Complexers and he has to go out there as Gamera. I don't know what he's talking about.
He's been having hallucinations about alien space monsters, alien space monsters, alien space monsters.
Why should people want to kiss each other?
It's an old custom. All of the really high civilizations go in for it.
But it's so silly.
But it's good for you though. It stimulates the whole system.
It hurts to be the bearer of bad news time after time after time.
Nonetheless, it fell my duty to be that bearer of bad news time after time after time.
I mean, Chaz is talking crazy stuff, man.
It was all making perfect sense up until the moment when he said...
Each day on Earth, each day on Earth, each day on Earth is a day that's worth remembering.
The hunger and thirst that the human heart has is satisfied by coming home.
Coming, coming, coming, coming, coming, coming, coming...
The come is to come is to...
Come is to believe. It means to forsake ourselves and turn to trusting.
The post end times, end times. Einstein's secret orchestra of 7 million billion billion billion billion billion.
Billion billion billion billion billion billion billion billion billion billion billion billion...
Different little brain cells of all those other people who are out there doing the same thing that we are.
only different present the subgenius hour of slack the law of the jungle this stuff is great
it's just as if donovan himself had appeared on my very own tv with words of peace love and eternal
cosmic wisdom
his name is
do you like dogs like that
oh
Some believe that the rings function as some sort of an accelerator or something,
sending its energy into this passenger pod, making it rocket away at near the speed of light.
You still want one there, Dr.
Those girls over there only knew my secret identity.
But how could they? How could they know that I,
I,
I want a dick?
The word rest is a good word.
It means the end of effort.
It means the removal of that which wearies the mind and the body.
It means that the exhausting, exasperating search is over.
It also means that there's a security.
This rest that Bob offered was the removal of the burden of guilt that we could be forgiven.
Through faith in the pleasureships, we can be forgiven.
We can be forgiven.
We can be forgiven.

Our past can be forgiven.
But he also answers the questions of life.
And when we're weary of the search right now, this word gives us strength as we walk on life's pathway.
It means the weight of the unknown, the future that seems so unclear.
He removes that weight of the future.
How can he do that?
Through faith in
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Ah, yes, oh no, dear friends.
Oh, this is your host and prayer partner, Reverend Ivan Stang.
this time sans nose bandage.
The doctors finally stopped taking pliers
and yanking long, rubbery tubes the size of your finger
out of my face.
And now all I have to do to stay healthy
is to wash my sinuses out three times a day
by injecting hot salt water up my nose
so hard that it has to be spat out.
Now how that is supposed to prevent the whole planet
from spinning counter to my sense of balance,
I'm not sure.
But enough about my health.
I refer to these things to show fellowship
with my aged peers to prove that I'm old
and therefore wise.
The old silverback of the Church of the Subgenius
and any whippersnapper, wise-ass punk
that thinks they can topple me
from the top of the mountain
and my throne and steal my harem
is welcome to try, you bastard.
Oh man, friends, by virtue of the X-Day home video
shot by other people, I've been privileged lately
to overhear bobbies that I've never seen before
telling each other very gravely and assuredly
just what all is wrong with the Church of the Subgenius.
And how Reverend Stang should fix it
and what Reverend Stang had for breakfast
and how stupid-looking his haircut is.
Bob?
I don't think they pay any attention to Bob.
I've heard some strange stuff in this church,
but hearing what some of the real young fans
tell each other about me has got to be
one of my most bizarre experiences ever.
Some of them actually seem to think
that I am really Bob in disguise,
or that Bob is my alter ego.
I don't need to tell any discerning subgeni
that, thank God, nothing could be further from the truth.
Honest to Dobbs, I only work here.
Now that Italian kid that works here too, Jesus, though,
now that isn't just a subgenius ironic name.
He really is the Lord.
You want proof? You want a miracle?
The Subgenius Foundation is still in business.
There's your miracle, praise Jesus.
Some of you people are so blind, willfully blind,
the finger is pointing at where your wildest dreams could come true,
and instead you're crowding around the finger trying to suck it.
Please leave my finger out of this, friends.
You're ogling a cheesy special effect
while the actual magic miracle is right behind you.
If you would just snap out of it,
and you will awaken when I snap my fingers.
Slap, slap, slap, slap, slap, slap.
So sometime in the distant future,
when Bonnie was brought back through this cryogenic laboratory here,
the finest, the finest, only the finest for little Jenny.
And look here, she has lots of little friends.
Some of them look like cats.
Other ones don't exactly look like any animal we have on Earth.
But this isn't Earth, so we don't care about that.
Jenny's completely happy.
Look, she plays with her little catnip ball.
Then when we come in and evacuate her bowels,
because she can't go on her own in the zero gravity,
we take her back into her little cage,
and we fondle her little whiskers, and we pet her.
And she feels like she's back home with everyone she knew,
back there in the cave, in the bowels of the Earth.
I'll tell you one thing about the universe, though.
The universe.
The universe.
It's a pretty big place.
It's bigger than anything anyone has ever dreamed of before.
So if it's just us, it seems like an awful waste of space.
Seems like an awful waste of space.
Hey, you wanna go for a ride?
No, thanks.
No, thanks? What does that mean?
I don't wanna go.
Go where?
For a ride.
A ride.
Hell, that's a good idea.
Okay, let's go.
These are not the drugs you're looking for.
These aren't the drugs we're looking for.
Yes, they are.
They're the drugs we've been waiting for all our lives.
These are not the drugs we're looking for.
Come on.
Let them pass.
Let them pass.
Oh, man, we made it through.
We're into Arkansas and out of Tennessee.
Now if we can just get to Texas, the fine will only be $200 and a night in jail.
It's almost like freedom.
But we'll have to breathe the special air again.
I don't think we're in Kansas.
It's the same air they've been breathing now for the last 60 days, I think.
The same air.
Oh, yeah.
The blue air they've been smoking.
Bad news about that air.
I'm sorry, but...
I'm sorry, too.
Listen, if you need air, you can come up here.
I want you to know if you need air, if any of you need air, you can just come on up here and see.
Stay with me.
And you can sleep on the couch and you can probably go out sometime, you know, and have something.
Bleepo's got good air.
He's got the kind of air you can really breathe that won't choke you or give you allergies or something.
It's just recycled flagellants, you sick man, you.
It's not real.
You guys just come up any old time, okay?
I'd love to breathe some of your air, Bleepo.
You know that my doors are open.
Your airlock is one of the most welcoming of all.

Of the airlock.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
He's a pretty good...
He's a pretty good party thrower.
He knows how to throw parties.
One of those shows that cannot die.
It's like a vampire that lives on and on through eternity, through all the ages.
Sitting together listening to this.
We're sitting together listening to this, remembering when we were sitting together listening to this.
I remember that.
I remember that real good.
That's about the only thing I do remember.
Oh, that was...
That was fun.
Them was fun days.
Them was...
Them was...
Them was...
Them was lean years, but fun seconds.
Friends, this is Hour of Slack number 651, believe it or not.
And it's also ESO slash Hour of Slack volume eight.
Because once again, Chaz Smith of Einstein's Secret Orchestra media barraged up the last
few ESO shows.
And his latest musical composition loop tapes, such as Heard in the Background.
Praise Bob.
Into one mighty hour long tape.
Once again, praise Chaz.
Because now I've got to leave town for a preaching gig at something called Death Equinox Con
in Denver right now.
And otherwise it'd just be a rerun.
I don't mention that...
I didn't mention that devival on the show because we don't have any stations near...
Anywhere near Denver, friends.
And it just doesn't matter.
But at least we don't have to do a rerun, friends.
And future shows, future shows, if any, should bring you the X Day recordings.
I've spent the last two weeks on pain pills culling down 40 hours of videotapes.
I've been shot by various subgeniuses.
Well, I've got it down to 10 hours.
And the sound from those 10 hours shall fill radio shows until next X Day.
Or as we call it, Next Day.
AKA Dos Equis.
Future show gonna bring you Bobby Yucks.
In the meantime, though, we continue to grow our own ships.
In Chaz's swamp studio.
And at WCSB Studios at Cleveland State.
Thanks to...
Cantor Chaz Smith.
Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Einstein Secret Orchestra.
Michelle, George, and Bob with special guests.
Princess Wiardo.
Reverend Lepo Abernathy.
Irreverent Friday Jones.
And yours truly.
Heard worldwide in audioactive Thursday nights at 9 Eastern Standard Time.
On www.wcsb.org.
Those nuts, friends.
By the way...
I'm reading from a script.
But those nuts have built a TV studio in the swamp.
And are working on a cable access, public access TV show called Eye on Strange Cleveland.
Or as I think of it, friends, Wee's World.
So that should...
We have all sorts of odd video things in the offing.
Oh, Lord Dobbs in Heaven, friends.
That reminds me.
We just suddenly set up another Cleveland devival at the Euclid Tavern.
Holy smokes.
That's right.
November 8th.
Sunday night at the Euclid Tavern.
Yours truly.
And ESO and Dobbs knows what else shall bring down the rafters in our time-honored way.
But with all new songs, sermons, and subpoenas.
That's November 8th at the Euclid Tavern.
Euclid Avenue.
Cleveland, Ohio.
Across from the food co-op.
And friends, these Cleveland Euclid Tavern devivals have become a legend of the late 20th century in their own time.
So get on board, friends, before the last ship leaves.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Build your own ship.
Earth, we must get off.
Praise Bob.
Subgeniuses off Earth.
Praise Bob.
Now.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Off Earth.
Off Earth.
Earth first.
On to Mars.
Earth first.
On to Mars.
Earth first.
On to Mars.
Friends, off Earth.
Let us off Earth before the virus of the ugly bags of water known as man takes over.

And spread further its infection of galactic civilization.
And you can help stem that infection by writing to Bob at P.O. Box 140306 Dallas, Texas 75214.
Once again, that's Box 140306 Dallas, Texas 75214.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.

Praise Bob.

Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Thank you.
astronaut, paper, injury.


Did either of you believe that spaceships can fly to any planet?
Is this theoretically possible?
I do believe in theories, Doctor.
But when you tell me flying to another planet is a possibility, you're out of the realm
of theory.
You're in a dream world of the impossible.
The world will not end.
Predicting the end of the world is an annual crackpot event in our society, an attempt
to corner the newspaper headlines.
But we are still here.
How will we ever interrupt enough private capital?
It's hopeless.
I believe you, Bob.
I believe you, Bob.
I believe you, Bob.
I'll buy you a start on your rocket ship.
I've seen any disease.
This is the way it's been done for billions of years.
Through telescopes,
men of science constantly search
the infinitesimal corners of our solar system,
seeking new discoveries,
hoping to better understand the laws of the universe.
Two more auto-falls.
That is the law.
I believe you, Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
I'll buy you a start on your rocket ship.
To make it smooth.
Yes.
We could get out a little hand sander and just go...
Oh, yeah.
I want to slide.
I want to slide.
I want to like...
There's stuff going on in there.
One nice move.
One thought.
Not a crime thought.
A regular thought.
There's not a thought.
There's one thought.
One thought.
One mind.
One neuron.
One brain.
One day.
One thought.
Yeah.
A big multiple...
Not a multiple, but a unichel...
Yeah.
Yeah.
Unichel creature with one thought.
One cell.
One neuron.
One day.
Well, you know, that thought has got to be either a guess
or a guess.

Yeah.



Or a no.
No.
Let's just die out of my thought.
I want a pure thought.
Well, it's got to be...
It will be pure, but it has to be one or the other.
And you'll have to make one last thought, Dave.
What's it going to be?
Prompt.
Prompt.
It'll be the yay or the nay.
Oh, yeah.
Or never.
I'll say Yanni, and then I'll hear Yanni the rest of my life.
I'll put them together and come out with a lesson.
They began in the water.
Dark, gliding shapes that violate every law of nature.
They're not human, but they hunt human women.
Not for killing.
For mating.
Since there's only room for one thought in your head,
we have to get all those other thoughts out,
and the easiest way is to just let them out of your mouth, Dave.
Just don't let them back in.
Just don't let them back in.
Just don't let them back in.
Just don't let them back in.
Accept his mouth.
Send him over.
Send him over.
He's a brain.
Brain.
Brain.
Get that.
Get that.
Crystal brush.
Crystal brush.
Crystal brush.

Crystal brush.
Crystal brush.
Let's talk about the theremin.
The theremin.
The prehensile.
Prehensile.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Don't start.
Don't start torturing me and stuff.
Don't start torturing me and stuff.
Let's talk about it.
And put on the decomposition of that album.
And, you know, go at it, Dave.
Free yourself.
Free yourself.
Let your mind flow.
Don't be so high, man.
Yeah, just like sitting in front of the theremin
and watching that snapping thing come out from behind my genitalia
shaped like a lima bean.
It starts undulating and dancing,
and the tones get higher in front of the theremin.
And pretty soon I know I'm having a thought crime already,
and I might be in risk of actual physical impregnations
as well as having to stay in my room,
but I don't care because it's making like a snake-type thing,
and as you know, a snake is sexual.
It's the S sound.
And then the theremin starts getting louder,
making these moaning sounds like a cat heat.
Cat heat, yeah.
Wait a minute.
And then there should be like an electrical shock
when it gets to the high, you know, when the snake,
so to speak, gets its head up real high,
and the theremin hits its high nose.
That's when the electrical shock should come.
It's delivered right to the testicular nose.
You never want to do it again.
But of course you have to immediately do it because it's bad.
You're clean and dirty.
You just can't help it.
You're so turned on.
Of course when you start, you're out of there.
You never want to do it again, you know?
I think that is a beautiful way of thinking of
not being able to do it again.
Not only the creation myth,
but the way the Lord imparts wisdom to all of us
through extreme pain to the genitalia.
You don't believe in witches?
You'd better believe in the virgin witch.
Black must come first.
Black must come first.
Black must come first in the life of any initiate.
And once you're a past initiate and become a master,
then the slack just comes.
Well, you know, I mean, you say this statement,
you assume I'm stupid,
but don't.
Ropes have slack in it,
and there's Von Bode's head floating around the room
like Arnold Palmer.
Praise the head.
I don't know if there's a possibility.
We've been looking for something else to launch.
Plus, to bring back those who couldn't make it on their own.
To help you create the highest possible earnings
from the psychodynamics of abnormality.
To turn conspiracy-implanted personality disorders around
and channel them into an illusion.
To create a new illusion of creativity
that will fool normals and get you sex.
Even though that wasn't actually...
Talk about the amusement park.
Well, yes, if we give...
We'll never be able to raise the money for that amusement park.
Amusement park? What amusement park?
Oh, the subgenius amusement park in Oklahoma.
On the highway, across from the Stuckey's.
Near that big cement dinosaur they got.

What, up there?
Yes, there's a giant crude cement bob now,
with a cafe inside.
Talk about the nail slide.
They must've had some of the hot chilies at the cafe.
Yes, and...
Listen to that reaction.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
When you leave, take me with you,
take me with you, take me with you,
when you leave, take me with you.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
And...
There will soon be a universal currency
by which there can be a global economic control.
I've never felt so spiritually fulfilled.
And with my brother, the stonecutter, behind me,
this is the beginning of a better world for all of us.
We gotta kill him to get easy mode.
Let's hear from the Stonecutter World Council
before we act too rashly.
I knew we were in trouble when that damn egg commercial,
that guy, I knew that was the government's take on drugs.
Here's your brain.
Because I've never, ever, ever, ever, ever
looked at an egg and thought it was brain.
Not once.
So one of those egg council creeps got to you too, huh?
You got it all wrong, Homer.
It's not like that.
Kill him.
Kill him.
Kill the fool!
Right, I have to disagree with Orville, Jack, and Mister.
Can't we just do something to his voice box?
We might as well face the truth.
As long as we're stonecutters, he will control our lives.
Now with computers, we have the first time in history
that what John predicted 1,900 years ago would take place.
Because now...
Now there are computers, in fact there's one in Brussels right now
that could do the job very easily,
where every person on Earth will receive a number
and they can be kept accountable.
Computers don't make errors.
What they do, they do on purpose.
By now your name and particulars have been fed into every laptop,
desktop, mainframe, and supermarket scanner
that collectively make up the global information conspiracy
otherwise known as the Beast.
The Mark of the Beast.
People now...
who... who... who have implants in them.
It traces their movements.
It helps their health, but it's also an invasion of privacy.
Soon there's... there's computers that are apparently being developed
that can read your brainwaves, that can read your thoughts.
I mean, this is not... these aren't toys or... or... or beyond the realm.
People have to grapple with whether they want that Big Brother screen,
which will be there.
You can turn it off.
Yes, Winston.
We have that privilege.
Well, um...
Shall I say it or... will you?
I'll say it.
That thing Israel is turned off?
Yes. Everything is turned off.
We're alone.
All right.
We have come here because we believe
that there is some kind of secret conspiracy,
some kind of secret organization working against the party
and that you are involved in it.
We want to join it and work for it.
Ow! Ow! Ah!
It... ah! Ah!
This club better be worth it! Ow!
Ow! Ow!
All right, all right. It's Lisa's turn.
We are enemies of the party.
We disbelieve in the principles of insult.
We are thought criminals.
We are also adulterers, I tell you this,
because we want to put ourselves at your mercy.
Yes.
First, let us all take a drink.
Now, let's all get drunk and play ping-pong.
Yay!
It is Big Brother at its worst.
It's just phenomenal, the amount of information
that's out there in the secular media
that would lend us to believe.
That chimp implants are going to be used to identify us.
No! No forms, no computers.
We were never here.
Don't feed the beast.
Because, you see, there's a conspiracy
and a lot of our own officials in America
are a part of that conspiracy.
And we're no longer the free land that we ought to be.
Now, here are some of the executive orders
and I believe you need to know what some of them are.
This is not all of them.
But there they are.
There's some of the things that they can do.
Take a moment to read that, please.
They can seize all communications media.
Seize all electric power, fuels, minerals,
both public and private.
What do you think caused them to shut the power down
in 15 of our states out in the northwest recently?
They'd been doing it over two or three states
and now they've tried it on a regional scale.
This wasn't an accident.
I talked to an electrical engineer that's involved in that
and he said, we made sure after the brownout in New York
many years ago, that such a thing
could not happen again.
We had interlocking grids so the power would be there
from one source to the other and suddenly
these things all go down at once?
That was not a happenstance or an accident.
That was a trial run.
I like to call it what it really is, a dress rehearsal.
And if you've ever been in a play,
when do you have the dress rehearsal?
Right before the real thing.
It's a terrible audience.
So it's a good time.
It's a good time to go to the theatre and have fun,

And it's a good time to try and get your head around it.
You're an interesting species.
An interesting mix.
And dear friends, this is an interesting mix of ESO
and I started throwing in Suzie the Floozy's
incredible conspiracy collage from her conspiracy show
from March 14th on Bob's Slacktime Fun House
on WREK, Atlanta. Praise WREK and praise Susie for this unbelievable barrage with
which we will now continue. Thank you.
So when I say that a takeover is imminent, I am giving the reasons why I have said that.
Mr. Reagan doesn't believe in economic sanctions against the government of South Africa.
Secretary of State George Shultz, representing the Council on Foreign Relations and their
international global plans for one world government, very often he makes decisions
related to the CFR, not to the Secretary of State, that would really be to the benefit
of the United States. Frankly, he makes me sick. But that's a personal opinion. Meanwhile,
you have produced some, what I call, subversive organizations that aren't necessarily Union
Jack, Old Glory, Apple Pie, and July the 4th. And the CFR, in my estimation, works far more
for world government than it does for the government of the United States. And that
brings me to the other one that you saw on the screen, TLC.
That is not tender loving care. That's the Trilateral Commission, which, by the way,
is part of the Fed, in a sense, because they're all tied into the Federal Reserve System,
the Council on Foreign Relations.
I happen to believe that this nation needs to be able to conduct deniable, covert
operations. I believe that this president, like all presidents, needs to have an ability
to dissociate himself from those activities, and that the U.S. role should remain the same.
That's the only way to do it.
I believe that the U.S. role should be hidden, or deniable, and not be revealed. God bless
America.
Oh, no. Aliens, bio-duplication, nude conspiracies. Oh, my God. Linda LaRouche was right.
My fellow Americans, you have a choice to make on Tuesday. You choose whether to continue
forward on the path which we've forged, or to move in a different direction. America
is at peace, and we're prosperous once more. The dreams of the next decade lie in your hands.
Bill Island,
The
World
of obtaining
slavery
until it breadies
vote Republican. Up and down the ticket. To continue the change we began...
There is no stopping what has happened in the motorcade group. There has been a shooting.
I repeat, a shooting in the motorcade in the downtown area.
We needed the theory of some guy on the grassy knoll who's responsible for all this
and lo and behold it's Falwell on the grassy knoll. Someone still needs to explain.
But I don't even want to hear the words grassy knoll.
The Illuminati worshippers of Satan the Devil is now infiltrated into the United States of America.
The very highest office of the land is now occupied by one of their agents.
Bill Jor-o, Rock the chip. Bill Jor-o, Rock the chip. Bill Jor-o, Rock the chip. Bill Jor-o, Rock the chip. Bill Jor-o, Rock the chip.
Humanoids, humanoids, humanoids from the deep.
Ladies and gentlemen,
you may be seated.
You've heard about it, read about it, but have you ever seen a psychedelic circus?
Those innocent fun games of the hallucination generation?
Here you will meet the swingers, the hipsters, the beatniks, and the acid heads who live from pill party to pill party.
Hello listeners.
Yeah, they're all...
Every one of you, Bob and Friday and me and Chaz and Dave, we love each and every one of you individually.
And we wish that we could throw our arms around you and put our disease in you.
Each one of you.
We wish we could throw up on you.
We would like to squish the super essence of each and every one of you right out into a little jar and drink it right down like it was an orange juice.
You people listening, yes.
I'd like to grind you all into fudge.
We'd like to take everything that's in your wallets and look at it all and make sure it's all okay and take it off to the analog.
We'd like to have you donate your very organs to us.
We love you so, so, ever so much.
I love you so much.
Here he goes about the organ.
I just want to flay you alive and keep your skin as a rug.
I will turn your skin inside out and wear it so that you'll always be close to me.
That's how much I love you.
That is a deep, deep love right there.
Yeah.
If I had anybody want to blame me...
It sounds to me like that's the kind of love that's only skin deep.
Tell me something, doctor.
Why do you think these aliens would go to all this trouble, bring you tens of thousands of dollars a day, and then you'd be like, oh, I'm going to die.
If you just had thousands of light years, then they'd just send you home without a single shred of proof.
You said that's how it's been done for billions of years?
Things are bad enough without the size of your organ adding even more misery to the troubles of the world.
Right on!
Right on!
Don't move.
Don't look at me.
Don't touch me.
I will kill you!
Most people are indoors people, but I think they want to be outdoor, but they don't know
how to get outside and enjoy it.
These are not the things that's meant to do.
Place all valuables in the yellow envelope.
Place all valuables in the yellow envelope.
I've thought for whom the bell tolls, because they're not going to tell you.
That's the truth, Dane.
The truth will drive you completely mad.
They will not tell you.
You can interview them at their house as they come out the back door trying to escape the
rest of the mediums.
Some of the psychics have traveled thousands of miles to get out there, and they still
know.

There's no ways of hiding out in the little mole holes, but they're not going to tell
you who the bells are tolling for.
They're not going to tell you.
They're going to make evasive statements.
They're going to point skyward.
They're going to maybe like do the theremin dance with their 2D whistle, or they were
just going to come out and fabricate lies to you.
What are you going to do?
You're going to sit there as smug as a bug named Doug and put some of that weird stuff
that you got to close up your psychosilicebens or your conleukin.
You're going to sit there and make a brain make a brain.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I just went on too long.
I'm sorry, man.
I don't know what I'm saying.
Sorry.
Back up.
DNA.
Sorry.
Ugly bag of water.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.





.
.
.
.
.

.

.

.







I mean, you know, how come we're sitting here laughing?
You know, maybe there is something we should keep our...
I don't think we should have faith or anything like that.
I wanted to grind my head in the blender a few times myself, but...
Maybe there is some way out of all this. I don't know what...
I have faith in you, Dave.
I don't see how you could have faith in anyone, even a person or even a number of people.
It's just your head, Dave.
Dave, that's the only thing I have faith in.
That beautiful, empty head.
That one pure thought vibrating inside of it.
A candle flame.
Like one of those crystals that keeps climbing your watch.
Oh, yeah.
The one thought, one head, one day.
We're climbing through this little town and going down Main Street.
And I see someone through a plate that's willing to look at us.
And they're so, like, awed.
You know, the...
Mouth drops open.
It's like, my gosh, what's going on here?
So, I see the man just grab something from his desk and run out to the window.
Run out the front door.
And so, I look back every once in a while.
This guy is kind of walking behind us or half running behind us.
And finally, we get to the edge of town.
It's misting, rain, a bit rainy.
And he says, hey!
I didn't want to interrupt you.
I thought you might be making a movie or something.
It's like, no, no, we're not making a movie.
And he says, but you guys look so real.
I mean, you really look real.
And I was like, I think it probably is because we really are real.
Jesus Christ, what the hell is going on down there?
This big commotion down there.
They was tacking the kid up.
They was banging nails in his hands.
Well, I sent somebody up to tell God.
And I shot down there to help the kid out.
Well, by the time I got down there, they put him in a cave and rolled a rock in front of him.
Well, I rolled a rock.

I rolled a rock out and took the kid out and took him up to his father.
And he's doing fine now.
So, Dave, how you been doing on building your own ship?
I've been dreaming.
You getting down to the garage there at least?
Getting some work in there?
No time after work there or something?
Yeah, I went into the garage and had me a couple beers.
But something about them beers, it's a little fishy.
They taste like chocolate.
Yeah, if you're not supposed to be sitting around drinking beers, you're supposed to be working on your rocket ship.
Well, they shit as long as I can.
They see me.
I want it.
I want it.
I want it.





I can have as many beers as I can drink.
Well, you ain't going anywhere then.
I can see that.
We're going to get left behind just like it all in mother parts.
Look at this here, man.
You think I've been crying in the dark, man?
Look, look, look.
Okay, get back in here.
Okay.
Get back in here.
We ordered up six fuel rockets this week alone.
Look at them.
They're back behind the old refrigerator back here.
We got two launches going up next week.
Look at it, man.
Come on over here.
Just walk over here.
Let's see what you got.
Say.
See? Look, man. I've been taking all the beer cans, and I've been putting them on the underbelly.
There's no way these things are going to burn up in space, man.
Once I get out there...
Is that your heat shield?
Yeah, that's not only a heat shield.
See, once they're crested, they start popping apart again like that, and then it'll be like a form of thermal insulation on it.
So that way...
Yeah, that's my heat shield.
Look at this part over here.
Look at all these bottles when I'm down here.
There.
Yeah.
Yeah, there's two goes around back here and stuff.
That's what's going to get me off.
I've never seen anything like it before.
That's where I'm putting the solid fuel in all them old beer bottles, see?
And it's really unique, Dave.
And then a little thrust will come out of the bottle opening.
Boom.
Hey, didn't you hear it right off of the bottle rocket?
Just think of it.
So when they're all lined up, look.
Look at how they're all lined up.
They're going to go...
Moving on.
It's an end.
It's an end.
It's an end.

It's an end.
It's an end.
It's an end.
It's an end.


It's an end.
It's an end.
It's an end.
It's an end.
It's an end.







This is a true subgenius vehicle.
It's amazing.
I'm not sure it'll fly, but...
Don't get me out of that old bullshambles.
I think it's got the stuff on it.
I think your ship is okay, but I'm not sure about your propulsion system here.
Sort of total, complete silence and that beautiful view.
And the realization, of course, that you're going 25,000 miles an hour.
Do you like dogs like that?
Mommy.
Once the havoc is over, every mother's son remaining alive will try to get here and climb
aboard.
I don't know.
People are more civilized than that.
They know only a handful can make the flight.
You spend too much time with the stars.
You don't know anything about living.
The law of the jungle.
The human jungle.
We are men.
Are we not?
Did I do that?
I don't even remember doing that.
At other times, a re-experience occurs through nightmares.
Am I right?
Am I wrong?
I just feel like I'm falling apart.
Don't look at me.
There's only one thing you can do, people.
I'm afraid there's only one thing to do.
Build your own ship.
Build your own ship.
Build your own ship.
Build your own ship.
You can build them out of styrofoam.
You can build them out of, say, a little piece of aluminum foil you've been keeping in your backyard.
I know some of you have a...
Cheese.
Some of you have bundled cheese balls.
Lots of cheese.
And some of you have, like, spare car parts.
We need all kinds of spare car parts.
Don't take them down to the yard.
Bring them to us.
Because we're gonna make them.
Bring them forward, children.
If your heart's been aching as we've been doing here, you need to bring forward...
What?
You need to bring forward those hubcaps and those distributor caps.
And...
We need to come forward.
So at this time, we'd like to invite you.
And bring your baseball caps, too.
We don't have any uniforms or cool stuff like that.
We need people to know we're kind of different.
We're...
So we'd like to invite you right now to get up out of your chair.
And if you should come forward, come to the front where the altar is.
In your own home, you know the altar is probably your television shed.
But right now, it's your radio.
Yeah.
Get down on your knees.
Get down on your knees, right.
And get in front of your radio.
Put your headphones on.
Put your headphones on.
Yeah.
And turn it up as very loud as you possibly can.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And turn all the bass up.
And if you've got one of those real nice systems, turn on the sensor on.
Reverb.
Yeah.
That's it.
As you're down on your knees, that tear trickles down your cheek.
Dave's got it.
He's going to wipe that tear off your cheek.
If you're lucky, I'm not.
With a baseball bat.
I'm going to use Sam Slammy's handkerchief to wipe your nostrils with, kids.
But I know not many of you are going to be crying because you're all inspired tonight.
So shed a tear.
That's right.
You are born again.
You are born again in the solid rocket fuel.
Walk into it.
Walk into that rocket fuel.
Immerse yourself in it.
Sure.
If you hit it really hard, it's just solid.
It's solid as a rock.
But if you ease into it, you have to ease slowly into the solid fuel.
And then it's real liquid.
It's like jello.
That's right.
Then you just light a match, kids.
Light that rocket.
Like Alan Shepard said, why don't you fix your little problem and light this candle.
Bless St. Alan Shepard.
You were St. Alan Shepard.


Alan Shepard is right now sitting on the right hand of the Lard.
Along with St. Gus Grissom.
St. who is the Russian guy that died?
Snaggleroff.
Snagglepuss.
Snagglepuss was cut from the team because he had problems with his dentures.
And they didn't want anybody, especially the Russian team, they were showing him off a lot.
They were showing him off like Soviet Socialist Republics with them big parades with the red flags and everything.
And they bring this guy out and his dentures are hanging out of his face.
And they said this guy is not good for public relations.
We got to have a real handsome like, you know, guy with a crew cut like the Americans have.
So they got a bunch of them guys.
There was Lipschitz.
There was Schweinholtz.
There was Krupp.
No, there was Zolbotz-Parmakorkov.
And Betty Boop.
Somehow they got her out of contract.
And she was going to be the first female Soviet astronaut.
But as she was only an animated character and her contract was only under a six-month indebiture,
they had to enlist her in one of those Eisenstein movies.
So if you look very carefully on Battleship Potemkin,
you can actually see Betty Boop behind one of them sailors waving a red flag.
It's amazing how you can go back and forth in time after you've watched cartoons all night and smokefrog.
Smoke that.
Take two of those lysine.
There's one of tyranols and secondols and N-R-Nep.
There's a methadryl.
And that's infantil.
It's baby food.
I can't eat anymore of that stuff.
And, uh...
Hey, what was I talking about again?
.
You were talking about when you and I, Dave,
were gonna write that symphony from the New World.
Only we're not talking about symphony from this New World.
No, not the European New World.
We're talking about the Deep Space New World.
When are we gonna write that symphony for the real...
New World?
Well, we got this guy, the bar jack.
He used to hang around the bowling alley with my dad.
And he claimed that he knew a way...
Well, he was actually inspired by the star people in here.
He never played the accordion before in his life.
And he always felt that his homeland
was in a place beyond the stars somewhere.
So he never said the old country
when he talked about his land back far away.
He always referred to it as the old planet.
And we know that when you come up with
goofy cartoon interplanetary names,
they usually start with a Z, like Zarkov
or Zoltan and stuff like that.
But he really did have an Uncle Zoltan on the planet Venus.
And he wrote him letters every day.
He wasn't sure he'd ever get them,
but it didn't stop him from writing because he had faith.
And he knew if someone else in his family
had made it before, coming this way,
he'd wave bye-bye on the other side of the ancestral pole,
going that way.
And that's why he decided not only to build his own,
but just to climb to the top of the highest mountain
and pass some waves on it.
Kiss your ass goodbye.
And stand up on that rocket and...
Kiss your little DNA level seed goodbye.
Kiss four billion years of evolution goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Bye.
Bye.
See you around.
You know, it's been nice.
It's been a nice ride.
From molten lava to blue-green algae
to little critters
to ugly bags of water.
In an instant.
In an instant, that's right.
And now it's all imploding back in on itself.
We've reached the point where we can't even

We've reached that critical mass in the universe.
You don't realize it yet,
but the universe is actually not spreading apart anymore.
It's shrinking now.
It's going to slowly, slowly at first,
then very quickly,
all in a moment,
just go right back to that infinitesimally small
and unimaginably dense point of nothing.
Yes, if some of you are astute enough,
you can notice right now your hands are getting smaller.
Look down.
Your feet are getting smaller.
Your fingertips.
Your nails.
Your fingertips.
The top of your head is getting smaller.
It's becoming a little point.
It's not going at the same rate of speed as the rest of your face.
No, the top is smaller.
Your head is shrinking.
In the name of John Glenn, amen.
Come on, baby, let me tell you about a place that ain't far from here
It's in our house
Come on, baby, let me tell you about a place that ain't far from here
It's in our house
Well, says you coming over
Oh man, you know
The grass is always greener
In another solar system
The sky is always bluer
The sun is always gold
Come on, let's take a drive
Come on, let's take a little ride
Come on, baby, take a little ride
To the end of the cosmos
Come on, baby, let's take a little ride
To the end of the cosmos
Come on naturally
We're looking for the truth
Let's get you love
The flight that ties us all
The Marcus and the Marcus
And you and my baby
And you got the feeling
That we're gonna fly
halls, we walk in talking circuits near, then one day all the switches and the mics and
cages and dials all baking red light from lab rats and test tubes and biological goo
came to life and became you.
So far to go, so far to roam, so far to walk, are we walking alone?
Somebody's watching, somebody knows, each one of us hides now and then in shadows.
At the end of the month, we know what we can do, now that you are here, now that you grew,
at least a few hearts, and cry in the night, and wake and roll over, then sleep again tight,
each breath we take just to exhale, at once a puddle of purple and pale,
slither and slide.
And go on tail, and stood up in the valley, and left under sail.
Left under sail, cosmic sail, sailing on the solar wind.
Yee-haw!
Right on, little doggy!
Should've come on back to war trade, by the way, it ain't far from here, it's in the United States.
I dreamt of you in the media, as we're going by.
Ooh, that's where you are.
I say, come on, baby, let me have a snack, come on.
I said, come on, baby, let me tell you about a place, it ain't far from here, it's in outer space.
I said Come on, baby, let me tell you about a place, it ain't far from here, it's in outer space.
I said, come on, come on, baby, let me tell you about a place,
it ain't far from here, it's in outer space.
I said, come on, come on, I said, come on, baby, let me tell you about a place, it ain't far from here, it's in outer space.
There's so many Lycians form our home, the Constellation Orion is next to Ursa, the bear.
As you look in the midsummer sky, you can also see Castle and Pollux dancing by.
Sophia, Cassandra, Cleopias, Barnaby, the one-faced dog boy.
Gleecus, Rondo, the fields of lab, the castle of lab.
Just kidding, just kidding.
I said, come on, baby, let me tell you about a place that ain't far from here, it's in outer space.
They've got good chicken there.
The weight of a grudge, the odor of death.
The taste of remorse.
Yeah, I tasted it.
That's right.
I swallowed it.
Yeah.
I swallowed it.
Yeah.
I swallowed it.
Yeah.
I swallowed it.
Yeah.
Or the color of joy.
Ah, yeah.
It's another way.
What's the color of joy?
What is that?
What comes to your mind?
Dink boy, dink boy, dink boy, dink boy, dink boy, dink boy, dink boy, dink boy.
Do you like dogs and fish?
I repeat, all this depends on Bronson's findings being correct.
This is not a publicity-seeking campaign.
We are completely aware that most of our colleagues ridicule our findings.
But believing what we do, we have no choice but to ask for this hearing.
With enough funds, labor and material, rocket ships can be built.
Rocket ships can be built.
Rocket ships can be built.
They think you're a crackpot.
I know.
Proposition still stands.
Your money for your life.
My pizza's not to eat, babe.
Okay?
Hello birdies, hello spring.
Each day on earth is a day that's worth remembering.
You know I can't refuse.
Build it!
Pull up!
Get herucker!
Get herucker!
Get herucker!
Get herucker!
Get herucker!
Get herucker!
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
See you next week, kids.
Thanks for watching!
