Ah, yes dear friends, this is in fact Hour of Slack number 1141, which is a rerun of
Hour of Slack number 33 from early July of 1986, when I had just returned from six weeks
in China and Japan on a missionary trip. Yeah, that's it. And this was probably the last
show with Reverend Buck Naked as a co-host, because after he ran the show for the six
weeks that I was gone, when I returned to the station, the managers told me that it
was either Buck goes or all of Hour of Slack goes. And so went Buck. Anyway, to repeat,
friends, the material...
The material in this show is from when I was working for Reverend Mickey Grant on the film
China Run. I left China exactly three years before the Tiananmen Square Massacre, by the
way. Exactly three years. While I was there, the Chernobyl Russian nuclear reactor meltdown
happened, which made things even more interesting. But now let us continue back into the year
of 1980.
18 into 86.
And it's true, man, I just got a taste. But it was a thrill, baby. You really wake up
when you're treading that tightrope of danger, international intrigue.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
I'm not sure how many of you have heard of the show.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
.
Damn, righty-o.
.
.
The emperor is really
roadblocked.
He is thrown and sawed barefoot on the road.
I could never hold on myself, you know.
Ha ha.
.

Ha ha ha.
Thanksgiving.
.
campaign .
Ha, ha, ha, ha.



I'm sitting here watching TV in China,
and I'll tell you, we've been making these jokes
about how it's been 1984 since 1953 for a long time.
And I'm almost ashamed of myself
for making those kind of jokes about the U.S. now
because I didn't really know how true it was here.
And it has been 1984 since 1953 here.
Repent. Quit your job. Slack off.
Driven to the brink of false sanity
by the conspiracy's false reality,
and the pressure of a crumbling world,
then this may be for you.
This is Doug Smith, radio operator.
I'm going to bring you a piece of that green cheese for sure.
Welcome, dear friends.
Yes.
Welcome, dear friends.
Welcome, dear friends.
Welcome, dear friends,
to the subgenius radio ministry hour of Slack.
With reverence, I will stand and pass the bag naked.
This is your announcer,
Chris Ford.
Yes.
Yes, praise Bob, dear friends.
Come on, send your pledges in.
You made your commitment.
Now follow through.
Thank you very much.
Well, welcome back, friends.
And...
I've got a couple of special guests with me.
I'm Pastor Buck Naked, your announcer.
And here with me in the studio,
I've got the Spider Deacon, Jim,
and Reverend Ivan Stang.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Back from the missionary trip to Red China.
I'm back, and I'm beautiful.
Praise Buddha.
And, ah, yes, friends.
Praise Buddha.
Back from mighty...
Praise Buddha.
We're back once again from mighty...
How come I'm making up my mind?
I'm going to play some mighty red Chinese music here.
I'm going to stick this in this other receptacle
and get this booger going.
Ah, yes.
Oh, listen to that, friends.
Beautiful tune given to me by a taxi driver in Beijing.
Ah.
Them were the days.
Leaving the Friendship Hotel in China.
Friends, I must say that Bob guided our hands
while, ah,
we were on our missionary tour of China.
He was instrumental in us getting the great shipment
of Habba Frop Zipulops out of Tibet.
Friends, you think it's easy getting that Frop out of Tibet,
but, ah, you know, China is the only way to get in there now.
We had to get 10,000 copies of the book of the subgenius
smuggled into China and 10,000 tons of Habba Frop Zipulops
out of Lhasa and through customs.
Friends, it's espionage.
It was dangerous work.
At times, we ministers had to pretend we were brain surgeons.
We had to pretend we were filmmakers, prisoners of war.
And, you know, compared to all that tightrope of danger,
it's mighty dull to be back here in Dallas.
Don't you agree, Buck?
Yeah, pretty much.
I haven't been out of the country since the last of my
.
Oh, they're doing good in Malaysia.
We ran into several students.
Some of the new zombies that have come out of Dobbs Town, the slack camps.
Friends, it was hard to leave China.
We had such a successful voyage there.
That vast, vast world of strange people.
And that's what's so great about them.
They're so strange.
I saw a good old DDT agent back there in Malaysia.
Speaking of strange.
Yeah, he was, I saw him.
He had a good operation.
He came through.
He had his operation.
He's doing better now.
Well, they can't do that.

I'll heal up after a while.
I'll have a scar on my head next time you see me, Buck.
As a matter of fact, made a special deal.
But yes, I'm full of sea slug, eel, octopus, ox tail dinners, live baby mice.
That's the best one.
We couldn't afford the monkey brain.
You know, they eat monkey brain live.
The monkey's head is stuck through a hole in the table, and he's sitting there in utmost
terror.
And they take the cleaver and hack the top of his head off.
Yeah.
And then everybody takes their chopsticks and goes at that still thinking brain.
I mean, they don't even do it with the electric saw like they do in Malaysia?
No, no, no.
This is restaurants.
These aren't people.
These are monkeys.
No, I know.
In Malaysia, it's people.
So you have to be a lot more careful when you're eating, you know, sucking down some
brain, sucking some soul down.
Damn good old brains.
But friends, you know, most Chinese, a quarter of the world, a billion people, they don't
even know about Bob.
Or they didn't until we were there.
But now, friends, there are five devout subgeni, including our new announcer that you heard
a little earlier, Dr. Li Jing, the Pope of all China.
And we hope to get here on the show at some point.
The high priestess of all Asia, Li Yan.
You'll like Li Yan, Buck.
But yes, friends, these are some of the top folks in China.
And that's all it really takes to spread the virus of our belief system throughout that
mere one billion people.
So our new gang of four or five subgeniuses will be listening to this tape on Voice of
America on their shortwave.
So hello to Zhang Ping and Zhang Laoshi.
You like them too, Buck.
We've got the best kind of missionaries there.
We tried to get some signals out to the subgenius faithful in the States, but I believe we were
being scrambled by the Russians.
And also, we had to deal with the amazing Chernobyl nuclear explosion.













And so we're going to be doing a little experiment that we helped conduct out there.
So how's it been going here, Buck?
I understand we've had an incredible new type of crank caller.
Yes, Mr. PP is our sort of remote co-host now.
We officially installed him.
He sort of installed himself over the last month or two.
They tend to do that, you know, after a while.
We had to replace Ronald, let's put it that way.
We had to replace Ronald, let's put it that way.
We had to replace Ronald, let's put it that way.

I don't get it.
You'll get it.
Okay.
Well, you know, friends, the Chinese, most of them are actually not communists, we found
out.
They're mere, like you or me, they're not dupes.
They're mere victims of that hideous conspiracy that covers the globe.
And I'm afraid one thing I learned there is that the conspiracy has a much tighter grip
on China than it does on the US.
I probably should have known that already.
But you know, you get about 8,000 miles out of China.

You get about 8,000 miles out of town, Buck, and you start to realize just how much slack
you actually had.
I'd be put into a work camp for doing this show for one night in China.
Yes, you would.
And you wouldn't last five minutes.
Oh, I don't know.
I'm sneakier than you think.
But look, I also brought, we've also brought our missionary here, a Christian missionary
named Mr. Jim Ryan, and he's here with us too.
Awesome.
And Jim, so how have you been doing trying to Christianize the masses out there?
Trying to Christianize the masses out there.


Jim?
Pastor Buck, I've had some problems.
First of all, they keep throwing bottles at me, and I've been throwing them back at them,
and they just do not understand the word of Bob there.
Occasionally, they break.
No, but what about the word of Christ?
Like I was talking to you on the phone a little while ago, Stang, and you were telling me
that the Chinese are getting pretty mad at the Christian missionaries.
Could you tell me anything about this at all?
That's to me the most interesting part of this interview.
Well, as I said, I'm a Christian.
As I understand it, actually, the Chinese are very suspicious of particularly Christian
missionaries because they've done so much spy work for the Goh Men Dong over the years,
and the Japanese, and all the other people that ever invaded China, and not to mention
you, me, and all of our listeners.
So there's some suspicion now.
It's not true that there's no church allowed in China.
In fact, we...
On our secret camera...

On our camera, we have film of a Catholic Chinese church.
The only difference is they can't obey the Pope of Rome.
They have to obey the Pope of China, who was never...
There never has been one until our visit there.
And so now...
The Italians are real upset about this, I hear.
Oh, absolutely.
I keep hearing that.
Oh, of course.
I'm just wondering why we don't get anything on cassette one up there.
Everything says...
Oh, don't worry about cassette one.
It's just...
Okay, well...
It's just a maniac.
Anyway, this is cassette two, so...
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
Well, friends, I understand.
You were doing something a couple of weeks ago about, is Reverend Tseng really in China
or is this a fake?
And somebody called up and said that...
Right.
...they saw me downtown.
Well, you know, we like to keep things sort of under our hat on the hour of Slack Radio
Ministry.
And when we send one of our people abroad, we're not gonna tell you until he comes back
because, well, look what happened to Sternow.
Look what happened to Sternow.
As a matter of fact, friends, there's all sorts of ways you can...
You go off for a little while.
Yeah.
You go off for a little while and, well, if you say the wrong thing in some of these
countries, there's an operation they can do with like a...almost just a fingernail file
under the eyelid without damaging the optic nerve.
They can actually give you a prefrontal lobotomy.
And I met a couple of students from Nairobi who, by the way, were into Dr. Maka Doody,
I might add.
They knew him?
Oh, my.
Yes.
They knew him?
In Nairobi.
They knew the subgenius saint, Dr. Maka Doody.
Wow.
Wow.
And...
Hey, you were in Nairobi or were...
No, I was in the Friendship Bar of the Friendship Hotel in Beijing, but that place
is full of African students.
They're only allowed foreigners, right?
No, no, no.
We had Chinese friends eating in there with us and so forth.
No kidding.
Okay.
Oh, yeah.
It's open, man.
It's real open.
As long as you're a foreigner, you can almost do as you please.
You can get all...if you can get the permits.
Now, if you're Chinese, that's a little different.
If you don't get into college with the best grades in your high school, well, then they'll
give you a job, and once you're in that job, they keep you in that job.
Right.
Of course.
You can't quit, and you can't be fired either, so you're going to get paid no matter what.
So, friends, you're wondering what the Hour of Slack is all about.
Yeah.
Yeah, well, you can tell we've really gone communist since...
God almighty.
Well, I'll tell you what.
Talking about missionaries, this is a tape I just discovered on the way over here.
Don't turn it on yet.
This is the way you turn people on to Bob.
Now, see, this is a different kind of religion.
We don't have to be that hard sell.
We choose to be, but we don't have to be.
Now, when I left China, we had a good start.
There's a billion people there to be translated into the word of Bob physically and spiritually.
How's the work going to translate the pamphlet over there?
It's moving along.
We got the right people to do it, I'll tell you that.
They just can't be caught at it.
You see, it's...
Oh, really?
It is tough.
So they can't mail it back to you?
Yeah, they can.
They just have to be real careful about it.
But this was getting...
I got into an elevator going up to the room here, and the elevator lady asked me who the
man on my shirt was.
I hopefully will.
This man looks like you.
That's Bob.
Bob.
Bob is a funny guy.
He says, AI, AI.
Oh.
You see, friend, she knew.
She understands.
You can tell by the way she...
Ni hao.
See, that means praise Bob in Chinese.









And they say that all the time.
That's the way they say hello.
It sort of means praise Bob.
They just don't...
Most of them don't know who Bob is.
But...
Oh, they will, friends.
They know about the pills that Bob takes, though, over there.
Yes, they do.
And I can't believe we've only got one tape deck.
I can't do a show in here with one mere tape deck.
Now you're saying house rules.
You can't complain about the equipment.
But...
Oh, let's see.
For those who don't believe that Bob is...










We're getting a call in China.
They don't believe there's a country there.
We did make some satellite recordings.
We couldn't get them over here because, well, they do things to you if they find out what
you're really doing.
The one thing we've discovered is that you can't believe what anybody says about themselves
over there.
At one point, we were actually told...
What do you mean?
We were told by one of the translators that there was a camera and a microphone in our
room at the hotel.
I kid you not.
And you didn't notice it?
Oh, my.
After all the cameras and microphones you have in your house?
Well, we took the place apart, and they've got the finest little cameras.
I brought it with me.
In fact, that's what I recorded most of my rants all week on.
On your Tommy?
On my stolen communist spy cameras and recorders.
No kidding?
It was wonderful.
Wow.
Yeah.
But friends, you know, they need slack in China, just like we do here, like everybody does.
But they don't have it.
And there's no explanation for that.
There's no explanation.
That's a thing you've got to remember, friends.
There's no explanation.
There's a black hole out our window.
There's no light.
And there's no explanation.
There's only one thing you can do, friends.
Look out the window.
And that's trust in Bob.
Look out the window.
There's no light.
You can't see anything.
It's a blackout all over the whole neighborhood.
What happened?
Except for right here.
Right here, friends.
You've got to trust Bob in the dark.
If you could, there'd be no war, no crime, no open-ditch latrines.
You'd have to squat.
Squat over like in some third-world country like Japan.
You'd be able to sit on the finest raised porcelain thrones and pedestals with suction.
Oh, friends, the Chinese love Bob.
They just don't know yet.
And when we were going through customs saying goodbye to Li Li Jing and Li Yan
and these wonderful new popes and priestesses, they were chanting Bob and slack.
That's the truth.
They were.
They were indeed.
Well, the Chinese can really chant.
Man, I mean, compared to an American.
Well, they haven't been.
They don't have the, I could call it the patience to really chant Bob the way they can in the East.
That's right.
That's the one thing that's so spiritually strong about our friends in the Orient.
Uh-huh.
And the underground Chinese subgenius resistance.
You know, friends, someday if those people, if our friends in China can do what Mao did,
all the Chinese people will be praising Bob and burning all the books that aren't about Bob
and beating and criticizing all the people.
And all the people that aren't into Bob.
And, oh, don't it bless your heart to think about that, friends.
Because someday, you know, someday that's going to happen here in the U.S.
This country, friends, it's going to happen here.
This country's going to get back to Bob.
I can see that uprise.
I can see it in my mind.
I can see an uprise in all of the country right now.
If they can do it in Red China, they can do it here, friends.
They're going to love Bob forever because they have to love Bob.
And that's the way it's going to be in the U.S.
You're going to love Bob, my friend, because you have to love Bob.
And if you don't?
I will just.
You'll be sent to the subgenius slack farm where you can dig ditches
and carry baskets full of dirt on your shoulders and push water buffalo around.
And until you're reeducated and you remember what slack really means,
you'll be ready to praise Bob then, won't you?
Oh, yeah.
I know you will.
But it was pretty amazing.
Friends, let's go to a little bit of taped live report from that strange country
while Buck tries to find out who.
Is listening on our telephone.
Oh, by the way, my friend, Professor Mickey Granta,
who is the co-host sometime of this last month's show in China,
was he was one time calling somebody on the telephone there.
Yeah.
And he he heard his own voice from the day before conversation the day before being played back on the phone
because somebody hit play instead of record somewhere in the phone company building in Beijing.
That's been happening to me around here, too.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
I've been getting all kinds of weird things on our phone because we put our phone number on the air once.
Not me, but my my buddies, my roommates put our phone number on the air for their crazy projects.
And that was me.
Well, as a result, you know, anyway, our phones been tapped ever since.
Oh, yes.
Pray.
Then now they'll have to sit through sit through my arguments with my girlfriend.
Oh, God.
If you're in the FBI.
I know the FBI guys.
One minute.
They'll be praising.
Bob.
The next minute they'll be cussing you out.
I hate and but I know.
And I'm like, again, they're fighting to get out.
So much.
I just I need to in America before we spend money, we need to know how much.
So I'm hoping later there's not some deal I don't know about.
When we do business, we are responsible for the money.
And so before we have work done, we have to ask the price.
And that's how our system works.
That's how our minds work.
We don't.
Yes, friends.
And for some reason, this music, which sounds uncannily like Devo, I was hearing this in
the first first night I was there in China, the taxi driver was playing this bizarre thing.
We're going to go to the taxi driver.



He came up and he was eating this strategic, but he also was on the taxi bus.
I was arranged to go to China, because he said today is media salah, I'm going to say

I didn't wish to buy a driver's license.
Oh, you just went out with the dough.

Well.


.
They listen to, they don't get rock and roll much in China.
They really don't.
It's sad.
They do get Hong Kong love songs, which is real radical for them.
They get, in Taiwan, rock and roll, which is like warmed over versions of current hits in America done by Taiwanese bands sung in strange accents.
Like girls just want to have fun.
They do, don't they?
The Chinese just want to have fun, too.
At points, I was reading that they're not into the squirting universe in China.
They don't believe in getting sexy beyond marriage.
And I thought, well, gee, that's real moral, but it can't be true.
That must be a bunch of government propaganda.
It is.
It is, friends.
It is.
And I was so glad to hear that you can't suppress.
Of course, you can suppress having babies.
They have forced abortions in China.
If you have more than two kids, then that's it, boy.
You can go over to the scraper.
That's life control.
Yeah, but see, that's why we were able to work on brain transplant experiments there.
That's called urethral day scraper.
Hey, man, that's crude.
That's bad, Buck.
I don't care.
It's easy to remember because it rhymes.
That's right.
See, I want to be, I want to point out how atrocious.
That's true.



It really is.
Okay.
But it's so, so I make it worse so that you can understand it out there.
I'm trying to shock you.
I'm trying to get you angry.
I'm trying to make you react.
Yeah, it's all part of the satire, folks.
The diseases you get from listening to this show, that's just part of the satire.
So, like, don't worry about it.
The lawsuits, the station gets, that's just part of the joke.
That's part of this big satire, see.
But as I was saying, you know, abortion is like, uh, it's,
it is murder, as Bob said, but it's murder in self-defense.
In China, they don't look at it that way.
It's, it's murder against population growth.
And, uh, but see, that gives doctors like us an unending supply of donors of fetus brain tissue,
which, if you've been reading your Time magazine, you'll know that's the only way
to even work towards brain transplants, is working on brain grafts using fetus brain tissue.
And in China, you've got donors, you've got no insurance problems,
and you've got no crippled people.
Or, uh, or, or mentally ill people, because they kill them.
And you don't have too many troublemakers like, uh, us,
because they put them in, in, uh, the work camp right outside of town.
For, not forever, not like they used to, you know.
They had that big revolution there to get rid of the horrors of feudalism,
and they ended up with something just as bad.
But, uh, you know, it's a, it's a cultural thing.
The, uh, I mean, Bob will be doing that to the,
to the United States.
And you're laughing.
You're thinking, oh, yeah.
Yeah, the U.S. couldn't, we couldn't have a cultural revolution like, like China did.
No, Bob would never do that to us, would he, Bob?
Not the real Bob, my friends, but not the real Bob.
Well, there's a good Bob, there's a bad Bob,
and then there's a yellow Bob, and there's a white Bob.
And then there's doctors.
Uh, please vote.
Hello, everyone.
This is your Chinese correspondent for the Hour of Slang.
Li Liqin speaking to you from Beijing.
And this is the Chinese subgenius report.
Everyone probably knows.
This is a train to Beijing.
Beijing, ah, that's just a sea of people.
Especially now, ah, people's life is getting better.
These rural villagers, ah,
they come to Beijing, ah, to the city, ah,
to sell their stuff, ah,
to get their money back.
But the bicycles, they often don't have a nosebleed.
Ah, when they're in danger,
they use the, the, the shoe band to go to the outside,
and they pull themselves up like this, and then,
ah, they stand up.
Because the discovered one, ah, get hit.
I've been hit this day and I'm getting off work.
The old researcher came over shows a big frame.
I went left and right.
Fantastic.
The eighth crit was hit.
I came out again and was afraid,
I said, I said, you're in university.
You're such an old man.
I said, you ah.
He said, how do you say it?
You say we are patriotic.
We are old.
حم帥

Oh yes dear friends, listen to that Chinese TV in the background.
You know how we do in the U.S. here, we have the Star Spangled Banner.
No, it's not, this is Reverend Eiland's thing.
I can't believe it.
And Buck's here battling it out with the callers.
Barbarians, dog people, that's what we are.
Oh, oh, here.
That was, by the way friends, that was once again, that was Dr. Li Jing, the Pope of all
China, the Chinese subgenius doing the Chinese report.
And hopefully every month or so he'll have a couple of minutes or longer to speak in
Chinese.
And those, I figure there's probably three or four people out there that'll, that'll
get it.
Reverend Stang, we've got a lady up here who would like to tell you something.
And this is a love call for you, Reverend Stang.
Oh geez, great.
We feel like you deserve it.
Okay, well you know how to work this new board, not me.
Oops.
Hello.
Reverend Stang.
Yes, my daughter.
Welcome back, praise Bob.
Oh yes.
Praise Bob.
We praise Bob and, and Kill Mal.
And we have missed you.
We have not had any true slack in over a month and a half.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's all right.





It's me, Buck.
I, I, I screwed it up.
I know.
I, I, I whip myself every night after realizing what I've done to the show.
Oh no.
You ruined it, Buck.
No, no.
When the spirit gets a hold of me, I don't know what I'm doing.
I can tell, Buck.
It's really bad.
Reverend Stang, you can, we can absolve him just as long as he stays away for a while.
How the hell can you say such a thing?
I thought, I thought all.
You didn't hear my show, Stang.
Oh boy.
Yeah, that's true.
I haven't heard any of Buck's shows.
Oh, no.
I mean, we don't get, I mean, like I said, the Russians were scrambling the signal there
in China.
Well, are you going to be back for a while now?
Apparently so.
Good.
They, uh, uh, jeez, thanks.
Well, I'll tell you, did you like Dr. Chaos any better?
What's your phone number?
Oh, I'm just so glad you're back, Reverend.
Okay, well, uh, I'll be leaving the station in about half an hour, so, uh, you know,
if you, any, any gladness, I'd be very glad to see myself.
Oh.
I'll be back just before we go.
No, no, no, no, no.
No, I'm just kidding.
I left three wives in China, two in Japan, and I got at least 37 here in the U.S., and
the payments are really stiff.
Well, you're a master of sweat, I can tell.
They all are good cooks.
The problem is, they're also all feisty.
That's the problem with these subgenius girls.
I, I, when it's like, as soon as I walk out of here, there's gonna, they're gonna be waiting
for me with rolling pins.
Oh, gotta mention what they're frying.
Yeah, or their new, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh,
uh, uh, uh.
Oh, dear sister, I'm, well, uh, who is call, who is this calling by the way?
Oh, this is Joy.
It is, isn't it?
Oh, hello, Mom.
Uh, Joy and Bob.
Whoa.
That makes me wanna play some hymns.
It makes me wanna play a cart.
Oh, yeah, that's true, we do have to play the cart, which is our obligation to the stage.
Well, anyway, welcome back.
Well, thank you very much.
Okay, well, I hope I get some love calls after that one.
Yeah.
Yeah, any.
Nice.
Yeah, let's have some, some Buck love calls.
Yeah.
Yeah.
girls as a sort of a trademark for six months now.
I haven't even been able to say it lately.
All I can say is, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
I never know that.
OK.
It takes a while.
It never does even.
We're going to get back to the Chinese report here
pretty quick.
OK.
Thank you.
Let's put on this next call and see if I got a call here.
Oh, I can tell she's touching her laugh right now
with that thought of mine.
Hello, our Slack.
Hello, my friend.
How are you?
Ah, it's Mr. Beepy.
This is him.
This is him.
OK.
Hello.
Mr. Beepy.
Yes, sir.
Did you hear my Mr. Beepy impression
when we started the show tonight?
It was a shock to my system.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
It was a shock to his system.
I couldn't believe it.
I don't understand why you make fun of me.
Make fun?
Heck, that's a tribute, dude.
That's a tribute to you.
Yeah, since I walked in the door here,
everybody's been saying, wait until you hear Mr. Beepy.
I mean, good, you've got a following out here.
What do those initials stand for?
Don't say it over the air.
Don't say it over the air.
Just read it.
Just remember this thing.
He's got more than one.
He's got more than one.
Listen, your reputation was reaching us all the way
in Shanghai earlier in the month.
I was standing there.
They know about me over there.
Huh?
They know about me over there.
Oh, yes, they do.
In fact, on May Day, the anniversary
of the Bolshevik revolution, they
were drawing mustaches over the mustache on Karl Marx
and putting your picture up.
A giant phallic symbol?
Yes.
Oh.
I tell you, they're getting into slack.
They're getting into slack over there.
Praise Bob.
I cannot believe it.
Yeah, yeah.
America is such a wonderful place, and I praise Bob for it.
Where are you from?
Where am I from?
You sound like a local Texas guy.
Where I am.
Oh.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, OK.
I've got another tape of him.
Oh, you got to meet someone else, too?
Yes, yes.
I have another tape of you.
Would you like to come over sometime?
No.
Why not?
No, no.
Why not?
No.
I could show you my collection of you know what's.
Yeah, yeah.



Yeah, that's exactly why I don't know what I do know what.
We've got the same collection, pal.
Look, I know.
Look, we need to.
We're going to surprise you with a tape of yourself.
I didn't even know I had this.
Thank you.
I want to hear it right now.
OK, this imposter here.
Let me see if I can get Professor Lele Jang out of the box.
I'm waiting.
Time is of the essence.
No, no.
Not upside down.
OK, now this imposter goes to the box.


It goes by the name of E. Yotta D. Shiite, and he's speaking in trance.
And this is a message I think we should all pay attention to.
OK, go ahead.
Play it.
Oh, well, we have to take you off.
I have said this before, and I say it again.
Let us suppose the peoples that are coming here from others past.
Let us suppose they are spiders.
They have come to us.




They have come to save you.
Yes, to eat.
Always be very suspicious about everyone who comes to save you, because he is saving
you for himself.
And you cannot tell what for.
Save yourself, and you will be safe.
How do you do this?
By educating yourself.

By making yourself as the what if.
Get out of the child mind.
Get into adulthood.
This means you will have to be responsible for your dream.
If you are not willing to be responsible, just do that.
Well, friends, you see, that was unbelievable.
I believe that is the same individual who has been calling this show.
This tape says it is Iyadadi Shiite, the entity.
The tape is called You Are the Dreamer.
And this man, this is a tape of a man, a man like you or me, who goes into a trance and
makes these pronouncements, which you can barely understand on only one channel, about
the aliens.
And what he was basically saying on there is that the aliens want to eat you, but you
want to be used by them.
Because you love a man.
You love authority so much.
And he's got a point there, you know?
Yeah.
He's got a point.
I've got another caller right here, and I'll just patch this fellow in.
I need another tape deck, man.
There's no media barrage hellish background noise going on.
I've got a...
I'm going to...
Wait a minute.
Hello, caller?
Hello?
Hello.
Yeah, go ahead and say that again.
The sound of the salute, the tone, can you tell me what frequency it is?
It drives my cats crazy.
It's a very...
Actually, a very...
It's a combination of a 27 and a half over about a thousand point three.
No, you don't understand.
So 440 is standard, okay?
Yeah.
I have two cats, you see.
They both go crazy when they hear it.
Like this?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
What have we done to them?
How do they look?
I don't know exactly what they do.
How do they look?
Do they do that?
No.
They're...
I finally got some background noise.
No, but they're learning.
They're learning to do this?
Well, thanks for sharing that with us.
Yeah.
That's wonderful.
Well, those...
See, they're...
What this salute does to cats is a shame, and that's why the Chinese think we're a
bunch of dog people, man.
They think we're...
Yeah, yeah.
Death, death.
The Chinese think that we're like just these clumsy, big, bad, idiotic, stupid, stupid


ill-mannered, quasi-retarded, culturally deprived idiots.
But we're not as bad.
They don't think us Caucasians and black people are nearly as bad as the Chinese minorities
who are like the Tibetans and Mongolians.
And it's like a hideous cartoon of the US in the 50s.
The Mongolians and Tibetans and Chinese minorities have to sleep in their own hotels, they drink
out of their own water fountains.
And they have to sit out of their own water fountains.
And they have to have the back of the bus.
No way.
Really?
It's just like the US before Bob.
But friends, if China is like America before Bob arrived, I want you to know that last
week Bob arrived in China.
So we've got a firm toenail hold on mainland China, friend, an unholy alliance between
slack and communism.
Praise Bob.
Oh, yeah.
So the conspiracy is everywhere.
It was Mao the same way?
Did he approve of putting everybody in the...
Back in the bus and all that?
Oh, yeah.
This is all...
I mean, everybody's...
All us workers are equal, but...
Except for the minority.
The dumbest, most ill-informed Chinese worker is equal to the richest party member who gets
paid real highly and can buy all sorts of products the other ones can't.
It's just that some party members are more equal than some ordinary citizens.
That's kind of like from Adam.
Yeah, kind of like.
You could say.
It's kind of exactly like...
Exactly like.
To give you an idea.
Now, the funny thing is I talked to a lot of old hipster radical types who said, oh,
we have Reverend Stang.
I've been to China.
I was with a radical tour group.
They showed us the ideal commune.
They showed us the rich peasants.
That's like, it's utopia.
There's no crime.
There's no rape, they said.
Right.
But that's like judging the United States from Disneyland.
That's exactly what it is.
That's very...
That is exactly what it is.
And we were there for a month working.
And we were there for a month working.



So we need, I mean, we needed to say it alongside the workers.
Hey.
I mean we were workers too.
And after about a month they start to tell you what they really think.
And friends?
Oh, they need slack.
They need Bong.
Stang, while you were gone.
Well, maybe not Bong, but then at least they need Bong.
One of the greatest American basketball players is named Akeem Olajuwon.
Yeah.
Yeah, the giant guy.
Well, he's pretty big.
He's not that big.
He's about six-nine .
Although they list at 7-0 because he just plays over everybody's head anyway, okay.
He's from Nigeria, okay.

Okay.
Anyway, when they went there with Clyde Drexler from the University of Houston, they went to Disneyland in California.
And so Clyde Drexler starts talking to a Goofy, you know, one of the Goofys at Disneyland.
You know, the dog, right?
And the Kimo Lodge one comes up and says, who is this dog and why did he speak to you?
Why did he speak to you, friend?
You see, in China, Goofy would end up in somebody's stew pot.
That's right.
Along with Muffy and Fluffy and all the other house pets because they can't afford to be keeping a frozen goblin animal around.
Mickey for dessert chocolate covered for us.
No, they quit eating rats.
There was a big rat problem for a while, about 10 years ago.
And the government started sending out on the early morning news show that everyone in the country listens to on loudspeakers because you can't turn them off.
They said they gave them rat recipes and how you could eat rats.
Right.
Right.
Right.











And the rats were so full of DDT that everybody started getting sick from the rats.
So then they had to do another propaganda campaign to make people quit eating rats.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I heard that they, what did they do?
They got rid of some kind of animal by just getting everybody after them out there.
What was it?
Now, which?
What animals, what animals did they get rid of in China?
Birds.
Oh, really?
Yeah, birds.
They used a lot of DDT and got rid of all the insects, see?
They thought that was a real modernistic move for the five year plan.
Well, the birds didn't have anything to eat.
So the birds are all gone and the insects came back because they're, you know, got their immunity up by a few generations down and no birds to eat them.
So you've got to use really strong DDT in China these days.
Maybe they'll have to borrow a little stuff from the Soviet Union, from the Ukraine.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, they are.
They do.
They borrow from both.
And by the way, America made a big arms sale to China just about three weeks ago.
And they were really, really good.
Real friendly to us after that.
I bet you, I bet you out there hardly even heard about it.
No.
As a matter of fact, you probably didn't hear about the joint air maneuvers.
You probably didn't know about how we know what was on the, what happened there.
Joint air maneuvers.
Hey, get this, Buck.
I was sitting in the bar at the Friendship Hotel.
Yeah.
And these French and German scientists, this hotel is full of scientists that live there.
These guys are behind me looking at satellite photographs.
The Romanian journalist for Radio BGing across from me.
He says, oh, those are US spy satellite pictures from Chernobyl.
And they sure indeed were.
You could see it.
You could almost see people down there like little ants.
And that's why we got this report here.
They're intercepting it.
They're intercepting them.
They're intercepting them in China.
Yes.
The Romanians are.
Oh, no, no.
These French and German guys did.
And the Romanian just overheard what they were saying.
And was able to transfer.
In France and Germany, right?
Oh, yeah.
OK.
Yeah.
OK.
But here's how we do it.
Friends, this is a report from Beijing that Dr.
Professor Mickey Garanzi.
And I did.
About that very self-same subject matter of how they get those pictures.
Speaking for the hour of slack in Dallas, Texas.
But I'm speaking tonight from Beijing in the People's Republic of China.
With super espionage expert, Dr. Mickey Garanzi.
And Dr. Grant, would you explain to me once again.
Just exactly what kind of.
What just exactly what sort of.
I got to check.
How you got those.
How did you get.
Just a second.
I'm looking for some bugs.
The Chernobyl explosion.
Is this on?
Is this on?
How did you get your information regarding the radiation spread from the Chernobyl.
Let's call it the small accident that our friends, the UGWO rounds had.
KH-11.
KH-11.
The KH-11.
KH-11 satellites.
We've got to deal now with the Chinese.
With KH-11s, they released photo devices where they perished.
They were shot down in the balloon pox up.
The C-131 comes along and picks up those suckers.
And we've got.
Okay, they've got homing devices on the film that's dropped.
On the pouch.
On the pouch.
On the pouch.
Now what do our Chinese friends have to do with the.
They allow us to fly our C-131s over their territory.
Because some of these in southern part of Russia since we lost our good buddy in Iran.
Some of these, some of these, they float down this direction.
And that's one of the big things we got going with the Chinese.
Oh, that's why we're training them.
Training them to fly up there and catch them.
Well, we do more than that.
We've had joint air maneuvers.
We had the first joint air maneuvers in 1984 with the Chinese Air Force and the U.S. Air Force.
That was in October 1984.
Now how come we didn't hear about this in general release of news in the U.S.?
A lot of reporters, AP reporters, in fact some others I know, they were aware of it.
But this was, this was kind of killed back in the U.S.
This wasn't the sort of thing to put on at that time.
So, you know.
Not exactly prime time material, eh?
Well, you know, what can I say?
One morning there were about five generals with stars on the Great Wall.
What can I say?
Why in the world would George Bush, former head CIA, be the first ambassador to China?
Think about it.
Think about it.
Think about it.
That's the hard part, sir.
There's only one hard part.
Yeah.
Praise God.
Oh, yes, my friend.
It's true.
That's true.
We're right here in the red communist time.
Let's go talk to some folks out here and just put this on here and let these folks out here, let them listen to this.
We're going to go talk to some.
What a pung you yell Fiji.
That's what I mail Fiji.
Fiji?
Yeah.
He's saying my friend wants a prostitute.
His wife in America is not here and he needs a Chinese tai tai or wife.
Just so that they know the truth.
That was Chinese in an elevator.
That was the 10, 10 people at an elevator on top of a hotel.
We won't say which hotel.
No, sir.
We can't pronounce it.
That would be revealing too much because we just met another CIA guy in the bar.
That's exactly right.
And he would hear this broadcast.
Oh, he would know.
Who done it?
Friends, they listen to the hour of slack and I do mean they.
You know what I mean.
Them.
Hey, oh, and we hate them.
No way.
We don't necessarily hate them.
I'm one of them.
We need to.
Yeah, we got to have.
Would you go into a little more detail on exactly how these spy satellites work that
our government is keeping over that, for instance, how we know that the population of Kiev is
being evacuated at this moment?
Our biggest problem.
Everybody thinks we got satellite over all Russia and that ain't true.
We watch skis, teach military areas in specific places.
We can't watch all of Russia.
So man, a whole bunch of time passed.
There's some radiation detected in Sweden.
These guys pay all attention to that kind of stuff.
And the moment they said that, we started looking.
We studied the wind.
We studied everything.
And we finally fucking whoops.
We finally discovered that that wind was coming from this particular area down there in that
part of Russia.
And immediately we sent the appropriate satellite vehicles.
Guided satellite vehicles.
All these are guided man.
These K-11s.
They got got they got.
They got all kinds of ramble.
Like a video.
Video game.
Just about.
Just about.
In fact, the control looks real similar.
Have you ever operated one of those?
You want to do that one day?
I'd love to.
Oh, we can get you to do that.
Oh, yeah.
From here in Beijing?
No, you can't do it from here in Beijing.
You have to go to Tokyo or back.
Or Houston.
Yeah, Houston.
That's near.
That's near the bottom.
Yeah.
Jet Propulsion Lab is the main place.
You can do it from Washington, too.
The president likes to do that sometimes.
He likes to take hold of the joystick and move those suckers around.
I knew you were a hunter.
You'd not believe what you can see.
But anyway, that's the problem.

That's how all that happened.
You know, I understand you can see down the premier, the front of the premier's blouse
in Moscow.
Well, it depends on the cleavage.
That's the bottom line.
It depends on the cleavage.
Most of them, most of them Ruskies got some damn big old.
Well, it depends on cloud cover.
So we're going to have to wait and see.
Doctores for Bob, friends.
Well, we've got a caller here coming in with some sort of message, but we can't put it
on at the same time as this beautiful new Mark Mothersbaugh hymn, the Bobcotta, which
you'll be hearing on the show quite a bit, I'm sure.
We'll have to get back to our Beijing traffic report next week, because our time is swiftly
beginning to run out that's too bad because well actually we can get a live
traffic report from Beijing because dr. Garanta is going back there he's gonna
are you with us there wonderful huh where is that is she oh we had a caller
with a message in Chinese from Bob she claims they all say what has happened
here oh is that you hello mr. fee fee we were looking for a way there's a girl
supposed to be calling that we were gonna put on next I don't know what
happened to her she could call back if she's listening but I don't know how how
that happened yeah that's right okay Bob Bob said four
things to you in Chinese right you say you have a message from Bob yeah okay
well that's all that happens we'll see how that happens Americans that's been

Well, let's spit them out.
Okay, first he said, I flung dong.
I flung dong.
Amazing.
No, listen, listen, listen.
And then he said, one hung woe.
Okay.
Those are famous book authors.
No, no, no.
And then he said, we're in the Fungawi.
Uh-huh.
That's an Indian tribe.
Okay, what else was it?
We're in the Fungawi?
Yeah.
That's actually derived from the Fugawi tribe.
Oh, really?
Right.
The first two are authors of books respectively titled Brown Spots on the Wall and, oh, I can't remember the other one.
But I don't think that was Bob.
I think that was perhaps the one whose name we must not say.
He who has no name.
He who was in heavy rotation for the last three weeks.
Yeah.
Well, tell me some more about the birds because, like, I've got a bird here and I've had problems with her before.
Well, first.
She may be eating DDT.
Birds kill all the insects and the birds will die.
Okay.
That noble experiment was tried by our comrades in the Far East and it worked wonderfully.
So if you have lots of roaches, the bird ought to be okay.
Anyway, now a word from your station, the Voice of the People, K&ON, and this is called Dallas PD.
Aye, aye, aye, aye.
Aye, aye, aye, aye.
That's excellent.
That's excellent.
That was really pretty good.
Okay.
I'll pull it out and stick it in again.
Forgive me.
Oh, my back.
There we go.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.

Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh.
Yeah.
I don't want to tell you how to you your life.
But please be informed the last couple weekends the Dallas Police Department
has been running a campaign of apparent intimidation in the Deep weiter.
Yeah.
Please be advised that the slightest violation of law, with each result, it'll be improvedπου


They probably do not show out.
We can see all the shows, at least clearly careful.
He would you to do on the sidewalks and in public and.






have all of your papers in order. Do not let them win in this battle of wills.
This is what I call a battle of wills.
This is what I call a battle of wills.
Conspiracy is everywhere.
As I was saying, those poor Chinese people can get in a lot more trouble than you or me
for carrying their book of the subgenius in public.
I'm afraid sometimes for my friends in China.
I can imagine Li Jing getting caught and going,
Are you, Li Jing? You read the foreigner's pornography about this man Bob.
We have caught you. You have a choice now, Li Jing.
Either denounce this Bob and Confucius,
or we will send you to the work camps with bamboo shoots in your eye.
And I would say, and Buck would say,
Li Jing, whatever you do, denounce Bob.
If Bob walks in, kill him. Don't let him do that to you.
Because friends, not all religions call for martyrs.
Only Bobbies, the pathetic Bobbies, should be martyrs in this church.
And Li Jing, our Chinese subgenius friends, you're not Bobbies.
So it's your duty to renounce Bob.
Your duty to Bob, to renounce Bob.
If not, do not.
Because you're a Chinese subgenius.
And you're free to continue to secretly subvert a red China and bring them around to slack.
And for the life of thousands of yuan, we'll be coming Bob's way soon.
Everything half-priced, friends, to Chinese subgeniuses, not counting Taiwan or Hong Kong.
Half-priced.
So just remember, folks, Bob is a man, not a god.
God would never understand how the party keeps you enslaved,
how your job keeps you enslaved.
Dick!
Army!
Dick!
Army!
So friends, before we sign off, I have to tell you, I'm going to be doing a marathon run.
I, Reverend Stang, am going to run 2,000 miles along the Great Wall of China on a pogo stick.
And I'm going to be carrying 10,000 copies of the Book of the Subgenius to hand out to those needy Chinese,
spiritually starved Chinese.
And $100 will put a book of the subgenius in the hand of a China.
Because, friends, those China people need Bob.
And maybe, I don't know, maybe you need Bob.
Maybe you need to be saved by a Chinese who's already been turned on to Bob.
So from now on, I want our Chinese-American friends to know that you're not forgotten.
And we're going to be bringing you Chinese language, a couple of minutes of slack,
every couple of weeks here.
In the meantime, friends, all we can say is...
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.

We're going to have to sign off here.
Hang on for Monday morning with the quarterbacks.
And we'll be the Monday morning quarterbacks, friends.
They're using that shock treatment again.
Friends, Bob gave me my shock treatment.
I've got that Bob blog for you.
And friends, remember to send your tithe and your love offerings.
To the Church of the Subgenius.
And do you have that mailing address, friends?
Do you have that mailing address for information, free information from the church?
Post office box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214 for your free information pack.
Church of the Subgenius, post office box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214, USA.
USA, friends.
God bless America.
Praise Bob, friends.
We're going to let Dr. Onan Kanabot's lovely music carry us to the end.
Ah, yes.
If you'll just remember to send those prayer blankets.
We need those blankets and contraceptives for the children in the home for slackless children.
Ah, yes.
Praise Bob.
Praise somebody.
Good.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.

Yeah.
Yeah.

Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.


Yeah.









Yeah.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Well,
Well,
yeah.
Even I was just about to say,
uh,

Oh,




















Okay.



All Hail.
Wall washed.
We're the.
Keep going.
Yes, friends, this was a rerun of an hour of slack, number 33, in fact, from July 1986, recorded in Dallas, Texas.
Nothing in this old recording relates to anything that exists now.
You can learn more about the modern Church of the Subgenius from subgenius.com.
Or write for information from subgenius at post office box 181417, Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
And praise Bob, praise Bob, and praise Bob.
Ni hao.
Franken-Budweiser.
Watchin' Bob on TV.
Oh, swallowing red man.
The day my coon dog died.
Reading the pamphlet.
Oh, bird, oh, bird, oh, yeah.
Eyes drinkin' Budweiser.
And Bob was on TV.
The day that Uncle was good kicked by a mule.
I was with Cousin Junior.
But the N.A. backfired.
I was drunk.
I was lonely.
I was plastered.
I was drunk.
I was drinkin' Budweiser.
Ba, ba, ba.
Ba, ba, ba.
Ba, ba, ba, ba.
Ba, ba, ba.

Subtitles by the Amara.org community
