I got to thinking about something.
Yes, dear?
A new and wondrous thing.
The finest dignity and elegance.
What is it?
The subgenius power of watching.
What a wonderful idea.
Oh.
Oh.
Uh.
Uh, Bob.
Oh, yes.
Right.
Test.
Whoa.
Test, test, test.
Test, test, test, test, test, test, test, test.
Oh, I have to start the CD.
Chuck, chuck, chuck.
450 B.C.
Testicles, the tautologist.
Testicles!
Testicles!
Testicles!
Yes, the undescended.
Ah, yes.
Dear friends.
He that feared the word of the Lord among the servants of Pharaoh
and made his servants and cattle free in the house.
Yes, he loved them.

He let cattle into his house.
He was a disturbed individual.
And that's why you're here.
He was an animal husbandry.
For Hour of Slack radio show number 1,500 and something.
Once again, that's Wisteria.
Community campground.
Caffeine's Cosmic Cafe.
Dr. Philodrum is with us this afternoon.
And Dr. Owlet Owl.
Hey, back at you.
At Subgenius Mind Control Experiment number 2203
at Exist Harvest Point on Ex Day Eve.
And I don't know about you, but I'm pretty excited about all those benefits we're going to receive.
Yes, friends.
We've done so many of the traditional activities.
We just got back from the baptism, which was much more successful than I had.
Yes.
We got back from the baptism, which was much more successful than I had anticipated.
Because normally, most subgeniuses are scared to go into the woods,
much less into that strange water full of life.
But they did.
And coated with walnut oil, which has not left some of us,
if indeed that is what it is.
There's still argument as to what that strange substance is on the surface of the water,
which is there even before the baptism.
Well, we'll find out if it changes us.
Mm-hmm.

Or tomorrow, because tomorrow we all have to get up at 6 in the morning or stay up all night.
We meet at the stone circle down the road, which is the circle made of stone.
Also known as the landing field.
And the turtle mound.
Well, the turtle mound is over there to honor old Sequel,
but it's not where we're going to assemble.
Stang is just throwing that in to be complete.
Yes, there is the giant turtle mound signified,
the nearby presence of a giant turtle.
But he, too, will be seized up in the rupture of X-Day
and ascend like a sparking, flying Gamera to the Empyrean.
As will all of us, or we'll die trying.
I am so ready. Aren't you guys ready for this?
Well, I hope to be safe inside the vessel
and not subjected to explosive decompression outside.
That would be no pleasant X-Day ascension.
I have a saucer built for 15.
I'm ready to see my whole comic book collection in one place at the same time.
That could happen.
Including all the ones you lost, right?
Including all the ones I lost, because they'll be waiting for me on the pleasure saucers.
But compressed into subatomic space.
That's in the boilerplate.
No, you put water on them and they, you know, expand into...
I understood it was something like that.
They can be reformed, they say.
I don't like that compressed into subatomic space.
Well, they're carrying the equivalent of many planets of cargo in these things
and that's the way they deal with it.
I thought they were really planets.
So deal with it.
They are, but they, you know, they've got a lot of stuff
and they'll have a lot more when they leave this junket.
Aren't you taking the Grand Canyon and so forth and so on?
Among other things.
All that stuff has to be in there.
there also. And when I say I'm taking the Grand Canyon, that doesn't mean I'm taking the hole
in the earth. That means I have to take a very large chunk of earth with it to display the
grandeur. You have to get the headwaters of the Colorado in there, the little Colorado.
Can I make a suggestion? Please do. That's what it's all about. I'll just put it like this.
Bottle City of Kandor. I was just thinking of that. You see, Superman, the capital of the
planet Krypton in Superman's parents' time was Kandor, a mighty city. But the evil robot Brainiac
shrunk it down to lower and smaller than model train tabletop size. Superman kept the city,
still viable, in his Fortress of Solitude. But what not everybody knows is...
In some later on labyrinth of the eternally unreeling, inane Superman story, he restored the
city to its full size on a different planet. So there was again a planet of Kryptonians in the
universe. And Superman and Supergirl, who was also of Kryptonian origin, used to go there for a
vacation. But then an unfortunate thing happened. Shot from some hack writer's loaded quid, the
reconstitution...
The reconstituted city of Kandor slipped into another dimension where it is now irretrievable. And the Bottle City of Kandor in Superman's Fortress of Solitude is a replica.
What?
It is...
That's sacrilege.
It's in the top comic in the stack of your comics that we brought to sell at the Bulldata auction.
Yeah, I was going to point out to you that there's a Superman comic there.
You can buy that issue, folks, when we do the Bulldata auction. But that's just a preview.
It'll be a fabulous interest to come.
I knew there was some tie-in later on.
Well...
What comes around...
One would think so.
The web of synchronicity draws ever tighter.
We're going to have to combine the Bulldata auction with the long duration marriage, the short duration marriage, the taco filling pot party, the pot party, the taco party...
No one would stand for that.
And the...
What's something else? Oh, the costume ball.
The costume ball.


For which the theme is spies.
Yes.
And if you didn't bring a costume, see me.
Smart spy.
Because I have costumes for a dozen people. Sort of spy.
Spy outfits you have?
Well, if there's a dozen people wearing them, then yeah, that will be a spy outfit.
Well, you'll see.
You'll see.
A secret spy, because nobody...
You won't...
Only those dozen people will know.
How will they know to come to me to get them? Because I'll have this disguise on, see.
Whatever disguise there's more than one of, ask one of those. And one of them will be me. Or at least it's not a Bob mask. That would be creepy.
We've done the very first...
We had that, though.
...subgenius convention. We made paper Bob masks and about 20 or 30 subgeniuses went to Dealey Plaza, because it happened to be Kennedy Day, November 22nd, when all the conspiracy buffs and theorists, let's call them, were there.

We're down at Dealey Plaza, and there's always lots of cameras. There's a camera crew covering subgenius, Showtime, What's Up America. The only decent TV report ever done on us, the very first one.
And friends, it's a creepy, horrifying sight to watch a city street filled with people wearing Bob masks. It's creepy, I tell you, creepy. I still have nightmares about it.
In addition to the full over-the-head Bob mask, we also have...
We have available the Mitt Romney mask, which looks sort of like Bob, and especially if you stick a pipe in there.
Yeah, it looks like a loser trying to look like Bob.
Well, nonetheless, we have it. And so, come see Ivan about...
I don't see any of those in the audience. Usually there's at least one well-dressed guy with a straight haircut and a pipe who wants to kind of look like Bob.
Well...
It was Reverend Dapper a few times.
Yeah, Reverend Dapper.
What happened to that guy?
He didn't seem to have any hair.

He was in Jamaica this year.
Oh, I wish his mom would come back. She was hot.
His mom also was here?
Yeah, I liked...
He brought his mom with him?
His parents brought him. He's really young.
Now I understand many things.
They had a good time. It was an educational festival.
It was. It's educational for me, I'll have to say, each time.
They were doing the conspiracy thing, right?
What do you mean?
Checking out all the various conspiracies I understand from...
Reverend Nicky, that that's a new...
A new...
A field of study.
A new course of study.
Oh, well, yeah, she's a professional...
She's the one that separates the real conspiracies from the fake conspiracies.
It took a subgenius to make conspiracy crackpot study into a legitimate college academic butchery juror.
I'm going to put a weight on that.
Reverend Lee Cipher managed to get a... to pull one over on the pink eyes of the pink-eyed pinks.
Yeah, that is shocking.
And the University of something in Virginia.
And he got a doctorate to talk... using big fancy words to talk about churches and subgenius.
I never thought I'd see the day.
Never seen anything like it.
I couldn't understand half what he said.
And his doctorate... they don't spell doctor with a K either.
Well, that's a different kind of doctor.
They're the kind that get paid.
You know, you can analyze something out of existence.
Just meant to be pure entertainment.
There's my progeny.
Yeah, I could hear her with that strange horn off in the woods.
It's called a vuvuzela.
You know, they went down to the pond...
Eight-year-old Lily Drummond and her mom went down to the pond early...
so that they wouldn't see the Bob Tinsley.
And so they could stir up all that walnut oil.
Because I had said, well, you know, there may be a bunch of...
there may be a few naked fat guys down there.
And Lily said, Russ.
Well, you missed the naked fat guy-a-thon.
Oh, the Field of House of Fairy pile.
There are fairies.
There are fairies.
She saw fairies?
Just on the other side of the water.
Real fairies?
Yes, you go there and they've got stuff all over the tree.

They're all over the trees, fastening it together.
Filmy, magical...
You'll have to show me later, you know.
Well, I'm not sure...
I was never sure whether I was supposed to be there.
Well, she had the butterfly net, right?
Did she catch any?
I forgot the butterfly net.
Oh, I was hoping for a pixie on a stick.
She took the vuvuzela instead.
It's one of my favorite meals.
The horns of Elfland.
Oh, that's an interesting thing to...
A little-bottled butterfly.
A blue-bottled butterfly.
Do those taste good?
You can make coffee out of them.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
They're good.
I have to ask that.
I'm not sure.
I'm okay.
I've heard the fairies are pretty good when they're barbecued.
You can meet them.
You can meet them, Stang.
You can go over there.
I have encountered them.
I'm scared to death of supernatural beings.
They use the pond, too.
I got in trouble because I said they weren't real.
So...
I've encountered them.
They are there.
Their encampment lies just beyond the pond on the other side.
I confess my sin.
I do now believe I have been brought into the fold.
You and Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.
Right.
Yeah, that guy believed damn near anything, apparently.
Me and the monkey.
I think that the guy that wrote Sherlock Holmes would have a little bit more of a skeptical bone in his body.
By Jove, Holmes, how the deuce do you deduce such fantastic deductions?
Well, it's like...
Hadn't he ever heard of Photoshop?
He'd look at the pictures of fairies.
They were just cut-out pictures of fairies.
They were just pictures of girls with wings, plainly glued onto another scene.
Or maybe...
The guy who wrote Sherlock Holmes thought that was real.
Had he not ever heard of Photoshop?
Well, you know, editing...
Maybe when fairies manifest in our world, they look like two-dimensional cut-outs mounted in the grass on sticks.
The editing anomalies...
It's just part of their protective coloration, so you won't give them any credence.
Nature has given them this ability.
Back in those days, you know, they were willing to accept a higher level of editing anomalies in there.
That's why I used the
Is that why you can only see those entities called the orbs on pictures?
The orbs?
You never see them in your eyesight?
Unless you're a jet pilot.
You take a picture in a dusty place at night.
God, there's all these angels shaped like dust loads.
Dusty place? Yeah, dust.
They disguised themselves as dust particles lit by a flash.
Do you remember Roswell rods?
Only the New Agers.
Oh, I see what I'm missing.
Oh, yeah, the rods.
I had a friend who told me about them.
He should have known better because he was a videographer.
Every now and then, a frame of videotape, you'll get this odd little black.
It's just an artifact.
It's an electronic.
Nothing supernatural about it.
Well, apparently those are rods caught.
These rods, I don't know, are they from another dimension?
No, they move at a certain speed that can only be caught on video.
And they wiggle at a certain frequency that is only caught in strange ways
when the video is shooting into deep holes or something.
Those superstitious dummies.
But the whole time, there's something much more impressive going on.
Every bit of grain of the film is actually a tiny dog set.
Yeah.
If you look at it with an electron microscope.
So there's much more of our type of supernatural crap going on than theirs.
I have close-ups of those Dobbs heads.
Actually, I have close-ups of them around here.
I think we've all seen the footage.
No, they're in stickers.
I have stickers out there.
Oh, right. That's right.
Little stickers. Those are close-ups.
Weren't you going to pass those out to the people after they pass out?
Yeah, after they pass out, I'll give you each a sticker.
I also have...
People have been giving me gifts.
But I have some gifts for the musicians here
that are on the new Bob Song albums,
which so far only exist online.
Except for right here.
I have hand-labeled copies of Bob Song 7 and Bob Songs 8.
I need to give them to people like...
Are you going to offer those in the Bulldada auction?
And you, because they're swinging love courses.
No, they're for the participants.
I will auction off...
Three sets.
Okay.
If we get around to that.
That's going to be a crowd-pleaser, I can tell.
Well, look at them.
They're going nuts.
They're absolutely...
Oh, my God.
I better turn the volume down.
The applause is so loud.
The laughter.
I'm going...
I'm deafened.
Yes, you swing the camera over the crowd a few times and say,
Now we want applause.
Now we want applause and the laughter.
Okay.
Hey, what do you call it when you put your selfie stick on backwards?
Uh, you've got me, Doc.
It's unselfie, right?
Is that...
Look at that bird that just flew in.
That doesn't look real.
It looks like a robot.
My friend was telling me that all the birds were really NSA robots.
The new droid bot.
I don't think...
Hey, be careful what you say.
I'm not sure that's a real bird.
It's hovering in a strange way in that metallic sheen on its feathers.
It must be the NSA.
Exactly.
That's what my friend...
I thought she was crazy when she told me that.
But now I see...
I know what she was talking about.
That's not really a bald-headed eagle.
The National Sales Academy?
Well, I'm used to being followed...
Bald-headed eagles don't hover like that.
That's...
The puzzling evidence drone...
That's got to be...
Obama must be behind that.
...is what I'm used to being followed by.
Or Obabo.
Obama.
Yeah, no.
What?
The puzzling evidence?
The puzzling evidence drone that...
But it makes a sound.
It sounds like a hive of insects nearby.
Oh, did he finally get one of those?
Yes.
It went with us on our camping trip.
I meant to bring it down here today.
And...
Northern California and Southern Oregon.
On the saucers, of course.
And it's in the station when we do the show.
Shrieking and buzzing and flying around.
It's a drone with a camera on it?
Yeah.
Well, that's going to be pretty unimpressive on a giant flying saucer.
Well, it's just...
What would be the point?
Irresistible.
You can't help fooling...
You just got to keep the people...
Keep the people busy.
Keep the people busy.
And it's your new favorite toy.
Right.
Maybe it has hidden functions.
There's also that possibility.
You can spy on the other floors, the other decks, you know, so to speak.
We'll call them decks on a saucer.
You know, we don't call them floors.
There's a lot of them.
Several dozen of them.
We're about to get into another doctrinal argument about whether it's saucers or planets
and whether there's just one or everybody gets their own.
But all will be made plain within 24 hours.
We won't get into the argument.
If we each get a different escape vessel, there's going to be a gunfight over the Grand Canyon.
I know that for sure.
Just the fact that I said I wanted it, that means there's going to be five subgeniuses
trying to beat me to it no matter what.
Well, I won't be one of them.
And I've also got to pick up the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam.
Right.
Smithsonian, blah, blah, woof, woof.
You've seen the list.
It's printed on the brochure.
So there won't be any arguments.
Have you ever thought about maybe they'll just be there for you when you get there?
That's what's supposed to happen, yeah.
You don't actually have to.
You know, worry about it.
That's what's supposed to happen, yeah.
After they've been reconsulted.
There's all kinds of stuff that was supposed to happen and that I've had faith about for, oh, let's see now, about 18 years.
Well, just keep the faith, brother.
Yeah.
That's right, Stan.
We're all looking to you to keep us from backsliding.
We'll be here tomorrow.
Just a few hours.
Reverend Chris Lee, I thought he was dead.
I normally destroy my wife.
Oh, my God.
He rises again.
Reverend Chris Lee has returned from the grave.
Look, he's got, what are you carrying on that?
There can be more Dracula movies and Lord of the Rings movies now.
Look, he's got light cream.
Thank you.
He's got other cream.
And I have a measuring cup.
Oh, here, Stan, right.
There you go.
The show hosts have been delivered.
Wow.
Getting show coffee.
Oh, I see.
Fine metal camp.
Bugs.
Oh, no, this light cream will be just fine.
Light cream will be okay.
No need to open that 40 gallon bag.
So this is what we call the coffee break portion of the show.
Right.
This is the best show that you'll ever see.
Yeah, this is the reward we get.
Man, thank you so much.
I was needing that.
I wasn't eating it as much as that food you gave us.
Nice hat, Susie.
Thank you.
You're still a little bit lighter.
Yeah, that's like a 49 bladed windbreaker.
That hat, you stand next to her, you'll stay cool as long as the wind's blowing.
You'll be cool as long as you're standing next to her.
That's right.
That's all it takes.
She's making hand signals.
She's making hand signals.
Wrap it up.
It's slowed down.
Is that the wrap it up, this louder and funnier?
No, she's dancing to the jazz music here at the Freeform Club at Wisteria.
More now.
Yeah.
She's dancing to the jazz music.
By the way-
Everything now.
The jazz music in the background happens to be the Monster Hunter game themes done
in big band jazz style.
Isn't that precious, ladies and gentlemen?
I brainwash you people so heavily.
And you know I haven't gotten to play Monster Hunter once this whole time.
There's three other hunters here.
Coincidence or conspiracy?
I haven't had a single chance, but maybe tonight while the bands are playing-
Something's wrong.
Something's really, really wrong.
Something's terribly wrong.
Something's happening here.
Something has happened to her headphones.
I don't have headphones on.
I just noticed that.
Well, you need to put them on, Sarge.
Oh, that's because the other- can you hand me that green bag?
The sock.
I knew something wasn't right.
Something just didn't seem right.
You couldn't hear the- it took you a while to notice, didn't it?
Well, you started talking about the background music and I realized I didn't hear any.
So then I-
And I thought-










Nobody else does either.
Our audience can't hear it either because he turns it down so low.
Well, you have a monitor.
Oh, you can hear it.
It's not that low.
Oh, okay.
It's not that low.
I check this every night.
I retract it.
Stand corrected.
My excellent hearing, I check it and if I can hear the music, anybody can hear anything.
Now I- I don't know.
That's right.
What's this- what's this channel thing you talk about, you speak of?
A different channel.
So like have a mic in the house that you- on a separate track that you could like-
Well, why don't you set that up?
A house mic?
We have the input here and we'll be-
A house mic?
There's not one.
Don't worry.
It's- we've been through this.
Believe it or not, we thought of it ourselves 25 years ago and sometimes we have the ambient
mic and sometimes we don't.
A house mic.
I knew a guy in the house named Mike once.
But most of the time, we don't want to hear you.
A many- a slip twixt the cup and lip-
That's the- is that what's-
That's why we wear the headphones, man.
It's so we can't hear anything but ourselves.
But it shows great minds run in the same track or crack.
They run in circles.
Oh, well, they do.
They do that too.
Great minds run in a crack.
Well, great man run in circles.
A groove.
How's that, man?
A groove.
A man's mind's run in a groove.
So, uh-
You see the file of how I remember your clever science?
There's plenty of business there today.
Like that, man run in circles.
I use stuff like that.
I can remember that.
I can remember that.
Beautiful summer weather at the Wisteria site.
That part of my brain is still intact.
What was that about the weather?
The weather, it couldn't be better.
Staying with, uh, sun and, uh, plenty of life-giving warmth.
After much squishy, wet, and dry weather, we're back in the house.


Soggy rain and soggy mud.
Now it seems that, uh, events are rocketing to their storied conclusion.
Climate change.
Climate change.
I got news for you.
Guess what?
It gets cold in winter and hot in summer.
Yeah, climate change is duh.
Who cares about climate change, you know?
Well, that's an alternate opinion.
We're gonna have some serious climate change between 6.59 a.m. tomorrow and 7.01.
Yes, this may be the-
It will go from, oh, 64 degrees and a little bit muggy.
To 7,000 degrees.
150,000 degrees and pure magma eruptions.
Nah, just kidding.
I think that would be jumping the guns.
Excessive.
That's one-
Killing them's too good for them.
That's just one course of action.
We'll track it out.
You gotta, you know, satisfy all the ones that will be left to fry.
But it's true.
The old order will pass away.
You don't wanna fry them too fast, you know?
You wanna stew them and cook them slowly over a roasting pit if possible.
Some, some of them are gonna be cooked.






Some subgeniuses are really just into it for the revenge.
And I'll get around to that.
Uh, yeah.
We do have more gorilla and demon forms here that have been filled out.
Oh, yeah.
Philo's never gotten to read one of those.
Philo should read all of them when we get to that.
Or maybe you'd like to do it now, Philo.
But, uh, these were turned in.
They are, are how you challenge your-
Why are you taking that out?
Oh, I've had that one before.
These are, are not, have not been-
Oh, that's the schedule in folder right there.
Okay, I'll take a look at these.
Yes, sir.
These are the gorillas and demons in your life-
In us all.
That make you feel bad.
I suspect that these were done by elementary schools to see, maybe bring out who's getting molested.
And there's a bad demon in grandpa's pants.
He touches me there.
That kind of thing.
Oh, these are, these are very interesting.
Well, you have to do the gorilla in a gorilla voice and the demon in a demon voice.
Okay.
Just for a hint, the gorilla sounds like legumes.
It's, it's-
It looks and sounds the same.
I call the one above.
Okay, so I should work these in now or just sort of as we go?
I don't have to just, just read a, a gorilla, a gorilla.
Well, they'll, uh, should we set this thing up?
There's a gorilla and a demon.
Yes, we just did.
He just explained the entire setup, so you're now free to-
Okay, I'm a little slow.
I just woke up from a nap.
Yes.
After, this, I might add, it was a-
Your interpretation will, uh-
Bloody Mary induced nap.
So, I'm putting it all back together at this point.
Why don't you, why don't you transform into the overman so you'll be, you know, super intelligent and everything.
Okay.
He never does that when it would make sense.
He does it when he, at parties.
Takes a lot of effort.
It takes a lot of effort.
Yeah.
And right now, I'm just, like I said, waking up from a nap and so my brain is reconnecting.
But the gorillas and demons in your life, this person-
This is in somebody's life.
This was in somebody's life and this is what the gorilla said.
What light through your eyes?
The thunder window breaks for it is the dawn and your existential is the bread of your unmaking.
Yeah, it's quite gorilla-like there.
Fear not, bleak of heart, for the lung batter you spit forth will clean your lackadaisical palate and you will be set free on the wings of the dark, darkest of midnights.
Weep for your soul for freedom is just another word for nothing left to loose.
That's-
To loosen.
To loose.
Like a tight collar button.
Yes, freedom can always be made more free.
That's very profound.
I have to admit, that's really profound.
That's the kind of thing somebody's inner gorilla is always telling them.
You see, gorillas come to good conclusions.
It just takes them a long, longer time to formulate them.
Now, here's what the demon says.
Thank you so much.

And I'm supposed to use a different voice on this one, okay?
So-
All right.
I appreciate that.
Thank you.
Demons sound sort of like witches.
Hey, what?







Hey, wife beaters and neck tattoos are cool.
Your dreams are the cast off awful of consumerism.
Politics are the only answer and Sith Lords are cooler than Jedi.
They don't love you.
They just want to eat your toast and slowly drag you down into the incestuous pits of
mediocrity.
Vince McMahon is who really runs the show with his Scientology regime.
That's-
That's a troubled individual.
That's a troubled individual.
That's the demon.
I think we're going to try to psych this person out.
I hate to have something like that, those kind of thoughts running through my head.
We should apply some acubating or something on that person's soul, that portion of the
soul that's visible in waking hours.
Okay, now this one, here we have a gorilla and the gorilla is saying, thanks for saving
the company.
I don't know what we'd do without you.
They must be talking about me.
That was what they were saying.
They were supposed to tell me.
I was suspecting that was Pisces gorilla.
That's what they were supposed to tell me when I left, but they never got around to
it.
She was here again, wasn't she?
Yeah.
There she is ignoring us now.
What?
What?
I think we saw the gorilla inside your head.
Now, here's what the demon is saying inside this person's head.
We know we have you by the balls because you're too pussy to leave.
Those are work-oriented inner gorillas and demons, obviously.
Yeah, obviously.
Poor bastard must have a job or bastardess.
Someone who's not retired or hasn't slacked off and quit their job yet.
You have to remember, it's not always a bastard.
It could be a bastarda.
Now, this one has a gorilla that speaks to his or her life in very short, succinct ways.
This one says, never have I seen such a goddamn penis biter.
In all my life.
That's what your inner gorilla says?
I can see why these are anonymous.
Now, this one, there's a sick, this really reveals the true depth of the sickness and
depravity.
You know by this next phrase who this person is.
This is what their demon is telling them.
When I masturbate, I like to think Ernest Borgnine is doing it too in his great, great
grave.
Rudy Schwartz, Rudy Schwartz Project.
There you go.
Rudy Schwartz Project.
Yeah, Ernest Borgnine.
He's got an Ernest Borgnine obsession.
I didn't know he was here.
I really regret this, folks.
I really regret this.
We only have one more of these beautiful missiles of faith to reveal.
More may be turned in at any time, Philo.
You don't have to have the gorilla drawing or the demon drawing on it.
It helps.
It does help, though.
to have the word balloon.
It limits your screed to
no longer than that very first one you read.
Right.
Someone is having faith problems.
Some poor soul is in distress.
They're having trouble with their faith.
We must minister to them.
We will have to administer acubating.
Sickening, glanscaping.
Acubating, sickening.
Glanscaping.
Glanscaping and nostril.
This is a weird gorilla.
Okay, here's what this person,
this poor person is thinking,
the gorilla in their life is thinking,
I got tattooed on a drunk guy's arm one night.
He thought it looked tough.
I guess he's talking about his gorilla self.
It would look tough.
I haven't seen a gorilla tattooed to someone's arm.
But his demon says,
Oh boo hoo.
I got tattooed on a porn star's butthole.
Well, there's an idea.
You get one of these crude drawings of a gorilla and a demon tattooed on your arm and your butthole.
And have your own statement there.
That's what that statement would look like.
And then regret it for the rest of your life.
Imagine this face on your butthole for the rest of your life.
Winking and leering.
Well, that part you'll have to activate yourself through your own skills.
Your skills on your butthole.
Wow.
Well, we've heard from the gorillas and demons.
But that's just to clear the air.
And now these negative thoughts, having been freely expressed, may float away.
Leaving behind our more robust satisfaction.
If you find one of these, you can never understand how truly good you'll feel.
Once you reveal these horrible, horrible things about yourself.
And have someone like me read it in front of everyone else.
Someone like you read it is the ultimate balm of the oil.
And troubled waters.
Is there an extra one in there that I forgot?
Walnut oil.
No.
Well, we have some from yesterday.
Anything we can do to prolong this segment.
Which were already interpreted.
But we didn't get Dr. Drummond's interpretation of them.
These are yesterday's day old, but still somewhat fresh, gorilla and demon forms.
And not everyone who is here now was here yesterday.
So please enlighten us.
Oh, we're going to do a repeat?
No, these are new.
These are the very first ones.
They were done yesterday, but not by Dr. Drummond, you see.
And not everybody here was here yesterday.
I don't care.
They're all going to hear it on the hour slack later.
Nobody usually listens to these things when we do them live in the first place.
I can't believe there's this many people here.
Of course, most of them are playing Magic the Gathering or looking at their phones.
They might hear a word or two when they're momentarily distracted.
The Phone Lookers.
That would make a good new band.
New band name.
The Phone Lookers.
Well, now there speaks a former employee of the phone company.
What are they going to do when I'm gone?
Man, they're so sad.
The phones will stop working.
I feel sorry for you people.
The phone system is going to fall apart.
Philo used to engineer the entire conspiracy by himself, but now he's retired and he's moving in this direction.
I'm leaving it up to the next generation.
Well, you know, when Princess Wee left weather control and retired, that's when the weather went crazy.
I hate to tell you, but she was the only person in that office who could read and write.
I wish I was joking, too.
But, yeah, if you see what happens now on the web, huh?
That'd be sad if you could read but not write.
Like Tarzan of the Apes.
Only, wait a minute, he could write.
He just couldn't talk.
Well, or like modern day kids who can read and write in text form but not cursive.
Oh, we already covered that horrible sign of the end time.
There are internet millionaires who can't write their own name.
Oh, I've got something.
There's something actually interesting here.
This is this week's Athens News.
Thursday, July 2nd, weekend edition.
It's a slow news day here in Wisteria, folks.
Their big headline was about X day three years ago here.
Yeah, they couldn't.
Intolerable combination of stormy weather and intense heat.
DiRaccio.
DiRaccio struck three years ago.
Athens Countians.
That's a new one.
Athens Countians recalled tribulations of massive windstorm heat wave.
And it's true.
The first X day that we happen to have here at Wisteria and also I hate that phrase first X day.
Anyway.
Drill.
We were cursed but the whole Midwest had this terrible heat wave.
The first X day.
The power was out all in Cincinnati, Columbus and so forth.
Pisces says this was the second X day.
Drill that we had here that had this terrible destruction.
Wasn't the first.
Three years ago.
Both the first one and the second X day drill here were beset by freak high temperatures and bad weather.
There's a power outages and so forth.
And storms of giant insects.
Of course, everybody got on Facebook and said, don't ever go.
Boy, they were so stupid.
They left brushwood just because Stan got butt hurt by a storm.

And they're dumb because they went to Wisteria and it's always 104 degrees every day.
Forever.
Forever.
Forever.
That is a minority opinion.
It's hotter than Texas.
Forever.
Well it was indeed true that it was that hot.
It was so hot and so freakish that it made newspaper headlines three years ago just because they were so.
Well, it was also that hot in Texas too.
It was twice as hot in Texas.
Give me a break.
Inside.
It's always that way in Texas.
That's why people are so afraid.







we're not in Texas. Inside this same newspaper, there are testimonies from many old parties about
their terrible experience when the power went out for 30 hours, then it was fixed, people bought
food, put it in their freezers, then it went out for 30 more hours. But the one place that was,
the power was not cut off, was right here, the Wisteria campground. Strange but true. There was,
there wasn't power in Athens, Cincinnati, Columbus. Nobody could get on the internet.
And ice was being sold for $50 a bag. But not here. We could get, it was not a good internet
connection, but you could still get out to the outside world and we had ice. And we were told,
don't tell anybody in town that we have ice or they'll come and kill us all for it. So we did.
And they did. Yeah, well, how...
And that's why we...
We're all ghosts now.
Now you tell me.
So, yeah, so count your blessings, friends, and tell the world it's not always 104 degrees
with earthquakes at Wisteria.
There is testimony.
Last year and this year, it's been quite pleasant.
People's individual accounts are in here. It can make you blanch with horror to read these accounts.
I was miserable. The subgeniuses were inside that stockade and you could just see them,
rolling around on ice.
The stockade.
And we couldn't get through. We machine gunned them. We rioted, but they wouldn't give us any ice.
Just one bag of ice, Bob. Just one bag of ice.
There were people out there dying, children suffering.
So we were caught.
We won't forget this, subgeniuses.
I couldn't stand on Facebook.
Yes.
Well, there was a lot of ire and bile left over from...
Yeah.
And people felt they were treated unfairly.
And we're still dealing with these troubled souls one at a time.
Well, we were treated unfairly by Wotan himself, hurling thunderbolts.
There was a lightning strike right out there while we were trying to do this show.
And the lightning crashed and smashed its way down the dell into the current setup of the grindhouse.
Yeah, look. Watch this. It's so promising.
And then...
Holy shit.
Don't worry, folks.
I know how that thing feels.
So sad.
I know exactly how that thing feels.
So sad.
And so...
His hopes were so high.
If you live long enough...
If you're lucky enough to live that long, you'll see what it's like.
His thoughts were just as messed up as the next guy's.
But it just wasn't enough.
Enough.
Philo is playing with the microphone.
It's got a...
The mic stand has kind of a limp brace to it where it's flexible.
It's not stiff enough.
Oh, yeah. This doesn't come through on the radio.
Well, that's just the sort of thing that we do back home.
I have a good visual gag, though.
On our other shows back at home, Philo is known for his manipulation of the microphone.
And other things that I'd rather not mention.
Self-manipulating.
As is Michael Pepe.
Manipulative fellow that he is.
Another microphone manipulator.
He's just like a monkey.
You see, when a mic is hot, as we say in the recording trade,
when you're handling it and bumping it around,
it translates into a whole bunch of sounds which you'd rather not have on your program
because they're a distraction and incomprehensibility factor.
Or you can add sound effects in post, as we usually do.
I can tell I accidentally left this on automatic volume level.
What does that imply?
When I hit this thing and made a lot of noise, everything else went real quiet for a second.
Oh, I wondered about that.
Normally, I use it at a manual recording level so that when something's too loud, it just destroys the sound completely.
I thought all this palaver about power outages had given us a jinx and we were being momentarily subjected to one.
No, no.
That was me illustrating.
At any rate, there will be power for all tomorrow when the saucers descend.
And this may be the last bag of all-natural tortilla chips in the world.
I think we better do it now.
We'll do that bag now.
It's for the taco party.
But go ahead.
Rip it open.
Oh, yeah, the taco party.
Let joy be unconfined.
What about the taco party?
That happens in half an hour or so.
It's a coming, folks.
There's going to be a taco.
I think the thing about this is the stuff you put in the taco.
That's the variability in this.
You bring your own taco filling and improvise.
I was going to bring my famous octopus taco filling, but I didn't get time to prepare it.
Who kept you back?
We're doing this stupid show.
That's what kept me back.
Damn it.
Send a speedy messenger in a golf cart up to gather all the taco fittings.
Taco fittings.
Well, here's the other problem.
While that is going on, there's also a wedding and then the Bobby Awards and so forth.
Hey, this has a coming.
I'll just curl up and rip open my can of pulpo and eat it all by myself.
Staying with the salty tentacle juice dripping down from his jaws and the tears dripping down from above
as he contemplates the evils of an unforgiving world.
But her.
I didn't grow enough butt cheeks last year.
I need more butt cheeks grown.
Now, it has been announced that there was going to be an Ask Dr. Hal show, but I guess there is not.
Well, no.
We were going to do Ask Dr. Hal for people who didn't get a chance to ask you yesterday.
Oh, okay.
Well, we can do that.
Hold on.
We didn't want to.
We got Philo here.
I was too tricked.
I was.
What?
Huh?
What?
But we are going to do the Bulldog auction in a limited fashion to take up the slack up to the.
Hold on.
Let me just get the Dr. Hal slips.
The special Dr. Hal slips.
See if anybody has a question.
Yeah, yeah.
You got to have a question.
A question.
Are we doing an Ask Dr. Hal minute?
Yeah.
A minute would probably be.
An Ask Dr. Hal minute injected into this portion of the show.
In the show back at home, we at the end come something like this called the speed round
where they play this music and then I have to give instant answers in a few seconds to questions.
Questions.
But.
I don't think we're going to do that here.
Still didn't answer that question of mine.
Everyone's too tired.
And what question of that was that, Philo?
What does a booger smell like?
I mean, it's already in your nose.
What?
You know, I mean, what is it?
How are you going to smell it?
It smells like everything else that passes into your nose air for most people.
Somebody handed me something that smelled so good a little while ago that I wanted to keep it in my nose.
Oh, yeah.
It's interesting that wherever you go.
In this great land of ours, the consistency of your booger is different depending on your geographic location.
I've noticed that since I've been here in southern Ohio that the consistency has shifted into a different realm.
Chewier.
Not everybody got to ask Dr. Hal yesterday, but most people did.
We had a lot of questions.
We had a lot of questions.
Went on for over an hour.
I'm not going to baby you people or enable you anymore.
So, and I'm not going to come around and say, do you want a piece of paper?
You come up here, get the piece of paper, write your name down, and stick it up here with a tip, and you will get an answer commensurate with the cleverness of your question.
Yes, we love big tips here.
The great big tip.
Well, look at the stampede.
I guess they all had their questions.
They've all asked Dr. Hal a lot of times.
They had their questions that they thought about their whole lives.
Not everyone, Philo.
There are still some who failed to do that.
Some people don't have any questions.
You know, they just go through life.
They think they already know it.
They already know it.
Or they don't.
If they didn't already know it, it must not be cool.
They're just not curious.
They're just not curious.
There's nothing about the world that has ever interested their curiosity.
I don't need to know about that because if it was cool, I would already know.
I know about it.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
I'm going to give me one of those slips of paper.
I'm going to write a question.
Philo himself.
Dr. Hal.
Is my eyeball on straight?
I want, yes, that's the kind of question you only get at X-Day.
Is my eyeball on straight?
A perfectly reasonable statement in context.
And I would have said, which one?
He would have said, my real eyeball.
Yes.
Okay.
Okay.
You've there given the question and the answer.
I mean, put a broom in my mouth and I'll sweep the floor for you.
One fine X-Day morn, I asked Dr. Hal a question just off the top of my head and he goes, I don't know.
Now, wait a minute.
I went, ah, I've got it.
Write it down.
So later on, I wrote it down and I handed it to him again.
Oh, he had a long, drawn-out answer for it then.
We at Ask Dr. Hal always promise to deliver an answer.
It doesn't have to be the right one.
That's the purpose of the whole show.
You ask me a question and I give you an answer.
That's how he tricks you.
There's no trick involved.
It's 100% guarantee, but it may not necessarily correlate properly.
No complicated machinery to buy.
No complicated facts to memorize.
Your questions need not be cute or fabricated with difficulty.
It's up to me, Dr. Hal, to make them entertaining.
I think we should try something a little different.
What do you mean?
I think this should be...
Give Dr. Hal the answer and he'll tell you what the question was.
Oh, that's too hard.
It's hot.
I'm not in a mood.
Not in a temper.
Not in a giving vein for such an inversion.
It's so easy.
I mean, I could just say anything.
I'd say peanut butter.
Well, I'll tell you, dude.
And that's the answer.
We can make it Ask Dr. Philo and then you can see how easy it is.
Yeah, that's right.
Philo.
I don't know.
I'm scared.
I don't know if I can take the question.
We can play ping pong, table tennis.
And a question that I can fling at you, you can also provide your answer, too.
We can give you two answers for the price of one.
First, the Hal answer, then the Philo answer.
How's that?
That would be interesting.
You want to try that?
That has never, ever been attempted before.
I don't know if I can do that.
In the entire history of...
Well, we can try it.
That will challenge my brain thinking skills to be equal to yours.
But you already have heard the answer, so you can correct it or amend it.
Well, that's true.
Or create an alternate answer that...
That's true.
...ads and adumbrates and shadows with delicacy.
And I'll give the dollar to whichever answer I like best.
Oh, now you see it's actually a competitive game and a sport and far more interesting than it ever was before.
Oh, man.
Here's a good one.
Here it comes.
Here's the pitch.
We'll ask Dr. Hal first.
All right.
I'm ready.
This is going to be a good one for Philo, too.
Here it comes.
Okay.
If Dr. Hal asked Dr. Hal, what would Dr. Hal say?
If Dr. Hal asked Dr. Hal.
It's kind of like if a woodchuck could chuck wood.
Well, we know that, or at least you would know that if you read my monograph on the subject,
Coordinated Casting Motions in Marmotus Monax, about how much wood and so forth.
But if Dr. Hal, which is me, the party of the first part, asked Dr. Hal, too lazy to write it twice, they put hash marks,
what would Dr. Hal ask Dr. Hal?
And it's signed Dr.
Oh, good heavens.
You see, the involuted spiral of this postmodern structure is intriguing because it suggests, like Edgar Allan Poe in Confronted by the Raven,
that the raven was his all along and was just coming home to sit where it usually did.
But I assure you, I did not originate this question.
Someone else did.
So I would ask, who asked this question, knowing that it was myself?
Because there is no greater or more deliberately important duty in all of philosophical discourse than to know thyself
and to ask thyself the questions which otherwise go unasked and therefore unanswered.
Philo?
I see, I see.
Okay.
Okay, so the question is, what would...
Here's the script.
If Dr. Hal asked Dr. Hal, what would Dr. Hal ask Dr. Hal?
And since I'm not Dr. Hal...
Yes, you have an insight that I lack.
I first have to do another little step here.
I have to pretend like I'm Dr. Hal.
Pretend like.
Yeah.
You pretend like you're me.
I have to imagine what it would be like to have a brain so prodigious that no matter what the question,
you could provide an answer.
An answer that may not necessarily...
They correlate perfectly to the question that's asked, but is an answer nonetheless.
By the time he's finished giving it, you'll have forgotten what the question was.
So if, indeed, I was Dr. Hal, which I'm not, and this is going to be an even further leap of faith
for me to imagine the concept of thinking like Dr. Hal,
I would say, if I was Dr. Hal and I was doing the thinking,
I would ask myself, what would I ask myself?
And then I would be in like a circular conundrum that I couldn't get out of.
It would be, I would have to be looking for a rescue rope somehow or another to get me out of this conundrum.
It's a...
Dr. Hal would probably, let's see, what would Dr. Hal ask himself besides the rhetorical question itself?
What would I ask me if I was Dr. Hal, which I am?
Because I'm asking myself the question.
You have assumed the persona for the purpose of giving this answer.
So far, this dollar is moving closer and closer to Dr. Hal because...
But who is the real Dr. Hal now?
Who is the real Dr. Hal?
Well, I...
Sure.
The guy with the eyeball hat.
Yeah, I got the uniform.
Okay, so you got the eyeball hat, so you get the dollar.
I don't have to even get to an answer.
The doctor is going to get the dollar.
So I get ripped off.
Just because I...
Here's a lesson we can take from this sad addendum.
This is a trick question.
You are what you pretend to be.
So be careful what you pretend to be.
The bottom line is, if you're not Dr. Hal, you can't really get the dollar for this question.
I mean, answer this question.
Right?
See?
But it is not addressed to you, Dr. Hal, but to a second person, Dr. Hal.
Should I tear this in half and give you each a half?
I demand a half a dollar.
Just for fairness.
You know?
I'm entitled to half that because I'm American.
I got two bits in here, a bus change.
I should get half that.
I don't have anything.
I don't carry loose change into combat.
I was born in America just like you, Hal.
So we should each get half.
Yes, you, like me, should breathe the fertile air of freedom.
But don't.
Don't be like Solomon and just cut that baby in half.
Like, you know, you could cut it in a...
Or like Alexander the Great slashing the Gordon.
You could cut its vital parts in half and then neither one of us could cash it.
I think there has to be like...
Here, I'll settle this.
Here, you take this dollar and you take this dollar.
Dr. Hal, why is Philo the way he is?
You gave him my dollar.
Well, uh...
That's the question I was going to ask.
Oh, really?
Why am I like I am?
Well, you can.
You're still good.
Just entrust it to paper.
Put it in the magic of orthography and I'll give it my usual interpretation.
Or I could, uh, spiel it out now.
It's in satire.


Time grows short.
And we have weddings, healings, sickenings, a taco meat party.
Bobby Awards.
The Bobby Awards.
Yes, the coveted Bobby Awards will be given out from this stage.
What was that?
After the Bulldada auction, which also needs to be shoehorned in with a king-sized shoehorn.
Well, in about seven minutes, this hour will be up.
And then we will switch over to the auction.
How's that?
Oh, here's a question.
And a dollar.
Thank you.
From Philo.
Uh, why am I me?
Well, you know, um...
I'm going to take my dollar back.
But, but that leaves me with only...
Go ahead.
All right.
Here.
Let's, let's, you know, do this simply, clearly, succinctly, as it deserves.
You are you.
Because, of course, you could be no one else.
The universe consists of an odd amalgam of farmers, rutabagas, hubcaps, uh, and, uh,
electric can openers, and other miscellaneous, mysterious objects.
All are odd when initially encountered, but have purposes and stories which brought them
to that state of being.
You, even you, the overman, Dr. Philo Drummond, are no different in the teleology of your
development.
So, uh, you should not only appreciate that you are you because, ethologically speaking,
you couldn't be anyone else, but because it is better that way.
You want someone else.
You want someone else to receive the benefits and benisons which, uh, uh, eternal fate appointed
to you.
I say forbid it, almighty Bob.
Philo should always be Philo.
I have spoken.
Well, I guess I got my dollar's worth.
Yeah, yeah.
We aim to please here.
Offer satisfaction.
But that seems to be the end of the questions for the Ask Dr. Hal period, so thanks all
for, uh, playing, at least by being the audience, Ask Dr. Hal.
We have many question slips left over, but what we don't have is time to continue this
part of the program.
Time is a thing of dragons, angels.
Dragonflies and angels.
I know.
The former live too little and the latter live too long.
I've, I've, I've heard these shows so many times.
Oh, time.
Yeah.
Every time somebody says time, you have to say that all over again.
Like a radar-activated robot known as Roger.
Well, friends, we're going to wrap up.
This hour of slack, because I know it's going to take another five minutes just to do that
part.
Yes, we have to clear the table.
Then, uh, we have to think very hard about the weddings, bulldada auctions and other
things, but nobody else has to do anything hard.
Everybody relax and just enjoy whatever slow motion train wreck happens to be up here at
any given time.
Don't panic.
Stop panicking.
Yes.
Calm yourself.
Everything is fine and it's going to be all right.
All right.

I assure you it's going to be just.
Everything's okay.
We're recording.
Everything's fine.
The moon is made of green cheese.
Bring you back some of that green cheese.
Poor, poor thing.
Everything will be fine.
This is Doug Smith, radio operator.
I'm going to bring you a piece of that green cheese for sure.
Yeah.
I mentioned the green cheese already.
What are the odds?
Yeah.
There was a time when I collected head, uh, newspaper articles about criminals with my
same name.
Funny how there are so many criminals with just that name.
Yeah.
They, they stacked up.
There were too many of them.
It just got depressing.
Well, especially since the, all the articles were about the same guy.
Yeah.
Doug Smith.
Once he finds out his name, he turns into a criminal.
How come there's never a King Smith or a president Smith considering how common Smith's
because Smith's derive from yeomanry from the brawny black Smith under the spreading
chestnut.
There's never.
Yeah.
His arms are like an iron man.
Right.
There's, there was that one Smith in the matrix.
And didn't you feel good about that?
Agent Smith.
Yeah, sure.
That should have made you feel really good.
Blot.
And, uh, since there was more of him than anybody else in that movie.
And he could beat anyone except Neo.
Yeah.
Do you know that series started out so promising and just, Oh God.
Well, there's always one guy.
One guy who fouls everything.
And then you have to pick up that one guy, Neo.
Uh, but that's the way things are.
It's an accurate representation.
Now you're supposed to somebody going to get married or something.
Yes.
Two people are going to get married this time.
Finally, a subgenius found somebody who would marry it.
Yes.
You know that because we both of that couple in the, in the pond this morning, we baptized
them all at once.
And they fell backward into it.
We found that, we bought one, they, you know, in our week, kind of a total failure of that


And until a wedding company got an aquarium final  the Janitor to make money
at some point, you know, I thought that would be a great thing to have him to try and keep

Hard beak composed of keratin.
A hard, sharp...
Remember that one?
Huh?
We were on the beach because we were cool?
Oh, yeah.
We were kids in a sandbox.
They're not paying any attention to each other.
Just chattering away.
La, la, la, la.
La, la, la, la, la.
I'm glad I'm so deaf I can't understand any of it.
Many don't realize that...
I'm just guessing.
Well, that's what we do on the show.
It's actually an acronym.
A fellow's name is something like John Edward Bush or something like that.
Who's that?
Jeb?
Jeb Bush.
This is the news part.
Is this a new guy?
Yes.
John Ellis Bush Bush is his name.
And he's running for president.
Can't you just feel the Jeb-mentum?
No, I can't.
Not to mention the Jeb-citement.
I just can't believe there's like 320 million people in this country.
And somebody...
And that name pops up again and again.
Well, you...
Well, you're not simply tingling with Jeb-ticipation then.
See, I promised it would take five minutes to shut this show down.
I would tingle when they shut the government down.
Anything, thing.
Shut it down, turn it on.
We are here at your pleasure.
I like the idea of bankruptcy.
This is time control where we end another hour of slack.
And yet another begins immediately.
Only it'll be an auctioneering kind of hour.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Because we're...
Is that right?
Right.
Bulldog auction.
Thank you.
Thank you so much for this hour of slack.
Yes, exactly.
Ack, ack, ack, ack.
There's that ack, ack gun one more time.
Well, it's been fun, folks.
And I have to tell you...
It's been great.
This is all going to be...
Every fun-filled minute.
...sizzered up into tiny snippets of radio,
which will be heard into the indefinite future.
The show next week.
They usually last through October.
Right.
But we're talking about entering a timeless realm as of tomorrow.
So we will...
We will never be free of the utterances we make today.
Hours and weeks will be meaningless in a few minutes.
Exactly.
And the part of you that can't stand an eternal existence
will be burned away and sloughed off,
leaving only that part which is able to go on
rather than the part that deserves to go on.
I will leave you with that happy thought.
Good night.
Praise God.
You've been listening to the subgenius...
Radio Ministry...
Hour of Slack.
For free information,
write to...
P.O. Box...
181-417...
Cleveland Heights, Ohio...
44118
Or see...
www.subgenius.com
Praise Bob!
