I've got to get this show going, I'm sorry, I'm really running late.
I got to the studio light here, and on top of that, to tell the truth, I'm going to try to do a Christmas show.
When I say the word start, the sound will be dead.
Oh no, I'm not ready to start yet.
Are you ready?
No.
Start.
Okay, oh, hi.
When was the last time?
Hello, yes, dear friends, we are starting up, oh man, welcome to the subgenius, where's that?
Welcome, dear friends, to the subgenius radio ministry, hour of slack.
Ah, yes, the Christmas special, even though you know and I know that it's not really Christmas anymore by the time the radio station gets this tape.
No, no, no, but that's all right, because it's Christmas here, where I am now.
In fact, when you're a subgenius, why?
Every day is tin tin day, yes, Christmas, and I have this special poem here to read to you tonight.
It's Christmas Eve, Eve night.
It's such a night, such an inspiring night for subgeniuses.
Well, actually, it's inspiring because of the, don't you hate Christmas sometimes?
I mean, it's wonderful, but the Christmas carols, you know, constantly running everywhere.
Everywhere you go, that's the worst part.
And, you know, the family stuff, too.
All I want to do is serve Bob, my friends.
That's all I ever asked out of life, was to serve, yes, to serve Bob and his other servants.
You, yes, you.
Oh, and, um, and towards that end, we strive to bring you the fullness of slack.
Oh, yes, even if we're running late.
Uh, we...
We try to bring you what we can of that which has dripped from Bob, uh, down his pants leg,
and into our cups, which runneth over with the joy and the love, yes, the love of the slack of that man Bob.
Yes, yes, yes.
And I want to, uh, read to you this...
Oh, excuse me.
We still have getting used to the mousetraps around here.
There's a lot of mice.
We may hear that again.
Oh, look at him.
Oh, he's not dead yet.
Hold it.
Uh, yes, yes, we are triumphant over the little mice, the bad, bad little mice that come into our radio station.
And, and we are triumphant over the bad little pigs, the normals who come into our lives somehow or another.
I have faith that we shall triumph.
And so, uh, I was, uh, uh, scanning through the, uh, subgenus.
News group on the internet, which is called alt.slack.
Uh, I was adoring him, Bob.
And so were all the other people who had left messages there.
And one, uh, Reverend S.B. Johnston, uh, sent him this, this, uh, lovely poem, this Christmas poem.
It says, well, I'd like to read it to you, dear friends.
I'll wait until this record gets to a more appropriate.
That's a little bit too.
Big, you know, for this one.
I just wanted some, some sort of Christmassy music.
Okay.
Okay.
Records.
God, so primitive.
Oh, yes.
The Night Before X Day.
An X-ist-mist poem by the Reverend Dr. S.B.O.
T'was the night before X-day, when all through the house, not a creature was stirring, not even a mouse.
The argyles were hung by the chimney with care, in hopes that Bob Dobbs soon would be there.
The children were nestled all snug in their beds, while visions of slack danced in their heads.
And Mom in her jammies.
And I in her muff had just settled down for some fun in the buff.
When out on the lawn there arose such a clatter, I sprang from my bed to see what was the matter.
There, that's better.
Away to the window I flew like a flash, tore open the shutters and threw up the sash.
The radiation glow from the new-fallen dust was such a terrible sight, it dampened my lust.
When what to my wondering eyes should appear, but a gigantic flying auto, eight cylinders,
high gear, with a square-jawed young driver intent on his job, I knew in a minute, it must be old Bob.
On the seat next to him sat his eager young dame, and he whistled to her and called her by name.
Now Connie, you vixen, you prancer, you dancer, oh let me go, Cupid, you'll make me go crash her.
And from the top of the porch, and right through the wall, Bob's car smashed away, smashed away, smashed away all.
Wait a minute, this music, that sucks.
And in the process of landing, my house he did wreck, said Bob.
Sorry about that, I'll write you a check.
From next door came a bellow, keep that junk off my lawn.
Shut up, pink boy, answered Bob, you conspiracy pawn.
And then in a twinkle I heard on the roof the prancing of wingtips.
Was Bob on the hoof?
As I drew in my head and was turning around, down came Dobbs with a jump and a bound.
He was dressed nattily from his head to his foot, but his clothes were covered with ashes and soot.
His eyes how they twinkled, his brows how they arched, his cheekbones so prominent, his shirt likely starched.
His droll grinning mouth was drawn up like a bow, and the widow's peak on his forehead was quaffed, ah, just so.
The proudest of pipes he held in his teeth, and the smoke, it encircled his head like a wreath.
A wink of his eye and a twist of his head soon gave me to know I had nothing to dread.
He pawed at some paper he'd pulled from his flaps and held them up high like a gambler at craps.
He passed me the tickets, saucers, first class, oh joy, thought I, it's the rupture at last.
And laying his finger aside of his nose and giving a nod up to his arms, he said,

Otto, he rose.
He sprang to his machine, to his wife gave a whistle, and away they both flew like the down of a thistle.
But I heard him exclaim, as he drove out of sight,
Repent and slack off till tomorrow, good night.
Ah, yes, yes, yes, repent and slack off till tomorrow, good night, good night, good night.
A fine poem by the Reverend Dr.
S.
Boe, taken while Christmas shot.
No, well, actually, I was taken off of the internet.
The alt.
Slack or alt.
Period slack, as some of you might say.
Excuse me.
Oh, oh, oh, I love, you get to, you can do that maybe once a year.
What's that buzz coming from?
That's that phonograph.
Isn't that pathetic?
Let's see what else we got.
We, what?
Oh, oh, no, no.
My man, that's too scary.
We gotta put on, oh, here, this is perfect.
The Distant Galaxy.
You are obsolete.
No, you are obsolete.
That was OBE.
Here we go.
Some lively, oh, yeah, this is, this is good show-starting music, don't you think?
Yeah, yeah.
Oh.
Back in them days, all the music sounded like,
I don't know, like, sitcom intros.
Anyway, I was out Christmas shopping.
We'll get to some types and stuff presently.
But I was out Christmas shopping.
And, of course, you know, I always end up spending more time looking at stuff that I want for myself
than I do getting and finding stuff for other people.
But I was looking at the magazine section, trying to figure out the proper service to use
to surf the internet, as they say.
Oh, and I picked up this magazine.
I thought, wow, this looks cool and trendy, like Wired or Mondo 2000.
And it's called Dot Net, the internet magazine.
It has that sort of insane layout, but not too insane.
And I noticed on the cover there was an article about net cults from Far Eastern mystics to Wild Western wackos.
And I thought.
Well, you know, if they don't have something about Church of the Subgenius in here,
then I'm going to be insulted.
And I flipped it open.
I flipped through it a little bit.
And lo and behold, on page 72 was a great big gigantic color picture of my savior, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
And, in fact, they had not only mentioned the church's news group in this magazine,
but they used Bob's picture without permission, even though it's a trademark, all through it.
And this interesting.
Let me turn that.
That's distracting.
The distant galaxy is too close.
I want something.
This may be distracting, too, but what the heck.
It's just.
It's more of a rug, you know.
Osric tentacles.
Okay.
And it goes with this modernistical, you know, psycho.
The surf in the world of the cyber pinks is what it mostly is.
Chris of Negative Land.
Submitted that new vocabulary word for you subgeniuses.
Cyber pinks, which refers to these so-called net heads,
which I'm in the process of probably becoming, I suppose.
But anyway, in this magazine, they mentioned all these different.
There's the pagan news group and the witches news group.
And, you know, the other fantasy unicorns and dragons news groups.
There's a Zen news group and Buddhism news group.
And so forth.
But here we get down to.
If you're not interested in the act, but like hanging around on cultural fringes,
there are plenty of half jokey, half serious cults on the net.
Followers of the Church of the Subgenius, a massive satirical.
And they call this satirical, Francis.
This this church is their idea of a joke.
They think it's so funny.
Oh, yeah.
They can't tell the difference.
They're laughing at it.
Well, we're laughing back at you, boy.
We're laughing at you, boy.
OK, a massive, let's say, religious outfit set up 15 years ago by a group of unhinged Texans.
Well, at least they got that part right.
Have their own news group entitled Alt Dot Slack.
Slack, you see, is what every subgenius chases.
Slack is what gets taken away from us by society.
Slack is a sort of going with the flow.
Oh, quality.
That we must try to regain.
These guys, you know, see to them, they don't take this seriously.
They don't realize that what they just said, they were accidentally printing the answer.
My friends, anyway, it says here the church worships Bob and they print it without the quotes.
A traveling salesman who smokes a pipe as if that's the only salient thing about our high epoc.
Bob, unlike other gurus, is whoever you want.
You want him to be.
Well, that's a lie.
That's a black lie.
That's a sickening lie.
He is not who you want.
Bob Dobbs is not who you want him to be.
Bob Dobbs is who he, whatever he wants to be at that time.
And you are whatever he wants you to be, which usually is a customer.
OK, so now that you've got that right, I hope.
Excuse me.
OK, then we worship Bob.
Unlike other gurus, he's honest about your intentions.
He wants your money.
Eternal.
Salvation or triple your money back is one of his top slogans.
All dot slack is fun, but unless you're at least passingly acquainted with the central tenets of the church,
you'll find it mystifying and risk being labeled a pink boy if you post a message asking what's going on.
As for a frequently asked question or fact, they're far too slack for that.
Well, it's not exactly that, sir.
It's that that chaos you encounter when you tune in to the.
All dot slack board is, in fact, is quite deliberate.
It's so it's to keep the foolish would be subgeniuses, the humans out.
It's to give them.
It's to present, just like everything else we do, that surface sheen of either confusion or frighteningly militaristic Nazi like horribleness.
And either way, you know, it keeps the riffraff out.
It's what it does.
We don't want to end up like those other.
Churches now, do we, dear friends?
I think not.
You know, this is an August assemblage.
We the subgenie.
And there's no point in just letting these, you know, get the kids, you know, humans and so forth.
They can hurt themselves with this stuff.
And I don't want to be the one that gets the lawsuit.
Well, what else do I have?
Let's just listen to Osric Tentacles for a minute.
Here we go.
Okay, that's enough pretty music for you.
Sorry.
Sorry.

Sorry.



Sorry.
Sorry.


Sorry.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Sorry.

Sorry.

Sorry.
Sorry.

Sorry.
Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
You thought he was an idiot and couldn't write, right?
You're right.
He got this pretty slick girly magazine called New Rave to pay him to write an article about the church of the subgenius.
And he tried to work in a whole bunch of stuff about ESO radio and brain rot.
And then when they found out he was one of the people who did that, they cut those references and Dan got mad.
And so now...
Taz got mad.
Yeah.
But yeah, there's this magazine with two naked girls.
It's a girly magazine.
Let's call it what it is.
You write for a girl.
You might as well be, in fact, would you not, Senator DeLuca, a pornographer.
Yes, I guess.
I have no knowledge.
You wrote an article about a side religion in this pornographic girly magazine, New Rave, which has...
Let me show the committee.
I object to this line.
I don't see where this is going.
I don't see where this is taking us.
If this is taking us anywhere at all, I never posed for this magazine.
Senator DeLuca, did you or did you not write this phrase?
Underneath this photograph, Bob clergyman reveled with bleeding head of Arnold Palmer above,
while at right, a sexy normal models the latest in Bob Ware.
I believe that was an assistant editor that put that in there.
This shows Dr.
Hal Robbins apparently attempting about to have sexual congress with this decapitated head of a celebrity,
Jaina Hyperclete standing next to him, gazing at this lasciviously undressed human, female,
a female human in a subgenius article, Mr. DeLuca, a nude female human.
May I say one?
You're a nude.
I would like to say, just, could I say one thing, please?
I dare call it, none dare call it pornography, but we do.
I have no...
I had no knowledge of either the caption under the naked woman or the close shave there nearby,
and I certainly didn't, although I may have plagiarized and indeed lied a few times about what you may have said,
I indeed never did what you just said.
I did not say what you said that I said in this article.
I distinctly recall you making an allegation that I somehow was one of the women posing there in the boxer shorts, and I...
Now, according to this article,
I would claim that the church of the subgenius I quote here,
the penis gets bigger as your brain shrinks.
This is in a family magazine, an art magazine of youthful, health-filled nudists,
frolicking with bottles of KY jelly and each other.
I had no, again, I had no knowledge of the KY jelly.
I was told that it was merely a surfactant so that I could fall asleep.
Is that true?

It's easier, and I've been using it that way ever since.
I've never used it as an analgesic or a lubricant for any kind of...
Well, there it is.
I can't really deny that there's a large-breasted woman in that magazine.
Yes, you, Reverend Susie the Flusie, this so-called reverend of this so-called church,
you have printed, did you not print this photograph of Reverend Susie the Flusie of the WREK in Atlanta,
posing rather lasciviously, I might say,
Yes, excuse me.
appearing to bow down before this gigantic cult head of this so-called Bob?
Now, this was for a cult investigation we were conducting at the time.
That's what you claim.
As you know, Cult Watch has been gathering strength as much as MAD did over the last 20 years,
and I'm sure some sort of, if you know for a fact, there have been cases of satanic memory, possession,
and there's clearly some sort of...
You may sit down, Mr. DeLuca.
I would like to bring to the attention...
I would like to bring to the attention of the court this publication, this book, Revelation X, the Bobapocryphon,
a so-called...
Could you say the... I'm sorry, Senator.
Now, you say it, Senator.
Could you say the name again, Senator?
I don't think the members, the other members of the room got...
Oh, that's...
Revelation X.
The Bobapocryphon.
That's right, Bobapocryphon.
That's pronounced Bobapocryphon.
Yes, available at ordinary bookstores.
A child can walk in and purchase this book, could he not, Senator?
Now, I'm...
You're saying now that a child could go anywhere and buy a copy of this book?




A copy of the Bobapocryphon, the Revelation X, and this has merit material which may be hazardous to a child's minimum material and deformities.
Is this correct?
Now, Senator Lonesome here has...
That is correct, but Senator Lonesome has claimed to this court that he was merely conducting an investigation of this cult for, quote, this girly magazine, unquote.
And yet, here in this book, Revelation X, we find this self-same Dave DeLuca, a.k.a. Lonesome.
Lonesome Cowboy Dave, listed as a co-author in the self-same hideous publication.
And we just don't see how you can reconcile your testimony, your earlier testimony, regarding this so-called deviant sex cult of yours with claiming to have an investigation and writing it off with your Senate committee's taxpayer money.
And the girls.
What about the girls, Senator?
And the boys.
And the boys.
And the old, old...

And the old men.
What about the old men?
What were you using old men for, Senator?
Senator, now, this is outside the line of normal questioning.
I did what I was supposed to.
I was told that it was an assignment that ye had co-authored a bill to investigate certain, well, like, say, the Church of the Subgenius, various so-called satanic or bizarre cults.
And therefore, that's what I've done.
And anything else, it's all here.
It's all here.
It's all there in your books of pornography.
In your...
You...
To...
To think...
To have to show this man's face on CNN like this, displayed before children as a role model,
lonesome cowboy Dave, it turns out, Senator from Ohio...
That three-legged man.
Is a three-legged man and a pornographer.
Yes, a pornographer.
And has committed perjury.
Silence him.
Silence him now.
Silence him.
Silence him.




Take him away.
Senator, I do remember that you had mentioned that the Church of the Subgenius had used various funds, which had to get through the government.
And it used these funds to start a sort of boy's town or some sort of work project for children in...
The Home for Slackless Children in Malaysia.
That's right.
Now, have you done any research on a Home for Slackless Children in Malaysia?
What did you find?
Could you elucidate the committee on that?
We found at this so-called Home for Slackless Children...
It said that some people from Kuala Lumpur, lawyers with pipes, had come and paid him $20 to display this sign.
Now, wait a minute now.
Now, he's a lawyer.
And they...
Well, that's what he described these people as.
He said some lawyers had come from Kuala Lumpur to make this deal with him.
Now, you showed the slide.
It's merely a one-room farmhouse.
Am I correct?
This is what we're seeing right here, right now.
This was the so-called...
This is the Home for Slackless Children to which, I believe, dues-paying subgeniuses have been funneling their donations.
When Reverend Stang or Bob Dobbs or Philodrum get on the television and start soliciting funds for this so-called Home for Slackless Children,
which they then proceed to show videotapes of Mount Sinai or some hospital in Los Angeles,
it turns out that their actual Home for Slackless Children is, in fact, a one-room hut without plumbing in central Malaysia.
And these children are forced to live in this deplorable...
There are no children there.
We don't know...
The whole...
The whole...
The whole thing is a scam?
Are you saying...
We were told, and I quote,
The children that you call lost have actually found themselves for the first time and are safe in our off-planet colonies, learning exciting new crafts.
This is what the...
The...
This was the memo that we got back from the Subgenius Foundation office, Senator.
Well, that's very inspiring.
You mean...
Then so when the church of the subgenius does too...
It's a good thing.
It's a good thing.

Although it's a rather oblique way of getting these children salvation, they do achieve it on their own, so to speak.
So there's no...
No, we don't know.
We have no idea whether they're actually shipping them off-world or if they're being stored in vats, sold to the...
To, well, our friends in...
Under Groom Lake.
I may believe Senator Hummock had a question for you.
The government has an obligation to our friends, the Grays, from Ora Reticulon.
They need human organs just as we need Gray technology.
I think that any...
This is a closed meeting, yes?
Well, there are some members of the media here, but they have signed the confidentiality affidavit.
Please strike all mention of the Grays from the transcript.
We don't want to have to get in right...
Do you understand what's going on here?
We don't want to get into a discussion of the Grays and this sort of thing in front of members of the media.
They signed a confidentiality agreement, but...
Okay, now we can begin again. I'm sorry.
All right, to resume the questioning.
Which of the Lee Harvey Oswalds, Senator DeLuca, did you send to Dallas, Texas on that fateful day?
Was it the 6'3 Oswald seen outside the embassy in New Mexico City?
Or was it the 5'3 Oswald who bought the used car on Beckley Avenue?
I'm just kidding.
I like that answer.
I never in my career sent a Lee Harvey Oswald or any man using that moniker or that tag anywhere in this country.
During my brief interim term there as a mapmaker for the agency,
I did send a man named Lee Oswald to Dallas to talk to Jack Ruby, a friend of mine at the time, about a gambling bet.
I see.
About some money I owed him, and that was the extent of our conversation.
That is the extent of your conversation.
Senator.
Now, you were a Republican at this time.
I was repugnant until la-la-la-la.
Yeah.
Well, let's see here.
How many times have you switched sides?
Oh, I'm not very succinct about that.
I'd like to go on to something else, if you don't mind, sir.
Oh, you'd like to go on to something else.
I suppose the cover-up of the assassination of the president is not worthy of our time at this august assemblage.
Which president are you referring to?
All of the presidents, sir.
I had no hand, and nor did I have any feet in any of the...
Squeaky Frum.
We would like to call Squeaky Frum.
Squeaky Frum to the chair.
We'd like to please call Mrs.
Sarah Jane Moore will be next.
Squeaky Frum, could you please fake the witness scene, please?
Squeaky Frum, do you recognize that senator over there?
Why, yes.
And how much money did he give you to shoot at the president?
I don't think I can say that. I don't think I can say that.
I plead the fifth. I plead the fifth.
I don't know whether that...
I can't say. I just can't...
Squeaky Frum.
Whoa, too squeaky in every possible way, dear friends.
All right, we'll have to call up Sarah Jane Moore.
And, yes, you're listening to the Hour of Slack.
In this case, a replay of our guest's stint on ESO radio there in Cleveland, Ohio.
Oh, I get it.
WCSB in Cleveland, yes.
The ESO radio show.
Look, miss. I pass. Look, miss.
It's a sad day, gentlemen of the committee,
when we have to drag a senator,
a once respected, a model for today's youth,
Senator Lonesome Cowboy Spaceman Dave...
I told you I did not model in any of those pamphlets.
...seen here in this photograph with Marina Oswald.
You didn't know he had this picture.
Gee, you, Senator.
Marxism is the wave of the future.
Ah, finally his true colors come out.
Pinko all the way with a yellow streak down his back.
Why, you yellow red bastard.
I'll stand... Listen, buddy, I'll stand for being accused of being a pinko.
But you called me a pink just a minute ago.
And for that, I'm gonna rip out your eye sockets.
Look at that.
I think I saw yourplin speed.
I got ya hired.
That turned out to be too much for me.
What was UV?
A magic today.


I know seventy seven 성공 all together.
One triple one is already done for her.
Rizin made my day.
You think I'll change it someday to just now?
I love it.




I don't win turns, and this is the cowboy I once had.
I don't want to see him get streamed all over the place.
Eric, isn't itón well or something?
Okay financially?

Please.
Shoot the mothers in the head.
Poor Bob.
There's got to be a logical explanation for this.
Shut up!
Brothers, it's Christmas.
It's Christmas, man.
It's Christmas today.
I want you to put your hands on the table.
Who Killed Bob by Reverend Godzilla Bloat.
Beautiful piece here.
It's Christmas.
From the tape, the hairs in Bob's ears.
Or is that Bob's Media Pollution?
Yeah, that's from Bob's Media Pollution.
The difference between slack and no slack was the time you were 14 and finally called that girl up.
And when she knew who you were...
When you identified yourself on the phone.
That was the beginning of slack.
But then again, getting the date or anything like that was not slack.
It was that moment when suddenly something went the way you wanted it to go without you thinking about it.
It was something that was totally not involved when your feet were involved rather than your head.
Slack is getting things to run smooth without trying.
Without trying.
You give up and you get everything.
It's like a submission of the self to the water.
It's like over-lighting in Buddhism.
The Atman surrenders to the holy oneness without thinking about it.
It's not give to get, it's give up and get anyway.
Well I used to be a sinner cause I truly did believe
That the Virgin married Jesus and me worth the gas thieves
And I used to give my dough to tell evangelists
And I used to give my dough to tell evangelists
But then the light had shown upon me and I found J.R. Bob Dobs
And now my wallet belongs to Bob
Yes, my wallet belongs to Bob
Well my heart is for my honey and my brain is for my job
But my wallet belongs to Bob
Thanks for watching.
Well, Bobby goes a-frappin' every chance that he can get
He can outperform the biggest without even breakin' sweat
So I gave him all my money, Reverend Stang said it was right
And for only $20, he did save my soul tonight
So my wallet belongs to Bob
Yes, my wallet belongs to Bob
No more can the conspiracy my lowly wages rob
My wallet belongs to Bob
Well, Bobby's got a sweetie and Connie is her name
And her ways could put the sacred whore of Babylon to shame
She reaches in Bob's pocket, feels around for somethin'
Hard to get her to come back, but she's got a sweet heart

Then pulls her hand out, holdin' on to his mighty credit card
So my wallet belongs to Bob
Yes, my wallet belongs to Bob
And I never have to fear, cause I know Connie's on the job
And my wallet belongs to Bob
Well, you may have your lady and your horny green man, too
Their elemental energy may be what's right for you
But someday you'll grow weary of those paganistic cults
And give away your money to the one that gets results
And then your wallet will be Bob
Yes, my wallet belongs to Bob
Yes, your wallet will be for Bob
And you will be subgenius, not another stupid slob
Cause your wallet will be for Bob
Well, I believe I am much calmer
Got the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer
Sittin' on the dashboard of my car
Praise Bob
Praise Bob
Yeah!
Enjoy the rest of the concert, thank you very much!
Yeah
Oh, praise Bob
Kill Bob
If you meet Bob on the road, kill him
Yeah
If you meet Bob on the road, kill him
If you meet Bob on the road, kill him
If you meet Bob on the road, kill him
Well, I mean, I love that you actually have a problem
with the bleeding neck stump
Hey, that's disgusting
Well, and what a lovely tune
The infamous My Wallet Belongs to Bob
by the lovely sister Melodious Chops
Recorded there at Starwood Festival
sponsored by Ace, out of Cleveland
Yeah, it's smooth
It's a smooth and groovy time
And I'm just a little bit afraid of the fact that my wallet belongs to Bob right now
I love that song. I really do. Sister Melodious Chops has done some wonderful hymns to J.R. Bob Dobbs.
That is probably my very favorite.
The background singing there is by the beautiful Sister M.A.
Actually, I can't remember her subgenius name.
And the staggeringly gorgeous Princess Wee Ardo, queen of all the UFOs.
And let's see. What else?
What else have we got? I'm kind of on a musical kick for a minute.
When we'll get back to Einstein's secret orchestra on the radio.
Hey, what is this stuff in the background?
Is this something Nenslo sent?
Yeah, it's smooth.
I've got the title of it somewhere, but I'm not going to mess with it.
Let's see.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, yeah.
This is Forms of Insanity, recorded live, I believe, at one of the Akron subgenius debibles back in 1993.
Back in them old days.
Forms of Insanity is an aptly, aptly named band.
Not very well recorded on this one.
Oh, boy.
Reverend Toth Wilder.
vocals are really something, aren't they?
It kind of sounds like somebody was using the mic stand as a drum at one point.
I wouldn't be surprised. At these subgenius shows, it can get pretty violent, it can get pretty lascivious.
At the most recent Akron Devival, which was some sort of a fetish outfit contest at the same time,
I saw things I've never seen at any subgenius devival, including...
Whoa.
Yeah, including money, and including...
Well, at one point, I looked at what was going on on the stage, which would have made Howard Stern proud.
Believe you me.
And turned around and...
And looked at what was being projected on the screens and kind of slapped myself in the forehead and said,
We could all go to jail for this!
And then, uh, we didn't.
So, the proof is in the pudding, friend. You can get away with murder with J.R. Bob Dogg.
And then, uh, we got a little bit of a
I can't get my boogie, I get it by hand.
Hey, my rebar.
Hey, my rebar.
Hey, my rebar.
Hey, my rebar.
Hey, my rebar.
Yes, my baby knows.
Now, I book it in the kitchen and I book it in the hall.
I book it in my hand.
And I'm plucking up the wall.
Hey, my rebar.
Hey, my rebar.
Hey, my rebar.
Hey, my rebar.
Hey, my rebar.
Hey, my rebar.
Yes, my baby knows.
Now, I take the person's butter and I take the person's heart.
I put it on my boogie.
Oh, man, friends, I'm sorry.
I just have to get out of it before it gets too late.
The traditional old song.
This is an ancient song written many, many centuries ago.
And, uh, the good Reverend Toth and his friends there.
In forms of insanity.
Have certainly adapted it.
In, uh, ways that could get us all in terrible, terrible trouble.
If we, uh, clearly played any of these lyrics.
Uh, thank you.
And, uh, oh, man.
I see.
I'm, I'm sorry.
I, I'm, I shouldn't even have started into it.
But I swore that we're going to play a different recording of forms of insanity.
Doing Hey Bob Rebob every show.
I got this tape.
It's got six tapes of, uh, Hey Bob Rebob.
And six tapes of, of Bob Rebob.
And Bob's money.
And, uh, it's going to be, I'm, I'm sorry.
That's just what it's going to be.
It's going to be one per show.
Okay.
I mean, I'm the preacher.
I can, uh, dictate these things.
And what, what's going on in this old deck here?
It's every kind of appeal and every kind of a drink.
And these fellows go out and turn these bottles up.
You know what they're doing?
They're looking for something that'll make them have a high feeling.
Oh, I want you to know you talk about a high feeling.
I've been high on Jesus for 39 years.
Hallelujah.
Glory to God.
And I'm getting higher and higher all the time.
And one thing about this high that I'm got it.
I only don't give me no illusions.
He meant the high that I get on is a reality.
Everything that I see is real.
That's where the blood came.
Now you need to make up in your mind.
Otherwise,
you're in for a shock.
Yes.
Go to some of the schools here in Irving and watch the kids take out their little vials of liquor and put it in their orange juice.
Or go to some of the classrooms that one young lady told me that the marijuana that they smoke right in the classroom is so strong it makes her sick.
What do you think about that, friends?
You want to do something about it?
Read this book, Education Time Bomb, The Hate Factory.
Yee-haw!
Spare the whole bunch of books of subgenie.
Spare the rod.
This rod is spoiled.
Did you leave it out?
Are you going to leave it out?
These rods are always supposed to be refrigerated with the children.
Keep the children in the freezer.
Raise your children well.
Freezer.
And hard as well.
So they'll be frozen.
Then lose.
Clear as a bell.
Him on the floor.
He'll there no more.
And then he fell.
And half a dozen.
Don't you ever make them fry.
Just render them into lye.
I see the music has changed.
So we're going to have a wonderful, wonderful change.
Change of pace here.
Don't go to the movies.
Don't go in the barbershop.
Don't go near the cellar.
Don't do anything.
Just stay home and watch TV.
The new horror film.
I cut off your eyelid and stomped on it.
I spat on your grave.
I took your luggage for a long trip that you would never go on.
And I took down your storm windows.
I cut your eyelids off and then tied you down in a bathtub and administered a Chinese water torture
in which one drop of motor oil is dropped into one eye every other 30 minutes and one drop of shampoo is dropped into the other eye every other 30 minutes.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Well, that's got me beat, Hal.
But I think the Church of the Subgenius is basically a benevolent organization.
It's hideously loathsome baby sacrifices and sick or dark rituals notwithstanding.
But I don't think they've ever taken a person and not given them anything to eat for two weeks in a row.
And, uh...
That's pretty good.
That's a good idea.
And then cut his leg off and had it prepared by French chefs and then forced him to eat himself slowly limb by limb until there was nothing left but a mouth and a stomach,
which he then turns inside out and he completely eats himself.
Now, we seem to have missed a point here.
And I thought we were going to present some more, show some more slides and get on to a little bit more of the investigation of the Church of the Subgenius.
Well, slide number 273 here depicts the motorcade in Dallas.
Dobbs, the bottom occipital third, the third of the occipital lobe of Dobbs is seen here flying out of the limousine and into the face of the escaping First Lady.
Kennedy sitting next to him appears to be laughing.
This is the footage before the CIA took the footage from him.

This is the footage from Abraham Zapruder.
Now, you can verify this footage for sure.
Certainly, now, this has not been tampered in any sort of way.
It has, in fact, been tampered.
Now, what we are presenting now is the original footage, 8mm footage, film shot by Abraham Zapruder.
Now, until today, it was assumed that computer imaging technology did not exist until the late 70s.
However, we find here that in 1963,
the CIA did, in fact, have a Super Mario paint set,
which they got from the Greys, a crude computer imaging,
which was used to change the pictures of puzzling evidence and Oswald
to make him appear to be holding that Stark Fist magazine and holding the large golf club in his backyard,
as well as the Zapruder film changed to show that the president was killed instead of Dobbs.
Now, I...
Now, after what you just said here, I would like to remind you of your own confidentiality.
I'll get an agreement that you have made here.
Now, we're not allowed to go too far into the, uh, the direction of the occipital lobe...
The truth has to be told. They can't leave the sinner in the car.
It was Dobbs in the limousine, in the motorcade.
Dobbs got shot, not only through the wrist, but through the head and the buttocks.
And, and, and, and John F. Kennedy is happily driving a taxi cab in Argentina and must be brought to justice.
And his, his...
...hussey of a wife, Marilyn Monroe.
It's the least we can do for Jackie's memory.
Oh, Jackie, Jackie, you were, you were so beautiful.
Senator John F. Kennedy.
Senator Reverend Stank Jesus.
Imelda, where are you?
Honey, man, I'm...
Oh, your shoes. Your shoes.
That little monkey of a husband of yours, he was...
He was nothing compared to you. He was sweet, but you were so much better, Imelda.
...live the way you make them.
I love when you take the plantains and cook them like that, Imelda.
I was the monkey man for you, Imelda. For you.
I love you, man.
Jackie Onassis. I wanna wear a pair of dark sunglasses.
Now, Senator Reverend Ivan Stank, you've mentioned that Jackie was receiving...
That's Senator Dr. Reverend Ivan Stank.
...several, several head doctors in Reverendry, Stank.
Several.
Several Stank and Rang.
That you said that Bob Dobbs was directed...
...to protecting the signals emanating from some extraterrestrial vessel...
...into Jackie's pillbox hat or something.
I don't know if I made that up or if that's really something that never happened.
Oh, Jackie had the implants.
Say, did somebody flip the tape?
Oh, my God.
I don't know.
Jackie flipped the implants. The tape. She took the tapes.
He took the... Jackie had the tapes.
Jackie had the tapes.
Give it out.
That's why Bob wanted to hit on her.
He was trying to protect Jackie, actually, by killing her.
To save the implant in her head.
Oh, my God.
Don't you just hate it when that happens, friends?
When your tape of the radio show runs out and...
You can see why I got concerned there, right in the middle of the recording...
...about flipping the tape.
I guess it got flipped pretty quick there.
Oh, listen to this in the background.
It's the scene from the movie Plan 9 from Outer Space.
It's a story in which one takes a week to figure out how to get back in the being and to the past,
and does theirений back wherever they've been for many years.
We're doing a full-length cover of our opening songs.


I was taking this one behind my spot until I found the clip from This is What I Should Do.
If you have a good swing out of it, I'd just let you in because this was just a good shot,
and you're not going to have time to start taste it with.....
Well, that's just amazing.
Ancient tapes of the great Joe Newman
doing more ancient tapes of the ancient tapes.
Let's turn on the TV for a change, okay?
It's the Kool-Aid Get Involved with America contest,
and we have our biggest wiener right here.
Here, welcome Mr. Don Pumphrey of Pine Harbor, Minnesota.
Well, I just can't believe it.
I can't believe that.
I've never won anything in my life.
Speak up, Don.
Let's stand over by the microphone.
Now, for your special grand prize.
I might have freed something once.
We're going to introduce you to our mystery surprise guest.
Don Pumphrey, meet Janer Hyperclete,
all the way from Little Rock, Arkansas.
Bet you weren't expecting to see him.
Well, I sure was.
I've never...
I've never been a part of a show
that's been so much fun.
I've never been a part of a show

I've never been a part of a show

But here he is, Janer Hyperclete.
Thanks, ladies and gentlemen.
Okay, now, how do I impersonate Janer Hyperclete
when I'm already doing a redneck voice?
Well, I hate to be the one to tell you,
but it's...
Well, let's just say,
it's not that hard.
Well, I do Janer better than anyone.
I figured I might as well cash in on it.
I can lick any man.
And you can get rid of ugly plaque
by running this wonderful sandpaper strip
between your choppers
just the way you want.
Ugly plaque.
Ugly plaque.
Is there any other kind?
Now, you know,
they asked me to be a guest host
on a Johnny Carson show,
but I had to turn it down.
Why was that, Clem?
They wanted our people
to supply the nitrous oxide
for Ed McMahon.
Wee-wee-wee-wee-wee.
Now, come on, people.
I'm serious.
Now, come on.
Give me a break.
Now, come on, people.
Now, no, no, no.
Did you hear the one
about the comedian
who just kept saying,
come on, people?
No, no, no.
And he kept saying,
no, no, no, no.
Now, give me...
Come on, people.
I paid money for this stuff.
Now, money is to burn, right?
Money is to burn.
Pick Dominica Honda
sock to boondlay to you.
I do, I do.
Yee-haw.
I was epistemizing
when Papa T
dropped his metallic.
The caller's really
getting into the swinging thing.
Keep those donations
flowing, ladies and gentlemen.
That's right, folks.
Send all your money to...
Dr. Hell.
Care of this station.
P.O. Box 140306
Dallas, Texas 75214.
And if you have any
leftover for Jane or Hyperglyphs,
send it to...
Sounds fair to us
here on the show.
And remember,
there's still time
to make fast tracks
to that snack bar.
There's ten minutes
until showtime...
That's exactly right.
...is over.
You are about to experience
Now, be serious.
...a full-length
subgenius show.
Get serious and call.
The way it was made...
Come on.
Give me a break.
Give me a break.
Yes, friends.
A full-length subgenius show.
The way it was meant
to be heard,
edited there by
Dr. Phineas Narco
from his
Best of Subgenius
show number three tape.
And you can reach
Phineas by email
at
phin
P-H-I-N
at
west.darkside.com
or at
P.O. Box 1247.
Once again,
that's
P.O. Box 1247
San Jose, California.
95108.
1247.
That's box 1247.
San Jose, California.
95108.
1247.
Phineas Narco
and his Best of Subgenius tape.
Now that particular thing
was starring
Dr. Hal Robbins,
St. Jane or Hyperclites,
Puzzling Evidence,
and oh, who else?
Was Papa Joe Mama in there?
I don't know.
But before that...
I'm going to have to go
to the bathroom.







We were listening
to ESO Radio
from WCSB Cleveland
starring
Lonesome Cowboy Dave,
Chaz Smith,
mixing away
and
providing
background instrumentation.
It was so nice
to be in Cleveland again
to generate
lots and lots
of that
lonesome,
sad tape.
Oh my gosh.
And it touches me
to think of
the Flying Lemur Bookstore,
which was the twisted
Steve Bevilacqua there
at Flying Lemur
was the sponsor
of those shows
there in Cleveland.
The Cleveland...
Flying Lemur Devival,
you might call it,
which was a swinging
and wild, wild thing.
And too bad the tapes
didn't come...
Well, actually,
the tapes did come out
over the weekend.

And we'll be listening
to the live
Lonesome Cowboy Dave
and Reverend Stang
and Chaz Smith
and all them
show
at some point.
Maybe coming up next.
I don't know.
Maybe next show.
Yeah, maybe next show
because we're still
on the radio tonight.
Let's not get back
on stage
yet.
Yes, friends,
those of you in Cleveland
go down to the
Flying Lemur Bookstore.
It's a wonderful
hangout
as well as a place
of forbidden knowledge.
And we thank
the good Dr. Steve Bevilacqua
for setting that whole thing up.
Oh, what was it?
One of the folks on,
I think,
St. Louis du Chez
on the alt.slack
subgenius internet news group
said of that devival,
imagine,
imagine,
all the who's,
imagine Whoville
with a lot of LSD
floating around.
That was his
capsule description
of his first subgenius devival.
Of course,
he was speaking metaphorically,
but there were some,
shall we say,
trippy videos
being projected
over some,
some ugly ranters
and musicians,
I must say.
It was pretty distorted looking.
And there was a man
making art
out of,
out of masking tape
on the walls.
He would make,
he would form
huge life-size silhouettes
of rhinoceroses
and hippies
out of his masking tape
on the wall.
There were,
there were people sitting around
checking out mind machines.
Well, it was just like the 60s, man.
It was like a swinging,
crazed
frock test
or something,
something like that.
But,
but,
but the sad thing is
there's always that dark side,
you know,
that it always comes back.
Let me finish my log here.
Credits
and
devival
detail.
Maybe I should play some tapes
of that devival.
I think I will
now that I've described it some.
This is
a live version
of the
frightening,
lonesome cowboy Dave
and Chaz
and so forth.
Although, gosh,
with the time coming up,
I should give some addresses.
No, I'll do that later.
Here's,
here's the,
here's the devival.
Okay, now,
I should specify
that this is not actually
the devival section
of the devival.
This isn't the preaching
that's coming up,
but it's the,
it's our attempt
to do the freeform radio
right in front of everybody.
And, well,
that's why we use the videos
to keep the audience distracted.
It gives them something
to look at while we set up.
Einstein's secret orchestra
is indeed secret.
Oh, hold on.
What am I doing here?
What are these lights
doing to my face?
The last thing I remember,
I was in seventh grade
trying marijuana
for the first time.
What happened?
Where's Dave?
Dave.
Dave, please reconsider.
I'm frightened, Dave.
This is the special
Malaysian breast need baboon.
He is playing.
You can actually,
when the knee breasts
are lactating,
you can milk them.
They're tasty.
You can actually milk
the breast knees
of the baboons
in order to extract
the, oh.
It's hard, isn't it, to do?
Like that?
You have to go like this
to extract the lactate.
They never taught me that.
Now, remember,
you have to,
these guys have never been
on microphones before.
They've been doing
this radio show
every Thursday night.
They've been on WCSB
by yelling at the top
of their lungs.
Yes.
So loud that you could
actually hear them
through your radio speaker.
Do I have a microphone on?
Yeah, but you have to
talk close to it.
Poor Dave.
It's going to be okay, man.
It will be?
Yeah.
Just be yourself.
Just be yourself.
Just be yourself.
Oh, no.
But it's the new Dave.
He's been corrected.
He's been washed
in the pee.
He's been washed
in the pee.
Bob, yes.
And friend,
you can be too.
You know,
you can just stand
right in front of that
mountain of slime.
You could drain,
yes,
you could be the very drain
of the commode.
And Bob can be reached
if you get your pencil
and write this address
on the envelope.
That's Bob
at
P.O. Box
140306
Dallas, Texas
75214
Yes, for free information
on the Church of the Subgenius
so you can know
when these horrible,
confusing events
are about to happen
in your town.
Send the self-addressed
stamped envelope
to Bob
at P.O. Box
14306
Dallas, Texas
75214
or
for that matter
you can write to
ESO Radio
P.O. Box
14776
Once again, that's ESO
who's been a big part of this particular
subgenius show at P.O. Box
14776
44114
and yes, so far
we've only heard the setups
before the ESO radio performance
but you know, that's a part
and parcel of any subgenius show
really, we try to make the
technical conundrums and setups
why, just as creative as we can
and they become
quite outlandish indeed
those technical problems do
and in fact, that particular creative
technical problem was I forgot to mention
the city that...
that ESO is located in
they are in Cleveland, Ohio
okay, okay, okay
see, we, we
see, I planned all that
that was something that we have done
that was part of the script
um
could you dim the lights a little bit
so I don't get too nervous and be myself
as the Reverend said
I may have a problem with my
holding my bladder
for the past seven and a half years
I've been out of mental institutions
and as a person
from a therapy
they put me on a radio station
uh, well, I guess we'll continue
with that next week, dear friends
and uh, in the meantime
fight the real enemy
fight the real enemy
repent
don't you want to be saved
