Hello, my friends. So happy to see you again.
Swag Incorporated, how may I direct your call?
To the subgenius power of swag.
And it goes for everybody.
Hey, we would dedicate to the feedback family and all the human beings and you people.
And if you all stand up, put your right hand across the way, if you could find to put it across.
Oh, oh, wow.
Oh, well, you know, you stand up and you're all.
And we don't want all these jokers up here on stage with us.
OK. All right.
Let's go. I guess this is.
Right. Right.
Right. Right. Right.
This is the.
Friend of the.
Right. Right.
Bob.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm in the United.
A religious.
Fanatic.
Or whatever you want to call.
The old little paper.
Brain within my boy.
Grip and receive low goes.
And lay with the.
Leader.
We tackle.
Love for sin.
Low.
What do you mean by that?
I'm trying to tell you, sir, that it is very.
Very possible that a very elite, very illegal and well funded command of special agents are operating as deep covers in this country and around the world.
And they are operating with full termination powers.
There's a pack of wolves in the lion's den.
They're licking their chops and making their plans.
There's a.
There's a pack of sheep on a nearby hill.
And tonight.
They're going to make they kill.
They're going to learn their lines talk real smooth.
Play the part of the rams and use dress like sheep.
So the flock proceeds.
Then they go sweet.
Little and believe.
That.
Is when the sun goes down and they'll be hungry.
We'll see.
Keep.
The.
Have to see.
They'll pull the.
The.
The.
The.
The.


What does it mean?
Seems almost a message coming from space.
But behind the strange signal is an alien intelligence that knows all.
That was my efforts to expose them have been discovered.
So I the hunter become the hunted.
All my adult life through four presidents has been spent in a twilight world of covert intelligence for my country.
Where are the moles.
who cannot come in from the cold we call ourselves the 39 steps of fanciful code name our assignment
neutralized the three pied pipers of rock music jim morrison janice joplin and jimmy hendrix
come on let's act like we got some sense it's driven you know they get high and all that
but it's not like we got some sense while they do it all right let's just relax and just sit down
and dig the sounds and this won't start any more trouble because there's enough already all right
let us call the show before you ladies and gentlemen last june 11th five times this year
god has shown me we're fixing to have a racial war the cute trucks the skate heads the black panthers
the malcolm x all of these gang leaders and gang kings in these cities is fixing to start a war
in this nation and it's going to be quick you show me they'd be in 61 in this same revival
he showed me three heads would rise up in this country and this country would be split three times
this country is fixing to be divided
this country is fixing to go down in war if you can't walk through this racial war
and violent that our nation was weakened
duh we was terrible and our enemy took advantage
of our weakness came in
can't wait until it's time
when the sun goes down
to see
they'll pull the wool over the eyes of the sheep
will pull the wool over
the ass with her sheep
and bird
foot
foot
and
sand
please


In 1 Corinthians 6, verses 9 and 10, it says,
Surely you know that the people who do wrong will not inherit God's kingdom.
Do not be fooled.
Those who sin sexually, worship idols, take part in adultery,
those who are male prostitutes or men who have sexual relations with other men,
those who steal or greedy, get drunk, lie about others, or rob,
these people will not inherit God's kingdom.
We're given this gift.
Don't you know the ability to understand?
Yet no one wants to understand.
We're given the ability to read.
I mean, read Nietzsche.
Read Thomas Mann.
Read Spengler.
Joyce.
Rimbaud.
Everything's out of whack.
People just worry about money now and deny their inner self.
Money.
Money.
They walk through the night crowd protected by money, lulled by money, dulled by money.
No least single object anywhere that is not money.
Money.
Money everywhere.
Well, not enough.
And then no money, or little money, or less money, or more money.
But money.
Always money.
And if you have money or you don't have money, it's the money that counts.
And money makes money.
But what makes money make money?
I say, what the hell?
We gotta die to the world like the clowns.
Right, clowns?
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Well, we'll just die to the world because we're clowns.
Just funny clowns.
Yes.
And despite the psychosomatic adversity,
why, which we can't talk about on the radio, why, we'll just forge ahead and just be funny.
We'll be funny and we'll spread mirth and laughter among all those slackless out there like you.
Yeah.
I know they're out to get you, friend.
They're out to get me.
They really are out to get you.
You're not imagining that.
And they will get you sooner or later.
But in the meantime, we can die to the world like the clowns.
Ho, ho, ho.
That's not funny.
That's not funny.

There's no end to this.

There's no end to this.





I'm sorry we had to run a rerun last week, although I think it was a good old, old show from the old, old station from the old, old creature.
And, oh, what have we?
Yeah, well, the subgenius mail order office has moved to the new factory.
It's true.
The Lord Jesus Christ, our new employee.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Um, oh, is that him now? No! No, that's just the clowns.
Jesus is still at the factory with the many, let's just call them employees, and down the road.
Yeah, it was a hectic move, but it's caused some changes around here,
and some of you diehard subgeniuses will be most interested to learn that we now have a 1-800 number that you can call.
This isn't me. You're not calling me. You're not calling the Hour of Slack.
This is just for information for you subgeniuses.
If you have a dying urge to burn up your credit card or something like that,
they can give you instructions at this new toll-free number.
Now, this is not, get that pencil ready.
It's not actually an 800 number. It's an 888 number.
All right.
There's the other ear.
Okay, the 1-800 number is actually 1-888, and you'll like this coming up.
669-23-23!
Yes, 1-888-669-2323.
That's a toll-free call to the...
factory, the Subgenius Foundation Mail Order Department factory.
Okay, where you'll talk to, probably end up talking to Jesus or it, or else leaving a message.
And he's a lot more polite when you call than I am, because when people call here, I never pick up the phone.
That's just the way it is, and that's the way they made it.
No!
Okay, I told you that. 1-888-669.
See, that's kind of, we tried to get either 666 or 999,
2323.
But the closest we could get was 669-2323.
So, anyway, that's that.
And, uh, and...
I've got so many loads of tapes stacked up here, I don't even know where to start, as usual.
But I'm thinking that we may just sort of jump back and forth between Subgenius Preaching and our favorite kooks,
such as Joe, and our new kook, Wesley Willis.
Well, heck, let's play Wesley Willis now.
I've had...
Several people.
Pardon me.
I've had several people over the last couple of years come up to me and go,
Man, you've got to hear about this guy, Wesley Willis.
He's this maniac street singer guy that, like, walks up to you and does a poem for a dollar,
and then sells you a CD, and he's wild, man!
And we, actually, Wesley Willis started out doing that in Chicago,
and my good friends in Chicago at Run and Gun,
and, again,
ran into him, and, in fact, gave me a CD of Wesley Willis not long ago.
Apparently, Mr. Willis is a large black man,
and he does actually have many, many CDs out.
Let's just see what the first song on this one sounds like.
One thing I know about Wesley Willis is all the songs on the album sound alike.
This band's made at the Metro.
About 600 people went to the rock show.
The rock show was awesome.
The rock show was the same as.
The rock show was the same as.
Solar Drive, Solar Drive, Solar Drive, Solar Drive.
The band played it on.
The band got down like a magic kiss.
The crowd went like a lion.
The jam session whooped the ponies' ass.
Solar Drive.

Solar Drive.
Solar Drive.

Solar Drive.
Solar Drive.
Solar Drive.
Solar Drive.
Solar Drive.
Solar Drive.
Solar Drive.
Solar Drive.
Solar Drive.
Where's Wesley?
Come on, Wesley.
We wanted to hear you rap, man.
Well, let's just skip it.
See, that's the problem with crackpot rock and roll.
Now, I told you they all sounded the same.
That's the second song.
It sounds just like the first song.
Okay, I'm sorry.
Well, now, you see, friends, you can see why I've had so many people say,
man, you can't do that.

You've got to play Wesley Willis on the Hour of Slack because he's so weird.
And I could pop through the other 23 songs on this CD,
and they all start the same way and basically sound the same way.
And I think that that's a beautiful thing.
Now, while we're still on crackpots,
it's been a while since you all heard from our old friend Joe Offrecht.
So let's just see what he has to say this time.
This is the Pringstar.
The Pringstar.
Imagine being a fat, perverted prankster.
A bearded, fat, perverted prankster.
Yeah, the bearded prankster going,
The Pringstar.
This is the Pringstar.
I'd love to be really big and ugly like Gross Burger in the movie Stir Crazy
and come up to short, skinny chicks and say,
I'm going to...
Force you in that bed with me.
My mom caught me with some pervert pictures once.
Well, actually, they weren't porno pictures.
It was just drawings I made with guys saying stuff like,
I'm a fat, sadistic pervert.
I'm going on a surfing safari.
There was a short, skinny chick.
I forced her into bed with me.
And then I drew a picture of a guy,
seven foot six, weighing 600 pounds.
And he was saying how he forced short, skinny chicks into bed with him.
And then I put a big arrow to both of them and it said,
Nobody messes with these guys.
And she asked me, What's this?
And she got all concerned and worried about me.
And I explained to her,
Mom, when I grow up, I want to be a fat, sadistic pervert.
And she's like,
Well, why do you want to be a fat, sadistic pervert?
I start laughing.
She's like, Don't laugh or I'll give you a smack.
And she's like, Oh, you treat people like sticks.
They're just there for your pleasure.
You're going to do that just so you can be horny.
You're just going to be horny and have your fun.
And eventually she told me, You better not draw anymore.
Of the way.
I was pervert pictures.
But then a while after that, I said,
I feel like drawing some perverts, some more pervert pictures.
And she's like, What are pervert pictures?
And well, friends, Joe Offric did grow up to be a sort of fat bearded pervert.
Although to this day, as far as we know, the only perverted things he does are his tapes.
And.
Well, we know how you enjoy a glimpse into the mind of the strange and the bizarre and the diseased.
And so we continue.
Yes, sir. I'm the man with the legal notices in the newspaper.
So I've got the little bit of soul story in the sixties.
I say a little bit of soul live on the radio.
My family has restraining order for privacy.
Like my dad's side of family doesn't want attention drawn to his address.
What I do.
When I cross the sidewalk is my business.
Since the sixties, we're playing with another story.
Misinterpretation of my privacy.
I got a legal to steal and he wants to run to my bonus check and my bail and bond.
See my bail and bond and seven and silver is already there.
And the story misinterpretation restraining order for privacy.
And he will surrender due proceed on us and bonus bail about a seven silver without hesitation or reserve.
And then moving the direction most affable away from said.
And you remain under restraining order.
Silence unless otherwise authorized by me, of course.
And then and then they were supposed to.
There's a legal notice to Polensic and he's moving down here and his.
Read.
Yes, sir.
I'm the person with the legal notices in the newspaper.
I'm going to give you a couple more of them.
I've got one from a school teacher.
Such the Gerardo to whom they concern telling Polensic.
This kid was just invited.
His address is about to be cleared.
What he's moving in for.
Could you see if you could find the key to?
The property has been paid for.
Give it to him.
Don't approach any other reason.
And then I'm allowed to declare another address in the neighborhood.
Under a more active status as far as things.
I want to do one for privacy that I have oldest person in the country in the family family story.
And we need certain things.
We'd like certain things to match in the description of what's going on in this property.
Of course, you're allowed to approach me here.
No.
This is one of the reasons.
I'm here to get away from the family before I explore certain situations.
Privacy case starts at the sidewalk.
I got a couple more stories here.
Explain on text.
Government assistance is a mockery to power which belongs only to God.
We must use government.
End in the end.
We must topple government.
We must kill government.
Overthrow government.
Abolish law.
Destroy government.
An inevitable utopia.
There will be no need for government or death or killing or crime.
No need for law or class.
After the apocalypse, the city of God is utopia.
There is a door for each of the twelve tribes of Israel.
The city of God is utopia.
You know what's door to enter when you die.
You must have the mark of God branded squarely on your forehead to get into the city of God.
Angels of God will brand your forehead when you die.
Are the tribes separated when they come into the city?
No, there is no racism or sexism in heaven.
You lose your sex when you enter the city of God.
All angels are homophonies.
Everyone is free in the city of heaven.
And inside the walls there are laws and kings and dead and the need to die.
Torment, fear, suffering.
No flesh in heaven.
No Christ in heaven.
No abominations in Christ.
Here endeth the word of God.
Praise God.
Oh, yes dear friends.
That last there of course was Church of New Faith.
Church of New Faith.
Some of my favorite preachers.
I'm not sure if they're still there anymore.
We haven't gotten a tape from them in a long time.
But I'm going to give their address anyway.
That's CNF at, got that pencil ready?
P.F.
Go box.
9152 Virginia Beach, Virginia 23450.
That's an easy zip.
23450.
Well, I know that went by too fast for those of you who might be taping.
But what the heck.
And okay, it really is going to be the word of Bob now as delivered by Father Joe.
Mama.
As is so often the case as I step before this podium to speak.
I have a pretty good idea of what I mean to say.
Tonight, it's going to be different.
Because I feel something that I didn't feel before.
I feel someone out there now listening to my voice.
I feel someone out there now listening to my voice.
Who's crying on the inside.
They want the touch of Bob to fill their soul.
They may not even know it's Bob that they want to touch their soul.
They may just think that they want someone to love them.
Or even just to have sex with them.
Or maybe just give them a hug.
Or maybe just a little kiss.

Well, friends, there is only one real love.
And that is Bob Dobbs.
It's the only love that can never dry up, wither away, and blow off in the dust.
It's a love that you can have in addition to that lover's kiss.
It's a love that you can have in addition to that lover's kiss.
Or mother's embrace.
It's a love that's free.
It asks nothing in return except respect.
So I'm going to provide that love the only way I know how.
Which is to ask that individual to meet with me after the sermon tonight.
Which is to ask that individual to meet with me after the sermon tonight.

I'll be waiting for in my private chambers,
going through some important papers to be better prepared.
So, back on to the written word.
Tonight I wanted to share with you Psalm 69
from the Bible, which reads as follows.
Oh Bob, bender of time and maker of slack,
forget not your sheep who walk astray.
Protect those who stagger forth to seek your comfort.
For I am lost and the lions smell my blood.
Though I am blind, I look unto you.
Though I am deaf, I strain to hear thy voice.
Though my mouth is sewn, I long.
I long to sing thy praise.
Holy Dobbs, slayer of pinks and master of all,
part thee thy jungle to reveal thy path of salvation.
Deliver thee from the jaw that would crunch my bones.
Spare thee from the maggots that would consume my flesh.
For thy words are like fire unto the creatures of the night.
It drives them back into the abyss.
Thy insults pierce the jackal
like lightning.
Thy wisdom shoots the buzzards from the sky.
Their hungry shells hit empty shadows upon the ground.
Cast thy curse upon thy enemies.
Forgive them not for their transgressions.
Awake, oh Dobbs, rise with anger and storm.
The pink one mocks you and laughs.
The heathen evokes false powers to belittle thy name.
The normal worships gold and graven images.
Their hypocrisy knows no bounds.
Their hypocrisy knows no bounds.



Their hatred knows no limits.
Show thy forth and lay claim upon thy kingdom.
Your flock is stalked like the goat by the tiger.
The hungry ones conspire to consume our souls.
They removeth our hearts.
They destroyeth our minds.
They taketh our spirit before our last natural breath.
Let not our bodies feed the hunter nor nourish its young.
Take now thy vengeance, oh Dobbs.
Wreathe now thy punishment.
For the world is yours.
For the world is hollow and trembles beneath thy weight.
Defend thy servants and devour the beast.
Take their hides to form thy garments.
Take their teeth to adorn thy crown.
Take their claws to decorate thy throne.
Bathe in the warm blood of the wicked
to sooth thy just and noble wrath.
For thy has the power and the pipe
to fill the dark with thine light
and strengthen the weak
with thy might.
Hear in this the word of Bob.
Praise Bob.
Amen.
Yes, friends.
A particularly somber sermon from Father Joe Mama.
And here I think as an appropriate follow up to that is the Andy Griffith theme.
In Pyroflatulations, the theme is the idea of the world.

And it's written by Pope Lou Duche.
Do this what the Appels tend to do?
Yeah I didn't mean that by the way.
Please.





You know, in my mind the waiting ransom
is just some money giving you the todays in the cardio.
Mr. Cugger.
The protest goes down and the contest wins.
Now let's begin.
No music.
Let's join you.
Jobsen gets some weed.
Father'll start the afterwards.
The one, the god of wrath, that one who, to make man pull the triggers of his thousand
opposable thumbs, caused the apes of the ground to spill their siana dust.
I am the first and the last, which is to come, and which is, and which is, I am in the brain
pad of every human babe.
The left hand of light, the other in thy sight, the particle, the totality, for the careful
of the great is I own, and I stand the silly formula of man upon the wires, and I should
his spirit after the image of my own, or shall find something for God, and I will run it
on the last.
I am the alpha, I comb it with the gloves, I am the changer who rides the mere command,
and my face is like the Aztec chariots of decay, full of eyes round about, I turn on
as I go, it is the wheel of men on which I lips time, I am the cattle mutilator of the
Nescaplane, I am the award, I am the star fist of removal, the paracletoid, the delirious,
the
pastor phan.
I am the alpha.
I act, and live on the heart of suggest damages.
I am the alpha.
I act, and shove knife in theinnen.

A 들어온 에� Strong Sn warehouse located on the outskirts of home 1500 Detция on your
com Tek single player and save it from censored редare rupees using school mercy form.

This is Bob.
This is Bob.
This is the thing I'm going out of my mind.
Yeah, I think I'm going out of my mind.
This is Bob.
This is Bob.
Hit me.
Hit me.
Where's my cabbage go?
This is Bob.
This is Bob.
You can hardly concern us in our current society.
Is Michael Jackson a subgenius?
What an amusing suggestion, young man.
I think the world laughs as it considers you.
Is he too mainstream of a freak?
Well, you know, this is an entirely relative concept.
I wasn't attempting to discuss the abnormal, but rather the normal,
the genetic paradigm which occurred at the beginning of time.
If I could resume my sermon, I would explain to you...
Thank you.
They just don't take it seriously.
No, they don't, but you can be the one who does and benefit.
Benefit, exalt yourself to the stars, to the firmament,
and what a firmament it is.
Don't you think it's great that Michael Jackson affirmed his firmament?
He thumbed his what?
He affirmed his Teutonic manhood on television.
Hmm. Well, I never thought he was Teutonic myself,
but, you know, I wouldn't be surprised at any revelation about anyone's ancestry.
Thank you very much.
I myself go back to the ancient kings of Scotland.
So let's go back millions and millions of years through the fog of time.
No, doggy dog, scared.
Excuse me.
Well, this is before dogs even existed, or cats for that matter.
They all fused into the ancestral mammalian line,
and here perched upon the lower Cretaceous branch is a Crucifontia,
a primitive mammal which occupies the niche of today's squirrel.
And as we leave this squirrely little fellow who dodges the waving tail of the enraged Stegosaurus,
let's move back even further in time until we get to the beginning of time.
The king of all things, and the giant cosmic egg, which I mentioned earlier on our program.
There it is, gleaming like that fabled dome which Sinbad, when he first saw it from afar,
thought was the roof of some mosque, not realizing it was the cavernous egg of the enormous roof,
the gigantic bird who blackens the entire sky with the vast span of its wings.
Well, when God had manufactured all the eggs,
out of which the fishes and the serpents and the frogs and the birds and the mammals
and even the duck-billed platypus would eventually emerge,
he called the embryos before him and saw that they were good.
Perhaps I ought to explain that all embryos look very much the same.
They are what you are before you were born,
and whether you are going to be a tadpole or a peacock or a cameo leopard or a man,
when you are an embryo, you look just like a particularly reputed,
repulsive and helpless human being.
The embryos stood up in front of God with their feeble hands clasped politely over their protuberant stomachs
and their heavy heads hanging down respectfully, and God addressed them.
He said, now you embryos, here you are, all looking exactly the same,
and we are going to give you the choice of what you are going to be.
When you grow up, you will get bigger anyway,
but we are pleased to grant you the chance to be a human being.
We will give you another gift as well.
You may alter any parts of yourselves into anything which you think would be useful to you in an afterlife.
For instance, at the moment, you can't dig.
Anybody who would like to turn his hands into a pair of spades or garden forks is allowed to do so.
Or, to put it another way, at present, you can only use your mouths for eating with.
Anybody who would like to use his mouth as an offensive weapon
can change it by asking and be a corking drill or a saber-toothed tiger.
Or a tyrannosaurus rex, one of the finest of my creations.
Now then, step right up and choose your tools,
but remember that what you choose, you will grow into and will have to stick to.
Now, all the embryos thought the matter over politely,
and then, one by one, they stepped up before the blaze of the eternal throne.
They were allowed two or three specializations,
so that some chose to use their arms as flying machines
and their mouths as weapons or crackers or drillers,
while others selected to use their bodies as boats and their hands as oars.
For example, the badgers thought very hard and decided to ask three boons.
They wanted to change their skins for shields,
their mouths for weapons, and their arms for garden forks.
And those boons were granted.
Everybody specialized in one way or another,
and some of the creatures in very strange ways.
For instance, one of the lizards decided to swap his whole body for blotting paper,
and one of the two decided to swap his whole body for paper.
The toads who lived in the Antipodes decided simply to be a water bottle.
Well, the asking and granting took up two long days.
They were the fifth and sixth, so far as I remember,
and at the very end of the sixth day, just before it was time to knock off for Sunday,
they had got through all the little embryos except one,
and this embryo was man.
Man.
Well, our little man, said God,
you have waited till the last,
and slept on your decision,
and we are sure you have been thinking hard all the time.
What can we do for you?
Ah, please, God, said the embryo,
I think that you made me in the shape which I now have
for reasons best known to yourselves,
and that it would be rude to change.
If I am to have my choice, I will stay just as I am.
I will not alter any of the parts which you gave to me
for other and doubtless inferior tools,
and I will stay.
I have been a defenseless embryo all my life,
doing my best to make unto myself a few feeble implements
out of the wood, iron, and other materials
which you have seen fit to put before me.
If I want a boat, I will endeavor to construct it out of trees,
and if I want to fly, I'll put together a chariot to do it for me.
Probably I have been very silly in refusing to take advantage of your kind offer,
but I have done my best to think it over carefully,
and now hope that the feeble decision of this small innocent
will find favor with me.
I have been so grateful to have you here with yourselves.
Well done, exclaimed the creator in delighted tones.
Here all you embryos, come here with your beaks and claws and whatnots
to look upon our first man.
He is the only one who has guessed our riddle out of all of you,
and we have great pleasure in conferring upon him on this auspicious occasion
the order of dominion over the fowls of the air,
and the beasts of the earth, and the fishes of the sea.
Now let the rest of you get along and love and multiply
and all that sort of thing, for it is time to knock off for the weekend.
As for you, man, you will be a naked tool all your life.
Though a user of tools, you will look like an embryo till they bury you,
but all others will be embryos before your might.
Eternally undeveloped, you will always remain potential in our image,
able to see some of our sorrows,
and to feel some of our pain.





And to feel some of our joys.
We are partly sorry for you, man, said Jehovah One,
and partly happy, but always proud.
Run along then, man, and do your best.
And listen, man, before you go.
Yeah?
Well, he made a request.
A certain request of the first human.
To find out what this request was,
and what it dream вел.
Malny?







Rempt of by the sensual and the proud.
Slack is the soft voice.
Slack the luminous cloud.
We in ourselves rejoice.
And thence comes all the charms or erosite.
All melodies, an echo of that voice.
All colors as a fusion of that light.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
Thank you.
The darkness.
The darkness.
The God.
The God exists in you to take on.
More likely a foot.
The God is a boy.
The boy is out of my mind.
Who's the God?
Who's the God?
He hates me.
He hates me.
He hates me.










And I am Lomeca.
and my names are
Eight hundred
and one
and my names are
without number
I've graduated upon a dinosaur's two-watch M.D.I.D.
I am the time, the age, and the span.
It is only for my own.
I am the only.
The always and almighty.
I am the weird.
The un-tied.
The only.
Yes, dear friends.
Now we're getting into a properly dense subgenius mix.
It seems.
With a little bit of the original dense mixers.
There was Dr. Howell there.
Explaining the creation of the cosmic egg and of man.
The great Dr. Howell on KPFA.
Berkeley.
And in the background here.
We hear Reverend Tommy Monster.
Who also did Going Out of My Mind over Bob.
Yes, Reverend Tommy Monster.
In Brooklyn, New York.
Finally we get around to playing that lovely CD.
And that's still what's on.
That was mixed, of course, with a little bit of the voice of Jehovah One himself.
Let's go back to that.
So then, paint boy of many colors.
Know that as many as I rule our death and bride with the drunkenness of faith.
I torment and rebuke.
Be zealous therefore.
And fanatical in thy madness of these the end times.
The time and half time.
And retrieve.
And be made slack on the ropes of life with which I bind thee.
And be made whole fulfilled with the soil of my droppings of manna.
Which passeth through thy bowel cleanly.
So, anoint thyself in the graven image tubes.
And my radiance of atoms shall split in twain.
And thy seat shall be broken as I decree.
And thou shalt therefore be fruitful and multiply.
That thy children will be remade in the image of their God.
And shall be over thou.
That thy tomb is.
Uh, yes.
It's so nice to hear.
The word of God recorded through a computer.
Yes, that was God himself speaking.
And now we'll go on to something else we're not quite sure what.
Missile.
At New York City.
In Manhattan.
Oh, at least it was only one.
This time I seen the eyeballs melted in the holes.
The flesh fell off the face.
I saw, it looked like five, ten million people in Manhattan.
Killed.
By this bomb.
I mean, New York City was destroyed.
I saw Washington, D.C.
A missile hit it it was destroyed.
Cincinnati.
Detroit.
Chicago, Saint Louis.
I saw Atlanta, Georgia.
The missile hit right at the...
That's a lot of missiles.
And I saw the Lord just let me have an open view of Atlanta
I seen it, Atlanta didn't have all the expressways.
Then, but...
That's it.


I saw Atlanta had all had expressways leading out of the cities.
Every direction Atlanta had huge expressways.
Interstate leading out of the city.
And I saw folks were trying to get out of Atlanta and ever toward Birmingham,
toward the south, toward the north, toward the west.
Every expressway was jammed in the traffic with bumper to bumper and the radiation.
It was catching up with them.
People got out of their cars and they started running.
And their legs had fallen off.
Whoa.
Their eyeballs had run out of their heads and their tongues had consumed away.
And their bodies would just burn.
While they was running, I'd see them running with half the meat.
The face just running down.
The face would be as flame.
Running.
Running.
You can't run from your own legs.
They was caught.
They was destroyed.
I saw it hit down the railroads in Birmingham.
Scrap mowings, keels, heads.
I seen heads.
I seen New Orleans, Louisiana hit the railroads down there.
And I seen human heads.
Arms and legs going through the air.
She ain't got no legs.
I saw it hit Houston.
Launch that head.
San Antonio.
Dallas and Fort Worth.
Costa, Oklahoma.
Yeah, I'm crazy.
As they messy bug about Jesus.
Christ my Lord.
He's the very best thing that's ever happened to this old country boy.
You may not want to hear what God's got to say.
You may think I'm something that.
But this thing's at hand.
This thing's at the door.
We're fixing to have that racial war that's gonna weaken us.
Bummer.
This thing's at hand.
Give him your life and you'll be crazy about Jesus like me.
I'm just gonna give you a little bit of a break.
Because the professional pornographers and smut dealers aren't gonna lie down and just give up.
They're gonna test every land of the law.
Yeah, I'm gonna test every land of the law if I possibly can.
I'll tell you that.
We're gonna try to get away with as much as we can possibly get away with.
While making as much money as we can possibly get away with.
Because when it comes down to it.
Like the feller there from that.
That movie June or whatever it was.
Was saying it's uh.
Yeah, Henry and June.
It's what it comes down to is the money.
Speaking of which.
We used to have a one.
Well, we do have a 1-900 number.
But I can't tell you about it.
I can play stuff that was cut from the 1-900 number.
For being too obscene.
But yet is probably just fine for the radio.
Friends, this is Mistress Connie's confidential.
I'm gonna go.
Hotline.
Uh-huh.
I figured you'd call.
I thought you were a masturbator.
Oh, don't try to deny it.
You have been bad.
Very, very bad.
Bad subgenius.
Quote me.
Book of the subgenius.
Page 132.
Paragraph 3.
Write this instant.
I didn't think you could do it.
And the ledger of souls here shows that you haven't spent more than $10 on holy church
products in two years.
Some high priest of sacred abnormality you are.
Well, bitch goddess Connie Dobbs knows just right.








What to do about that?
Don't try to wheedle your way out of this.
You're gonna get what's coming to you.
And I think you know just what that is.
That's right, you slackless backslider.
The punishment cone.
Go get it right now.
Bring it to me.
Not that way, you idiot.
Wipe off the Devo blood first.
Now, see this.
You know what this is, don't you?
Well, I want you to take those big red straps and strap it to your head.
That's right, your head.
Do as I say.
Can't you understand?
I'm not a priest.







I understand English, you worm.
God, you look ridiculous.
You have no idea how pathetic you look to me right now.
I wish your so-called guru Bob could see you now.
Some warrior of endless slack.
Wouldn't he be impressed?
Why, you'd make even Bob puke.
Well, I'm gonna beat the pingness out of your withered little soul.
And then after that, I'm gonna beat the Yeti back into it.
Now get down on our knees, you whining bobby.
Mindless, useless, little cult fanatic slack vampire.
You're not worthy of kissing Bob's mighty toes.
Assume submission posture number three.
Mistress Connie commands you now.
Get into those restraints right now.
Hurry up, that's it.
Just like a little doggy.
Grobby, you slutty little slave.
Worship me, beg.
Take that, and that, and that.
Now here's one for good measure.
You never know pleasure until you've tasted real pain.
You'll never know slack until it's been taken away.
So I guess that makes this your lucky day, doesn't it?
Silence that whimpering.
You're playing by my rules now, buster.
Put on that mask.

That's it.
Over your head.
Strap it on tight.
Ooh.
Now I'm gonna button those eye flaps shut so you can't see what I'm going to do to you.
Now bend down and I'll lock you into position.
Now listen closely to me.
I'm going to put something up against your mouth.
Something warm and hot and juicy.
And you're going to eat it, slave.
But you're not just going to eat it.
You're going to eat the hell out of it.
Now dig in, you pink little piglet.
Oh.
Oh.
All right.
That's enough.
I cook a pretty mean hamburger, don't I?
Say it.
You cook a mean hamburger, Mr. Skani.
Say it.
All right.
You're excused until next time.
Banish yourself from my presence.
Everybody will see you for what you are, some soft, slimy bottom feeder who voluntarily
lives in a cage of laws, sucking up crap and garbage filtered from the real world by
your screen of laws.
Oh.
I get it.
I feel like I'm being
Who would you besehen
with killing God or tribes?

harm than slack entrees.
Then you.
Than eat your meat.
Within one or two hours.
Old man, your talent in life is keeping people convinced that they should feed, protect,
and obey you because of your flapping mouth.
You and your laws stink of lingering death, old man.
An old geezer who doesn't do anything but hang around a courthouse every day, all day
long, and who gets his power from those millions of laws, laws, laws, isn't gonna mind if they
pass more and more laws to restrict freedom because you don't want people to be free to
tell you, go to hell, old man.
Your laws perpetuate the rule of the over-aged and unfit.
You got everybody convinced that we need wise old men like you to run things and make decisions
because you have experience.
Yeah, well, the experience you got from World War I led straight to World War II.
You do, old man.
That's the value of your damned experience.
Who says you're wise?
You do, old man.
You have to keep reminding us that your age and learning have brought wisdom or people
might wake up and realize that the decisions, the laws, the orders of old men like you through
the ages have been the cause of every war, have been the cause of industrial wage slavery
and poverty.
Old men like yourself.

You pump poisons into the air and water for money, money, money, and all while you keep
your mouth flapping so nobody will notice that you're incompetent and screwing it all
up, old man.
Yeah, you sit there today surrounded by your armies and police and command a herd of sheep
who are even more stupid and wretched than yourself and your laws, your million and one
nitpicking, ponderous, stifling laws.
You're a million and one.

Your laws protect you from me, old man.
Suckin' on a young man's blood.
The body of his mother rotting in the summer ground, he fled the town.
Went down south and crossed the border.
Bob's Slack Time Funhouse is a product of the Atlanta Church of the Subgenius polymorphously
perverse local radio outreach ministry.
And yes, I'm a fan.

My brethren and sistren in, under, through, and around, but never over, Bob.
And Connie, this show right here is Bob's Slacktime Funhouse.
And I'm your polymorphously indeterminate master of ceremonies and pastor for this Sunday morning of religious observances and related Bobfoolery, Reverend Dr. Nolan Void.
This is a religious show, after all.
And, in fact, I have even had a very much sort of a religious experience myself just recently, which I will share with you at incredible length and greater detail than you can probably stand.
But that's the nature of this religion, my friends.
You get to ranting and venting about all those cool things that Bob does to you.
And, well, time just gets to fly.
But before that, I've got some other things I want to share with you.
Yeah, but you ain't going to.
No, sir.
Dr. Nolan Void?
We're going to have to give you some more time next week.
Yes, friends, from WREK in Atlanta.
An excerpt there from Dr. Nolan Void's Bob's Slacktime Funhouse.
Yes, dear friends.
Or every law of the land, excuse me.
They're going to find loopholes in ways and means to push the products that they want to push.
And you've heard it said that the pendulum swings from one extreme to the other.
Well, many people have been saying optimistically that we've had all the nudity.
We've had all the nudity.
We've had all the filth and smut the nation can stand.
Not quite.
And that the pendulum is about to swing the other way.
Yeah.
Well, David Wilkerson says that he wishes that were true,
but he fully believes from his vision that the flood of filth that he's seen coming
is the same kind of flood spoken of by the prophet Nahum.
Oh, the flood of Pernambuco.
And in Nahum 3, chapter 3, verses 5 and 6, it says,
Behold, I am against thee, saith the Lord of hosts,
and I will discover thy skirts upon thy face,
and I will show the nation.
thy nakedness, and the kingdoms thy shame.
And I will cast abominable filth upon thee,
and make thee vile, and I will set thee as a gazing stock.
That doesn't sound very good.
I feel so pure, so strong, so new, Henry.
You and I together, not any man or woman together.
Yes.
I'm gonna demand everything of you.
Even the impossible.
Because you encourage it.
Maybe I should get down on my knees and worship you.
I'm going to undress you.
Vulgarize you a bit.
Vulgarize?
Lift up your dress.
No, Henry, not here.
I'll teach you things.
And milliate you a little.
I'll teach you a little.
You're gonna have to wrap your leg around me.
Yes, leg.
This is getting a little bit too scary for radio.
Reagan's polyp.
I like to talk to waiters, or janitors, about pleasure.
Any woman in a brown uniform vacuuming a supply closet deserves to hear of how I take my pleasure.
I use products exclusively designed at the Colorado-Little-Town Institute of Technology, or CLIT, manufacturing personal devices of unspeakable filth since 1951.
My favorite product is this.
The call annulator.
It gives literal meaning to the phrase, tear yourself anew.
I have already installed four new orifices in my body so that I may interface with up to six creatures at once, transfixing my body with all men of religious impatience emanating from the depths of my brain.
It's a source of pride.
Pleasure is so important.
Pleasure is so important.
Pleasure is so important.
Remove the ghost woman. Prepare her for our pleasure.
And then there's the chicken bone love fetish.
I got on top of a horse. I got on top of a horse.
I got on top of a horse. I said I got on top of a horse.
So what?
Delicious little catties. Delicious little catties.
Delicious little catties. All touching my body.
This is what the Lord has showed David was there to be a temporary setback for smut.
But again, the Bible seems to indicate in the last days that the hearts and intentions of men are towards evil.
And they love pleasure more than they love God.
So things are going to continue to deteriorate.
In page 50 in the book On the Vision by David Wilkerson.
Uh, yes friends, he may be right.
And if you want more pleasure, then please write for free information from the Church of the Subgenius.
You can write to Bob. Yes, Bob.
Hey, where'd my background music go?
At Bob at Box 140303.
306 Dallas, Texas 75214
Once again, that's Box 140306
Dallas Texas 75210
You can just drop us a self-addressed stamped envelope,
and we'll send you some information about other subgenius information that you can get your hands on
that we can't just advertise madly over a public radio station like this since we're not paying for it.
Once again, that's Bob at P.O. Box 140303.
Bob at P.O. Box 140303.
Once again, that's Bob at P.O. Box 140303.
Box 140306 Dallas, Texas 75214.
And if you already know what you want and have that credit card number,
you can, of course, call 1-888-669-2323.
Don't be scared.
It's only a coincidence.
He talks about the sin of Solomon is coming.
Coming, coming, coming, coming.
I feel so much better having done that.
Well, we will dip back into some slack in a moment here
after we've all kind of rearranged our clothing and that kind of stuff
and kind of popped over the waves in the background.
I feel inundated with slack myself.
I feel it.
Ooh.
It's even flowing through my body.
I feel like a sponge, and I haven't really absorbed enough yet
to have a real good night.
And I'm kind of wondering if folks out there are soaking it up or what.
Are they saturated?
I know that water in your ear isn't usually really good,
but if you lie down and let it run out, it's kind of a pleasurable sensation.
Yeah, almost like the trickle-down theory, but it really, really works.
Right.
So trickle-out theory, perhaps.
One of the things that the Lord showed David Wilkerson
is that the sins of Sodom will be repeated again,
and our generation.
And, of course, the homosexual attacks by the Sodomite mobs
trying to molest innocent people.
If you go back into the book of Genesis,
and we remember Abraham and Lot, their relationship,
and how Lot lived in the city.
And one day the angels came to visit Lot,
and the men of the city pounded him,
tried to knock down the door of his home,
trying to get in there and have relations with the angels.
And, of course, that's one of the major reasons
that God destroyed those two cities
was because of their...
sins.
But the Lord has shown him that during our day and time
that there will be wild, roving mobs of homosexual men
that will publicly assault innocent people in parks and on the streets.
And, again, you know, when this was written back in the early 1970s,
that sounded pretty far-fetched.
Who would ever believe that things could degenerate to that point in America?
But, again, as we look at what's going on in the national scene
and the news and radio,
and newspapers,
this is not as far-fetched as it once seemed.
The groundwork is being laid for that.
Laid for that.
Laid for.
Laid.
Laid.
Laid.
