Your T-Zone is your true proving ground for any T-Zone.
Yes.
Each week at this hour, the strange and unusual...
So Genius, Our Role Swatch!
Oh, that such a thing could have happened here.
Here in my own house.
Oh, what a pity.
But I never dreamed such a thing could happen here to us.
Yes, I remember saying distinctly...
Oh, oh!
Yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Dear Diary,
It has occurred to me today that my dearest human has never sniffed my backside.
I must bond with him in different ways.
Like my father always used to say,
if you want someone to look you in the eye,
make sure that your mouth smells exactly like your butt.
It's difficult to argue with that logic.
And so I have eaten some rotting earthworms in preparation for my dear human's return,
as well as one of my friends.
And I have a pair of his socks.
Bob says, too much is always better than not enough.
The sad weekly self-denial preached by the New Age movement is pure conspiracy pabla.
The true son or daughter of Bob knows that our universe is no laid-back, home-chanting cosmos,
but an active, tumultuous, squirting universe bent on rampant reproduction and easy-going.
He grins.
The false cults may try to teach personal transformation,
psychic development,
human potential.
But Bob goes straight for the glands and seeks to amplify the self,
to bloat the abnormality potential of his pupils.
Only through excess can one contact the lower self,
where the real decisions are made.
Don't just eat a hamburger.
Eat the hell out of it.
The advanced initiate, once freed from conspiracy programming,
as well as the worldly goods that had enslaved him,
makes his pilgrimage to Dobbs Town,
the church's fabulous walled encampment deep in the jungles of Malaysia.
There, the initiate's third nostril is surgically opened by psychic surgeons,
allowing him or her to whiff-read the psychic stench
of those around him.
He masters the mystic sciences of schizophreniatrics and memory editing,
creating a clean slate on which Bob may write.
The art of excremeditation is taught,
whereby the mind is voided upon the great throne of relief.
What is it that truly sets Bob apart from other would-be holy men and self-appointed gurus?
Everything.
Everything.
Bob has always existed.
There have always been Bobs.
Every epoch of man's history has had its Bob.
Most were what we would call good Bobs.
Others?
Well, we didn't dwell on that.
Dear diary, it's not so much that I miss my testicles.
I know it's a rite of passage in our pack,
and I'm sure that my dearest human has had his removed as well.
But when that one bulldog comes to the dog park,
and parades his testicles around,
I can't help but notice how Ginger looks at them.
I love Ginger.
To be fair, I will admit,
he has a fine-smelling butthole.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
This one's not exactly a rerun.
It's partly made from episode number 139,
which was itself culled from shows numbers 4, 5, and 6,
with lots of G. Gordon Gordon,
back when he was living in Bolivia but visiting Dallas.
Incidentally, he now lives in Porto, Portugal,
which is a port where they ship out lots of port.
And he's the second oldest subgenius we know.
He turns 80 in a week.
Only Reverend Zaphod is older, and only by one month.
And let me tell you a true fact, friends.
80 is the new 80.
It's also the same old 80.
Which is pretty dang old.
We did a birthday song for G. Gordon Gordon,
but we can't play it this week,
because we don't want to spoil it for his birthday next week.
Anyway, the young Gordon is on this episode a lot
from back in the days when we thought 45 or so was really old.
Doctor, doctor, here.
Take some more of this.
Have some of that.
Maybe the show will finish,
and we'll get to make another one.
Oh no, more prescriptions again.
I don't know if I can keep up with all these prescriptions
and all these callers and all these fake shows.
Oh my God, this subgenius thing.
It's more than acting.
I can't.
I mean, man, I don't think I can keep up with it.
I mean, it's like there's too much of it.
There's all these letters that come in the mail,
these weird magazines, these characters that show up.

They're all in the door.
These bobbies.
They want to know things.
They want to know how to run their lives.
What should I do?
Everybody's saying about this, about my girlfriend.
My girlfriend doesn't want me to worship God.
What should I do?
What should I do, man?
That's what I want to know.
I'll tell you what you should do.
It's like, doctor, you should do this.
No head launching, doctor.
Oh.
Take the pills.
Oh.
Light the fire.
Oh.
Try some of this false slack.
But we can't talk about that because it would leave this station open to libel and slavery.
That's our lawyer now.
Oh my God, he's here.
Gee, I feel much better now.
Oh, man.
That's because Bob sent this for you.
God.
You're a normal soul.
You're amazing.
You can drink them.
You can smoke them.
You can eat them.
I don't know.
Who knows what you can do.
You can even snort, don't you?
I'm rubbing one up under my gums here.
I'm going to try a line of this human soul here if you'll excuse me now.
Oh.
Oh.

Now that's what I call soul.
Oh.
Let me try some of that.
Oh.
Jesus.
That must have been a fairly intelligent normal.
Oh, no.
That wasn't a normal.
That was some of the...
God, I think I got some of his memories off of that.
Wow.
Yeah.
It's like I'm seeing this little woman in the 40s just for a second.
It's probably the guy's mom.
Yeah.
God, you can snort their souls.
Yeah.
And these little primal memories come back.
You've just got to give them final unction and dry them out first.
Okay.
God, how long have you guys known about this?
I mean, was this something the Indians had down there?
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's too rainy to light a fire to smoke a soul a lot of times, so they just dry it and keep it with volcanic rock as an absorbent.
Oh, absorbent.
And they just grind it up and snort it through huge, huge canes.
But they didn't have the technology to extract souls.
I mean, how'd they get them under pressure?
How'd they get them into the canisters?
They don't do it that way.
They just feed them the right amount of herbs and plants, and the soul just drips out of the nasal and anal and...
You're kidding.
No, it just...
Why can't we do that?
We can if we've got the right pills.
But...
It's kind of, you know, it's all organic.
What?
I mean, you know, there's two ways you can extract.
You can go high technology, or you can go with just kerosene and a couple of guys with...
Why did Bob set up these extraction machines?
I mean, what's with these immaculate...
Well, all you gotta do is you dig a little pit.
You dig a little pit in the ground, you line it with plastic, peg down with wood, and then you put the body in.
A normal, right?
Yeah.
Any normal?
Any normal.
Any normal that isn't dead yet.
The stole is still in him, right?
Uh-huh.
Okay.
Then you cover him with kerosene and acetone.
And then you just jump up and down on him until it turns kind of green and thick.
Then you remove him, strain the liquid, then you boil it, and you add sulfuric acid.
But then there's some kind of ritualistic...
I mean, what actually causes the transmutation?
Well, there's a group of people around the pit adding a psychic element of the alchemy, you see.
They concentrate.
Oh, yeah, because they don't have the soul amplifier.
Right.
So it's just done with psychic methods.
Oh, man.
And then after it's boiled...
God, that's incredible.
After it's boiled, they add...
A bunch of Brazilian tribal jungle people...
Ambulibians.
Ambulibians.
Both.
They both do it.
In the lowlands on both sides there.
And then you boil...
They boil the soul.
They actually boil the soul.
Little combo souls.
Yeah.
They boil...
And little coya souls, too, you know?
And they boil them.
And then when it starts to boil, they boil the soul.
When it starts to thicken, they add another liquid.
It's some kind of corrosive, I believe.
And then it turns into a thick white paste, and they just spread the soul out into the
sun, and it dries.
And then you just have to chop it up.
They'd probably think we were idiots for crystallizing them and compressing them.
Yeah.
I mean, it's...
It probably doesn't cost them...
It costs them a couple of necklaces or a taper.
Well, they don't need electricity to do it.
Their pet taper.
Yeah.
Well, it's...
It's the most expensive they've got.
And it would cost us a hundred grand a year to keep these things pumping.
Well, you see, we use a lot of...
And not to mention the bodies and the souls and getting rid of them and storing them.
See, the body dissolves.
The body dissolves in the solution completely.
Well, do you do up the body, too?
No, they just strain it out with a solid waste.
What do they do with that?
With that?
They put it on the...
They press it into little cakes and burn it, like for fires and stuff like that.
They usually give it back to the guy's family.
How come the...
How come they...
How come that this was...
Like...
How come the...
The western civilization didn't discover that?
Well, you see, it's because...
How come they haven't been ripped off yet?
How come we didn't rip them off?
Well, because we can pay for soul and get it a lot cheaper from them than doing it up
here, because, you know, like down there, nobody complains if you go through four or
five hundred bodies in one night, you know?
You can sit around and smoke all of a sudden and get a lot of money, and you know, and



you can't sell soul you want to.
Yeah, I guess it would be kind of questionable to...
They got a lot more soul...
...to be digging pits in your backyard and throwing normal bodies in there.
Well, it's just little pressed cakes.
Trampling them.
Noisy, if nothing else.
It's just little pressed cakes.
Most people barbecue on them later, you know?
Well, the senator got indicted.
Bob never forgot him.
You see?
Well, and then we've got to give half of them away to the...
Whatever, wherever they're taking on Jupiter...
Well, of course...
Well, here's the thing.
I have to...
I have to...







I have to cut in there on that.
I can't play the rest of that because there's no...
You really shouldn't know about the...
Where the canisters go.
That was an old show.
That was Hour of Slack number four.
Or, no, it was number six.
Hour of Slack number six.
I doubt if any of our current listeners heard that.
It's about two and a half years old.
Or two...
Less...
Around two years old.
Something like that.
And you are listening to the Hour of Slack.
The radio ministry of the Church of the Subgenius.
We've had a couple of people call up and say, what is...
What...
What are you?
That's always the question.
What are you?
They don't say who.
And is this on all the time and why?
And yes, we've been at this...
Place on the dial.
89.3 FM for about two years.
Nine o'clock Sunday night.
You tune in.
Learn the Word of Bob, dear friends.
The Word of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
The master of Slack.
The salesman of the universe.
The one man qualified to sell the universe and to invest your soul wisely.
Because we don't smoke or otherwise consume the souls of true subgenius listeners.
Those of you who are true subgeniuses, who really comprehend Slack,
those of you who truly understand the power of Slack and your need for Slack,
Slack, your souls are kept, are saved in canisters, but never sold by us and never used or in any way abused.
Only those of the, oh, those pathetic, those fashionable,
those who want to join the church of the subgenius just to be fashionable,
those who run down and buy the book of the subgenius so they can leave it on their shelves
so everybody can see it, but they never read it.
And if they do read it, they don't see nothing between the lines.
Not a thing. Uh-uh. Nope.
Or those who buy subgenius tapes or T-shirts or whatever just to show off like they were cool,
like they knew what was happening, baby.
Those are the ones who will fry, fry.
Where? In Bob's pipe, my friends.
In Bob's pipe.
Bob's part. Yay.
Shut up! I'm not done talking to you!
Wait.
The triple keyboard operates an echo chip.
Resonating bars make a phone.
It's something that rather resembles a mercury xylophone.
I'm getting tired. I don't know if I can keep up.
But I believe I actually enjoyed it.
To the last mutant, mutant, mutant.
That's me!
Civilized men were so frightened by talking AIDS.
Let it get away, doctor.
But how does one control?
A 400-pound gorilla.
I'm a doctor, not an animal trainer.
I'm a doctor, not an animal trainer.
That thing's got the balls as long as my middle finger.
Oh, no!
You think the unthinkable.
This radiation is beautiful.
Yes, doctor's beautiful.
Please, please, please, cover your faces.
That's the doomsday bomb.
Do you know what that means?
Do you know what that means?
Do you understand?
Do you understand?
Illusions!
Illusions!
Oh!
...who tended so much so that young Master Shemmy on his very first aboutch at the very dawn of proto-history,
seeing himself such and such, when playing with thistle words in a garden nursery,
Griefer Trophio at Fig Street, 111 Shovel in Old Holland.
Would we go back there now for sounds, pillens and scents?
Would we now for annas and annas?
Would we for full score eight and a loretta?
For twelve blocks one bob?
For four testas one gross?
Not for a deaner!
Not for Joe!
Dictated to, of all his little brethren and swisterines, the first riddle of the universe.
Asking, when is a man not a man?
Telling them, take their time, young friars, and wait till the tide stops,
for from the first his day was a fortnight,
and offering the prize of a bittersweet crab,
a little present from the past,
for their copper age was yet un-minted, to the winner.
One said, when the heavens are quakers.
A second said, when Bohemian lips.
A third said, when he know, when hold hard a jiffy,
when he is agnostic and determined to.
The next one said, when the angel of death kicks the bucket of life.
Still another said, when the wine's at wit's end.
And still another, when lovely woman stoops to conk him.
One of the littliest said, me, me, sen, went to conk.
Papa, papa, the harbour.
One of the wittiest said, when he yate ye yablekooken,
and he's mere zee self soo-sooken.
Still one said, when you are old, I'm grey, fall full with sleep.
And still another, when weed dead a walkner.
And another, when he's just only after having been semi-sized.
Another, when, yea, he hath no mananas.
And one, when those pigs, they begin now that they will,
flies up into the luft.
All were wrong.
So Shem himself, the doktator, took the cake,
the correct solution being,
I'll give it up,
when he is a, yours till the rending of the rocks,
sham.
Shem was a sham, and a low sham,
and his lowness creeped out first via foodstuffs.
So low was he that he preferred Gibson's tea-time salmon,
tinned, as inexpensive as pleasing, to the plumpest roe-heavy lax,
the miskiest par of smoked trout that there ever was gap between Leaslip and Island Bridge.
And many was the time, he repeated in his botulism,
that no jungle-grown pineapple ever smacked like the whoppies he shook out of Ananias's cans,
Finley and Lansdon's corner-house England.
So many great things, it just goes on and on and on and on and on.
That's, um, cool, groovy.
That's from Finnegan's wike.
Heavy stuff.
And it's, um, it's a big book.
Yeah.
It's a big, big book. People read it.
Yeah, that's right.
They get lost inside of it.
I did.
And we've got special signals attached to the tapes that we play on this show
that will reach out and lock onto your mind.
That was funny, isn't it?
Dear diary,
The cat is a curious, magical creature.
It's as if a teddy bear mated with a cactus,
and it's much less fun to play with than it would appear.
And yet it poops delicious candy into a box of pea-flavored sprinkles.
Dearest human guards these treats jealously,
often harvesting them into a barrel.
But I will admit that I sneak one from time to time.
They are delicious. Forgive me.
And now, with the, uh, the dog's permission...
Oh, sorry about that, you guys.
I'm gonna read from, uh, the new Dobbs...
Dot Town Mirror, or Dobbs Town Mirror.
This one doesn't have the period in it.
But you can go to Dobbs.Town and know things.
All dressed up.
Perhaps the theory of karma is true,
but operates backwards in time instead of forwards.
We're not challenged and blessed by what happened in the past
as an opportunity to learn.
We're challenged and blessed by what'll happen in the future.
And that's why the wicked person
is the one who's gonna prosper and the just suffer.
It'll all make sense at the great time reversal
when the universe implodes.
You can be there then.
Now!
The journey of a thousand leagues
begins with arriving at your destination instantly,
without effort or error.
How would your life be different
if incremental change were allowed?
Good God.
I hope they don't kill each other on mic.
Convenience personified.
Why do chefs wear chef hats?
Most people will try to come up with some kind of functional reply
and an origin story.
But the answer is to identify themselves as chefs.
The teleological heritage of chefs,
heresy, creationism,
is everywhere when you know how to look for it.
When someone you don't like does something you don't like,
it shows how evil they are.
When they do something you like,
it shows how clever they are.
Anything, as long as you get to retain your chef hat
that identifies to everybody else who you like and who you don't like.
I do not argue for hatlessness,
but I suggest there's more slack to be had
so you can switch out those hats now and then.
Instead of identifying the good and the wicked,
say, I prefer it, and see what happens.
As Charles Fort said in Wild Talents,
I conceive of nothing in religion, science, or philosophy
that is more than the proper thing to wear for a while.
Thank you, Dobstown Mirror.
Dear Diary,
This is the 733rd day that I have tried to test what Kat swore to me was true,
namely that if you hump anything long enough,
you will find a vagina.
So far, the results have been mixed.
My dearest human's leg vagina has not revealed itself.
However, I'm almost certain that I felt something on the brown teddy bear.
More tests are needed.
From PR News in Washington,
I'm somewhat surprising.
President Trump says if everything goes well next week,
he will visit the United States.
Trump spoke.
We signed a regional agreement.
And the big butt.
But Ryan.
The Dow 76553.
The Labor Department shows 15 and a half low-income tenants
may be forced to pay PR News.
You know, people tend to take things for granted.
They really do.
They forget how resilient their minds are.
And unfortunately, dear friends,
that's one of those processes
that snowballs and by which even the most privileged people,
despite getting every opportunity to become self-reliant,
and they nevertheless,
they can degenerate into big pink boy crybabies.
If people are less alive these days than they used to be,
it's only because for them there's less to being alive.
The line between life and death can become blurred and indistinct.
A truly dedicated work.
A worker can keep making an income or cooking dinner for the family
long after his or her mind is dead.
Any sensible belief in life after death should include the hideous plausibility
of becoming a sick invisible ghost that keeps shuffling back to the office
or the kitchen or the church.
What else happens to quote dead unquote people
whose instincts are so ruined
that they can no longer differentiate between the so-called light
and the so-called darkness?
Huh?
It might not.
Just on a off chance.
Might not that light thing,
that aliveness of yours,
get overdrawn just as easily as its body's checking account?
After all, for most of you,
the checking account was probably,
would have probably been your top priority in life.
It's all too easy.
For us to desoul ourselves by overdoing just what we thought might save us.
Work, drugs, religion, so forth.
Yet we can continue to plan and calculate.
Those things don't take many brain cells.
But we cease to feel, dear friends.
And that does take some brain cells.
In trying too hard for things that turn out to be unsatisfying,
we wreck the very instincts we need
for walking that thin, thin line
between self-lobotomizing lethargy
and neurotic burnout.
Oh yes.
So, get up off your butt, man!
That's what we're saying.
Get off your butt.
Give yourself a good butt kick.
By the way, what we're saying is,
this isn't necessarily the opinions of KNON or its management.
These are strictly the opinions of the, uh,
self-outspoken subgeniuses of the Church of the Subgenius,
uh, schisms of various kinds of Dallas, Texas,
uh, exercising our freedom that we have in this country
and practically no other.
We want to save your soul.
We don't want this country to be more like Russia.
Uh, like your, uh, your reactionary right-wing people
or your liberal left-wing people
or your middle-of-the-road fools, simp,
dupes, nay-nay.
We're subgeniuses, friends.
We don't fit into any of the categories
you're trying to fit us into right now.
You're listening to this stuff going,
what the heck are these guys talking about?
Where are they coming from?
Oh, friends, if only you knew where we're coming from.
If only you knew.
See, the whole thing about this creationist stuff
is, uh, God, you know, these people are saying,
God made all people in only six days.
Friends, the only ones that God made in only six days
were the subgeniuses.
That's right.
It took millions of years for the rest of the pinks,
the humans, uh, to, to, uh, to evolve up from monkeys.
But, but, uh, God only made the subgeniuses appear
suddenly out of nothing.
And, uh, for that matter, it wasn't really God anyway.
It was Jehovah One, the alien space god
from some corporate sin galaxy,
some UFO type of thing
only a thousand times more powerful
than your pathetic human conception of a UFO.
And besides that, friends,
when the humans evolved, so to speak, evolved,
this is the one thing that's really wrong
with the evolution theory.
It was a step down.
There's some old ranting from, uh, something I wrote
for an old stark-fisted removal magazine
called the bomb rant.
Coming up, an exclusive interview
with the swinging love corpses.
It's like, it's like a, a vortex funnel
sucking me down to the bottom of the ocean.
I was getting sucked down.
And you know, as much as I hate to admit it,
it felt pretty good.
It felt pretty good getting sucked down in that vortex wave
all the way down to the bottom of the ocean.
But God, I hate to admit it.
But God, I hate to admit it.
Whew, it felt pretty good.
But I hate to admit it.
Going on down to the backside of reality
My bad four, nala, son
Riding in the wave and stoking on my five things
Going on down to the backside of reality
Riding in my bad four, stoking on my five things
Mojo can really play the drums.
He was stuck down in this group thing.
He was laying down on the backside of reality on those tracks.
Now, how about the song Backside of Reality?
Our audience here is very familiar with that song.
We play it every week.
It was back in our acid days.
Back when we used to consume a lot of LSD.
Yes, I know that might be...
The Swingin' Love Courses at one time was a hippie LSD band.
Yeah, we don't really like to brag.
We don't talk about it.
We don't really advocate...
We did expand our consciousness.
But I thought that you condoned contracted consciousness.
We condone contracted consciousness.
Yeah.
Expanded.
Expanded consciousness.
Expanded consciousness.
Ness.
Ness-ness-ness.
Uh, well, so some of your music actually has been LSD influenced.
Right, and that is...
Like, what is the similarity here?
Like, I'm reminded of the 60's garage band.
That's like LSD, lollipop sugar donuts.
LSD lollipop...

We got high on high doses of sugar.
So, yeah.




That's what it was.
White sugar.
And, uh...
And we called it LSD just to cut of a joke.
And you would have visions and get into the back side of reality.
You would actually drive the curl into the back, into the vortex.
Right, it's like the molecule...
Oh, this is my favorite, uh...
This is beautiful.
These vicious junkies and...
Full territory.
This is the end of the show.

Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Now, we will be at the start of the movie.
I said...
In the Dobstown mirror.
We shall leave the world as foolish and wicked as we found it.
Only the church of the subgenius can guarantee to leave the world far, far more foolish than
we found it.
If the sole function of language was to communicate, then we'd have one language.
We have more than one language, therefore we have more than a sole function.
But what other functions might there be?
It's not...
To exclude, to not communicate.
This explains many languages, and within languages, dialects, and within dialects, slang,
so that young people and old people can exclude each other.
Now, is the sole function of the Internet to communicate?
Is the sole function of your religion to get commune?
This is the golden age of literacy.
Never before have so many written and read for their own pleasure.
It just turns out that for many people, their pleasure is sermonizing, scolding, tattling, bullying, and cats.
Lots of cats.
Cats are fine.
My pleasure is reminding the reader to join the Church of the Subgenius.
Boy, Dobbs.town is a long one this time.
I'm going to skip ahead to this story by Dr. Philo Drummond.
But first, here's a quote from Prescriptures 55-58.
The devil cannot seize up a bald man by the hair, but God will put food in the beard of a man.
And that man would be Dr. Philo Drummond, who wrote this song, I mean this story.
It's a very short story.
It's a very short story.
Mystical Birds.
The Browse Intro stuns itself into self-awareness.
Then, the show powers up to a new level where everything is fresh again.
Hal knows it all, and Puzzling knows everything else.
New band names come and go.
Doug has to sit on Hal to keep him quiet when Mom gets home or she'll freak.
More Bob.
More time movie yakking.
And tonight's show is a meteorite.
It's a storm in the bacon freakout desert of reality.
Show crashes the feces book.
23 seconds ago.
That equals the good old days.
Is that your internet?
Test of time cliff notes.
Punch him in the sack.
Change the show's diaper and put it to bed before dream fluff.
I am here because I want revenge.
Hal bellowed in a noble tone.
He slammed his face against Dee Atwell's fist.
With the force of 2,000...
796 badgers.
I frigging hate you Dee Atwell Woodman.
Dee Atwell sneered back.
Even more smarmy and still fingering the massive blade.
Hal, look at these three words.
He replied.
They looked at each other with ecstatic feelings.
Like two disgusted different donkeys boating at a very scheming accident.
Which had rockabilly music playing in the background.
And two disgusted different donkeys boating at a very scheming accident.
And two disgusted different donkeys boating at a very scheming accident.
And two tactless uncles chatting to the beat.
Dee Atwell regarded Haliland's scrawny eyebrows and greasy toenails.
He held out his hand.
Let us not fight.
He whispered gently.
Humph, pondered Haliland.
Please, begged Dee Atwell with puppy dog eyes.
Haliland looked jumpy.
His body blushing like a tired teeny tiny teapot.
Then Haliland came inside for a night's sleep.

And he took his glass of whiskey.
The Browse intro is a coded message to all losers.
Reminding them of the myth of success and the futility of existence.
For as to non-losers, the message inspires a truer, more real greatness than could otherwise be achieved without its wise guidance and brave counsel.
Then at 1 hour 12 minutes, Hal, Pseudo-Philo and Puzz begin the deconstruction of the pink soul.
Well, no, that was G. Gordon Gordon in deconstructing the pink soul.
But this story, Mystical Birds of Nature, is actually the typical blurb that Philo writes to describe puzzling evidence shows, which he posts like reruns.
Dear diary, I have yet to see my dearest human poop anywhere.
I suspect he may not know how.
I have resolved to try and teach him.
When we patrol the neighborhood each day in search of men with hats and beards.
It is embarrassing to do in public, but he must learn somehow.
I fear he will die of constipation if I don't succeed.
Fortunately, my dearest human seems to show some interest and is now collecting my feces in a small bag.
Soon.
Oh, man.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Oh, I got a, uh...
Bring the upper lip down below the upper lip.
Upper teeth.
Be sure to keep it down until the fingers are in position.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.

Ah.

Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.

Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Uh.
Oh..
Uh..
O
Oh..
Oh..
shows night after night after night it's easy for you you only have to listen
once a week but we do ten shows a day we have to keep up stay ahead
what is that noise? I have no idea I think it might be the exits on the outside of the hall
yeah I can hear the hiss the air noise we're still on the fringes of the
atmosphere you know it's just a few molecules what happens if I push this place
you're probably running up demagnetized oh you can hear us
what if we flip
is that a whole week show there or is it?
here we go
visit land of the failed mystery and the magic
up there went the mystery and the magic right there why did you have to say that
here are heroic legends of ages past timeless myths haunting ghost stories
hey is this that time magazine about Vietnam?
yeah something is
it's something yeah
jokes
jokes



I have to get the chip before it's too late
okay thanks
we don't want to do that I think he's right
he? what do you mean he?
what a female call?
no I use the term he to describe all aliens the call will show
I think humans and animals call

if that's an it
what is that?
I want to get fixed too
yes all of the show was getting fixed
well what do you mean?
they were fixing the show and nobody knew exactly where it would be.
Now, Subgenius Publishing guides you through this intriguing realm and unique and spectacular family library,
The Book of the Subgenius.
Here we go.
Visit Landry's.
They'll get mystery and magic.
Up there went the mystery and the magic.
Right there.
Why did you have to say that?
Well, Gary, we just thought we'd say it.
There went the mystery and the magic.
Yeah, it's all you.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Welcome back to the show, The Subgenius Divival, our friends.
This is Dr. G. Gordon Gordon and Reverend Ivan Stagg.
We're sitting here to bring you the word of God.
Don't you feel divived now?
Don't be afraid.
It's just a little radio show.
Sometimes it gets scary.
It's a scary show.
It could get scarier depending on whatever parakeet mixes we drop in.
That's right.
But remember one thing.
It doesn't matter what life cycle you're on.
Over and over again.
And whether your basic metabolism is carbon, silicon, or plasma,
we're broadcasting to you because this is the first intergalactic show.

The Church of Dobbs.
Yes, friends, this is the church for every form of life that knows how to snicker.
Yes, indeed.
Every life form that can enjoy and appreciate slack, dear friends.
Yes, and the mysteries.
Those who appreciate the mysteries.
Ah, the mysteries, yes.
That sweet, sweet burning mystery of slack.
Yes, and when finally they learn the answer,
to the mystery of why on that great day,
that one day,
the sound of the slack goes rippling.
This is what it sounds like, friend.
Yes, listen to that slack rippling along.
Isn't that a lovely sound?
Oh, yes.
Receive the splendor of that slack sound, friends.
Ah, yes.
Ah, doesn't it drip through your frontal lobes?
Or depending upon your metabolism, of course, sometimes your back lobes.
Sometimes it just runs down their spine and dribbles out.
Sometimes it just dribbles through their cells and oozes through the pores.
Oh, this is slack.
But we know that somewhere out there you're listening to the sound of slack.
We can't give you too much of this air slack because...
Nay, nay.
No, no.
We can't let you get all hooked.
You'd just be sitting by your radios from now on.
You wouldn't be able to do anything.
We'll be waiting until next week.
That's right.
The subgenius hour of slack comes back.
Ah, but...
So that you can soak up some more of the healing power that can be mysteriously broadcast.
That's right.
So put your appendage, your pseudopod, your flipper, your hand, your manipulator, your chela, your mandible,
whatever you got, friends.
It doesn't matter if it's a scaly, horny carapace or a squamous, drooling mollusk-like.
You could secrete...
It's not a skin.
Just place your little sensory appendage upon your transmitter-receiver unit.
And you will receive the benefit of the slack, this air slack.
And when finally you discover the mystery, the answer to the mystery of the slack,
why, on that day you will be killed and re-killed and re-killed again in the scalding and scathing acid love.
Of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Hallelujah.
Praise Bob.
Hallelujah.
E-I-E-I-E-I.
Ah, yes, friends.
Well, well, Dr. Stang, I think perhaps we ought to...
We ought to...
Turn the slack generator down a little bit.
Let these poor...
Just soothe them out with it.
Don't drop them off sudden now.
Just there you are.
Yes, friends.
Just a rug.
A rug of slack underneath.
That little tiny layer that separates you from the hard, cold floor of reality.
Well, we...
We'd love to get you hooked, but we wouldn't be able to supply it.
And that's right.
It'd be like Dawn of the Dead all over again.
Shambling zombies for Bob.
Trying to get some more of that great stuff that they...
That beautiful, that beautiful essence.
That vital secretion of the heart, soul of Dobbs.
That one thing that he possesses more than any other entity in the universe.
And, friends, we're talking about...
Slack.
Don't you wish you had it?
Don't you wish you had that sound with you all the time?
Don't you like to wrap yourself up in that slack?
That big, warm, fuzzy, woolly slack.
And just snuggle into it and say, ah.
If you had just one Bob pill, like this one in this little vial.
And we have one, listeners.
We have one.
And this one pill would be enough to impart...
Into you the essence of the stark fist of removal.
You would become Vishnu, the destroyer, friends.
That's right.
You would dance upon the helix of the ever-changing quantum universe,
shifting your eigenstata.
Dogs have always been my friend.
Dear diary, I must be more careful when licking my genitals.
My dearest human seems...
Sensitive about it.
Most likely because he's incapable of licking his own.
As always, I am in awe of his ability to be so noble.
Despite what I can only imagine are filthy, filthy genitals.
He hides them every day.
The dog clips are from Sad Dog Diary by Zee Frank.
Zee Frank.
Found on YouTube.
But the background barking you might hear...
Is real dogs.
We have four dogs here now.
Buddy the hound dog, Claudia the pit bull,
and two German shepherd puppies named Yeti and Chupi
who are battling in the background.
Dogs has always been my friend.
You know, when you do that, dogs will always be your friend.
They've always been my friend.
And we've had many dogs during these years.
Now we have Yuki.
And I think she...
I think they saved the best for little Yuki.

Yuki is the most loyal dog in the world.
He is the friendliest and the smartest.
And the most kindest and the most attentive of all the dogs that I've known.
Yuki has been here ever since.
He loves the world.
But he loves his family.
And I'm sure that if the owner ever asked about him to direct him here...
But I'm glad that the owner never missed him.
Because I surely would if he left me.
Me.
Well if you don't get...
Give him some flea powder.
If you don't get some flea powder in the bath, he wants to go in the car.
That's a fact.
You want to go on the ride?
you want to go to see the cattle you want to go see
me
oh
Oh, friends, that's Hinton Templar.
Hinton Templar.
Available only on the...
our Slack, I'm afraid, so far.
And here is a sermon.
A sermon by Uncle Dr. Onan Kanabai.
The Sermon of the Brains.
This is a sermon that might not sit well with every listener,
but having joined the Church of the Subgenius,
you've demonstrated that you're ready for the uncomfortable truths of life.
All I can say is, listen to this sermon,
let it roll around in the back of your mind for a while,
and then try preaching it in your own words.
Not to me, I just said it.
But say it to yourself in your own words
when you have the feeling that the time is right.
Ready?
Okay.
The subgenius must have slack.
You've known that for a while, and it's a fact.
The fact of the matter is, having something is a duality.
There's the one who has, and there is that which is had.
The fact of the matter is, in this world controlled by the conspiracy,
you've been had.
The subgenius and slack are not always one and the same.
There are subgenii who have slack in the form of complaining,
or getting themselves into trouble.
And while their slack is foreign unto me,
it is, in fact, their slack.
This sermon is for the subgenius who does not, at this very moment, have slack.
If you are that subgenius, then this sermon is specifically from me to you.
And if you're not, well, you can think about the sermon
and say it in your own words.
But I'm not going to be saying the same words to some other subgenius
who needs to hear it.
Sometime.
Not me, unless it is me.
This is a sermon for the subgenius who does not have slack.
You did all the right things.
You didn't do any of the wrong things.
You didn't bring this on yourself.
And you sure don't prefer things to be as they are.
Even if you don't have a sense of life being fair,
you're kind of wondering if things might be a little less.
Not fair.
It feels like playing a game where somebody cheated,
but there's nobody else there and you're not even playing.
I don't want to go on too much about this darkness.
You know that beat down well enough.
You know what I'm talking about.
This sermon is for the subgenius who does not have slack.
It's for that subgenius.
Maybe you.
If it were in my power, I'd make it better.
I'd make those who put you down pay.
Even if you put yourself down.
Especially if you put yourself down.
But put me down as someone not in power to make anybody pay.
That's a salesman's job.
And we have a salesman who is walking that beat even as I speak.
What is in my power to do is offer a little explanation for what is happening
and a few ideas that might help.
This is a sermon that might not be enough.
It might not sit well with every listener.
The plain truth is that the Elder Gods feed on mortal suffering.
And that's the sum total of why these things happen.
The non-scientific, more poetic soul subgenius doesn't want the plain truth, though.
The religious and not spiritual subgenius wants it couched in some kind of parable.
Well, here it is.
But it also might not sit well with you.
The subgenius brain is not like the human brain.
The subgenius brain is not even like the subgenius brain that sits next to that first subgenius brain.
The subgenius brain is, for some, what sits in between that subgenius and slack.
That subgenius brain isn't a bridge to slack,
or a lens for interpreting slack,
or a pipe to suck up and hold that slack through.
That subgenius brain, for some,
is the very obstacle that makes the subgenius and slack a duality instead of being as one.
If that sounds like you, then this sermon is for you.
It is within my power to offer a little explanation for what has happened.
And the explanation is,
that's just the way things turned out.
You didn't deserve it.
You didn't earn it.
It's not a punishment for something you did do or didn't do.
You got the brain you got.
It's a kind of brain that isn't quite broken enough to have been bred out of our ancestors,
but isn't quite functional enough to leave you alone when you just want to get some stuff done.
Just like the answer to,
when will we get there,
is,
when we get there.
The answer to,
why is my brain like this,
is,
because your brain is like this.
And that's all there is to it.
There is no more.
Bummer.
It's a bummer.
But to know this is bummer is good.
It means you can stop asking why.
You can stop blaming yourself or past experiences or your genetics or reality.
Well, you can keep blaming them,
but only if it's doing you some good to keep blaming them.
Blame them all.
Blame me.
Blame God.
See where that gets you.
Because if it's where you want to be,
then blame harder.
And if asking why and casting blame are not doing you any good,
then it's good to stop.
Stop right now and stop again later when you ask why again later and cast blame later.
Practice the bummer until it becomes as natural as practicing asking why and practicing casting blame.
Get good at the bummer of because.
The more you practice the bummer of because,
the more you'll get good at it.
You're going to be glad you did when you first move on to the next idea that might help.
And that idea is to get a good look at people whose bummer is much, much more of a bummer than yours.
Every single bad thing that you've done or that has been done to you,
I'm going to guarantee that it won't take too long to find someone who has done worse or who has been done worse.
They might be dead from it or in a bad way.
Sometimes you'll see that they're just getting along with things because they've gotten good at the bummer of because.
You can too.
Or you can be less bad at it, which is enough.
When you find those subgeni who have less slack than you,
why, you'll remember this sermon and you'll be able to tell it to them.
Not because you're better than they are,
but because we're all handing the sputtering out of our mouths.
We're all throwing torch of slack to each other in a dark cave
and sometimes it'll be your turn to hold it for a while.
I have other ideas that might help.
Drugs.
Or medicine drugs.
Or meditation.
Or eating well and getting some exercise.
Or reading amateur humor publications issued by mail order mind control cults.
Making peace with the people you aren't blaming anymore, that might help.
They might still be jerks,
and you might still be a jerk,
but let there be a general jerk amnesty to free up that energy for some exciting new jerk to interact with.
It might help to do less of the thing that definitely doesn't help.
And you know exactly what that is.
Exactly.
Whoever told you that you could always be happy,
that you deserve to always be happy,
that person told you a lie.
You can't,
and nobody gets what they deserve.
Bummer.
I'm here to tell you that there are means to be less miserable.
Less miserable is all the slack that some subgenius brains can handle.
Think of it.
As much slack as your brain can handle.
That's fantastic.
Those weirdo contented normal seeming subgenie-y
whose brains are only half as slacked up as they could be,
and your broken brain is overclocked with slack.
I'm glad to see it when that happens.
If you want more slack, try anything,
except the stuff you've practiced for decades that never works.
More slack for some subgenius brains is slightly less miserable for a short period of time.
Some subgenius brains don't even get that, friend,
and they don't get it even once.
You've suffered this far.
You can keep suffering this far.
You can keep suffering longer.
But maybe not only suffer.
Maybe you can see that sputtering torch somewhere off in the cave
as we pass it back and forth.
It's hard to tell how far away it is or what it would take to hold onto it,
but I have faith that you're ready.
When it's right there, grab a hold, get a good look,
and then it's gone.
Was it never there?
No, it was there.
And someone you maybe don't even know is holding it for you,
until it's your turn again.
I have faith that when it's my turn, you'll hand it to me.
You already have so very many times.
Thank you.
And thank you, Dr. Onan Kanabite,
for that unusually sober-sounding,
but hopefully very helpful rant.
And always,
praise Bob.
This is the Hour of Slack from Church of the Subgenius.
Not the entire church, actually.
It's from the Subgenius Foundation and many contributors.
And you can learn more at subgenius.com.
A lot more.
Technically, I think over 200,000 pages more.
And you can also read it.
Or write to us at Post Office Box 807 Glen Rose, Texas 76043.
The Subgenius Foundation.
Or just write to me, Ivan Stang,
stang at subgenius.com.
And let there be slack.
Oh, thank you, Einstein's Secret Orchestra,
for the background music,
which is from the instrumental jambs
called Witch Disco.
.

.











.
.
.
.
.





























