I've done far worse than kill you.
I've hurt you.
And I wish to go on hurting you.
What?
For earth's sake.
Yes, I know.
What time is it?
I wonder exactly in a temporary way.
Can we really understand time?
Of course you can, kids.
And here's the easiest way you can.
Just pull those gentle, gentle, tender flaps apart
and sit down quietly between your own knees
and just begin.
That's right.
Be brave and time to the music.
Go.
Go.
Well, we've asked everybody here
if they've got a special request
for each and every one of you here.
God have given
bad, bad hit.
The devil have gone far enough.
Prayer warrior.
Meet me on my knees.
On your knees, Friday night
at 7.30.
And listen now, my friends,
the prayer tower is open.
The prayer tower is open right now.
You that need prayer.
My God.
The prayer team
is here on the telephone.
Right now.
The prayer team.
The prayer team.
The prayer team.





And you hear the protest in fact.
Well, welcome to the Hour of Slack.
Praise Bob, Golden, Connie, Brad.
Yes, welcome to the Hour of Slack.
I have no time to make a show of loving kindness
before my fellow men.
Not in this life.
I've too much laughing to do.
Hurrah!
This just goes to show.
What is with meaning?
You know what I mean?
Meaning is so relative.
What is reality?
What is reality?







Yeah, what is reality?
You know what you what?
I don't get it.
What is reality?
See, we can make people trip right on the air on various toxic substances, bacterial agents.
And some of them only charge 15%.
Reality is what doesn't go away when dot, dot, dot.
But let's leave things of this world behind
and walk now down the path of Bob for this brief minute of slack from the church of the subgenius.
This so-called civilization?
On the day when we finally realize that things are all backwards
and we have slack without work in the promised kingdom of Bob Dobbs,
then perhaps we'll find the true civilization which needs not Xerox machines nor fancy coats and ties.
It don't have to have them.
It can have them.
You can be civilized and not live in a cave.
But you're probably going to be more civilized being one of these characters that sits in a cave scratching his butt
than you are running around on this treadmill of false slack.
Ah, yes, and look at the humans lined up for the slaughterhouse.
Ah, yes, the harvest.
Praise Bob.
Let there be slack.
I'm just an American boy.
Raised on MTV.
And I seen all the kids in the soda pop-ups, but none of them look like me.
So I started looking around for a light out of the dim.
And the first thing I heard that made sense was the world of my heart.
And I'm a piece built on them.
I shot a new.
There's no God but God.
If my daddy could see when I change around my feet.
He don't understand.
Sometimes a man's got to fight for what.
He believes.
And I believe God is great.
All praise due to him.
And if I should die, I'd rise up to the sky.
Just like Jesus, peace be upon him.
I shot a new.
La, la, la, la, la.
Well, look.
It didn't rain.
The skybies 67 miles above sea level, looking at the sky face.

My bourbon's like a baby, رَفِي выًر Nina smut.
The boy's more or perfect than God.
He becomesителя.
He changes and there's no his.»
We came to five des ga Neví僕 Nothing more silent.
And my hearts swung pure and strong Somehow we always'll haven't two hearts yet.
ny
Death built the air, we haul off with the present
Prepared for our modern dawn
But I lost some of the plan
Some secret not revealed
Now they're dragging me back with my head in the sand
To the land of the infidels
As I do
As I do
They're following me
And they are following who simulator the truth from their Lord
Thus Allah gives peopleXXX is the most exemplary
And when you meet those who deny the real one shall they return in road
Until when you suppress them
When you suppress them
They will be toned byurs
So...
Then he will feel learnings so, that that he would be able to be chaste in wonderful ways
John Walker's Blues by Steve Earle from an album called Jerusalem.
Thanks to Dr. Legume for DCCing that to me.
Later in the show, friends, we'll hear Dr. Legume's stirring sermon at the Akron Devival.
Also, this show, number 857, is interwoven with collage cut-ups by Fernanda Nande-Lemur
and some clips posted by Reverend Tesla Coyle.
And, of course, ESO Swamp Radio from WCSB Cleveland with Lonesome Cowboy Dave
and host Charles Smith, as seen here.
What's going on in the world? I don't even know anymore.
Oh, drug dealer fight.
Would you know if this is a bad omen?
What happened in the last few days?
Well, they're bombing Iraq, but they're not supposed to let everybody know.
I mean, in America, nobody's supposed to know about it.
Everybody else knows about it.
They're already doing it?
Yeah, they just, like, go blow up somebody's swimming pool.
Just in time for the election.
This just came out.
The government, Washington, D.C., the government is preparing to invoke special powers
to help fight armed terrorist groups in the U.S.,
including measures that will require people in parts of the U.S.
to register, obtain permission to travel, and carry I.D. cards.
The so-called rehabilitation zones.
Dead cards.
Which will include parts of between 14 to 32 states,
are allowed under a presidential decree issued September 10th
that also permits security forces to conduct warranties,
warrantless searches, and hold suspects for months before consulting a judge.
And they can also hold the parts between their knees that are connected there.
In the zones, the government can require all residents to register with civilian authorities,
restrict travel, impose curfews,
and issue special identification cards to local residents, the decree says.
The residents of areas where identification cards have been issued can be detained for up to 24 hours for not carrying the cards.
A military commander from the North American Command in each zone can collect information about where residents live,
what vehicles they use, and jobs they work at, as well as who has permits to carry guns.
Do you remember the old days, staying with the Wells Fargo guys and the other, uh, what was the other, the other one, uh,
the dicks, you know, the, the private dicks, there was Wells Fargo, what was the other one, with impunity,
they could go around killing people for screwing up capitalism in the West?
Now get this.
Government officials could not be reached to comment on the plans,
but Attorney General John Ashcroft said that the powers granted to the state were soft.
When the decision is made...
Much like John F. F. F.
When the decision is made to create a zone,
it is because we are facing the probability that something very serious is about to happen...
Right, fascism is gonna take over.
...to the civilian population.
Yeah, right.
There are new procedures which are being studied that we can use, not everywhere,
but specifically where we need them to protect civilians and attack terrorists.
Well, I think that's amazing that he was so psychic to know what's gonna happen to us,
and yet he didn't know on 9-11-10th of September.
Now, I did get this off the internet on S-News by New Monet, so...
But that is, that is a true thing, because I know, I read it in the Payne-Dealer...
Yeah, I read it.
...on the internet, so, and you're hearing it now on the radio, so...
Must be true.
...I mean, it must be as true as anything else you hear on the radio or read on the news or the internet.
What a tiny little...
I'm more disturbed by what I...
...like these two red-bred hillbillies over here on the side...
I'm more disturbed by a science article I was reading.
What did it say, James?
Well, it was just talking about that we need to start opening our minds to the possible fact that...
...the universe...
...stinks?
...and all the bubbles of universes that they think exist...
...are a fart bubble of God.
No, they're just because we think them.
Oh, man.
Yeah.
The eye in the pyramid's right in our own navel.
That works real well until you stub your toe.
Yeah, right.
And then all of a sudden you're not just thinking...
Until you don't wake up while somebody's stealing your van.
...your toe really, really hurts.
When you smell, you forget to smell the smoke.
Because we see them, because we observe them.
Oh, yeah, so we're just...
They exist because we observe them.
We're just lackluster, dullardly observers.

Oh, well, if that's the case, Professor, why don't you go into that briar patch and get my kid's ball?
Brayer Stang.
You're just imagining that briar patch.
No, you see the briar patch.
There is no spoon.
So it's there. It's there because you see it.
Or if anybody sees it, it's there.
You see the briar patch, but you don't see the thorns.
That makes sense.
If anybody sees it, it's there.
You're floating in a sea of briar patches.
You just can't feel the scratches.
It's this.
You can't make the complex simple because it's complex.
And you can't make slack complex because it is simple.
And that's why we're trying to...
We're just trying to kind of cut through the bull if we can, friends.
And try to figure out for ourselves what slack really is.
What it really, really is.
And what we've been able to find out.
I've been in this business for 20 years.
And you know what I found out?
Not a damn thing.
I've learned how ignorant I am.
I've learned how stupid I am.
I've learned how I don't know.
And the best part is, I don't have to know.
I don't have to know why the universe was created.
I don't have to know how it was created.
I don't have to know where I'm going to go when I die.
I don't have to know anything.
Because who said I was so important that I deserve to know?
Maybe it's better if the Loch Ness Monster is never captured.
Maybe it's better if nobody ever shoots and stuffs a Bigfoot.
Maybe it's better if the aliens never land.
Because friends, wouldn't it be kind of boring to find out?
Wouldn't it be terrible if all the mysteries were gone?
Wouldn't it be terrible if all the mysteries were gone?
Ah yes, friends.
The mysteries.
The mysteries are sh** that can't be explained.
That's what's important.
The stuff inside.
The music that makes you feel good.
I know people who were saved by Jesus when they went to see the movie Jesus Christ Superstar.
And then it was only years later that when they were listening to the Rolling Stones
that they realized that it wasn't Jesus that saved them.
It was the rock and roll that they felt.
That would put that spirit in their hearts.
And it doesn't have to be Jesus.
It doesn't even have to be Bob.
It doesn't have to be whatever your favorite drug is or your favorite personal savior.
Because as we've learned from Bob Dog time after time,
we can't depend on invisible monsters up in the sky to answer our prayers.
And we can't trust aliens to come down from Earth to save us.
We can't even believe it.
We can't believe in pipe smoking, get rich quick scheme smiling, smiley faces of the
90s, friends.
I just believe in me.
Yoko and me.
That's reality.
And friend, I suggest you take the same approach.
Bob is not the answer and neither is anything else.
And in this church, in closing, friends, to bring this so that you can finally quit listening
to somebody lecture you and start getting back to the true slack of dancing to the broken
circle gospel of the lesbian.
I'm going to leave you with one thought.
And it's the one rule, the one law of the Church of the Subgenius.
The only thing in the whole damn book, all of these books, the one valid statement that
Bob said that you can live by.
And here it is, friends.
.
If they can't take a joke.
That's your point.
If they can't take a joke.
That's the attitude you have to hold in your head.
And you'll be fine.
You will be fine.
Just think.
If they can't take a joke.
And praise Bob.
And he'll cut.
We love you, friends.
God loves you too.
But Bob wants you.
God loves you.
Bob wants you.
All he wants is your money.
And every night instead, ladies and gentlemen, give him your money.
Come on up.
Give him your money.
And I'll stream you.
And he'll come forward with his daughter around, and you and your sister, like that they

And B float.
Buzz ma we go later, I gotta RHich Rushler we go belch cool we go, bruh I wanna debate
on you Josh or hvad
ту
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
Remix number two by Dr. Onan's
Wotan Band. And before that,
my sermon.
backed by Einstein's Secret Orchestra at the Blind Lemon Club DeVival in Cleveland last year.
And speaking of last year, friends, the world ends tomorrow.
We might all be killed.
There's a reason for that.
You see how those gears are slanted?
Yeah, right?
Right there.
Here.
There.
Here.
Skylight snakes for breakfast.
And it was a very eerie experience.
Yeah.
Yes.
This is our track.
Now it's on.
Running along the top of the muscles and all of that was torn loose.
It's so wonderful.
You're considered benevolent in that part of the world.
The ice is right there.
Here.
There it is.
All right.
Look at that.
Just like that.
Just that.
Because it's plastic.
You've got the red dot in here because it's so wonderful.
And we were going around and didn't even think we liked each other too much.
Well, you know what?
I don't have a clue.
I don't have a clue.


The end times are near.
Hello.
Hello.
Monsters are born.
Did the end times come yet?
Are we incarcerated?
Are we dead?
Come here.
Or are we just thinking of a new way of living?
Look at this beautiful Bel Air mansion.
Made from stucco and cocoa.
It's a все unestimated había una casa que se fue

Some of them have their asses dangling from the cactus in the backyard.
But you're a cowboy daddy.
They're ready for this new century.
These wrong asses don't know what their lives are worth.
They ain't då isolated.
That is true.
It's not at my expense.
They ain't no business, cause.
Ooh.
Woo!
And now that fella knows how to get bombs.
Let's go do some drugs.
Legal drugs, that is.
Hey, let's put on a thing of a furry monkey pants
and dance for the guy with a grinded-in organ over there
against a telephone pole.
It's disgusting.
Of course it's disgusting.
It's the world we live in.
Open your eyes, Billy.
Open them wider.
No, a little wider.
Open them up wider.
Okay, I'm going to drop you here.
Okay, now get the sticks up.
You can't look away now.
That's right.
That's right.
I threw up.
Yep, when I looked at my TV and saw what was going on,
I threw up.
I threw up.
Bye now.
What is the meaning of this?
Y'all be reborn now, you hear?
What is the meaning of death in the cycle of rebirth?
What is the meaning of the tender, tiny thread
that extends from the flap below the reptile's eye
deep into the womb of natura itself?
Mama?
I was hungry as can be.
There's a seeker born every minute.
Well, as far as our scientists have been able to determine,
the purpose of life is, in fact, simply to squirt.
Why?
Or, in the case...
...of some creatures, to ooze.
Ah.
Squirting and oozing.
Ultimately, an ooze squirt.
Is it...
Yes, that's it.
There's no high, lofty meaning of life.
It is simply to...
Squirt and ooze.
Yes, and not for the procreation aspects,
just for the pleasure.
The mere ejaculation, the vibration,
banging the nervous system ever so gently.
Yes, if you're looking for a meaning, there it is.
It doesn't matter whether it's by yourself,
or with somebody else.
It's just...
That's it.
You can just take a walk out,
out into your neighborhood any day,
and get on a bus,
and get that same sensation
as you ride over them old potholes.
You know, life ain't much more than a oozing and a squirting,
and a kind of a dangerous feeling
coming up the back of your neck.
I'm gonna rub my little red belly.
Things are growing up there now.
They're growing now.
They're like bad thoughts, you know.
They're like...
Just hanging to the top of your head,
and they can't get out.
And they got to find a way out someday.
Oh, I can't wait to have Bob rub my little red belly
over at that rabbit supper tonight.
Oh, he's gonna rub you like a booty's belly.
He's gonna create more slack out of the top of your head
than you ever saw.
Old Bob, he's a booty shot for.
Yeah.
He's a fully realized enlightened being.
He's gonna be at that squirrel supper tonight.
You gonna be there, Benny?
Hey, look, he's eating barbecued chicken.
I never know, booty shot,
but I enjoyed meat that way.
I mean, you know, that way.
Oh, hell, you know, him and Bob go way back.
I threw up.
Yeah, it's hard to pull it out of your moon pants.
Teaser just let it go out in front.
Is that you going through there, Musgrave?
Now, why in the world would I be going through there, dog?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I kidnapped the future and ransomed it for the past.
I made time wait up for me to bleed my lizard.
My infernal breath wilts the tree of life.
I left my scorn on the Rock of Ages.
Who will tear flesh with me?
Who will spill their juice?
Who will gouge with me?
Whose candle will I fart out?
Goop.
Goop.
I'm ready.
So step aside, all you but loot, neurotic, insecure bespectacled slab-zoa-wimp meat.
I'm a crime-fighting master criminal.
I am not insane.
I'm a screamer and a laugher.
I make a spectacle of myself.
I am a sight.
My physical type cannot be classified by science.
My familiar is a pterodactyl.
I feed it to dick-fegals.
I spoil their lives.
I am a
hide and seek killer.
I throw him scheduler.
I fumble a 16x film.
I'm a murderer.
I mold the king.
I am a killer.
He lets deathizi take him.
With no voor and no mol tumbler, I kill them in one fell parlance.
This is great.
This is fun.
The Brandflex from thebrandflex.com.
Before that, some brag of the subgenius Bob Foolery by me and Philo.
And now, well, soon actually, a classic live recording of a Jurassic song by the Swingin' Love Corpses.
But first, heart ignition.
What's going on?
Swag.
Swag.
Gotta be kidding me.
Name the killer.
Bulb.
Name the killer.
Bulb.
Swag.
What's that noise?
Swag.
Swag.
A giant test table.
Swag.
That's a hat.
That's a hat.
That's a hat.
That's a hat.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Well, I wouldn't find nature
if I had my druthers.
Wish I could control
the action of others.
We should love nature
as one of our brothers.
But you know it's not nice
to do your mother.
Best of!
Best of!
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I don't want to get off the stage.
Who told me to get off the stage?
Am I just paranoid?
Nature.
I hate.
I hate it.
The Swingin' Love Corps is live in St. Louis, 1991.
And now, from the Akron Devival this summer,
Dr. Katahdin Legu,
who starts his sermon by reading a suicide note.
A suicide note? Is it mine?
Give it back!
Man, I found this suicide note.
It was from a young teenage girl.
At least from the content, I'm assuming it was a teenager.
She was a teenage girl.
It says here,
I'm tired of the pain in my heart.
You are all so unfair to me.
You don't love me and you don't understand me.
Everyone hates me because I'm fat and ugly.
The only thing I ever wanted was to be with Patrick.
But I found out he was at the mall with that slut Michelle.
And I hope,
And I hope,
And I hope,

they'll all feel bad when I'm gone.
But tough.
I tried to talk to you about it, Mom.
But you was more interested in your soap operas than my real problems.
So I'm not going to bother any of you anymore.
And I hope Patrick is real happy at the mall with his slut.
You're going soft, aren't you?
I hope you're all happy now. Goodbye.
What a stupid little bitch.
The very idea of offing yourself because of some stupid little problem like that makes me think,
Well, what is a problem that's worthy of killing yourself?
And it reminded me,
It reminded me of when I was a child.
When I was a child, I grew up in a town called Mansfield, New Jersey.
And out on Route 206, which cuts right through Mansfield, New Jersey,
There's a farmer's market.
It's the biggest shop in town.
Everybody goes there.
It's the only reason anybody comes to Mansfield, is to shop at this farmer's market.
But across the street from this farmer's market, there was a junkyard.
Not just any junkyard.
It was an old military junkyard full of crashed World War II guns.

And planes and trucks and tanks and such.
And it was owned by a man named John Mihaljec.
John Mihaljec had a lot to say.
He had so much to say, that out on Route 206, down the entire length of his property,
He had these huge billboards with pictures of political figures on them.
They had a picture at the time, it was the 1970s,
There was a picture of President Richard Nixon,
With the bleeding body of a dead rat.
And there were these long, long rants that he would put up on these billboards on his property.
And the town hated him.
When he drove by, the rants on the signs were so long and involved,
That the cars would have to slow down to five miles an hour just to read them.
Oh yeah, they hated him bad.
So what did John Mihaljec do?
He ran for Senator.
That pissed off all the people who hated him even more.
All the townspeople hated him.
One day they said,
We're going to finally take care of this John Mihaljec problem.
So one night, some of the townspeople got together,
In the best tradition of the angry villagers in Frankenstein movies,
They all got their torches together,
And they went down to his property,
And they burned his house to the ground.
Oh, they burned his house to the ground,
But that's not all they did,
Because his wife was in the house.
And they killed his wife.
They killed his wife,
And they burned down his house.
And they said,
Finally, we're going to see the end of John Mihaljec,
Because no man is going to be able to stand up after something like this.
They were crushed.
John Mihaljec had other ideas.
John Mihaljec, in the smoking ashes of the ruins of his home,
The smoking ashes of his now dead beloved wife,
Built a giant teepee on that spot,
And let everybody know that we're not going to run him off his land.
The townspeople said,
The townspeople hated it even more.
So one night,
The townspeople,
In the best tradition of the angry villagers in Frankenstein movies,
Once again got together,
And they went out to John Mihaljec's land,
And they burned down his teepee.
This, they said,
Would run off John Mihaljec.
How much more could one man stand?
He would leave, he would kill himself,
He would do something, but he would be out of their hair forever.
John Mihaljec had other ideas.
And so,
On the smoking ruins of his teepee,
Built on the smoking ruins of his home and his dead beloved wife,
John Mihaljec built,
Another teepee.
An identical teepee to the first,
But with one small difference.
It was made of steel!
The villagers didn't know what to do about that.
They hated John Mihaljec.
They wanted to run John Mihaljec off his land.
But those stupid mother never could figure out how to burn down a steel teepee.
And John Mihaljec lived there until he died an old, old man.
Can I get a praise John Mihaljec?
Yes, John Mihaljec!
Can I get a praise John Mihaljec?
Yes, John Mihaljec!
Oh, brothers and sisters,
John Mihaljec found the perfect solution to his problems.
Maybe you have problems too.
Maybe your problems could be solved by giving up or committing suicide.
Probably not.
Well, come to think of it, we probably solved all your problems.
But we're not the kind of a cult that's going to advocate suicide.
We are the first anti-suicide suicide cult.
One day we will all get together and after the point of time we will all drink Kool-Aid.
Then nothing will happen, we'll just drink some Kool-Aid.
I think so.
Yes.
Well, I'm sure you have problems too, but I don't think that many of your problems are going to be solved by a big tin teepee.
However, there is always a solution to your problems.
And only the perfect solution to your problems.
And brothers and sisters, Bob.
Bob will give you a blueprint.
A blueprint for your perfect teepee of vengeance.
That will help you get over your problems without having to take a hundred Tylenol.
Tom Waits.
Are there any Tom Waits fans here?
Yeah!
I remember there was a song by Tom Waits where he said something about a woman.
She was a crumbling beauty with a tattooed tear on her cheek.
For each year her man was away.
And then Tom Waits said,
Hell, there's nothing wrong with her that a hundred dollars won't fix.
Well, brothers and sisters, it's even better for all of you.
Because there's nothing wrong with you that thirty dollars won't fix.
Yes, brothers and sisters, because that thirty dollars, when put in the hands of Bob, will help deliver unto you the blueprint for your own tin teepee.
That tin teepee will fill that tin teepee-shaped hole in your life.
Oh yes, brothers and sisters, you may not have had very small problems.
You might have had no tiny problems.
Oh yes, but Reverend Stang, he's here to help you with those problems.
Maybe that hole in your life is shaped like a little bob pin.
Maybe that hole in your life is shaped like a bumper sticker or a t-shirt.
And brothers and sisters, through Bob's love, Reverend Stang is here tonight to fill that t-shirt-shaped hole in your lives, brothers and sisters.
Oh yes, brothers and sisters, can I get a praise, Bob?
We're filling CD-shaped holes tonight.
Oh yes, brothers and sisters, and I saw a lot of you out there tonight who have CD-shaped holes in your lives that are just begging to be filled.
And Reverend Stang is here tonight to help Bob fill your holes.
Can I get a praise, Bob?
Praise Bob!
Many of my victims have joined my unholy legion.
The legion of the undead, becoming creatures without souls, living only for hideous torment.
And I think if we continue that way, to, you know, do what they said to do with porcine beings, what will happen next?
Well, did you write to your congressman about the pigs?
Of course I did. I did. I said we would be liberated, and he said he sent back a hand-memeographed Xerox letter.
He sent back a hand-signed letter, I mean, that said,
Thank you very much, Citizen Dave, for your interest in the porcine.
We're preparing a place for you in the re-education camps.
We have your room number and your keys waiting for you in your special hot tub.
And then I wrote a letter back saying the porc problem is probably the most, the biggest problem we have to deal with in these days of post-9-11 surgery.
Well, humanity is in danger of getting thrown out of the cosmic, you know, tent party for crapping in the universal hot tub.

See, you said, yeah, that is true, though.
I'm not sending in their 30 bucks.
The United States Navy is going to build these things that create sounds underwater around 80% of the surface of the oceans,
which will kill all the whales and seals and porpoises, and nobody's going to stop them because they're the U.S. Navy.
What do you mean, Ghana?
Garna.
It's a word we use.
I thought they already did that. They get the most amazing recordings out of that.
Yeah, the whales squealing in agony as the air drums explode. Now, that is a song.
By the time they're gone, we'll have...
We'll have figured out their language.
Well, yeah, by the time they utter their last pained cry of, yeah, pain cry.
Oh, I'm sure they have vials of whale sperm hidden away somewhere.
Ah, yes, long DNA, then short DNA, any kind of whaley whale you want.
How about a Moby-Doby? We've got a blue one, we've got the oversized white ones.
Those whale incubators, though, are really big.
Yeah.
And whale, but there's a booming business in the world.

It's in whale placenta.
Oh, and there's nothing better with a little bit of almond extract.
Whale placenta, shaved almonds. You like to shave your nuts for the whales.
Well, you can get quite a bit from each birth.
Oh, yeah?
From those mighty mammals of the deep, yeah?
So, they're going to give our... They're making, like, little quants that's full of whales.
That's what rich people in Japan are doing, man. All the really... The rich Japanese people.
Those are the cool, beautiful people.
They bathe in whales. Fresh, fresh...
Freshly...
It is so lovely for my skin.
Caught whale placenta.
I just wear a little bit of whale oil on my arms, and look, as smooth as a baby's forehead.
And also, look what it's done for my hair.
So, I'll get you away from the poo-poo stuff.
Hi.
And back into the menstrual placental.
Ah, my favorite place.
The plasma pond of the beginning.
The primal mommy. The original ooze from winter to all spring.
Friends, you and I, each and every one of us, with the Chromosome.
Chromosomes dancing on the backs of our spines.
Like little egg yolks.
Or like little egg yolks.
And can be no more than individual fried eggs.
So, live it up as long as you can.
Send your $30 before you're completely cooked.
Do it.
Do it.
Now.
Now.
Do it before your sex differentiates, while you're still a yolk.
Before the zygote splinters.
Some of us may go in a different direction.
There are X chromosomes.
There are Y chromosomes.
There are now Z chromosomes.
There are Z chromosomes.
Yes, that's right.
Have your genes outgrown you?
What about the anti-chromosomes?
What about them?
They're here with us.
What about them?
Holding their hands and closing their eyes and saying the mantra.
Shoop.
Shoop.
The many moods of an alien.
I descended from monochromes.
I ascended from polychromes.
I descended from morochromes.
I am all chromatic activity.
Repeat this to yourself.
Then sit down and close your eyes, ears, nose, and throat.
For this is your good butt fight.
What?
Insert transition here.
Yeah, right.
Well, I timed it.
I had the guy.
Yeah, I could tell that.
It was a 15 second segue.
Amazing timing.
I laughed so hard.
Sometimes I slow down when I breathe.
It really caught me was the timing.
It was a 15 second segue.
Stang was supposed to say something kind of laconically funny.
And then you were supposed to say something really silly.
I'm going to sit over here and eat my cupcake.
I'll do all that later.
Okay.
So you'll make it sound like you said something laconically silly.
And then Cas said something really silly.
And then, oh no, that's not going to be it.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, whatever.
It doesn't matter.
No.
These people are idiots anyway.
I mean, you put the-
It's not that it's that we trained them.
You sew it together like a piece of stew.
I mean, you just flap a shoe in there.
You put some of your own, I don't want to say the other words, some of your own stuff
in there.
You don't really care what goes in there because you have no respect for your subgenial
listen each week.
What in the world are you talking about?
Oh, I'm just saying the way Stang so haphazardly throws his hours of slack together.
First, he takes all the drugs you can take, heroin, monochrome, and then he takes the






fiemer, that weird poison from South America.
Well, no, that's how you organize each show.
You do heroin-
As a theme.
And then you pick certain material for the heroin-based show.
And then you do a bunch of crack and you pick all the material that goes with that kind
of a-
So, you're just pretty much living the life, aren't you, man?
You're just like out there.
You're just living the life.
You know, and so forth.
Down through-
You really care about your-
Nitrous oxide.
Prozones.
Long jeans and shirt.
That-
See, I can't even remember what the-

I can't even remember what drugs this show was supposed to be.
Stang, you're a loser of your dollars.
Tell me about it.
This is that cut that's 15 different Claudine Leger songs all played on top of each other.
Is there a pill to counteract all those pills?
This is a pill.
This is the red pill.
Oh, God.
I hate the red pill.
Oh, God.
I hate the red pill.

Oh, God.
Oh, God.
I hate the red pill.
This is a pill.
It fights like a bil newer car.
This Norman Walker is a Hillary Clinton glove.

Is that really all the slaves you want here then?
Go on down.


We're all wired into a survival trip now.
No more of the speed that fueled the 60s.
That was the fatal flaw in Tim Leary's trip.
He crashed around America selling consciousness expansion
without ever giving a thought
to the grim meat hook realities that were lying in wait
for all those people who took him seriously.
All those pathetically eager acid freaks
who thought they could buy peace and understanding
for three bucks a hit.
But their loss and failure is ours too.
What Leary took down with him was the central illusion
of a whole lifestyle that he helped create.
A generation of permanent cripples, failed seekers,
who never understood the essential old mystic fallacy
of the acid culture.
The desperate assumption that somebody,
or at least some force,
is tending the light at the end of the tunnel.
We're all wired into a survival trip now.
No more of the speed that fueled the 60s.
That was the fatal flaw in Tim Leary's trip.
What Leary took down with him was the central illusion
of a whole lifestyle that fueled the 70s.


who never understood the essential old mystic fallacy

The desperate assumption that somebody,


or the general in front of him,
was taken by a 효 .
If he grew more principle
he could have made the ultimate G gear like me

and I guess I got out much easier than they had...
Sarah.
Rosary.
And it's so weird,
because the reason I say we all were on another planet

Let's go!
Let's go!
Number, please.
One, three.
Oh.
One, three.
Thank you.
Hello?
This is Marlowe.
Why didn't you telephone?
I didn't have a nickel.
Oh, what did you find at the lake?
Shut up and get me my number.
Who's being cute?
Now.
You are.
What?
Did you ever try to pull anybody out of the telephone booth?
Yeah.
Muriel Chester and San Bernardino.
What's this, Crystal Kingsman?
Coming to that.
Oh.
What man?
The guy I didn't know his name.
Oh.
Marlowe, where do you usually spend Christmas Eve?
To the gas station.
On the South Road.
Oh.
Where do you?
In Little Fawn Lake.
It's a place in the mountains beyond Arrowhead.
Oh, brother.
Here we are.
How did I get here?
Thirty days in the water.
Luckily a sailor came along.
What's the matter?
There isn't much left of her.
Shut up.
This is Marlowe by Lemur and before that the Broken Circle Gospel DVD.
This is Marlowe by Lemur and before that the Broken Circle Gospel DVD.

With Sister Sugar live at the Blind Lemon Divival they are doing Spirit in the Sky.
Do you think it's alright to ring our land in a ring of iron?
I'm trying to wind it up here.
The road goes on forever.
They're exaggerating the harmfulness of uranium or plicoidium, whatever that is.
What expense?
You just squirt it out of your, the ship, out of the ship.





That tube of yours.
I like any common ejaculating orangutan.
It's the used squirt thing, only it's plutonium and it's spent.
Talk about that.
I can see why they call him Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Don't get too close.
Not Popular Cowboy Dave.
No, don't.
Now, that was it.
Now, I remember Popular Cowboy Dave.
Yes, I do.
He was tall.
He was rich.
And intelligent.
And Christ-like.
Popular Cowboy Dave was.
But, well, we're going to have Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
That's a good name.
Popular Christ-like Dave.
Popular Christ-like Stang.
And Popular Christ-like Chaz.
And, of course, Popular Christ-like Wee, even though she's a female.
Well, there was Popular Bullgirl Davina.
Oh, Popular Bullgirl Davina?
Yeah.
Was she Christ-like in her appearance?
No, no.
No, no.
She was just popular.
No shining.
Like a lonely traveler in the night.
Yeah.
Well, okay.
You know, that's what happens to some of them when they can't find that spot.
You know, when they can't reach down there far enough.
That's me, man.
Yeah, me too.
We keep on looking for the itchy, slingy, ooze, squirt mechanism, and it doesn't ever shine for a lot of us.
Speak for yourself, Dave.
I am speaking for myself.
Oh.
All right.
That's my bovine boy, Dave.
Hey, look.
You say Yaka Tees, man.
And you're just deluding yourself.
I say Yaka Tees.
We're all lonesome, lonely stars in the night.
Lonely lights in the night.
We're just...
We come in alone.
We go out alone.
And you go out alone.
Ship's passing in the night, baby.
That's right.
You bring your hair off in the middle.
That's the bottom line.
You come in alone.
You go out alone.
That's why you should spend the night with me, baby.
You squirt.
Sometimes.
Sometimes.
Sometimes.
Sometimes.
Sometimes.
Sometimes.
Sometimes.




Loneliness in for just a little while.
Just you, me, and Bob.
Come on.
What do you say?
Come on.
Be Christ-like.
Just for a moment.
But you haven't seen the other cages.
Don't worry, Boris.
We'll get to all of the cages eventually.
But first, you must climb into and then escape the cage of Bob.
Check out www.subgenius.com or write to me, Reverend Ivan Stang, at P.O.
807.
Glenn.
Rose.
Texas.
76043.
Or subgenius at P.O.
Box 807.
Glenn Rose.
Texas.
76043.
For you must heed my words.
They pay no heed to us.
You notice that?
They have their world and we have ours.
I was believing in you.
You have KEYgruppery for me while you have no other choice at all.
And they always thought this would save the world.
Happiness would bring that chance.
You heard me, Alan.
I was so adamant about my triquet right?

I mean, I was feeling desperate.
I was facial up against it.









Heart Ignition, and now, Lemur.
A dimension in another dimension.
More saris.
A pad?
Jonathan went into manipulation.
A man, a dummy, a wooden twilight zone.
Pretty bright little guy.
Hey!
Hey!
Ow!
Ow!
What?
That's insider tush.
The meat is actually not yet sold to a foolhardy head.
This program was made possible by the John Foundation.
Bye-bye, everybody.
A disappointed çok imaginary
DAB
THE END
FINALLY
casa
LA Journaling ikke
Thank you.
