This is blotched and blurred for dirt and stars.
If you go outside right now and look up about 20 degrees above the northwestern horizon,
you'll see a bright light in the heavens.
No, you won't.
This is what we call a celestial conjunction between the Pleiades and Uranus.
No, it isn't.
Shut up!
Yes, it is!
Uh-uh.
Look, it's right here on the star chart.
Well, the chart's wrong. The Pleiades are over there.
And I know where Uranus is because you've got your head stuffed up.
Ooh, look, something's up there in the sky, Miss Werner Von Brownnose.
Well, it ain't the freaking Pleiades, you scat.
Oh, I've been taking enough crap off of you.
Oh, you are.
Oh, I've been wanting to kill you for some.
Listen, this is the Galactic Hyperspace Planet Council.
As you will know, there were no plans for the development of the outlying regions of the Western Spiral Arm.
The galaxy required the building of a hyperspace express route through your star system.
I regret to be left with your planet is one of those in the schedule for ,
The process will take slightly less than two of your as I say. Thank you very much.
Please spare me!
What is this?
the Arnold Report precipitated an avalanche of sightings
from cities, towns, villages, from every section of the country.
Look, there it is.
And it goes without saying, it caused him to empty his bowels.
This is an outrage.
And yes, dear friends, this particular hour of Slack number 1420
is actually an episode of Reverend Susie the Flusie's
Bob's Slack Time Funhouse from beautiful WREK Atlanta.
Praise Bob and praise Susie.
Tell me, young man, what new reports are you getting
on unidentified flying objects?
Flying saucers?
Oh, they keep coming in every once in a while,
but we don't take them too seriously.
Oh, no?
Of course not.
It must be amusing to a man in your line of work
to hear about all these screwball reports.
It is my firm opinion that these sightings
should be investigated most meticulously.
You don't believe that these flying saucers actually exist, do you?
And how can you be so certain they don't, Mr. Chum?
Well, I just don't believe it.
Our minds should be open.
And I know all subjects.
Wrong conclusions are usually the result
of lack of comprehensive analysis.
Of course.
Well, thank you, Doctor.
I won't take up any more of your time.
And I'll let you read the article before I send it in.
Thank you, Mr. Chum.
I'll be looking forward to it.
You flee out of this world
When I'm gone
Looking at you
I hear
Out of this world
The music that no mortal ever knew
You're right
Out of a book
The fairy tale I read when I was so high
You're right





No armored knight
Out of a book
Was more enchanted
By a lower life
Than I
Hey!
They cut me off!
They got my truck!
Oh, seekers.
Seekers?
Welcome.
Back to Bob's Slack Time Funhouse.
W-R-E-K Atlanta is back online
Just in time for X-Day, as we're calling it.
Oh, yes.
I know the aliens were supposed to come down last year,
but hey, I can't figure out a bank book myself,
much less an alien civilization's concept of time.
Ah, hell.
Maybe it's some sort of
daylight savings error or something.
I don't know.
But no matter, seekers.
Because I really feel it in my bones this time.
Yes!
Yes!
This time we shall escape into the stars
with our excess deliverers.
Escape into a bright new firmament
of joy and rapture
and endless, endless slack!
Oh, yes.
This July 5th,
I will finally be ensconced
in the brain-blistering embrace of Bob.
Oh, yes.
Nestled in the warm lap of our savior.
Feeling that unidentified something
poking me in the butt.
Oh.
Just a consummation devoutly
to be wished, seekers.
Let's wish real hard.
Well,
there was something up there in that sky.
And if they were not,
they're not balloons.
I don't know what to think.
Oh, just give the great unwashed
a pair of oversized breasts
and a happy ending
and they'll oink for more every time.
Whee!
That a...
Whee!
That a get-out-now-boy.
Whee!
There were literally hundreds of cases
where Air Defense Command pilots
had attempted to intercept UFOs.
Very well.
Change course to intercept.
Lieutenant to Uhura.
Sound yellow alert.
Aye, Captain.
Bridge to engineering.
Engineer and Scott here, Captain.
Scotty, we're heading for a violent energy disturbance
of as yet unidentified origins.
We may have to do some jumping about.
Stand by.
Ready back here, sir.
Good. Bridge out.
Range is still considerable, sir.
Full power on the long-range sensors, Mr. Solo.
Wide screen if possible.
Working on it, sir.
We're getting something.
What the...
Most remarkable.
What is it?
The intergalactic laxative
will get you from here to there.
For cosmic constipation,
there's none that can compare.
If sitting is your problem
when you're out there in the stars,
oh, the intergalactic laxative,
the intergalactic laxative,
the intergalactic laxative
will get you from here to Mars.
I was talking with Mrs. Collins today.
She tells me her husband's cousin
works with a man who swears he saw a flying saucer.
Uh-uh.
I thought I told you that term was taboo in this house.
Do you really think
they might be from Mars or someplace?
Look, honey,
don't you get like the rest of those screwballs
that I have in my hair all day.
You, too, can be a Martian.
Right on!
Every time some kid flies a kite,
50 different people see spaceships.
Come on, let's get to bed.
Baby, it bouts
building a palace
made out of diamonds, smiles, and miles
and all we've got
candy and stuff
and all that stuff
and all that stuff

all of the thing
we dream of
baby, it bouts
taking a spaceship
into outer space
land on a moon
space suits and boots
and everything
that's cool
They don't partake
like you and I
for beefy burger mush
their food is specially themed
Be prepared to dissolve into slush, absorbed by multi-fibers in the super diaper suit.
Otherwise the slush would trickle down inside the boot.
I'll never walk among the stars, nor glimpse the dark side of the moon.
Never fly to distant Mars.
I'll never walk among the stars.
I'll never float for weightless hours, or see the shining earth arise.
Live through any springs like ours.
I'll never walk among the stars.
Those men who venture into space see things I'll never see.
I'd like to be in their place, though I'll never be.
And as they move through the unknown, can't help thinking though I'm not going,
that I'll never be the same.
Since then.
I'll never walk among the stars.
I'll never walk among the stars.
Perhaps I'll walk among the stars and glimpse the dark side of the moon.
Then I'll fly to distant Mars.
Perhaps I'll walk among the stars.
Perhaps I'll float for weightless hours and see the shining earth arise.
Live through other springs like ours.
Perhaps I'll walk among the stars.
This town has always been my home.
I've never drifted far.
Much less had a chance to walk among the stars.
But earth still holds a dream I see.
There is space inside of me.
And a galaxy of people yet to know.
So...
Someday I'll walk among the stars and glimpse the dark side of the moon.
Then I'll fly to distant Mars.
Someday I'll walk among the stars.
Perhaps I'll walk among the stars.
Someday I'll float for weightless hours and see the shining earth arise.
Live through other springs like ours.
Someday.
Someday.
Someday.
Someday.
Someday.
Someday.

Someday.
Someday.
Someday.
Someday.
Someday.

Someday.
Someday.
Someday.
Someday.
Someday.
Yeaaah.
Someday.
Someday.
Someday.
Someday.
Someday.
Someday.
Someday.
Someday.
Someday.
Someday.
Someday.
Someday.
Someday.
Someday.
Someday.
Someday.
Someday.
As an example of the credible type of sightings reported by reputable, trained observers was the report of Captain Willis Sperry.
The report of Captain Willis Sperry was reported by reputable, trained observers was the report of Captain Willis Sperry.
The operations officer. It appeared brown and white. The commanding officer. It could be seen plainly with the naked eye.
The statements were typed up for the necessary signatures as the interrogation concluded. There was one point on which there was some disagreement.
I hear you've been baking donuts.
Damn you!
Hey, boys will be boys.
Quiet, you awful man.
Look!
Well, there's my ride.
Group of objects in the sky. Machine identification.
I pulled over to the side of the road, stopped, got out, looked up and saw the objects.
There were about twelve of them in a rough formation proceeding in a westerly direction.
They were like nothing I'd ever seen before, although I'd lost some two thousand hours in the air.
They were identical in appearance.
How would you describe these objects?
Like two saucers. One inverted over the other.
I had no means of judging the altitude. It appeared to me to be about the size of B-29s at ten thousand feet.
So this thing was up there all the time, being observed by various personnel from airfields all over that area?
Correct. And they were seeing it.
We checked with our contract astronomer.
Let's go burn down the observatory so this'll never happen again!
We got a report that you spotted a UFO.
I didn't see any UFOs.
That's right.
You're right, miss. You didn't.
How long have you been in Air Force Intelligence?
Two years.
Ever come across any cases you couldn't solve?
We have unsolved cases, yes. Cases where good solid blips appeared and no known objects in the area.
Then, too, we have cases of fantastic speed.
Exactly what do you mean by fantastic speed?
I mean speeds greater than any achieved by man.
How much greater?
Thousands of miles per hour.
Thousands of miles? What's your idea of what they are?
All I can say is unknown.
You must remember that I've been restricted to only radar contacts.
I have no experience with visual contacts.
What do you think about the chances of these objects having intelligence behind their control?
All I can say is I have an open mind.
Why shouldn't the government just own up to the fact that there's something that comes and goes here?
Perhaps the issue is one of control.
If they have no control over what's happening, if they can't stop it, then they can't do anything.
Why would they want to admit that?
The Air Force's interest in this problem has been due to our feeling of an obligation to identify and analyze to the best of our ability anything in the air that may have the possibility of threat or menace to the United States.
In pursuit of this obligation, since 1947,
we have received and analyzed between one and two thousand reports that have come to us from all kinds of sources.
Of this great mass of reports, we have been able adequately to explain the great bulk of them, explain them to our own satisfaction.
We've been able to explain them as hoaxes, as erroneously identified friendly aircraft,
as meteorological objects, as a kind of a threat to the United States.
As biological or electronic phenomena, or as light...
Jump for it!
However, there have been a certain percentage of this volume of reports that have been made by credible observers of relatively incredible things.
It is this group of observations that we now are attempting to resolve.
We have, as of date, come to only one firm conclusion with respect to this remaining percentage.
And that is that it does not contain any pattern of purpose or of consistency that we can relate to any conceivable threat to the United States.
We can say that the recent sightings are in no way connected with any theory that we have been able to find.
We have been able to find a secret development by any agency of the United States.
There are polls that say that young people in their twenties think it's more likely that they will see UFOs than that they will ever collect social security.
You will see! You will see!
I think you stopped them, Bob!
I did, Mom. I did, by course.
That's the fella that started it.
Well, we can't compete with that, but... but nothing!
People! People! Space monsters! This is going nowhere!
There's only one man who can settle an argument this bizarre.
Yes, um, I'm aware that Bob is doing some research on this also.
Yes.
And he is documenting the corporate and government connection with this.
And he's finding a connection of unmarked helicopters in the Chesapeake Bay area,
sometimes doing surveillance on abductees, and sometimes being seen in the same sighting as a UFO.
Have you also found these kind of phenomena?
Yes, I know Bob.
He's an unidentified flying object. You will see him in the air.
He's an unidentified flying object and you will drop your hands and stare.
You won't be afraid to tell your neighbors. They might think that it's not true.
But when you open up the morning papers,
you will know they've seen it too.
He will come back like he promised, with a price already paid.
He will gather up his followers and take them all away.
He's an unidentified flying object.
You will sweep down from the sky.
He's an unidentified flying object.
You will sleep, but will not die.
He's an unidentified flying object, coming back to take you home.
He's an unidentified flying object.
He will roll away your stone.
Music
And if there's life on other planets, then I'm sure that he must know.
And he's been there once already and has died to save their souls.
He's an unidentified flying object.
You will see him in the air.
He's an unidentified flying object.
And you will drop your hands and stare.
He's an unidentified flying object, coming back to take you home.
He's an unidentified flying object.
He will roll away.
He's an unidentified flying object.



You will roll away your stone.
Captain's Log,
star date 6134.6,
a mysterious time slowdown
we're experiencing
has affected
not only every crew member on board,
but all the Enterprise's instruments
and computer banks.
It's as if time itself
were winding down
and us with it.
Sensory readings
confirm my hypothesis, Captain.
The slowdown phenomena
did not initiate
until we came within
three light years
of that peculiar
high-density energy field
directly ahead.
You sure must come,
you smart bastard!
We're all going to die!
Colonel Goddard,
Chief of the Air Force
Photo Reconnaissance Laboratories,
reported that three of his men
flying a B-29
were tracking a weather balloon
over Georgia.
Oh, welcome, Seekers!
Suddenly, an unidentified flying object
appeared and flew alongside the balloon.
After a few moments,
the object dived
and made a pass at the balloon.
I said cut it out!
Then proceeded to disappear.
When the balloon was recovered,
it had a six-foot rent in it.
Colonel Goddard's men believed
this unidentified flying object
made the tear in the balloon.
Goddard vouched for his men
making the report,
stating that they were highly experienced
and reliable Air Force personnel.
The reason that we liked
to occasionally do a host
was for our own amusement,
but if there were a serious purpose,
more to keep the UFO field alive
during slack periods,
hoping that the public's interest,
or at least the UFO fans' interest,
would not slack off.
And since I at least felt
that there was a serious mystery
behind all this,
I didn't want to see the field die out,
and I thought it was
a good idea to keep it rolling.
Thank you, Bob!
Thank you, Bob!
Thank you, Bob!
Thank you, Bob!

Thank you, Bob!
Thank you, Bob!
Thank you, Bob!
Thank you very much.
Out of the shadows
I see him at night
Jet black hair
and skin so white
Down by the river
where nobody goes
Watching how the jellyfish blows
I'm not from here,
I'm from space
I don't belong in this place
When I have reached
my sixteenth year
I don't belong in this place

A vessel will take me out of here
A vessel will take me out of here
Into the house
with dogs living there
Mounds of dog hair
cover the stairs
Mother hides her dog hair
in her room with no light
Her hair jet black
Her skin so white
I'm not from here,
I'm from space
I don't belong in this place
When I have reached
my sixteenth year
A vessel will take me out of here
A vessel will take me out of here
A vessel will go where I second year
Randy turned sixteen
in a room painted black
picked up a guitar
kicked up a guitar
and let it be back.
Learned all his favorite leads by heart.
Did never hear the rest of the parts.
I'm not from here, I'm from space.
I don't belong in this place.
When I have reached my 16th year,
a vessel will take me out of here.
I'm not from here, I'm from space.

I don't belong in this place.
I don't belong in this place.
I don't belong in this place.

Greetings, friends.
I am Uriel, and we are Unarius,
and preparing the Earth people for the great space fleet landing,
the starship landing.
Excellent.
Now the fun begins.
Excellent.

Excellent.
The lunar dust of Talon's moon drifted up in a small eddy,
disturbed by the vortex of transporter energy which swirled above it.
Seconds later, the dust of that moon was marked by Kirk's footsteps.
Kirk peered through the faceplate of his environmental suit
at what waited for him on the brightly lit lunar landscape.
Three more columns of sparkling light appeared.
Spock, McCoy, and Uhura.
Kirk heard Uhura gasp in astonishment.
Spock immediately held up a vacuum-armored tricorder.
Fascinating.
McCoy checked his own scanners in disbelief.
Then his voice crackled over the helmet speaker.
On the barren rocks and soil of Talon's moon,
beneath the blazing radiation of unfiltered sunlight,
and completely exposed to the hard vacuum of space,
there was life.
Kirk moved forward with long, low-gravity strides to meet it.
What he approached was obviously a base of sorts.
About twenty of the sleek, pinch-waisted shuttles
were hidden in the shadows of a rocky overhang.
The shuttles were stacked on top of each other
like a pile of kindling.
The overhang had protected them from direct overhead observation
by the Talon and the FCO.
Though Kirk couldn't understand why the rest of the base
had not been detected by the FCO's long-range scans,
nor had any scan detected the aliens.
And there were hundreds of them.
The aliens' black and silver segmented bodies
reminded Kirk of meter-long wasps.
But they moved across the lunar soil like spiders
on eight spindly silver legs.
Cautiously, Kirk and the rest of the landing party
edged closer to the creatures as they swarmed around their shuttles
and massed near several large silver and black domes
that were scattered on the rocky surface.
Uhura motioned toward the aliens.
Are they machines?
Kirk saw the communications specialist
working with a large flat computer board
with controls enlarged for use by personnel in protective gear.
Kirk was fascinated by the aliens' thin legs.
They seemed to be made of solid metal.
Are they some kind of artificial construct, Spock?
Organics built into a mechanical shell?
I see no indication of anything artificial in their structure, Captain.
I believe that these are living creatures,
either genetically engineered or independently evolved
to consume radiation and live in hard vacuum.
Sir?
It was Uhura.
I am picking up a great deal of low-level radio static,
and it seems to be coming from these...
things.
Uhura, is there any chance that the creatures are communicating by radio transmissions?
Why not?
I'll try to link up with one.
Uhura approached two of the creatures
who were stroking a small silverish bubble
that appeared to have sprouted from the ground.
Kirk leaned down to get a better look at the creatures.
Spock, any idea what those bubbles are,
or what they're made from?
The domes are composed of the same substances
as the alien creatures,
and their shuttles.
Spock glanced down at his tricorder.
Captain, I believe that we must be looking at different versions
of the same life form,
or at the very least,
different species who share the same evolutionary past.
Are you saying the shuttles and the domes are also alive?
Spock pointed his tricorder in the direction of one of the large black and silver bubble domes.
It was nearly five meters across.
Essentially, yes.
Odd.
Spock continued to read from his tricorder.
There also appears to be a pressurized atmosphere inside this dome.
Well insulated, and with a quantity of liquid.
Water?
Grr!
Ah!
Ew!
You may well ask now what becomes of liquid they consume.
A pipe is led from penis head to a unit in the room.
The water is recirculated, filtered for reuse.
In case of anti-gravity, it gets on the loose.
That's a relief.
Let's get out of here, guys!
Yeah, let's go!
Who?
Yeah, I hate getting wet.
I wonder which button to press now?
I don't know, but here goes.
Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep.
Oh, another button, Billy!
The water's getting deep out there!
Yeah, I think we're starting to float.
Good to hit the right one this time!
I hope so.
Click.
Over ten years ago, extraterrestrial life beings of incredible love imparted a supreme gift to a woman in Houston, Texas.
They gave her the process for a transformational water to unfold higher spiritual awareness,
create greater mental and emotional balance, and cleanse the cells in the body.
Here is Fantasia, the gift from the stars.
Fantasia, just $79.95 for each lifetime dose.
Order now.
The commercial aspects of the saucer situation were not overlooked.
Alert businessmen and manufacturers came up with all sorts of oddities.
The practical joker moved in.
Homemade saucers of all kinds and descriptions began to turn up promiscuously.
Within a few months of the original saucer report, practically everyone in America was conscious of flying saucers.
This man in the saucer, can you describe him?
Well, sir, he was small and skinny.
His head was pointed, came to a very sharp point.
He had long, green hair.
His eyes were a sort of purplish red.
He had large ears which were formed like an antenna.
His teeth were perfect, but spread far apart.
And I noticed, too, a jacket of some sort of spun glass and bright red metallic hues.
Well, friends, that just shows how much they trusted Bob.
They didn't trust Bob Dobbs.
Didn't trust him $20 worth.
$35.
Okay, fine. Fine. No skin off our teeth.
Pay lip service.
Wear that Bob t-shirt.
Be real hip.
But when those saucers come,
well, you're either on the bus or you're off the bus, as those great proto sub-genii used to say.
The dumbest nerd could get on the bus for $20.
Well, actually, those $20 don't count.
Their souls go into the cylinders that we trade for.
But they should be proud that their souls, such as they are, at least made it possible for their betters,
to ride the escape vessels of the sex goddesses.
Well, Mr. Stang, it was an almost foolproof plan.
Son of a bitch!
Have you been working on anything that would make sense of what happened here, ma'am?
Certainly, Mr. Scott.
Well, did you find anything?
I believe I said I am working on it, Mr. Scott.
Any chance of coming up with something in the next 30 minutes?
Hurry, Bob!
Spock's answer took Scott by surprise.
What? You mean that?
You'll have the answer that quickly?
From the center of the lab, another transporter chimed in.
It was louder than before.
Multiple beams coming in.
As I said earlier, Spock continued, I have been waiting for the others to arrive.
The more lurid sections of the press reported that fragments of Mantell's plane were found to be radioactive.
Some news sources reported that an autopsy revealed that Mantell had been killed by some kind of death ray unknown to our men of science.
These reports were false.
Because certain publications persisted in using a sensational approach in reporting sightings,
there were increasing demands from the public for an explanation.
However, the air force was not ready to respond.
The Air Force had already taken official cognizance of the flying disks.
Headquarters, United States Air Forces, issued a directive.
UFO is a bucket of sh**.
Whether or not you believe in spacecraft,
whether you are aware and conscious of the many, many thousands of higher intelligent super beings
that are projecting their love and their light and their intelligence to the Earth world,
whether you are aware of these so-called psychic happenings,
do, above all things, believe and be aware that we brothers all, one and all, and we number in the many thousands,
we are projecting to you with all of our hearts the infinite love that stems from the most high dimensions.
Once he realized that my mind was made up, he made another suggestion.
It was due to this casual suggestion that I walked right into the middle of the flying saucer story.
What's new on this saucer story, Al?
We have nothing on it.
Project Sign is closed.
The A.T.I.C. is no longer investigating these things.
How stupid can they get?
How can they drop an investigation when there are things going on like this Sioux City incident?
Look, George, I don't make policy around here.
I've got a job and I take my orders just like everybody else.
They insisted I make another call for verification with A.T.I.C.
I indicated to one of the reporters to pick up the extension and listen in.
Wouldn't it be grand if you and I could just go away forever?
Some enchanted land, you know, you and I belong together
Like birds of a feather
Come with me and take me by the hand
And you will fly away
On a magic-gun ride
You may have ten eye spots
And a shell made of chrome
You may consume giant tube worms
And cause sulfur pool in your home
You may live on a red planet
With twelve beautiful eyes
And beautiful moons
You may eat with tentacles
Instead of with spoons
We have a lot in common
Though it seems so long ago
We were once organic dust molds
Floating through space
Together in the cold
We are part of the same
Galactic living family
You may be microscopic
And live with billions of your peers
You may be gigantic
And have elephant-sized ears
Your head may be all nose
And you see not a bit
You may tell stories
But the odors you emit
We are stardust
We are amino acid-like forms
Out of an interstellar dust cloud
We were born
We are part of the same
Galactic living family
We are part of the same
Galactic living family
Could these saucers be some kind of a secret weapon of ours?
No.
If they were,
Air Materiel Command would be free.
If these are not your first to know,
How about a device from a foreign country?
We know they're not.
Not anymore.
What is your opinion, Colonel?
I don't have any opinion, Al.
Line three.
Colonel Goddard's on the phone.
He's got a hot UFO report.
I want you to listen in on him.
OK Colonel, shoot!
こと açça vai reforçar aqui?
You're a4 застрелок
Hamidky tip arose a instant farm
Realize what?
A port virus. A port virus.
Inceptible fragments are still uncarried.
Crystal domes and leaving things.
Silent thoughts all the way.
Lying low and clicking trees.
Trying to dodge the military.
In the space race.
While we're happy.
A team panic.
Touchdown on this tiny planet.
Give some nitro.
Maple nattles.
And say nothing ever happens.
Nothing ever happens.
In the space race.
In the space race.
In the space race.
In the space race.
In the space race.
In the space race.
WBC politics and scientists see science tricks.
They're a dose of statistics and nothing's in between for them.
A human problem that leads us far too far.
Our whole society is suffocated to it.
Jon Vazio The
Armageddon
The
prit
The
P
P
Dre
Crazy human eyes.
Crazy human eyes.
In the space race.
Space race.
I accompanied intelligence officers on investigations.
I witnessed the difficulty in breaking down and gaining the confidence of those who were reluctant to talk about their experiences for fear of personal ridicule and embarrassment.
Others were cooperative.
I observed the technique of thorough interrogation used by Blue Book's analysis and investigative staff.
In almost every case, I heard the same words used to describe the sighting.
These words were...
There I was, having a great time in the backyard, when without warning, I was abducted.
Abducted by aliens.
Warning! Warning! Prepare to be abducted!
Congratulations! You have been selected for our cross-breeding program.
To put you at ease, we have recreated the most common spawning locations of your species.
You may choose either the backseat of a Camaro, an airplane bathroom,
a friend's wedding, or the alley behind a porno theater.
I absolutely refuse to go along with this.
But since I have no choice, I'll take the alley.
Hey, wait!
Hey, where am I?
Oh, we're crying out loud.
What are you crying?
Oh, this looks like the alley behind the church we're at this week.
Wow!
Look at that weird thing.
Looks like some sort of machine or something.
Maybe it's a spaceship.
Wait till I tell the rest of the guys.
Hey, Rodney!
Ow!
Hurry up!
What's all the hurry, BB?
Okay.
Meanwhile...
Initiate fertilization procedure.
Oh, you look lovely this evening.
Have you decreased in mass?
I tried to resist, but they applied powerful mind confusion techniques.
Look behind you!
Insemination complete.
Really?
That seemed awfully quick.
What are you implying?
Nothing, nothing.
Whoa, wow, look at the time.
I'd love to stay, but I have an early meeting tomorrow.
You're a super girl, though.
I'll call you sometime.
Okay.
I'm gonna go.
Okay.

I love you.
I'll call you.
Hey, wait!
Kurt watched as the busy alien near Uhura finished ripping apart its victim.
He wondered what was going on in the creature's mind.
According to Uhura, there was a way to find out.
He moved closer to the alien who had been disturbed by McCoy's shadow.
Uhura.
Uhura?
Can you link my helmet communicator to this one right here?
Uhura brought her board over.
Hi, sir.
Setting the frequencies now.
Go ahead.
Kirk moved to cast his shadow on the creature.
The translator circuits came to life instantly.
Strange life.
Blocked food.
Over here.
Over here.
Strange life.
Strange life.
Blocked food.
Kirk spoke.
Would you like the food to continue?
Yes.
Food.
Heat.
Uhura's link worked both ways.
Kirk stepped aside.
Then, after a few moments, he blocked the sun once more.
The creature went into its recitation.
I remember rubbing it on him.
I found it covered in a huge clicking human skin.

I didn't know if it was really human
modification or the negative patipedia.
and then our part of maybe emotional or whatever, you know what I mean, split.
Just take your DNA and go, take what you want and put theirs in.
Like that.
Yeah.
That's what they're doing.
And then it also makes me wonder if they're taking all our stuff and screwing us up
and then making us sterile.
Yeah, that's right.
Because it's awful funny that a lot of women,
and after they have this program go on,
then they've got to have this direct abuse and all this trash and with the estrogen and all that.
Did you ever ask them how they thought it was for them,
if it was right for them to come down and just take the parts that they needed and stuff?
I protested.
Give me back my belly fruit!
Then it was just, it's necessary.
It's necessary.
So they...
So what?
They're going to do what they want to do regardless of what we think.
It don't matter whether we want them to or not, they're going to do it anyway.
More or less.
In other words, we have no say.
We've got no choice.
It's necessary.
But what gives them the right...
You can't stop them.
Exactly.
Yeah, but what gives them the right to do something like this?
Well, the feeling I've got from them is like...
You know, you don't like it.
They're...
They have nothing we can do about it.
As far as they're concerned...
We don't matter.
The survival of them...
Of their race...
Yeah.
Is more important.
Is more important.
And how.
At this point, the crucial issue appears to be whether or not...
A trick!
I see through you now.
There is no such thing as a united federation of planets.
Yes.
It was a low ploy of you, blasphemer, to attempt to fool me into assuming a weaker tactical position.
You are quick, quick, evil monster.
Did you truly think to trick me, me, with such a feeble lie?
This united federation, this tiny fabrication masquerading as an inhabited ship,
is but a decoy manufactured in your own perverted factories.
You will pay for that.
Die, social misfit!
I shall extinguish your noisomeness, imperial vileness!
What is your own sense now of the role that these reptilian lizard people are playing in all of this?
Versus these greys with the big black eyes?
At first, when a different kind of pupil came up,
it came up with, well, what people are calling hybrids.
For example, in these two children, which are part human and part...
...otherworld.
You can see they have a similar vertical pupil.
And this was described by the abductee as being hybrids.
Half human and half something else.
It was a very emotional experience.
You intergalactic hussy! How could you?
Was he better than me?
Mom. Mom?
What's your own personal...
...opinion right now on what the hybrid story is?
Is it real?
Is it something we don't understand?
It's a difficult story to completely understand.
Although it's very clear that they are taking samples of eggs and sperm.
And they are doing something with them.
And they are producing odd-looking babies,
which do look half like humans and half like them.
And the detail there is strikingly similar.
The thin hair.
And their large eyes.
But very frail-looking bodies.
Mom! Mom! Mom!
You're not looking in the mirror.
What's the mirror?
That's the big city word for reversifying glass.
Ah.
Captain.
We have passed out the phaser range.
Shall I arm the photon torpedoes?
If it can withstand the big bang, Mr. Chekov...
...I don't think there's much we'd be able to do to it.
But Spock disagreed.
It could not have survived the beginning of our universe in that form.
As it exists now, it is vulnerable to our weapons.
USA! USA!
No. I have no more curiosity about this bizarre cover-up.
Green's friends, as Uriel would say.
Say what? That's what I said.
What is that supposed to mean?
So there you have it, Seekers.
A coming global, nay, cosmic apocalypse.
And you have just enough time...
...to write for free information on how the greasier took us out of the Squisher...
...just in time to board the escape vessels of the sex goddesses from Planet X.
Are you lucky or what?
Well, you won't be lucky this July 5th when X-Day roars in...
...if you haven't made your peace with Bob.
A good way is to tear off a piece of yourself...
...your wallet's a darn good start...
...and slip that sucker into an envelope...
...and send it to Bob at P.O. Box 181417...
...Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118...
...to get details on how to get that fool's golden certificate...
...that'll get you out of total incineration...
...or triple your money back.
Oh, what more reason do you need to finally break down and write?
Hey, even I would.
Oh, and tonight we had some wonderful helping hands in the mix.
Oh, what did we have?
We had Steve Lawrence singing Out of This World...
...a beautiful subgenius hymn.
There are so many of them when you get down to it.
Oh, and a couple of big chunks of the Tinklers...
...my favorite living room band...
...with two songs...
...Randy...
...that one, I'm not from here, I'm from space...
...oh, how I love that song this time of year...
...and Galactic Living Family.
Oh, yes, and there was a little Donovan with intergalactflaxative in there.
I've always wanted an excuse to play that one.
And then Space Race was by M.I. Sex...
...and then there was some 60s era psychedelia...
...in there by a short live concept band called The Griffin.
Oh, crazy hillbilly abductees from...
...oh, something I taped so long ago I don't even remember where I got it.
And tonight we're going to wrap it up with a little John Fogerty...
...with a beautiful song called Sail Away.
And here's hoping we'll all be sailing away on the cosmic breezes...
...to a bright new subgenius hymn...
...that will be playing at the Seacrest tomorrow.
Oh, Seacrest...
...I can taste the slack already.
Good night.
Milk, milk, milk, where's the meat?
And if they were not balloons, I don't know what to think.
Yeah, yeah.
Welcome to Sibling, a national park originally documented as a

...abo Lac 너шок...
...уз ruimarda...
... JP's


Mama, come look quick. There's light up in the sky. I see the silent ship and it's calling you and I.
And if you listen close, the reasons all come clear. I'm ready now to go. There's nothing left to fear.
Well, there's nothing left to fear.
Leaving all of this pain behind, gonna sail away.
Letting all of these chains unwind, gonna steal away.
Mama, come look quick. Do I see an open door?
The passageway is lit and it's time to get on board.
What wonders we will see, what beauty to my eyes.
So come along with me across the rainbow sky.
Across the rainbow sky.
Leaving all of this pain behind, gonna sail away.
Letting all of these chains unwind, gonna fly away.
Making over this troubled mind, gonna walk it once away.
Leaving all of this doubt behind, gonna sail away.
Mama, come look quick. There's light up in the sky.
I see the silent ship and it's calling you and I.
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music

Music
Music

You've been listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information, write to P.O. Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118 or see www.subgenius.com.
Praise Bob!
Thank you.
