Welcome to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack, sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
The Subgenius Hour of Slack that you are about to listen to is specially designed only to be played on radio station
and only in the city of...
We are enslaved. We are in sin.
Perhaps four is better.
If he'd gone up like he went up, he would have come down like he came down.
Don't take a ride. Don't take a ride.
They're in Lithuanian refugee camps right now waiting to take your address, your cards, your numbers, your phone calls.
But some of them want to hear your ideas about a universe.
Perhaps a whole entire...
I heard to mention, which is not only flip-flop from ours, but it's just diasporopically totally...
I am mildly amused by the strategy to shoot anything that moves.
I kind of...
That's an interesting strategy.
That has evolved over the years.
Just go anything that moves in an area.
Segregate off that area.
Just, you know, isolate the area.
Cover it with planes.
And if something moves, shoot.
Shoot it.
Right. That's a great idea.
It would have worked in Vietnam if they'd let us off the leash.
We had to kill that country to save it, and I'm glad we did.
Fighting soldiers.
And we're going to kill every country in the world we can to save every country.
I'm sorry. I...
Stop that. Don't like that.
Oh, Dave, you peacenik.
Look, man, have you got an objection to killing humans?
Not really.
Maybe you can back your cart right off my...
Oh, I can't.
That's that blood cult, man.
I don't want anything to do with your blood cults.
This planet's got too many blood cults.
Well, no, this is love.
I'm talking about love.
You know, we...
Love cults.
It's tough love.
I think I'd like to be blood cult.
I've heard that tough love thing.
You know, it's just like...
It's just a euphemism for blood cult.
Yes, it does.
It does sound...
Just a euphemism.
It's just a nicer, kinder, gentler way of saying blood cult.
Really?
Really.
Yeah.
I think.
Of course, I'm kind of like a sponge.
You know?
You know, I really have no real ideas of concrete value of my own.
I just agree with everything.
Humans are, you know.
It's like...
That does sound good.
That does sound good to me.
I mean, it's everywhere, you know?
You've got to look at what's in front of you.
Humans.
You can't go thinking too hard.
No, actually, you know, there are probably, in that terrible war-torn land,
there's probably a hell of a lot of unsaved subgeniuses who've never heard the word of Bob,
hate what they're doing, hate where they're at.
On both sides, being shoveled into mass graves and running the bulldozers.
And in both cases, they're like going,
God, I wish I could repent, quit my job and slack off, but that's just not done, is it?
Right.
Because they've never had Bob.
If they could just for once hear Bob tell them that.
Friends, we need to airlift those pamphlets into these war-torn areas.
That is just us.
Just us.
Just us.
Just us.
Just us.


Just us.







Mercury on Mars, we've got to help these people if it kills them.
But it's tainted food for thought that you've offered.
I think it probably might make us all wretch once we digest the entire concept.
I don't mind us getting off to other worlds like Uranus, you know, and Venus and places like that.
But, uh-oh.
See, they're trying to get in the door now.
I don't know.
It's just too...
Are the refugees here?
Neolistic, yeah, yeah.
Now, make sure they get a microphone.
I want to talk to these refugees.
We've been down there doing some taping.
I want to ask them what their opinion is of rocketry these days.
Didn't someone email the show from Bosnia or someplace the other... the last couple of weeks ago?
That was a trans-spatial hieroglyphic from Treblinka, dated 1943.
We all kind of passed out when we read it.
I think there was some kind of zyklon in the air or something.
Zyklon.
A pinka.
I hear that little pink.
Princess Wee.
Now, wait a minute.
You mean to tell me, were you in the...
Did you guys get to be in the contest?
Oh, we most certainly did.
And then you were voted down when they held their hands over your head?
The audience didn't applaud wildly?
Right.
They were huffing excreted inflation.
No one expected Pluto to come back into orbit.
Right.
That's what blew the whole thing for her.
Exactly.
It was really spaced out.
She thought she was at a songwriting contest.
And then Pluto...
Excreted inflations of another planetary deity.
And then we were back to square one, as if that was the only square we could be on.
Listen.
That's the Princess Wee's departure harp music.
Oh, no.
Princess Pee-Pee is going to dispatch now a few brief worms.
I don't know.
I think it's about the Connecticut Yankee and King Arthur's cerebral cortex or something.
It's memory.
Nope.

It wasn't Princess Wee's departure harp music.
It was Princess Wee's transformation harp music.
Like?

Where she transforms into that hideous old witch.
I like that.
Oh, baby.
I like that board.
I'd like you to meet Mr. and Mrs. Cronbo.
Mr. and Mrs. Hendon.
Mr. and Mrs. Dog Dodger.
Mr. and Mrs. Clomax Cooper.
Sure.
Here.
Dr. Frizzy.
Princess Wee is a little bit of a bummer.
Her silver broomstick chases the silver surfer through the solar system.
The okanini, okanini, okanini, okanini adore.
The silver surfer does that.
The tiny, short-headed children.
Witch UFOs.
The misspoken spokes of the karmic wheel and the dharmic ding-dong.
Larry, Claire, and Mohammed.
Blue in the wike of the silver surfers.
Pinky and the whale.
Wike.
Frida and the...
Surfing that witch disco.
Mr. Blusterings.
My eyelashes were poker straight until I got the new electric eyelash curler.
It's heated and it's so wonderful.
My eyelashes are so curly.
I can't take it anymore.
It's so much fun.
Not telling.
As long as you're doing business with Roger Cadavra, none of those facial features will ever change.
You're transformed from one designer box to another while all of your post-life makeup needs are met.
Bones flying end-over-end through the air magically transform into space stations in outer space.
CNN.com.
Astronomers discover new solar system.
Oh.
Another one?
That's right.
Washington.
Astronomers said Thursday that they had discovered the first solar system with multiple planets outside our own.
Price bomb!
With three massive planets orbiting a sun-like star.
All three planets circling the star.
Epsilon.
Andromeda are gas giants like big neighbor Jupiter.
However, an Earth-type planet might also be a part of this system, one researcher said.
Mind.
See, that explains it.
That explains everything.
Epsilon Andromeda.
Yeah.
When you started saying Epsilon, I was going, no, it's Epsilon Booty.
Please.
Yeah, man, Epsilon Booty.
That's where the grays are from.
Well, Epsilon Andromeda is not the same as Epsilon Booty.
Booty is the place where the little, you know, things on the dashboard.
Yeah, that's where the leprechauns are from.
Yeah, I thought it was the things.
And the little plastic Jesuses.
Well, some of them are more involved.
Some of them are more involved than others, if you know what I mean.
Some of the plastic Jesuses are actually huge macrobiotic robots with breasts of steel and like mines, like iron traps.
Very wishful thinking, yeah.
Yeah, but some of the plastic Jesuses are just simply liquor flasks.
Yeah.
I was reading out of the personal ads in the Cleveland.
With no real spirit inside.
You know what I mean?
Well, you have to pour your own spirit into them.
Yep, yep.
That's the Holy Spirit right there.
You have to use the spirit to replenish.
Or otherwise, Jesus gets dry.
Daily dowsing.
It requires sometimes.
And then there are those with Velcro bottoms.
So they're removable so you can wash them.
But you don't want to spank too often or that sticks.
Oh, I know.
Right?
Well, that's the whole idea.
Well, you know.
I see.
You can brush the Velcro and make it all new again.
Born again, sort of.
You know.
Chest merkins and then pootie spankers from Velcro.
Now, I mean, what will the world come to next?
Smart bombs?
That are stupider than me?
I don't know.
It's just science.
Science marches on.
It marches backwards, too, at the same time.
I think it's listening to a beat off of a different drummer, don't you?
I think so.
Yeah.
I think I would forbid all unforbidden science.
And make everything as apparent.
Give every man the plans for the atom bomb.
Because if you ban the unforbidden sciences, they simply become forbidden.
Well, you've got to keep things moving.
You have to keep a kind of a cycle.
Right.
So you're talking about making the forbidden sciences unforbidden at the same time that you make the unforbidden sciences forbidden.
Right.
Hey, man, you can download a plan to make a nuclear weapon out of household materials from sub-site.
Here's a new site I just checked out.
Science.org, a private...
What was that back?
Wait, go back.
Science.org, a private research institute.
Cool.
Private research?
I know what that means.
What does it mean?
Private.

It means dead.
Zombies.
It means private.
Right, right.
How much do they have to pay in order to get inside this private research?
I wouldn't want to be in those basements, you know what I mean?
That means bringing dinosaurs back to life.
Well...
Cloned from mosquito blood and frozen in amber.
Right.
You don't pay with...
You don't pay with money, let's put it that way.
Right.
You pay with your own sangric fluids, if you know what I mean.
Sometimes you're allowed to use phlegm, if you'd like.
You are genetically superior.
Well, I'm afraid I'm not going to ever fit that category, but I've been asked to contribute.
Well, they're bigger, not necessarily more superior.
They just simply can crush all the sperm by rolling them around inside the womb.
Oh, now you've got me thinking about bugs and stuff again.
Attack of the killer sperm.
Well, we've got to be cutting out of here.
All right.
Yeah, we've got to force feed the thing we're growing.
You just strap on your witch disco there, people.
You have to dissect...
All right.
All right.
All right.







Let's play a song here that's going out.
This last song I'm going to play goes out to all them fighter jocks over there burning people alive.
We're here on the scene with Jesus Christ.
We have to come apart.
Jesus, you're on a remote down there on that mountaintop side there.
What do you see from down there?
It looks like we're looking at a bunch of refugees.
Should we bomb them, sir?
Oh, Lord, I think...
Yeah, go ahead.
Let's drop pamphlet number one.
Let's start there.
Until next week.
Drop pamphlet number two.
Keep your hat on tight.
I think we need to drop some more ass.
They're back to the wind in your shack.
Firmly seated in that there rocket seat.
We'll see you all next week, kids.
My name's Chaz.
I'm Ivan.
Peelil.
Lonesome.
Cowboy Dave.
And Princess We Are Doe.
And Morgana's sitting on my lap over here checking out weird websites.
And I'll talk to you guys later.
See you next week.
Bye.
Once again, this last song goes out.
You listen to the words because this song goes out to all them fighter jets burning up people alive.
Bye.
Drive carefully.
Real careful.
Bye.
I'm in the rain.
The sun has yet to rise.
Shake the webs and clear my head.
Put on my target eyes.
Ground boots.
And crowns.
On the field.
Ground is all I see.
But the red spot on my middle stick is all I really need.
On my ride.
There's many sides.
Bend in front of my tail.
Another target in the eye.
Oh, midnight's growing late.
Midnight's growing late.
Midnight's growing late.
Midnight's growing late.
Midnight's growing late.
Midnight's growing late.
Midnight's growing late.
Oh, midnight's growing late.
From morning mist I rise.
To help them greet the day.
With little silver sunbeams.
And little infrareds.
I paint the house, I paint the dogs
I paint the chicken coop
And when they come out to see the show
I turn and beat them too
On my ride there's many signs
And it's on my tail
Another target in the eye
Of midnight's growing day
Of midnight's growing day
Of midnight's growing day
They'll never know, they'll never see
Before the hit time's gone
Back into the dragon's breath
To sing the anthem
To sing the dragon's song
Back home folks think what I do
I do to keep them free
And no one knows my secret
No one knows I fly for me
On my ride there's many signs
And it's on my tail
Another target in the eye
Of midnight's growing day
Of midnight's growing day
Of midnight's growing day
Of midnight's growing day
On my ride there's many signs
And it's on my tail
Everyone Stevens has told me
That once the dragon sets in
On my very old stable

Thank you.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Wouldn't it be nifty if we could just add this?
Or, golly gee, it would just be so much nicer if we could remove that.
And it would attract so many more followers.
Sure, their motives sound pure.
In fact, they go on to say things like,
more followers means more bucks for Bob,
which means a greater ministry,
which means more souls to save.
And who could be against that?
Not me, says I.
But the devil's in the details.
Tell me more.
Well, they say,
take for instance, so,
Jane or Hyperclete.
He's funny, sure,
but he's also offensive.
He talks too much about killing normals
and exploiting women.
It turns off a lot of would-be subgenies.
Oh, now, we're not saying excommunicate them or anything,
but couldn't you just fade them out over time?
You know,
invite them less to events or edit his tapes
or skip them all together,
and no one would know the difference.
To that, I say this.
Someone would know the difference.
You would know the difference because it was your idea.
I would know the difference
because I was the collaborator in your little scheme.
Jane would probably know the difference
because he's the target of your little plot.
And last, but not least,
a certain deity named Dobbs would also know.
Because he's Bob!
Remember Bob?
J.R. Bob Dobbs?
The man who took a bullet so that you wouldn't have to take a job?
Yeah, him!
Our subgenius religious leader whose words and wisdom
we supposedly emulate every day of our lives.
Bob doesn't call Jane or Hyperclete's Jane or Hyperclete's.
No, sir.
He calls him Saint Jane or Hyperclete's.
No, sir. He calls him Saint Jane or Hyperclete's.
No, sir. He calls him Saint Jane or Hyperclete's.
And don't you goddamn forget it!
Saint means sacred, beyond reproach,
above suspicion, above criticism,
by non-saints like you and me.
One cannot modify what a saint says
just to conform to popular standards of the day.
Saint Jane or's words were directly inspired by Bob
and inscribed in both his holy testaments.
The Collected Teachings of J.R. Bob Dobbs and Revelation X,
two books you better have behind your porcelain altar
if you hope to survive X-Day.
You'll need both documents, along with your current subgenius membership,
to get aboard those pleasure saucers come July 5th, 1998.
That's A.D., after Dobbs.
Oh, there'll be chaos.
There'll be murder and mayhem.
There'll be bullets flying and bodies frying.
But don't you think for a moment
that it will prevent the gate master from checking each
and every passport for errors?
That membership card better have your name on it,
and those books better be dog-eared and well-read,
with every sentence underlined
and every page present and or accounted for.
If you're missing so much as one word of Scripture,
you better run like your very life depends on it
and buy yourself a new copy, and I mean fast,
because Bob doesn't like it.
He doesn't like Bobbies who edit his holy word for whatever reason.
Bob is the master of excuses,
and he's already heard them all, my friends.
He doesn't care if you lost it, forgot it,
the dog ate it, or the cat ripped it apart.
He doesn't care if you tore out one page by accident or on purpose
because you found it offensive,
or you thought it was politically incorrect,
or you thought it might win more converts
by removing it from public opinion.
In short, he doesn't care what you think his religion needs
in order to be better.
Now, maybe after you sacrifice yourself in death,
get resurrected and abducted by aliens,
negotiate salvation for an entire planet,
or at least the parts that matter,
and create your own world-class religion,
maybe then, and only then,
Bob will care two shits.
What you think he should do in order to improve his religion.
Till then, shut the hell up!
Bob's not being arrogant, my friends.
He's being realistic.
You have literally no idea what the hell you're complaining about.
You've never seen heaven, let alone the fires of hell.
What gives you the right to criticize Bob?
His church or his apostles?
You're lucky.
You're lucky that we've replaced the old, old-day stoning rituals
with the new-age pharmaceutical varieties, my friend,
because back in those old days,
ho-ho, oh, I'm not even gonna go there.
The statute of limitations has yet to expire.
But the point is this,
the amazing thing,
the amazing thing is that despite the incredible blasphemy
of even thinking about changing the church,
altering so much as a single dot on Bob's photocopied face,
despite the utter heresy of these thoughts,
let alone these deeds,
subgeniuses still vocalize their negative opinions
in the omnipresence of Bob.
Now, now just stop.
Just stop for a moment and consider,
just consider the incredible ramifications of this.
I mean, don't you see?
Isn't it remarkable what it says?
What it says is that even though through their words and deeds
they express rejection and contempt for Bob and his holy church,
they still feel secure that Bob will allow them to live and criticize.
But what this proves is that these religious retards
in their infinite lack of wisdom still realize,
like, like instinct,
that Bob loves them so much
that he'll put up with their crap.
Now friends, there's a word for that.
It's called unconditional love.
It reminds me of an interesting couple I've observed
for some time now.
He's a nice guy,
but then there's his pathetic partner.
He puts up with the most horrible complaining all the time.
How he tolerates it, I don't know.
All she does is bitch and moan and bitch and moan,
always dissatisfied, and yet he still loves her.
He sacrifices everything for her.
And all she does is gripe.
Oh sure, he gets some sex now and then,
but big whoop,
he could get the same sex from practically anyone else
without the chronic complaining and obnoxious chin music.
You'd think he'd either ditch the bitch or kill her.
You know, I hope he does both,
because she deserves it, quite frankly.
Unless she wises up and starts showing just a little bit of appreciation
for the man who protects her,
dedicates his life to her,
and struggles each and every day to provide her a better future.
You know,
incidentally, I think you might know this couple.
His name is J.R. Bob Dobbs.
And I'll just let your imagination roam for a bit
to see if you can figure out who his allegorical partner is.
But here's a little hint, friends,
just to help you out.
I ain't talking about Connie.
No, sir.
I'm talking about that whiny subgenius brat
to the left of the person on your right.
And to the right of the person on your left.
Why, sure.
If you were the most handsome deity traveling through the universe,
and the subgenius you loved and worked so hard for
didn't pay you much attention,
wasn't as good looking as you were,
was stingy with their love offerings,
and complained all the goddamn time,
would you put up with their shit?
Or would you jettison them into space
through the nearest airlock
and grab yourself a younger, cuter,
more appreciative subgenius instead?
Just you think about that
the next time you get the urge
to open your big-ass mouth
and start dictating to Dobbs.
Hearin' it, the word of Dobbs,
breathe, Bob!
Amen.
I've got a challenge for you,
a challenge for me.
A baby challenge,
a baby challenge.
And a baby challenge for me.
I canoria challenge,
Love picture, love picture for you
Love picture, love picture for you
On my own, pretending boss beside me
In the dark, his dogs in pipe, they guide me
On my own, pretending boss beside me
Without love, I smell his drop around me
And when I have no slack, I touch my clown and God has found me
On my job, the nunnels act like dumb shits
Without slack, the sweat runs down my armpits
On my own, pretending boss beside me
On my own, pretending boss beside me
Without love, the sun shines down my armpits
On my own, pretending boss beside me
Without love, I smell his drop around me
I know that I am screwed, still I say, there's a day of pain.
I love God, but when the rush is over, he'll be gone.
The earth will be in ruins. Without him, the world around me changes.
No conspiracy is everywhere, the malls are full of pink boys.
I love God, but every day I don't spend.
The thirty bucks I make, I don't spend.

I'm only just pretending.
Without me, Bob's world burning.
Unactive, awful, half-dislized.
Tonight's reading is from The Autopsy by Michael Shea.
The parasite's race had traced and tapped the complex interface
between the cortical integration of sense input
and the neural output governing response.
It had interposed its brain between, sharing consciousness
while solely commanding the pathways of reaction.
The host, the bottled personality, was mute and limnus
for any least expression of its own will, while hellishly articulate
and agile in the service of the parasites.
It was the host's own hands that bound and wrenched the life
half out of his prey. His own loins that experienced the repeated orgasms,
crowning his other despoilations of their bodies.
And when they lay, bound and shrieking still, ready for the consummation,
it was his own strength that hauled the smoking entrails from them,
and his own intimate tongue and guzzling mouth he plunged into the rank,
palpitating theists.
This has been The Autopsy by Michael Shea.
On tonight's reading for little yeti children.
Rocket Butt was an heir of Lepetimane.
He was a student of Lepetimane.
Of Governor Lepetimane.
He swiftly outdistanced his master.
Even the great Joseph Pujol, pyroflatulation master,
had to take off his hat and bow down backwards to Rocket Butt.
The mighty, mighty.
Deformed as he was, powerful as anything.
Rocket Butt.
Nothing could escape the red eye of Rocket Butt.
His father had trained in the Carpathian Mountains since he was a six year old babe.
And by the time that Rocket Butt was a mere seven himself,
he could see there was something in the future for him.
The growth coming back there,
and the growth in his eye,
is not the growth in his eye,
but the growth in his face.
The Rocket Butt third eye
gaze into that third eye.
The eye in the canyon.
Are you ready to look into that eye?
Are you wishing to stick your finger into the fourth ear of Rocket Butt?
Rocket Butt, maker of the fire that kills.
Maker of the fires that shall raise us up above the very heavens.
The fire that burns itself and get us off this planet.
What's wrong?
Rocket Butt and his eternal enemy, Beano Man.
You can't cling to Rocket Butt's clothes.
Only Beano Man can draw Rocket Butt to his soul.
Rocket Butt's thoughts are soft and vapid like the errant owls that come by in the night.
For years, nobody knew he could talk.
He knows you.
He just sat in the corner and stared at nothing to say.
Playing with his lighter.
He would just look up at the sky.
And he would pyroflatulate, knowing that one day he shall do more than just pyroflatulate,
but to rise up.
Rise above the others.
Rise above it all, or drown in your own liquid rocket fuel.
And then he shall urinate.
I have tasted the maggots in the mind of the rocket fuel.
In order to come out of his ears.
And I was not offended by it.
Not like other kids.
For I knew I had to rise above it all.
Maybe there was something he could do with his differentness.
His unique abilities.
To the maggot in the cheese.
The cheese is the universe.
Now it is time to cut the cheese.
The rocket butt.
To the ant in the anthill.
The anthill is the universe.
Moldy, hairy.
There are more things on heaven and on earth.
Than are dreamed of in your pathetic earthling philosophies.
Your silly, fixed-legged, three-dimensional world.
Hairy beans.
Say, creepy clown just walked in.
Creepy clown?
You'll love creepy clown.
What the hell you been up to, creepy?
He's bigger now.
Hey, creep.
How's it going, buddy?
Hey, why doesn't he say anything?
He just stands there smiling.
He's got to do something about this.
Creepy clown.
Creepy clown.
Oh my god, his face is turning blue.
Or is that the makeup?
Creepy clown's freaking me out, dude.
Oh man, there's nothing we can do about it.
He's going to die.
Maybe we should just leave him here.
Look at that.
Look at that, man.
Get out of here.
He's not doing anything about it.
You could probably try a mouth nasal or nozzle.
Yeah, nozzle insulation.
Get down and see if you can blow him back into existence.
Like, you know, in some Birdman film.
Go on, get down there.
Creepy clown's here.
We're toast, man.
Oh no, man.
This poor clown can't even get a boner.
What are we going to do?
We're just going to have to leave him here to die.
You can't outrun a clown.
He's getting bluer and bluer.
He's that big.
Creepy clown cannot die, for creepy clown is death.
Oh my god.
This is like a bad bird.
Creepy clown is death.
Death comes in the form of a grinning clown.
He does not speak, but only grins.
The grinning clown that comes in the form of a grinning clown.







He comes from the cloud.
And the crystal skulls that all he has.
The grease painted death's head skull face grin of creepy clown.
And the equally hideous skull face grin of Bob Dobbs.
And the skull face grin of the Teletubby Twinkie.
These ultimate fiends of horror are coming to your screen now in 3D.
Ah!
He, he, he.
He, he, he.
He, he, he.
He, he, he.
Wanna go for a ride?
Yeah, boss.
Yeah, boss.

Yeah, boss.
They're still looking for an American to go, doctor.
Rocketbutt like to pick up little girls and take them to the moon.
Yeah, but he never did no good with them.
Around the world, baby.
This is my nozzle.
Will you help me adjust it?
And is this your O-ring?
This is my nozzle.
This is my nose cone.
It's really awfully flaky.
Hey, baby, I come apart 3D.
My God, the O-ring is faulty.
What?
This is a Challenger explosion all over again.
His moon pants, they're swelling.
What a, what a powerful, beautiful pair of moon pants.
Rock, flesh, and oil.
We were all saved.
Such a terrible, terrible, different, terrible, terrible bridge.
This is, this is my nozzle.
This is my cone.
One's for flying.
The other's for fun.
The other's for flying.
The other's a bone.
The other's a bone.
What do we do with the rubber?
Of course you know about Tiger Balm, right?
Okay, we'll try it later.
And I rub it on my buttocks religiously.
In fact, it's part of my religion.
Tiger Balm is, you know, as you know, is that ointment used by martial artists to increase
the toughness.
Spunk ointment?
Are you crazy?
Hello?
That's spunk ointment?
Did you say spunk ointment, Dan?
Are you serious, Dan Balm?
It is probably made from the spunk of wild boars from the ancient province.
Apparently, you've never heard of Cobalt Mountain.



No.
Oh damn, I guess that'sобt...
And from a few many thousand years long.
And other woods now over 100 years old.
Oh really?



Oh, no, no. The only nuke worth nuking is a non-nuclear nuke.
Oh, the nuclear nuke.
Yes, yes.
No, no, you're thinking about the nuclear, the nuclear nuclear nuke.
Yes, yes.
And the lovely missionaries.
They're so pretty.
The apocalyptic visionaries.
They have them dyed different decorator, you know, colors.
And they're so very, very pretty.
When they drop, they look like glass ornaments, really.
Do you know...
They're very, very pretty, these nuke missiles.
Have you ever heard of many of the fine products from Hiroshima Schwartz's
Ministry of Nuclear Weapons warehouse?
No.
Oh, they've got cobalt earrings.
You don't want to...
You just want to scare them just wearing...
They've got cobalt bomb earrings.
They've got little Wernher von Braunmeister's that are disguised as a keg for a party thing.
And you can just...
They're all like little neutron bombs.
Just blow away your enemies and keep their apartments.
I certainly hope they're in good taste.
Who gets you mad?
That rap, rap, that rap jammer boom-boomin' next door?
Some waitress stole your parking spot?
Don't get mad.
Get the bomb.
Nuke them today at Hiroshima Schwartz's Miniature Nuclear Weapons Warehouse.
So long as it's a soft bomb which utilizes soothing classical music.
It will create a doomsday shroud which will cover the earth for 90,000 years.
I do.
I do.
The tasteful doomsday shroud.
Good for all occasions.
Hey, let's have a shady mall doomsday.
And all the girls can invite us to the apocalypse.
Huh?
Friday models the doomsday shroud.
Walking down the ramp...
And get a load of those puckered apocalypse.
Oh, look, Friday's...
There may be kissing the...
Bringing her quills into the eyes of the audience.
Blinding the critics.
Oh.
So appreciated.
Bing, bing, bing, bing, bing.
Now that is...
That's too surreal for me.
Oh, now look what...
Now she's quill-less.
Now she's quill-less.
She looks almost nude.
And in fact, she's wearing the pirate suit.
Just, uh, handy.
Look at how light on her toes she is, too.
She's lifting off.
She's rising up.
But it's the flame coming out of...
What?
Friday Jones was rocket butt.
There she blows!
That's crazy.
There she is.
Looks like it's going to be quite a...
The crowd goes wild.
Alberto Squanzi.
Alberto Squanzi's been working on these
pliroflatulence devices and dresses
for the last seven years now.
And this model is sure to get some stares
wherever it goes.
Most of the spectators, however, in this audience
have been seriously scorched.
Well, that's all very relaxing.
I think we can all turn over and go back to sleep.
Now...
Did you guys want to talk about
Rocket Butt's big, huge canine incisors
with the poison that comes out when it gets mad?
I don't want to talk about our communication problem.
I remember being in the paddy field
with Rocket Butt back in 68.
Oh, Rocket Butt.
He saved all our asses.
Charlie did over the hill
and caught a bale of water.
Someone couldn't climb up again.
Then the bomb went off
and I found this mess in my lap
that used to be Rocket Butt's face.
They put together Rocket Butt like Humpty Dumpty,
piece by piece.
Bits of spirulence,
strange, odd factors from another galaxy,
elements that no one had ever seen before.
The connection between all disciplines,
biology, geology, black smokers,
quantum physics, religion.
Smelting.
Super string theory.
Beautiful ingots.
Rocket Butt.
Grand unified forces.
Speaking for another...
This is the keyword metafile for this radio show.
Rocket Butt's great-great-great-great-grandfather...
Speaking for the asshole plane.
Rocket Butt's great-great-great-grandfather
was the elephant man.
Or actually live in the asshole plane
and are incapable of...
Old child.
He's bottle Rocket Butt.
He was small and weak, but wise.
He fueled and sub-sumptuous sub-pumps
and other things that can't really be described on the air.
But wait, I have a question to ask of the great and mighty Stang.
Who dares come forward and question the great and mighty Stang?
Oh, just me.
Little, little animals.
But I have a question.
Um, if you had...
I don't know if it's respectable.
...only a finite amount of water to take into space,
wouldn't you, like, you know,
assuming you, like, recycled your own waste and everything?
Right.
Well, needless to say.
Oh, boy.
But...
What else are you going to find to drink these days during the drought?
It's a perfect excuse.
Really?
Just tie it up?
Well, you know, tie it.
I enjoy it.
If we had a finite amount of water to take into space,
then what?
She forgot.
No, she's asking her great friend.
She...
I think the question was something like this.
If...
There...
If you had a finite amount of water,
the well...
We're speaking spiritually of the logos of the well.
That is the word of the divine woo-woo.
Huh?
The woo-woo.
The divine woo-woo.
Water on the moon.
Now, the second I look at it,
it's just...
So, if you excrete liquids in outer space,
does it just form like a large sphere that clings to your skin because of surface tension?
It forms a bubble.
Yeah.
From what I've heard, it forms...
Perfectly round the sphere.
...a clandestine group that follows you around and will harass you and could make...
And you can stick a...
...and you pay extra for those spheres.
Yeah, and you can stick a straw right into that little sphere,
that little planet of water,
and suck it dry.
And say, lemonade.
Yeah.
And re-release it.
And see, that's how you stay perpetually in motion, drinking your own fluids.
One way, anyway.
Who's gonna be sticking their straw?
When they turn like great hollow,
you could probably set a map.
You know, you could check your navigation.
What I like, Friday, can I just say that I really like when you open your mouth
and you can see the glow, you know, like you showed me that time?
The canyons of Carl Sagan's mind.
Is Friday there?
Yes.
Okay.
I think she's stroking her little chubby right now,
thinking about you.
Oh, I couldn't hear that.
She is our little sex kitten.
It's not really Friday.
She's...
Her life...
Her life line is still back in the small time.
She's Friday's child.
What is that?
I can't do it.
But it sounds like the old ladies during the 30s and 40s
who were telling people not to go to Bob Conch's
or to play with their sexual grievances.
Don't play with your sexual grievances.
Friday's child.
Put them down.
Wave your pinky in the air.
And also this African music is driving young...
It makes me want to wave my pinky in the air.
And hold the glass by the stem.
It makes me want to eat my peas with mashed potatoes on a knife.
Eat your peas with mashed potatoes and poe.
Eat your peas with poe.
No, it doesn't work when you say swell.
It's like kind of a new cult I've heard about.
It gives people perceptual commands like,
now look, say, now listen, now watch, now look, say, now listen here, say.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Well, that's one thing I did learn.
Folks a long time ago talked with more cut-off parts.
Yeah, let's do the mid-Atlantic for you.
What?
Well, okay, for sure.
Folks a long time ago talked with more cut-off parts.
Well, they had the mid-Atlantic accent, remember?
The average American accent was more Midwestern in the past.
Now it's more Eastern.
No, the mid-Atlantic.
In this time, the modern times, the 1940s.
Modern, right, modern.
Modern times.
Oh, no.
You kind of dropped the R1.
Once in a while, but sometimes you have it there.
Oh, no, it's the modern times.
Say, we ought to go over to City Hall and check up on this.
What do you say, fellows?
He's like a man from the past.
Kill him.
He's the last of his kind.
He's almost extinct.
Destroy it.
Not in a nickel will get you a cup of coffee.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
But it was those men who made Bob what he is today.
Well, actually, it's the other way around.
Oh, I'm sorry.
It's Bob.
It's Bob who made those men what they were then.
I'm sorry.
I can't get those things.
Count on you to keep the context in context.
It is a sinister side of Bob, old man.
You know.
Exactly.
Bob is a sinister visage.
You know what I mean?
Think about it.
A guy in a suit with his back turned.
What makes me very jealous, though, of other members of the church
is the fact that people have been doing time control for longer than you.
They'll always have that much more time.
They'll always have more time control than you have.
That really pisses me off.
Well, no, that's not necessarily so, Bleepo,
because some of them aren't very good at time control.
They may have been doing it for 20 years,
but they really aren't any better at it than when they started.
Well, like, you and Philo are, like, so good at it
that, like, if I try to do it, like, in front of you guys,
I know we can feel bad.
Well, their members are longer than all of ours.
You know what I mean?
Philo and Stang's members are much longer.
Well, keep in mind, Bleepo, that, I mean, we had to learn it,
and we had to learn it fast.
Yeah, but I think...
We learned it on the job and our threat of death.
And the problem with today's kids
is they don't think they have to learn it.
Well, we could teach them slack at gunpoint.
I just need guns.
I don't have any guns.
You guys have been asking for months.
Well, I thought it was more you were looking for a point, Dave.
And your gun's the lonesome cowboy, Dave.
Every day is X day when you have a gun.
Happiness.
Every day is a gun when it's X day.
I really sent some very, very sick people in this well here
who actually want to use guns, and I was just kidding around, you know?
That's right.
I graduated...
Missile launchers.
Yeah.
We've graduated from guns, Dave.
We don't even play around with guns anymore at all.
It's the U2 stage.
We are ready to blitz London.
Or anything.
Guns have to be line of sight.
Guns are so archaic.
We like to lob our weapons over the horizon.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's American way, ain't it?
Good old Joe Wills there.
Triangulate.
We like to take entire planets of negative matter and drop them into people's suns
just to remind them that it's Good Friday.
Oh, good.
Good Friday.
Oh, now it's Good Friday.
It's almost Good Friday in Texas.
Hey, check this out.
Yeah?
We're checking out this website.
What's the...
It's already Friday.
It's a thing about Kosovo.
And somebody from...
Somebody from Adana.
An Adana from Kosovo writes,
Tell me, what do you think about aliens?
Write to me soon.
Very cute.
Because I hear the whistling of an incoming...
I think you should give $1 to the aliens and they'll come save you.
I hear something coming and I don't think it's an alien spaceship.
Jeez.
What a strange priority list, you know what I mean?
Well, I don't know.
I mean, it's like...
He's writing to us.
Aliens can save us now.
Was she writing to the Subgenius show?
On email?
No, no.
Oh, oh, oh.
She was...
It was like a white flag or something with some crudely scrawled stuff on it.
Yeah, but we shot it.
It was on her shroud.
Can you hold that picture closer to the camera?
That's pretty wild.
You know, speaking of them weird sex things on the...
You know, you were talking about their practices.
Have you ever heard of the ethnic cleanser or the Turkish rug?
Or the Good Friday?
Well, you get the little depilatory...
The dirty...
There's no such thing as a Good Friday.
The chili dog.
The chili dog.
The Dirty Sanchez.
Yeah.
Is that what you guys are having for Easter and stuff?
The bad.
Wow.
I'm looking forward to the Boston Devival.
There's the Filthy Friday.
That's the hot...
That's the chili dog I was talking about.
That is the low-down Filthy Friday.
El Puerco Zita.
With very tasty sartang.
You slide the little Friday into a bun and then you smear it with...
The most...
The most viscous fluids you can find.
And then you squeeze it and roll it around like a roll of Charmin toilet paper.
Just to feel of it.
Then you cram it all the way in.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Then you open the valve at the back of your O-ring and let her go again.
And don't forget to always keep a backup copy.
Oh, and also don't forget...
Oh, you learned that.
Shh.
Yeah.
Finally.
Only after losing all the other virtual Fridays I had.
You know, I had to download that damn thing 15 or 16 times.
Oh, it's huge.
Yeah, but it's worth it, man.
Well, is the bioconverter...
Well, I know my Fridays...
My Good Friday always comes through corrupted.
Oh, no, no.
You have to get the Bad Friday.
That's why.
You see, if you get the Good Friday, it'll come out bad.
But if you get the Bad Friday...
You need to get Bad Friday version 2.0.
No.
Well, when you download it, it becomes Good Friday.
Well, and if she's stuffed...
But there's nothing on the net that will tell you that.
Are you guys using a bioconverter that gets your, you know, all out there in one piece?
Because I've been getting some Fridays that have, you know, none of the better parts on there.
Well, watch out for those Fridays that have the Melissa virus and actually become Melissa instead.
Oh, now, I'd heard that Melissa had the Friday virus.
Well, you know, actually, the Melissa virus, like the original...
The first Macintosh virus in the 80s was created by a subgenius clench.
No, I'm not kidding.
You know, there was a code within the code that referred to certain Simpsons inside jokes, including the word Kijibo.
Well, Kijibo, that's the code name of a famous subgenius.
Well, I don't want to say his name, Chris Lee.
But he is actually responsible for that.
Wait a minute.
I probably shouldn't say...
I forgot.
I thought he was coming through on the Kijibo cortex.
Because that's probably a federal crime.
Kijibo cortex.
The Kijibo fanzine, subgenius zine, has nothing to do with the Melissa virus, we assure you.
And if it did, the Melissa virus would not merely infect your computer.
Does the Melissa...
And I realize
I'm going home
I'm going home
Everywhere
It's been the same
The same
Like I'm outside in the rain
The same
The same

The same
Free to try and find the game
The same
The same
Cards for sorrow
Cards for pain
The same
Cause I've seen
Oh
Blue skies
Through the sea
Through the sea
Through the sea
Through the sun
Through the sky



In my heart
In my heart

No, but they made references to Endara on Bewitched, which is actually totally impregnated with, you know, the old show Bewitched.
Yeah.
That's completely impregnated with Code Subtects, I think.
And alcohol.
Code Subtects and alcohol, yeah.
They don't even have one...
There's not one scene from Bewitched that does not involve a martini.
Right, and there are also key scenes, there's several instances where Dick Sargent, particularly the first Dick,
Yeah.
was talking, where actually, they actually talked.
This is the story I hear, it's like the midget dead kid in the movie there that was supposed to be dead,
but he just showed up in the frames.
Yeah.
Well, this is supposed to be in Bewitched, if you watch Bewitched carefully enough,
you can actually see Elizabeth Montgomery supposedly performing, well, I can't say,
unspeakable acts on Dick Sargent while he's talking.
No.
That's the photon guns in the pooper.
That's what caused it.
That's too good to be true.
And along the edge of the frame, if you have the right kind of TV, you can see that edge of the frame thing.
Uh-huh.
And especially during those parts.
Well, it's like her head bobbing or something.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, her bob was bobbing.
You know, I was so in love with that actress when I was 12 years old.
I loved her so.
Isn't it weird to find out where she is now?
I got an email.
I got an email to send you, Stang.
Oh, you're going to send you an email you're going to love so much.
Uh-oh.
I'm serious.
Elizabeth Montgomery.
My favorite email is what they call the she-mail.
The brown mail.
Oh, what is it?
What it is.
Hermaphrodite.
I didn't know you swang that way.
Quick, open up this lucky email.
Well, that's either way.
It's versatile.
Friday can tell you all about that.
Oh, no more miracles and whips for me.
Please.
And Friday, can you tell us more about that email that we always get with a hot college co-ed?
Yeah, the cereal that makes you pregnant, too.
Well, you take the cereal, you put it in the co-eds, you stir them up, dry them, chop them up fine, and it's just like the album.
Just like the album?
It's like Girl Scout cookies that are made with real Girl Scout.
Uh-huh.
Gilbert Ice Cream is actually made out of ground office workers.
Well, old records and Girl Scouts.
Girl Scouts both scratch, if you know what I mean.
I think what you gotta do is go to the disc format, and that way, you know, you can impregnate yourself without the worry.
But wait, wait.
With an MP3 file, you can impregnate everyone who listens to the file you create.
I don't believe either of you, because Girl Scouts are too old to go to college.
You think so?
I think.
A lot of them are young.
Have you seen those Japanese porno films where all the girls are obviously 12 years old, but they dub in that they're all going to college?
Yeah.
Just like that.
They introduce themselves as, hey, man, I've been to school, and you're supposed to know what they're talking about.
So I think they probably got a, you know, degree in there, and they're higher learning, you know what I mean?
So what you're saying is college is really just an excuse for 12-year-olds.
They're fornicating, really.
That's what it is.
And animals, too, if they can get them in there.
It's only here and on the Art Doll Show, listeners, that you will hear such...
Here on Dobbs Business College campus...
The Art Doll Show.
The unadorned.
The unadorned.
The unvoiced.
The unadorned naked back.
Exactly as they are.
Unadulterated.
Completely uncensored.
With no filler, alcohol, gravy, toothpaste, dog nuts.
Except this shows...
Instead of dreamland, we're more like in nightmare land here.
Or as the language says, the land of need.
The unadulterated it.
The pure, flowing subconscious.
The unadulterated it.
The pure, flowing subconscious.
The unadulterated it.
The pure, flowing subconscious.
Thousands.
Basically condensed down into these four or five people that are babbling to each other on the phone.
You'll only hear it here, Fred.
From the world of hope and fear.
I bid you Bob Dobbs now appear.
Yes.
Open your fear, Fred.
Open your fear.
Open your fear to Bob.
Let Bob creep right into your fear.
Let Bob become your fear.
Let Bob take your fear into himself.
Let Bob unleash your fear and turn it into hate and anger.
And let him unleash your power against the pink one.
Let Bob rise up and make the sky blue.
How many of you have been good?
How many of you have been stupid?
Something's happened to Stang, man.
I've never heard you do that before.
Communism is good.
Christianity is stupid.
He's turning into a cross between Boomhauer and Jano Hyperclean.
The loudspeaker spoke up and said...
Not Boomhauer, whatever they got.
Communism is good.
Burkholz.
Francis.
We gotta close the tent flaps.
Oh no!
The people have to go home.
People have to go home and we have to smell each other for the rest of the week.
The dwarves have to clean up.
Behind the elephant.
I want to smell you all forever.
Dave has to go back in his jar.
Dave, get back in your jar.
Make sure they're holding the top of the jar now, Dave.
Friday, put your clothes on.
Do I just screw it on?
They are.
Lift it up into the light.
Looks like it's got a little firefly in it.
Bleepo has to climb back into the little dancing pig.
Yes.
Pee-will has to be rewound.
Bleepo?
Bleepo.
Bleepo.
Bleepo.


Oh, I forgot that.
Bleepo.
Bleepo.
Bleepo.
Bleepo.
Bleepo.
Dr. Legume has to go back into his grave.
Is Dr. Legume here tonight?
No.
He can't.
He's never been here.
No.
He should be here.
Why isn't he here?
Probably because he doesn't want to spend the long distance.
Because you guys don't know it, but I'm actually in the bathroom on the toilet right now,
and you think, you know, like we're all in the studio having fun.
You know, it's such a relative term.
I want you to know, actually,
Dave, I called tonight from the sewer underneath your bathroom.
Oh, my God.
Then you've got the...
Yeah.
You've got...
