Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Doves!
Bob?
Dove!
Oh, hello, Dove. What is it?
Well, it's probably not...
The subgenius power of Slack!
By God!
Thank you, Fernandin Andy Lemur!
Now, yes, dear friends,
Radio Synesthesia is Dr. Sinister's show on WCSB Cleveland,
and it happens to follow the hour of Slack at that station on Sunday nights.
Dr. Sinister plays music for a while and then takes calls from listeners.
On December 6th, Lonesome Cowboy Dave and myself called in and chatted with Dr. Sinister
and regular caller No Money Mark for a whole hour.
Normally, any given hour of Slack episode contains at least 30 different audiences,
including audio tracks.
But this time, because we have to crank out four hours of Slack in advance
before we split this beaver for Christmas,
I, Reverend Stang, your host and prayer partner,
am slacking off and just letting this single meandering conversational track
run for an entire hour unbroken with all its warts and Tourette's outbursts.
It's an hour of subgenius conversation.
Imagine being halfway passed out,
out at a drunken party,
and this is what your subconscious hears.
Hello, you're on the air.
On the air?
I'm on the air now,
and I'd like to remind you I'm on the air.
Welcome to the program, sir.
Welcome to the program.
I mean, thank you for welcoming me to the program.
I must say, tonight's program is, if not exciting,
at least it's on the air right now.
Yeah, yeah.
For what that's worth.
You know, it's funny.
I think you've called me a few times,
and I didn't recognize your voice at first,
and I think I might have actually hung up on you before,
before I realized who I was talking to,
like after I hung up.
Well, this is Dr. Daryl Scopes, as you know,
a famed editor and commentator on...
Monkey Trial?
Pardon?
Things haven't been the same for you since the Monkey Trial, have they?
Oh, no, no.
That Darwin stuff, I don't know.
I don't know what I'm going to do about it.
In the first place, what's his name?
The one who had the monkey brains.
He wanted to live under a gold standard, whatever the hell that is.
The cross of gold.
William Jennings Bryan?
He was opposed to the gold standard.
That's what his whole cross of gold speech was about.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Yeah, but no, William Jennings Bryan was the prosecutor in the Scopes Monkey Trial.
And he had an opposable thumb, of all things,
and he just wouldn't give credit.
Two of them.
You were chewable as well, yes.
Two of them, I said.
Two.
But they were chewable.
Two opposable thumbs, and he wouldn't give credit where it was due.
Wherever it was.
When the bill comes due, credit.
I don't know.
I have no idea.
Well, the most important thing is the invoice.
Of course.
Where they send you the money.
Send me the money.
Hello, you're on the air.
Take your film.
Oh, that was staying.
That was staying.
I just realized that as soon as I hung up on him.
The whole thing, you call up with a funny voice.
I don't recognize you guys at first.
It sounded like RC.
No, that was...
It did at first.
It did at first.
First, I thought it was RC, actually.
That was RS.
Reverend Stangen.
He's abjured.
If not, he'd treat it.
Please call back quickly.
Yes, please call back.
I apologize.
Okay.
Well, if anyone understands that kind of mistake, it's going to be Ivan Stang.
Hello, you're on the air.
I don't know.
I didn't think...
Stang.
No, no.
No?
See, we're not...
No.
Maybe he just assumes that you hate him because of the things you said last night.
Over a cup of warm urine.
I mean, oh, man.
I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry about that.
That's okay.
You know, the secret was bound to get out sometime.
You're on the air.
Dr. Scopes.
Scopes.
Scopes, I hear you.
I know you're there, you damn dirty ape.
Take your filthy paws off me.
You and your little primitive, slow-browed tribesmen.
Now we're on the...
Cavemen.
...part of it.
And cave girls.
We're going to eat your liver with some fava beans.
And a nice Chianti.
Now, is that revenge, or is that justice, or is that fairness?
I don't know.
I actually was trying to...
When I asked, what is justice, I was kind of alluding...
We mentioned Socrates earlier, and I was kind of alluding to Plato's Republic there.
Anybody ever try to read that?
I couldn't get very far into it.
I read the comic.
All the Aristotelians were just so crazy.
I mean, they had some...
They were, you know, the influence...
You know, Sophocles, who was also a playwright and stuff like that.
And he just started all this big, huge movement...
Sophocles and his sophistry.
...about a hundred years before Rome, wasn't it?
It was happening in southern Italy.
And...
I had the Aristotle action figure.
But I think that's as far as I went into philosophy or other rule books or formulae for living human life.
I tell you what, though...
Yeah, the Sophocles figurine has himself looking at himself in a mirror.




In the mirror, trying to figure out who he thinks he is.
I tell you the best part about living today...
And there aren't too many good things about living in this time.
But one of the good parts is being able to look back and say,
That Aristotle, what did he know?
Four elements, come on.
The jokes about the Americans and stuff.
You know, that doesn't amount to anything compared to the intellect that's been released like a foul gas.
You know, he's responsible for the Jesuits, you guys.
They can argue better than everybody.
That's all he was good for was argument.
No, I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Well, everybody's always looking for a formula that perfectly predicts human behavior.
I can't think of a more vain goal.
Ain't gonna happen.
But, boy, those philosophies sure sound good.
And they always have justice and fairness and rules for revenge.
Well, yeah, the funny thing is, is in that discussion, you know, in the part that I did read, you know...
So...









So, what is justice?
And people trying to give these explanations of what it was, and nobody could really explain what justice was.
Justice is where if somebody messes with my little girl, I'm gonna...
I want the right to skin them alive on live TV, on a reality show.
It might not make anything better, but it sure make me feel good.
Put them right on the bumper, on the hockey stick right there.
That's right. That's what counts.
Yeah, and for over 2,000 years, nobody has yet been able to explain what justice is.
I think eventually he tried to...
He tried to...
He tried to settle on the idea that, oh, well, it's everybody having one role in one place and sticking to it and doing it well.
And that's where the whole concept of the Utopian Society began.
But then they invented lawyers, and that went downhill from there.
For everybody but the lawyers. It was great for the lawyers.
Dr. Sinist... Plato would hate us, you see, for doing this, what we're doing right now.
I welcome his hatred.
And trying to...
Have you ever eaten Play-Doh?
It doesn't taste bad.
It smells good.
Yeah. That's what you're talking about, right? Play-Doh's Republic?
Yeah. You can sculpt an entire castle out of it.
I have a question about eating Play-Doh. Now, which colors did you eat?
Pink. Everybody ate pink and green. It turned brown, too, when you mixed them.
Oh, okay. That's too bad.
If I didn't need to hear that...
It turns brown on the way out, too.
I was actually eating ammonium carbonate.
He doesn't know that right now the gangly in the back of his head are slowly disintegrating.
Everything turns brown.
Monium carbonate.
It does.
Before it comes out.
Do you know why that is?
Dead red blood cells excreted in the large intestine.
Oh, is that what it is? Well, it's not the corpses of bacteria.
I remember reading somewhere that it's caused by dead red blood cells, yes.
The corpses of millions of Yevgenians floating down the river.
Yang Lu.
We figured out a...
Silently and...
There's a philosophical approach to all that.
We figured out one day on alt.slack that dirt is mostly excrement, and excrement is mostly corpses.
Isn't that the truth? I can't remember what the name of the poet was, but some, like...
There was some famous poet who wrote about that. I think it was French or something.
Isn't dust, like, some sort of material?
Not sure.
It comes off of human bodies.
House dust is mostly dead human skin. House dust is.
It's not to be confused with lunar dust.
Like, say, if you collect dead flies, just, you know, because you...
Well, you want to look at them or something.
Have I mentioned on the radio that my new hobby is looking at micro-life through microscopes?
I have a collection of slime water that I keep as sort of a jar of life from which I extract various animalcules.
It's true.
And I watch them have sex and fight and die and live out their tiny lives all in a drop of water on a slide.
Like...
He squeals out...
Like in the olden days, before television.
He squeals out, come look at this.
And other people go over there to the magnifying tubes and look down and they go, what, what?
They can't see it at first, right?
And he tells them to do some things, you know.
And then they go, ha, ha, ha, ha, like that.
I don't know what to make of it.
Maybe he put an ad for them in comic books.
Like, come look at this.
Have your family of slime monkeys.
Yeah.
No, the sea monkeys were actually brine shrimp.
Whoever thought...
Actually, they're called Artemia salina, not to be confused with Reverend Artemia salina.
But whoever thought those things looked like monkeys?
They look like Satan if you look at them up close.
Yeah, they do.
They have like a little goatee and looks like horns.
My...
I had a great moment a couple of days ago watching swallowing.
That was...
I had a great day of watching.
It was nematodes, which are tiny little worms.
But they're like dinosaurs compared to everybody else in the water drop.
And there were a lot of them in this particular drop.
And they were swimming around devouring these little barrel-shaped single-celled protests called co-lapses.
Hmm.
And they...
Maybe just more than one.
The great thing is these worms are transparent when they're lit from underneath.
So when you see it, like, suddenly snap its head around and suck a co-lapse down its mouth,
which is in its neck, actually,
it then convulses mightily and forces the co-lapse down further into its gut,
where you notice that there are already a bunch of co-lapses of ever-decreasing size
waiting to meet their new brother in death.
Yeah.
Nematodes, are those flatworms?
No, that's...
Or roundworms?
They're very, very little simple worms.
Nematoda is like a...
They're not the same as planarian worms, and they're not flatworms.
Do they have a light sensor of any kind?
Like, not eyes, but, you know...
Yeah, they do.
They have a photo sensor.
It's a little black spot on their face.
Right.
Like many worms have a black spot.
It's fun to watch these creatures because you're...
Let's face it.
You're like God to them.
You've...
You're beyond God to them.
They are not even...
The idea that you exist would never even occur to them.
Well, and that, of course, leads us, in turn, to wonder if maybe they're...
Who's looking at us through a big lens?
Well, staying on the world, so to speak.
You know, some ultra-dimensional lens.
They are roundworms.
They are the nematodes.
They are roundworms as opposed to flatworms.
Nematodes are everywhere.
They are very important worms.
They help, like all worms, they keep the environment working.
Not to be confused with segmented worms.
You know what I mean?
Right.
Like an earthworm.
It's also round, but it's a segmented worm.
It's different.
And they're not quite the same as a microanalyd, which is a very, very tiny worm.
Those are the furworms, I think.
Girls, girls, girls.
Let's lay off the ladies-only talk.
Now, you can...
Remember, there's a lot of secular gentlemen out there who don't understand it.
You can get preachy.
A nematode actually will look back up at you like, oh my God, what is that?
Actually, that is a really creepy moment.
There have been a couple of animalcules that as soon as...
It seemed as if as soon as I centered them under that microscope, they turned what they
have for a head upwards and glared at me balefully.
Much like...
It kind of reminded me of my attitude towards the Lord God Almighty.
Shaking your fist at the heavens.
Damn you.
Isn't that biological quantum theory?
Damn you, fights.
That's like biological quantum theory, Dan.
If an atom is going to move around funny just because you're staring at it and it takes
energy, he's taking it out of it to stare at it, then that means the worm knows that
you're staring at it somehow on some warmish level.
Well, it gives me the creeps as much as it creeps them out, I'm sure.
Yeah, I'm saying I had a question.
Do you think the Lord ever glares balefully at whoever might be watching him?
Well,
that's why I don't pray.
I don't want to draw more attention to myself.
You know,
you never know what they're going to do.
Stay undercover.
God is really trying to kill everyone.
Unfortunately.
So far,
he has succeeded in almost every case,
except for Jesus,
who supposedly lived forever or something.
Because of that,
my dad insists on being buried in Jerusalem,
because he figures the odds are better there.
That there's going to be a rock in front of his tomb.
Put a rock in front of his tomb.
There's going to be zombie martyrs walking around.
Well, it's like out of his zombiedom.
I guess that's what he's hoping.
No, I can tell.
It was obvious from the beginning
that Christianity was going to be divergent from Judaism, okay?
Because, you know,
the crucifixion and resurrection occurred around the time of Passover.
And, you know, during Passover,
it's just not kosher to have any leavening in your food.
And what did Jesus do during Passover?
He rose.
Surprising.
It's obviously not.
He is our bread.
And yeasty God is he.
He's changing from Easter to Yeaster.
There you go.
That's terrible.
Yes, it's my specialty.
View from the best.
515 if you want to get in on the conversation.
Quite ethnic on Easter Day.
Maybe people think about the leavening of the matcha
into a human figure that rolled stones.
No, we shouldn't make fun,
because Xmas is coming up,
and that's an important holiday.
Xmas.
It's an important holiday for many people.
And as well as X-less-ness-mas,
the subgenius holiday.
From the advent of the Spurl,
which some celebrate when they're...
They call it Christmas, but can you say that?
It's like at X-Day, you welcome the aliens,
but at X-less-ness-mas,
you sort of are thankful that they've spared the Earth
for one more six-month period.
Yeah.
Close-held twice a year?
No, no.
It's just that we expect the end of the world,
on an annual basis.
And at the halfway point,
we kind of give thanks that we got a little breather there.
X-less-ness-mas.
Don't ask me to explain it.
It's a religious thing.
You don't use your mind to think about your religion.
Bob said that.
I don't know if they're ancestral people,
or if they just had both eyes poked out,
but I was at a reunification camp meeting the other day,
and there on the dais was a huge picture of Burl Ives,
of all insane.
relatives who's probably dead,
who I assume he is,
and that was the object of their worship.
Burl Ives?
Yeah, singing those weird songs,
like, you know, Christmas,
sort of that noise, you know?
It's a holly jolly Christmas.
Right, that you hear in any mall area,
or, you know, any mart.
Well, he was the snowman in that
Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer special,
the stop-motion special that we all loved.
Temporarily.
He had a varied career,
and beyond that, though,
he had several other musical hits.
He was an actor in various things.
My parents hated him,
because he was some kind of a wobbly,
or a leftist, or a communist, or something.
Yeah, but then I heard that he was...
A socialist Santa Claus.
But then I heard he was one of the guys
who informed to the McCarthy hearings.
Oh, then he was also...
Oh, really?
He was a very, very fine transsexual
and transvestite, I guess, too,
before the evisceration.
He finked out?
Well, that's...
Earl Os was a fink?
Yep.
I would say check it on Wikipedia, but...
Who was?
It is sort of interesting to note that
the same guy who's best remembered
for playing this snowman
also played, you know,
the father in Cat on a Hot Tin Roof,
the movie version.
Oh, yeah.
Not to be confused with Sebastian Cabot.
Ah, no, no.
Or other rotund jolly guys.
Rotund jolly?
I was just thinking about Victor Bono,
another rotund jolly.
There you go, Victor Bono and Dom DeLuise.
Now, Dom DeLuise is worshipped as a god
by some people that I know,
or a guy that I know.
Casting directors would...
I mean, casting people would just
throw those names in a hat
when they were looking for the rotund jolly fella.
Right.
And often they'd explode on set.
And it was the company's fault,
and the production house usually had to pay the bill.
By the way, if anyone listening
who belongs to the Church of Dom DeLuise,
we'd like to hear from you.
2-1-6.
The message is 3-5-1-5.
Well, you know, he did play Caesar
in History of the Universe.
Huh?
He did play Caesar in History of the Universe.
Yes.
You know, and Caesar was a god among men.
Speaking of Mel Brooks,
who was honored recently at a Fetted Fet.
Yes, he played Caesar,
and he gave thumbs down after being insulted.
Mm-hmm.
And he was also best known for his work in Fat Joe.
Yeah, I don't know if any of you remember Fat Joe.
It was kind of an art film,
which featured him as a very,
as a jolly rotund fellow
who couldn't stop being jolly and rotund.
Did you ever hear that one?
No.
No?
Fat Joe?
Fat Joe.
All right, we got a new caller here.
Hello, you're on the air.
There's only one god out there.
Yeah?
And the anniversary of his death is coming up,
and that's John Lennon.
Aw.
You know, I disagree that he was a god,
but, um...
The anniversary of his death is coming up this very week.
December 8th.
December 8th.
John Lennon!
Hey, man, I'm a Hendrixist!
Death to all Lennonites!
I'm a Marxist-Lennonist, you know.
Groucho Marx and John Lennon.
I'm a Keith Moore.
That's what we all are, isn't it?
Truly, really, if it really, truly is,
bringing this world together and rending it asunder.
Jesus Christ himself, though.
I'm sorry, what's that?
You know, he did say at one point he was,
he thought he was bigger than Jesus Christ.
What?
Actually, if you read the entire statement,
he was lamenting the fact that, uh...
He was lamenting how obsessed fans were becoming.
The Beatles, he said, yeah,
the Beatles were more popular than Jesus,
and he wasn't bragging and saying that was a good thing.
He was pointing out how incredibly shallow
the listening public was.
The shallowness of the vapid culture, which he did.
Yeah, they loved those jolly love songs
by the fabulous, mop-top, lovable singers.
Hey, I want to hold your hand, too.
Now worship me.
Yeah, and also, no one else mentions the, uh,
what, uh, Lennon said immediately after, uh,
the more popular Jesus thing, which is, um,
I'm paraphrasing here, but it's pretty close to the original quote.
Um, Jesus was all right, but his followers were thick and ordinary.
Uh, yeah, it's them twisting it that ruins it for me.
If John Lennon is Jesus Christ, too, then...
Jesus was an asshole.
I think, I think Jesus Christ was an asshole.
You do?
Oh, yeah.
You'll go on a...
What do you think about crepes?
That's who I worship.
I worship crepes.
I worship crepes.
Crepes almighty!
I worship crepes because they're tasty.
You always pray to them as you stub your toe.
Right.
Right.
He thinks you're not...
Why do you think Mark David Chapman assassinated him, then?
Mm.
No, it was actually Stephen King who assassinated him.
I ordered Mark David Chapman.
Yeah, he was getting orders from, uh...
I, acting alone, I, Reverend Ivan Stang,
ordered by using a telepathic headset.
I ordered Chapman to assassinate John Lennon that tragic day.
Really? Why?
Well, he got the wrong person.
Well, I meant I was actually trying for Paul McCartney.
But I got mixed up as to which was the cute one and which was the smart one.
And, you know, thank God I didn't have Ringo knocked off.
It was actually my favorite.
Yeah, Ringo is...
He was funny. He was the funny one.
He was a jolly good fellow.
And if I could have any drummer in my dream...
band, I would pick Ringo.
Now, a working class hero is something to be.
Uh, but, uh, a rich working class hero, that's...
Man.
Then you're...
Then you got your cake and you're eating it, too.
I must say as an homage to the gentleman, the Spaniard in the works himself,
he did, uh, tour... Just before Chapman, and whoever's behest,
if you read different works of literature, some are actually...
Well, Stephen King, actually. I was kidding. It wasn't me.
It was me and Stephen King.
Stephen King ordered Chapman.
That is not as creditable, but we all know about that fellow
who, uh, claims that, uh, Stephen King, uh, looks so much like David Chapman
that that meant he assassinated...
Who will be the next Beatle to go?
Pardon?
Charlie Manson.
I'm afraid Paul McCartney is gonna be the longest-lived one
because he's the biggest, uh, jerk out of all of them.
Could you see Charlie Manson on a surfboard, you know, with Beach Boys music in the background?
He's got, like, the swastika in his forehead, like,
there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there.
There was a time when that may have happened, you know, uh, uh, Brian, uh, Wilson was into Charlie for a while there.
Yeah, and Anton...
And he recorded some of Charlie's songs.
Why does that not surprise me?
Both Brian and Anton were in the, uh, short movie.
See, and Guns N' Roses took an awful lot of flack for covering, uh, Charles Manson's song.
Why didn't Brian Wilson? Or did he?
I don't know. It's, it's like a, it's like a great mystery.
Maybe each layer is like a layer of an onion.
Maybe he could have brought Wilson to re-wrote the...
He could have mentioned the little, uh, cave there in, uh, Pilar Shilo's, or...
I'm a robot boy, I'm my mama's toy.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
You know, maybe he could have brought Wilson to re-wrote the lyrics...
Uh, sorry, we could be, we could be excommunicated for saying that.
Which song was it that he covered, Mark?
Uh, it was originally called Cease to Exist, but the Beach Boys version is called Never Learn Not to Love.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
That's rather a different approach to the theme.
Did you see him trying to pick up a Ned Funicello?
Ha, ha, ha.
He was walking off the beach to get a hangin' net.
Well, he was good at doing that.
He was really good at picking up stupid middle-class girls who hated their parents,
giving them LSD, saying he was their daddy while he had his way with them,
and after that, why they'd do just about anything.
You ever read about any of the, uh...
It didn't work for me. I have tried that so many times. God.
Well, I guess he just had to gift a gab, you know?
You had to have been there at the right time, you know what I mean? It was...
Right, yeah, yeah. I mean, when I was doing it, it was in the middle 80s,
and it just wasn't the same.
Yeah.
The middle 60s.
Well, you did...
The women were 20 years older, for one thing, and they'd all learn their lesson.
Gotta get them when they're young.
Yeah, yeah.
Yep.
Oh, gents. What a chauvinistic, anti-pluralistic...
Charlie was before...
...view of way of looking at...view of looking at things,
and clearly, unless a lot of young ladies, or even in between, or older young ladies call up
and voice their discontent with this,
do you...
You're not gonna let us get away with this, are you?
No, no.
No, no.
I mean, what is this? Pornography or empowerment?
Yeah.
That's the question.
And who's in charge here?
And who's really being exploited?
And who's wearing the...
Speaking of...
...number one depend...
Speaking of exploitation...
I feel exploited.
I'm starting to feel exploited in my pnats.
Speaking of exploitation, I...
Down in my pnats, I'm feeling exploited. I'm wishing people wouldn't exploit me and get me turned on like this.
Gotta pause for a moment here.
Portions of the following broadcast are for free.
Any objectionable to at least a few of you out there in the audience,
which is why WCSB advises listener discretion.
The views and opinions expressed on this program are not those of WCSB or Cleveland State University.
Carry on.
Well, of course...
I found a disturbing note this morning written in my own handwriting,
but I could tell that I must have either been asleep when I wrote it, or under...
I don't know what happened.
I don't know what happened to me, but my note says...
And about half the word's been crossed out and then rewritten in again.
It'll all be normal again after I take my pills.
Huh.
Why did I write that note to myself?
What? I'm not even on...
I don't have any pills.
Did...
Now, you actually wrote that note to yourself?
Yeah.
And I don't remember doing it, and I found it this morning.
I know that I wrote it last night because of a piece of paper it was torn from.
That is weird.
It'll be normal again after I take my pills.
Now, I crossed out the word my.
Maybe...
So, really, I guess it's like it's supposed to be...
It'll be normal again after I take pills.
Maybe you just need a beer, and you were going to write Pilsner, and you couldn't...
Yeah.
Yeah, that makes sense.
You know, now that you mention it, I think I do need a beer.
Yeah, you know, one a day...
A nice Pilsner Urquell.
One or two a day, it's good for you.
I know this is not a commercial station, but it's a beautiful beer.
What is?
A Pilsner Urquell.
I've heard that...
It's a commercial now.
It's a Pilsner Urquell.
Yeah, you can get the real stuff from Czech Republic.
There's a...
There's a...
Victory makes a beer called Prima Pils, spelled P-I-L-S.
Did you write two Ls in your note to yourself?
Yeah, I did.
So, I did...
Obviously, it didn't mean Dobbs approved subgenius pills, because that's always spelled with
one L, as in more them kind pills, bod.
So, yeah.
Yeah.
It's very...
It obviously means other pills, not church pills.
Everything will be fine once I take my cyanide pill.
Yeah, really.
Well, that too, but that's like a different sort of fine.
Well, along those lines...
It's a fine you don't have to really think about or notice or...
What about the other note along those lines?
That was the F-flat.
The other note that you said you found and you didn't know you wrote or under what circumstances,
and it looked kind of old and said, Kiltrotsky, Kiltrotsky.
What was that all about?
Did you ever figure that out?
I've been in the room where Trotsky was killed.
You were down there in Mexico?
In Mexico City, yeah, Cuyhuacan.
It's a neighborhood there.
It's kind of like...
This is like 12 years ago, but it was kind of a hippie neighborhood, actually.
And they made a museum out of the house that he lived in.
Wow.
It's really cool.
Well, that is quite a Kerouacian vacation.
Let's go down to Trotskyland, where he got an ice pick shot.
















He had a cup in his head.
I would show off the pictures of me next to his statue there, but I was an ugly teenager
at the time.
Well, I have a cup.
I have a coffee cup with Joe Stalin on it.
You know what I mean?
It's like it's...
Never mind.
Dave, you could be in big trouble for having a coffee cup like that.
Well, it was a joke because everybody, no matter left, right, or in between, if you
follow the dialectical so forth, would agree.


That he was not a very nice person.
Right.
Oh, I have a whole...
I have a couple of Mao buttons I picked up in China back when, about 30 years ago.
Mao Zedong.
A friend of mine has a T-shirt that says that.
What does that mean?
Well, figuratively, it means long live Chairman Mao, but literally it means Chairman Mao,
10,000 years old, which is how they say long live in Chinese.
Yeah, it's like, may they be 10,000 years old.
I know how to say it.
In Yi San Xun.

I know how to say it.
I know how to say it.
And also, hao la, hao la, ha ha ha ha ha ha.
That means I'm laughing while I go, okay, okay.
Hao la, hao la, you know.
I want a beer.
I want a beer.
That actually means, apparently means I want a basketball, but I thought it meant please
give me a beer.
Lan Qiu is basketball.
Beer is beer.
Well, apparently the way I was pronouncing it, which got my ear kicked out.





I can't detect the difference in tones, but.
You, Jung Wah devil you.
I don't know.
Maybe.
What's your fluency in the Beijing dialect?
Is it the main language?
You know, probably what it means is please give me a wedgie.
No.
And they just tell us round eyes that it means please give me a beer.
No, yao is want.
And they laugh at it every time we do it.
Yao can mean want or it can also mean like to require.
Like, um.
Well, you.
Like, I don't know.

Like, uh, from Beijing to Shanghai, yao duo jiu, which literally means how much time
does it take to go from Beijing to Shanghai?
And in that case, yao is like, you know, requires how much?
Oh, incidentally, but what we're mentioning.
There is a subgenius devival coming up in Shanghai, China.
You're kidding me.
No, no, I'm not.
It's, uh, there really is.
It's several months away.
I think, uh.
My guess is that there will be a.
Oh!

Anyway, I just amount one year to China and China which hundred percent depends
on how around China, she said China will grow and then China ultimately will also participate.
Yeah.
She's shuddering and she's about talked.
Russia's got a smaller population than Taiwan so China's not going to under our control.
Oh.
Will it be Shanghainese or Beijing or will it be in Mandarin or Shanghainese?
I don't know.
Did you hear when Obama went to China, he greeted the crowd with the local Shanghainese dialect?
He said Donghao instead of Da Jiahao, which is how you would greet a crowd in Mandarin.
That's pretty hip.
His PR flags are pretty good there.
Well, that was kind of a jab.
That was kind of a jab at China when he did that.
That's kind of a jab at the Chinese government, which is trying to encourage the Shanghainese to speak more Mandarin and less Shanghainese.
So that was kind of a subtle jab there.
They want to haunt people to honor the whole place all the time everywhere.
That's not very good for democracy.
God, man, I feel like I'm there again.
You don't want to be there again?
No, it's nice now, or it's bad now.
You know, nothing changes.
It gets worse and better at the same time.
Oh, if they can do this and they can do that, then we find out that materialism is stupid and crass,
and it's just responsible for as much evil as any form of collectivism.
And then the next thing, you know, it's even, in my opinion, you know, I'm...
Well, you're like some kind of a commie weirdo.
Like?
Like a wiggly or whatever they call him.
A Marxist-Leninist.
John Marx and Groucho Lenin.
Yeah, yeah, I see.
Yeah, I see.
Say the secret word and be bigger than Jesus.
I'm a Keatonist.
Buster Keatonist.
Buster Keatonist.
Busty Keaton.
Yeah.
I am not a jelly roll, as John Kennedy told the people of Berlin when he arrived.
You know, the whole jelly roll thing, it's not really...
There is a type of pastry called a Berliner, but nobody took what he said as,
I'm a jelly roll.
Nobody took that.
Now, a friend of mine...
The reason the crowd laughed after that is because he had a translator there
who was translating everything he said into German,
and then the translator had to pause after he said,
Ich bin ein Berliner, and then like...
Fuck you.
And the crowd kind of laughed and said,
I will wait there while the translator translates my German.
We had a funny moment in Germany when I was there.
This friend of mine in a grocery store asked for a grocery bag to carry his stuff on,
but the way he put it was he looked at the clerk and said,
Do you have a sack?
And the fellow looked at him and said in English,
Yes.
I have...
I have a sack.
Sack in German, of course, refers to the testicular sack.
And so the German man was rather dryly answering in the affirmative,
but obviously the way he said it, he meant both ways.
He said, yes, I have a sack.
I also have a bag, if that's what you're asking for, you know.
And it'll be one Deutschmark, please.
Or one euro.
They charge for bags there because they don't want you to waste them like we do here.
Well, they do in California.
Uber, all is my income.
Oh, to California they charge for you to have a shadow.
Because they're going broke.
Five little baskets for each...
See, actually, they should subsidize people's shadows because it will be environmentally friendly.
It will help fight global warming.
That is a beautiful thought.
That is beautiful.
Speaking of global warming, I've noticed that it's December 6th in northern Ohio,
and it hasn't snowed.
Not substantially.
My backyard didn't freeze over until yesterday.
I've been collecting nematodes up until the day before yesterday.
How can this be?
Well, considering that I am now in a job where I spend most of my time outdoors,
I hope it waits a while.
Right, but isn't that a little unusual?
I seem to remember normally having to fight through the snow in October.
You know, if it didn't shrink the...
What is unusual in the past 10 years of bitter, bitter winters?
Because even with the crappiest, crappiest weather in the nation,
we still had Indian summers once in a while, and we still had, like...
How?
In December, it would go up about 50 or something.
Man, what's going on? This is weird.
I remember Election Day last year. It was like 75 or something.
15 years ago was really, really bad.
The gods are angry.
They were very angry.
The volcano god is angry.
Welcome to the wonderful world of global warming.
Which we all know is a hoax, thanks to those...
What's that?
Well, the interesting thing...
The greatest thing about global warming is it could...
The latest thing is it could lead to a sudden ice age.
In Europe?
Within only just a few months, just like in that terrible movie.
No, in Europe, actually, they've been...
This is something I heard about years ago, actually.
As the ice caps melt, it can mess up the salinity of the ocean currents,
such as the Gulf Stream.
And if the Gulf Stream were to be reversed,
or stopped altogether, then...
Keep in mind, Europe is like, you know...
The same latitude we're at is like Italy, Greece, Southern Europe.
We're at the same latitude there.
We are.
And the same as Napa Valley and...
Yeah, England.
Which is why grapes grow fairly nicely all the way along there.
North of England is the same latitude as Alaska.
Yep.
People just don't know this.
They don't know this stuff.
I didn't know...
I didn't know that.
I was really messed up there.
I thought that Cleveland was roughly about the same latitude as London.
London is over...
Yeah, like the southern tip of Britain is like around 50 degrees north.
Yeah, I'm not surprised...
This time of year it gets dark at 2 o'clock, man.
I mean, it's like real early.
And the moon looks real weird.
I'm not surprised I'm wrong.
Huh?
I'm not surprised to be wrong.
Well, most people go their entire lives never knowing what latitude they're at.
Dallas is at 33 degrees north.
Well, of course.
I know this from the Big Book of Conspiracies.
Yeah, it's the only...
The king kill.
It's the only way...
The only place to properly kill the king in the right ritual way.
I don't know if you heard this a couple of years ago, but this guy called up the show
who...
I still hear him calling into CSB occasionally.
He hasn't called this show in a long time.
But he called up and asked, why is Texas the king?
And I said, what on earth are you talking about?
And he said, well, of all the states, Texas represents the king.
And I want to know why.
And I said, what are you talking about?
He says, look on the $1 bill.
And he says, if it was issued by the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, Texas, it's got a letter K in the middle of that seal off to the left of George Washington there.
Huh?
Why?
K for king?
Why is...
Well, the answer to that question is that there are 12 Federal Reserve Districts around the country numbered 1 through 12.
Dallas is the 11th district.
You'll also see 11s in all four corners of a $1 bill issued by that seal.
And K is the 11th...
Boy, they got you fooled.
K is the 11th letter of the...
Who would argue one of the sheeple?
Why is Cleveland getting a D?
You know, we're just barely passing.
DNA level D.
We didn't fail, but we...
We're getting killed.
D.
Didn't some band, didn't there a band in Cleveland called DNA Level C?
That is a very old take on a very old brain rot joke.
Well, I know, I know.
That's where I remember it from.
But they're...
About five years ago, I remember reading about some...
It was a girl band in Cleveland called DNA Level C.
And I thought, how nice.
I think I know where they got that gag.
Although it's pretty obvious, really.
I don't get it.
Nice to see them wearing...
It's Cleveland.
DNA Level C is Cleveland backwards.
Ah, okay.
See, I don't think in backwards, right?
Well, that's because you're not quite psychotic and kooky enough.
I ran into a visionary who was really agitated over the little TM.
And circled C's that he found on all of his rock and roll CDs.
And he decided that...
He knew that, you know, no one else could explain this,
but he had deduced on his own that the little C with the circle around it
meant conspiracy or something like that.
And the TM meant transcendental meditation or something.
So some were ruled by heaven and other CDs and bands were ruled by Satan,
depending on which of those marks.
But most...
Most of them were ruled by both.
Well, I would only trust...
I would only trust if it were ruled by Satan.
You know, I believe...
Well, I believe the Bible justifies Satanism.
Well, now, Satan would be C or TM.
He is both and then some.
Which would Satan be, TM or C?
He is both and all and so much more.
So he'd actually be the copyright and the trademark of all things?
And then some.
And then some.
And then he is on top of that.
He is all of it and he is in addition to it, yes.
If you're a true Aristotelian,
then that means that you accept that evil is as natural as...
You're making the mistake of assuming that Satan is evil.
Evil.
Well, or...
To Bob, good and evil are the same thing.
Yeah, what about Nietzsche and all those other people with syphilis in the brain?
They thought that the Uberman was beyond good and evil
and so that Zusser and them guys could all...
Yeah, well, guys that think they're over men always say that.
Well, here's...
Here's my explanation for that very briefly.
I mean, let's take a look, you know, at the Garden of Eden situation in Genesis there.
You know, the God tells them,
hey, don't eat that fruit there or you will die that very day.
And the serpent comes along and says,
oh, no, no, no, that's not really so.
You will actually...
Your eyes will be opened and you'll understand the difference between good and evil
and then you'll be just like God
and that's why he doesn't want you to eat it.
So go ahead.
You won't die.
Your eyes will be open.
You'll be like God's.
You'll know good from evil.
And then what happens when they eat the fruit?
Their eyes were opened.
So...
Suddenly they realized they knew good from evil
and then suddenly they felt bad about disobeying God
which kind of proves that it was a setup.
You know what I mean?
They had no way of understanding what a divine command was.
So it really was a setup from the very beginning
and then they realized what had happened.
Then they got expelled.
But they didn't die that day.
They lived to be like 900 years old
which is longer than anybody I know has ever lived.
Well, but Stan would argue with his, you know,
going around crushing time pieces and stuff
and other such absurd behavior
that their conception of time,
they did indeed.
They did indeed die the next day
which was 900 years later.
And then, you know,
and then the Lord basically says,
you will do as I say
or you will burn in hell for all eternity.
And that's, you know,
that's a very harsh, cruel thing to say.
And what is Satan?
He's the opposition.
You know what I mean?
When you've got a dictator who says,
do as I say
or you'll be tortured for all eternity,
that's obviously an evil thing.
And then you've got somebody who is the resistance.
So there's a moral imperative to support the resistance
when you've got somebody
holding the entire world hostage like that.
You must support the resistance.
Moral imperative.
War on God!
Yes.
It's a tough, we're still not, I mean, death.
It's a bit quixotic, you know what I mean?
You're tilting at windmills, basically.
Right, exactly.
What could be more vain?
But, you know, what are you going to do?
Sit around and let this big man in the sky push you around?
If you ever get a chance to see a movie
that came out this year called
The Invention of Lying,
it is a,
a real must-see
for disbelievers,
mutants, misfits,
and those who believe anything.
It takes place in a world
where lying has never been invented.
So it's kind of allegorical, you might say.
People there must be pretty dumb.
Oh, yeah.
And it's kind of like the first subgenius comes along
and invents the lie.
And that leads to having,
well, I don't want to spoil it for everybody,
but the upcoming hour of Slack,
we'll spoil it for everybody.
All right, what's the title of that film again?
Huh?
What's the title of that film?
It's called The Invention of Lying.
It was not a big Hollywood release.
I get the impression it's kind of low budget,
but it has a lot of very recognizable character actors,
comedy actors in it.
Ricky Gervais is the star.
Mark, you've heard of it.
If I have.
See, you're hip to a lot of things I don't know about.
That's why we keep you around.
I read about it in the Onion movie reviews.
The Onion,
the Onion covers, you know,
art house movies and documentaries and stuff.
How exactly does one approach
reading a review in The Onion,
considering how one must approach
reading everything else in The Onion?
Yeah, that's a good question.
I don't know where all the reviews are.
Answer it.
I suppose if The Onion's reviewing it in the first place,
that's a vote of confidence.
Well, The Onion AV Club is a different publication
than the regular paper.
Uh-huh.
Right, right.
So that means you can't believe it.

You can only believe the reviews.
You can only believe what they print in the regular Onion.
Oh, God, boy.
Every now and then,
they have a fabulous little bit.
My favorite one recently was,
I'll be damned if I'll let a black president
pay for my kidney dialysis.
It had me weeping with laughter.
It was such a,
I'm going to dig my own grave
rather than let a black president
pay for my kidney dialysis.
It was such a,

help me prolong my life.
Praise The Onion.
I remember back when they was new.
I used to read Onion news on The Hour of Slack
20 years ago,
and they really appreciated it
because in those days,
nobody knew who they were.
And it was like,
oh, wow, we've made the big time.
The Hour of Slack is reading our stuff.
Of course, now they have their own TV network,
and we're still on the air in Madison, Wisconsin.
I wonder how they make it.
And everybody important
still has their own TV syndicate,
and everybody's well ensconced.
That's the damn thing.
Everybody but us.
We don't got no TV show.
But in the spirit of things,
shouldn't we be grateful and thankful
that others are doing well,
even using our material,
outright?
Did you know that Reverend Angry Larry
has a TV show now?
Really?
Is this like a public access show?
No.
It's a,
he is producing a show
for one of the network affiliates in Detroit.
It'll only be in Detroit,
but it's a broadcast TV network.
Gosh, if only I could do.
It's called The Dead Dave Show,
and it's a skitcom
about what living,
dead do when they're not eating your brains.
They've actually finished the pilot.
It's the video work is done by Colin Dewar,
who's the guy who's been doing their,
that horror movie that they've been gradually making,
which is pretty good.
And it's a sick comedy sitcom
with Reverend Angry Larry
playing an angry, grouchy, living, dead guy.
It's, and it's a half hour show.
And they need advertising.
They need advertisers.
So, so if you're selling in Detroit,
you might want to look into that.
But yeah, The Dead Dave Show.
And it, it, it premieres in January, I believe.
So it's like one of our own
is finally doing a proper show.
And they're, and just like Pee Wee Herman had
on his playhouse,
there's a nice picture of Bob on the set.
Now, where in the playhouse was the Dobbs head?
Well, it was seen in,
in the opening credits of every show
during the first season.
It was just on a wall, but,
Like in which part of the playhouse?
I'm picturing the set in my head now.
With the door that,
He's clocky and cherry and stuff.
Was Cherry off to the left?
Cherry was to the left.
And so was the, the, the genie guy, right?
He was like a zombie.
He was like on a little,
Well, the Dobbs head then would have been
in a kind of an alcove full of,
like bullet,
bulletin board alcove in the middle.
Oh yes, oh yes.
There was a bulletin board.
I, geez.
And it was very clearly seen.
My favorite use of it was when the word,
the word of the day is okay.
And he, as Pee Wee said this in closeup,
the Dobbs head was very clearly visible next time.
Seriously.
Millions of five-year-olds all over the country
got to see Pee Wee going,
okay, with this Dobbs head, right?
Next to it.
Wow.
And I might've been one of them.
You might've been.
What year did that air?
That was in the 80s, around 84, 85.
I would, I'm guessing.
My kids were little,
but old enough to really enjoy it.
86.
When did he go off?
When did that go off the air?
Well, he was on, I think two, two seasons.
And then years.
So I think I might've been like in, in, in,
I remember seeing that show on Saturday morning
when I was in kindergarten or something.
I remember seeing it every single episode
and taping them.
I probably got them all on Betamax somewhere in a closet.
The original pilot was very, very nice.
Do you remember that one staying Pee Wee's Playhouse palette
of the pilot with Captain Carl?
You mean before it was exactly, oh my God.
I never got to see it,
but one of my buddies did the music for that.
He got beaten out by Danny Elfman.
When push came to shove.
Mother's boy, right?
Reverend.
No, no.
Mother's boy ended up doing the music for Pee Wee's Playhouse.
Well, who did it for the pilot?
Jay Condom.
Reverend Jay Condom, also known as Jay Cotton,
who used to work with Gary Panter.
Right.
Gary Panter did some of the set of the original.
Yeah, right.
Gary, Gary did the set design and he got an Emmy for it.
But Jay did the music for Pee Wee
until Pee Wee got the pilot.
And as typical of Jay's luck,
as soon as Pee Wee got famous,
the more famous guys got to do the music.
But the happy ending of all this is
Jay is now dating Kitten Natividad
of Russ Meyer fame.
Yes, Kitten Natividad,
the most beautiful softcore porno actress
who ever existed.
Most sweet and charming.
What a beautiful smile.
Well, you're just a child,
but for the old perverts out there,
they're going, oh my God,
a subgenius is dating Kitten?
And it's true.
Join the church and you will get laid.
Kitten had, she was famous for her wonderful knockers,
but she had breast cancer a few years ago.
And now, as Jay put it, has both arms.
Oh, man.
She actually got cut.
I'm kind of mad at him for saying,
for specifically telling.
So they're not implants,
they're prostheses that can be detached.
Yeah, but apparently it still works.
At least she's still alive.
Well, it worked.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
At minimum wage, though.
You know, let's think of this practically.
If this woman expects to be considered a drawbridge,
she's going to have to at least pay the piper.
You know what really shocked me?
Within the last couple of years,
I've noticed breast-related humor
getting into breast cancer awareness.
It's literature.
Have you ever seen anyone wearing a T-shirt
that says, save the ta-tas with a little pink ribbon on it?
No.
Or save second base?
I didn't see.
Yeah.
I didn't catch the end of a commercial
that freaked me out that said,
together we'll lick breast cancer.
See, I was saying in that.
It was later explained to me
that that was a tie-in to like some ice cream promotion
and breast cancer awareness thing.
And, you know, it was like licking the,
or lollipops or something,
but it was...
Well, in 2004,
in 2000 and 2004,
it was all about, you know,
we need to go out and lick Bush.
Yeah.
The first PSA that I heard,
it said...
I'm just going to bleep out the little comment.
One thing.
That's the first thing I bleeped all night.
Yeah.
Way to go, Dave.
I got bleeped?
Yes, you did, actually.
That was...
No.
Actually, it was kind of funny.
You used a proper word or whatever,
but it was like very specific and explicit,
so I decided not to...
Not to take a chance.
Not that anyone's listening right now.
You know I'm incapable of putting two and two together
and getting the appropriate numbers afterwards.
I tried very hard, so I'm sorry.
Oh, dude, no.
Fuck on.
It's a good thing.
If one of your comments gets bleeped,
that's a badge of honor.
It's sort of a crude, despicable...
You've got to be pretty bad to get bleeped on this program.
You can use nothing but scientific terminology
and still be obscene.
Yeah.
Just because of the visual
that you're putting into people's heads.
Dave!
Now, we could have an educational...
You know what I want to do sometime?
I want to do a sex ed program.
You know, for all the kids out there
who are getting abstinence-only education,
I want to teach them the truth about the birds and the bees,
you know, and I will be scientific and educational about it,
and that's not obscene.
You know, if I wanted to explain to children that...
You know, well, never mind.
Yeah, you don't need to explain it to us right now
because we might get kicked off the station.
Well...
Because it's not a sex education show yet.
Not yet.
But it is in the early pilot stage.
I took out...
For part of my science requirement here at CSU,
there's actually a course in the biology department
on human reproduction and development,
and you spend the entire semester
studying the development of a sperm and an egg
into a baby.
And the...
Yeah, like one day at the end of class,
the professor was like,
okay, and, you know, come back on Friday,
we'll be studying genital anatomy.
I'm like, well, I normally do that for fun.
Oh, by the way, folks, I'm pregnant again.
Well, not really.
I'm not pregnant, but I'm going to be a grandpa again.
Oh, I didn't even say that.
Congratulations, man.
You didn't even say that.
Was this...
Yeah, I'm going to...
Is this your daughter or daughter-in-law?
Or that's how you...
Yeah, my...
My...
My daughter.
My dafter.
Oh.
She's a good girl.
She's after birth.
She's doing what I...
What she should do.
My son, on the other hand,
is not doing his duty yet.
Hmm.
We need more little stangs out there
spraying genes all over the place
to make up for all the anti-stangs.
You know, and smiths, too.
There's never enough smiths.
That's true.
There's never enough to fix anything.
Who else is going to...
I'm going to carry on the smith name.
My daughter can make a thing
that has smith genes,
but she can't name it smith.
No, yeah.
You know what, guys?
I don't think.
Hey, to all guys out there,
don't downplay your family background
on your mother's side of the family.
You know what I mean?
That is as much a part of you
as your father's side is, you know?
Technically, men get a little bit more genes
from their mommies and girls.
Actually, this particular...
The existing grandchild
did get part of his name
from the mama's side.
I mean, if I look at my family tree...
My mama's side, specifically.
If I look at my family tree,
actually, my mother's side's
a lot more interesting,
and I'll claim that.
Absolutely.
Speaking of family trees,
I thought it was interesting
how Groucho Marx inverted the law
by saying that...
Oh, never mind.
My family only came down from the trees
about four generations ago.
I thought that was...
You said that was four million years ago,
and it was only...
We are living...




We are long-lived.
There were giants in the earth in those days.
We're like Adam and Eve.
We ate the tree of knowledge.
That was really mushrooms, by the way.
Tree knowledge, that's symbolic.
That apple of knowledge,
that's symbolic for mushrooms.
Terrence McKenna said...
I took mushrooms, and I agreed.
I saw one of our ancestors was a goth,
an Ostrogoth, and a sloth.
I was a three-toed sloth.
The funniest thing...
It's funny you mentioned the Ostrogoths,
but I'm not sure if that's true.
I'm just reminded of the Visigoths, of course,
immediately afterwards,
and that reminded me of one of the funniest things
I ever saw was somebody used the name Invisigoth
as an online handle in an X-Files episode.
Oh, that's pretty good.
And I wondered how many people actually knew
who the Visigoths were
that were watching that very episode.
In any case...
There are latter-day Ostrogoths and Visigoths
watching the radio right now.
The Indivisigoths.
I've been ostracized.
I've been ostracized.
The...
The...
The program is about to get ostracized, folks.
Well, actually, I'm not being 100% accurate here.
Portions of the following broadcast
will be objectionable to a few listeners
in the audience out there,
which is why WCSB advises listener discretion.
The views and opinions expressed on this program
are not those of WCSB Cleveland
or Cleveland State University.
But, yeah, it's midnight,
and technically the show ends right now,
but, well, you know, unfortunately,
Keith was not able to make it down here tonight,
so I will be up here for another two hours.
I will be here until 2 a.m.
Good Lord!
Yep, yep, yep.
Yep, so, uh,
we're gonna pause, actually.
We, we, I think we do need to take a break here.
Yeah, my ear hurts.
Well, hey, I appreciate you, uh,
you know, damaging your ear even further,
uh, for the sake of my radio show.
I, I cannot thank you enough for your, uh,
for your call tonight.
Oh, we'll hear it all again
in a couple more hours of slack.
I, I gotta get,
I gotta get Crank out four of them before Christmas.
Hey, have you ever been, uh, driving
and, and heard your own voice come on the radio?
Yeah.
That's, that's, isn't that, isn't that,
isn't that a funny thing?
That's a funny experience.
Oh, it's a thrill.
Yeah.
It's like, you know, the weirdest thing is you go,
what the hell is this?
I recognize this from somewhere.
Oh, right.
And then you realize it yourself,
and then you get critical.
Well, not me.
See, the, the secret is to hold yourself.
I start playing with myself, usually.
I, I, I get turned on.
The secret is to hold yourself to a,
hold yourself to a low,
to a low enough standard,
and everything will be fine.
That's the, that's the secret to getting by, really.
Lower your standards.
Secret happiness.
Why do you think they call it,
uh,
genius?
And you won't get far.
All right.
Remember,
there's no place
to go.
Come on, let's gather around the stage and weep.
Caller number four,
who has been sitting quietly there.
Caller number four,
who's been sitting quietly there.
You still with us?
I'm, I'm with you.
It's after midnight.
I'm going to turn into a pumpkin.
All right.
Well, thank you very much for your contribution,
you know, for the brief contribution there.
You know, thanks for calling.
Thanks for sticking on the line for so long.
I thought he was going to be a botanist, but.
Talk to you soon.
Look what happened to him.
Yeah, I should get off the line.
Um, uh, have a good week, everybody.
You too, Mark.
Uh, thank you, uh.
All right, all right, all right.
Thank you, Reverend Stang.
Thank you, Lonesome Cabal Dave.
Good night, girls.
Hey.
Oh, you got.
And I'll talk to you soon.
You have been listening to Hour of Slack,
number 1,235,
which for efficiency's sake
has been composed entirely of another show,
Radio Synesthesia on WCSB Cleveland.
Happy holidays,
to everybody except the undeserving
from the Subgenius Foundation Incorporated.
For more information about the Hour of Slack
and the Church of the Subgenius,
see subgenius.com.
Praise Bob, and thank y'all.
