For men on the go, it's not what's in the pipe, it's the pipe itself.
The Bob Dobbs Classic Meerschaum, hand-carved by the finest craftsmen in Malaysia.
This and other fine Bob Dobbs smoking accessories cast a spell of their own for the discriminating smoker.
Bob Dobbs pipes never go out. Of style.
Available at Kmart, Walmart, Target and Hypermart.
Oh, too much church.
Trace motion!
And welcome to the subjeious radio.
Trace down!
Yeah, nothing works really well.
Here's a song that we was all brainwashed with. Remember this oldies but goodies?
Trace the car.
And that's how the canton 오 Tasker
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
to the fact that it's also a pink, you know, the day before X Day, July 4th, being a pink
holiday, the holiday of those who think this is still a free country.
Boy, they're so good at making that sound like a crazy phrase.
But, oh, last night we, well, the family, the Stang family, because the world isn't
all subgenius yet, we had to go to a 4th of July party with our in-laws, my in-laws,
at North Dallas, a North Dallas country club, which shall remain nameless.
See, my in-laws are self-made, well, not millionaires, but thousandaires anyway.
And, you know, for business reasons, they have to stay in the club.
And, oh, that country club atmosphere, friends, I'm not around that very much anymore.
And it gives you...
It gives you the creeps.
You walk in there and it's like, this place, unclean, subgenius should not be here.
Evil, place of the enemy, the house of the enemy.
It's partly my boy, my boy Idnax and I were probably the only males with long hair.
I've got ordinary kind of long hair.
But he's got chains and earrings and all that kind of stuff on him, you know, cool.
But, boy, we felt...
But, boy, we felt...
All four of the stangs felt kind of out of place at that country club.
Because, well, we were the only non-whites in the crowd, aside from the help.
See, around 1980, you know, the yuppies in the club realized that it just didn't look right
for all the help to be old black guys like Morgan Freeman.
And I guess at some point they all saw Driving Miss Daisy,
and so they fired all the blacks and hired a bunch of Asians.
And anyway...
Right.
At this point, you're going, now, Reverend Stang, how do you figure you and your family as non-whites?
I mean, you're damn near as white as Bob, Reverend Stang.
And, well, yeah, of course, that's true.
And I'm proud of my northern Neanderthal heritage.
But what I mean is, well, see, since I left home in 1973 or whatever,
I've rarely been in a really all-white environment.
And unless you've been to a country club, you don't know what I'm talking about.
It's strange in there.
I mean...
And there's been a lot of times.
When my wife and I were the only old chalk people around.
And for us, it feels very weird to realize that we're in one of those all-white crowds.
Because for the true, true white, white person,
the really white bread type of white person,
and, you know, they only feel comfortable when everybody else looks like them.
And we're just the opposite.
And that's why I say we feel like non-whites.
Just because it's so obvious that we don't live up to the white North Dallas ideal.
But who cares, dear friends?
Who cares?
Because the end times are coming up.
You know, it's the first day of the end of the world.
And we've been given, Bob has given us to see,
signs and portents of what will bring this end.
What will trigger the day of judgment.
And what it's going to be.
And of course we know when the exes will, of course, arrive.
July 5th, 1998 at 7 o'clock in the morning.
All over the world.
But what triggers the end times for the other alien beings,
the Yakatizma and so forth,
is the...
This one moment when the world, when America becomes so decadent
that it no longer deserves to live.
And that sign of the end times, dear friends,
is the royal jelly enema.
At a time, 1998, 97, doesn't matter when, might be now, may have already happened.
A time when beggars are crowding the streets
and...
Uh...
Uh...
Children, poor children are out starving.
Celebrities and lawyers in Hollywood
will be indulging in the latest hedonistic health,
the crackpot health fad.
Getting enemas with pure royal jelly.
The honey fed to queen bees.
Which costs a thousand dollars for enough royal jelly
to get the average jaded swinger, um, you know, off or whatever.
And so at this point,
it's time when the homeless are selling their babies
to procure used, leftover ambergris and royal jelly enema byproducts.
When a Hollywood star,
the moment when a Hollywood star spends $60,000 in one night on that,
and his used jelly is sold on the streets for $200 for half a pint,
this so disgusts the aliens that they decide to trash the earth
before the...
Exist...
Arrival.
Friends.
It's gonna be a rough time, and I'm gonna, I'm gonna, this is,
this is gonna be an all-Ex Day night, a night of celebrating, yes,
that time when Bob will come and hose down the streets
and clean up this crooked and perverse nation.
So we're gonna hear from, uh, Father Joe Mama
as he delves on into this as well.
Praise Bob.
Hello, friends, and welcome.
You know, most of you out there must be feeling pretty smug with yourselves.
After all, you're alive.
You're healthy.
Your life's insured.
There's little money set aside in case of accidents.
What more could you ask for?
These are good times.
Easy money, easy sex, VCRs, and Nintendo to keep your minds off of.
The golden age is never the present age.
You know, they say that the golden age is never the present age.
They really do say that.
But we look all around us everywhere, and what do we see?
Golden opportunity.
Well, friends, that's just calm before the storm,
because tonight's sermon is entitled,
Ex Day 1998, Day of Reckoning.
We all know vaguely what Ex Day is.
Bob told us himself that it shall occur July 5th, 1998.
The exes shall land and whisk the good subgenies off
to never an unpleasant cruise of the cosmos.
But what of the pinks that remain on Earth?
What will happen to the a-holes that are left behind?
Well, friends, as much as I hate to gloat over those less fortunate,
the fact is they'll get exactly what they deserve.
Now to any real subgenie, giving the normal what he deserves
is about the cruelest fate a normal could ever receive.
After all, these are the same normals that have supported the conspiracy for centuries.
These are the same normals that have tortured us with their ignorance and defiled the name
of Bob.
These are the same normals that have taken the most free country in the world and turned
it into an ever-growing bureaucratic governmental monster that feeds on taxes, committees, laws,
statutes, buck-passing, and fill-in-the-blank.
Then once the creature's rot-filled gut sprues out the digested combination of all the vashes,
before mentioned by the lawyers and liars that created this filth, what's the result?
Why, the conspiracy, of course!
And this pile of stinking defecation we're supposed to kneel before and worship and serve?
Never!
Bob will avenge us for the years of conspiracy rule on that most dreaded of subgenius holidays,
X-Day 1998!
Dreaded by them, but not by us!
Let us look at Bob's prophecy and see what the normals have in store for them, shall we?
Bob's word comes in many mysterious ways, not all of which are immediately recognized
as divine in origin.
Indeed, since Bob transcends time, so does his word.
This revelation popped up in a 1938 radio drama.
In this story, the Martians, then a synonym for aliens, later to be known as X-ists, are








the most famous.
They have landed and started to round up the normals.
Two of the unlucky survivors meet to discuss the future of mankind.
The smarter one asserts, quote,
I've thought it all out.
Right now, we're caught as we're wanted.
An X-ist only has to go a few miles to get a crowd on the run.
But they won't keep on doing that.
They'll begin catching us systematic-like, keeping the best and storing us in cages and
things.
They haven't begun on us yet.
Not begun.
Later, he goes on to say, all those little office workers that used to live in these
houses, they'll be no good.
They haven't any stuff in them.
They used to run, run off to work.
I have seen hundreds of them running and catching their commuter trains in the morning, afraid
that they'd get canned if they didn't.
Running back at night.
afraid that they wouldn't be in time for dinner.
Lives insured and a little invested in case of accidents.
Yay, and on Sundays, worried about the hereafter.
Well, the excess will be a godsend for those guys.
Nice roomy cages, good food, careful breeding, and no worries.
Yeah, after a week or so of chasing around the fields on empty stomachs,
they'll come and be glad to be caught.
Now, this is 1938, mind you.
He goes on to say, finally, that's not all.
These excess are going to make pets of some of them, train them to do tricks.
Who knows, get sentimental over the pet boy who grew up and had to be killed.
Yay, and some maybe they'll train to hunt us.
Yes, they will.
There's men who will do it gladly.
Well, friends, how much more obvious does Bob have to be?
When he gave this brief preview,
of the future in 1938 on CBS,
it sent millions of normals into the streets screaming for reprieve.
They repented, they begged forgiveness, and yet, just a few days later,
after Bob Orson Welles in the War of the Worlds broadcast
was described by the conspiracy as nothing more than a joke,
the normals went back to the conspiracy way of life as if nothing had ever happened.
They came so close.
To getting a second chance at mending their ways, but they blew it.
They went back to the conspiracy masters, and for their loyalty,
they were genously rewarded with yet another world war.
There's a strange sense of poetic justice to it, isn't there, friends?
Well, they haven't seen nothing yet.
Just wait till the real McCoy comes.
It's only a few miles down the road, pink boy.
And like Dr. Al prescribes to his patients,
if you're caught in a nuclear holocaust, and your skin begins to melt,
don't panic.
This is perfectly normal.
Yes, friends, just another normal way to die for the normals doomed to die.
What? Did I say doomed to die?
I should have said lucky to die, for blessed are the dead after X-Day arrives.
The doomed are the unlucky pink survivors
who must live out their wretched existence under the cruel and merciless exes.
Cruel to them, but not to us.
Not only will there be no more bowling alleys and golf courses
for the pinks, but there'll be no more subgenies to kick around anymore.
We'll be surfing the celestial stars, smoking our froth,
unweaving our slack, and sexing our anti-virgins like there was no tomorrow.
Because in space, friends, there isn't.
Only back on Earth will it be a tomorrow, and then the next day, and then the next.
It'll be an eternal hell without end.
And we'll be enjoying it all in the heavens on closed circuit TV,
because we won't want to miss a single revenge film minute.
Praise Bob! Amen.
One.
Take me off to space
Take me off to space
Come on down, you saucer man
And take me off to space
Take me off to space
Take me off to space
Come on down, you saucer man
And take me off to space
Stick needles in my belly
Take samples of my skin
Take samples of my skin
Take samples in my
I don't care as long as I can live with saucer man
I know that you don't take requests But I'm a special case
Come on down, you saucer man
And take me off to space
Take me off to space
Take me off to space
Come on down, you saucer man
And take me off to space
Take me off to space.
Hey, cow mutilators, let me join your crew.
Give me a knife, you bet your life I'll cut up cows for you.
I don't care if you're some kind of ghastly beast
without a face.
So come on down, you saucermen, and take me off to space.
Oh, take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Come on down, you saucermen, and take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Come on down, you saucermen, and take me off to space.
Come down, you tiny robots with your little nipper claws.
You pale and bug-eyed aliens with white and clammy paws.
Life is just a sucker's dream, and death is a disgrace.
So come on down, you saucermen, and take me off to space.
Oh, take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Woo!
Come on down, you saucermen, and take me off to space
.
Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Come on down, you saucermen, and take me off to space.
Boo!
Yeah!
Oh, friends.
No.
Oh, I should mention that was Morton N programmes
Lowe singing Take Me Off to Space, that wonderful old hymn. That's one of the hymns that we
like to sing on our subgenius holidays. A lovely, lovely old-time gospel hymn. Yes,
yes, yes. This is Doctors for Bob in the background. But friends, you know, our critics have some
people worrying now and then that the church might become corrupt. The church of the subgenius
might become corrupted by the conspiracy and there'd have to be a replacement for it.
Friends, I tell you, we don't have to worry about that because the true church, the true
church of the subgenius is going to be up in the saucers. The pinks won't have to worry
about even seeing the subgeniuses again. There'll be all kinds of cheap cults and spinoffs left
behind.
Just like the cargo cults among the last mutated remnants of humanity. And also there'll be
subgeniuses left behind. The subgeniuses who didn't think they really needed that $20 membership
card. Did we just have a power failure? I believe we did. Yeah, those who, as I was saying,
excuse me, friends, we're having a serious,
strange poltergeist effects in here as the lights flicker on and off. Yeah, yeah, anyway,
yeah, there'll be some subgeniuses left behind. The ones who, who didn't think they, they needed
that $20 membership card. The, the ones who tattooed Bob's face all over their whole bodies.
The ones who put, they might've put Bob on national TV. They might've donated their whole
estate to us, but they never sent, they never sent their $20.

$20.
$20.
$20.











It might be confusing a bit to those left behind after the rupture. Because the rupture happens for
different people in different ways. A lot of subgeniuses, when they undergo the rupture,
what, the people standing around and back on earth, it looks like a burning monk or
spontaneous combustion. They just burst into flames and scream and scream. It's the most
horrible, painful looking thing in the world. But of course that, friends,
that's just the image. That's just sort of the, the hologram, the body being left behind. Just the shell.
Because on next day, when you are ruptured, no matter how it looks, you know, your, your youthful, perfect body is being
recreated on the vessels of the sex goddesses and a thousand clones of kitten on TV Dodd are gonna, well, I, friends, when you get on that escape vessel,
Every person you ever had a crush on since elementary school is gonna be there ready to have sex with you.
Father. Patriarch or an affectionate, loving first Bottler. Oh, either that or else, simulacra of those people. It might as well be the same, because the sex goddesses you see can change their form completely and totally.
Oh, first there you there'll be. They'll be the say, the girl you had a crush on in first.
Grade. Well, now she's a perfect.
She's
Perfect,
right,
healthy at age 25, of course, you know. And when she leaves, why in walks the girl you had a crush
on in second grade? Or here's that boy you had a crush on when you were 13 and he almost kissed
you, but now he's going to do it. And he's still wearing the same clothes that he did at the prom.
Or that milkman or babysitter that you lusted after. They'll all be there. The sex goddesses
tap your mind. It's not really people. It's part of the muam system, a biomorphic toy that conforms
to the fleshly configurations to satisfy any kind of lust you might have. And they can pre-guess what
you're about to think, friends. They can sense a desire percolating up in your mind. And just,
for instance, just a few seconds before you think of it, that zap comic that you always
want to have. And they can pre-guess what you're about to think. And they can pre-guess what you

want to read a second time. What just happens to be over there in the pile? And you lay back and you
think, man, this is great. If only I had a frop stick. Well, here's a frop stick. Because muam and
the biomorphs and the sex goddesses can anticipate your every wish. They can whiff a desire coming on.
And you'll think, now, if I could just meet up with that haughty librarian at that one college
I went to.
While I'm reading this comic. And sure enough, in she comes through the door. Well, if only she'd
dance, you think. Oh, if only she had a small whip. And it happens. As you think about it,
there's no limit. No limit at all. And oh, if only she'd give me a ham sandwich first.
Ah, yes. Now I'm. And you'll sit there and think to yourself, you know, I can't believe there was
a time when I wondered if it was worth the 20 bucks.
You're sitting there eating the hell out of that ham sandwich, getting a scarf job from that
biomorph, watching widescreen color TV Elvis movies and thinking, how could I ever have wondered? How
could I ever have doubted Bob for a second? And to think of poor Bubba, my brother Bubba back there
on Earth, the guy that said, hell, send them $20. That's just what they want you to do. I'll pump gas
for $2.38 an hour the rest of my life. And I'll be out there waiting for you. And I'll be out there
before I'd send a dollar to that damn sub gum church. Oh, yeah. Well, it's hard times for Bubba
now, friends. Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me. Where was I? We just do it. Show poltergeist,
friends are coming at us from all angles. Ah, yes. Yeah, just when you're thinking about old Bubba,
didn't want to join the church. Well, the TV on the escape vessel in front of you lights up,
and there's this shot of Bubba down there eating a rotten rat and hiding from the death machines
that the rogue pinks made from the stolen womb parts. And Bubba will be down there muttering
to himself, oh, how could I do it? That was so stupid. I could have been saved. But no,
I didn't send my $20. Oh, God, here comes another robe.
And here I am in this pestering pile of rat waste and dead people and stripped bare skulls.
If only I could die. If only I could die. But I can't. I can't. Why, if only Bob was here now,
I'd give him my $20. I'd give him $40. I'd give you everything I own, Bob, please.
Well, friends, that just shows how much they trusted Bob.
They did. They did. They did. They did. They did. They did. They did. They did. They did.
They didn't trust Bob Dobbs. Didn't trust him $20 worth. Okay, fine. Fine. No skin off our teeth.
Pay lip service. Wear that Bob t-shirt. Be real hip. But when those saucers come,
well, you're either on the bus or you're off the bus, as those great proto-sub-genii used to say.
And the dumbest nerd could get on the bus for $20. Well, actually, those $20 don't count.
Their souls go into the cylinders that we trade for. But they should be proud that their souls, such as they are,
at least made it possible for their betters to ride the escape vessels of the sex goddesses.
And there'll be an orientation film that they'll show you when you're ruptured up, you know,
because otherwise it might be kind of confusing. This orientation film is kind of projected into your head.
It's introduced by Princess.
We are Doe, queen of all the UFOs, who's sort of this half-naked Flash Gordon slash Viking Brunhilde
with metal pointed breastplates and a horned helmet and all this UFO insignia or anything.
And she is the mistress of the path of least resistance. And she narrates this film.
And it's like, you will hear and obey. Take off your clothes. And you can watch the light.
You can either watch the...
orientation film or you can watch the live broadcast of X-Day or...
or you can just, you know, go back to having your fun with the different simulacra and sex goddesses and so forth.
And, of course, your sweetheart's going to be doing the same thing, too.
But because it's in... because it's on those spaceships on the inside the escape vessels,
it's... there's no time and no sense of jealousy.
It's... you'll always... it's like...
there's no sense of possessiveness because on that... in that no-zone of the saucers,
time ceases to exist, or at least it feels that way.
And you don't need to be grasping anymore like you did on Earth.
The overwhelming feeling that you get on the escape vessels is like, wow, the best part is...
it lasts as long as...
as long as I want it to.
And I can take forever.
I'm immortal for now.
And I... I don't have the... the urge to grab this and keep it so I can run somewhere else to grab some other thing.
I don't have to kill or defeat another monkey man to hang on to these... these big round soft things.
I'll have plenty of time to get to those other big soft round things.
More... more than I could ever use.
And my pipe overfloweth.
And the big round...
And the big round...

And the big round... soft things shall follow me through the land of Dobbs,
and I will dwell in the cleft in between forever.
It's like, oh, how are your multiple partners today, dear?
Oh, big and round and soft.
Ah, yes.
And there's...
But people ask so many questions.
I say, well, well, Reverend Stang, is there just one giant saucer, or is it a bunch of regional...
Well, Reverend Stang, is there just one giant saucer, or is it a bunch of regional...

You know, like an East Coast saucer and a West Coast saucer.
No, there's a million kinds of saucers, friends.
But it's... It's like virtual reality.
Once you're inside one of them, you might as well be in all of them.
You might as well be on Planet X.
You're not in normal space.
You can sort of phase to the other saucers or find your friends telepathically.
And you go, oh, I think I'll go to the Chinese saucer today, or I'll go to the gay and lesbian saucer.
Gee, I always wanted to try being a lesbian saucer.
and female. But meanwhile, those who are left behind, which is 99% of the population and
probably 90% of the subgeniuses, all those who didn't send their $20. They'll miss out
on next day. You know, come to think of it, I never sent. Technically, I mean, I've spent
a lot of my own money on the church, but I never sent my $20 in for a membership. Dr.
Palmer Vredes never did. Puzzling Evidence never did. Sterno never did. And you know,
friends, it won't matter what you did for Bob. What'll matter is whether you sent that
for that membership card. I guess I'm going to have to get around to that. Well, I got
plenty of time, plenty of time till next day. Oh, hell, that's 1998. We got all the time
in the world. There will be one big escape vessel just for the doctors, for the hierarchy.
And I can tell you that.
You can just see Byron and Gordon and some of those other people up there going, hey,
you know, we ought to go down and save Ivan and Philo and all those who never got around
to sending the $20. And then they'll go, well, we'll get around to it.
We're not sure where the escape vessels of the sex goddesses go, dear friends.
As far as I can tell, they'll probably just fly around. But I'm going to go, I'm going to go

to get off of this for right now we'll go to it an old hymn this is a lovely old subject i do mean
old this is like from 1981 old subgenius hymn by someone we only know as doug number four oh yes
please
oh kill me
i wanna die for god i wanna die and hold me hold and drown the pink boys
and the normals if we have to if we have to
make them die
and we'll all come back
oh
come back
oh
you say we got another key
praise
me bob i wanna buy
i wanna buy
a 01D
a
because the прог
you
you
thank comme
and
and
when we're
young
b me
do you mean
during
having
time
nyㅋㅋ
They will fall beneath our laser blades
And we'll all come back old women
We'll all come back old women
We'll all come back old women
In victory parades
Ah, yes, what a wonderful, wonderful tune
There from the good, good Reverend Doug No. 4
Who got scared by the Church of the Subgenius
Very shortly after doing that very song
And we never heard from him again
And for all I know, he might be listening to this show
Going, where's my royalties?
But he's not going to lack for royalties, dear friends
Because he'll be on those saucers
And he'll be on those saucers
And I hope, I hope that you will too
I hope you'll join us there on that lovely day
And to make sure that, let's go through some of these things
To double check just before X Day
There'll be more of this in our upcoming book, Revelation X
This is where a lot of these notes are coming from, by the way, friends
From a research session between myself and Dr. G. Gordon Gordon
In conference with that man
J.R. Bob Dobbs
Yes, sort of a teleconference that we were on
Praise this modern day technology
That way we didn't have to be in the same room with Bob
Don't you see it's a dream
But anyway
I mean, you don't want to miss
Your chance to be on the escape vessels of the sex goddesses
On X Day
You don't want to end up down on Earth being fried
So make sure that you have a real subjection
And you have a subgenius minister's card on you at all times
Now you never know, X Day might come early
So keep it with you
Subgeniuses often lose those in the wash
We get a lot of mail from people saying that
I washed my membership card, can I have another one?
And you don't want that to happen just before X Day, friends
So if you have members who have lost their cards
But who are paid up and on the master disc of souls
Because we can tell, you can't fool us
We'll give you a free replacement card from the Dallas headquarters
Anytime, free of charges
By sending yourself a draft stamped envelope
This is members only
To Bob
And we'll be giving that post office box number soon
In the broadcast
P.O. Box 140306 Dallas, Texas 75214
Is what I'll be telling you
But oh, X Day
You know on X Day
For those down below on Earth
You know it'll be a little bit of a surprise for you
A little different than it would be up in the escape vessels of the sex goddesses
They'll look up
Trying to put, while they're trying to put their clothes out
Uh, there'll be this huge eyeball in the sky
This giant pyramid shaped light form
With a big eye that just
Covers the whole sky
And it's filming for the escape vessel screens
Oh yes, when we can watch what's going on down there
We can watch any part of it we want
And we can also leave messages
Because the big eye
Projects sort of billboards
Holographic billboards
From horizon to horizon
That say things like
Smile
You know, welcome to your stupid life
You're being seen live
On the escape vessels of the sex goddess screens
Where the subgeniuses
Are now partying
You dumb idiots
I mean a big billboard
Stretching all across the planet
In all languages saying
Fools, we're having a great time
And the subgeniuses can take turns
Broadcasting personal statements
So, you know
This horrible pink
Evil person will be down there
Uh, fighting the roe beast
And suddenly there's
This, uh, voice will ring out
Hey, Mrs. Darden
I was in your 1959 fifth grade class
Remember me?
Steve Wilcox, ha ha, I'm up here
You're down there, ha!
Or, uh, like pain radio
Coming to you, Mr. Shaughnessy, the principal
Remember when you expelled me?
How do you like the pain, huh?
And, uh, you know
You get back at me anyway
Oh, you laughed at me in junior high, Max
You put me upside down into a trash can
You and your jock friends
You aren't laughing quite so hard now, are you?
Ha ha ha
And there'll be little
Holographic
Ghost-like things
Green slime type ghost sort of things
Millions of little 3-D Janers
Flying around, taunting
And saying, you should've spent your $20
Should've spent your $20
Oh, friends, friends
Oh, praise Bob, praise Bob, praise Bob
It's gonna be so
But, you know, and
And so we find
That the world isn't really to be destroyed
It's that the humans
What happens is the humans are given
All this alien technology
And they screw everything up
They've got a miracle system

They've got a miracle machine there
This womb thing
That could do anything they want
But nobody pays any attention to it at first
Because, uh, they don't know what its capabilities are
And it's real cautious about revealing itself too fast
And they don't know that this fungus
That's growing around them
Could fulfill their wildest desires
Because they don't believe it can
Because they don't have any wild desires
Because they didn't think to ask
And people will be down there in the ruins
Begging us with their last potato
To preach and deliver unto them the word of Dobbs
Uh, because it's the only thing that'll save them
It's subgenius artifacts
Like old copies of the book of the subgenius
Or illegal bootleg tapes of this radio show
Original pamphlet number ones
Even an old Dobbs head
It'll be worth a boxcar full of canned peaches, friends
Because the luck shell
The luck shell that we've always had
Always claimed was around our various products
That you thought we were only kidding about
And that's real
And it will become visible on X day
A glow that's visible even in daylight
Any given page of the printed word of Bob
Will be not only of practical use as lamps in the dark
But more importantly
They'll be unthinkably valuable religious treasures
Dear friends
The most valuable things on the whole planet
Because you're safe
And you're safer if you have that
If you've got a copy of this show with you
It tips your luck playing
It helps a whole lot against radiation
And landslides
And brain worms
And noise demons
And nerve runners and all that
It isn't nearly like having a membership card
But it's a lot better than having nothing
Because friends, your faith
Your faith in Bob
Will be all you have left on that day
And he'll know whether you believed in him
Wotan will know
And he will come
He will come to judge
The X's
Have landed
Earth's under
Their control
Bob's vision
Spans proven
The city's
Radioactive home
We don't know
What their game is
But their name is
Unpronounceable
We don't know
What they came for
But they came for















But what they aim for
Is impossible
Despair not, you beasts
In the second year
Before the millennium
Of the day of God
Come Wednesday
As in the twinkling of night
They will come among the Yaka-Kisma
Which are like unto thy great white brothers
They come as men
As grave and images
As a whirlwind
And as a cloud
And beyond all of the heavens
Where they call for thee
The X's
Have landed
Their machines
Following our tracks
Bob's vision
Spans proven
A world
Without slack
Hello friends
And welcome
The sermon tonight is entitled
How to prepare for the end of times
Obviously they're just around the corner now aren't they
You look on the horizon and what do you see
Death
Destruction
Nuclear Armageddon
All out war
Now move on







Do nothing but be afraid of what they see
Oh no we might get hurt they say
Damn right
And that's the beauty of it
Not only are they gonna get hurt
They're gonna get killed
Each and every one of them
They're gonna be slim and in their own blood
Now what about the subgenies you say
Well we're all in this together now you see
Right?
Wrong
We've got a lifeguard
Someone to toss us a life saver
That life preserver is none other than
J.R. Bob Dobbs
and the rope that connects us to his salvation is slack.
The only way you're going to be able to reach Bob Dobbs
and stay afloat is to have enough slack on your lifeline.
Now, friends, what does it take to have enough slack?
For one thing, you should always remember
who you are working for.
Now, the pinks, they think they're going to retire
for the conspiracy,
and the conspiracy is going to protect them.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Oh, they have a rude awakening in store for them now,
don't they?
It will begin as a small conflict.
A police action, if you will.
Then it will expand and grow
and engulf the Persian Gulf.
Next you'll know they'll be knocking at your door
and ringing on your telephone.
Guess who gets an all-expense-paid trip to the Mediterranean?
They don't call it Club Med for nothing.
The MAD stands for medical,
because that's where you're going to wind up.
But the real fun doesn't even start
until the bombs start going off in your very own neighborhood.
Oh, sure, at first it'll only be a local terrorist or two,
so it won't be as if you're being blown
to bits by strangers.
But then again, what difference does it make
when you're flying through air with the greatest of ease, eh?
Besides, it's only a matter of time
before it begins to rain bombs from the heavens.
You won't be able to step outside
without getting an instant flash burn.
What's that you say?
Everyone is on our side?
The world is united so no one would want to attack us?
Who said the bombs would be coming from anywhere on this world?
Friends, they'll be dropped from sub-orbit.
From intergalactic sanitation and sterilization ships
dispatched from our good old friends up yonder on Planet 10.
They'll watch until the pinks are pretty well pooped from killing each other.
And then they'll come on down and mop up.
The killdozers and amphibious land shark ships
will sweep across the countryside with typical efficiency.
They'll round up the pinks like cattle.
Death will take a holiday.
The lucky ones will die quick.
The unlucky ones will die slow.
And the moron majority won't die at all.
They'll be put in plastic bags and freeze-dried
for convenience.
Interplanetary self-service space snacks.
Oh, don't you believe the conspiracy lies
that pinks don't taste good?
They may not have good taste,
but they damn sure taste good.
This is just a plain and simple fact you must take on faith for even Bob Dobbs
does not suggest that you eat pinks before X-Day.
Lick pinks, now that's alright,
but eat them taboo.
They're a dessert to be savored, to be saved.
Something to look forward to, something to gloat over
as we float over to our promised land beyond the stars.
And we gotta keep them now fresh, don't we?
Oh, yes siree, you probably think that a pink can't be freeze-dried
and then thawed back to life, but you're wrong.
You're talking about a conspiracy technology there, folks.
But we're talking about the same brains that can go traveling
through light years and instantaneous folding of space.
Do you think that the minds that contain the wisdom of the universe
would allow the pinks to escape life with nothing more than a freeze burn?
Why, that only measures 265 candles on the Agony scale.
Why, getting sliced to death by paper cuts earns less candles than that.
And after all the pinks have done to you,
you're willing to send them off with a mere million paper cuts?
Have you no human dignity?
Have you at long last surrendered all semblance of common decency?
Bob said, do unto them as they have done unto you.
So anything short of the glass rod ramming routine is fair game.
Then again, nah.
Don't let anybody say that subgenius don't have a little compassion here and there.
So where does this leave us today, dear friends?
It radiates new hope amongst the dark and dreary horizon,
while some whine and whimper about the possible loss of a few million lives,
hither, tither, and yawn.
We celebrate, for bub-lical prophecy is coming to fruition.
At long last, the exes will come forth to wreak Bob's revenge.
For lo, these many years of yearning, burning, and churning
amongst the pseudo-suitable substance some say sucks,
but let my people go.
Swing low, sweet chariots of fire.
They're coming to take us away, ha.
Yea, the end is nigh.
So eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow they die.
Praise Bob, amen.
Oh, praise Bob, praise Bob.
What a beautiful, beautiful thing.
That was Father Joe Mama, also known as Papa Joe Mama.
We call him that sometimes.
And before that, of course,
the redoubtable Pastor Bucknaked,
Bucknaked and the Jaybirds doing a classic subgenius song,
The Way It Should Be Done,
The Exes Have Landed.
Ah, yes.
And while I'm thinking about show,
if anybody out there got a copy,
a good stereo copy of this show,
particularly somebody who lives, like, in Arlington,
give us a call up here at the station,
and, uh, cause we'll probably, there's probably two or three people,
and there's no sense of all of you sending your copy,
cause I got, I got a copy, but it's not a good one.
It's not stereo.
And, uh, I like to have a good one,
uh, cause we send them out.
And you can call the station, of course,
here at 823-7490.
It's ironic, too, because old Reverend Sheldon DeWerr
called me up not long ago and said,
and left a message saying, should I keep copying our slack shows, or,
cause it's gonna be a hassle, and I said,
and I didn't call him back.
I didn't call him back cause I was too busy.
Mm-hmm.
Thought I was too busy.
Well, maybe old Sheldon got one of his copies,
and maybe he didn't.
If he didn't, it serves me right.
But, friends, let me tell you where to,
where to write for more information
on the Church of the Subgenius.
Cause you've been listening to the, uh,
the preachings of the Church of the Subgenius
from me, your host, Pastor Reverend Ivan Stang,
and, uh, this show is called
the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
We bring you one hour of slack every week,
and that's all the slack you're gonna get until...
X day. Ah, yes.
And I know you wanna have all those materials
in your pocket that you'll need
for all the paradise that we've been describing.
And you can get write-for-free information
on all those other things we have to offer besides radio waves.
Just drop by.

Drop us a postcard. Send it to...
B-b-b-Bob.
That's right.
Bob at...
Post Office Box...
140306...
Dallas, Texas...
75214.
Yes, indeed, friends, that's...
That's Bob at P.O. Box 140306,
Dallas, Texas, 75214.
What a...a beautiful...a beautiful thing.
And coming up here, we have this song,
uh...uh...uh...
the most lovely, lovely Subgenius hymn,
Hymn 999,
uh, by the good Reverend Gore Don Trueby in New York.
Ah, yes, baby!
Before I play that, I should also mention
for Dallas audiences, there is a referral.
Revival coming up Thursday, July 9th, 9 p.m.
Uh, a modest revival at Chumley's Coffee House
in Deep Ellum, right on the corner of Ellum and Good Latimer.
That's Thursday, 9 o'clock, at Chumley's.
Chumley's Coffee House.
Small Subgenius revival.
Well, I shouldn't say small.
There's about 40 different Subgenius local preachers gonna be there,
including Buck Naked and, uh...
Why, just the whole strange gang and Reverend Eddie Lee Banks.
Deshalb.
Da ignite,
And got the city on fire
Bride Young or Christina
I...I...I named myself


I...I never show up
Watching GIZ
Thank you, occurs
The End Times are near, but there's nothing to fear
If you just send us a dollar
Get ready, get set
Prepare for the launch of the bleeding head of a bomber
Remember the motto, perform the salute
Slack off and study the pamphlets
And if you shoot water, then look to the sky
Cause Bob's always somewhere nearby
There's a pipe in the sky
And I'll follow
Remember the motto, perform the salute

And if you shoot water, then look to the sky
And if you shoot water, then look to the sky
And if you shoot water, then look to the sky
And if you shoot water, then look to the sky
And I'll follow with any way
Through the sun, make more power
Through the hurricane's eyes
There's a pipe in the sky
And I'll follow with any way
Through the sun, make more power
Through the floor of the ocean
Through the floor of the ocean
Through the mountain so high
Through the mountain so high
There's a pipe in the sky
There's a pipe in the sky
And I'll follow with any way
