And always remember to put the name of the show on the envelope with your...
A pledge...
A check...
Welcome to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slap.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
Hoping your time is all time, and all your unpermissible truths are happy truths.
Here is your host, Reverend Ivan Stang.
Folks, before I bring our star out, you know what the hell, a joke's a joke, right?
And, I mean, he kids a lot about religion, you know, and lesbians, and dope, and politics.
But what the hell, yeah?
He was in the service for three...
Three years, and, uh...
They had once attacked him, and felled him to the pavement.
He was taken to the receiving hospital where his wounds were dressed.
Thanks a lot, Pete. That's all the Laugh-A-While news.
Welcome, dear friends, to the Laugh-A-While news.
We'll ask you to laugh along with us for a while, while we do the news.
Are you from Fresno?
Things are getting crazier all the time, Ted.
Crazier and crazier all the time.
But they're all making news, and it's all news, and it's all informal.
Bah!
Eternal salvation.
Or triple your money back.
The Church of the Subgenius.
Bring you another 33 minutes of condensed, eraglic function.
Over the quality audio-visual techniques exacerbated and complicated.
By the Church of the Subgenius.
Copyright 1985-86.
Oh, Dr. Sproul.
What about the code, Bill? Are we doing all right?
Well, so far, I've got a copy here of the production code.
I think the talk of murder, Professor...
Initially, of course, the code says that the technique of murder must not be presented in a way that will inspire imitation.
And, uh...
And, uh...
And, uh...
And, uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Brutal killin-
Get on with it!
Brutal killings are not to be represented in detail.
That is, revenge in modern times shall not be...
Uh, Ted, I think that you missed an important point there.
Ted!
Uh!
Oh, memories.
Memories.
Memories.
Memories.
Memories.
Memories.

We ain't got no legs.
That means I ain't got no legs, you ain't got no legs,
and them men in there ain't got no legs.
Now, what does that sound like to you?
The self-genius.
It gets up and kills.
The people it kills get up and kill.
Should any other shows be heard from or contacted in the course of this show,
the listener is advised to remain calm and only contact listed or unlisted officials
in the event of any material from this radio or other listening device being inhaled during broadcast.
Ah, yes.
Oh, friends.
Good to be back with you, although, you know,
your dear host and prayer partner, Reverend Stang,
may have to admit something to you.
We're kind of in trouble here.
I should say I'm in trouble with the conspiracy.
We told the conspiracy we'd have this new subgenius book finished by now.
And, well, actually, we told them we'd have it finished last August.
And then we told them we'd have it finished by now.
And we still don't.
And until we finish that new subgenius book, Revelation X, the Bob Apocryphon,
why we can't finish the start, the fifth.
We're going to have to go to the book magazine and can't get any other jobs.
And we don't get paid to look for that.
And can't do a whole lot of our slack preparation when you're chained to that computer.
So, but what you do end up with is lots and lots of pages of words.
And those words, I mean, it's going to be a year before you read those words.
So, instead, you're just going to have to hear.
Some of those words from Revelation X, the Bob Apocryphon.
And as it says here on this particular script, dear friends,
did you know that through the church of the subgenius, you can learn to live with your sins?
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Because, you know, we in this church, we use promises of sex to lure converts.
And so come and get it, man.
I mean, here we are.
Come and get it.
It's not pornography, officer.
It's empowerment.
And my friends, my lady, you can learn to masturbate without going blind.
You can perform astral sex with anyone you want.
You can, you, yes, you can have intercourse.
With beautiful, live, nude, why mine?
Or damn near anything else.
Because Bob, friends, Bob is a sex god.
And he has come, and come again to rationalize your sins.
Through the master Bob's patented techniques of astrochemistry.
And B.B. Wow's amazing tantric deviational technology.
You will learn the real secret behind magic.
And you will learn the real secret behind magic.
And freemasonry.
Sex hurts, trademarked, until it feels so good.
It hurts.
Yes, the restrained fury of fornication.
It can be re-channeled to release hidden energies which allow communication with higher intelligences from the stars.
Plus, your orgasmotic radiation.
Or aetheric fallout from any sex.
Not for procreation.
Will affect the genes of the normals around you.
Causing their kids to be born subgeniuses.
You now have not only a right, but a duty.
A duty to do anything you want.
With any consenting partner.
And we'll help you find at least one.
Free blessing cloth with every orgasm.
Our women are screaming dimly.
We'll meet you lonely lads and lassies.
And our men are dying to ravish you subgenius gals and guys.
We honestly don't care what you look like.
So don't fall for the bashful act.
Politely state your intentions.
Politely is the key word here.
And then sit back and watch the action begin.
.
It's that simple.
You'll be able to quit or start doing it in a matter of days.
Eases recovery.
Don't bother with old fashioned dowsing rods ever again.
Repels fleas, flies and locusts for seven days.
Superb marital aid.
Keep dry the masculine way.
Satisfy your every fetish.
Your sweetie will never know you used it.
Weight loss.
Hair growth.
Romance.
No ma'am.
You won't care how dumb he is when you see these incredible results.
A purer ooze than drugs, the bible or even TV.
Imagine.
No danger of stained clothing.
Truly invisible.
Won't rustle.
Amazingly comfortable.
All pulp chassis is flexible yet resilient.
No more difficult de-spumming.
.
Name one other religion that can make these claims.

Industriosexuals?
Are you guilty of no sex appeal?
You can be more attractive with brain enlargement surgery.
Develop a fuller frontal lobe like Barbie.
Overcome shyness and guilt with this perfect replacement for a huge penis or gigantic breast.
Strap it on.
Your subconscious will do the rest.
Why balk at anything?
Lose your pants with amazing slack.
There are worse fantasies.
Take and keep it off.
Get out of the dark.
Drum the peeper and rub the dilation.
We love it too.
Do you go soft too soon?
There's nothing to inflate.
No zippers or snaps.
Just slip it on over your inhibitions and wow.
Don't worry about the abrasions if you start to overheat.
Automatic stake in the heart shuts it right down.
You'll shout hallelujah P-Dawg when you feast your eyes on this little sweetheart.
She jiggles.
She shakes.
She oozes like a prairie squid on a hot platter.
But best of all.
You can be a virgin or an atheist.
And we'll still let you be a subgenius.
And thanks to Reverend Gene Oside for that lovely background music.
You are now about to begin.
The Grinch.


A great adventure.
The journey out of the mild.
Watch out little one.
Don't be scared.
Come sit with me on my favorite fucking chair.
Please tell me a story Mr. Mushroom.
Well then.
Would you like to hear something really scary?
Hmm?
It's right.
Mr. Mushroom smartphones.
optic
communicate
ask
you
Thank you.
Oh, yes, baby.
And while, well, shoot, while that little piece of music,
well, that made me think.
I ought to play a song, yes?
I should.
I don't want to have to just preach your heads off all day and all night.
There is a little song that I could,
what am I going to do, get these darn buttons,
you've got to push all the right buttons around here.
We got an interesting CD in the mail just recently
from the same guy who does Come Together Productions,
the unauthorized French subgenius psychedelic pop album.
And this is another psychedelic pop album.
It's a CD from Freak Beat Magazine
who has presented this,
this thing called A Psychedelic Sauna.
And I was scanning through it,
and everything good from it you just heard
in that little musical collage I just played.
But although that instrumental part was the middle of a song
called Conspiracy by Mandragora,
however, the words were completely muffled,
and so I didn't try to play the whole thing.
But there was,
out of all these 18 songs,
here was one by Poisoned Electric Head called Snobs.
And I thought you might likely to hear that.
Yeah.
So
and many others who were listening are as you can tell,
several of whom will someday stand on their own two feet
when they continue to cast All We W 125 anti-esp risen
and fourteen Gross compelled Write me off you home
song
come zeigen
Equatched to the country
Vocal comfort
L comma
Classical
No stop, it's a seven year old
It's a seven year old
No stop, it's a seven year old
It's a seven year old
I went to the bank to check out if I had enough
I'm in a pocket with a file of books
You figured in a summer old suit
Thought I was a bum cause I didn't have a little of you
Well, I ain't no money brother
What the hell can I do?
No stop, it's a seven year old
It's a seven year old
No stop, it's a seven year old
It's a seven year old
It's a seven year old
guitar solo
guitar solo
We lived in a neighborhood
Where everybody was a man
Everybody has a nice car
But no one says their name
But their relatives are living far
We were walking out with a damn gym
Spun with a train
Find them in the restaurant
So many people get in a wine bar
MKR
Where's that alien swimming machine for my car?
No stop, it's a seven year old
It's a seven year old
No stop, it's a seven year old


It's only a half dollar machine




No stop, it's a seven year old
It's a seven year old
It's a seven year old

No stop, it's a seven year old
It's a seven year old
It's a seven year old
Oh that's sort of
Spinkin, the look of the hair
All theywhile bands
You gotta little
imal
So stay even
All you wear
Oh my God
Oh my God
Oh my gosh
Oh my gosh
Oh my God



If the window
Wils see me
learn to understand the criteria for evaluating the truth or falsehood of a particular concept
or statement, you find that there are ever-branching paths that can lead one down in determining
what is reality. Jerry, UFOs are real. They are real. However, the reality of them is
so mind-boggling that words that we can understand have not yet been invented for the truth behind
them. And there is much more to be learned. We're just grasping at the first inklings
of what the truth is about these presences in our midst.
These are enlightening keys to the Computer God Worldwide top secret number code, which
stratifies everything. Not only the four billion living people, the computer gods, but the
computer god adopted it for speed and clarity. This set number code is the means to make
possible the computer god worldwide containment policy for stratification.
Why did it take one second in time to evolve X particles, quarks, nucleons, neutrinos,
and electrons, but it took one million years to form nuclei and then atoms?
Because Meekie wanted it that way.
Oh, what a depressing, paranoid answer. And yet I sense there's a great deal of truth
in it. You know, recently I managed to perform a
science experiment. I was in a lab and I was told that the computer god was a human being.

I had the scientific experiment. And, uh, see, this is my apparatus right here. I managed
to pull in...
Hey, put that apparatus away.
I just wanted to show you the actual face of Meekie. I've got it. I captured it and
I made this image and I mailed it to, uh, Ivan Stang just, um, when? Just today.
He didn't. So he won't get it for a while.
He won't get it for a while, no. But when he gets it, it may cause his eyes to squeeze
in their sockets and each particular hair to stand on end like quills.
So it's like the Shroud of E.D., then?
Well, it's an image. It's an image. It's created out of multi-dimensional bits of micro-information
beamed through the reaches of interstellar space back from the cloudy and coherent beginnings
of all time.
It's on an Etch-A-Sketch, right?
No, I sketched it on... I mean, I... that is to say, I enhanced the image. I did add
a few details, you know, to make it more sexy.
You were telling us just a bit, didn't you?
Well, you know, science is largely interpretation. You have to interpret the data, and so, uh...
Isn't everything largely interpretational?
Well, he's smoking a pipe. He's smoking a pipe. His face is a dark mass with a few light
areas rising out of it. The eyes are not the same size and are, uh, sort of round but not
perfect, uh, discs. They seem to be watery with light shining through them. There is
a suggestion of a pupil.
Eww.
It's, uh, the skin...
Eww.
The skin looks scaly, and there are pimple-like things also on it. Uh, it's shiny on the top,
and, uh, generally, the whole thing is a black mass, but it's smoking a pipe.
Well, it looks very familiar.
It looks devilishly so.
Yes, it does.
Uh, you know, this is what I get from my long-range deep dish antenna.
Now, after one million years, I dreamed that, uh, the galaxies formed.
Really?
Pardon me. I put that the wrong way. I dreamed that the galaxies formed.
The galaxies formed after one million years. After we had, uh, atomic, uh, material.
You've been dreaming for a million years now, and that's a dream?
Oh, yes. Deep in dreams, strewn with wandering fancies of the mind.
I had a dream about you once.
And what was in it?
Ha ha ha.
You dreamed...
Well, we can't tell that on the radio.
Oh, really? It has to be classified, eh?
Yeah, classified information.
Well, you get to tell your dreams, but others may not be so fortunate.
Others may not get to hear it.
For to pass that grim gate...
With its blackened and undecipherable inscription, passing under the stained teeth of the portcullis, dried blood-red with rust, and venture yet only part of the way across that moldering ridge, to come so far, and yet, through the temerity of timidity, venture no farther, to indulge in withered dithering so that the other side remains unappeasably unvisited, is to fall forever short.
Such a short fall is an eternal embarrassment, and to pull up shorts, sweet as it may feel, still leaves exposed what the dead may have seen.

And to be so sure of that, you must be prepared to be
dispensation already has revealed.
Then, show not your shaking shanks to the prying eyeball of perpetuity, but snap your
digits in defiance before the iris of that glaucous orb.
Yeah, that's right.
Indeed, it is Dr. Howell, the good Dr. Howell there, howling away his four philosophies
as best he can.
And I'm sure you've heard of him.




As best any of us can, dear friends.
Well, I would like to read to you a little bit more, this time from the Gospel according
to Dr. Philo Drummond.
The new book, Revelation X, will feature gospels by those original thirteen apostles.
I'm sure you've heard of them.



I've heard of the one who wrote the Bible, the one who wrote the Bible, who knew Bob,
who knew the Bob at the time, while he was alive and still talking to us.
And I'm just going to read this little section here.
This is kind of difficult for me because these are the remembrances of Dr. Philo Drummond.
He's a friend of mine, and I'm not going to try to imitate the way he talks.
That would be pointless.
But, well, I'm going to read it to you.





I'll just go through it here, friends.
As we begin here, Gospel according to Philo, 14.3.
Philo is describing after he had risen on the conspiracy ladder.
This was in the late 50s when Bob was working for the conspiracy and had started to work
for the conspiracy.
He had succeeded quite well.
He had not yet rebelled from them.
It says here, as Philo says,
Dobbs started getting increasingly paranoid about his enemies, the list of whom grew to
include his business rivals, his bosses, his customers, his mother-in-law, the IRS, the
communists, and the Venusians.
He certainly had some enemies, but how could they harm him?
But then Dobbs was never known for his logical thinking.
He became something of a...
survivalist and constructed an elaborate bomb shelter under his backyard.
One time when he was showing off his anti-personnel gear to me, he said,
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day.
Give a man a gun and others will feed him for a lifetime.
It was in this trough of negativity and despondency that I began to think about the
conspiracy that Bob began his wanderings, what we call his lost years.
He quit his conspiracy jobs and dropped out of sight.
He told me that during this time, the late 50s, he was hitchhiking boat rides around
Indonesia trying to discover himself.
And that goes through various adventures he had.
Okay, I'll start again here.
1497, for Dobbs, 1497.
His captors sold him into white slavery.
And he was used by a wizened old sultan magician as an experimental sex toy.
He has never gone into detail about that except to say that he learned a lot about himself.
After a couple of years in captivity, he hustled enough money to buy his freedom.
He then surfaced in Tibet at a place called the Plateau of Chang'e,
where he fell in with the llamas of the Sormaun.
The Sormaun Brotherhood.
His arrival was prophesied in their holy texts, which said,
He will come to you smoking one pipe and having one solitary eyebrow which blights his face.
Dobbs had indeed lost an eyebrow.
He told the Sultans, the Tibetans, that it was because he had been branded by the sultan.
But in fact, he had lost it by lighting the pipe too close to his face while fraternizing with his Burmese captors.
He successfully sued the Jakarta lighter manufacturer in 1960.
For a while, I think, Bob got his kicks from flaunting his amoral western ways in the llamas' faces.
But their patience must have been rewarded,
because he ended up swearing off his gamboling and sinning,
and joined their monastery as a fellow monk.
Bob threw himself into the discipline, heart and soul,
becoming such a good meditator that he developed calluses on his scalp from standing on his head for so long every day.
He went for two years without bathing, wiping, or changing his clothing,
letting the rain and the urine or spittle of his detractors wash him.
He wore barbed wire shirts, put nails in his shoes,
and rolled in thorn bushes every time he had an impure thought,
which he defined as the urge to sell faulty goods just for the hell of it.
He rode through all the villages backwards on an ass,
wearing a dunce cap on which all his sins were listed.
Beset by tulpas of his own creation,
he suffered poltergeist attacks continuously.
He lived in caves and fasted for months.
He wanted to levitate himself into the sky to escape the stench of humans, as he said,
but because he was afraid of heights,
stayed inside and let his head bump the cave roof instead.
Eventually, for Bob, there was no longer any difference between meditating
and not meditating.
Every single word, thought, or act became a meditation,
and thenceforth he was able to practice unlimited action,
or not think, trademark.
At this point, he abandoned his severe asceticism
and more or less reverted to his old goatish ways.
As Bob told me upon his return,
one must be totally free from desire,
to achieve true freedom,
and that means acquiring everything you desire.
I am become like a handy wipe.
A handy wipe may clean everything it touches,
but itself becomes soiled.
Yet it can be replaced by another handy wipe
exactly the same as the first one.
The women that were too beautiful for the normals
have let me sleep with them.
The hunchbacked and obese and elderly ones,
and the cripples,
and to me, each was the most beautiful woman on earth.
I have made love to ten thousand beings,
but not once was the act defiled by lust.
I loved them with all my soul.
Similarly, I loved all the animals.
All animals have the Buddha nature,
more so than humans.
And if one feels affection and lust for them,
they will return it.
Except for chickens.
Oh, yes dear.
Dear friends,
some readings from the new unpublishable book of the subgenius.
Yes, unpublishable because it sometimes seems to be
un-finishable.
Ah, yes.
Like this show.
This show that never, never seems to quite go away
and leave us in the peace we so
rightly deserve.
Do we not, my friends?
Oh, yes.
And as I wait simply for this side of the show to end
so that I can start the next side of the show,
padding,
padding your spiritual emptiness as well as mine,
just to get us through one more week, yes?
Yes.
Some people say they wouldn't be able to go into work on Monday
were it not for this horrible show,
this hour of slack.
And I'm sorry that we may
Are you on drugs, sir?
I bet you use marijuana and all this kind of stuff.
You can come on down from the bathroom, honey.
It's okay.
I've got new brain and a briefcase.
You don't have to agonize on the toilet all morning
trying to organize your thoughts.
Have the skin flaps folded, Margaret.
I'm meeting with the CEO of the company.
The CEO of Ironveld Petroleum.
As long as there's parchment around the mummy's groin,
there'll be plenty of gravy for us white exploiter classes.
Okay, great.
Then I'll just turn off the oatmeal.
And you can turn them inside out for greater storage space.
There's no floppy disks or software to worry about,
only creased convulsions of pure synthetic brain tissue.
It's more than the party gag sensation of the 21st century.
It's... it's... it's...
Is it paranormal to kill another person?
No, I would say that is quite a... unfortunately, a normal activity.
How so? How can a normal person kill another person?
Well, it certainly happens all too frequently.
It does, but explain to me...
Go ahead.
It is explainable by certainly known laws of physics, however you're correct.
The emotional states that result in suffering.
Civil disorder could have an influence from beyond certainly mere physical matter.
How can a... how can a person kill a stranger for no reason?
How can they kill a person for... a stranger for no reason?
Collin, you're posing a question
that has baffled mankind for thousands of years,
and I don't know if we can...
It's not paranormal.
As you said yourself, it's normal.
You have to, uh... you know, espouse something different, you know,
as into, uh... ergonomic qualities or something like that,
or parabolic abnormalities or something, don't you?
Well, I don't know if parabolic abnormalities quite fit into this category,
but, Collin, I thank you for your concern in this matter,
and I hope, uh, perhaps someday on this station you will hear that song,
Cop Killer. Thank you for calling.
You're trying to get off.
That's correct. Thank you.
When I'm around, when I'm around, this bus leaves me...
Food is splendid.
It will pass.
Ten percent said they used it daily.
There's a bank parking lot across the street,
plus there's, uh, parking that end, the Holiday Inn.
Don't you want to be part of that expansion?
Don't stop! Don't stop!
Stop!
Well, it could be your job in life.
I guess so.

Because food is still there.
Ugh, I'm shopping for that.






Aha!
麻 following function.


pouvez falar...
Why?
Itís I who heat the pizza are,
my你好 great physique is,
and pra sucker that woke up.
Place de dança del planes.
Iếu you luv colourat,
ðæ é umuluni'?
I hate Claudia Lange.
Hater.
You smoked faster, Williams.
Robert Williams is a bizarre painter.
He's painted himself blue, like his mailbox.
He's dancing.
That's a euphemism for dancing.
A mailbox with a number on it, too.
Oh, stop cooing like a dove, my dove.
And come close to my bosom.
I mean, bring your bosom closer to me.
And sit here on this swingy step while we have some landamage.
Hello?
Yes, landamage filled with L.S. potatoes.
Drink it, drink it down.
Ha, ha, ha.
Drink it.
I'm sorry.
Hello?
Hello?
I have a recipe for you.
Oh, I recipe.
What do you have a recipe?
Yeah.
What is it?
You take a recipe for pitted chicken breast.
Pitted chicken breast?
Yes.
And how do you prepare this delightful deluxe sheet?
Take chicken breast.
Open up.
Ha, ha, ha.
You take pitted olive.
Pour it down the hatch there.
And you stick them under your armpit there.
And you get some duct tape.
And tape them in real good and nice there.
That sounds very, very not, well, let's not say salivary as you have savory,
but probably Granger-like.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Exactly.
It's kind of like what a chicken eats when it needs things in its throat to confuse its food.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
I see because you can't really digest the food if the chicken digests itself in your stomach for you.
Exactly.
But how do you pass the duct tape?
So then, so then you take a dispatch of duct tape real good there.
Yes.
Yes.
And then assuming you have ovens, preheat it 400.
Okay.
Assuming you not have oven.
You walk in oven.
You walk in oven.
And stay in there for three hours.
And then you're coming out and chicken done.
Bon appetit.
Well, what a delightful and yet stupid recipe because why would anyone want to stay in a
400-pound dung heap for three hours without one of those little digestive devices we all
have to wear?
And it sometimes looks like duct tape, but it's still a hernia device.
So always, always, always, always, always, always, always, always, always, always, always,
always, please.
Remember, this thing is dangerous.
It's not something you flip on like a girdle or something that you put on like a taxonomic
dessert that you'd kind of wish to fry on your friends.
You've been unseemly in your behavior.
No, no, friends.
These new duct tape corsets are fireproof.
They're osculoresistant.
And they also cause cerebral hemorrhaging.
I'm sorry.
Just, just a little bit.



I had to make that doubly, doubly clear.
And the creator is the one who created you.
Next.
Tra la la, Thrandiere.
I push my pants away.
And while I'm standing there, pull down my underwear.
Tra la la, Thrandiere.
All right, in you go.
I just stand here this way.
Now I wear underwear.
So I go straight in there.
And brains.
But it's impossible.
Yeah, that's right.
Because I should switch to my better copy of what comes up next there.
But first, before that, I should tell you what you heard.
Just then, there was a whole little radio here.
Whoa.
There's a golden devil.
Jeez.
I'm sorry, friends.
I was really surprised.
We've got this.
I didn't mean to lose myself.
I didn't mean to hurt myself that way.
I honestly didn't.
But some of these things are unbelievable.
Whoa.
They are very real.
They are very real.
And they're very frightening.
And I'm sorry.
That just really threw me.
You think it's easy coming in here and doing these radio shows.
You think, oh, yeah, these guys get paid a lot.
They just come right in here and they can cuss all day.
They're like Howard Stern.
Hey, get away with murder.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
But it's true.
It's true.







It's like the end creates a wonder around them.
Yeah.

ItUp Protect Cool.
Now, yourqui, a lake that's everywhere.



Oh, and the up 다�Ь And you start bringing your flip, and you
get it on the floor.
Oh, and I think this is even better for you afterwards.
Just say, gonna use this.
Go over here.
Should I raise my foot to tens the〜

Great, man.
I'm going to show you a little bit of practicalść▼
I'll give you a little bit of info.
So you decide that you're interveneant.
Obviously, okay.
I control my family

Well, you can probably imagine.
The recipe, we're so glad to be able to give you a recipe for the pitted chicken.
That was the Brain Rot East Coast or East Lake show on WCSB.
Loathsome Cowboy Dave and Scabbly Chaz Daves.
All three of them on that show.
And before that was a bit of a ZXQ radio show, Alabama Neptune's show.
And a little Brain Rot.
Before that was some media barrages from Brain Rot West.
That's right.
And Michael Taylor Duke, don't you see.
But let's go.
I'm sorry.
It's getting just a little bit too surrealistic.
We like to have a linear hour of slack show.
We really do.
And I've got 20 more minutes and there's.
Sure, why not?
I'll go for it.
I'll start into.
This is a nonfiction and really a scientific section.
I better shut that machine back there off because it's going to make me cuss again.
If I.
See, how do I handle that for the out of town shows?
You know, I have to cut the cussing out that I involuntarily did.
And yet here I am referring back to it again.
You see, I'll either have to put another sound effect in here, some little piece anyway.
OK, OK, that's quit acting like regular preachers.
This is a subgenius preaching here from Revelation X, the Bob Apocryphon, Chapter 11B, actually.
The.
Fall of Mutantis.
Because how was it, dear friends, that we, the lowly subgenii, came to fall so far from that Yeti state of glory, that heaven that was Mutantis?
And it was because the Yeti made millions of terrible mistakes.
They called these mistakes.
Humans.
The human is far worse than a mere DNA backfire.
Evolved randomly over millions of years.
Everything that makes the human the spiteful, murdering, self-deluding barbarian that it is was carefully installed by peace-loving, well-meaning Yeti.
The following is based on material dredged up from Bob's past life regressions under hypnosis.
These ancestral memories come to him in non-chronological bits and pieces.
Our monks spent many years piecing together his trance statements to reconstruct these most critical events in Yeti history.
80 million years ago, the close thing to a soul-bearing primate was the monkeyish, rat-like Primo Anthropocus.
And so this was the raw material which the Yeti fed to the Yeti.



They were able to spin this wibble up into the coconut shell and then…
…shed into their evolution accelerators.
If ever any creature deserved to be a lab animal, it was Primo Anthropocus.
These filthy, perverted, semi-rodent scavengers — when not devouring garbage and stealing the eggs of the great reptiles — senselessly fought and bedevilled each other.
They were the ideal omnivores for the experiments.
hardy and tenacious, they could survive anywhere like roaches. These, the Yeti
bred step by step into human pinks. The initial attempt produced blank-faced
slack-jawed apish pre-humans, more or less like Australopithecus, whose only
defense against predators was their unbearable odor. Their weak souls had a
tendency to detach and wander away shortly after birth, and worse, they were
almost too stupid to copulate. The thick-headed beasts practically had to
be shown how. Their attention spans were so weak that half the offspring they did
manage to whelp were abandoned or eaten. With such low imaginations and libidos,
they wouldn't procreate fast enough to fill the Yeti's soul quota. The Yeti
scientists were posed a challenge. They were forced to leave the Yeti's home.
The challenge? To somehow make the humanoids enjoy coitus, and even to pair
bond, so that parents might tolerate their broods until they reached
childbearing age. The bodies required redesigning so that, no matter how they
happened to bump into each other, the creatures would still be able to stumble
upon suitable positions and figure out what went where. The pelvises were
swiveled, uprightness increased.
It was found that the degree of roundness and baldness on the rumps of the females directly
correlated with male sexual interest. It was theorized that the doltish males would
be twice as likely to breed if inspired by a second set of globular sex triggers. The
Yeti decided to duplicate these large hind appurtenances on the fronts of the females,
by enlarging the lactating area. The yeti's body was then placed in a cage, and the female's
skin PC.
Soft and flexible buttock fetish equally epitomized the female's
homеромallity. The Hay attractions 채ting the female, which was
but еще most subtle in the wild are actually feminine femj гол**s слова
.aE16
humans a favor to drape them with even more large lactating glands. They tried many combinations,
hanging two in the front and three in the back, one on either side of the head, rows
of eight, four on each side. Some humans, they completely surrounded with huge colorful
cushions for the tuberosities of the ischium, with openings everywhere. But yet, the yetis
found, making it all so easy lowered the anguish content of the livestock's souls. If the
souls weren't well-fatted on pain, there was no self-awareness and the soul essence went
flat. The exists had no use for flat souls. To increase the pain level, the yeti found
ways to make the humans both desperately eager to breed, yet foolish enough to come to the

fore. These exists caused themselves endless hardships in the process. They amped up the
neural connectors between the desire gland and that section of the brain which lights
up during sexual excitation. Chromosomes were tweaked, enlarging the desire gland to twice
normal size. Most of the logic centers of the brain had to be removed to make room for
it. The tiny pleasure receptors were dilated into such gaping catheters that the brain only
could achieve aikke chance when touched. Daetz were rundled together at meet As Dcheck
der trials, representing able
to take a willing look into heart control. Monsieur David Gr journal.'s yaมา妴
nikatta.
circulating, the sex-hurt energy would snap back and forth spastically between head and
groin. Whenever the little brain between the legs was charged up, the head brain was at
its most vulnerable and suggestible, rendering their minds laughably malleable. By modifying
the reward secretion distributor's trigger configurations, the Yeti discovered they could
make other things besides hairless spherical appendages tickle the male human desire gland.
Instead of restricting inborn raw need only to unfulfillable breed lust, it could also
be sublimated into devotion to some chore or even some mere symbol of a reward. After
blanking the whole reward lobe and scouring it smooth for re-examination, the Yeti was

able to
make a new life.
Yeti owners could load their human slaves with directives, false memories, new instincts,
and… where's the rest of my page? Boy, where's page two of the Holy Gospel of the
Yeti? I don't believe it. Friends, I guess you won't get to find out just what happened.
To make the Yeti's life more enjoyable, you need to make a new life. To make the Yeti's

life more enjoyable, you need to function eating what Dios would like.
were designed, the flaws in those designs, dear friends,
and how the great empire of the Yeti, Mutantis itself,
came to fall and the humans to escape.
Yes, to escape.
Was then the conspiracy an accident, dear friends?
I think not.
But no more so than, say, the KPFA radio show in Berkeley
with puzzling evidence and Dr. Howell.
As Moe Factor is punched up.
Who are we and why are we here?
No, of your information, who are we?
Who are you?
Little bits of nothingness?
Who are you?
Hmm, that's a good start.
Well, let's look at it in a linear fashion.
As if the show is a line,
then it could be a line without end in a circle,
or it could be that the line has one end
with a circle without end in a circle.
One end with us at it, and another end with you at it.
So when the show travels from point A to point B,
then you receive it and you send it back to us,
back to point A.
Customer service punch-up.
Describe it as A, B, A.
Yeah, this is Dr. Here's, the serious business candidate.
Let's just go to...
Yeah.
Are you guys going to be...
Thanks for speaking with me this morning.
Yeah, that's what we do.
Okay, now the other caller is talking to you there.
Sorry.
Well, I think the main issue is character now.
Why do we let characters like this on the air?
That's not what we talk about, character.
Okay, now we're at the caller debate.
Now, can you answer that question, caller?
Let me ask the caller, random subgenius.
All right, let's see if Frank Bant wants to know
about the question of character.
Does the audience have a question about the subgenius?
Is there another subgenius caller still there?
I don't know.
Bob Liz.
Oh, I think the caller just...
Oh, there he is.
I think he just fell off the edge of the podium there.
He's walking around.
Increase the magnification.
Do you feel you're better off now than you were 10 years ago
with the subgenius?
Can I answer that?
Most definitely, because there...
There is...


Issues are being exposed here,
and finally we're dealing with everything.
Well, you know, it did happen on our watch.
I'm not taking all the credit for it, but...
I'm ready to point the fingers and put the screws...
Put that finger away.
...down to where they...
The screw holes where they belong here.
Hey, keep it clean, fella.
But I feel if you know the problems inside out,
then eventually you can solve them.
If you didn't deny them, then sure,
you're going to ignore them and...
No, there's one little thing here
we're neglecting to acknowledge.
Gentlemen, gentlemen, please.
Our time is running short.
As far as I'm concerned,
I'm sure...
You had a good thing going there at one point
way back then, but...
Then there was this unfortunate episode
where he got a visit from the Secret Service.
Do you remember that fella?
Oh, the Mustafa?
Yeah, right.
And they wanted to know, you know,
he just accidentally said a few clumsy things in the book,
and now they were down on his tail,
and he was having to give them subscriptions
and explanations and everything, you know, and...
Well, your family's threatened.
Yeah, well, that's just the thing, though, you know.
Like, I can't shake this image.
I see him sitting there with his hands in his hands,
just a-knocking, thinking to himself,
well, maybe this was just a joke religion after all, yeah.
Fellow, you worry too much over matters that concern you not.
Leave gourmandizing,
know you not the greatest life you could be than for other men?
Huh? What happened?
Uh, the eternal silence of infinite space.
Millions and millions of miles long
are big and wide around the clock.
And there's the impression of going down the wire.
For the first time,
scientists have been able to directly view,
a human brain,
human thought processes,
tracing the complex patterns of electrical and chemical reactions
to small clusters of brain cells.
Gauss or something?
What's that?
A cow?
A gauss-y.
Gow?
Gauss.
Gauss.
Oh, degaussing the magnetic minds.
Yes, I have to do it every day before I get out of bed.
Oh, God.
Means you're getting old.
Oh, my God, you guys are too funny.
Oh, well, I don't.
I was born that way.
That's why degaussing is so funny.
It's something you just have to do.
Oh, I know, yeah.
Those like Gauss, my uncle has gone through it many times.
We just crack up.
I just, you know, say it's like this.
Right.
I just remember by thinking, you know, the gaseous stuff, you know,
and we know, I know what he's talking about,
but he knows, like, the guy that invented it and all that.
Gaseous mineral vegetable animal.
I know.
As we wander through life.
It hurts.
As we wander through life.
Because we have to keep those bits of antimatter.
We have to keep those bits of antimatter.


Walled off.
Kept and captivated in a magnetic bottle.
And I'm wondering now, do you guys actually tell a comic story during this?
Our lives are a passion or a comic story.
Okay, so you don't tell anything out of a book or anything?
A book.
I mean, are you?
The only book that we, you know, it's the book of the subgenius.
We're not allowed to plug it on the air because this is listener-censored radio,
but there is indeed a book.
A book.
No, you're speaking.
A book.
You can read out of each chapter.
Every chapter is better than the one before.
Okay, so it's just the chapters of life.
Yeah, now, we're not actually reading out of it, but there is such a book.
Well, the book is within your head.
Yes.
Oh, there was a little sample of it right there.
That's some of the static between my ears.
Oh, exactly.
All our dialogue, to answer your question, is ad libitum et ex cathedra.
Okay, so some of these dilemmas maybe that you're talking about could be somebody's reality
that they're going through at the time?
Yeah, yeah.
Okay.
It's an interwoven, sort of like one of those hair club for men things.
Yes, I'm not only a show customer, I'm also a victim.
It could be real, but it could be imitation.
That's what you're trying to present me.
Well, an imitation only in the sense that all of existence is an imitation of some eternal form
which exists without number or purpose in the infinite darkness of outer space.
It doesn't matter what time of the day or night this is.
This can happen at any time.
What happened?
Did you have a mishap?
Did you see a monster?
Here, let me get my paper out here.
Now, let's go over that again.
You say you saw some sort of monster?
Monsters?
Oh, I don't know.
Why don't we say something about monsters?
Don't you know that science has definitely proved there are no monsters?
This is the 20th century.
We've put a man on the moon.
All right.
Now, the human mind's a funny thing.
It plays strange tricks.
I'm sure you thought you saw what you said you thought you saw.
Oh, no, no.
I know about the illusion.
I know about the illusion.
Beware of the false fires leading you deeper and deeper into the swamps.
The dancing lights of deception.
Yeah, but the dancing chihuahuas I worry about.
Oh, I see.
I know.
The chihuahuas are deceptive.
Last year we had them at the show and they made a mess.
Just before, we had the flamenco people that came out right after them.
How are they supposed to dance with feathers everywhere?
Those pink lawn plastic flamenco people.
You can use those as an aid to create your little whirlybird type of maneuvers.
Or we can just take the seeds of the, whatchamacallit,
shaped like little propellers that come a-spinning down.
They're hallucinogenic, too.
Yeah.
I beg your pardon?
That come a-spinning down.
They come a-spinning down.
A banisteriopsis something-eye.
They come a-spinning down.
Yes, indeed.
Oh, darling.
And so do you, after you brew a tea made of these little things and drink it.
Woo-wee.
Woo-wee.
In short, we need not follow the foolish fires of novelty for its own sake.
Let's go adventuring.
Okay.
Are you guys the thrill-seekers?
You bet.
You can call us that.
Oh, yeah.
When you see us on the road checking out a crank call at some weird early hour of the morning,
we're in our fully-equipped Land Rover.
Oh.
We've got every convenience of modern science.
Hey, open up the pool, Hal.
It's dawn.
Well, it's kind of cold, but I'll just reel the plastic cover back off,
slow down a little bit, and we'll take a dip.
Right on.
It's blast off or submerged at any point.
That's right.
The flying tub.
A miracle of modern science.
Well, that's pretty much what my car is, and it's just a 1985 Crown Victoria station wagon.
Oh.
And Dr. Howell drives listeners insane.
Ah, yes.
Listeners to his show, his puzzling evidence show there in lowly and heartless.
Humble Berkeley.
God save those poor men living in that place.
That awful place.
And you're listening to the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack.
The compendium and compilation of all the greatest subgenius tapes and all that kind of stuff
from the church of the subgenius.
And I'm going to give you a number to write to that self-same church,
so that you may glean for yourself information about the books, tapes,
and all the marvelous things that you can't know about until then.
And that number to write, just write to, just address it to Bob, friends.
That way, that's how we know they come from radio listeners.
Just address it to Bob at post office box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
That's.
P.O.
Box 14306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
And even though we're late getting our book out and our magazine, of course,
always takes two years in between, yet we continue to crank out this show featuring
such artists and articles as this fellow coming right up, the great John Martles.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
