In the next 13 or 14 minutes, something good, good, good is coming your way.
So don't leave this radio station. Let's have a good time together.
He's all I need. He's all I need. Ah, yeah.
Hi, my name is Bob, and I approve this message.
Bob's budging bullfighting. Bob's budging bullfighting. Bob's budging bullfighting. Bob's budging...
Things get too tough. Head for the safety of the self-genius, our own self.
Bob having a party? Well, I can't go. I'm very, uh, busy.
Well, wait, Bob didn't invite you?
No, but thanks for the heads up. I'll be sure to avoid them.
But I'm sure they're having a party. I saw them bring a keg and a lot of chairs into the house.
Well, you don't know that they're having a party.
Bob's out of work. The two of them might be starting some weird old church.
The kind of church where you, uh...
No, sirree, Bob.
Bob. Bob. Bob.
I live in downtown L.A. with my boyfriend, Bobby.
I live in downtown L.A. with my boyfriend, Bobby.
I live in downtown L.A. with my boyfriend, Bobby.
I live in downtown L.A. with my boyfriend...
boyfriend she got up and followed him into the game room and pretty soon they
were playing pinball with Bob and getting really
oh yeah
sounds very important it is Mr. President what is it Bob I was wondering if you had that package
ready for me to take home over the weekend oh yeah the musical tapes yeah Bob and I are very
big fans of
you
all right let's just assume the killer is repeating whisper yes I have Bob calling
I'll have to call you back what tell Bob I'll call him back
the agent and Mr. Dobbs part four submitted by Reverend Teeters Laverge
Bob drove if one could even call it driving
for he never once had his hands on the wheel he appeared to steer with his knees but mostly with
another part of his anatomy that seemed to have a literal mind of its own at least according to
Connie Bob never looked out the windshield the whole time he was behind the wheel he had his
head sticking out the driver's side window nostrils flared to an incredible degree and his tongue
hanging out like a dog's
I'm not sure if that's true or not but I'm sure that's true I'm sure that's true I'm sure that's
true he keptソーع and he and a unwittingly



I myself had my foot pushed hard on the floor against a non-existent footbreak and my hands
clenched on the door handle Bob was constantly looking around and up into the night skies he said he was looking for them and p-sniffing he actually pronounced it p-sniffing around for the skunk ape a version he told me of the Himalayan Yeti
he
He said there were lots of them around this part of Florida, that they were friendly, but also that they had glands that contained a powerful aphrodisiac.
So either way, if you run into one, you are lucky.
It was not long until he slammed on the brakes and we skidded off into a ditch.
Bob bounded out of the car and started to run into a swampy area to the west.
I followed out of stupidity, for the bramble and the vines growing in the swamp cut up my legs bad.
I still had no trousers.
I should mention that Bob did not actually run.
He leaped and bounded more like a gazelle.
Quite graceful.
When I finally caught up with him, he was rolling around in a large patch of trampled down cane that certainly looked like the bedding of a great ape-like creature.
The smell was sick.
It was sickening, but it did have a strange allure to it.
Bob was in ecstasy as he rolled around in the stinking muck.
Must be in heat, he exclaimed as he got up.
Oddly, his clothing had not one speck of dirt or mud on it.
When I mentioned that, he just giggled and for the first time acknowledged that I was wearing no trousers, saying,
We'd have to remedy that.
Once we were back in the car, Bob let out a sigh that sounded like a big sigh.







He sounded almost sad.
Skunk ape is one hot to trot yeti, he whispered something in a language to himself as he played pocket pool in his pants.
Well now, son, off to get you some trousers.
We had not driven far, maybe a mile to the edge of a small run-down town full of white trash, as they say in the South.
Bob's nostrils started to flare again as he p-sniffed about in the air and chuckled to himself.
We'd pulled off onto the side of the road next to a ramshackle house that was more down than up.
The incongruity was not lost on me, at least.
Bob, dressed to the T with his battleship-sized Cadillac, compared to this hovel we were now at.
However, Bob showed no sign of noticing. He simply knocked on the door.
Soon, a much degraded man of indeterminate age answered.
Bob, without introductions, offered to sell this man a haircut.
In exchange for the incredibly filthy overalls he was wearing.
The degenerate hillbilly agreed to the deal without haggling.
In fact, I would say that he seemed ecstatic. He seemed to swoon.
The haircut Bob gave him was perfect.
He even styled it exactly like his own, using hair gel from a tube he had in his jacket pocket.
Telling the man that, now, he emphasized, things are going to change for the better.
Though I don't know why he did that.
I did see Bob absentmindedly place one hand on a rickety wooden shelf and grabbed what looked like a government check.
While with the other, he regally handed the man a five-cent plastic comb, grinning as if he'd just done him a favor.
I don't think Mr. Dobbs is a thief, per se, nor a kleptomaniac.
He may simply not have control over himself and his desires in the same way that we normal people do.
For myself, I'm glad that I did not have to do that.
I have a mirror to see myself so shamefully dressed.
The standard jacket, tie, white shirt, wingtip shoes, and the filthiest, smelliest pair of overalls that could be imagined.
Bob took an uncomfortably close pwiff of me and nodded his approval.
Hmm, now you smell useful.
Again, I must emphasize that this man is, by nature, uncanny and powerful.
He is a force.
To be either feared or harnessed, if that is even possible, and I doubt that it is.
I have a gut feeling that we may find it advantageous to adapt ourselves to him.
With Bob driving well over 80 miles an hour, we made it to the Cape Canaveral area fast.
By this time, I'd given up worrying and decided to follow whatever path Mr. Dobbs might drag me along.
For it occurred to me that, so far through all the experiences I'd been through,
I'd suffered little, permanent physical damage.
Mental damage, on the other hand, was possibly extreme, maybe.
I say maybe, because I think I was beginning to understand this incredible man and his wisdom,
if one can even say that Mr. Dobbs can be understood.
At least with our stunted minds.
Instead of the expected whorehouse, we drove to a large, modern factory
that was at least inside of Cape Canaveral. Bob said that it was one of his disembodiment stations
and that he had to go number three. I assumed that he meant he needed to defecate but was
drunk and misspoke. The factory, Bob told me, made a substance called dumbass putty. The substance
they produced worked in the same way as the child's play thing silly putty but was an utter
failure, Bob told me, because of the extreme toxicity of the materials used but I also assumed
because of its name. Mr. Dobbs did not lament the ongoing failure. In fact, he shrugged it off saying
something about a few less pinks, possible good mutations, and a huge tax write-off. This man is
sinister.
This man may be our only hope. I shall explain why later in the report.
For a toy factory, it had better security than I had seen even at our base X. Not only were there
20-foot concrete walls topped with embedded glass and razor wire, there were guard posts every five
feet or so, so that the guards could pass notes and pipes back and forth. Even Bob was ID'd,
at the entrance, which was more like the heavy gates that lead into a castle than anything.
He even had a moat around it with what looked like alligators. They, I eventually learned,
turned out to be alligator people, the cast-offs from one of Bob Coe's genetic enhancement
laboratories. This factory was like none I had ever seen. Sure, there were huge machines pushing
out some putty-like substance into large vats that, oddly, had stenciled on them, but they were not.

They were just the words, Tuna Surprise. And come to think of it, the food canning part of the
factory had machines with the same title stenciled on them. However, I was shocked when Bob led me
into a room the size of an aircraft carrier that was filled with the most advanced computers I had
ever seen. There were hundreds, if not thousands, of Nancy Reagan-y Davis lookalikes pushing punch
cards into the slots. Bob and I walked through the canning room, and Bob and I were in the room, and

I saw Bob, and I saw Bob. He was a little bit more of a cavernous affair, me with my mouth agape and Bob
with his typical grin. That is, until he slapped one of the Nancy Reagan women on the behind.
His hand bounced back, wrapped around his midsection as if it were made of rubber, and smacked him on
the back of the head. He glared at the woman and coughed as a key then shot out of his mouth.
He rubbed the back of his head as he picked it up, telling me,
Number 807 is a feisty one.
I thought I'd lost this key. It was the same key he used to unlock his office door. This time,
his office, in contrast to the other one I saw, was well-appointed and typical for a powerful
executive. Bob sat himself down behind a large desk and gathered up huge, neatly piled stacks
of paper. He then very deliberately laid them on the floor in two piles. One pile he dove into and
rolled around in vigorously.
When he got up, he smoothed his suit, breathing heavily. He told me that those particular contracts would be signed.
They, whoever they were, could no longer refuse them. Then he got on all fours and snuffled around the other pile like a hound dog.
Using his tongue, he pulled out a few sheets, undid the zipper on his pants, lifted a leg, and urinated on them.
These were the ones he told me that he had just signed.
Sure enough, as if an invisible ink were revealed, the name J.R. Bob Dobbs, Esquire,
slowly appeared on the papers, albeit in thick, childlike handwriting. Bob, exhausted, then laid
down to take a nap, but first making sure that he had securely locked me into the room. I could not
be sure at first if he were exactly asleep, for he lay down with his arms to his side, stiff as a board,
like a carpet.
I was sure he was trying to fool me somehow. It wasn't until he started passing gas like a snorer would snore that I took the opportunity to search the room.
The papers, I dared not touch the befouled ones, were standard contracts, though some seemed to speak of deals for human flesh, human souls, and unimaginably vast amounts of money.
His desk, however, was filled with cottages.
I was sure it was urine, for each one was labeled P.E., with a date and the initials J.R., and a little note, like, good vintage, a little salty, though, removes A souls, bad day, and so on.
One drawer was entirely filled with money clips. The one below it was filled with severed and
unremarkable pieces of paper. I was sure it was urine, for each one was labeled P.E., with a date and the initials J.R., and a little note, like, good vintage, a little salty, though, removes A souls, bad day, and so on.
I was sure it was urine, for each one was labeled P.E., with a date and the initials J.R., and a little note, like, good vintage, a little salty, though, removes A souls, bad day, and so on.
Not with greed, but an animal-like lust, his ever-present grin wider, bigger, scarier than ever.
He pinned me there. His breath smelled like a mix between fresh paint and garlic.
His breathing was heavy, frightening.
He took one hand down and slipped the money clip from my limp fingers, saying,
This is mine. I gave the haircut.
This was the first time that I was truly afraid of what Mr. Dobbs might do to me.
Even though he grinned, his lifeless eyes, or maybe eyes too full of life, spoke of some abyss, of something that I could never understand.
He then brought his pipe-filled lips next to my ear.
The sizzling of the tobacco in it sounded like bacon, but smelled like some used diaper that had been forgotten in a defunct rubber factory.
The vomit rose in my throat.
He whispered, telling me to look in the forbidden drawer.
Having no idea what drawer that would be, I pulled a drawer out of a file cabinet adjacent to myself.
My hand rummaged around in it while my eyes were fixed to his.
I pulled out a stack of papers and pulled them close to me.
Every sheet had a few typewritten lines on them.
I tried to focus on them.
To my relief, they were all bad, very bad, one-liner jokes that you hear at cheap burlesque houses.
Bob glared.
He glared at me, his grin becoming sinister, or should I say more sinister.
Yet, I must admit, his gaze was hypnotizing.
This was the first time I dared look so deeply into his eyes.
Relief only came when he loosened his grip, chuckled, and said, if I remember correctly,
Seen my secret stash? Head didn't explode. Passed the test.
I leaned more relaxed against the wall.
I was sweating profusely.
Bob rhythmically nodded his head as if to some tune that only he could hear.
Now ye shallest gazest uponest the timelessest ofest the mostest gruesomestest of horrors.
Again, he tried and failed to sound biblical.
Yet, now I wondered that if truly the ancients in the good book did not speak with an affected drawl.
This Bob was ungrateful.
Obviously not of our realm as we know it.
Or he may just simply be semi-retarded and very, very lucky.
He ushered me into a room filled with junk that he called Bull Dada.
I assume, what with all the Bobco pills that he'd been popping, that he meant Dada art.
Seriously, it was junk.
Odd balls of carefully wound, used, and dirty string.
A newspaper and magazine clippings.
A series of male models.
But oddly, they all looked like Bob.
Poorly painted monster movie plastic models.
And greenish stone figurines of strange looking sea creatures.
Mr. Dobbs put his hand on my shoulder and gestured wildly with his other hand as if I should appreciate some great treasure of art.
I still don't understand his pride with that room of junk, nor what I should greatly fearest about it all.
It's still a mystery to me.
It was apparently time to go, for Bob, after wiping a tear from his eye, said,
I must attend to bidness, as he guided me down a long fluorescent lit hallway.
It was then that I noticed, in my sobriety, that he seemed to be floating a fraction of an inch off the ground.
That would explain the lack of dirt that ever sullied his person.
But it may also explain his luck.
I think he is too stupid to recognize his own mortality, let alone the fact that he's walking and that gravity matters.
So that just like the leader of that Russian pre-Soviet spiritual movement, Bulatavism, Bob just breezes through the act of living.
Never worrying or contemplating his next or any next movement.
Because he may be too mentally retarded to even understand it in the basic way that rules apply.
We came to a door that had the words, janitor place, crudely painted on it.
I sighed, thinking it was just another of Bob's ruses to get me alone, again.
However, when he opened the door, I was nearly blinded by the bright lights.
It was no janitor closet.
It opened to a huge research center that would put our efforts to great shame.
There were hundreds of men, women and things in white lab coats, all scratching away at chalkboards, squinting over slide rules, arguing, generally looking like brilliant scientists.
I have little understanding of zero gravity physics, but from what I saw of our quick walkthrough, these people and things were onto something big.
Bob seemed very unimpressed.
In fact, he pushed me along saying, I really, really need to go number three.
We made it to a sealed doorway.
Bob pushed aside a few feeble grays as he inserted his head inside a vertical toilet looking device.
He groaned with pleasure as he turned the pages of a cheap monster movie magazine with his toes.
I repeat, I do not know what he did with his head in that toilet.
I do not know what he did with his head in that device.
But I do know that he said, taking a number three is better than pesex.
Mr. Dobbs seemed much relieved after taking this number three.
He had more of his trademark relaxed self about him.
He even gave me back the money clip without the diamonds and cash and patted me on the shoulder like a benevolent father.
The clip did contain a piece of paper that in his childish scrawl said,
I owe you stuff.
This incredible factory seemed to have no end.
We wandered for miles it would seem with Bob either admiring his image that shone from his highly polished shoes
or flipping a quarter that always landed on its edge which he seemed a little ticked off about.
Bob nonchalantly opened a regular looking steel door that led into a huge playground like room filled with primates.
These were no ordinary primates.
They all wore lab coats, business suits, party dresses.
Some even dressed like Harlem Hepcat pimps.
All these primates were most definitely busy at work of all sorts.
Equations were being written on blackboards.
Martinis were being deftly made by the females of the group.
The business ones were hunched, brows knotted with stress over little desks, scribbling away with fountain pens.
However,
every once in a while they would all drop their stumpy trousers, defecate and throw the feces at one another shrieking high pitched screams.
Bob said that he liked to come here to relax especially after doing a number three.
They know exactly what they do.
Bob made a gesture all too real with sound effects of defecating and throwing feces.
I likes it he declared.
His grin got wider as he too jumped up and down like the primates mimicking their movements and voices.
He bounded around the large room amongst them in essence becoming one of them.
And yes he did defecate and throw his feces around.
But, but it made sense.
And friends that has been part four of
The Agent and Mr. Dobbs.
Written by an unnamed agent and submitted to us by Reverend Teeters LaBerge.
It goes up to part seven I believe and then another novel starts The Agent Goes to Dobbstown.
And we'll be reading from that later.
The music in the background is
from the Kenneth Anger underground film Lucifer Rising.
It's just a coincidence kids.
We might make deals with the devil but we don't believe in him.
Friends this show will like last show be partly composed of subgenius classic pieces.
From our old media barrage tapes and some new collages by the large and possibly others.
And some excerpts from Puzzling Evidence show from KPFA Berkeley with Dr. Howell and Puzzling Evidence and the large calling in I think in most cases.
We'll also be hearing some of the rare rare Firesign Theatre material.
From their second and maybe third radio show from 1970.
Which all of which shows incredible pieces of work.
The inspiration for most subgenius radio.
This can be found on a book and DVD set.
The DVD has MP3s of dozens of their well all of their shows.
Their years of firecrackers.
And their Firesign Theatre weekly shows just amazing.
The book and collection is called Duke of Madness Motors.
You can go to FiresignTheatre.com or SealandRecords.com.
That's where Negative Land.
That's actually Negative Lands company.
And thanks to Reverend Taylor Jessen.
Who presented us with that.
Who did the research actually and got put the whole the whole thing together.
I guess some thanks to the four or five crazy guys.
And praise Bob.
And now this.
I understand them.
They don't understand me.
They are the normals.
They're all that I'm not.
But I'm a subgenius.
A whole different species.
If I had my way they all would be shot.
For when I was young.
The pigs ruled the world.
Now all that has changed.
Cause Bob's flag's unfurled.
I spit on normals.
Cause I hate their guts.
I am a subgenius.
I am a subgenius.
They like their jobs.
For all the wrong reasons.
They wear me down.
With their false holler smiles.
But my kind triumphed.
And now we will kill them.
Dead normal bodies.
For mile after mile.
For when I was young.
The normals held sway.
Now all that has changed.
Cause Bob has his day.
My shoe will soon kick a hole in their butts.
I am a subgenius.
I am a subgenius.
I am a subgenius.
I am not bitter.
For all they did to me.
They're only humans.
They're deaf, mute, and blind.
But I am a subgenius.
And I have a duty.
The utter destruction.
Of all humankind.
For when I was young.
The pinks ruled the world.
Now all that has changed.
Cause Bob's flag's unfurled.
Soon I will grind their face in the dust.
I am a subgenius.
I am a subgenius.
Thank you.
Oh mighty grid.
Give us the filth.
To have strength.
And patience.
In the face of that.
Which cannot be changed.
And to change that.
Which we must.
And to recognize the difference.
Between the two.
Here Tonto.
Have one of these cigarettes.
They'll make your mind go all funny.
Hail Boggs.
May he live in Denver.
How about we go to F. Scott Firesign's corner.
And discuss great movie screenwriting.
Oh sure.
F. Scott Firesign every week at this time.
I saw one of the films too.
You did?
What'd you see?
Solar Time.
Well here's just one I saw.
We just found Millie's body in the slough.
She's been murdered.
Where'd you get that mud on your shoes?
Maybe it is.
Maybe it isn't.
Yes it could be.
But it ain't going to.
You're wanted downstairs.
In the library.
A police matter.
The horrible way his face is twined.
Twisted.
As if he was paralyzed with fright.
I've been expecting something like this to happen.
Carry this atomizer with you always.
It will remind you of my power over you.
Here's some from a Danny Kaye movie too.
This is good.
I often bunk with Dr. Feeny during electrical storms.
Oh Mozart.
I've got a copy like this with a radio in it.
A prairie fire of orgiastic events.
Look at that little guy.
He almost stepped on my hand.
People like that, well, dust just piles up on their hearts.
They'll spot you like a lead dime.
I thought you'd look like the rest of these squats.
Squats, right.
But we're not dealing with an ordinary criminal.
Now if you just step outside I'll explain the rest of my plan.
Okay, okay, Inspector.
It's your show.
I want a pit dug here.
What?
I think we're playing a long shot, but I think it'll work.
Yeah.
We want to trap him in that pit.
If it's human, impossible.
I want you to keep an eye out for that mummy.
Mummy!
Oh man.
How about a few drinks at the Chinese room?
I'll get to the bottom of this if I never see the back of my neck.
We'll turn this palace upside down and deal with ducks as well.
What?
Well, that's from the great Munchausen.
Yeah.
We'll turn this palace upside down and deal with ducks as well.
We'll turn this palace upside down and deal with ducks as well!
Bawtown girl, she's been living in her
Bawtown girl, she's been living in her Bawtown girl.
I bet she never had a thought from her time.
Thoughts from her time.
Thoughts from her time.
Thoughts from her time.
I'm going to give these credits as fast as I possibly can.
Bob Town Girl just then was done by The Large.
Before that, we heard some of the Fireside Theater and Reverend Onan Kenabai performing his song,
I Am a Subgenius, that was recorded live at some ex-day of the past.
And now, puzzling evidence.
How come I'm not like that?
Yeah, what?
What?
Nothing.
Okay.
I was just looking out your window here and there don't seem to be any transvestites within the view.
I bet there's.
There's a tree.
The dew is back?
The view is back, yeah.
Oh, and the dew.
And the morning dew.
Yeah, the mountain dew.
One day rode high and the mules were gone.
Where's Philo?
Right here.
Oh.
Flower and tree.
Okay, you're Philo.
Go ahead, call her.
You're Philo.
Mary Day.
No, not you, Mike.
There.
Okay, that guy's Philo.
Yeah, he's kind of like a scratchy Philo.
But for sure, he's Philo.
What is going on there?
He's a fake English Philo.
Wow, he's English.
He's Igrish.
Mine says Igrish.
Speak English, Philo.
What?
Do Philo.
I mean, like.
Yeah, do Philo the right way.
Don't.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Too many buttons here, I think.
Yeah, that's Philo.
He's singing.
It's not the buttons, the elevator operator.
Oh, this is the part of the show, the last three or so minutes where we talk about Philo.
Yes, we're talking about the last temptation of Philo.
Oh, I couldn't watch the end of that movie, man.
Too intense?
Yeah, too intense.
With his giant overman head in the sun, that part, just carrying the UFO over the explosion at the end of the movie.
It was inspiring, though.
Inspirational.
Yes, I'm really into this music.
Where can I get the CD?
Oh, he wants the CD.
He wants the CDs, the CDOs.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.







Digital tapes, maybe?
Digital tapes?
There you go.
Now you're talking.
The virtual tapes?
Virtual California.
See, I got kicked off the air for talking about Philo.
In this dead, new day, I had dreaded eyes like smokey.
In his great TZ chair, the jet dives like smoking.
Piss your money away.
There won't be no rainy day.
If I will sell you all the sun, he's unlike with your old old one.
But he ain't no man.
He ain't no God.
I don't want to walk the path I've tried.
He ain't no man.
He ain't no God.
I don't want to walk the path I've tried.
At his desk in Dallas, dread dives like smoking.
Behind his mirrored windows, dread dives like smoking.
He ain't no man.


He ain't no God.
He ain't no God.
It ain't no joke.
aliment позволment


Just lift your sirrens, you babBC, whichever way you want to.
you know what you t影 der
But it ain't no man
It ain't no god
I don't want to walk the path I've tried.
But it ain't no man
He ain't no God.
I don't want to walk the path of trust.
Yeah, so? So what?
So, well, gee, I don't know. I thought...
What kind?
Well, I don't know. I went down there and looked, you know, and I've examined all the...
What kind are you going to give me?
Well, I've examined all the models very carefully and compared the books and the...
Yeah.
The Road and Track magazine article in July. You remember? We went over that. Both of us went over that in great detail.
What kind of a car are you going to give me?
Daddy.
I was thinking about...
Pops.
A Boss 302.
It's corny.
You know, like...
I don't like it.
I don't like it.
It's got chrome.
I don't want...
Boss 302.
What kind of a car?
Let me hear a bunch of them.
Well, there's...
I want to have a choice.
There's the...
How about the Cutlass Supreme?
Well, it's square.
It's sort of, you know, 1930s movies.
Errol Flynn. It's got a lot of dash, a lot of verve.
Yeah, who needs a dash, man? I just want...
Well, you've got to have a dash in the front of the car.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
Delta 88.
It's got a nice 1948 sound about it.
Delta sounds sort of, you know, south, south.
South of the Delta.
Down south.
I don't dig it, no.
No.
Ah, let me see now.
There's the Duster and the Hornet.
That reminds me of the Depression.
And the Rebel.
You keep telling me about it.
The Ambassador.
The Ambassador.
Rebel has a nice ring to it, but I'm afraid...
No, I don't think Rebel would be good.
Javelin.
Javelin.
Javelin's got a sports image.
Ah, who needs it?
How about a computer image?
AMX.
Ah, come on, Pop.
AMX.
AMX.
AMX.
Wow, man.
Charger.
Chargers come in three kinds.
Three kinds of chargers.
Three kinds of really grand chargers.
The Daytona Charger.
No.
The 500 Charger.
No.
Something like the Eliminator Appeals.
The Eliminator.
The Eliminator.
Let me see if I got that.
I got...
Why don't you get him a Humbler?
A Humbler.
That's what he needs.
A little Humbling.
Doris, lay off this.
A little Humbling.
What about a Swinger?
A Swinger.
No, I'd rather have...
The Chrysler has a Swinger.
I'd rather have a Red Melba or a Wealthy or a White Astrakhan or a Holland or a Yellow
Transparent or a Beverly Hills.
There's been a lot of interest lately.
And mysticism.
And mysticism, too.
And mysticism, too, right?
And mysticism outside, owing to the weather.
It's been a tremendous occult revival in this country.
You haven't heard about it because it's very occult.
Occult to us.
And I have an article here by Alistair Crowley, which is called...
I heard of Alistair Crowley.
Wonderful.
Wonderful.
Alistair Crowley.
What was the name of the dancer who...
Isadora Duncan, right?
Isadora Duncan once met Alistair Crowley in a small cafe in Saint-Tropez, and she put
her hand out to be kissed, and he bit her.
Right?
And she was in the hospital for a month with blood poisoning because he filed down his
two front teeth to two points.
She said, Enchanté, and he bit her.
Well, he didn't have a dog.
That's right.
Enchanté.
Delicious.
Delicious.
Right.
Ginsberg.
Bon Appetit.
Martha Graham.
Both cable cleared of dead jumpers.
You're normally such a slacker.
It's the first time you've heard of them.
Are all four of you guys in here?
Is Phil in there?
He just...
Yeah, yeah.
Can we...
Do it with four?
Yeah, all four.
Okay.
What are we doing?
How do we...
This is...
This is...
Oh, yeah.
They'll do the comedy.
How about this is Phil, Phil, Pete, and Dave of the Firesign Theater.
Okay.
This is Phil.
Phil.
Let's take it again.
Oh, Pete and Dave.
Okay, there we go.
Yeah.
All right.
You over here?
You just shut up.
This is Phil.
Phil.
Pete.
And Dave of the Firesign Theater.
And we're listening to...
The Hour.
The Hour of Slack.
Hack, hack, hack, hack, hack.
Because we're subgeniuses.
And we're slacking off.
Bomb is a football.
Bomb is a basketball.
Basketball.
Bob is a rugby ball.
And Bob is a golf ball.
There's a fella down in Texas.
They say his name is Bob.
He tells me I should slap God.
I should quit my job.
Well, I should quit my job.
Well, I'm a subgenius.
And I must have my slack.
If I don't live forever.
I get my money back.
They said that on July 5th of 1998.
The earth would meet destruction.
Wow.
You see.
Anyone can championship against me.
But when things end up fighting for myself.
I don't got you involved.













































Obama.
If I don't live forever, I get my money back.
Poor Stang was made to suffer a terrible disgrace.
Of such humiliation, he feared to show his face.
Now Bob may be laughing because we are such chumps.
But there is no reason to be down in the dumps.
It'll all still happen, no need to curse or frown.
They got all the right numbers.
Just got them upside down.
Well, I'm a subgenius.
And I must tell my slack.
If I don't live forever, I get my money back.
Nen-slo did that.
There's a feller down in Texas.
I believe that was recorded at one of the very few good Portland divivals.
Maybe even Seattle.
It was one of the rare good ones.
Before that, the song Bob is a rock is by our old, old, old friend, Glass Madness.
The Fire Science Theater was heard before that from their collection, Duke of Madness Motor.
And it was a great song.



and Dread Dobbs, the reggae song was by Lost Souls Incorporated of Dallas
many, many a year ago.
And now, back, thanks to the large, to puzzling evidence.
Go.
Okay, go, go, go. It's the aqueduct, actually.
Go and do likewise. Oh, the aqueduct is so useful.
They always, in the old days, when we were kids, they always had the picture of the aqueduct in the dictionary.
That's true.
So you know it's important.
Well, in your high school Latin book, there was a picture of an aqueduct on every other page.
It looked like.
Yeah, exactly.
And some old runes.
Yes, and now you have to translate the,
Sailors saw the slave girls in the plain.
Okay, he's translating now.
Oh, and there are new,
Oh, he's translating now.
vocabulary words also that you have to pick up at the end of the hour.
Okay, we'll add those.
And then this should all be figured out by Ask Dr. Hal at 10 o'clock tonight.
Here we go.
Radio Valencia, where we'll all be meeting again on the computer.
Britannia est insula.
Oh.
Italia, pine insula est.
Wow, I'm going to have to take this home and work on it.
Okay.
Can't quite get the hang of it.
It sounds almost familiar, but it's mighty tough.
It might be radioactive, like just about everything else on the planet, man.
Well, it's that radiation exposure is cumulative.
I don't remember what you're talking about.
It's gasly mutants and giant insects.
So I get to go back to my book about the shooting of Moscone and milk.
Really? Is that where you are now?
Well, I'm actually reading the Lawrence Heroes.
So, too good for Abraham Lincoln these days, eh?
I had to pick it up because it's about this, the lesser known,
the connection between the two.
Between Margot St. James and Mayor Moscone.
Well, tell me this.
Margot being my cousin, and so she had explained it.
That's why she left town.
But Moscone was shot.
She moved to France for a while.
She left town because Dianne Feinstein made it so uncomfortable for her
and her other people in the Victoria Woodhull Foundation.
More than that, a mysterious fire destroyed the foundation's headquarters.
That's right.
That's right.
And now we're getting dicey in that prison.
Not only that, isn't it true, as long as we're discussing this,
that a maniac named Jesus Christ Satan grabbed her and threw her down the stairs,
causing her to be injured?
Yes.
Things were getting strange in the old days.
But years later, she came back.
Well, she lives in Washington.
She came back to marry another cousin, Paul Avery.
Remain close.
And they lived together quite happily.
And then when he died in 2000,
she was brought to her native state of Washington.
And this guy thinks he's doing show on the show.
Yes, that's right.
Well, let's do some.
We only have seconds to go here.
Still life.
After all.
Before the next one comes and wipes away the horrible memory of this bro.
Case closed.
Oh, come on.
I left my GPS in my home.
Really?
So we can't follow you right now?
Oh, I think I'm...
You missed that old system.
Remember, we used to be able to do look down on the listeners' houses.
That's true.
We have the snooper scope and all sorts of high-tech devices,
which have simply gotten a little bit out of order.
Is that GPS thing?
It takes a specialist to fix this stuff.
I don't begin to be able to understand how it works.
These doohickeys and contraptions are more confusing than a maze.
Oh, what?
Oh, it seems to be starting.
It's starting on its own.
It's a movie starting, man.
Come on.
It's an artificial intelligence.
It's an intelligent system.
All this and rutabaga stew.
A warm, heartwarming tale of a large Quaker family engulfed in a volcano, an earthquake,
and a mix-up that'll keep you laughing for hours.
All in Technicolor VistaVision.
VistaVision.
VistaVision.
VistaVision.
VistaVision.



CinemaScope.
Regascope.
Dynamation.
And Dynorama.
The new miracle of the screen.
You'll thrill to sights never seen before.
And hear the wonderful songs.
Sung by thousands of chorus girls.
Oh, he's gonna pop.
He missed it.
Better pump some air to that boy.
Let's get out of here before he finds out we did that.
All right, I'm going to get in the front row and...
We'll be right back.
I'm sick, but I'm well again.
It's not dark like it was.
The lights are coming.
It's coming like the boyhood days that crept into the windows of the old house.
You've been dreaming, Ruff.
The fever ain't out in your head yet.
Dreaming?
Twant, twant all dreams.
Take it easy.
It's a light coming, Part.
I see them all playing.
There's the old man looking white and awful just as he looked the morning he drove me from home.
That woman behind him stretching out her arms after me.
She's the best mother in the world.
Don't you see them, Part?
You're flighty, Ruff.
It's all dark.
Except the pine knot flickering in the air.
The lights are coming.
Brighter and brighter.
Look.
Look, it's beaming over the range.
Bright and gentle like the smile that used to be over me when my head laid in my mother's lap long ago.
Come on, now.
Here's a little brandy, Ruff.
Oh, no.
There.
I've seen it, though my eyes are dim.
Somehow.
Here, Ruff.
Never, Part.
That stuff spiled the best years of my life.
It shan't spile my dreams of them.
Ah, such dreams, Part.
They take me to the old home again.
I see the White House.
Among the trees.
I smell the breath of the apples of blossom.
And hear the birds a-singing and the bees a-humming.
The old plow songs echoing over the little valley.
I see the river winding through the millers and sycamores.
The dear old hills all around.
Pining up to heaven like the spires of Big Newton House.
There's old Rockwood called the Tea Table.
Climb up on it and play happy boy again.
Oh, if I'd only stayed there, Part.
That's dope.
That's rock.
That's rock.
You thaw me all out talking to that.
Makes me womanish.
That's it, Part.
Womanish.
We kept our hearts froze so long we wanted all this winter.
Yeah, yeah.
But the summer comes back with all the lights from over the range.
Yeah, yeah.
Look at me, Part.
How bright it is, Part.
Look, look.
Let me put my arm around you.
Hold your tie.
How it floods the cabin to the nuts and cobwebs are plainer than day.
Something's wrong, Ruff.
It's all dark.
Except only the pine knot up there in the chimney.
No, it's all right, Part.
Yeah.
The lights come over the range.
Yeah.
What, Part?
I can see better than ever I could.
Yeah.
I can see the moisture in your eyes, Part.
I've got a bit of moisture.
You see the crooked path I've come running clean back to my mother's knee.
Mother's knee, that's it.
I wasn't always called Ruff.
Somebody used to kiss and call me her boy.
My boy.
Nobody you'll ever know.
I've kept it to the end.
Kept what?
Whatever that means.
Get your hands out of your pants.
I've wanted to ax you, mate.
So I think I'll do it.
The end of day.
Letting once in a while and internalizing.



left wheel.


That means we run producers.




ㄷㄷurchuizing
Morsi Kitchen and...
Ah, yes, dear friends, that little instrumental there was by Reverend Sodi
from his collection, Music for Imaginary Monster Movies.
Before that, the end of the day was from Fireside Theater Radio Hour, hour number one.
You are listening to the Hour of Slack from the Church of the Subgenius,
subgenius.com, post office box 181417, Cleveland Heights, Ohio, 44118.
And now, our oldest old friend, G. Gordon.
Thank you.
Are we then to understand that when Bob says we must learn to pull the wool over our own eyes,
that he is merely abetting an insidious form of self-delusion?
Is he saying that we shouldn't even look for the truth?
Is Bob saying, like Heisenberg did 40-odd years ago,
that we can never know what the hell is really going on?
I think not.
Bob, however, is cognizant of the fact that besides the shabby little lies we feed ourselves
from day to day as we struggle to cope with technoboredom,
we're all being force-fed a gross pablum of our truths,
sensationalized statistics and downright propaganda
by a vast monolithic network operated by and for the conspiracy.
Through such deception, the conspiracy is daily cheating us all out of our life essence,
our money, our health, and most important of all, our slack.
That's right, our slack.
They draw it off like vampires in the night.
They are pulling the wool over our eyes, constantly.
Bob is saying if we must be lied to and cheated for reasons,
let us do it to ourselves for our own reasons.
Let us realize where the real deceit lies.
Let us have a choice in how we're being screwed.
Some ways are fun.
For many of us, there is no physical escape from there.
There is no hope of it until the exorcists come and the followers of Yahweh one prevail.
But until that day, the power and wisdom of Bob can help us break their mind control
by activating that mutant gland that we all have within us.
This allows us to control our own reality,
gives us the clarity of perspective to be able to sit back and look at it all,
and I mean all, and simply say fuck them if they can't take a joke.
Then and only then we'll slow down and we'll be able to see the truth.

And that's when the black begins to drop gently like a soothing dew into our tortured lives.
After all, it should be every person's choice to curse God and die if that is what they wish.
We all have the right to spit in the eye of the collective gods, did we not create them?
Where indeed would Yahweh own be without the human race to torment and pester?
I'll put it to you, the old chiseler would be pretty damn bored with it all
if there was nothing more entertaining than cherubims and seraphims and numby-pumby flaming angels
sitting around up there on down there,

damp clouds and arcing and trumpeting all 24 hours a bloody day,
and you can bank on that.
Why should we be any different to that?
Why shouldn't our lives be more entertaining and more real
than any glowing three-coloured phosphor image on the television screen?
Why shouldn't we grab reality by the throat and shake it until it does what we want it to,
until once again we find slack?
Just as the primitive fire walkers of Ceylon can deny a reality in which fire burns,
and thus paths unscathed across white-hot stones,
so can the subgenius deny the existence of a world without slack
and cast out the false prophets and the paintboys.
All it requires is faith.
Faith in Bob and faith in ourselves.
Are we not the dreamers of the dream,
and is all that is within that dream not ourselves?
Life is no more than a brief illusion,
a flickering real-time movie in the theatre of our minds,
and if you don't like the dream,
and don't like the way your movie is going,
perhaps you better ask yourself why not.
After all, it is your movie,
and despite what anyone else may have told you,
you are the director as well as the protagonist.
Ah, yes, yes, yes, so beautiful from G. Gordon Gordon.
And we'll now leave you with this very ear-hurting collage
by Outmouth.
Praise Bob.
Welcome to Costco. I love you.
Let's goooo!
Amigos, the best chicken is Kentucky.
The best chicken.
Give, give, give, give me.
Ay, dos mio.
Give, give, give, give me.
Amigos!
Where's that camera, y'all?
He gonna fuck that little dog.
.
Saga, saga, do I love to stab your demise?
The 유 conGS

.
Oh, God.
God damn it.
And I heard, as it were, the noise of thunder.
One of the four beasts saying
Olé, olé, olé, olé
Olé, olé
Olé, olé, olé, olé
Olé, olé
Olé, olé, olé, olé
God damn it
Slop
Slop
Slop
Slop
Slop
Slop
Slop
Slop
Slop
Slop
Slop
Slop
Slop
Slop
Slop

Slop
Slop
Slop

Slop
Slop
Slop


Slop
Slop
Slop
Slop
Slop
Slop
Slop
Slop
Slop
Slop
Slop
Move to the moon, move to the moon, move to the moon, very good.
Keep it up.
Get those moves to the moon, move to the moon, jazz hands.
Move to the moon, jazz hands.
Move to the moon, move to the moon, move to the moon, jazz hands.
That's real good, and now we're going to start over again.
Right, left, forward, back, ready?
