The hour of snuff.
Snuff from the church of the...
The church of the...
Jesus.com
And...
And...
Or...
Dot.com
The air rays of...
Dobbs.
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Good idea, Dobbs.
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Good idea, Dobbs.
Good idea, Dobbs.
Good idea, Dobbs.
Good idea, Dobbs.
Good idea, Dobbs.
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Good idea, Dobbs.
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Good idea.
Good idea.
We were just listening to Evolution Control Committee live at 17X Day.
In fact, all of tonight's show was recorded by Reverend Suds Pasha or myself or both
on location at the Wisteria Campground in Southern Ohio.
For instance, this amazing rant by Reverend Baby Bear.
I am a tempest.
I am a swirling mass of chaos and confusion.
I will change my mind on a whim and I will always be in motion.
I am a cloudless, starry night.
A picture of stillness and order.
I am a grace and serenity.
I am a body that you have never known.
I am an uberfem.
I am a melancholy.
A cancerous spreading sadness.
I will crawl inside your heart and rot it from the inside out.
I am a brightness.
A shimmering, radiant joy.
That warms and swells as it passes over you.
I am a rested, contented sigh.
I am an uberfem.
I am a raging bull.
I am a furious, storm-weathered harpy.
I am a seething little ball of hate.
I am a softness.
A continuous, flowing curve that rolls off the tongue and swims around in your mind.
I am an uberfem.
I don't conform to your petty pink notions about what a woman should or shouldn't be.
Because I'm not one.
I am an uberfem.
I don't need your permission to act or your permission to speak.
And I certainly don't need your permission to scream from the rafters and the rooftops.
In pleasure or in anger.
In pain or hate.
Why not both?
It doesn't matter if I am shapely or shapeless.
Inside me is a shape without a name.
A fluid, ambiguous flux that demands reverence or fear.
But always awe.
I'm an uberfem.
I have a sweetness that makes you lick your lips.
I have a glowing ball of light that you want to keep you warm.
I have a universe inside me.
And I can see you reaching for it.
I'm an uberfem.
And you want me.
I'm an uberfem.
I am whole and simple.
I can see you with my eyes...
I am holy, the whole I know.
Cerys is now is...
Cerys is not spinning.
I'm an errand boy, I can guess and see.




abbreviate or clone it.
I just wanted to give you a clap.
When you think of something really special...
a cold, or...


I want the happily ever after.
don't need this stupid impact but maybe put it you know.
I want a well built house back in your home,
hope this information was useful to you...
and don't even think of the każdy scheduled dreams Yoo!
There will be a day when all the pink boys pay.
They'll scream and burn with nowhere left to run.
But I won't be around, cause I'm headed out of town to outer space.
And a saucer built for one.
Yeah, my saucer built for one.
Aim that sucker towards the sun.
Light the fuse and then I'm on my way.
And I'll realize my dreams as I hear the pink boys scream.
And agony and terror come next day.
Now a saucer built for one sure sounds like lots of fun.
Till you realize that there's no one there to screw.
And I get bored with my hand, so I ripped up all my plans.
Cause I'm working on a saucer built for two.
Yeah, and my saucer built for two.
You know just what we'll do, each other, as we make our way through space.
And in our rear view mirror we'll see nothing but fear.
As the X's and O's.
As we see this ravaged earth come next day.
Now a saucer built for two got a cozy seat for you.
And another one on this side just for me.
But when I'm between your thighs, I need someone else to drive.
So now I'm working on a saucer built for three.
Yeah, and my saucer built for three.
Yeah, you and her and me.
We'll all take turns and we'll all get to play.
And they'll know it's no joke when the pinks go up in smoke.
And agony and terror come next day.
Now a saucer built for three might seem quite enough for me.
But I for one need just a little more.
So I went back to the shop, I put that fucker up on blocks.
And now I'm working on a saucer built for four.
Yeah, and my saucer built for four.
Oh, no one's getting bored.
There's always someone else for getting laid.
And I thank my lucky stars as we cruise right past Mars.
That we escaped the carnage of extinction.
And I'm just a little bit more than happy today.
Now a saucer built for four.
I shouldn't ask for more.
What the hell, why else am I alive?
Besides I need a break every six hours, give or take.
So now I'm working on a saucer built for five.
Yeah, and my saucer built for five.
From now till we arrive, we'll fucking suck with luck in every way.
Yeah, and my saucer built for five.

And each time we get laid, the memories
will fade of what the Earth was like before x day.
Now a saucer built for five.
Three to shag and one to drive.
But it turns out that the ladies want more dicks.
So I'm getting out of bed, and I'm
getting right back to my shed.
Now I'm working on a saucer built for six.
Yeah, and my saucer built for six might learn me some new tricks
as we go tearing across the Milky Way.
Yeah.
Yeah.

We drink about every single bink that fried right where they stood come x day.
Now a saucer built for six, so much cock and ass and tits.
No one ever got so close to heaven.
But at the risk of sounding rude, we might need one for food.
So now I'm working on a saucer built for seven.
And my saucer built for seven.
We got room for Cat and Kevin and five more Yeti freaks who knew to pay.
30 some odd bucks to buy.
And they finally quit that job.
And that wave of corporate layoffs come x day.
Now a saucer built for seven, it only
takes a second to turn around and find yourself a date.
But the place is going to be a mess.
Need some cleaning help, I guess.
So now I'm working on a saucer built for eight.
And my saucer built for eight, no one has to masturbate.
Little help here is all you got to say.
And then some pretty Yeti mugs.
And my Yeti mouth is happy to go south.
After all, that's what we practiced 4x day.
Now a saucer built for eight, I'm sure that just sounds great.
But I'm starting now to recognize a trend.
I'd build it out for nine, and then I'd change my mind.
So fuck it, I'm skipping right on ahead to 10.
And my saucer built for 10, a mobile pleasure den,
a hedonistic hoedown on its way.
To that sexy slack-filled place, a way up there in space
that they promised would be ready come X day.
Now a saucer built for 10, you might think that that's the end.
But I hate to let down my subgenius brethren.
So I've put an extra door as I put some beanbags on the floor.
Now I'm proud to say my saucers seem to fit.



11 in my saucer for 11 hey my saucer for 11 my libido won't be heaven in fact I might become
a better lay cuz I learned from the best and I'll practice on the rest as we all make each other
come next day how a saucer for 11 oh my this place is getting to be one where it's hard to
hear yourself over all the grunts and bones so I installed new headphones that'll be perfect on my
saucer built for 12 and my saucer built for 12 will all escape that hell the earth will become
or so they say half the hands will grab an ass the other half will raise the glass to those
liberating excess of x day now saucer built for 12 oh dear above the smell and the furniture all
has a stinkin' smell and the furniture all has a stinkin' smell and the furniture all has a stinkin'
sheen but if that ain't quite enough well I hate to say but tough I ain't working on a saucer for 13
all right yes my saucer built for 12 will suit us all real well as
and saucer built for 12 will suit us all real well with whips and chains and liquor and poker yay
and no one's getting
off
well everyone's getting off and no we'll never stop
unless we come across that comet hell bop I'd like to have a word of those heavens gate people
maybe get me some some sneakers until we reach our new home come next day
23
69
8 o 8
59
All right thank you so much I am Andrew the Impaled
and it was indeed Andrew the Impaled from Pittsburgh
you can look him up you can google him and friends as you might guess
the internet download version of the
Internet Download version of the THOMAS Todos!
this show sounds very, very different.
What with being completely uncensored.
And for our broadcast listeners who don't know this,
you can download pretty much every episode,
most of the 1,476 episodes of The Hour of Slack
from subgenius.com.
If you find the radio button near the top of the page.
Although this show won't be on for another week
because we're actually ahead.
Anyway, friends, yes, it was a wonderful 17X day
aside from, well, the obvious.
We're still here.
But we got some great recordings.
We really did.
And they'll last a while.
For now, we'll listen to,
one of many parables written by Reverend Richard Scull
as read by Priestess Pisces.
One day, J.R. Bob Dobbs was walking his sales route
when he came upon an old man building a large ship in his yard.
Say there, fellow, said Bob.
What's all the commotion about?
I'm preparing for the end times, said the old man.
I just read on Flat World News.
I read daily that the evil Jews and liberals
are going to take over the world and put us all in camps.
So I'm going to sit here and put my family in Salem off to safety.
Bob just looked up and stared.
He noticed the old man had a Star of David on his house.
And he said,
Excuse me, I think you're Jewish.
The old man stopped hammering nails and thought to himself for a second.
Say, I am.
Damn.
I'm going to build another boat to escape for myself.
Say, fellow, you're pretty sharp.
My name's Noah.
What's yours?
Dobbs.
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
That's my name.
Well, Dobbs, J.R. Bob Dobbs, thanks for pointing out the fact I'm Jewish.
I might have ended up stuck in the middle of an ocean surrounded by a bunch of Jews,
but what am I going to do with this boat?
Bob just looked at Noah.
And in his mind's eye, the old man turned into a giant all-day lollipop
with the word sucker.
And he said,
Well, on my sails route, there's a dance club where lots of men hang out.
I bet those guys would just love to take an ocean cruise
so they can get away from those prying eyes and relax.
Well, I don't know.
You know, a bunch of old men hanging out together sounds like they can get grumpy
like them local tea party meetings.
Bob just smiled and said,
Don't worry.
They're all gay.
And he said,




Well, well, if these men are gay, then that must mean they're going to have a swell time
singing and dancing and doing all sorts of gay and happy things.
Good idea, Dobbs, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Of course it is, said Bob.
And I will sell those very gay men berths on your boat.
There's about 500 men in that club, and at about 50 shekels a man,
that works out to about three shekels for you.
Oh, joy, I'm going to get three shekels and spend a month with 500 men.
500 gay guys.
Wait, I only have 250 bucks on the boat.
Oh, I don't think that'll be a problem, said Bob as he laughed to himself.
And so that's how Noah became the swingiest cat on the seven seas,
and never again were the neighborhood sheeps molested.
The end.
Hey, fat chick, you got it coming to you.
Hey, fat chick, you got it coming to you.
Hey, fat chick, you got it coming to you.
When I was young, I joined the circus.
I came up with freaks, it's true.
But while I saw the nation, I only dreamed of kissing you.
I sang to lovely rubber men and fire-breathing bikes.
We didn't have no Facebook, so you could not count the likes.
I got when I ate them light bulbs, oh, and I bounded that spike
through my tongue and through my heart,
because there's no brakes upon these bikes.
Hey, fat chick, you got it coming to you.
Hey, fat chick, you got it coming to you.
Hey, fat chick, you got it coming to you.
Well, we left from San Francisco all the way to Brooklyn town.
It's amazing how far you travel on the powers of a clown.
Lost some in Minneapolis, gained some more in New Orleans.
But me, I hail from Pittsburgh, each should own it what that means.
We got lots of freaks and drag queens and burlesquers by the score.
But our jazzmen, they are righteous, they helped to fight this war.
They helped to fight this war.
They helped to fight this war.
I idolize function.
You still not Mrs.
Yet?
I don't yet?
I'm in town and nobody
gives me quid for money.

and she's got freaks.
Her poems cut with fierceness
that we ain't seen since the beat.
She's large and she is lovely,
so don't forget to stare.
She's left you all be wondering
if you can find one life for there.
Hey, hey, fat chick,
you had it coming.
Hey, fat chick,
you had it coming.
Hey, fat chick,
you had it coming to you.
Hey, hey, fat chick,
you had it coming to you.
Hey, hey, fat chick,
you had it coming to you.
Hey, hey, fat chick,
you had it coming to you.
Ooh.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
I told you we got some good recordings.
That was Fat Man D,
Reverend.
And Fat Man D at 17X Day.
Her name is spelled P-H-A-T,
Fat, P-H-A-T,
and Man D is spelled M-A-N-D-E-E
for your Googling purposes.
In a few minutes,
we'll play another wonderful song,
this one by the Mutant Mountain Boys,
of whom we finally got
a really good recording also.
But first,
this anger rant
from Priestess Pisces.
Y'all thought I was kidding
about Ferdberg, man.
All right.
Now, the whole thing is,
I know I should quit smoking.
I mean, it's unhealthy.
It's expensive.
But I can't
because I'm angry.
Like, always angry.
Like, Hulk angry.
Like, Scorch,
Earth, nuclear annihilation angry.
And when I'm angry,
I have to smoke
to focus my mind,
to channel the anger
into something
that doesn't involve me
going on a fucking rampage
and starting my own
personal X-Day.
But not the fun part.
Not the saucers
and sex goddesses part.
No, no.
The laser beams,
the burning flesh,
the killing everyone
part of X-Day,
which I suppose is fun
until the law gets involved.
So,
I smoke,
because I'm angry,
because I'm always angry.
A fellow Yeti,
a good friend of mine,
suggested that I should
chill out and smoke frop.
If I was to smoke frop
every time I was angry,
I would be a worthless,
drooling pile of shuddering shit.
So, I smoke cigarettes instead.
I've also been told
that I should, you know,
drink beer to chill out,
but I don't.
If I was to drink enough beer
to even quench the fire
of rage in me,
my liver would jump out
of my abdominal cavity,
screaming,
fuck you,
before it took off
running down the street.
Of course,
there are some folk here
who suggest I should meditate.
They say I need to reconnect
with the universe,
and that the issue of my anger
is the fact that I've lost
my connection to the cosmos.
You know what, folks?
The last fucking thing
I want to be connected to
is this universe,
because this universe
is full of fucktards and asshats,
and they're the reason
I'm angry in the first place.
Well, let's get some down here, then.
If I wasn't angry all the time, though,
I would probably find myself
downright depressed.
No more than that,
I think I'd despair.
Because I don't know if you've noticed,
this planet's so small,
it sucks.
Have you actually observed
the world we live in?
The sociopaths,
the liars,
the arrogant drunks,
the willfully ignorant,
the stubbornly in denial,
the pill-popping hypochondriacs,
the bigots,
the trigger-happy pigs,
the dividers,
the manipulators,
the insiders,
the privileged whiners,
and the hypocrites?
I'd say, you know,
there's something out there
for just about everybody
to be pissed off about.
Man, I stay pissed off.
I'm not.
But I hear you out there,
I hear you say,
but Pisces,
you don't usually seem so angry.
Well, this is true.
Some folks wield their rage
like a baseball bat
with nails hammered through it
and wrapped around it
with barbed wire.
Some folks pop off
like a summer storm in Florida.
Some folks go whole hog,
A-bomb, take no prisoners,
screw the civilians,
burn all the bridges,
and set them alight again
just to be sure.
I'm more of a laser-precise scalpel
seeking out the very cancer
that angers me
and slowly and methodically
slicing it away bit by bit
until there is nothing left.
And I hear you, I hear you,
oh, Pisces,
you know, with the smoking
and all that anger.
Your blood pressure, Pisces,
your blood pressure, the stress.
Oh, sure, I keep hearing folks
telling me to calm down.
Don't be angry all the time.
But I gotta wonder,
maybe they're really hoping
instead of me being angry,
I'll just roll over
and take their shit.
Because, brothers and sisters,
I'm pretty sure that's just
what the conspiracy wants you to do,
to stay silent
and let them fuck you in the ass
without the courtesy
of a reach around.
So you have every right
to be angry,
and you should be angry
because they're trying to fuck you.
You gotta understand,
my anger keeps me moving.
I'd be dead and gone
if it wasn't for my anger.
Hell, I'm here today
because of my anger.
They told me I was too stupid,
too fat, too ugly.
They told me I was worthless
and horrible
and I should just fucking die.
And I'll admit,
in my darkest hours,
I considered their words.
I considered a premature exit,
but it dawned on me,
they want me to do just that.
They want me gone.
So, I figured,
if I'm so fucking repulsive,
if I make them so uncomfortable,
if I'm so horrible,
well then I'm gonna show up
every time and smile.
Because fuck the conspiracy,
fuck the uppity insiders,
I ain't going out like that.
I'm not going away
until I'm damn good and ready to.
Now I know, brothers and sisters,
some of you have had some bad times.
I know you have felt the stings of loss,
the burning pain of betrayal.
You've been spit on and shit on.
You've been at the bottom
and wondered if you should just stop
before you lose anymore.
I want you to take that pain,
that sting,
I want you to take that pain in your heart,
take that betrayal that you felt
and turn it into anger.
Yes, brothers and sisters,
you need to be angry,
but I need you to direct that anger.
I need you to focus that anger.
I need to let it drive you to create.
Use that anger to make mutant art.
Let that anger flow through your mouth
and lift up your fellow yeti.
Let that anger move you to do things.
Use that anger to be the red hot beam
that cuts and cauterizes the arteries
of the very heart
of the conspiracy.
Use that anger to slice and dice
the very souls of the normals.
Let that anger fuel your war machine
against the con.
Let that anger light a path to the saucers.
Let your anger burn the cash crop,
the pink profit,
so Bob can plant the subgenius seeds of slack
in the ashes of their defeat.
Your anger
is a gift, brothers and sisters.
Focus it and use it
and beat the conspiracy.
Can I get a praise, Bob?
Praise Bob!
Thank you very much.
lively così
ocho

con
emocional
del crypto
que
vem
e
Amen.
He told him all right.
20 years of slack and he answered me.
He answered me.
Oh, joy, alleluia.
Raise Bobby.
The rocks are bound.
Amen.
I'm set to die.
Open that bog and set me free.
In a little cland, find a clear plan.
I often screw with friends and ran.
Old time hold on, I still live so.
I'll see you in the next world.
I'll see you in the next world.
Amen.
He told him all right.
He told him all right.
He answered me.
Oh, joy, alleluia.
Raise Bobby.
The rocks are bound.
Amen.
I'm set to die.
Open that bog and set me free.
In a little cland, find a clear plan.
Oh, joy, alleluia.



I'll see you in the next world.






He's a good boy.
He lives in a village.
He's a good boy.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
He lives in a village.
Oh, Joe, hallelujah, I'm spaceship bound, amen, so did my rack, when he was up, so can he answer me, yes, he answered me.
Oh, Joe, hallelujah, I'm rapture bound, amen, sent to die, I'm a man of our own, set me free.
Oh, Joe, hallelujah, I'm spaceship bound, amen, so did my rack, when he was up, so can he answer me, yes, he answered me.
Oh, Joe, hallelujah, I'm rapture bound, amen, I sent to die, I'm a man of our own, set me free.
I sent to die, I'm a man of our own, set me free.
The Mutant Mountain Boys, dear friends, live at X-Day, and I think we may have Dave on the line.
Lovely birds in lovely caves, lovely people.
Dave!
No.
No?
Yeah.
He's the Archduke, the French flood man.
Oh, no, is it World War I all over again?
And I'm the only one that remembered on the show.
I have a friend who claims...
Are you remembered now?
I have a friend who claims his wife once asked, you mean there was a World War I?
I hate to think about that.
World War I all over again, a thousand times over, where I come from right now.
You've been World War I-ing again, Dave?
You've been down in the trenches?
Could you repeat that for me, please?
You've been down in the trenches.
I have a bad connection.
You've been in the trenches all day, Dave?
Yeah.
Wiping the spit off my bayonet, getting my little funny hat all tuned up.
It's supposed to be tuned in the key of B-flat, I think, so you have to transpose when you read the music.
But when those shells start whipping off your head, then the gas hits and stuff like that.
And some idiot tells you to charge, which is what most Americans do anyway.
Oh.
When the idiot says charge, I guess you better charge, Dave-ster.
Yeah.
I think, yeah.
Now, we haven't talked to you at any length in some time because Princess, we and I were in Wisteria even last Sunday night during show, overcoming Starwood or something like that.
Getting over Starwood.
Which?
Which, by the way, had great weather, if it doesn't bother you that the world didn't end.
Oh, and Dave, I have an anecdote I wanted to tell you about because I thought you might like this.
Oh, I love anecdotes.
Well, you know, on the way to Starwood from coming back from Cleveland, I gave a ride to one of the guests who was Jeff Magnus the Magician McBride.
Who is a real lost man.
He was a Las Vegas magician and he put on a great show, several great shows at Starwood.
But, you know, as you may guess, the CIA and magicians, stage magicians, have a lot in common.
And the CIA people especially like to know some of those stage tricks and sometimes hire magicians.
Well, our magician friend Jeff McBride told us that...
He and some other guys got to have a special time with former CIA head John McLaughlin.
I didn't know he had a head. I thought it was more like a giant foreskin coming out of his forehead.
Well, of course, there are many heads of the Hydra, but this guy used to be head of the CIA, John McLaughlin.
And he's also...
There are titular heads and titular heads.
He's also an amateur magician.


And so, that's how he...
You mean like a Crowleyian magician with a small K and a capital Z?
No, these are stage magicians, Dave.
Yes, yes, a sleight of hand.
Stage magicians, okay.
Now, the CIA head, in return for being taught some tricks, said that he would answer a secret question honestly for these magicians.
And not Jeff McBride, but I think his friend came up with a question.

And he was the one who answered the question that the head of the CIA had to answer.
Now, here's...
You mean he was that...
He was that...
You know that guy?
Whatever.
Here's the question that the magician was... decided to ask the former head of the CIA.
The question was, are there ancient astronauts?
And the CIA head, John McLaughlin, answered, not anymore.
.
Which kind of points up how dumb the question was.
By definition, if they're ancient astronauts, whether they were around or not, not anymore is a truthful answer.
What a clever fellow.
Yeah, I guess you don't get to be...
I wish I was as swift on my feet.
You don't get to be the...
That was a delightful answer for any rhetorician to try and unravel.
Who, who? That's what I said.
Well, you don't get to be head of the CIA unless you have something on the ball.
Or something on the president and all members of Congress.
For instance, George Herbert Walker Bush was the head of the CIA.
And look what jobs he and his kids got after that.
Yeah.
You know, so if you have... if you have a lot on the ball and on the other important guys, yeah, I guess you can get a lot done.
So anyway, that's the answer to the question, are there ancient astronauts?
Not anymore.
.
That's too bad.
That is brilliant.
I'd like to get a sample of that man's synapses so I could lick them with pleasure.
Well, but then you might not be a subgenius anymore if you caught some of that genius-ly disease.
No, same.
Well, frankly, Dudley, I don't prefer that kind of sanctimonious thank you and hello and goodbye.
You know, the people who are running the show, like a dog in heat, are penumbrant.
They're, you know, they're...
You know, all that other stuff.
And then...
And never mind.
What did you say about a dog in hate?
Yeah.
Dogs do...
A hateful dog.
As opposed to a dog in love.
I could blame my troubles on hateful dogs.
Dogs in love are dogs in heat, but not dogs in hate.
I guess we got that figured out.
Well, see, that's why Mexican people like draw more.
It's like, .
You know, like it's a draw type thing.
It's not syntax.
It's cadence, man.
That's what it's all about.
It's not about dogs or furniture or anything.
These things are all replaced by a higher understanding.
This is really ridiculous, man.
This planet's screwed up.
Oh, now you're blaming it on the planet.
Well, I didn't say it was the planet's fault.
I was saying the inhabitants have created a system that not only is not good, but it doesn't work.
Blame it on the ancient astronauts.
That's what I said.
Well, at least they don't exist anymore.
Not anymore.
Not that I know of.
Yeah, obviously the better question would have been, are there aliens working on Earth
today?
Today.
To which he didn't, you know...
Or how about, did ancient astronauts once exist?
He would have to answer that, and yes or no, and you could pin it in his testicles while
you danced on the desk and scream with the laying in the back with the secretary of the



of the government.
When the
gets you through the day. I think I'm quoting
the cigarette man from X-Files.
The only episode of X-Files
that I ever saw
had that notable line.
Some sweet loveburger
hippie was going, but I mean, people are
basically nice, right? They're basically okay,
right? And the cigarette man
goes, whatever gets you through the day,
I guess.
They're basically evil.
Well,
I don't know.
I have hope in my heart.
Somewhere in me
there's hope. Maybe not my heart.
Certainly not in my brain, but there's hope
somewhere. Is it springing eternal?
Well, that's why I have to...
If your hope
springs eternal for more than three hours,
consult a physician.
Use this tiny
clamp and see what Grandma has to say.
Can I have some of those
pills that make my hope spring eternal?
Doctor.
She uses
her actual cause of regional
perinatal...
and why these
different various ways
of operating swamps...
Hey, Dave, I got to be a rock star
at Starwood.
On account of the lead singer of this band
called Tawakadaya.
Tawakadaya.
Tawakadaya.
They were impatiently waiting
while I finished my rant, my sermon
at Starwood on Saturday night.
The guy apparently liked it
because as they were climaxing,
their show with this outrageous
version of
We Will, We Will Rock You.
They had me
and some other
non-notables come up on stage
and I got to sing
along with We Will, We Will Rock You
in my
voice.
We will, we will.
Something like that.
Yeah, something like that.
It was sort of like that.
He did it rhythmically and it was wonderful.
Yeah, it was my one chance to be a rock star.
And I took it.
And nothing happened.
Nothing came of it afterwards.
Oh, well.
Now, I thought I remembered the lead singer
coming up to you after your rant
and saying that that was the coolest thing
he had ever heard in his life.
No, he said it was the most amazing thing
he'd ever heard.
But that's, you know how musicians are.
Now me thinks the poor lad is a bit delusional.
Well, he had simply never heard
any subgenius preacher.
Right.
If he'd heard, say, Pope David
and Meyer back in the 80s,
that would have been the most amazing thing.
Or if he'd heard Priestess Pisces
doing that anger rant
that we just heard a minute ago.
That was the most amazing thing.
This guy only happened to see
a Starwood sermon.
And I actually turn it down
for those people, you know.
Yeah, you have to because the Wiccans
and the people with third eyes
instead of third nostrils and stuff
to be very, very feisty.
Like when it's around six o'clock in the morning
and the sun is just starting to come up
over the old campgrounds.
They're like doing the malicious tricks.
Well, they can do magic tricks.
They can make the milk go sour.
They can make the crops stop growing.
You know, witches, they can do all kinds of stuff.
Yeah, that's what I was saying.
Like speaking of goats and stuff,
if they're all the milk in the milking goats
and things like that, like it's some sort of pastoral scene
out in the wilderness that they want to create you
so they can send letters.
Emails back to whatever kind of concubine living quarters
they have back in Manhattan.
Well, what people blame on chemtrails
used to be blamed on witches.
Same difference.
Witches didn't need jet planes to foul the crops.
Yeah, they'd get on a broom and they'd fart their way into...
No, no, no.
They would put a spell on the oxen
and the oxen would...
Would control the weather.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, well, that's what we were trying to do here
in the day of tax.
The cow didn't want to cooperate.
No, I don't have much experience in animal husbandry,
but I was sure he had a third nostril
and I could not find it.
Dave, we're going to play an angry rant
that's not by a Wiccan,
but it's by a subgenius.
It's about five minutes long
and it's got a lot of cussing in it,
which only the internet listeners will hear.
It's got a lot of cussed words.
Yeah, cussed words.
This is coming up is Andrew the Impaled.
I'm going to pot you down
so that you can't breathe over it,
but I hope you'll be able to hear it
for five minutes.
Oh, and Reverend Baby Bear is playing bass
on this particular piece.
If I'm on the line,
I will be able to hear it, right?
Right, I think so.
Okay.
So just try not to cough.
You know, I have an awl in my ear
all the way to my eardrum.
Right, exactly.
So just try not to cough.
Okay.
Now there's a problem.
There's a problem
with the way some subgenius
be talking to themselves.
Now this problem
is one of accuracy.
There's a lot of
a lot of bullshit
that you be saying
to yourself.
It's one of the ways
the conspiracy keeps you down.
They encourage you
to bullshit yourself.
They train you
and retrain you.
When you leave these walls,
you go back
to be retrained
to bullshit yourself
with lies
like,
I can't!
Lies like,
I am.
See, when you talk about yourself
in the present tense,
you're insinuating not only the past
and the present, but also the future.
You are casting a meta
over yourself.
Now, you can't tell me shit about the future
other than one of these fucking days,
these fucking signs are going to show up.
We interrupt our program to bring you
this important message.
Now back to our show.
So when you say,
I am.
When you say,
I can't.
You're fucking full of shit.
Don't bullshit yourself.
Don't let them,
don't let them take your own boot
and put it on your own neck
with your own bullshit.
Say, I have.
I have.
I have been
late to work.





Every fucking day this week.
Okay, that can be true.
You can't say,
I'm always late to work
because that's bullshit.
You can say,
I haven't yet found my keys.
Because when you say,
I can't find my keys,
you're full of shit
and you shut off the part of your brain
that lets you know
what your keys are.
The parts of your brain
that knows what your keys look like
and can help you see things clearly.
When you shut those parts down
with your bullshit,
they don't work for you.
And so you're standing there and saying,
oh, we gotta go.
Well, I can't go.
Why can't we go?
Because I can't find my keys.
Are these your keys?
Oh!
Oh!
Because you're fucking bullshitting yourself.
So don't,
don't bullshit yourself.
Say, I have.
I have been.
I have done.
This is my past.
Because that leaves the future open
to possibility
that could be different.
It probably won't.
I mean, you're probably still gonna fucking go late to work
because you're a fucking slack-ass motherfucker.
But,
the possibility
will be open.
I will.
Thank you, baby bear,
for encouraging me to come up here and rant.
Yes, yes, yes.
Reverend Andrew the Impaled Bear.
That was pretty slick, huh?
Yeah, that was really truly inspiring.
I think you should get, like, one of those
um, polymer wigs and stuff
and grease it up real good
and, like, have a baboon suit
and a pair of earrings
and come out and say that every day
until you make a million bucks.
You know, I have to admit,
that never would have occurred to me.
Mm.
Any of those ideas that you just advanced.
Nor I.
No, no, no, no, uh,
income based on the positive thinking aspect of it.
Listen to,
listen to it over and over again
and you'll see what he's selling.
He's selling you a system
that he's gonna try and make money off of you.
What?
No, no, no.
No, I was making money off of him.
Yeah.
Technically, I think.
But not you.
No, I meant, uh, one...
Well, the foundation.
The mighty, uh, subgenius foundation.
Incorporated.
Yeah, that's a way of explaining that platform.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Right.
It works.
It works.
That's, that's our, uh, agenda.
Right.
That's the word.
Agenda.
That's our current agenda.
I have, I was, I did, I have done, I have.
You know what we, what we didn't have, though, at X Day?
We didn't have Lone Cow Dave.
No.
Or fossilized pizza that's used to wear on your neck like an earring.
That's, well, we did have that, but we, we didn't,
we didn't have Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
We did have, uh, bands, both good and bad.
Uh, we've heard, tonight we heard Evolution Control Committee, Andrew the Impaled, Fat
Man D, Mutant Mountain Boys, 17 Fisted Tales of Bob, uh, well, actually it was just mostly
Baby Bear on bass there, I think.
But there was also another band.
She's a, she's a bassist?
There was, there was a band there, Dave, that was, they were there the year before, and
I told Pisces, man, that band, Arm, Arm Neji Front.
It was terrible.
And, uh, she goes, well, um, they're gonna play again this year.
I went, what?
Yeah, they're gonna play again this year, but you'll see, the subgeniuses will like that.
I was going, no, no, no, that can't be.
No one can, this is the, really, truly, this is like pretty much the worst band you could ever imagine.
They were local, uh, guys.
Reverend Absent was one of them.
They all lived in, uh, Athens.
That's a good name for a band which cannot, okay.
Well, the name of the band was Arm Neji Front.
They gave me a CD package, not that I wanted it exactly, but it came with a rotten corn cob and a CD and a bunch of little toys.
The toys were good.
And your heart was sold, yes.
Groovy little toys.
But that bribe didn't, didn't really work for me because they remained.
Well, what's the worst part?
The worst band you can think of, Dave.
I mean, uh, uh, present company excluded.
Um, well, I was gonna say myself, actually.
I was gonna say, uh, a performance in Columbus about 30 years ago where we, we couldn't figure out what we were doing up there somehow.
Well, that was my favorite, that was my favorite Einstein Secret Orchestra concert.
We, we actually spent valuable time.
We could have been entertaining somehow and moved objects, absurd objects from room to room like in that old S Play Wilson.
No, no.
We actually retuned pianos that couldn't be tuned.
We, uh, people booed.
Was that at a Subgenius show or was that something else?
It was a proto-Subgenius show.
Yeah, that's what, they put the sub in Subgenius.
Yeah.
Okay, well, I'm gonna play a short segment here and you'll thank me for it.
Not Arm Neji Front.
You're gonna actually play them?
I'm gonna actually play a little bit of Arm Neji Front.
Oh, no.
You can see that I wasn't kidding.
Oh, I thought the moral of the story was that they practiced and they were great this year.
Oh, well, you, here, I'm gonna just...
You just have to hear it, Dave.
...be quiet for two minutes and just listen to this.
Yucka yucka!
That sucks!
That's fucking horrible!
Sucks!
Yucka yucka!
Yucka yucka!
Yucka yucka!
Thank you.
Thank you.
Yucka yucka!
That's the worst band that's ever possibly existed.
My biggest fear is the subgeniuses will love this band more than any other.
It hurts to hear that.

















In first my ears, everything about it is wrong.
Just tell it to y'all you're sorry.
Yucca, Yucca!
Hey, we already played that.
Free Bird!
You guys suck!
I can't believe how bad that is!
Chances are...
Scandalous.
Ready?
All right, this is everybody's FM classic.
One, two, three, four, go!
Yup.
They could have been worse.
No, I don't know if it could have been worse.
I think they could have been worse because they were trying to do something interesting.
And doing it very badly.
But what if they were trying to do, like, sucky music and doing it badly?
Yeah, that's what we sounded like.
It was like people were actually stopping and starting in the middle of these elaborate parts that they had worked out really hard to sound really great.
But trying and failing to make good music, interesting music, is better than trying and failing to make...
...crummy music.
Well, I think it's some great stuff, but...
I don't know that I'm the worst kind.
Well, the funny thing was that band got the peep...got all the subgeniuses onto their feet.
Well, the ones who had feet.
I'd rather listen to that band than, uh, say, no effects.
Those that were ambulatory actually stood up on whatever those things are.
You know, their performance trick is that they drop trowel about a third of the way through the show.
Oh yeah, I forgot to mention that.
Yeah.
We have a photograph of one of the musicians who was wearing a mask.
A monster mask and almost nothing else.
Uh, taking a...a...a...a...a...a...a dump in the pulpit.
Inside the pulpit.
You could crouch...my pulpit is really huge.
It's a bull...pulp...bully pulpit.
And you can...there is room for a large guy to crouch in there.
Or usually it's a large woman when I'm preaching, but we...
It's pretty good that we have a door marked WC on the...yeah.
Yeah, there's a photograph of the...the...
Oh, and, uh, Reverend...
Well, not the first time someone's taking a dump in your pulpit.
There were people there who were so upset by this band.
Now, some of them loved it.
Reverend Susie Flusie just went crazy.
They were covering some of her favorite band songs.
Yes.
But, uh, Reverend Heathen finally got absolutely incensed.
And he went up there with a sledgehammer and beat the organ.
I mean, he literally sledgehammered the organ.
It was a baseball bat.
Oh, it was a baseball bat.
Yeah, it wasn't a sledgehammer.
It's the first time I've seen a keyboard instrument utterly destroyed in a concert since Dockstock No. 1.
What kind of organ is this?
Well, this sounds like a fib because...
An old-fashioned, not a...
A liability.
A vintage...musical instrument.
A vintage, great, big, huge...
Was destroyed.
Yes.
A vintage, large organ. There's pictures of it.
They don't make them like that anymore.
The videos did not come out very well, but there's some photographs of this great, big organ.
And then I think Reverend Cyclohexane picked up the now-detached keyboard and pretended to be rocking out with it.
Yes.
We do have a photograph of that.
Well, I think for such a noble effort, I think that's not very nice of a thing to do to somebody's antique instrument.
And who's going to pay for it?
Because I'm seriously incensed now about that.
Well, you know, at Subgenius X days, it's really kind of hard to know when something was planned to look unplanned...
Or planned to be bad, or planned to look like an accident, or whether it really was an accident or bad.
Well, that would be it then. That would be the ultimate punchline then, of course.
This is so bad that I'm coming up there and beating the blank out of the...yeah, that's it.
And if anyone wants to know more about what's going on with X Day, Church of the Subgenius, Starwood Festival, any of that, you can look at subgenius.com on the internet.
And, well, you know...
I'm going to read you a revisionist organ.
We have to go now, because it's about a minute and a half left, and there's one offensive parable by Reverend Scull left to play.
Although this was actually read by Reverend Scull.
So, Dave, I'm going to have to kiss you goodbye.
Don't, don't, don't kiss me there.
Sorry, Dave. Okay, we'll be back next week with Dave.
And...
And now, Reverend Scull. Praise God.
I forgot, I didn't print this one out, but here's another story of Bob.
One day, Bob was walking his sales route.
And as he came down the street, he saw this little girl sitting on the curb, crying.
Bob says, well, what's wrong, little girl?
The girl goes, my mom's always passed out from the drink.
She never makes me food. I am so barely hungry.
Bob goes, hmm, where's your mom now?
Oh, she's passed out on the sofa.
So Bob says, oh, on the sofa, huh?
He runs into the house, rips off his clothes, and then violates the girl's mother every way she can.
No poor orifice was saved from Bob's violation.
And then after hours, the girl walks in to see Bob putting on his pants, and her mother dripping and oozing from every poor orifice on her body.
Is that you?
The little girl asks Bob.
Oh, mister, is my mother here?
And Bob says, what, what? Oh, sure, kid, whatever.
Praise Robert's soul!
Oh, cheers!
That explains a lot to my life. Thank you.
Bob says, good idea, Dobbs. J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Oh, sire, there is no more money.
We gotta get some money!
That dirty, perky, shark-a-pack, flat and warton, fill-a-bunker, burton, perkaluma, burton, dirt and bush tonight!
Beep, beep.
Friends, we're glad you listened to this show, and we're even more glad that some listeners have donated enough to help us keep on going for another couple of months.
Not just this show, but subgenius.com and all the other channels.
And all the other archive sites.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
But if you truly love Bob and want some of that slack back to rebound to you, you should go to subgenius.com front page, or especially the radio page, or the catalog store pages, and help out financially as best you can.
Now, we know what it's like to be on the brink of total poverty, and we don't want any subgeniuses to make their own situations worse.
But some of you still have jobs.
Even five bucks makes a big difference, even if it's only once a month from enough of you.
Fifty bucks makes an even bigger difference.
All we're saying is that blowjobs could go the way of Steve Jobs if you don't pay dogs.
We also take checks and money orders to subgeniusfoundation.com.
P-O-box.
One-eighth-fifth.

Eight-one.
Four-one-seven.
Cleveland Heights, Ohio.
Four-four.
One-one-eight.
Thanks for anything you can do to help let there be slack.
We're going to do it again next year.
Thank you.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Thanks.

Thanks.
Thanks.
That's money, Bob!
Kill me!
That's money, Bob!
