Through the darkness of future pasts, the magician longs to see.
One chance out between two worlds.
Fire, walk with me.
We lived among the people.
I think you say convenience store.
We lived above it.
I mean it like it is, but it sounds.
I, too, have been touched by the devilish one.
Tattoo on the left shoulder.
But when I saw the faces of the dolls, I was changed.
I took the entire arm off.
Mine.
His name is Mike.
His name is Bob.
This is your off-camera announcer reminding you that at this very moment,
I never miss the Power of Squash show.
You like the Church of the Subgenius and stuff like that?
I do, too.
I can hardly wait.
Ba-ba-ba, ba-ba-ba, ba-ba-ba, ba-ba-ba.
And the Subgenius Power of Squash.
It's the weirdest.
It just scares me to death.
Shazam!
We're in the dressing room at the Cal Neva Lodge at the North Shore of Lake Tahoe.
I've just seen a tremendous show with one of the real pros in show business.
This is Ron Lyons, your off-camera announcer, reminding you that I was
earlier this evening.
Mr. Fontaine, you've seen Bob's
Subgenius Power.
And I was wondering what you think about the
that he plays.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
When you say Bob,
you've said a lot of things nobody else can say.
When you say Bob,
you've gone as far as you can go to get the very best.
When you say Vah, you say the word that means you like to do it all.
When you say Vah, it means you want the slack, that's number one.
When you say Vah, you tell the world you know what makes it all the way.
When you say Vah, you say you care enough to only want the king of slack.
There is no other one, there's only something less, because the king of slack is leading all the rest.
When you say Vah, you've said it all.
Why did you call me Bob?
I'm sorry if that hurts your feelings, it just seems simpler to tell them what they wanted to hear.
I'm not Bob.
I know.
We have to-
Not on this show.
I'm telling you I can-
You need a doctor for that.
Uh, oh, Rita.
Oh, Rita, you really know how to do it, right?
Ten million years of this is as far as the species has evolved?
I'm not Bob.
I know. You're something special, something different.
You do not know him.
Bob.
No, but I want to know you.
Bob.
Help us.
Help.
Help us.
In the eyes of war, we seek your aid, oh lord.
Hey.
We can do a better show this time, Posling, because the show has crutches now.
We have show crutches.
Turn in your crutches and walk in the light of the lord.
Throw your crutches away and step forth.
Clean a chosen lamb of god.
Posling, Posling.
Have you healed yet?
Posling evidence.
I had-
I came in and I tried to put my head in the water.
I tried to put my headphones on, but my hat was on, and they wouldn't go on.
And I had to pull my hat off, and then the velcro on my fingers went, got stuck to my
headphones.
Did you get your hat off?
I couldn't get my finger off my headphones.
Did you get your hat off, though?
Is your hat off now?
I got my hat off and my headphones on, but then my crutches-
So take your hat off.
Get that hat off your head, boy.
I have a-
A crutch.
A crutch.
I'm a peep.








It's like switches everywhere.
I'm a cripple.
Billy, Billy, what that?
Billy, Billy.
I'll beat you with this crutch, old lady.
Here, there's just about none of that.
All right, come on.
Hey, hey, calm down.
All right, don't worry.
I have this situation completely under control.
That's why.
Aunt Bertha.
Now, she didn't mean anything by it.
Did you, Aunt Bertha?
Did you?
Aunt Bertha, turn that off.
Aunt Bertha.
Aunt Bertha.
It's no use.
She has, well, essentially, we call it senile dementia.
Her hour is nearly up, pal.
We will move on to the next exhibit.
I mean, patience.
We don't say senile anymore.
Well, here at Brunndlewood Arms, we do.
We believe in compassion.
We believe in confronting reality.
It is part of the therapy all our patients undergo.
You see, these are the ones cast aside.
They fell by the wayside.
Because they couldn't follow the full course in success and science and reinstate.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
The Brunndlewood Institute of Therapeutic Science.
So, so, Stang broke something, that third thing?
He broke his word to the Indians.
Oh.
Jumping off the pleasure saucer?
Oh, that's it.
He broke his third leg.
I know.
Colonel Stang, in 1836, broke his word to the Indians, and because of that, there's
been a drought in Texas for 15 years.
I thought it had something to do with ghost torture or something.
Yeah, the GTOs.
Ghost torturers together.
No, only.
Ghost torture only.
Ghost torturers only.
Yeah, GTOs.
That's how you...
GTO.
Another, three, better acronym.
That's a good video game.
Ghost torture.
Now, I'm going to go to the next exhibit.

I know it's a lot of fun.
Go, ghost torture.
Go, ghost torture.
I'm looking at some dead aircraft from Canada that's been seen in the scorching Arizona
sun forever and ever and ever.
Tanda?
And they're written on the...
Forever and ever and ever.
...on the Wheelwell cover.
Are they from Tanda?
It's a bunch of nonsense.
On the Wheelwell, eh?
It's like three and four and five letter fake words.
Ask for volunteers.
Then suddenly it says, Stang sleep.
From Tanda?
Are they from Tanda?
Stang sleep.
Don't fall into Stang sleep.
Lighten my eyes.
I'll show you.
During the show, I will show you.
Lest I sleep the sleep of the night.
So, you're going to be in the show.
Will you be here for the Ask Dr. Howell live show?
If the Lord is willing.
If I can be here.
Oh, I see.
Wheeling.
By Nurse Philo.
Yes.
If Nurse Philo will wheel me there because although I can drive, I can only but hobble.
Yes.
I can either drive or hobble, but I can't walk.
You can hobble all the way back to Hobbiton.
I can hobble like nobody's business.
Well, you can play hob with everyone's business.
What happened was I was a little bit...
I outsmarted myself.
I walked out on the rocks at Capitola Beach.
Doyle.
For my health.
Crackatola?
Exercise, of course, is for your health.
Is that Crackatola?
Yeah, Crackatola Beach.
I went out there on the rocks and I saw at the farthest end, there was a broken sign
floating in the water.
Oh.
I wanted to get a photograph of it.
That's so sad.
It said, broken in half, it said, do not walk on slippery rocks.
I was about to take a picture of that sign.
I slipped on the slippery rocks.
Fell down and broke my hand.
I had a hand bone and my ankle bone and now I'm in crutches and they gave me a bunch of
these pills.
I just took one and a half of them to see what happens by the end of the show.
So if I start sounding a little bit funny by the end of the show, it's because then
Bob Bones did that.
I see.
Not the radio station, the Bone.
Now, get this.
While we were in the ER the next day, which by the way, in Los Gatos is much more pleasant
of a Wednesday than the ER in East Cleveland on a Saturday.
Listen to this guy.
I'm going to tell you what I heard last night.
Princess Wee overheard a woman being told that her husband had just died.
Oh no.
And get this.
How sad.
He died while exercising.
All right.
Exercising demons?
I've been trying to tell people for years.
The last of that stuff I'm going to do.
It'll kill you.
Was he exercising demons?
Exercising will kill you.
Not exorcising, my lad, but exercising.
Oh, okay.
It makes your muscles hurt.
Have you ever noticed that?
I've noticed I get tired when I exercise.
I prescribe to a doctor.
Whenever I exercise, I get tired.





Whenever I exercise, it makes me tired and sweaty.
You must run seven times around the seven hills of Rome and the curse will be lifted
from thee.
I notice that this liquid comes seeping out of my pores when I exercise too much.
Unclean, unclean.
And then I have to take a shower.
Shower off that sweaty, sweaty stare.
We use ultrasonic showers now.
No more water in California.
No more water.
Just step into the ultrasonic closet and the dirt fuzzes off.
I'm going to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to go to the bathroom.

All right.

This one's taking a little bit longer than it should but, uh.
This is a most exciting story so sit up close.
Our story begins on a sheep ranch in rugged, beautiful Wyoming where young David Archer
was killed by a wolf.
As our story begins, Dave is sitting in the kitchen talking to his mother who was killed
by a wolf.
Well, tomorrow's the big day of the sale.
How many of our flock is Dad going to sell?
Oh, I don't know for sure. He hasn't decided.
But he's bringing them all in from Mountain Meadow tonight.
He won't sell s***, will he?
Of course. Selling s*** would be like selling one of the family.
Swell, Mom. I'll go down and get them now.
Never saw a boy so crazy after a dumb s***.
And why don't you take a shine to scallop s***?
Because I like home-priced s*** best.
There's your answer.
This long, yellow fangs-beared, Dave raised the rifle.
The rifle roared.
I, Mom, fell dead.
Let me wash the blood off your face and your hands.
Dave, I'm afraid those cuts will leave a scar.
It doesn't hurt a bit, Mom.
Honest. Just so I fell dead.
That's all that counts with me.
Operating simultaneously from all the alpine regions of the earth,
they began to dry up the great rivers at their sources.
And venturing further along,
they spread over the field, they spread over jungle and agricultural land,
and stripped off every leaf.
Valley after valley was devastated as though by endless swarms of locusts,
so that in whole countries there was not a green blade left.
The booty was carried off to Mars.
Myriads of the sub-vital units specialized for transport of water and food materials
were loaded, each with a few molecules of the treasure,
and dispatched to the home planet.
The traffic continued indefinitely.
Meanwhile, the main body of the Martians proceeded to explore,
they were unstoppable.
For the absorption of water and leafage,
they spread over the countryside as an impalpable mist,
which man had no means to dispel.
For the destruction of civilization,
they became armies of gigantic cloud jellies,
far bigger than the brute which had formed itself during the earlier invasion.
Cities were knocked down and flattened,
human beings masticated into pulp.
Man tried weapon after weapon, in vain.
I'm glad I wasn't gonna go this year...
Why?
To X Day?
He's talking about X Day.
There's only like 30% of the people who try to get tickets haven't so far.
That's true.
Huh, 30% of all people total are males.
Yeah, anybody's ever heard.
Which is what?
That's 4,000 people right there.
You're talking about Starwood, right?
Yeah.
Talking about X Day.
No, X Day.
X Day.
Yeah, sleep now, X Day.
I've never gone to X Day.
I mean.
Why would Drummond do it over there?
How do you get tickets to X Day?
Do you have to like send in a pinky finger or something?
Yeah, basically.
You have to be a sub-G mission in this.
You have to get all the way across.
And you have to pay the ticket.
And you have to get this across the universe.
You're extremely, extremely rural Southern Ohio.
What are we going to do?
Because here in the 70s, you'll be all those giggling, gaggles.
What are you going to do?
You will do anything you want to do.
Anything.
Giggling, gaggles, and gowls.
I don't have anarchy, though.
Of naked gowls.
I don't know.
Cavorting and running, scampering.
There's a lot of cavorting and running and scampering.
Little nymphs.
There's a lot of puking and diarrhea.
Hurling and scampering.
Skiddling.
There's diddling and skiddling and branding, scampering around the town.
I heard the worst cover of Mongoloid ever at X Day last year.
Oh, really?
Yeah, the absolute worst.
Excellent.
That should be out on the internet.









CD next year.
Maybe we should go for a contest where we try to do a worse version.
No, if you try it.
Yeah, if you try it.
That's the worst.
Because then everybody gets up with their idea.
This is the real thing.
You just have to wait for that thing to fall on your lap.
Also, the very worst version of All Along the Watchtower I've ever heard was played
by the same bunch at X Day, including myself.
Was that Lloyd's band, Mongoloid?
No.
No.
It was a jam band that formed spontaneously.
And sometimes was really good, but not when they tried to do Mongoloid and All Along the
Watchtower.
Something went very, very, very wrong.
As it were.
Mongoloid.
He was a Mongoloid.
You know, that kind of puts in the mind the idea of possibly recruiting some Mongoloid
and, you know.
I think it's been done.
That's a bad idea.
I'm sorry.
It's been done.
There it goes.
It's been done.
You said it on the radio.
It was done.
It's done.
It happens.
And it's been helicoptered off to the government headquarters in Fort Meade, Maryland.
Under lock and key.
Under chain.
Under DOS.
Agreed?
Yeah.
Put them in that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I hear that strange, strange.
Yeah.
Strange modulation.
It's come down one point.
It's stridulating and it's modulating.
Yeah.
What's the deal?
I'm going to have my own private place.
It kind of seemed like I just heard it on the phone line.
It keeps coming over.
Connect to the monitor in Fort Meade.
It keeps coming over.
And he.
It keeps coming over.
It keeps coming over.
And he.
He said something about.
Next time I'm dispatched.
Come in.
Over.
Come on over.
I'm just going to pack them into the radio show.
Well, that's what 60% of all of us do.
We just pack it in.
Yeah.
Dispatch them right in.
Something like that.
Yeah.
I figured I could do something like that.
60%.
60% of people don't understand statistics.
And the other.
Other half of them don't know how to use them.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.

I'm sick of this red white.
You be true to me.
Let me not to you.
Crap.
I always talk about.
They did.
They did that.
Just fed up with it.
Can't feed my kids.
Talking about money.
Money.
Money.
Talking about money.
Where it's at.
Talking about money.
Money.
Yeah.
Money.
Money.

About money.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Money.
Yeah.
Yeah.







The streets all cracked up.
Babies getting hacked up.
Mommy turning tricks.
And her arms all tracked up.
Then he got the gears back.
The truck has got the hell up.
Is that any way to make a buck?
In this place we call the land of the free.
And the home of the brave.
It's the home of the slave.
Slave.
It's the home of the slave.
Come on.
Slave.
The rich building silos.
Talking about high and lows, got me some pharmaceuticals, fooled and diabolical
The way we be in play, slayed and betrayed, thought you had a degree, ah, thought you had it made, J
Hey, we're talkin' bout money, money, money, we're talkin' bout money, but where it's at?
Land of the Penitentiary, home of the slavs, politician buyouts, hobnobbing tryouts
F.E.A approving drugs that make me die out? I guess you wonderin' how you're gonna escape it
Gini Piggy, Mr. Piggy, Mr. Piggy, Mr. Piggy, Mr. Piggy, Mr. Piggy, Mr. Piggy, Mr. Piggy, Mr. Piggy
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
It's the home of the slave.
Come on.
Slave.
Friends, and this is the home of slack.
Now, the song, however, that's kind of a mystery tune.
It's actually called Home of the Slave.
And it was on a CD.
It was left in my station mailbox.
Kind of anonymously.
It just had handwritten on it.
Home of the Slack.
Copyright SC77.
So, thanks to SC77.
Let's see who else is out there waiting.
Hello.
Oh, it's Dave again.
Dave.
With no buzz.
Dave.
The buzzless Dave.
The only buzzing is in my ears.
No buzz, Dave.
It's a beautiful product.
And a whole product line, indeed.
No buzz, Dave.
Seems I'm a buzz killer, so to speak.
It's all three of us together.
Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Peepy Longstocking over here.
And me, doo-doo short socks.
Huh?
And, uh, yeah.
We grabbed some new handles for the show tonight.
Yeah, love handles, baby.
Oh, let's see.
Before Home of the Slave, which truly was, that is a mystery.
If anybody knows who did that or why it was in my box, I'd love to hear about it.
Stang at subgenius.com.
Before that, puzzling evidence, talking about X-Day, which is coming up.
The world ends July 5th, 1998, if this year is actually 1998.
Anyway, it's going to end that year.
It might actually be.
The Firesign Theater, actually David Osman of the Firesign Theater, talking about the Martian invasion.
And aside from some puzzling evidence there, which happened to have not only Philo Drummond, but Chaos McBobcat, who's like Mrs. Drummond, and Phineas Narco.
Hot stuff.
All of the collage stuff this time was by Ministry of Slack, which is yet another subgenius radio show that is entirely podcast and not broadcast.
Except on pirate FM type stations.
Over the Pooper Hooper.
Super cool.
Yeah, that was like Reverend Exister and Reverend Sweetness McGee, I think, did most of that.
And oh, in the background here is Balsara and his singing sitars doing Guantanamera.
It reminds me of my days on the island of Pines, sipping coconut milk and drooling on my ears.
That was quite a days you were in, those days.
That's not the same dimension, though, so to speak.
As it were.
As it were.
As it might be spoke.
Except for the dimension where your prostrate exploded on the floor the other night.
Ew.
Now, that's not funny, Dave.
You know, people have had health problems lately.
I don't think any of it's funny, if you ask me.
I think it's all a ludicrous example of how not only banal and unexciting people can be,
but how...
How...


Exciting in a strange way people can be.
Mm-hmm.
That reminds me of a joke my dad told me on the way over here on the phone, but I'm not going to go into that.
Well, some of these people are just full of hatred.
Well...
I don't know what they...
Speaking of that and sickness, I have put on this Art of the Theremin music here.
Clara Rockmore, thanks to Mr. Sister.
Should all the queens be forgotten?
Mr. Sister.
It's suitably...
Grim, because I have some...
Some bad personal news to announce, friends.
No.
We're...
Tonight, we're going to show you how easy it is to pull one over on subgenius haters
just by letting them use the internet and their own wishful thinking to dig their own graves.
And it's going on right now.
Across the land.
Well, sort...
Not really.
Just a handful of...
Subgenius haters on a news group that we abandoned a long time ago.
But, Dave, have you also been reading about my cancer and liver disease?
Yes, that's what I was commenting on earlier about the explosion of your prostate gland.
Yeah.
Which I heard was rather messy, but then I heard, by the same token, that if you were a Viking, perhaps,
or some sort of drunken Nordic person, it would make you closer to God.
Well, I...
Only if it dies fighting.
If my prostate gland dies in battle, consciously in battle, against an enemy, then it goes to Valhalla.
Mm-hmm.
But it's, of course, the Norse god, you know, it's Wotan and all that stuff.
Right, right, right.
Wotan, Wotan, frozen go to the Northland, Halley.
We all know that old song.
Anyway, yeah, I have actually been...
For the last few days, I've been reading about how I have terminal cancer.
And before that, about a month ago...
A month ago, I read that I had liver disease and was in the hospital.
Well, you know...
It's actually mountain climbing at the time that that was being said, but...
I did then end up in the hospital because of the mountain climbing.
That was referred to earlier in that puzzling evidence thing.
And I'm...
My ankle healed up, and then I stubbed my toe.
So now I've got a broken toe.
It turned out it wasn't your toe, after all.
It was...
It was...
The person next to you in the X space.
It was a toe-headed little rascal, what it was, that happens to be at the end of my left foot.
Everything on my left side is weak and stringy, but my right side is like Machiste, son of Hercules.
Goliath.
Hercules.
All them damn file cabinets.
But, yeah, it starts...
Here's the funny thing is...
Did I just say that?
Here's the funny thing is...
There's nothing funny about the eruption of bile or posterior fluids in any direction.
Well, sometimes there is.
And we made it funny.
We made this funny.
First, I have to give the listening audience, the ones who don't read any subgenius stuff on the Internet, a quick history.
For decades, since the middle 80s, around the time that...
The primitive Internet...
The primitive Internet, known as Usenet, was invented, the subgenius forum began, called alt.slack.
And for years, it was great.
The best of it is archived on subgenius.com.
But it was, by nature, uncontrollable.
It couldn't be moderated.
It was set up that way.
And for a long time, that was good because it attracted kooks and we could make fun of each other.
Well, after a while, it filled up with the wrong kind of kooks.
The kind that made it hard to read.
Because they would post offensive racialist language every 30 seconds as headlines.
So that the whole news group filled up with just junk.
But we had a solution.
We simply moved to a moderated group.
The scrub genius group on Google Groups, which still has you locked out, right, Dave?
As far as I know.
That's because you're nose-picking.
See?
As far as your nose.
Anyway, we'll work all that out.
But we did leave alt slack to the kooks and started a new news group that's got several hundred people in it now.
But here's the fun thing.
The people who remained on alt slack, who are all what we might call the differently-signed.
The loyal.
And not in a good way.
They're subgenius haters.
They're in with large breasts.
They're all stuck in a little room together, you might say.
And they've learned a lot about what else they have in common besides hating Bob and me and you and the church.
They hate each other.
Anyway, they can't see us in scrub genius, our group.
But we, the true dues-paying subgeniuses, can see the subgenius haters in their group that we left to them for that purpose.
Now, the other day, I discovered on...
I... I...
don't look at it very often.
In fact, somebody else brought my attention to it.
They said, you ought to check out Alt Slack
because they're talking about how you're dying.
And I said, oh boy, I love it when that happens.
And sure enough, this guy from, of all places, Dallas,
who goes by the names Ina Quandary or Bob Robertson,
he posted a thing called announcing,
this is not the official news group of the Church of the Subgenius.
Well, duh.
But underneath it said, quote,
do not listen to the lies of people who would pull your legs.
I should use a Texas accent.
Wait, how can I not?
You should, do not listen to the lies of people
who would pull your legs out from under you.
The bleep, coward, satanic, subgenius scum
were driven from this news group many months ago.
Like the beep, beep, beep, slimy cretins they are
they couldn't take the honest criticisms
pointing out how hateful they are towards Christians and Christianity.
It's actually not true.
They are the most vile bigots on Usenet
and like the human cockroaches they are
they scurried away from the light of reason and decency shown upon them.
Good riddance as they rot in their own collective spew.
Spew.
In their little private, degenerate Google groups
while membership in their hateful, satanic, so-called joke
falls to practically zero.
Doug Smith, the main, quote, founder of this vile bull, beep,
is reportedly dying of cancer.
It couldn't happen to a nicer Satanist.
Die, you cursed mother, beep, beep, beep.
Die, die, die.
Really, I kid you.
Do not.
He likes to, going by Wikipedia, you know, my street human name is Doug Smith.
Nobody calls me that.
And I'm not the founder.
You don't know any humans.
Bob is the founder.
Dr. Philodrumon and I are co-sub-founders.
And doo-doo short socks help.
And pee-pee long stocking.
Anyway, there's other stang and sub-genius haters.
One of the main ones being this person.
This person who posts under the title Mangler.
But he started out as Michael Alcandor.
And we continue to refer to him by the name Alcandor.
He's really, well, he's the one where I found out that not only was I Jewish,
but I was also a Muslim Satanist Mason.
And so is my dad.
A lot of Smiths, you know, in that really, anyway.
Alcandor fell for it.
I mean, he wanted to believe that I had,
he had cancer.
So he goes, someone posted earlier, Stang had cancer.
Is that true?
How can this man portray himself as a Christian and every other word is God.
And I hope he prays on his knees to God and so on and so forth.
And then say these things about wishing someone to have prostate cancer.
This is what confused me for a while.
I stuck my head in the toilet, flushed, stood up, combed my hair.
So that's what number three is.
And sang a little song.
And finally, it occurred to me that this person,
has literally dug his or owner graver by using such sputage.
Well, the here's the funny thing.
On the Google air.
Okay.
Here's the funny thing.
We've been just literally tonight.
We've been actively leading them on, on scrub genius,
Susie, the floozy and me and other people, Dr.
Dark and so forth.
A plot.
How can we,
how can we keep these guys believing that Stang is sick and dying of cancer?
I actually do have a little tummy.
Cause we got eight too much last night at a friend's dinner.
Yeah.
You're not supposed to eat the kebab stick.
Just the kebab.
Let's see.
I'll skip past our,
our Norwegian friend who,
who said,
I know,
I know the state nag personally.
They call me St.
Nag for fun.
I know the St.
Nag personally,
having presided as a blood spatterer over his knoll ceremony and would never
confirm such a thing to you.
You being a known,
kook of the ninth water.
However,
I am as my habit heroically drunk and have contemplated the matter on my
beautiful walk home from my regular place of libations where the people all
provided the input of one mind.
All things considered.
My conclusion is this leap.
You lemming boy.
If you gloat over this,
your beep will black and drop off.
I have the folks and the deadly,
deadly chemicals to make sure the curse comes through.
Shut up and go away.
Alc,
Alcandor who hates me took that as a yes.
Stang must be sick in a quandary.
The Dallas guy said,
Douglas Smith has prostate cancer brought on in part.
Oh,
he's the Texan.
Douglas Smith had prostate cancer brought on in part from many years of illegal
drug abuse.
He's getting exactly what he deserves.
The best thing about this,
of course,
is the knowledge that he will be on his knees,
begging,
begging to God for forgiveness before this is over.
Then his,
his sorry ass dies and go straight to hell like the evil degenerate Satanist
that he is and always will be.
Of course,
all his inner satanic circle,
Pisces,
Susie,
Zapanaz,
et cetera,
will deny he has anything wrong with him at all.
That's to be expected.
Of course,
take a trip to Cleveland Heights to his home and pound on his door,
demanding that he be forgiven.
And if he does,
he'll be in jail for the rest of his life.
Now,






and his saving grace,
and how towards the end of his pathetic life,
who Jesus or me,
he is having second thoughts on his stupid little joke against God.
God has no sense of humor,
forsakenness,
as Stang will find out.
Now,
them some warning words,
compadre.
If I were you,
I'd stay away from that guy.
Sounds like he needs a restraining order slapped on his hiney.
Well,
oh,
no,
I don't care about that.
There's,
there's,
um,
then the other Stang haters joined in.
Someone who calls himself JJ Baby said,
you have rotten brain disease.
Why are you so concerned about the health of some old Jew who used to post here?
Is he one of your gay Jewish boyfriends?
And,
uh,
see,
what are you?
A Jewish,
a Pope hater or something?
Right.
Did Stang steal your girlfriend?
That's the first thing people usually think.
Anyway,
this other guy,
C.
Wallard,
said,
completely mistakenly,
he thought,
he thought that the,
the,
the,
uh,
you have rotten brain disease guy was somebody else.
So he goes,
Joe,
I liked you better when you were a passive,
aggressive,
concerned troll.
It worked better with your writing style and given everybody's self-esteem issues was quite a bit more effective.
Unfortunately,
this guy happens to be,
be,
being clever to somebody he thinks is somebody else.
And he's a man who wears a shawl.
Just when you,
you know,
just when you're trying to be the smartest,
that's when you find out you just proved you were the dumbest.
And I shouldn't have even said that.
Well,
like,
and Adam's climbing a mole heap.
Um,
as the news of your death travels around the globe,
there's going to be thousands of these file benefit dish dish disinfectors,
um,
from,
from every corner.
They're just going to,
they're going to be surrounding you.
Well,
it proves we're doing it right.
Actually,
they would be surrounding Bob Dobbs,
but,
uh,
he was smart or luckier rather than I was.
And he hired me to be his little scarecrow.
Uh,
well,
you might,
you might want to get one of them,
uh,
nuclear powered hockey sticks or something.
Keep her on the house.
Um,
anyway,
so,
so we got,
we got to seeing,
uh,
somebody drew our attention to this.
This whole routine where these people on alt slack were gloating that Stan was dying horribly of cancer.
And,
uh,
Reverend Susie,
the floozy.
I'll do her voice.
Love it.
She,
she brought,
uh,
our attention to it.
Princess.
We,
you said,
Oh,
he's laughing at that one.
Like a P freak slobbering over a truck stop men's room floor.
This could be the time for some major mind rape shenanigans.
It's been a while since we went bait fishing over there.
I mean,
it's hard to hide the fact that staying was just out West where there's that secret Bohemian Grove cancer research Institute full of sorta ex Nazi doctors who cure it.
Sinister cult leaders while they work on infecting everyone like Alcantara was squamous cell carcinomas through microwaves beamed into their skulls.
Staying takes a little vacation and then suddenly had to spend a quite a bit of time out there.
And,
uh,
I,
as I said,









it's true that my toe hurts.
And the doc,
the doc,
Dave,
the doc said that I've got maybe three weeks tops and then my foot will fall off.
Then my legs and arms,
then my body will fall off.
Then my neck will fall off.
And finally my head will fall off and there won't be anything left.
Susie came back and she said,
see,
see,
it's true.
Stanks got a bad case of cancerous fragmentation.
I hate it.
When Alcantara proves,
right?
Hey,
did it ever happen?
Has it?
Man,
that was arrow deity.
She nailed it right on the head.
Your body was malfunctioning so badly that the different parts were disassembly.
That could be a problem with the master producer cylinder,
uh,
creator,
the actual brain link itself might,
you might be telling yourself to release your arms because you know,
you're just tired of having them wagon around when you're trying to go somewhere.
Do you ever cut the head off of GI Joe?
Oh,
of course he did.
Many times the arms and legs pop off.
that caused me quite a bit of trouble during a certain Devo music video stop-motion shoot.
Well, did you ever take apart a G.I. Joe and stuff like that with a bunch of other kids around
and put lighter fluid on it?
I wasn't in the military. I was 4F. I missed Vietnam.
Bless those flat, flat feet.
Anyway, we decided, okay, what happens if we lead these guys on?
In fact, Dr. Dark posted to Alt Slack.
Dr. Dark, who lives in Cleveland, is known as someone who knows us personally.
By the way, he's not a transvestite, nor has he ever used aluminum sulfide as a hair conditioner.
That's besides the point.
Dr. Dark said, yeah.
Disclaimer.
To help these people believe this story, he said, yeah.
If Stang makes it to X-Day, it'll be a miracle, which, of course, sets us up for a miracle.
But, yeah, it's true.
These guys are so—facts will not get in the way for these people.
For five years straight, that Alcindor guy insisted I was Jewish,
and then suddenly, I guess after reading Wikipedia or something,
he insisted that he had never once claimed I was Jewish.
The crazy 11-11 guy, Jalon,
and the fake Canadian Bob, Bob Dean,
have both had such vivid visions of me
that they've told me where to find lost objects in my house,
objects that never existed to begin with,
and the areas they told me to look likewise exist only in their visions.
So, in other words, they flunked the Stangian psychic powers test
without even discerning psychically that it was a test.
Well, that's the first thing they do when they see you're getting ready to seize power.
They've heard about your—

—up-and-cumbering plans to join the erection,
maybe you're in November or May, whichever time you can get in there.
And that's what they'll do.
They usually—they collect all the information.
They get a huge database together, and they slip out a little profile.
And that's how they attack you for, you know, in times—
the early vetting stages haven't even begun yet,
and they're already proving that Stang is a transvestite who has prostate and lung cancer,
and cerebral cortex.
There's something wrong with it that's making your brain shrink,
which we knew was happening anyway, and now your thumbs are falling off.
Now, aren't you going to call me judgmental?
Because usually when we go into all that stuff they throw in that I'm really judgmental.
Well, you appeared before judgmental many times,
and he deemed you a non-compost mintage, as they used to say.
Well, anyway, I told this to the scrub geniuses, all right?
I said, I'd love to watch the alt-slot.
It's alt-slack.
Ant-bed were some trustworthy subgenius to accidentally reveal, yeah, it's true,
Stang's dying very slowly of a terribly painful anus cancer, but won't admit it,
and he's secretly trying every kind of quack alternative medicine cure,
like sweat lodges, praying, cupping, ear candling, and so forth,
but going into debt to pay for it, wiping out his kid's inheritance,
and thus being ostracized from his family.
And, Princess, we.
I said, so, you know, go ahead and get these guys to believe this.
And Susie noticed...
Dr. Dark!
Well, they did the same thing to Santorum.
They noticed that he was mentally ill.
Like the time he took a fetus home with him and stuff and tried to get a priest to bury it,
which put him in a stranger camp that he was already in,
and he was kind of told that it can't be done.
As long as you remember your PR team is behind you,
you can counter any of that.
And you don't have to disclose how, you know, you have five bazillion...
Your assets are over five bazillion, whatever that is.
Well, eventually the conspiracy will do this to everyone.
But Susie noticed that Dr. Dark had...
Just dropped a couple of convincing steamers over there to feed the poo eaters.
Oh, shenanigans.
Well, so that encouraged Dr. Dark, and he decided to get preachy on it.
He said...
They had said, you know, I hope he dies soon.
And Dr. Dark said, easy for you to say.
It's spread from the prostate.
All real Christians should pray for Stang rather than pray on him in these trying end times for him as well as us.
Christ forgave as well as healed the sick.
If Christians' prayers heal him when there's no hope now due to metastasis,
I'll bet he denounces his own church and becomes a Christian himself.
So here's your chance.
Christians should practice what you preach as well as get the results that you want.
But our other friend, General Public,
who, by the way, has started a subgenius wiki that's full of cool disinformation.
It's called subgenius.wikia.com or subgenius wikia clench.
It's a whole world unto itself.
Anyway, he said to the alt-slack people, okay, who still believe this is all true.
He goes...
I wish...
I wish...
It weren't true, but it is.
There's a big thread at Scrub Genius right now from Stang about how all the doctors told him he hasn't got much longer to live from the cancer.
That it's metastasized and he's trying all sorts of alternative holistic medicine now because Western medicine has nothing left to offer him.
Everyone's wishing him the best and hoping he somehow makes it through the cancer and survives.
I can't believe people are gloating about his cancer so gleefully.
This man is sick and he's slowly dying.
I thought Christians were supposed to have compassion.
You should all pray for him to get better.
It's the least all of you so-called Christians could do.
And yes, Stang did get down on his hands and knees and beg God for forgiveness and offer himself to Jesus Christ.
But he also prayed and submitted himself to every other deity and every other religion he's ever heard of.
Just in case anyone's listening up there.
He's really desperate now.
Very sad.
He's barely strong enough to type.
We does most of his typing for him now.
This is upsetting me.
Now the Church of the Subgenius is mostly turned into a support group to help make him feel better.
Everybody's always telling him how the subgenius stuff saved their lives when they were deeply depressed or things like that.
But I'm sure he can tell people are just making all those stories up to make him feel better.
Honestly, if you really are Christians, you should be praying for this man's salvation.
He hasn't got much longer to live.
To which Inner Quandary said,
That's the best laugh I've had all week.
Thanks.
Woo-hoo.
And J.G. Baby said,
I don't wish cancer on anybody, but this guy sounds like a real dip.
And then Susie says,
General public, you understand that what happens on scrub stays on scrub.
Or we'll take away your secret decoder ring.
Lol, lol, lol.
Pathetic.
Wipes.
So.
See, Susie dropped that in there just to make the whole thing look more realistic.
Like, hey, you know, don't spread word to these alt-slack haters about our problems.
Whereas in actuality, now, here I am on the live radio explaining that we're pulling this trick on these,
what would you call them, cast-offs from the losers group?
Wee, the voice is not working, right?
Stan keeps repeating himself.
Could you, like, roll it back?
A little bit?
They could call it peanut gallery, but that's kind of an old-fashioned term.
You know, Dave, I just wanted to mention that you were talking about not eating the sticks of the kebabs last night.
And I just wanted you to know that we did have bobs.
We had bubba rum.
I knew you were going to have to get in that inside joke stuff about our dinner last night.
I knew it.
I knew it when we were on our way over here.
That's what gave you prostate?
The cancer right there is bubba rum.
That's right.
You're only supposed to eat a portion of one of those unless you've consumed three gallons of whiskey.
Right.
Well, we did.
Which you did, too.
Yeah.
We did actually wake up feeling a little right mind left behind.
I say let your organs hang out, Stang.
There's no use keeping it off the internet.
All you got to do is just go up there and take a picture of it and show everybody where the scars are and what the heck's going on.
Actually, I got a new microscope I should post.
It's pictures of rotifers squirming against each other and say that this is the X-ray of my prostate.
The state of my prostate.
The rotifers are really pretty gross, too.
I got a new microscope that takes the kind of pictures men like.
You know what I mean?
I think you should do that.
We should even discuss it fully on the air because, as you said, none of the lunatics listen to the show anyway.
Well, that's the thing.
Two weeks from now, this show will go online.
I mean, people are listening.
Listen on WCSB.org right now at this moment in time, which is the past time for most people hearing it.
Of course, we're all in on it.
These guys get to hear it when it's three weeks old and they've caught on that they made up a story and wanted to believe it so badly that in all of their minds it was true.
They could very easily.
If they really wanted to know.
If they really wanted to know the truth, listen to last week's Hour of Slug.
Obviously, we and I are out traveling around the country doing things, not what a guy with terminal cancer would be doing.
But knowing what's really happening is not what they want.
Don't bother with the facts, man.
What they want is to believe what they want to believe, so they're not going to be listening to us tonight.
We'll wait until they get really, really gloatful about it.
And then we'll spring them the link on this show of me reading their words in character voices, which they won't be able to respond to.
Who those people really were, so to speak.
Well, anyway, Dave, didn't our mutual literary agent, Reverend Haidt, do a hate song?
Yes, he did.
He has a band.
This is true.
Dave and I and Reverend Susie.
Susie, for that matter, have been agented for book purposes by Reverend Haidt, Gary Haidt in New York.
And he has a band called Fist of Kindness.
And he did this song, which we're going to kind of close the show out with some tunes, I think.
Yes, it's thematic.
I'll leave you on, and we might check in between these.
Fist of Kindness doing a song called I Want to Kill You.
I Want to Kill You, which you could interpret as the subgenius haters wanting to kill Bob and Dave and me and Princess Wee and themselves.
It's actually, if you listen to the lyrics, it's really about the Iraq War.
Then I'll play The Death Bellies, the true name of the band that Sister Decadence turned us on to.
And they're doing a, well, you'll see.
So let me play this.
We'll pull the theremin out.
Or put it away, rather.
Slowly pull the wool over my own eyes.
And play the Dave.
It's the Dave.
Stuff my nostril with olives, ripe telematas from the neighbor's backyard garden.
And then we strung the olives, and they vibrate.
Okay.
Fist of Kindness, I Want to Kill You.
I Want to Kill You.
Oh, man, I do not want to kill you.
Oh, I want you dead.
But I don't choppy choppy head.
No.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.

Whoa.

Whoa.
Cryptocracy cannot steal that much from me
Cryptocracy has no secret that I cannot see
I wanna kill you, but I do not want to kill you
I want you dead, but I don't chop your choppy head, no
When the planes flew overhead
And all the fluffy chickens ended up dead
I know that would change a thing or two
About the way you run your chicken coop
I know a decade passed and yet
You start a war that never ends
You call a chicken a broiler and pretend
And you don't mean the message it sends
I wanna kill you, but I do not want to kill you
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I want you dead
But I don't choppy, I don't choppy choppy head
But I don't mean the message it sends

I am no cowboy
I am no fellow
But I don't know what you're trying to do
I want to kill you, but I don't like you
I wanna kill you
Oh, oh, oh, oh, I want you dead.
But I know chubby, I know chubby, chubby hair.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
I know chubby, I know chubby hair.
I know chubby, I know chubby, I know chubby, I know chubby hair.
Ha, ha, yeah!
Fist of kindness.
I want to kill you.
And you're listening to The Hour of Slack
with Lonesome Cowboy Dave,
yours truly, Reverend Stang and Princess Wee,
and the haters of alt.slack.
You can learn everything at subgenius.com if you want to.
And to all of them we say,
we're not going to die.
At least we're going to try.
Well, as Dr. LeGime put it,
nobody's biography has a happy ending.
But I suppose some are happier than others.
Anyway.
You know what the next step is.
It's shaving the entire skull,
looking for the implant,
pulling it gently out,
then putting it back in again,
and it takes too much time.
And you hate the procedure.
So, it's a good thing you did that.
It's in your teeth, Bob!
That's where the transmitter is.
It's in your teeth!
You gotta pull them all out like I did.
Ooh, see?
That's what I done, too.
A cross-pecker, you see, was confused,
and therefore I...
I grabbed a wrench first,
and then I decided just to take a hammer and remove them.

Mwah.
Well, and so now it is time to close.
Toothless, argumentative, full of cheese,
yet willing to sit back and sting ourselves with a thousand beads.
Hey, speaking of which, don't you have a book,
an e-book out now called Dorkus?
And the Affairs of Lord Willing.
That's really the name.
It's a good book.
I'm kidding, by the way, friends.
There really is a book out by Dave, Lonesome Cowboy Dave, and his friend Wes,
called Dorkus and the Lords of Willing.
And The Affairs of Lord Willing.
Oh, The Affairs of Lord Willing.
No wonder I...
It is a steampunk kind of satire, making fun of the genre and yet employing the genre.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
And having some funny advertisements in there,
like an old...
Tape any horror you would take on the train to London or Boston or something to read as you...
Well, we have to go now because lonesome radio synesthesia just came in,
so I'm going to fade you out and I'm going to play the death billies, speaking of genre bashing.
Well, I'm going to try burp for half an hour and you can catch that fade.
I'm getting ready.
Okay, here it goes.
We're failing.
Burp fade.
Burp fade.
Burp fade.
Burp fade.
Burp fade.
Burp fade.
Burp fade.
Burp fade.
Burp fade.
Burp fade.
Burp fade.
Burp fade.
Burp fade.
Burp fade.
Burp fade.
Burp fade.
Burp fade.
Burp fade.
Burp fade.





Burp fade.
Burp fade.
Burp fade.
I don't understand.



This will do it actually.




If you were to ask Trev this first question...

Crazy, crazy for feeling so lonely
I'm crazy, crazy for feeling so blue
I knew you'd be as long as you wanted
And then someday you'd be there for somebody new
Worry, why do I let myself worry
Wondering what in the world did I do
Crazy, thinking that my love could hold you
I'm crazy for trying and crazy for crying
Crazy for loving
Crazy for loving
Worry
Worry
Worry
Worry
We'll see you next time.
We're even more glad that some listeners have donated enough to help us keep on going for another couple of months.
Not just this show, but subgenius.com and all the other archive sites.
But if you truly love Bob and want some of that slack back to rebound to you,
you should go to subgenius.com front page or especially the radio page or the catalog store pages
and help out financially as best you can.
Now, we know what it's like to be on the brink of total poverty
and we don't want any subgeniuses to make their own situations worse.
But some of you still have jobs.
Even five bucks makes a big difference, even if it's only once a month from enough of you.
Fifty bucks makes an even bigger difference.
All we're saying is that blowjobs could go the way of Steve jobs if you don't pay Dobbs.
We also take checks and money orders to subgenius foundation.
P.O. Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Thanks for anything you can do to help let there be slack.
We know what it's like to be on aflight free.
We know what it's like to be on a flight free.
People 여�Tuchangeanitonood Kanah besser ascensiowyiétan yang bende Premium
Akatsukiya valey estou brainstormando konohonaka Generational market得ers up風
Co membership Charter for Oblovino establishment of subliminalrafia corporation of this free Untersubliminal Hypno Corporation is free.
contacts Money present order free BIOS Free pills money must pay free pill money Раз letting you Bu fired PP pills money fuck free pill save money free pills money free pills money you need to do sin mop s UGP for free care

Kill me!
