Are you crazy?
Yeah, why not?
Okay.
Okay.
Within five years, the United States, as we know it, will cease to exist.
We're living in terrible, fearless, chaotic times.
Praise the Lord.
And these times are not going to get any better, my friend.
Amen.
They're going to get worse and worse.
Okay, I know you all think you want to know what's going on.
That's okay.
So I saw this thing coming.
I saw this thing coming to me.
I didn't know what it was, but...
It looked funny.
There were deceptions which have surrounded our space program.
If this was indeed an extraterrestrial spacecraft with living occupants,
it must have been very disconcerting for them to cross millions of miles of space
only to be hit on the head with rotten oranges.
The dramatic advent of such fascinating objects
as those which were found in the space of space,
the first called flying saucers,
attracted the inevitable attention of those individuals
who let their imaginations run away with their veracity.
By 1950, some of these characters were beginning to spin their stories
of fantastic conversations with alleged space people.
Some of them expanded the stories to include alleged rides in the UFOs.
Suddenly, everything went black and I realized that I'd been cut off and shut off in a little tiny room
where nobody was listening to me.
And I was talking to this hot guy.
I was talking to this hot little plush felt red rubber-tipped microphone.
Not hearing a thing and seeing only little tiny lights.
And wondering why I was strapped to this chair and put into this studio
that seemed to be rotating very rapidly with lights flashing off rhythmically.
And it was a small man with a swollen head and hideously deformed eyes
sitting behind the console pushing the buttons
while pencils of light and energy flashed across my body.
And I wondered why I was there and what did they want of me.
And I couldn't figure out why I was sitting there.
And they didn't say anything.
They just kept flashing those lights at me and pumping those strange chemicals into me.
And the man with the funny head, the leader, the man with the strange grin and the pipe.
Well, I just want to know, do you want to be in the church or out of the church?
And where's your wallet?
The DC9 pushing the buttons.
Yeah.
I didn't know that I'd been snatched up and it wasn't really a dream
until I saw these sacred nasal positions.
And suddenly it all came back to me.
All the pencils were gone.
They'd stolen four and a half hours out of my life
when they put me in that tiny room and plugged all those wires into me
and made me talk and talk and talk and talk.
Well, it's only an hour and a half tonight, mister.
And talk.
And talk.
Because you only paid for an hour and a half.
Of all the worlds that the intelligences on Mars could see and study,
only our own warm Earth,
where there are titanic drifts of lava and ice with hydrogen flaming at the tops,
where the atmospheric temperature is at its highest,
where the atmospheric pressure is terrible,
it has no air,
it's green with the methane gas,
pneumonia vapor.
Spacecraft entered the moon's gravitational field in the sixth segment of the flight.
The gravity of the moon is one sixth of that on Earth.
The orbit around the moon was flown 66 miles above the moon's surface at 6,000 miles an hour.
At 10 after 9, the beeping began.
We went down to the reserve fence, watched through binoculars, and we did see this thing.
It's about the size of the moon, with a small crescent at the bottom that's well lit like starlight.
The top is a dark gray mass.
It came down through the trees, whatever it was.
Have you ever heard of one?
Have you ever been in one?
Have you ever seen one?
Have you by television ever seen one?
If you haven't, it's the greatest sight this side of the moon has ever seen.
The people from this Earth have already seen some of their spacecraft,
which they call flying saucers,
and other flying objects which they cannot describe.
These objects are real and are spacecraft.
Total collapse of world civilization.
July 5th, 1998, at 7 a.m. to be exact,
the men from Planet X, as the news media will call them,
will arrive to rupture the subgeniuses, the true believer subgeniuses,
up into the escape vessels of the sex goddesses.
...to carry a few picked survivors of our doomed civilization
to a new life on another world.
For a minute there, it was almost just like the real hour of slack,
with nobody but me and the cassette machine.
With the ancient collages from X days past,
when we waited and waited for them to come.
What happened to Princess Wei?
She and I had a little ditty to open the show with.
Ah, well, if you want me to stand clear, I will.
As soon as she appears.
And I ran into Papa Joe.
Oh, there she is.
The Bobby Awards are later on today, I think it's 7 o'clock.
That's right.
The coveted Bobby Awards.
And isn't there supposed to be a pile of documents here
that I'm supposed to be signing or calligraphing or something?
Princess Wei indicated that I'd be...
Can you hand them over?
I need to start doing that while we perform our Bobcast here.
It is an example of multitasking.
Dr. Hal is able to do a painting and play chess
while ranting on a radio show and eating dinner.
Oh, are we in the middle of a broadcast?
Oh, oh, oh, sorry.
We got a little bit confused there.
Actually, there will be the Bobby Awards,
and you do get, if you happen to be a recipient,
which I think we have more awards than we actually have people here.
And this year we're...
We're going to be at the main stage rather than here.
We're going to cut the acceptance.
The acceptance speech is down to 30 seconds time this year.
And, yes, friends, welcome to Subgenius Hour of Slack,
number 1,300 and something, something, something.
That's how many there have actually been,
although we do rerun something every now and then, don't we, Miss Volume Test?
Yes, we rerun things from time to time.
Let's see.
So we can turn down the mole people, I think.
Oh.
Well, this tune doesn't go with it.
We have a special tune for Wisteria.
This is a little ditty that Princess We wrote mostly, I think.
And you have a copy of it right here.
Oh, how nice.
That you doodled all over.
Okay.
Okay.
Um...
I'm letting a pregnant pause go by.
I also need to clear my throat.
I'm a little bit...
I don't know about the rest of you all,
but I'm starting to get a bit crispy around the edges
after a few days of camping out and roughing it.
Of course, we're staying in a mansion downtown, but...
Still, for us, that's roughing it.
This story is better than better, Baaahbabbahbabbaahab.
That's much better.
What are you doing?
I'm multitasking again.
Yes, multitasking again, dear.
Okay.
You start us off, because you know keys and things.
The old place in Sherman is taint.
It's the one place that Ex Day just ain't!
We thought of Vegas and more
But none of them made the score
There's St. Fulton's Yard in New Jersey
And there's the Stang Ranch in Texarkersey
But things being how they are
A new place to play, you can bet we did scout
But the big bucks we need we ain't got
So wisteria's where it plays out
Why, it's good old reliable J.R.J.R.J.R.J.R. Bob Dobbs
If you're looking for weirdos, this here is the spot
Lookie here what we have found, it's pretty damn hot
Not for good old reliable J.R.J.R.J.R.J.R. Bob Dobbs
It's the youngest established permanent

Floating ex-day now in Ohio
There are weird abnormals everywhere, everywhere
There are bizzare cuties everywhere
And an awful lot of slackin' for the subs to get a packin' there
If we only had that bastard J.R. Bob, we could be a millionaire
That's a good old reliable J.R.J.R.J.R.J.R. Bob Dobbs
If you're looking for mutants
This here is the club
You know you ain't no genius, you're only a sub
At the end of the world we call ex-day
Ex-day, ex-day, ex-day, 14th
It's the youngest established permanent
Floating ex-day now in Ohio
Where's the party? Where's the day?
Gotta have ex-day so we all get saved
It's the youngest established permanent
Floating ex-day now in Ohio
They're so charitable.
I know that must have been kind of painful.
Princess Wee is a professional singer, and I am not.
Sort of.
But I do have a good vocabulary.
Ha ha ha.
Hey, when was the pancake ritual?
Has that happened already?
I don't know.
I saw there were...
Huh?
Tomorrow at 11, at the main stage, free pancakes for all true subgeniuses.
And probably a few bums who will get in line, sneak in line anyway without their tags.
In the oldie tradition.
Of Reverend B and Annie.
In fact, there is a rant here that was posted by Reverend Sweetness McGee of the Ministry of Slack
about the pancake ritual.
As I had been saying, I'm so tired of all these traditions that we had.
Everything was getting so old at Brushwood.
It was always the same old thing every ex-day.
But then I realized...
Now we're trying to make them continue.
We thought that Reverend V, who usually supplies the sacred pancakes,
and any...
Reverend V was injured.
I assume that he wouldn't be able to make it.
I assume that he wouldn't be able to sit on the ground for hours on end flipping pancakes.
As Reverend McGee put it,
attired old traditions are one thing, but pancakes, sir, are a true staple.
Pancakes kept the ancients...
The ancient yetis fed on the cold hard trail during that long-ass trek out of the ruins of ancient Atlantis.
When proto-subgenius miners were attacked by loathsome subterranean splorch worms,
they slapped pancakes over the creature's eyes, rendering them blind.
Many a pancake has provided friendship and succor for a lonely alt-dot slack kook who can't get a friend or a date.
Pancakes are that marvelous thing that you get a craving for,
at 2 a.m. in the middle of the desert,
and can rest assured that there is a 24-hour diner ready to provide you with a tall stack dripping with butter and syrup.
Pancakes are not merely an alchemical delivery system for grains and Dobbs-needed energy.
Nay, they are the nearest thing to ambrosia that we have.
Was it not a pancake that was given to Mr. Simonton by the occupants of a landed UFO?
In Eagle River, Wisconsin in 1961?
A pancake given to him as payment?
Is this not a glimpse into the true place that pancakes have in the greater excess scheme?
Dobbs has said to use up those Euros, Yen, and Dollars, while we still got them.
Because after the rupture, it's strange, wriggling, twelfth-dimensional currencies that we cannot even begin to fathom.
Could it be...
that pancakes await us in...
in the great galactic bank vaults?
Trade them or eat them.
Who gives a...
a shit?
What does that word mean?
Either way, you gain slack.
Wow.
That came out of nowhere, said Sweetness.
And that is truly, friends,
I never knew myself how holy and important the pancakes were
until they were gone.
And isn't that the way of slack?
Certainly is.
You don't appreciate it until it's taken away,
and then you realize how much slack you had all along.
Indeed, it's true.
It's only when it's suddenly taken away from you
that you realize, oh, it was great having lungs or teeth.
A liver.
A brain cell.
Being an air-breathing vertebrated animal.
Yes.
Feet.
We did at one point.
We did at one point.



Figure out the priorities in life,
and I believe there's a poster around here.
Don't you have the priorities in life diagram close to hand?
Always time for a little educational lesson.
Education?
This is Bob's keys to magic, isn't it?
They left, pancakes was left off of this.
Oh, we did that lesson yesterday.
We did that.









is the list of priorities. I trust some of you can read them. And we left off, number
zero actually should be, the very first thing you need is a physical universe in which to
exist, atoms and all of that business that goes with it. But, come on, let's face it,
you're going to need air first. Then you're going to need water pretty soon. And even
before you have to eat, you will have to pee. You can go without food for days, but you
can't go without peeing for very long. Believe you me, I tried to quit. I must have tried
to quit 150 times. But even the patches didn't help. Then you get food. You'll find that
you can't.
You can't go without sleep forever. Some of us are learning that for the first time this
very week. But you can wait until after you've slept to take an extra meditation. Notice
that slack itself is only number seven on the list of priorities. Money is only number
eight. Frop is way down there at nine.
Now, most people, you know, most kids, you go, what's the most important thing in your
life? Oh, sex, man, sex. Well, take it from me, kids. Your back not hurting is far more
important than sex. There are a few people here that know the truth of that. And Bob
is way down there at number 12.
Poor Bob.
You actually can live without Bob for a while.
And Bob is then followed, of course, by taxes. And then I think we left out room for number
14, which would have been death. Or pancakes, one or the other.
Hot pastrami sandwich.
One of those two.
Ooh, yeah. I'm liking this.
Now, Princess, we have to translate any heckling.
What?
What?

I'm rather deaf in both eyes.
Oh, Mandy was just mentioning the hot pastrami pancakes.
That's a reason to live.
Was that on? Was that not on?
It was off.
It was off? All that time?
Well, I'll, whatever.
Well, he'll eat his hat.
Yeah.
Actually, there was somebody.
He said they would eat their hat if there were over 111 subgeniuses here this week.
And I don't know what the exact count is, but I know I'm going to say that there were 112.
How's that? Let's all stick to that number.
Oh, man. I saw the list. There was 112 subgeniuses.
The 111 nut will have to eat his hat. He said he would.
He'll probably cheat.
And use a little candy hat or something.
Now, Dr. Hal, I don't see you multitasking like you guys just bragged about.
I'm doing, I'm going as fast as I can.
The work is getting done.
Dr. Hal is filling out the special Bobby Awards that were channeled by Bob himself through Teeters La Verge.
Teeters is the author.
He's the author of The Agent and Mr. Dobbs, which I'm sure you've all been following in installments on Hour of Slack and Script Genius.
And he had special awards that he printed out and he requested the Dr. Hal label because he can, he writes real pretty.
You know, he talks real pretty. He can draw real pretty, too.
Deadly, deadly drawing talent.
Papa Joe Mama over here we see is writing his...
Furiously crafting his rant.
He's collating his notes.
I'll be writing my special rant for X Day on the way to Starwood.
That's, in fact, I've already used up about half of it here.
Well, here's a...
Well, here's one I'll read.
Do we have an extra mic?
There should be.
There should be at least four of them up here.
Well, mine is hardly being used, but we have three.
Well, I will...
Oh, wait, that's not the one I want.
Although it's not too bad.
Sure, why not? I'll do this.
And I don't know who put this together.
It was mailed to me by Reverend Zaphod, but it just came from the internet.
You remember in the words of Martin Niemöller,
if that's how his name is pronounced,
first they came for the communists, he wrote,
and I didn't speak out because I wasn't a communist.
Then they came for the trade unionists,
and I didn't speak out because I wasn't a trade unionist.
Then they came for the Jews,
and I didn't speak out because I wasn't a Jew.
Then they came for me,
and there was no one left to speak out for me.
I always like to add,
then they came for the mute.
But here's the latest declaration.
Mr. Niemöller,
wrote this poem decades ago.
It might read like this today.
First, they declared the corporations were people,
and I didn't complain because I'm already a person.
Then they made unlimited money speech,
and I didn't complain because the American dream says I'll be rich someday too.
Then they commandeered the means of production by shipping our greatest strength,
manufacturing overseas,
because we don't have money.
They bought the bothersome unions over there,
and I didn't complain because Walmart has cheap stuff.
Then they bought Congress so they could write the laws,
and I didn't complain because I can't be bothered to vote.
Then they bought the Supreme Court so they could cement their rule,
and I didn't complain because I don't have time to pay attention.
Then they bought the news so they could convince everyone it's always been this way,
and I didn't complain because...
it's always been this way.
Then they manhandled an election,
and I didn't complain because I'm not from Florida.
Then they lied us into wars,
and I didn't complain because I'm not a soldier,
or an Iraqi,
or an Afghani,
or I guess we could, you know, add new war here.
Then millions died for profit,
and I didn't complain because the graphics on the news were totally awesome.
Then they started locking people up because they said they could,
and I didn't complain because nobody locked me up.
Then they started spying on everyone because they said they could,
and I didn't complain because I'm a real American.
Then they came for the worker,
but thanks to supply-side trickle-down economics, I don't have a job.
The truth is self-evident.
They are coming for you, and they are relentless.
Stand up for your country, for your family, for yourself.
Stand up.
Be hard.
Oh, no, heard.
Be heard.
Actually, I suggest being hard as well if you possibly can.
And if you really, really, really, really need the special little pills, I have those too.
Do you really?
Now, while...
What else is...
Are things coming along on your end there?
I can do another one here.
I'll keep ranting.
Are we waiting for the next one?
Do you want me?
Do you want...
No, no, go ahead and do whatever's easiest for you, Dr. Howell.
Slack comes first in the life of every initiate, you know, friends.
My idea of Slack happens to be working myself to death.
However, I didn't have to work on this one because Reverend Onan Canobite,
actually Uncle Dr. Onan Canobite, is kind of like my ghost writer,
or speech writer.
Every month or so, he sends something that I get to take credit for, just because I have
a radio show and he doesn't.
He's one of the many brains behind and inside this brain.
As Onan said, enjoy.
There's a good reason we call this the church of the subgenius.
Believe me, we've all known the guy or gal who was smart, too smart for their own good.
Yeah, they're savants.
That's why everything they do is an act of savantage.
No, sir, no, ma'am, we instead do wander as media overlords in the blabberinth of media overload,
resplendent in resentistentialism.
It's the uncannibals versus the pretty-ots.
The church of the subgenius renders the conspiracy bobsolete.
The subgenius puts the err in the law.
They can't do anything.


What we are, the subgenius, is an uncannibalized subgenian nerd.
We are the politically correct.
Where the pinks would be but sited, we say, hail Saiten.
Saiten spelled with an E.
For our enemies, we have a bouquet of forgive-me-nots.
Their golden age that never was fills us only with nostalgia.
Nostalgia.
A worldly will give you world beat music.
And as I said, like an old limp radio show, it can't be beat.
Oh, no, it wasn't originally a radio show, but that works that way anyway.
It sure does.
Oh, where's lonesome cowboy Dave?
Oh, he's home with his dog, taking care of his dog.
Dave would not leave his dog.
There were quite a few subgeniuses who preferred their animals to Bob.
A fourth mic is by Dr. Hal Live.
Oh, I see.
Sure enough.
It's pointing off into the distance.
Ah, it's the mysterious virtual microphone that was right there in front of us.
We just didn't see.
Papa Joe has been writing the great American novel over there on the side.
Yeah.
You know, there'll be rant-a-thons between bands tonight and after bands.
In fact, some of the bands are almost rants unto themselves.
I'm really looking forward to Monkey Hive, which will apparently destroy all of your favorite songs forever.
And you thought Evolution Control Committee had done that already.
But no, there's still a few more songs left to kill.
There's only one song you can't kill.
That's the song that refused to die, which literally went on for hours and hours and hours at a dock stock.
No way to mortalize it.
Yeah.
Before there were expedites, there were dock stocks, but they were too dangerous.
They really were.
You think this place is hard to get to and full of bugs?
Well, dock stocks were usually in Arkansas or Bolivia.
And that got pretty tricky.
Bigger bugs in both places.
Big bugs that live under the potty seats all around here.
Actually, we pointed out that that's the one place that's probably you will not find bugs.
It's on the underside of the chem toilets.
Well, I have an ass that disagrees with that theory.
It's a little bit too...
No, I can't hear you.
I can't hear anything.
I have the scars to prove that's not necessarily correct.
They won't breed down there, but they'll fly down there and wait.
I encountered several such mosquitoes waiting for just the right buttocks to descend upon the heavenly throne.
Ooh!
But you could sometimes fool them by holding your flashlight above the seat,
letting them, luring them out, and then whisking them away and planting yourself safely upon that porcelain altar.
That's another kind of butthurt, friends.
This has been a special butthurt X-Day, I think.
In fact, we have a Bobby...
We were going to give Bobby awards for butthurt, but they were too numerous to mention.
Honestly.
As Leguim pointed out the other day, some people get both cheeks hurt so badly that they have to grow a third butt cheek.
Just to survive.
Sometimes you can grow that underneath your jowls.
It could be underneath the other orifice.
Where a lot of people have excrement come out of that orifice as well, so it's only appropriate.
And of course, there's always the third nostril, so between that you're getting so many orifices in your face,
it's almost unfair to the rest of your body.
By the way, if...
We can't hear whether you can hear us.
So if some... everything is okay.
The music's not too loud.
The... good.
I'm used to doing this in headphones, you see.
Thanks for the sound check, folks.
Which I can turn up real, real loud.
When I do that, then I can hear, say, Papa Joe over there.
On the other hand, it's kind of good being deaf because most of what comes out of most people's mouths is not worth hearing anyway.
And you can sleep better from 2 a.m. to 3 p.m.

to 10 a.m. when the rave is continuing on all night long.
Oh, did that happen?
Did the rave continue all night long?
Until just before 6 a.m.
All right.
Well, that was the idea.
Oh, no, wait.
It wasn't a rave, was it?
Well, some people out there are a little agitated because they feel, you know, they wake up grumpy and put out because they didn't get a good night's sleep.
But that's all by design.
We're actually trying to put them in the proper mindset for X day.
Because when the excess saucers come, there's going to be a few people left behind to help clean up the mess.
And, you know, you don't want to be in a touchy-feely mood.
You need to be grumpy.
You need to be in a bad place in order to do what needs to be done at that time.
That won't be difficult for me if I know my X day history.
Well, you know, along a similar vein, Reverend Stang, perhaps now is a good time to make a public service announcement that the first and last annual
Wisteria Excess Executioners for Bob run will be occurring tomorrow morning at 10 a.m.
Oh, good Lord.
Yes, this is the first time I've heard of anything happening before.
Well, we have to keep this off the official schedule because it's very hush-hush, you understand.
We don't want to attract attention from ATF and other authorities.
But the general idea is that on X day, we can't just lay back and expect the excess to do all the heavy lifting.
Somebody has to roll up their sleeves.
And, you know, we're going to have to do it.
And help cart the cordwood and all the extra bodies and clear a way for the excess saucers to land and to root out those pinks and perhaps even your own boss, who was always getting on your nerves.
Show them his special hiding place and, you know, make sure that him and his family have a special place in the storage compartments of the excess saucers where the food and other rations will be held.
So the excess executioners for Bob need to be in a good place.
And they need to be properly toned and exercised so that they can help run down and track down like a good hunter, perhaps the Native Americans chasing after deer, on July 4th at 7 a.m.
Somebody has to do it.
It might as well be us.
So if you're up to it and want to do your little three-mile practice run, we'll commence there at 10 a.m. at Stalag 13.
That's Camp Death Site S13.
We'll take off there.
Go three miles and wind up at the death pool at the end of the course.

We'll go to the driveway.
Do a little dunk in that and see how many leeches we can collect.
And then hopefully come on back.
We'll provide breakfast for them and maybe we'll get a little breakfast ourselves with a pancake passing out a, what is it, manta from heaven?
Manta.
Yes, manta.
Manta from heaven.
In our case, praying manta from heaven.
And we'll enjoy that along with the rest.
Praying mantas from heaven.
We should be back at that time.
And we'll have our wet leeches to dangle from us like medals of pride to show that we completed the run.
And then 24 hours, we would have had our practice and we'll go for the real thing.
Speaking of leeches dangling from your skin, I must remind everyone the baptism is tomorrow at 3.30 in the pond.
Which if, I suspect, knowing my subgeniuses, most of you haven't walked that far.
Ever.
In your whole lives.
And we will try to provide a shuttle service down to the baptism.
And of course the 7 a.m.
Now I know that a whole lot of you, this is the one time in your year that you don't have to get up at 7 o'clock in the morning.
For me, it's just the opposite.
It's the one time I do have to get up at 7.
But we're going to do that down at 7.00.

We're going to do that down at the stone circle.
It's not called that because everybody is stoned.
It is a circle made of stones and it's very picturesque and makes a good target shape.
As seen from above.
Dr. Howe seemed to think that you were confusing days and hours and getting folks confused.
So let's go over those times.
Well, the baptism is tomorrow afternoon.
The meeting with the exes is at 7 on July 5th.

Dr. That's Tuesday.
You want to be baptized before.
Dr. The rupture or rupture as some call it.
Of course there may be some sort of baptism after 7 a.m. briefly when those who erupt into flame need to be tossed into the water in order to extinguish the flames.
So the spontaneous combustion of sorts.
It's total ecstasy.
You're going to enjoy it.
But just for fire marshal rules and regulations, fully flaming subgeniuses are not allowed on the fire.
They must be extinguished first before they enter the chute.
Dr. It's a formality.
It's just a safety precaution.
Dr. You don't know who didn't send the money in.
Dr. And of course they'll x-ray you with those new fancy x-ray machines where you look like a cheap computer animation to the security people.
But they can see where you've stashed your frop or your special mechanical brain implants.
Dr. It's a little sad.
I don't know.







And the rules and regulations and so forth.
Dr. Even on the saucers we have to observe certain rules and regulations.
And the fire marshal limitations on how many members can be on board is one of them.
So if you have been putting off getting your membership, you don't want to be that one person over capacity.
Dr. Right.
Only 144,000 are promised seats on the saucers.
Now fortunately I think we're only at 143,950 seats.


97. So there's three memberships left.
Three open seats.
Now, don't get us wrong. We talk about the world ending. The planet Earth will probably not be completely destroyed at all.
In fact, if you look at our book, Revelation X, there is a map of the United States, or what was once the United States, divvied up by certain control freaks, Dr. Drummond and myself.
And there's a special reservation for the remaining few thousand humans, I think, in the middle of Kansas or some really interesting place like that.
Did I mention that I have dibs?
Did I mention that I have dibs on the Grand Canyon?
Yes, I think you have gone over that.
I don't want to get in a fight over the Grand Canyon with any of your pleasure saucers.
Because, you know, we call them pleasure saucers, but they're also death stars, if that's what you want them to be.
You claim the Grand Canyon and Bryce Canyon.
Oh, you're right.
And I'll have a nice-looking death star.
I'll have a nice paint job.
I'll have a nice paint job on it.
If you're on the inside, it's a pleasure saucer.
If you're on the outside, it's a death star.
Exactly.
And, you know, some of you may look around and say, you know, 144,000 participants allowed on the saucer.
I don't have anything to worry about.
There's only 100 or so people here.
Well, you're not taking into account the multiple personalities, the people around you.
We may already be at capacity, and you don't even know it.
So if you haven't gotten that membership, don't wait.
Go ahead and get it today.
You don't want to be there and be that number.
144,000.
What a pain.
You'd be that close, that close.
And what's that money going to be worth?
These $30 is going to be worthless in any way.
So what are you holding on to it for?
It doesn't make any sense.
I think you're preaching to the saved.
Everybody here has their electrostimulo wristband.
Yes, but, again, do you have a membership for every one of those personalities?
You have to, you know, each personality needs its.
All your different personalities.
We don't write the rules.
We just follow them.
And, unfortunately, you know, it only makes sense.
It depends on which personality you're reporting to the saucer in.
But if you got it under one personality and your report is another, how are you going to be let in?
That doesn't make any sense.
Yeah, they're going to kick one of those personalities off.
They're going to inject it into space.
So you just think about that, Tommy Amoeba.
You may need to buy several memberships to keep up with all those.
And I know at $30 it's a lot.
But, you know, if this isn't the day, we're going to have to do it.

We're going to raise the price to $33.33.
There you go.
The golden mean.
Because that's how mean we are.
Inflation.
What can one do about it?
But as the 7 a.m. approaches, I mean, people are going to start having to use wheelbarrows just to haul the equivalent of $30 around.
It's going to be pointless.
People will use money for wallpaper, except they won't have walls anymore.
How many subgeniuses here joined up when it was only $20?
Raise your limb.
Oh, my God.
Fatman D.
She was only like seven years old back then.
And Nikki.
Yeah, Nikki was in Dr. Dark.
Yeah, that figures.
See, they got on board now while rates were low.
Biggie Mistoffelees.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Then anybody here joined it when it was $10?
See, most of those have already beat us to the saucers.
Actually, the funny thing is, the very first guy that sent us $10, Dr. Snavely Eklund, who founded the band Doctors for Bob.
I'm looking to see if he's here.
His employees, Sterno, Janer, and the people who became that band, all urged him not to.
They were going, no, man, that's just what they want you to do.
Don't send them $10.
Max, Snavely is now so rich that he has better things to do than be at X Day.
Think how rich you'd have to be for that, my friends.
He sold, he ran the only health food store in Little Rock, Arkansas.
And after a few decades, Whole Foods wanted it real, real bad.
But it takes more than just money to be able to afford to do that.
It also takes money.
It takes time.
Because the only reason Snavely's not going to be there is because he's actually built his own saucer.
And you can't do that at the last minute.
So you have to have the money.
You have to have the time.
It's much cheaper.
It's much more efficient.
It just makes more sense to put in the $30 and take the taxi.
Why go solo when you can go in a carpool?
I mean, it only makes sense.
That's how I got here.
It's more environmentally friendly, too.
Well, see, this is the problem with people with money.
They're not content.
They're not content to just have the money.
They also have to spend all the resources.
So you can't just have one SUV.
You have to have three of them.
And then if there's three of you going to the store, each one of you needs to drive one of the SUVs.
And you form a convoy.
It's a mindset.
You can't have one house.
You have to have seven of them.
You know, follow the climate.
Part of the whole point of being rich is to deny someone else something that you have.
It's not just you getting what you need.
It's stopping someone else from getting what they need.
That's the fun of it.
The hurting of the butts is part of the slack for many subgeniuses, I guess.
Some of us have had our butts hurt by our best friends so many times that we've built up a horny carapace, a sort of a shell on our butts.
I'd say I've got a pretty hard ass at this point after 30 years.
I'm not sure.
There seems to be a simple question, but I'll admit I don't believe in it.
Who hj alleine excombinato lato met uno dei abit neuvolo da mumo.

I don't even know.
Purely out of our search.
But there's still still us that seems like a joke.
Butossie Ms.
We've even won in a cold fightstone match.
So linked aですね weua weua af Mana debuta base ou'o guegactimai uson meua.
You know, boys and girls in theasında èúsica circulanò ala origineiarète in our
vecchania sai or unil omega are innocent eㅠmannacchi ?
An il 오 الد natura, fairy ni slonob تمontano mink 되 meusce decisiamina csak
my new body on the saucer,
I can get a normal
butt again.
And I might get an extra one or two other
things. I don't know.
You don't need any.
No.
Well, I wanted to be able to lend them out.
I feel so sorry for the one-penis.
You know,
I know if there's anybody here,
I don't mean to offend you or anything.
We don't look down on you just for
having one penis, especially
if you're a female. I mean, that's understood.
I remember
the day
somebody prophesied
that the sex goddesses
would all have
23 vaginas.
And Dr. Legume broke down
in tears, crying,
because he said,
I have 24
nicks!
But we don't know. We really don't
know these things for sure. There's a certain
amount of... Mystery is fine.
I don't have to have a stuffed
Loch Ness monster or
Bigfoot in my local museum
in order to believe in those things,
which I don't, by the way.
The Bigfoot
obviously is not
a stinky animal, they like to
claim, but
are immediate ancestors
in many cases.
Well, it's important to preserve a certain amount of the
shock and awe that is necessary
at that last moment. You don't
want everything revealed until then.
It's like someone giving you the
full synopsis of the movie before you
go and see the premiere.
You want to walk in there and have just the
expectation, but the uncertainty
that is about to... When you walk
up that chute
and through those saucer doors,
you don't really want to know
what you're going to see
until that very moment of divine ecstasy
strikes you, and oh, what a thrill
it's going to be. I can't wait, brothers and sisters.
I can't either.
I can just feel it in my bones.
Actually, I hate to remind you,
but we've been waiting for
what, 14 years
now? Yes, but we're finally in the right
place now. That could be it.
Well, but it doesn't matter where you are.
The
7 a.m. July 5th
starts at the International Date Line
in the middle of the Pacific Ocean,
and the first subgeniuses
to get ruptured will be the
subgeniuses on the island of Tonga.
There's only
two or three of them, so we
may not hear about it then,
but in theory, we should be able to watch
the rupture happening in
Australia and Japan
almost a day before it gets
to us here. I think they have
a time delay, though. The conspiracy
runs it through there. It's just an effort
to try to throw people off,
so I wouldn't be too depressed
if we don't see anything on
television. I mean, the revolution will not
be televised.
And another thing to remember is, what is
14 years away? I mean, most
of us waited that long before we had
sex. I waited a lot longer than
that. Well, you mean sex with
somebody else? Well,
the real sex, the pretend
sex, that of course
was much more lively
in the days when the imagination was more
active at a younger age. My
third grade teacher had to give me that lecture
when, yeah, that was
I think I've told that story too many times.
I got an award for it once.
From Wankers for Bob.
I got the special Wankers award.
For best wanking
story.
Took place so long ago, and it was so cute.
You know, since little kids.
Sex with little children, that's so funny.
And yet that's the only type of sex
that's illegal. It's cute when
the kids talk about it, think about it,
do it, but it's illegal when
the adults enjoy that.
And then when the older adults
do it, oh, it's disgusting.
I hear doctors for Bob
from thousands of
years ago.
How are you doing on this?
They're coming, Stang. What is the source
of your impatience? The Bobby Awards
aren't scheduled to begin yet.
No, it's just that
we'd love to hear you talk.
I didn't really expect to
Well, I don't have my glasses. It's difficult
for me to do this type of
work. And there are
a huge pile of them to do.
I'm just working my way through the
pile, but
There should be only ten.
A number were added.
Oh, I see.
So Bob's been channeling
through you too, huh?
And Dr. Howell doesn't just fill them out.
It's a work of art.
Each letter is delicately
and tenderly rendered
in his trademark style.
Just below the rainbow,
which is also on the
certificate,
somewhere under the rainbow
lies the subgenius.
We can all see this
little world down in the night.
Yeah.
I can scoot down here.
Now, there's this
Remember that I promised Nenslo
that I was going to see his poem
destroyed if I possibly
could.
Well, are we going to sing it?
You and Princess, we could if this would be
a good time for it.
Well, we'll try. Here comes another one of these
a cappella renditions.
But Nenslo's song is
so good that maybe it will survive
even that treatment.
Let's see.
Ready?
Ready.
The world ends tomorrow
they say and you may die
or maybe off to
Planet X in saucers you
shall fly. But only
if you first have sent your
thirty bucks to Bob.
And then you must repent, repent,
slack off and quit your job.
There was a day so long
ago when Yeti ruled the world
and heaven was a
Yeti boy in love with Yeti
girl. Or Yeti boy
with Yeti boy or Yeti
girls in pairs. Until
the tiny pink ones came and
filled the world with cares.
A devil came from outer
space to spread his misery
and subjugate the
Yeti race in wretched slavery.
He brought with him
a race of drones all dressed
in suit and tie and sent
them down to interbreed with
Yeti girl and guy.
Now the Yeti's pride and joy
their flowing fur is
gone. They work in office
cubicles and drive to work
at dawn. They know not
of the prairie squid, the pee
and poop dog hats or
pudding antidote for sperm
of those face fucking bats.
The human race's heritage
is only to obey.
To watch TV, to breed
more slaves, to go to work
each day. The human race's
history to which they
point with pride is just
a hundred thousand years of
brutal genocide.
For Yeti
though the day's too short to
spend it stacking stones,
licking piles of envelopes
or classifying bones.
We shall not spend our lives
as servants to machinery.
There rises in the
Yeti breast a yearning to
be free. Repent, repent,
repent, repent, slack off and
quit your job. Cash
your final paycheck and send
it all to Bob. Once
you break your shackles, there
is no turning back.
Now you surf
the luck plane. The sub
genius must
have slack.
Slack.
Written by
Nenslow and destroyed
at Hex Day.
The author of The Immortal
Take Me Off to Space.
Oh and many
other songs. Speaking
of songs, the Bob
Songs collections are
now up to numbers.
Well
there are more on the way.
Yes, they're actually
whatever happened to Bob Songs 7?
I turned Bob
Songs 8 into an hour of slack.
But 7
escaped. Somewhere
out in the world there's an album that we
never heard or
released or recorded or anything.
So if you happen to see
Bob Songs 7
collection creeping through the
woods, chase it down.
A must have
double bag item.
Hang it up and lynch it.
The rest of them
however you can simply buy at the
swag shack
there from our fine
swaggerts, the artists
of selling swag we call them there.
Well Bob feels the only thing
more holy than singing his
songs is to actually write and
sing one of his songs. So
perhaps you will be that latest
songwriter. Something, what
could be more holy than to write a Bob song
just before X day when you know
there's only one more day
to sing it. I've done that. When my
plane was endlessly circling and it
seemed it would never come down
I wrote a
Bobbly hymn.
Let's hear it.
Yeah, let's hear it.
Yes.
All right, let me do this.
I've sung it an earlier
X day and we tried to get
lonesome cowboy Dave to accompany
us but he got confused
or something. Anyway, it goes
like this.
X day
is here.
The mountains fall.
I cringe
and hide my
head.
I never sent
in.
My thirty
bucks. My soul
is filled with
dread.
Oh Bob,
won't you let me
live and all
that is mine I
John surely will
give. Oh lift
me away in your
great saucership
to my subgenius
home.
Oh
bear me away in your
great shining ship
to my subgenius
home.
I saw the pinks
and normals flee
the dreadful harvest
from the sky.
They run like chickens
to their doom
and none of them
knows
why.
Oh Bob,
please let me
live and all
that is mine I
John surely will
give. Oh lift
me away in your
great saucership
to my subgenius
home.
Oh bear me
away in your great
shining ship
to my subgenius home.

The towers of the proud
did fall.
There was no shelter
from that storm.
While from far above
the subgeniuses watched
in comfort safe and warm.
Oh Bob,
won't you let me
live and all
that is mine I













John surely will give.
Oh bear me away in your
great saucership
to my subgenius home.
Oh lift me away in your
great shining ship
to my subgenius home.
Then I awoke
and twas a dream.
My thirst for
flack's not in vain.
I'm fine.
I wrote out a check
to Ivan Stang
and signed the bottom
line.
Oh Bob,
won't you let me
live for now in
true slack I most
surely will give.
Oh lift me away
in your great shining
ship to my subgenius home.
Oh bear me away in your
great silvership
to my subgenius home.
There.
There.
It's all right.
It's all right.
I have to write this too.
I'm going to give you
for my honor.
Don't cry.
It'll all be better soon.
Has Piss Baptist John Shirley heard that song?
Yeah, he approved that.
Because if you invite him, you're going to give all your money to John Shirley.
No, no, no, no.
All that is mine I, John Shirley, will give.
He's going to give all his money to you.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
So John Shirley's singing the song.
Yeah, well, John Shirley is just a name, you know, like John Barleycorn, John Henry, just
a given name.
Or any John Doe will surely give his money to Ivan and the Church.
Yeah.
Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Come on down, you saucer man, and take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
space come on down you saucer man and take me off to space stick needles in my belly take samples
of my skin i don't care as long as i can live with saucer man i know that you don't take requests
but i'm a special case come on down you saucer man and take me off to space take me off to space
take me off to space come on down you saucer man and take me off to space take me off to space
take me off to space come on down you saucer man and take me off to space
hey cow mutilators let me join your crew give me a knife you bet your life i'll cut up cows for you
i don't care if you're some kind of ghastly fiend without a face
so come on down to saucer man and take me off to space
is
take me off to space come on down you saucer man
come down you tiny robot with your little nipper claws
you pale and bug-eyed alice
with white and clammy paws.
Life is just a sucker's dream and death is a disgrace.
So come on down, you saucer man,
and take me off to space.
Oh, take me off to space, take me off to space.
Come on down, you saucer man, and take me off to space.
Take me to space, take me off to space.
Come on down, you saucer man, and take me off to space.
Post Office Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118subgenius.com
But you know, he can work his way up at the 7-Eleven.
