But now, I want you to remember to stay good boys and girls.
Respect your mothers and fathers and do what they tell you.
Obey your teachers and learn a whole lot.
Now, if you do this, I'll make sure you get good presents from me every year.
But if you're bad boys and girls, your name goes in the bad boys and girls book.
And I'll bring you something horrible.
The Soap Genius Hour of Sweat.
A toast!
To Santa Claus!
To Santa Claus!
11-6-7-8
Better stay up late
9-10-
Santa's comin' again!
Yeah!
Nicely done, Santa!
Now, Dasher! Now, Dancer! Now, Prancer and Vixen!
On Comet! On Cupid! On Donald and Fredson!
Now, DASH AWAY!
DASH AWAY!!
That's who I am!
Who were they, number six?
Who let you in?
What are their names?
There's an organization, isn't there?
Dissidents.
Who's the head man?
Santa Claus.
Daddy, when's Santa be showing with his big red sack?
Moving on, tools.
Riding his gear.
Oh, Prancer.
Oh, Vincent.
Oh, what a great book.
It's that time of year.
Guess I've got all the luck.
And you, Mrs. Claus, are you ready at last?
Your coal is ready.
I'm bumped up with gas.
So this Christmas time is my time of year.
Get your sweet bones cooking, let's get into gear.
Say this red sack is packed and it's ready to roll.
Your love, damn women, is from their heads to their toes.
Time to pack.
Up the sled.
Make that be trick.
No time to complain.
Don't forgive me.
Don't let dear counten on me.
It's Christmas time.
Deliver my loan if I don't.
It's a crime.
Through the cold north sky, I fly in my sled.
Don't need no radar.
I'm using my head to direct my nose to your good fun.
I'm tickling your fancy till the morning comes.
I'm psyched up and I get it right.
Don't be scared.
I'm sick of all this.
Take all the fetish streets out.
All the women like to Christmas cheer.
Well, it is ready, St.
It's the cheer.
This is the story of old St.
Nick with his big red sack and his candy stick.
Flying back home with his beard so white.
He's licking that boom tang all Christmas night.
Oh, it's Christmas time.
It's my time of year.
Get your sweet hugs, boom, and let's get it here.
Say, let's get sex back.
It's ready to go.
All the lovely women from the top of their heads to their toes.
Oh, it's Christmas time.
It's my time of year.
Get your sweet hugs, boom, and let's get it here.
Say, let's get sex back.
It's ready to go.
All the lovely women from the top of their heads to their toes.
Oh, it's Christmas time.
It's my time of year.
Go to sleep, go to sleep, get your party here.
Say, let's get sex back.
It's ready to go.
All the lovely women from the top of their heads to their toes.
Yes, dear friends, Santa's Big Red Sack by Iron Liver with Brother Cleve Duncan and Dr. Felix Krul on vocals.
And yes, it is the Hour of Slack traditional Christmas show, which is, as always, composed of all previous subgenius Christmas shows.
But don't despair. I know the last five were exactly alike. But this time, why, it's half new. Thanks to an amazing Christmas barrage tape we got from the good Reverend Jerry, most aptly named subgenius.
Nutter, Reverend Jerry Nutter, a tape called The Hopes and Fears of All the Years.
Ah, yes, you know when those other tape editing geniuses and mad collectors help us out this way, why, it makes Slack so much easier to get in this hectic Saturnalia season.
By the way, I should also mention that we're doing this show entirely at home, so to speak. Most Hour of Slack shows are at least partly put together live on the air in the high-tech studios of KNON.
But since this show has to be ready two weeks ahead of time, I am forced to do it here at Bulldada Time Control Laboratories, which may help to explain the lack of background music.
And my own.
My own lack of the terror of, oh my God, we're live and thousands are ready to pounce on any screw-up.
Actually, I kind of hate doing shows without that panicky feeling.
And you may also notice the different ambiance, room sound, air noise, or smells, or what have you.
The background sounds like squeaky chairs, or differently squeaky chairs.
The background sounds like squeaky chairs, or differently squeaky chairs.
The background sounds like squeaky chairs, or differently squeaky chairs.


Dogs barking, and the nuclear reactor thunking away, and the whimperings of the sub-bobbies.
And, of course, poor old Will of Dobbs laboring away over there.
You there, Will?
I'm right here, sir.
Over there across the warehouse, supervising the mail order division, hauling canisters of souls down to the basement.
Anyway, all I want for Christmas, friends, is my two frontal lobes back.
And a stocking full of slack from Bob's own illegitimate dad, St. Nick.
Or Old Nick.
I can't remember which he prefers to be called.
Old Scratch, whatever.
Oh, yes.
So nice.
So nice.
Oh, so nice to hear Reverend Yukon Jack's Christmas themes again.
From his kitty cat singing to you, dear friends.
Yes, this is, uh, listen, for those of you doubtful about the hour of slack,
stay tuned because I'm going to be playing.
I'm going to be singing a Christmas carol so horrible, so anti-human, so absolutely,
I mean, believe me, you want a tape of the song, the Christmas carol,
that I'm, recorded right here in Dallas by six sick minds.
I'm going to be singing a Christmas carol so horrible, so anti-human, so absolutely,
I mean, believe me, you want a tape of the song, the Christmas carol, that I'm going to be playing.
Oh, tidings of trembling and fear, trembling and fear.
Oh, tidings of trembling and fear.
God love ye weary citizens, for it is such a shame
To think of cruel injustices all done in Jesus' name.
Remember when you go to church, believers are to blame.
Oh, tidings of trembling and fear, trembling and fear.
Oh, tidings of trembling and fear, trembling and fear.
Oh, tidings of trembling and fear.
God help ye weary citizens, you've all been taken in
By priesthoods waxing rich and fat upon your fear of sin.
Though you may knock at heaven's door, they will not let you in.
Oh, tidings of trembling and fear, trembling and fear.
Oh, tidings of trembling and fear.
God save ye weary citizens.
For this who made ye sick.
Said Christ was just another Jew they nailed upon a dick.
He couldn't save himself, you know religion is a trick.
Oh, tidings of trembling and fear, trembling and fear.
Oh, tidings of trembling and fear.
Oh, tidings of trembling and fear.
Oh, yes, and we have also another...
Dammit, where's my script?
Yeah, a new, that is new this month, 1990 new Christmas carol.
Or actually it's an X-mas, no, an X-ist-mas carol.
Not an X-mas carol.
From the mighty Soso Dada Clanch in Elizabeth, New Jersey.
And you'll have to listen close to the lyrics because I believe this one is supposed to be
being sung by the X.
X-ists.
Black Boba.
Propping in the hay.
With honey and some cutters.
They're on exit 3.
Exit will come on 1.
Must be on day 1.
And we will have some slack.
Squat front pop up.
Do the thingy, yag, yag, yag, yag.
Yag, yag, yag, yag, yag, yag, yag.
We'll mess us up.
Black Boba.
Slack Boba.
Propping in the hay.
Hey, yag, yag, yag, yag.

Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Black Bob, Black Bob, Black Bob.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
And I'm on my way with happiness for little girls and boys.
Five multiple head rockets.
All tied to the controls in the war room of the Pentagon and targeted on our enemies.
But the only person authorized to push the button is...
Yes?
The President of the United States.
Precisely.
But we're not at war, and he's not about to push that button.
Quite right.
Not that button, and not knowingly.
But there are buttons and buttons.
I still don't...
Like the button that will turn on the lights on that beautiful Christmas tree.
On the White House lawn?
Right.
You mean to say that button is tied into the rocket launch system you just showed me?
Now you're getting it.
It's tied in by a remote control circuit I secretly installed.
And when the President pushes the button that lights the tree...
Good Lord.
For a brief moment, the lights will go on.
And then a bomb concealed in one of the tree ornaments will detonate,
destroying everyone in the immediate area.
Including the President?
Especially the President.
And simultaneously,
five beautiful rockets will soar like avenging angels through the night sky.
And when they reach their targets...
Merry Christmas, everyone!
In the minds of all beings, let's penetrate the sacred radiation.
With your fiery incendiary missiles of mercy,
turn out the hate and normalcy which has sought to subdue our church and our abnormality.
Sure, let's go in.
And with your cleansing radioactive...
Hold your breath till nothing human exists.
And now...
...Sugarion Dunk blew off the air and charged it to a million energy-efficient particles.
Give!
Give, folks!
Give a little to poor old Santa Claus!
Give what you can so thems ain't got hardly anything at all!
You can have a little Christmas cheer!
Give! Give!

Somebody'll hit like an atom bomb when he comes, when he comes.
You'll...
For those of you out there who enjoy the latest in new music...
You'll...
Ho, ho, ho!
...Hurrah!
Back we go!
...Hurrah!

Oh, dear friends, this is Magic Moes.
What is it? What is this?
Say, do we have any druids in the audience?
Well, hi, yeah. This one's for you.
Magic Moes and his royal rockers here.
Have yourselves...
...a groovy little solstice.
...a groovy little solstice.
Why won't you voice a little comfort next to them?
It's not a treat.


Now it's your time to go.
Because we'll never go out today.

No- texted!
No- telephonic calls.
Solstice, nosh out on druid food.
Yeah, make little pigs of yourselves.
Then we'll all dance naked in a festive mood.
If you are a dazzling urbanite,
a smug suburbanite,
hey, that's cool.
You don't have to lead a boring country.
Life to groove our natural life
as a rule.
Someday soon,
we'll all dance nude together
if utility rates allow.
You know, those funky Boston Edison guys, you know.
Until then,
we'll don our ritual robes and bow.
To have ourselves a groovy little solstice now.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.

Take it away, guys.
Oh, yeah.
All you pagans out there
ought to get into this special Christmas show
here on the Hour of Slack.
This is Magic Mose and his royal rockers.
So, are you all having a good time this evening, huh?
I sure am.
Aren't you?
Yeah.
Are they putting booze in the drinks tonight, huh?
Mm-hmm.
Oh, yeah.
Well, remember, folks,
the more you drink, the better we sound.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The better I feel.
The more you drink.
Oh, yeah.
Praise Bob.
Oh, it may be witchcraft.
The royal rockers, ladies and gentlemen.
Aren't they wonderful?
But it's wonderful.
It's wonderful.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
The boys thank you.
Bye.
Thank you.
Oh, love.
Okay, we're swinging now.
I'm not afraid of the cold or the dark.
All my life I've lived in the cold and the dark.
Well, who are you, little girl?
I am Greta Vilna.
Please help me, Sandy Claus.
Sure, sure, I will.
But where do you live?
I don't live anywhere now.
Don't you know the house or the street?
There are so many houses all alike.
So many streets all alike.
Oh, you poor little girl.
This is terrible.
Please don't cry for me, Sandy Claus.
I'm not afraid for you.
I'm not afraid for myself.
Only for my papa.
Where's your papa gone?
To a newspaper office.
A newspaper office?
What newspaper?
I can't remember, but he had to go.
And I'm afraid they'll send him away to prison like they did at home.
No, they won't, miss.
Newspapers don't ever send nobody to prison in America.
They only try to help the police.
The police.
That's where I better take you, miss.
To the police station.
Oh, no.
There's no Sandy Claus.
I'm afraid of police stations.
Why?
Because people who go to police stations hardly ever come home again.
Not here, miss.
Why, if that was so in America, there wouldn't be enough jails to hold them.
Now you come on.
I gotta get you out of this cold and snow.
No.
Please, Sandy Claus.
Don't take me to the police station.
Only two shopping days.
Two Christmas days.
And I'm not going to be able to get home.
Well, I hope you've done all your shopping by now.
If you haven't, you can go ahead and go running out to the department stores.
Even now.
But you might prefer to stay home and get in the Christmas spirit this afternoon.
Oh, dear.
It is turnover.
The time of the year when all things sell.
The end of the year sale.
Oh, yeah.
So come and get it, everyone.
And just buy our products.
Now, are we, is Chris, I'm a little confused about what Christmas is all about.
Are we celebrating the birth of Santa Claus or his death when they nailed him?
Well, that's the ancient, ancient subgenie.
But the present subgenie try to make sure that we have our inventories cleared by now and sell everything to the pigs.
Oh, yes.
Once a pagan holiday and now a shopping season.
And it was something else.
In between there, before it was, after it was a pagan holiday and before it was a shopping season, it was something else.
But I think they started the war over it.
Yeah.
Well, friends, we've got our own special Christmas carol that we're going to play that we're inventing as we go right now.
X is missed.
From the town.
Snap.
Sound system.
Oh, ho, ho, ho.
Oh, ho, ho, ho.
Oh, ho, ho, ho.
Oh, ho, ho, ho.

Oh, ho, ho, ho.
Oh, ho, ho, ho.
Come on, come on.
From Bunch Bunny.
Who do you want?
It's He-Bob.
Hey, kids, you can help the mighty subgenius Christ overthrow the evil normals with shopping, shopping, everybody shopping, 11 more days to Christmas.
Each so separate, each so separate, each so separate, each so separate, you from Tonya.
Now you are in my evil clutches, Bob.
I'll let you know.
I'll use this MTV bombardment to turn you normal.
Shut up, pink boy.
No way.
I'll never sell out to the conspiracy.
Taste a little of my rocket pipe, alien tool.
Bob Dobbs comes with rockets, pipe, head launcher, Janger device, all Yaka-tisma, fighting Jesus, and other action figures sold separately.
Some assembly required, batteries not included.
This toy falls apart in three days.
He-Bob.
Welcome, Westland.
Welcome to the Masters of the Universe.
Too much is always better than nothing.













I'm a chocolate space cadet.
Life support system down to zero coco.
Feeling spacey.
Absolute.
Well, friends, what do you think?
Is it the nativity of Santa Claus that we're trying to celebrate here, or is it the horrible
death of the Santa Bob, dear friends?
Santa Claus is Santa Bob, as he's been referred to in some early pre-scriptures.
Now we need roller skates for Fanny and a bicycle for Annie.
And don't forget the pie for dear old dad.
Oh, that pie.
We just thought of something funny.
Where the heck do we get money?
We get it all from J-Bob.
Bob.
Bob Bob.
Bob Bob Bob.
Bob Bob Bob.
Bob Bob Bob.
Bob Bob Bob.
Bob Bob Bob.
Bob Bob Bob.
Bob Bob Bob.
We're eating've we'n
Why, daddy.

So, who'd like to play some wonderfugly dice and show them to Daddy?
Daddy dive!
Daddy인이 go get the dice!
At the bat bat gather here at theurogiggy.com we presentため la survey, your�
Father Kaz haven't been parted from to desperate giving.
And that's really the fun of ISA.
Yes, he's right.
Good luck to everybody.
A three-year supply of Libby's frozen fruits and vegetables.
A $2,000 Moray diamond ring.
A new Ford custom-built station wagon.
On the fourth day of Christmas, my true love sent to me...
A complete steered.
A three-year supply of Libby's frozen fruits and vegetables.
A $2,000 Moray diamond ring.
A new Ford custom-built station wagon.
On the fifth day of Christmas, my true love sent to me...
From Mandeville, five-in-one combination radio, television, phonograph, wire recorder, and bar.
A complete steered.
A three-year supply of Libby's frozen fruits and vegetables.
A $2,000 Moray diamond ring.
A new Ford custom-built station wagon.
On the sixth day of Christmas, my true love sent to me...
A new Ford custom-built station wagon.
Fixed $100 hats.
A Mandeville five-in-one combination radio, television, phonograph, wire recorder, and bar.
A complete steered.
A three-year supply of Libby's frozen fruits and vegetables.
A $2,000 Moray diamond ring.
Like I said, bone face.
You hear the thunder here.
But I feel the punch here.
Feel the punch.
The key man, you, from the Masters of the Universe Collection.
Bring grace, obey.
We're gonna rock and wrestle.
We'll wait.
Illusion is the ultimate weapon.
Doll that stands up.
She's new.
From Kenner.
Where illusion is the ultimate weapon.
We must buy our toys.
We have devised a marketing scheme for children's toys.
They will empower us to resist us.
You will use your church as a vehicle to bring these toys before the public.
It will be a whole bother for kids.
Do you understand and accept this lesson?
For the usual plus expenses.
Good.
This covenant
has been recorded
in the archives of reality.
Okay, I think for the girls we'll have the strawberry rainbow, rainbow bite.
And for the boys,
a little tiny transformer.
Robots will change into dollar bills and back again.
Yes.
But how will they?
How will the battle of good against evil be represented in your marketing schemes, human?
Good at what the most?
Good.
Good!
The primitive Earth societies should accept this value judgment.
Good will have great physical attributes
according to human desires.
Sexual desires latent in children brought out through the vehicle of this so-called
Skull farmers told these boys at church.
That is not good.
Skull farmers.
That's good.
I think that makes sense to the humans.
Skull farmers.
Little wind-up bobs.
Hundreds of little bobs.
Each whispering their messages in the night to the little children as they sleep.
Too much is always better than not enough.
Too much is always better than not enough.
Too much.
Too bad.
Too bad.
Too bad.
Too bad.
Too bad.
Too bad.
Too bad.
Too bad.
Too bad.
When everybody sells,
We're all selling.
we all have something to sell.
Yes, everyone selling together mighty symphony of prosperity.
Chocolatey pebbles from you know who?
I'm a chocolate space cadet.
Hey mom.
Hey dad.

Can we have some polyester hose for breakfast?
Sure, son.
All of us moms have TVs,
so we know that polyester hose are just chock-full of conspiracy genetic coding
and administrative byproducts.
That's right, Mom.
One serving of polyester hose can turn your blue-collar children
into what appears to be a bag of pink pus
stuffed into a white shirt and tie.
And remember, there's a whole dead executive in every can of
Chucky-style polyester hose.
You have lost your reward.
Here we go.
You shall enter heaven as a servant without a single soul to your credit.
It's unfair.
Show him his record.
The ceaseless ages of eternity is an awful price.
It is an awful price to pay.
Mom, Buck's calling you.
And we do, we're gonna, we're gonna seriously address this issue,
but in the meantime,
we have the problem of who is the Santa Bob?
Were there any readings here on the Santa Bob?
We ought to talk a little bit about Weir Bobs and Ima Bobs tonight, Reverend Stang.
I can sense a little bit of that coming on Red Reverend Stang.
The Weir Bobs and Ima,
those who have the psychosis that convinces them that they are the Santa Bob.
Or that they're Santa Bob by night.
And they go shuffling through the snow on their nameless, hideous errands.
The grin of Bob and the beard of Santa Claus and the pipe of the Lord stuck on their face.
They stop using the locks of their doors and they just kind of float in through the keyhole.
On the seventh day of Christmas, my true love sent to me
7,500 cans of Campbell's delicious soup.
Six $100 hats.
Amandaville 5-in-1 combination radio, television, phonograph, wire recorder, and bar.
A complete steer.
Santa's on a diet.
He was forced into exile to a San Fernando Valley health spa
where they forced him to take off his clothes.



And embarrass him.
And derail him in front of his reindeer.
Who fled in confusion and hunger into the sky.
This one, dear friends, is Santa Claus is Coming to Rape Your Wife by a band called Mechanical Sterility.
The story of Santa Claus is coming to Rape Your Wife by a band called Mechanical Sterility.

The singer, I think, is Reverend M. Schaefer of the Church of the Subgenius.
Listen to this beautiful, beautiful song.
Ah, yeah.
Santa Claus is coming to rape your wife.
Santa Claus is coming to rape your wife.
Santa Claus is coming to rape your wife.
And he's got a big knife.
Santa Claus is coming to rape your wife.
Hey, Santa Claus.
Santa discern it by heart.
We call!
Santa Claus is coming to rape you.
Santa Claus, Santa Claus is coming to rape you.
Here's the song.
Santa Claus is coming to rape you.
Santa Claus, Santa Claus is coming to rape you.
Santa Claus is coming to rape you.
Santa Claus is coming to rape you.
Santa Claus is coming to rape you.
Santa Claus is coming to rape you.
Here's the best song this giver would ever sing.
Santa Claus's coming to rape you.
Santa Claus is coming to rape you.
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
On the twelfth day of Christmas, my true love sent to me...
Well, $100 Volta wristwatches.
A Sherwin-Williams paint and varnish.
supply for your entire house inside and out. Venetian blinds and window styling
throughout by Kirsch Company. A general electric sink combining garbage disposal
unit and automatic dishwasher. A French maid for two weeks. 7,500 cans of
Campbell's delicious soup. Six $100 hats. A Mandeville five-in-one combination
radio, television, phonograph, wire recorder, and bar. A complete steered. A
three-year supply of Libby's frozen fruits and vegetables. A $2,000
Moray diamond ring. A new Ford custom-built station wagon.
Cut that out! A lot can happen to a kid in this hard-boiled town.
We just
deal too much with the seamy side, Harry. Actually, the people of a big town are no
worse than other people the world over. Yeah, more good than bad, even in the
seamy ones. I guess we kind of forget that. Yeah? We forget a lot of things, Harry.
That we only remember this time of year. Yeah. It's still snowing. Makes the old town
kind of pretty, almost. Yes.
It hides and softens the man-made ugliness. And in a moment, we'll return to the dramatic
and heartwarming climax of Prelude to Christmas. Perhaps I could interest you in this little
sparkler, the wild turkey flask. Comes in its own gift box, holds 200 milliliters, and we've
got eye-catching point-of-sale signs to let everybody know about them. A great stocking
stuffer, too. I'd love it. You guys are beautiful. Thank you. I mean, you have thought of me.

Of course. Of everything. Great packaging, collector's items, precious crystal, flask. You've thought of everything.
All this should lift your holiday sale. Now, I can really be on top of the world. And I owe it all to you.
Hello? Where'd you go? Where are you? Hello? Hello, spirit?
Where are you? Where are you? Where did you go?
He's got those holiday blues. Is that a dream? I knew it was too good to be true.
Merry Christmas to all! Ah, yes, dear friends. Christmas, the season of turnover, when the
shelves must be cleared. I can't get that car. I can't get that car. I can't get that car.
I can't. I can't. I can't get that car. I can't get that car. I can't get that car. I can't get that car.


to get this car right now, dear friends. You know, I got, after all these friendly calls,
I got one call from somebody who said, what are you all? The usual thing, the usual question,
what are you all trying to do? And I go, hey, we're trying to give you some slack, OK?
You know, they go, who's Bob? I said, well, give them your address. I'll send you some
some information or whatever you know i'll give the number at the end of the broadcast and they
and and this person you know i knew there was something that they weren't saying and finally
he goes well i just hope that it was something like i just hope that you know you can get right
with jesus or something like that just hung up he hung up that was the key point so he didn't want
to hear what i had to say back about that because you know see a subgenius has so much faith that he
not only can accept somebody making fun of bob stomping on a picture of bob he'll do it himself
he has so much trust and faith in bob bob is such a good friend that he can insult bob now we subgeni
i hate to get on my soapbox in the middle of a bunch of entertaining tapes but we subgeni may
be bad
you
, but our way of bad is holy is holy compared to the evil of so not all at all by any means but so
many american fundamentalists charismatics evangelicals etc in general of course they
and their corresponding types in iran russia libya south africa etc if you ask me are actually the
ace up the devil's sleeve wolves in sheep's clothing friends just like jesus warned about
five
where jesus and bob like we say our old drinking buddies got nothing against jesus it's just his fan club and
Now we aren't saying that bob is the ace of god's sleeve he's more like the smear on god's handkerchief
Just like you were me but the uptight
Rival cults they don't think god has a handkerchief. Oh, no because god's perfect. He doesn't even sneeze
We're made in his image except that we have all these nasty
hearts attached to us and we have to go in the the secret room the bathroom to do awful things
but god oh he's clean and pure according to them oh and he's male but he doesn't excrete juices
and sweat and smelly stuff out of him like we do because we sin oh yeah we all sin we're bad
we're worthless we're no good to god unless we sign a contract with his agent well friend
jesus himself he spouted just about as many great punch lines as bob probably more but and this is
true this is historical fact the very early mainstream christian church methodically censored
about half of the existing gospels about jesus they and this is i'm not kidding you can go to
any real bookstore and pick up the censored gospels that they finally found years later
they took out the parts where jesus specifically
said that every person had equal access to the lord and that you didn't need no preacher between
you and him that in fact was probably his main point now lost in antiquity that you were the son
or daughter of god just as much as jesus was or bob see but that's too humanistic for the
conspiracy christians so they they wiped out the subgenius gnostic christians anyway i'm going to
get off my soapbox we'll get into it
into the the hideous theological discussions coming up next week as we attack the bobbies
we interrupt this program for a special promotional announcement we turn
hey bob and the bastards of the universe will be back after this
happy happy holidays
silent night


, evil night, starring olivia hussey
pure delay
margo kidder
john saxon
if this movie doesn't make your skin crawl it's on too tight
right on right on right on right on
right on right on
right on right on
right on
right on right on
Truly, Rudy Ray Moore, bold and still beautiful.
Baby, I want to talk to you for this Christmas
because Christmas holds a lot of memories for me.
Baby, I've had a lot of hard times at Christmas time.
I can remember me and my brother when I was about six years old.
We hung our stockings up over the mantelpiece
and the health department made us take them down.
Baby, me and my brother wore tennis shoes so long.
Now, let me tell you how long we wore them.
We wore tennis shoes Indian summer, Easter, Thanksgiving,
Halloween day, New Year's, and Christmas.
Baby, we wore our tennis shoes so long
till we wore them out up to the name on the ankle.
When we got ready to lay down,
we didn't.
We didn't take them off.
All we had to do was fold them back, baby.
I remember my father well, you know.
My father used to wake up every morning with a headache.
He used to have, you know how tall he'd be.
He used to put a stocking cap on his head
and put a knock light in front of it.
Daddy would wake up with that thumping headache
and he said, the kids are saying, my head's hurting so bad.
I said, I don't know what Santa's going to get y'all for Christmas,
but he's going to bring it.
He said, I don't know what Santa's going to get y'all for Christmas,

So Daddy took that old rifle and went outside
and shot up in the air and come back inside
and told us the biggest lie I ever heard.
Said, kid, Santa just committed suicide.
So that we can celebrate future Christmases in peace.
Yet in thy dark streets
shineth the everlasting light.
Yet in thy dark streets shineth the everlasting light.
Yet in thy dark streets shineth the everlasting light.
The hopes and fears of all the years
are met in thee tonight.
So goes the ancient Yuletide carol.
You know, I'm not the only soldier
who says a little prayer inside when he hears it.
A little prayer that our United States keeps strong and free.
And this I know.
God helps those who help themselves.
And it's up to us, the American citizens,
to keep up our defense with a strong and free spirit.

a strong and free spirit.
And that's the light of freedom.
Let's keep that light burning for all the years ahead
by doing our part for defense.
On the fifth day of Christmas, my true love gave to me
five valiums,
four grams of hash, three pounds of grass,
two hundred reds, and a tab of yellow sunshine LSD.
Well, yes, Ivan, thanks for coming out to Dobstown here,
and I wanted to show you the Christmas nursery.
Oh, look at these little scamps.
And to think these used to be slackless children.
What did you kids say?
Great mom!
Oh, yes.
That's so darling.
Does that warm my Bob land or what?
Yeah, hey, would you like to use one of these kids?
Yeah, yeah.
Warm it up a little more?
They're available.
Yeah.
A discount.
All right.
Our subscribers, our church family subscribers,
can adopt one of these little scamps for a mere, oh,
couple thousand on top of your usual annual fee.
That's right.
Put them to work.
Take them home, put them to work.
They've been trained, and they'll do all sorts of tricks.
They've been trained to slack off.
Just try to get work out of some of these little guys.
Prince Bob!
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas!
God rest ye merry gentlemen.
Let nothing you dislike.
Remember Christ.
A fairy who was born on Christmas day.
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas!

Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas!





wheel again, Sergeant. What for? To wish him a Merry Christmas?
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas!
So many confusing issues at hand, including whether or not the Santa did actually die at the hands of the cavalry that day on the Mount of Skulls, or whether the over-modulation can be helped at some time in the far future.
So, friends, this is a song about...
Oh, I see, I see, I can control...
It comes in and out of here.
We can now control the hiss.
That means that their minds can likewise be controlled by subliminal messages planted in the hiss that goes out with this show.
Stay there.
Please stay there.
I'll be right back.
Remember, you are commanded not to be turned.
Merry Christmas!
Warner, the editor of famous magazine called Toilet Suck.
I'm sure you've heard of it.
Out of New Jersey, Toilet Suck is a fantastic cultural artifact.
And what we're playing right now, friends, is an album by this fellow.
It says,
The irritating sounds heard on this recording are not intended to be digested as reenactments of actual events.
Sounds based on personal activity.
Monsoon familiar mechanized calf Jesus.
And it is copyrighted.
The name of this tune is
The Manson Family Christmas.
Write.
Add.
Yeah.
Do all choices and immediately stop.
So let her with all my love,
say it from the what?




We're not going to die.
But we can't be going on this.
If we can't do, why is it?
Why do you have to sing them all the time?
It's just silk.
Dig, it's a game.
It's always been a game.
Shortly after Shady and I got new,
we should enjoy Creepy Coy's Lacta.
We have to let love happen.
Charlie is our love.
We are trying to love.
It's our one.
It's all happening now.
Listen to that beautiful
Charlie Manson Family Christmas.
Yes.
You know, those were different kind of family values,
I think, in those days.
But who says the 60s can't live again here in the 80s?
And now, your local multinational corporation
presents...
some energy-saving holiday tips from Mr. Abernathy.
Hello.
Your local multinational corporation has sent me to this remote point in Australia to prove
a point.
Conservation can be dangerous.
In this remote Aboriginal village just outside of Sydney, Australia, the natives were told
by their government to slow down in their consumption of gasoline and fossil fuels.
Unfortunately, the files in the government energy office on this town were lost.
So nobody bothered to tell them when it was OK to go back to normal energy use.
Sadly enough, this town has become the victim of what we call an energy surplus.
And the natives have been forced to convert many of their dishwashers, lawn mowers and
refrigerators into these homemade, energy-hungry miniature racing guards.
Boys and girls in the village between the ages of 18 and 20 are forced to use these energy-saving cars.


The village's owners, who are now in their 20s, must stay behind the wheels of these
primitive, high-speed and dangerous machines for up to 90 hours at a stretch, just so their
village can receive the next fuel shipment from their local multinational distributor.
And we'll keep on shipping at our usual rates, just so this little village can meet and surpass
its energy quota.
And to think, it's all because they kept lights off when it didn't have to be convenient.
This holiday season, why not turn on the lights?
Turn on all the lights in your house and keep them on for the rest of the year.
Maybe you'll make the load a little lighter on us here at Multinational.
And a winter reminder, citizens.
Carbon monoxide, the silent winter killer, lurks everywhere.
So if you have a gas stove, oil burner or open flame, make sure all the doors and windows
in the room are tightly sealed so that none of that nasty carbon monoxide can sneak in.
Thanks and happy holidays.
This is NewsHour.
I'm Mr. Abernathy, signing off from your town to you.
Scott, you made your choice.
When you rejected my word, you rejected me.
And to your eternal soul, you have found that only could you afford to give to God that
which was his.
But you could not afford to do otherwise.
The Senate still stands.
And as the leaves, into outer darkness, where there is wailing and gnashing of teeth.
Sir, please give me just one more chance, sir.
I don't want to go to hell, sir.
Sir, no, no.
Thank God I don't want to go to hell.
No.
No.
I await authority's pardon.
I don't know until tomorrow!
Oh, yeah, you bet I do.
Thank God.
a self-addressed stamped envelope to, got your pencil ready?
Bob, Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
That's Bob, P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
Stay tuned and praise Bob.
I'm dreaming of a white Christmas
Just like the ones I used to know
Where the treetops glisten and children listen
To hear sleigh bells in the snow
I'm dreaming of a white Christmas
With every Christmas card in my pocket
I write
May your days be merry and bright
And may all your Christmases be white
I'm dreaming of a white Christmas
With every Christmas card I write
May your days be merry and bright
And may all your Christmases
All your Christmases
All your Christmases
All your Christmases
May all your Christmases be white
All your Christmases be white
One, two, three.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob,
Praise Bob and Merry X-mas.
California oranges, Texas cactus,
We think you need a little more practice,
Throw them in the graveyard, cover up their feet.
JR Bob Dobbs can't be beat, yay!
Oh
