Awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to the subgenius power of SWAT.
And the race is on.
And if the first album wasn't hit.
It's time to break the rules.
On your mark, get set, go!
OBE and the tools.
On your mark, get set, go!
Forget what used to be.
On your mark, get set, go!
Forge a new territory.
On your mark, get set, go!
Take the leap, you must begin.
The race to the future is the race to win.
The race to survive, the course is last.
The race to defeat, the race to pass.
Free a new design.
On your mark, get set, go!
Unlock the void of your mind.
On your mark, get set, go!
Ignore the plastic scenery.
On your mark, get set, go!
Or entail yourself on the machinery.
On your mark, get set, go!
Law.
Cause' تي specificationbull a
The Time Is Isso
The Tipinho
The Neverending


That makes you come to saying
the Time is This!

Otherwise, take it from them, take it from them, you must take it from them now.
Oh yes, dear friends, OBE, you must take it from them now.
OBE, they're from their wonderful CD, it's got, yeah, OBE stands for Out of Band Experience.
This is their CD, Open Your Ear.
Open Your Ears, which also has a whole lot of subgenius songs by their other name, Kings of Feedback.
And you can, the OBE CD is real cheap, I think it's like five bucks or six bucks or something,
and you can call them at 1-617, you got that pencil ready?
It's an easy phone number, 617-LICK-OBE.
That's 617-LICK.
617-LICK-OBE.
Also at Box 221, Boston, MA, 02123.
Yeah, man, OBE can save you, and the Church of the Subgenius must save you,
even if it means you must die, or something like that.
Well, an hour, two hours ago, I did last week's show,
and now I'm doing this.
I'm doing this week's show, but in between, I had to do an interview with a very nice reporter
from Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh Weekly there, because we're doing a show in Pittsburgh,
which I'm about to tell you about, on February 17th.
This is my only real bit of news that, and I know you don't all live near Pittsburgh,
but, well, those WCSB listeners do, and those in Philly certainly do.
Okay, Pittsburgh.
Pittsburgh.
Eye of Horus Bookstore.
February 17th.
That's Friday.
That bookstore is called the Eye of Horus.
Now, they may decide that they're going to have too many people to hold it in the bookstore,
so you might give them a call if you're thinking about going to that show.
That number is 412-481-7887.
You Pittsburghians, that's 481-7887.
To find out at the last minute before February 17th,
whether it's going to be at the Eye of Horus Bookstore.
And it's a full classic revival with head launch-ins.
We'll probably do a watch smashing and the old short-duration marriage ceremony,
which we actually haven't done in about a year,
because I figure people will get tired of it, certainly the radio audience.
And I won't go into the Japanese revival, because you're not going to go.
And, uh...
And, uh...
What else have we here?
I'm looking through my little list of news.
I'm not going to try to sell you on the necessity of getting a connection to the internet,
so that you can talk to us back and forth better.
I could also say, why don't you start your own radio station?
And you can broadcast stuff.
Hell, I can't even...
They don't even allow me to broadcast here in Dallas, Texas.
No, sir.
It's too raw.
Too rough for the...
Polished ears of the Dallasians.
Uh-huh.
Well, I actually have a wonderful CD here that's nothing but Dallas bands,
who never get played on Dallas radio,
and I may just use a lot of that stuff.
With this, uh...
Yeah, what was I going to...
Well, I've got...
Actually, I've got...
Before I get into any of that,
I've just got some news and rants to get off of my chest.
Let's see how...
If this...
Rawr!
Uh, yes.
Now, keep in mind that the opinions expressed here
are definitely not the opinions of any radio station
or radio listener anywhere, probably.
I really don't care.
There's a radio station in, uh...
San Francisco
called...
A pink rock and roll station called KITS.
KITS.
In San Francisco, which, uh...
At 5 o'clock at night, they...
Well, a friend of...
A friend of ours heard, uh...
A, uh...
Hey, where's my...
Oh, there we go.
There's my volume.
A friend of mine heard...
Was listening to this station and heard them say,
At 5 o'clock!
Coming up at 5 o'clock!
The hour of slack!
Rawr!
Yes!
And this...
My friend tuned in, thinking,
My God!
This station is going to play the hour of slack?
And they proceeded to play...
An hour of classic rock.
Uh...
Classic 70s or contemporary rock.
You know, I mean, the stuff that you hear in the elevators.
And, uh...
They just thought that was such a funny title to call their show.
Them and Bill Gates with Microsoft
and his foolish Microsoft Bob.
Oh, they can have their Bobs.
But they cannot have that one true Bob
like you can.
Unless they spend...
$30.
In which case, those rich asses
can have a lot more Bob than you.
How about that?
$30.
Well, we shan't go into that.
Um...
Because, you know, friends, I'm not a new ager.
I want you to know that.
I am no new ager.
And I'm not speaking for every other subgenius.
But I'm a new ageist.
I'm an old cantankerous preacher.
And I...
I'm...
I'm kind of sick and tired of this...
This, uh...
Oh, well, everybody's opinion is equal.
That's not true.
Most people are...
Well, I don't want to say stupid
because, gosh, I mean, that's what makes Bob so special.
But...
So...
Duh.
So lacking in that...
Spark.
That spark of originality or eccentricity.
It's our abnormality power, my friends.
But the pinks, man, I mean, they...
It gets depressing.
Just as much for a famous subgenius TV star like myself as it does for you.
Hearing everybody griping about how they're a victim.
Oh, yeah.
Everybody's a victim nowadays.
They're whining about, oh, I can't get ahead in the world because they messed me up.
Oh, I'm a victim.
They've held me back.
Our people have been mistreated.
I hear that.
I hear that night and day, all that whining.
You hear it all day long on the liberal biased media.
But, you know, what weirds me out is that
what they're whining about is they're all saying they're victims of the liberal biased media.
All day long.
People on the radio and on TV and in the newspapers
complaining about how they're victims of...
and whining about how the liberal biased media...
The liberals.
Which means, you know, the satanists, you know, creatures, mud things, the evil, the queers, you know, the Jews, you know.
I know what that means.
And the godless, too.
I mean, it's all part of one.
But I'll tell you what, I'd like to admit that I'm a liberal, dear friend.
In fact, as far as I'm concerned, what these people call liberals are...
are middle-of-the-road-to-right-wing cranks.
I'm so damn liberal that I'd like to have all the liberals lined up against a wall and shot.
Right after forcing them to do that to all the conservatives.
I'm a patriopsychotic anarcho-materialist, my friends.
And, you know, it's the normal biased media is what it is.
It's the media trying to tell you that you can label somebody.
And, boy, it's amazing how...
Think about all those people you knew that when it was cool to be a liberal, they were liberals.
When it was cool to be a feminist, they were feminists.
Now it's cool to be a conservative, so they're conservatives.
It's so nice to know that people put so much...
Oh, they've wised up now.
Right? Yeah.
Uh, so, um...
Oh, you can tell they've wised up because, um, here in...
Oh, the news lately, friends.
It's the Dallas Morning News.
That's to talk about liberal biased media.
Heh. Heh. Heh.
Um...
Uh, yeah.
Plano Schools, uh, here.
This was a wonderful paper.
Science Book Creating Dissent.
Plano...
That's a... Believe it or not, that's a little town, or a suburb of Dallas.
Plano.
School trustees are considering use of a science textbook that some critics say espouses a thinly disguised version of creationism.
And it sure does.
And this was the entire school board, or not the whole school board, but most of the school board in Plano.
You know, this is the typical thing of these people going, uh,
Yes, we just want more family values in our schools.
And then when you elect them, then they go,
By the way, we are members of the religious right.
That's the polite term, you know.
I don't... I'm sorry, I think that's too polite.
I prefer to call them religious nuts.
Religious fanatics. How about that, okay?
Because get this!
Um...
This book called Of Pandas and People
is something that this... these...
brilliant Texas school board people want to put in the classrooms.
Um...
Now critics have branded the text as a thinly veiled religious dogma.
They note that the words creationism and God
are purposely absent to skirt a 1987 Supreme Court decision that banned discussion of biblical creation in the classroom.
Actually, I think people should be able to discuss biblical creation.
But!
Get this stuff, man.
The book argues that living things are too complex to be explained by natural causes.
It maintains that they began fully formed.
Fish suddenly appeared with fins.
Birds with feathers as the handiwork of an intelligent designer.
No, I don't know.
This whole... this whole article seems to disprove the...
that there's an intelligent...
If it's an intelligent designer, friends,
it has a sick,
sick,
sense of humor.
Uh, the book makes a point of avoiding creationist red flags.
For example, it does not assert that the Earth is less than 10,000 years old,
or refer to the story of Noah's flood.
So, you know, they've like, cleaned it up.
Now it's not God.
It's the handiwork of an intelligent designer.
We won't...
Well, we believe that the... it was...
the Earth was created 10 thou... 4,000 years ago,
and God put... invented carbon dating,
to test our faith,
and invented geological...
the geological record in the apparent age of fossils,
and the apparent, uh...
uh...
activity going on throughout history of evolution.
That was just a... a... a red herring
to test the faith of those godless scientists,
and it serves them right to go to hell,
because, you know, friends,
what it comes down to
is it's not that those people love God so much.
It's that they love the idea of you and me
going to hell.
That's what keeps them going.
Well, this... the guy... this, uh, school board guy,
defen...
He denies that pandas is closet creationism.
Sure, it has theistic implications,
or religious implications,
just as Darwinism has atheistic implications.
Well, friends, uh, probably, um, the parents...
And then that's what's been happening.
The parents get together and go,
God, I didn't know we were, uh,
uh, electing these, uh, nuts.
But then they did know they were electing, uh,
Kay Bailey Hutchison here in Texas.
She's our new senator.
She was running against a Democrat
who was, uh, an... like a... a... a...
conservative.
Very, very conser...
fiscal conservative Democrat.
You know, I wasn't too sure about this...
things like gays or people, too,
or anything like that, but, uh...
But instead, uh, he... uh... uh...
he's a.... a... a...
a responsible Democrat.
Uh, and everything's gonna be, uh...
uh, fair and square and honest
and no more of this silly mucking around.
Uh, you know, now the... the, uh...
the new Republicans are gonna save us and so forth.
Kay Bailey Hutchison wants Congress to freeze
any new government action under the Endangered Species Act.
Uh, no.
According to...
The Republican introduced legislation Wednesday
that would prevent the federal government, uh,
tree-hugging damn Democrat bureaucrats from listing any new species as endangered or threatening,
pending congressional rewriting, blah, blah, blah, of the Endangered Species Act.
So in other words, I'm sorry, it doesn't matter if those animals are just about to die out
and their spleens are the things that cure cancer, and we just don't know it yet.
You know, it's all or nothing.
That's what they're trying to make it look like.
Everybody's either one of those things or another of those things.
When was the last time you heard about even something so normal as the libertarians?
Much less us patriot, psychotic, anarcho-materialists who happen to believe that
no matter who's in charge, they're going to be tools of the conspiracy,
the conspiracy of the normals, friends.
It's not Republicans or Democrats that are victimizing anybody,
although they all do, and we all victimize everybody.
But it's the normals, the winning team, whatever the winning team is, boy,
that's the one that's going to earn their loyalty.
And just before I, you know, like I say, I hate to find myself appearing to defend
something as corrupt as the Clinton administration, for instance.
But!
Get this.
Okay, there's this survey that was done.
Los Angeles Times did a poll and tested attitudes towards various contrasting agendas
by asking Americans to choose between the competing proposals in five distinct areas,
but not identifying the alternatives as Clinton or Republican ideas.
In other words, they said,
Well, do you think...
Let's see.
Do you think the assault weapons bill should be repealed?
You know, all these different subjects.
Do you think we should school illegal immigrants?
Do you think we should do this?
Should we build more prisons or spend money on prevention?
You know, should we throw all the marijuana smokers in jail?
Or should we give them jobs?
You know, whatever.
Just this ridiculous stuff.
But they wouldn't say whether it was Republicans or Clintoners.
They would say it was Clinton.
In all but one instance, those surveyed backed the Clinton alternative by margins of two to one or greater.
And in most cases, the support was consistent across racial, income, gender, and ideological lines.
So, in other words, they go up to any American on the street,
most of whom would tell you that they're behind the, you know, the winning team agenda contract against abnormals,
and, uh...
and, uh...
and, and you, you, you, you specify, you know, what do you think about this, that, or the other?
Do you think we should do this?
Do you think we should do that?
And they'll go, oh, no, definitely don't, you know, don't do that.
God, it'd make things worse.
Then they'd say, well, that's what, you know, the Republicans said.
And you said you wanted what Clinton says he wants.
And then, of course, they go, well, that can't be because, you know, Clinton...
Didn't he make out with girls or something that he's not married to?
I mean, I heard something like that.
Didn't he kill everybody?
So...
And he probably did.
Or if we gave him half a chance, he would.
I sure as hell would.
God, put these creatures out of their misery.
But, oh, but here's the one to top it off.
I will play tapes and music, friends.
I just gotta share this with you.
In the wired subgenius era...
Whoa.
Excuse me!
Excuse me!
We're trying to do a radio show.
It's probably the conspiracy.
Yeah, that's what it was.
Oh, it's a fax.
It's a fax coming in.
Well, that's good.
You can fax the subgenius foundation, friends, at 214-320-1561.
We'll give that number again at the end of the broadcast.
A friend of ours was poking around in America Online,
and they feature Wired Magazine in there.
And he...
You can kind of...
Users of that system, that closed system, America Online,
can leave little messages there for other people to read.
Well, there apparently is a Wired subgenius part of the magazine.
I didn't know about that, and I haven't looked at it yet.
But somebody left a little message there saying,
I am writing a book on the true history of the Church of the Subgenius
and its ties to the weather underground, the Sendero Luminosa,
and other fringe radical groups.
If anyone that has not already contacted me has any information about the Church or its core members,
please write to me.
For obvious reasons, privacy and anonymity will be strictly respected.
And this is signed, and you can...
If you have email, you can send this man what you've learned.
His address...
Oh, no, I shouldn't do that.
I shouldn't do that.
We'll keep that online.
I'm sorry, but...
Anyway, that's the letter that was posted out there.
You know, friends, I thought I'd seen everything.
Obviously, this alert citizen and master detective has figured out a whole bunch of things that none of us knew about.
You know, he must have already deduced that,
even though the phone number, address, and email address of all the main church evildoers
are plastered over everything we've ever published,
to ask us would do no good, you know,
because we'd just keep telling our cover story over and over again.
About how, oh, it's just a joke.
No, it's a religion.
No, it's a joke.
No, it's a religion.
No, et cetera.
Praise Bob, friends.
Our red herring worked.
He's trying to figure out our connections to the weather underground in the Sendera Luminosa.
And, you know, that'll keep him from figuring out the real ties to the Symbionese Liberation Army
and the Branch Davidians and the Illuminati.
Not to be confused with the Illuminati.
And the CIA and the Flat Earth Society.
So, man, God, what a fool.
By the time this guy's on to us, the globe will be ours, friends.
He's the only one who stands in our way, though.
Whoever it was that already contacted this guy, I'd like to shake your hand.
And I think we, you know, well, this is what we said on the net,
that everybody should contact him and tell him everything we know
about the arms sales to Comini and the secret love affairs with Senator.
Oh, yeah.
Phil Graham and Dr. Legumes Hell's Angels connections.
You know, it's a quest, friends.
At last, a quest.
And that, oh, I almost forgot.
There's one other example of church truth inspiring laughable gullibility.
Our friend Steve runs the Flying Lemur,
which is a wonderful bookstore for weirdos in Lakewood, Ohio, in Cleveland.
And a lot of folks hang out there at the Flying Lemur
and yak about the same oddball subjects as the books that Steve sells.
So these young folks come into the bookstore, right,
and start yakking about things.
They tell Steve that they're worried about their friends
because their friends have sort of gone over the edge
about some impending saucer landing.
And they've heard, these friends of these kids talking to Steve, the bookstore owner,
these friend kids have heard that something really big,
seriously, is going to happen on July 7th or 5th or something, 1998.
And they're going to throw this rave near Akron this week.
And they're building a giant wooden pyramid to contact aliens or some such.
And they're telling Steve that, you know, hey, our friends are off the deep end.
They're taking this stuff seriously.
And Steve goes, oh, they're just subgeniuses.
You're being put on.
See this book, Revelation X, blah, blah, blah.
And these kids look at it and they go, yeah, that's the day.
That's it, July 5th, 1998.
Yeah, yeah, and something about Planet X.
But they didn't say anything about this Bob guy or this church or any of this stuff.
I don't think they've run into it.
I don't think they know about this.
They're dead serious.
And somebody's convinced them about this alien thing.
And they're acting like nuts and building landing strips.
And they really had, these, had never heard of the church of the subgenius.
And yet they were acting upon the advice of the book of the subgenius.
Hmm.
Now, friends, you know, this is a case of a tiny portion of Dobbs' teachings getting,
taken just a bit out of context and wreaking havoc on young Pobucker minds.
What was that?
What was that?
Why, that background music must have been running like, that was the other, the other mixed board.
So anyway, our friend Steve decided to turn it around.
He's going to show up at this Akron rave with a briefcase and wearing a nice three-piece suit
with his hair in it.
And he's going to walk up to the kids that are hidden in the back and smoke with a pipe.
And he's going to walk up to the diluted kids that are, who've been, will have been pointed
out to him in advance.
And he'll give each of them, he'll walk up and hand them a copy of subgenius pamphlet
number one.
Say, you've, Bob told me you have your name on this, or this has your name on it and it
will have their name on it.
And then he'll disappear.
He'll walk away.
You know, cause the idea of a bunch of innocent dumb ass Akron, redneck kids worshiping exes,
and waiting faithfully for X day, but without the knowledge necessary to get them the subgenius
membership card by then.
That's a sad thought friends.
And you know, we have to look after the lame and the infirm of mind.
It's just something we have to do.
We have to be angels, friends, angels of mercy and light.
Uh, yeah, that's us.
Well, I guess, uh, I, I, I just don't know what else to tell you.
It's, but I guess we could just lean back and see what we have on tape this week.
Shall we?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.

Yeah.



I, I, I, yeah, yeah.
All right.


It's gonna be.
Me
and is gone and be.
We're gonna do it.
We want to.
Got a peanut.
I can.
Wear it.
All that pain and hate is back before the Ei.


Oh, like a flaming baton that's ready to twirl
Like George Bush on that thing, singing the two chords
Gonna be a new world, gonna be a new world
I wanna feel like Jack Lord's hair
Be on ESPN, all covered in air
Cut on your radio, Jack Debo
WWF, go to WWF.com
Gang, 8-7-D-A-M
Like a flaming baton that's ready to twirl
Like George Bush on that thing, singing the two chords
Gonna be a new world, gonna be a new world
Come on, sing it, George
Don't, don't, don't come around
Don't, don't, don't come around
King Curtis is dead
Crazy horse ain't done
I'm gonna visualize
Armed insurrection
Get off of the couch
Blow up your TV
Gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme
Anarchy
Like a flaming baton
That's ready to twirl
Like George Bush, old ass, and
Singing the duper
Gonna be a new world
Gonna be a new world
Everything gonna, gonna, gonna be a new world
Oh
Gonna be a new world
Gonna be a new world
Whoa, Reverend Mojo Nixon, dear friends.
Yes, from his Otis album.
Praise Otis.
Praise Mojo Nixon.
It's so nice to hear somebody getting off their butt now and then.
You know what I mean?
Okay, okay.
Slack, slack.
Slack.
Bronner.
Bronner!
The pink light!
There's a baby in a pool with a dollar bill
That he wants to use for a rattle
And a local nowhere rock band
That used to come from Seattle
And the grunge and the rap and the new age crap
That all the stations are playing
Said to you on a silver platter
Never mind what they are saying
Got a new release that the critics had
Cause they said it wasn't you
So you tried to stay in La La Land
Cause you don't know what to do
And it's true that you're not alone
It smells like something's riding away
Deep inside your brain
And I think it kinda smells like Kurt Cobain
Never mind
Now rock stars just can't handle the grind
Of all the fortune and fame
Of all the fortune and fame

And all of the guitars that they left behind
It proves they can't play the game
Well I guess there's a message here for some of you
If you've got enough guts to find it
When you hear somebody sing
I'm so dumb
Well you might as well never mind it
Got a brand new music video
You're the latest big thing to me
But you're finding me
Is slowly melting down
And you don't know what to say
You smell like something's crying
Deep inside your brain
You smell like something's crying
Like Kurt Cobain
And then you get a flashback.
I got so high I scratched until I bled.
A man in a brown leather jacket.
At the end of the rainbow.
Giving you the finger.
I've got this friend you see.
In a trendy distorted rock band photo preview.
I don't regret a thing.
And a guy in the foldout with big teeth.
The animals I've trapped have all become my pets.
Oh well.
Whatever.
Never mind.
Never mind.
Well you know you're probably right.
And you tried to be cool.
But you're only a fool.
And now you're clean out of sight.
And they'll say you were a genius.
And you'll go down in history.
As another famous stupid fool.
Just another casualty.
And the smell is getting stronger.
Whatever.
Good.
Don't you paved me.
I think it kind of smells like you and me.
Like you and me.
Like you and me.
Like you and me.
Like you and me.
Like you and me.
Like you and me.
Like you and me.

Yes.
Yes.
You and me
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
Yes, dear
friends, and that's Dr. Bizarro.
I'm going to give you Dr. Bizarro.
Actually, it's Dr. Bizarro
and the Disgustos. I think
we're mainly hearing the Disgustos
in the background, either Rich Poston
or Jimmy Ryan on
lead there. I don't know.
Anyway, here's that address.
I'm Bob Digital for Dr. Bizarro
Tapes. That's P.O. Box
3405.
Are you
hearing me? Now,
that's P.O. Box
3405
Skokie,
Illinois. Skokie,
Illinois.
6-00-
7-6.
Or you can call
708-982-WOWS
W-O-W-S
W-O-W-S

W-O-W-S
And, uh,
it's been so long since we've heard Dr. Howell
and Puzzling Evidence, and gosh,
who knows who else might even be
Gary Brokfran on this tape. This is from the
Phineas Narco edit
of the best of the
Berkeley Subgenius Show, number
three.

That's an old, uh,
professional radio trick.
Okay, let's just do it,
man. Forget the clean cuts.
Dear Dr. Animal, my grasshopper,
I'll call him Hoppy, spits
tobacco juice like nothing else.
The other day, I squeezed him with
the vice grip, and he let go with
a large chaw right
into my left pupil.
Will I go blind?
Sign me Twitchy in Petaluma.
Oh, my
grandfather.
You're a little, uh, hopper.
Merely needs, uh,
R&R brake.
R&R brake. R-R-R-R-R-R-R
R&R brake. Give me an R&R brake.
Bring me the head of
R&R brake.
Ew, that's an
awfully small head. I, uh, can you give me
that five heads? Yeah, we've got this miniature
corn, this miniature cabbage, and, uh,
grasshopper paintings.
Jig legs off one at a time.
Uh, that's past paying for. He's the
only grasshopper with a full,
Six-tuple prosthesis.
A miracle of tiny engineering.
Look at him writhe and attempt to hop and fulfill his little insectile destiny.
Look at him go.
We love to do it to him.
Yes, they're tortured by our evil whims.
And that's the way it should be.
That's always the way it's been.
They want to sacrifice these victims inside the blazing wicker man they call the drug
minister to attract the eye of the gullible public from their own wickedness, greed, and
mendacity.
Hold Kitty still while I make my mark on her.
Is that Flea-Wee?
Flea-Wee!
Not anymore.
They come from the bowels of hell.
A transformed race of walking dead.
Zombies.
Guided by a master plan for complete domination of the earth.
Plan 9 from outer space.
Starring the most slight marriage cast ever.
Bella Lugosi, the seductive vampire.
And Ford Johnson as the walking dead.
Turn off your electric gun!
No!
Stop!
Stop it now!
I can't do this!
I can't!
I mean, you can't!
I can't!
I mean, the Jets!
Pull it!
You're gonna talk!
You're gonna talk!
We're gonna talk!
Rockets, missiles, jets cannot stop their death ship.
What earthly power can stop this terror?
The other side!
For a glimpse of things to come.
See this blast of scream suspense.
For it could be happening right now.
No, it's gonna happen.
The Jets.
The Jets.
The Jets.
The Jets.



The Jets.
The Jets.
The Jets.
The Jets.
The Jets.

The Jets.

The Jets.
The Jets.
The Jets.
Nope...
Yeah, there's a lot of science behind this.
We're gonna help it.
These Jets could massage us with Cool Coug Oczywiście je egy!


You don't need a resurrecting semua anxiety in you.
Yes!


In fact, it probably begins with theıı racist tweet the straight away wavelengths.



We got a...
We gotta pretend like there's a teacher.
Well, there's a good reason to think that there's not going to be anymore evolution.
So hoop it up!
Well, we gotta... we gotta pretend like there's a future. I mean, what's the point?
I ain't saying there's no future. I'm saying there is no more evolution. That is, no more
extrasomatic forces that cause evolution. So we've hit the ceiling, as it were.
Not necessarily, but we're gonna have to take charge of it ourselves now.
Why? What do you mean? Well, because, uh, your evolution, your natural selection, if you
are a good Darwinian, is a result of what happens to you. But if you are one of these so-called
intelligent beings, you're controlling what happens to you. That's what the Nazis...
Thus, you're a monkey in with your evolution. That's what the Nazis tried to do, wasn't it?
They tried to take matters into their own hands and shape the genetic, uh, pool themselves.
Well, that was one slight aspect of it. If it had turned out that breeding for their so-called
Aryans, which, uh, of course, don't actually exist in genetics, if that had been for good survival
characteristics, then they might have indeed improved the race. But unfortunately,
that's not the case. It's not the case. It's the race that's the one that's going to be the
most important. That was not really their intention. It was not evolutionary.
It was a, it was a kind of fuzzy, uh, thinking, I guess?
Well, I wouldn't call it fuzzy, but they believed some strange things. For example,
most of your top flight Nazis believed that giant chunks of ice were flying through space
and were going to hit the Earth and cause the doom of everything.
Really?
Yes. It was called the, well, I forget the German, but it was called the World Ice Theory. And the
top SS men believed in it, even though this was scientifically thought to be absurd. No one dared
to explain about it. It was one of the ritual beliefs that was fostered by Heinrich Himmler and
his pan-Germanism.
Does that relate to Velikovsky or anything?
It's even more absurd than Velikovsky, but of course, uh, your unstable political minds are
always susceptible to these cosmic mish-mashes of nonsense and non-sequiturists.
So they like destructionism and everything?
No, they, like fundamentalist Christians and other misguided souls, like to live in a tiny,
cozy, neat, orderly universe that they can comprehend.
Instead of the large, unfathomable, and frightening evolutionary universe that we actually are forced
to inhabit.
Yeah, the rationality just breaks down when you try to apply it to the universe. It just doesn't
work like that. We're surrounded by things that just don't make sense.
Well, I don't know about that. I'd rather choose to suppose that...
How do you explain mass murders and earthquakes killing...
That's the fact that we don't make sense. The universe makes perfect sense.
We're the nonsensical particle in the equation. And yet...
Without a position outside the spectrum of logic and truth, how could we observe it at all?
Otherwise it would be a case of not being able to see the forest for the trees,
or the flowers for the bees, in this great land of ours, from sea to shining...
The grappler.
And so, once again, fat triumphs over thin, tall triumphs over short, and big triumphs over little.
Sea!
In the coming order, everyone will wear special shiny shoes.
And on each shoe will be a portrait of the Fuhrer, J.R. Bob Dobbs!
And so Hal became crazed with radio power.
And soon he had Dobbs' image all over every column.
I did not ask for more! No one's ever wanted me in broadening eyes!
Even Frank Bent was bent for the will of Uncle Harry.
We have been betrayed! We were stabbed in the back by the politicians!
It is our destiny!
Don't worry, I've never been current, but we've got to go along with him for now.
We will make these aerial orders so that the Trump-Panarian race can suppress the invention!
We'll just go right here. We cannot do that.
We'll get the infidels upon the face of this planet!
Get out! I'll shoot out the car from underneath.
It is every subgenius' duty to exterminate these vermin.
They say we are prejudiced against minorities, but I say we, we, we are the minority!
And so we witness the self-immolation of an entire religious group.
My soldiers! My soldiers! My soldiers! My soldiers! My soldiers!
Salute you!
I want you to go out and kill
for old subgenius tech.
I want you to give them a price
they won't forget.
Hey!
Hello, you're on the air.
I'm talking to you from inside, Bob.
Hi.
Oh, no.
I'm trying to give a speech here.
Get this man off the reviewing stand.
There he goes.
No, you're going to have to hang up.
We're trying to rescue you.
Uh-oh, Frank Bandits.
He's been frustrated.
He's being carried away now
by the security forces.
This is my last territorial demand in Europe.
Yes?
How is life?
Show my absorptive power.
The greatest of genius.
Life will last for a thousand years.
Why?
Your radio personality so decreed.
Lost in power, he struts down Shattuck Avenue.
People call emergency services.
There's nothing the Berkeley police can do.
Out of my way!
I know I was wrong.
But for you, caller, it's just another crazy night.
Sieg Freud!
On KPFA.
Oh, man.
That's the first time I've heard that one.
We listened to that for the first time together.
Friends, a classic, classic, wonderful stretch
from the KPFA in Berkeley subgenius show
with Dr. Howell there.
Sieg Howell.
Sieg Howell.
Ranting away.
Puzzling evidence giving commentary.
and superb calling by Phineas Narco, the caller,
who has compiled several of these best of the subgenius show tapes.
He just tapes them off the radio and puts the best stuff together,
which is more than I can say puzzling evidence to, or Hal does, so there, or me.
So, well, actually, I have been.
Now I don't have to because you can get them from Phineas Narco.
You internetoids will recognize Phineas Narco.
At P.O. Box 1247.
Let's get the Phineas Narco background music.
That's P.O. Box 1247, San Jose, California, 95108.
Now P.O. Box 1247, San Jose.
It looks like San Joes, but it's San Jose for you non-Spanish speakers.
California, 95108.
And that's all I can.
Tell you.
That's all I'm allowed to tell you.
Yeah, I was saying earlier,
sometimes it seems like we might as well just do the radio show on the internet.
And in a way, it sort of makes sense because in the subgenius corridor,
alt.slack, one is apt to frequently run into these various following subgenius radio personalities.
Pope Charles in Houston, who runs it on, I think it's KPFK down there,
Salute to Pope Charles, the enemy, Scientology's greatest enemy.
Dad of Dad's New Slacks up there in Portland, Maine.
Salute to Dad.
Dad, these guys both put lots of really funny stuff in there.
You ought to get your computer, man.
Buy a computer, get a modem, it's cool.
And why, even Pastor Craig in Philadelphia.
So, Sterno.
Or Phyla.
Or Nensla.
And speaking of Nensla, let's just see what Nensla has to say.
Old Dad, he hates them Nensla rants.
He said so.
But I like them.
It's the tradition of the peevish crackpot sitting alone in his room recording tapes
as if he were making a radio show that people might be listening to somewhere out in their world later on.
Oh, okay, let's see what comes up.
Yeah, that sounds Nenslatic.
The thing that bothers me is there ain't no sense to nothing.
And I'm getting pretty fed up with these they folks.
Who are they anyhow?
Who are they anyhow?
Who are they anyhow?
Just the other day, we heard an ignorant blow.
And I thought, well, I'm just a product of society.
Well, we would very much like to know just exactly who or what is this society
which is turning out so many useless, ineffective, and repellent products.
We begin to suspect that, like victim of circumstance,
the idea of product of society is merely a cheap cop-out for losers ashamed to admit
that they are the products of their own minds,
responsible for the results of their own actions.
And are the sole architects of their fouled-up lives.
We saw a movie once about two kids raised in the same environment,
with the same advantages and hardships.
One grows up to be Humphrey Bogart with a machine gun.
The other grows up to be the district attorney who has to send his chum of childhood days to burn in the hot seat.
A Hollywood fantasy?
Yes, but one which has its analogues in daily life, even now.
And I think that's the thing that bothers me the most.




Maybe this society thing is one of those secret societies we read about.
Guys with fezzes and tinsel scimitars who sneak around making harmless kids into teenage mothers and juvenile delinquents.
Turning bums and drunks into the homeless,
who suddenly have the right to get loaded and pass out on the steps of the Capitol building,
dreaming of that little white cottage with green shutters,
a picket fence, and a concrete duck,
which that self-same self-righteousness is trying to get rid of.


And I think that's the thing that bothers me the most.
Maybe this society has cruelly denied to hand over to them for free so they can kill the lawn,
fill the backyard with old water heaters and refrigerators,
with the doors still on for the neighbor's kids to play hide and seek in,
and put up an old truck on blocks in the driveway.
We shudder to think what the women's auxiliary of this society must be up to.
A highly influential pre-founder of the Horizon Unlimited Master Control Programming and Ray Enhancement System,
and the first ever in the history of the American public, the American Public Broadcasting System, is the American Public Broadcasting System.
Known only as John, once told us,
the system you buy is the system you get.
We suspect that some folks have bought the patently fraudulent system in which things are run by someone.
You know, some mysterious intercooperation of persons with a different set of values from regular folks,
people of a different class with a secret way of thinking which puts them one step ahead of everyone else,
and everything would be oh, like, okay again.
Like it used to be, if we would all get together and rise up in a glorious people's revolution and overthrow the oppressor.
Of course, such a group of persons does exist, but they certainly aren't running things.
In order to be one of them, one must be unsuited by nature to running things.
Yes, we are very much in favor of rising up against the oppressor,
and feel that the sternest measures must be taken against the one who holds you back.
We wholeheartedly support organized resistance,
but suggest that before forming a mob and pulling down statues,
one might want to stop and think for a moment.
In the relatively free and liberal culture of these modern times,
the amount of power others have over us is usually in direct proportion to our own negligence in maintaining a free existence.
We knew a fellow who went to sleep with a...
who went to sleep a wild and happy teenager,
and woke up a married man with wife and kid,
and about a skillion bucks worth of home, cars, stereo, sofa and dinette,
and a six-piece waterbed suite with mirrored headboard to pay off.
He never knew what hit him, because he had his eyes closed the whole time.
We knew a gal who just wanted to have a good time,
who ended up a familiar face down at the women's health clinic,
and the possessor of some ugly infections, and...
very nasty habits.
She had stopped paying attention for about five years.
Could this be the work of...
society?
You may be sure there are those who would like very much for you to buy such a fiction,
and buy it directly from them.
The more people they can get to agree with them in blaming personal failures or perceived injustices
on an inaccessible third party,
the more they are confirmed in their own belief that all their problems
are caused by conspiring inferiors, miniature invisible robots,
or some other not-fully-human group.
It makes no difference if the bandwagon jumpers are themselves,
but one barely upright step away from the trees.
It's numbers that matter here.
One need not commit oneself to a nut cult to pass the buck, however.
Evasion of responsibility is as simple as saying,
look what you made me do.
If the consequences of one's actions are not strictly in line with those expected,
surely the fault must lie in the reaction,
not the action, however ill-conceived.
We find it difficult to make it through a single day without catching ourselves blaming some aspect of our personal state on external causes,
and we have been training ourselves against that sort of thing for years now.
Who can blame these poor people who have never really thought about anything,
who avoid thinking about it,
who avoid thinking about things as much as possible by means of constant inundations of popular culture,
dance music, and poisonous chemicals?
Who can blame them for seeking solace in the thought that their lives have been fouled up from before the outset
by forces beyond their control against which they are powerless?
Running one's own life requires constant vigilance,
a lot of hard work all the time, every day.
It's simply an awful lot easier to admit defeat as soon as the going gets rough,
than to get off the field entirely,
to go flop down in the gutter with everybody else and grouse about what a raw deal they got
from those millions of evil enemies who never even gave them a chance,
then drug themselves and turn on the radio or the TV
so they'll be distracted for a moment from the fact that they quit before the game even started.
Despite claims of supernatural influence or robotic control,
the major cause of emotional conflict lies in proclaiming one thing as fact,
while secretly knowing that something very different is true.
No matter how high the stack of mattresses,
the princess of fables still felt that tiny pea way down at the bottom
and couldn't get a wink of sleep until it was gone.
Whether we think about it or not,
even one tiny conflict between what we say and what we know is going to stay there,
making us black and blue, never letting us really rest until it's disposed of.
Sound difficult?
Well, it is.
But don't give up yet.
There's still one quick and easy way out for you.
Can you guess what it is?
For free information on Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius,
send a self-addressed stamped envelope to...
Got your pencil ready?
Bob, Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
That's Bob, P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Stay tuned and praise Bob.
Well, I guess that's another show down.
Just about, about down.
You gotta wrestle these things to the ground.
That's what you have to just dive right in.

You gotta get into it.
It's the only way.
You gotta let them stack up till it's real light and they had to play reruns.
And then you just, you just, you just go after it.
You just get right down in there and go after it.
Damn it.
Hey, yes.
And I'm gonna, well, I know who, well, what have we got near?
We've got just a few seconds left.
I don't know what next.
Tonight I'm gonna give you more than you come for.
I ain't lying.
Everybody kneeling ain't praying.
Remember that.
I'm not going to church tomorrow, but no one knows where the nose goes when the nose
is closed.
Yes, I'm Petey Wheatstrome.
The devil's son of the high shelf of men.
And friends, those are about all the segments that I can play from the entire best of Rudy
Ray Moore gold album.
Yes.
Rudy Ray Moore finally came out with a CD.
The great Rudy Ray Moore.
Well, I had the, the, uh, well, this CD is autographed.
Let me put it that way.
Um, from that Doolin Fireman game.
He's the star of this upcoming CD ROM game.
Friends just wanted to let you know it's the best of Dolomite, Petey Wheatstraw, Shine
and the Great Titanic, Signifying Monkey, Hurricane Annie, Pimpin' Sam, and other great
one-liners are available there from, uh, the, well, it's Rudy Ray Moore.
Rudy Ray Moore produced this himself.
Box 11591, Los Angeles, California 90011.
That's box 11591, Los Angeles 90011.
Rudy Ray Moore, uh, asked, uh, sent for information on, uh, his great catalog and bookings, friends.
Once again, that's box 11591, LA 9000.

9-double-0-1-1.
Hup!
And, dear friends, I did tell you that I was gonna give the, uh, subgenius email, uh, address.
That's i.stang at metronet com.
i.stang at metronet dot com.
And if you don't know what that means, just, uh, you can also fax us with, uh, your complaints and confessions at, uh,
area.com.
Area code 214-320-1561.
Thank you.
Oh, this is Zug's rift in the background.
His album, Villagers.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Bye.
Seeya!
060-리터.
Thank you.
