See Bob, was that your daughter on hard copy last night?
Hey Bob, they ever find your gold card?
Hey Bob, I hear your neighbor's doing it!
Bob, your computer crashed.
Hi Bob, heard about your root canal. Bummer.
Woo! Looks like you stepped in something, see?
Life gotten a little crazy?
The Subgenius Hour of Slot!
What were those noises?
Well, here's the recording studio.
Let's get out of the traffic.
The session's about to start.
As we enter, we can hear the last minute instructions.
We can hear the voices of artists, musicians, and engineers coming from the different parts of the room.
Now listen.
You walked in a crash, rent a car, drove to L.A.
Why? What a way to invade the Earth.
How would you feel if tomorrow a flying saucer would drop on a atomic bomb on every...

...key city in the United States?
This place is driving me nuts.
You and I are giving out the brain.
That's top secret information. Nobody knows that.
Hello.
I'd like to welcome everybody tonight...
...to what we call Subgenius 101.
My name is Jesus Christ, and I'm the business manager for the Church of the Subgenius.
And I'm thankful for talking to the pagan community tonight.
You can imagine how hostile the Christians are when they find out I'm Jesus.
Now you'd think that they would be real pleased that I've returned.
They've been waiting for me for a long time, but you'd be really surprised to find out how angry they actually are that I'm back.
Because you know what? I'm not the Jesus that they've planned for.
Maybe my hair is too long, or, you know, you can't be Jesus because you don't have stigmata.
Oh, you can't be Jesus because, you know, you're tall.
Or you're the wrong color, or your hair's too long.
You know, because what they're believing in is, of course, the false Jesus.
What I call the Paul Bunyan Jesus.
The mythology Jesus.
Well, I'm the real Jesus. The fighting Jesus.
And, uh, I guess the pagans like me a lot more because they don't have as much of a stake in it as the Christians do.
And, well, they don't have much to lose as far as business for my return.
But, yeah, the pagans are always glad to see me.
And they usually ask for an autograph or to shake my hand...
Because, well, there's always a chance that I could be Jesus.
And, you know, but, of course, Christians don't want to hear it.
But I'm not here to talk about me tonight.
I'm here to talk about Bob and the Church of the Subgenius.
Now, tonight I'm going to give you my version of the subgenius.
But, really, there are no rules.
We will probably come back to Jesus' long, boring lecture about the Church of the Subgenius.
Actually, it's pretty good. It's a good one.
And I'm not going to talk this whole show like I did last time.
I did the last show in a big hurry.
And it's easier just to rush through it.
But this time we have many, many wonderful tapes stacked up.
Real good music and real bad music and so forth.
All your favorites that you've never heard yet.
But there was one little news item.
And I do mean little.
That I wanted to share with y'all before we go diving into the tapes.
This, what's notable about this news item is that it was, it's so tiny.
It was on page 14 of the Dallas Morning News.
And it's one paragraph down near the bottom of a long line of paragraphs about world news.
The other things around it are Turkish leader travels to Libya
despite flak.
New Zealand okays deal on native tribes claim.
Stuff like that.
And then here's this one.
Ozone damage called advanced in UN report.
Geneva.
Destruction of the ozone layer has worsened so much that little remains in the atmospheric zone
about 12 miles above Earth, the UN weather agency said Friday.
Ozone gas.
The ozone layer plays a key role in shielding people, animals and plants from dangerous forms of ultraviolet radiation.
It's depletion caused in large part by industrial chemicals is believed to increase the incidence of skin cancer and cataracts.
A hole in the ozone layer first observed in the Antarctic in the 1980s has reappeared each year since then.
The ozone layer destruction has worsened so much that little remains.
It says here in small print on page 14.
And I don't know I guess they could put it on the front page and make a big headline that says ozone layer destroyed.
Earth doomed.
But you know what would be the point in that?
That would be like running a headline that said the electrical wiring in your house is why we have so much cancer.
You know what are you going to do about it?
I mean you going to turn off your lights?
You going to move to a cabin out in the woods?
No, you're just going to die.
So if you have been having pesky problems with cataracts or skin cancer, if you've been going blind, now you know.
Luckily I was able to find the reason for that buried here at the back of the newspaper owned by the BELO Corporation.
Thank you.
I think it's disgusting.
This is a recording.
Alright now spit out that gum and stand up next to that microphone.
What I'd really like to know is why didn't you stop and talk to the puzzling evidence video crew outside the night of slack there when they started to interview you.
It was you.
And we were interviewing all of the callers that call all the time.
And we had the cameras pounce upon you immediately after the show.
You were one of the first people out of the theater.
But I don't understand why you didn't talk to them.
They would have been able to glean a certain amount of size stench just from that operation alone.
Even puzzling evidence doesn't have any evidence.
I'm not going to give you infinite patience my friend.
The show right now is becoming too predictable and needs new blood.
You're right.
Next caller.
In the name of Bob I demand that you hang up on me right away.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Is Bob going to the right of the camera?
Yeah what is he saying?
Yeah what is he saying?
You have to appear calm.
Okay.
Okay.
Come.
Even though I know it's a lie.
I'm not calm.
Not inside.
I wish the jokes would get here.
I know.
Do you have the mic on?
Yeah.
We'll just have to hold up the show until the jokes get here.
Well ladies and gentlemen if you're watching on the Subgenius channel or the Puzzling Evidence
channel you'll be seeing the theme world plans being spread out.
Yes it's astonishing.
From where I am I can see the entrance to the submarine city and the spacewalk.
I see the floating dollar from here I think.
The floating dollar casino.
Yeah.
And it's right on the edge of Domino City.
The floating dollar casino.
What wonders might we find there?
Well it's very scary because what happens in Domino City?
I mean if you're a neo-themologist.
You walk into the park not knowing what's going on.
And you walk into Domino City.
Oh come on.
Oh okay never mind.
A strange religion.
Not like us.
No.
You're pretty.
It's not our worship word.
No.
Ugly.
It smells bad.
That's right.
We'll clear those callers later.
Remember call in any time day or night if the spirit so moves you.
There will be a Subgenius pastor there.
Okay.
Let's look at it etiologically.
It's a bit tough at this hour of the morning but we can Bob.
It's somewhat chewy.
Another famous Bob.
It's a digestible roughage of knowledge.
Not to block the esophagus of philosophy.
We run through the jungle.
Wow.
What about the Ronald McArnall?
Yes.
Who's the golfer turned duck.
Turned president.
Turned Nazi.
The overturned hamburger.
Turned myth.
A little naked.
Ronald McArnall is the theme character.
Yeah we use him to sell the third world burger.
Mine got swastikas in his eyes.
Yes.
He's a bit.
Okay cameras on range finder.
We're looking for this old president.
We are calibrating now.
We're looking for this old president.




We have X-ray delta one lift off on our 103 niner.
Phony baloney cross religion.
That's true.
Long before subgenius there was pulsing evidence and there was motion.
There was pulsing evidence in the center of a dark void but then the earth unfolded and
new things sprung up like cities and adjustable razors.
But we're talking about theme world this morning.
There is a duplicate of a marvelous thing.
The primal world where giant dinosaurs roam the earth.
Yes in the primal world huge sluggish shug off from the pre-Cambrian slog through the
slime.
And further over the Mississippian and Pennsylvanian despite their never ending.
Primal world be sure to see it when you visit theme world.
Primal world is where you begin when you arrive at theme world.
You start in primal world.
You have to cut your way with a machete through the dense jungle and fight with giant insects
for space to sit down.
Then you reach history world.
You need not follow any of those procedures my friend.
We are intending basically to effect a palinogenesis.
A resurrection.
From the ashes of Bob of a new Bob.
Oh yes dear friends just so.
Just so Dr. Howell.
And by the same token we are resurrecting a new show from the ashes of the old show.
And that was some of the old show on KPFA at Berkeley.
The old subgenius show with Dr. Howell and Puzzling Evidence and I believe Court Holland
and somebody else there discussing theme world.
Oh by the way the little intro.
The little introductory collage we heard at the very beginning of show was from our good
bad father Joe Mama.
And just so we shall resurrect from the ashes of an old Brother Cleve song.
A new Brother Cleve song.
You all are certainly familiar with his top 40 hit Bob is my load.
Well Brother Cleve has finally committed to tape a new version of Bob.
Is my load.
This is called the cocktail mix by slack master Cleve and his lush orchestra.
Cleve by the way is the keyboardist for combustible Edison.
The cocktail lounge band.
When they go on tour.
He's keyboardist for everybody when they go on tour and we've got a lot of Cleve coming up.
So friends this particular hour of slack is an hour of slack.
So let's just lean back.
And take a few sips of our hot buttered rum martinis and enjoy this this relaxing relaxing cocktail him.
Thank you all.
There was a man.
The world's greatest salesman.
He had to find.
To keep the shackles from our feet.
But one day up and gone.
To the cost.
Bob is my.
He's coming again.
Who knew that the first shot.
Was gonna be the last.
But he's got a hard driving pipe.
That can smoke all through the night.
Although he may be hurt.
The universe will keep on squirting.
Bob is my.
He's coming again.
He's coming again.
Bob you're in trouble.
You're not gonna find the

Go on


Better?
Yeah.
He can save us from the men in black
With one shot from his mighty sack
If only he could stay back
From the land of the dead
Oh, it's a happy day
We can drink and say
Bob is my lord
He's my lord
He's coming again
I know we can't take it
Without him
We can't begin
To lose the pieces of our mind
To the pink boys
And the wind
Until the day that he comes back
It'll be over
That's like a dream
Bob is my lord
He's coming again
Oh, oh
Bob is my lord
And he's coming again
If we don't
Walk
the一直反 us
We can't find
To be on
A spot
I
I
I
I
All this my lord
He's coming
On
To be on
The one



Oh, oh
He's coming again



Oh dear friends, now is that Space Age bachelor pad music or what?
Yes, the good Dr. Cleve, Brother Cleve Duncan from up in Boston there.
And by the way, did you know that the term Space Age bachelor pad music,
which is now a generic term to describe, oh, that sort of semi-wacky but very laid,
generally laid back, sometimes not so laid back type of campy old music from the 50s and early 60s
of which I guess the most famous example would be,
Powerhouse, the na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na, you know.
That term, Space Age bachelor pad music, which I see occasionally used in the press,
was coined by a very early subgenius, Dr. Byron Werner,
who has since gone on to, I believe, do some CD compilations of Space Age bachelor pad music.
In fact, I think he did a compilation of Esquivel.
And this brings us full circle.
Actually, Esquivel, some of you are going, yeah, yeah, Esquivel, man, that guy's great.
Like Spike Jones, sort of.
He was kind of a jazz cocktail lounge guy in the 50s and 60s
who used a lot of sound effects in his music.
It was kind of cartoony sounding.
He's got quite a cult following.
And Brother Cleve was a big Esquivel fan.
Now, leave it to a subgenius to not just be a fan,
of the artist,
but to track the artist down and collaborate with him.
Esquivel is 78 years old, lives in Mexico City.
He's an old Mexican gentleman.
And Brother Cleve tracked him down and has been recording with him.
The guy's bedridden, but Cleve hauls his Macintosh full of sounds
and his keyboard down to Mexico City,
goes to Esquivel's house and prepares,
and that's a great way to do it,
the best for a new material.
I've actually held the master tapes of a lot of Esquivel concerts in my hands
while I was at Cleve's house.
Anyway, I got this letter from Cleve in a new tape.
I'll try to read this in Cleve's Boston accent.
I've enclosed here the, forget it, I can't do it.
I've enclosed here the advance of the new Esquivel Xmas album I produced.
I compiled the old recordings and added to new ones,
the intro and outro tracks.
in which I created a digital simulation of the Esquivel Orchestra
with Miss Lily and the millionaire from Combustible Edison on vocals and guitar.
I wrote the script for Esquivel to read, which got recorded on DAT and sent to me.
Imagine my horror when I got back two hours of him trying to read it.
I had to assemble a word to a short phrase at a time.
I'll tell you what, though, my digital editing skills went from zero to a hundred in two days.
And I got paid for it!
I wanted to model the whole thing on the old Playboy After Dark TV show
where the elevator doors open and there's Hef and a bunch of half-naked chicks greeting you to the party.
All right already, so you get a 78-year-old Mexican gentleman instead, but what the heck.
Welcome to my strange bachelor path.
Thou art going to travel the distance...



So sweet to be one!
Zoot zoot Ah hint point.
genes and how
?
Zoot, zoot, tweet, zoot, tweet, zoot, zoot, doobie, wah.
Buenas, mis amigos. Happy holidays.
I am so glad you could make it.
My, you look ravishing tonight.
I love the boots.
And you, you look so dashing.
The cut of that suit is impeccable.
Now please, come in and make yourselves at home.
You will find the bar over there.
There's a lovely view of Venus tonight.
And I am sure your ears will take you to where the band is playing in the back room.
And, oh yes, the mistletoe.
It's right over...
Ah, it seems to be occupied right now.
Well, just relax and have a fabulous time.
Feliz Navidad, baby.
Feliz Navidad, baby.
Feliz Navidad, baby.
Okay, now that was basically Cleave doing Esquiville, I believe.
That was, I think, pretty much just Cleave and his keyboard and his Macintosh computer
with...
I guess with guitar and vocals overlaid on it.
And the tape of Esquiville.
But here is some original, real Esquiville.
This is for your musical edutainment friends, okay?
This classic, insane rendition of Frosty the Snowman from Esquiville.
Merry Christmas from the Space Age Bachelor Pat.
Merry Christmas from the Space Age Bachelor Pat.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.

Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.

Thank you.


Thank you.



Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Zoo, zoo, zoo, zoo, zoo, zoo, zoo
Look at Frosty go
Over the hills of snow
Over the hills of snow
Over the hills of snow
Now some people would say that that song is a back-masked, veiled reference to cocaine,
but I don't think so.
Esquivel, friends, the negative land of 1950,
or 59, or whenever the heck that was.
And, uh, yeah.
Some of us are here.
More interested in what came before than what some folks said came after.
They can't catch me.
Yes, back in the early world of the dawn,
you could have seen the armored quadrupedal Jurocretaceous Onyxian tetrapods
slouching their sluggish way through the steaming folia.
Yeah, but everybody knows that, Hal, and everybody can see it.
They can see, but they may not be haunted by visions of it seared into their sensitive souls.
Ah, ah.
Mars is a high and lonely destiny.
Find more pavilions in Theme Park.
The far pavilions give way to the farther pavilions.
One thing, one thing.
Four.
One of the most interesting pavilions is the Etruscan pavilion.
Here comes now.
Have you ever seen the Etruscan pavilion?
They call him Bob.
It's one of the latest.
The most holy weapon of all.
These are not wax dummies, incidentally, ladies and gentlemen.
These are real suffering souls who paid the full price for refusal to understand the true meaning of theme world.
Like a bomb upon your soul.
Oh. Like a bomb upon your soul.
This news hits, I'm sure, and sizzles in the frying pan of your brain.
Like oil on troubled waters.
In fact, it was like receiving a spinal tap.
Ow! That hurts!
Or like being on the good stand of an operation we call sounding a calculator system by percussion.
And when they woke up, the mud was splattered clear up to their elbows.
But they just cleaned off and went ahead with the future anyway.
You may now open your eyes.
The UFOs are there.
This is a recording.
All right, now spit out that gum and stand up next to that microphone.
Beyond that, almost everything thought or said about the misadventure is a lie.
All right.
I can't believe it.
Me neither.
The hobbling softening.

It doesn't make sense.
Do people say strange things to you?
Do they come up on the street?
Do they tend to bother you?
If they do, these are things that you will simply have to put up with.
Isn't it fascinating how much more interesting things were 150 million years ago?
I heartily concur.
Than all of this political stuff that flips by us.
Yeah, that's all this...
Oh, here comes something else.
Well, there goes the Gary Hart motorcade.
It's the Gary Hart motorcade.





It flits by low.
Sorry about that, Gary.
It is like the wing of a gossamer insect.
It is here and then gone.
We'll have it fixed by July.
But the true work of the giant archosaur lord of creation is embedded in the stones of the
bones of the world.
Or go see Iceman.
There's a secret message about it in Iceman.
Bob was there to watch each dropping of each coprolite from each dinosaur sphincter.
Bob saw.
Bob sees now.
Bob always will see.
And, uh, if it is not superfluous to add...
Is it the only fate that promises...
It may sound like we're endorsing the worst kind of conspiracy behavior.
No, you only do these terrible things to get what you need.
Each caller here is a different thing.
Well, it's my own idea.
Oh, now the caller's turned into a little doll playing the drums.
Who is?
Sphincto's dead.
Yes, it's Mimi's show now.
That's right.
We're trying to bring him back.
We just don't have enough juice.
Sphincto is dead, but Schmutz is dead.
I better send more money.
Yes.
Dr. Howell, how do we get the money?
They're back to Earth.
Well, since we have spilled and got pure neutronium...
And now the neutronium is rolling.
And now the neutronium is rolling.
We're going down to the street level where the peasants will begin to eat it and then kiss the queen, giving her the power of the neutronium.
Yes, this neutronium, the densest substance known in the physical universe, is going to be the basis of an entire new review of the scale,
which all of our foreign dignitaries, as well as the president and his charming wife, will ascend in just 25 short minutes,
as the subgenius floats continue in this parade of parades on the year of surprises.
And here, moving at faster than sound...
What's happening to them?
...the giant transports...
...in a transport of extravagance...
Leave him on.
...and they were the progenitors of this show.
Because you can't think of any jokes.
Guys, the jokes are here.
Come on, you need more after than you realize.
It's embarrassing and very annoying.
I think the jokes have arrived.
The joke is clear in your mind.

What, the jokes?
The woman's carrying them.
Here, take one.
Take one.
Okay, yeah.
Here's a good joke.
I'm going to try this one on.
The UFO joke.
Quick, quick.
I'll just try this one on.
What?
Good, good, because theme world is about to be destroyed.
No, no, that's just tiny prophecy.
Get those planes away.
There's still a chance.
I want to get into that because then people start paying to buy tickets to get into theme
world to be there when it happens or to see the movie of how it happens and to see the
TV show.
Theme world, a motion picture.
Yeah.
Theme world, a TV show.
Theme world, a novel.
Theme world, the chain of fast food, roadside restaurants.
There's the theme world, the mini series.
Theme world, the underwear.
The theme world, the wrapping paper.
The theme world, the patch dolls that swept away the heart of mother's mother.
Yeah, that's it, the theme patch dolls that people started going...
The lettuce leaf dolls and the cabbage foot dolls had a kind of a bash.
Thanks, listener.
These people come by and leave these things for us.
The theme world, camouflage shoes.
You just have to clean them up.
That's the only problem.
The theme world, room humidifier.
Ah, boy, look, it takes the smoke right out.
Packs it up and sends it to my family in Minneapolis.
Remember in 1986, there's going to be some strange changes made in this sorry old...
Is there a foreign area in theme world?
Is there someplace where we can go to relax in another country's theme?
I thought they kept foreigners out of theme world.
Now I don't want to go.
Well, what about it, man?
Do you let those foreigners into theme world or do you...
Speak more into the microphone, son.
Exactly.
Yes, keep that microphone close to you.
Now what is this?
This is poop on the foreign angle.
Well, we don't like foreigners coming to theme world.
Well, that's a relief.
I must say that it's good that someplace these days is keeping up its standards.
They scare the locals.
This is a broadcast for all the ships at sea.
There will be no foreigners permitted in theme world.
Not now, not ever.
Turn back here.
The crowds are turned away at the front gates.
Yes, you won't need to ask where the beef is in this marvelous park.
And I think Mr. Mike Believe might have the key to this most peculiar conundrum.
They say that the public has a right to know the truth.

Exactly.
But we've got to get him to talk more, see, because the accent costs so much.
I've got to be stuck for words, see.
I'm sort of crammed in a corner like, you know.
Yeah, but we paid for the money to change your voice and make you sound like...
I tried to do the 16 rounds like we said we were doing in the first place.
Right, right, right.
Okay, look, now it's happening to me too.
Okay, well, it's Mike Believe in the first round, okay?
Happy.
Happy.
Happy.
Happy.
Happy.
Happy.
And now for the real straight culture, right?
Right.
Okay then, here we go.
And now for the real straight culture.
And, incidentally, dear friends, this is hour of slack number 549.
It won't be too long before we hit the magic number of show 555, and if we can hang in
there another couple of years, it would be show number 6, 5, 5, 6, and 5.
666.
But we don't have a couple of years, come to think of it.
I believe, if my computer told me correctly today, that it was at this recording time.
We had 631 days to X Day.
And since I planned to quit doing this show on X Day, I guess we'll never hit show number 666.
Right, it's a real straight culture, right?
Right.
Okay, then, here we go.
Now, tonight I'm going to give you my version of the subgenius,
but really there are no rules in the Church of the Subgenius, except for one.
And we can't say that one on the radio, but it has something to do with what we do if they can't take a joke, think you like.
That's the only rule you have to follow.
And that's it. Once you learn that, you're in.
But, you know, we also have other things that we believe in.
One of our greatest truths and beliefs is recapturing slack.
Now, I can't tell you what slack is.
And as Reverend Stang says, slack is different things to different people.
To some people, slack is just a good meal.
To others, slack is just watching TV or working on their website or whatever it is that they do.
That's what slack is to them.
But tonight I'm going to tell you.
I'm going to give you a way to remember what the subgenius is, at least my version of it.
And hopefully this will help you tell others so you can spread the word of Bob.
So I broke slack down into its components and put each letter to a different thing to remember
so that you can always think slack and know what it means.
So the first letter in slack is S.
And this is the most important thing, so remember this.
S.
Stands for send.
Send your $30 to Bob.
Now, this is the most important thing because you can't have salvation without sending your $30 to Bob.
Now, let me back up for a minute.
Most religions would put their ploy for money at the end of their speech.
Now, notice we come right up front and tell you what we want.
We want your $30.
And that's really not that bad.
When you look at other religions, hell, you get into Christianity or Buddhism or Scientology.
Or any of these other false religions, well, you could be paying the rest of your life.
You gotta tithe 10%, you gotta go to church every Sunday, you gotta give to the poor.
All's we want is $30.
$30 you're in.
Send your $30 to Bob.
So now your next question should be, well, who is Bob?
Well, who is this guy that I'm sending my money to?
Well, you all know what he looks like.
You've seen the guy with the pipe, but who is he?
Well, Bob is the living avatar of slack.
The holy saint of sales.
He is the greatest salesman that ever lived.
Now, Bob started a religion.
Actually, he got some ideas for a religion back in the 50s and jotted down all the ideas on little scraps of paper and pizza crust and toilet paper or whatever he had, whatever he was inspired.
And put all these in a big paper bag and in the 80s gave them to Reverend Ivan Stang and Philo Drummond.
They translated them into the first book, which is the book,
The Subgenius.
Yes, yes, them were the days, the days of the book.
The first book.
And there was the second book.
The first book only involved about three trash bags full of Bob's notes.
The fourth book, Revelation X, involved, I believe, nine trash bags packed with Bob's notes.
Anyway, enough lectures, actually.
I think that most of you are probably familiar with those basic facts of the Church of the Subgenius.
Jesus occasionally fills in for me lecturing it to smaller groups and so forth.
But I think it's time to get back to some music.
This is more music by Brother Cleve Duncan and his Lush Orchestra.
This is an instrumental piece, which we rarely play on this show without speaking out.
We're not over them.
We like to mangle the music that we play.
But this time I won't.
It's a pretty, well, what we call in the business a fat mix.
And I hope you can listen in headphones or in stereo otherwise,
because it's a bit psychedelic.
Not unlike, in that respect, not unlike the KPFA Subgenius show with its endlessly burbling sound effects.
I love that stuff.
Okay, here is March of the Exists by Brother Cleve Donut Duncan.
Say your attention till I turn behind the curtain!
Say your attention!
Pay no attention!
Say your attention till I turn behind the curtain!
Say your attention!
Say your attention till I turn behind the curtain!
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
track tapes. I really think their time has come.
Yeah.
Oh, just listen to that.
Wow, four tracks. Those were twice as good
as the two tracks.
Yes, dear friends, a little glimpse of Sister
Susie the Floozy and Dr. Nolan Void. Shortly after they
found out that they were long lost brother and twin sister or something like
that. It's a long and horrible story.
Probably more horrible than I know yet.
We know yet
nothing.
Ain't got no car. Ain't got no wife. In fact, I got killed
coming over here tonight. I am a dead man.
I'm laying on the floor. I am a dead man.
I am deceased and once more I am a dead man.
Yes, I have discontinued living. I have given up on cash,
wine and women. I ain't got no money.
I ain't got no shoes.
I guess it ain't funny, that is why I have the blues.
I am so dead that I feel like a stiff.
If you don't believe it, just take a sniff.
I am a dead man.
Sniff me.
Ain't got no job, cause I won't need it anymore.
Can't hit the time block, cause I can't get up no more.
I'm on a permanent vacation with no pay.
Don't ask me what I think, cause I got nothing to say.
I tell you I am dead, that's why I have the blues.
Yes, that's what I said, now I'm telling you the news.
I am a dead man, as cold as I can be.
I am a dead man.
If you don't believe it, just touch me.
I am a dead man.
I have pain, the ultimate price.
That's why I'm qualified to give you this advice.
I'm a dead man.
D-E-A-D.
I am dead.
That's what I said.
I am dead.
I am dead.
And that was John Bartles.
Live.
Hit.
Even though you haven't paid your 30 bucks, I'm going to give you this free bit of information.
And that is that the world is going to end 1998, July 5th, 7am.
That's what we call X-Day.
The rupture.
That is when all the subgeniuses, all the dues paying subgeniuses,
will be ruptured up on the space vessels.
And that's when all the sex goddesses will be ruptured up.
And we'll talk more about the sex goddesses later, maybe right another time.
But this is what you get for your 30 dollars.
Now, I can't tell you what Slack is.
But for 30 dollars, I can sell it to you.
So S. Focus now.
S. Send your 30 dollars to Bob.
The next letter in Slack is L.
Now, I'm going to talk about something that you may not understand at this moment.
And you may just have to think about it.
And ponder on it.
Just consider how it affects your life.
It may not make sense now.
And it may not make sense next year.
And hell, it may never make sense.
But listen to it anyway.
L stands for Launch the Head.
Remember that.
Launch the Head.
You need to ask yourself, how am I launching the head?
What have I done today to launch the head?
How am I helping others to launch the head?
Because that's what you need to think about.
Because only when you're launching the head can you achieve.
True Slack.
Now think.
Have I launched the head today?
How have I helped others to launch the head?
L. Launch the Head.
C. C. L. L. L.
C. C. L. L. L.
C. C. L. L. L.

C. C. L. L. L.
How can you not see that there's something out there that you cannot see?
How can you not see that there's something in here that you cannot see?
How can you not see that you cannot see what you cannot see?
Not see, not see, not see.
C. C. L. L.
You confuse what you see with what you think?
If you confuse what you think with what you feel, I mean, doesn't what you think affect what you not see?
Do you just see what you want to see?
I mean, do you not see on purpose?
I don't know what I don't know and you cannot see what you cannot see.
Do you see?
Do not see
Do
not
see
Do not see
Do not see
Wolf Shawamos
Myrce Costa
Voice of theGB & The Cyber Alliance
The Betterung
The Circuit
see what you see?
Seek health.
That the whole society cannot see.
That it cannot see what it cannot see.
How can you not see that you cannot see
what you cannot see?
How can you not see that you cannot see
what you cannot see?
Get serious. Open your eyes.
Take a look.
And see.
Seek health.
Not not.
See.
You see?
You see what I mean?
You see what I mean?
And that was our old friend
R. Moon and the new
Improved Night Nurses.
I'm going to give you
their address in a second here
because I don't think their
tapes are the kind of things that you're going to be able
to pick up in the store.
So,
they're only, I think, five bucks each.
A buck for postage.
Holy Funk
P.O. Box 2329
San
Anselmo
California
That's box 2329
San Anselmo
California
949
7
9
And it says
here
on their tape.
Warning.
There are politically correct police units
being formed to seek those who would
dare speak politically incorrect
beliefs. Warning.
They will come into your home or radio station
and pull you out by your beliefs
and make you watch
Leave It to Beaver or Dick Van Dyke
and worst of all, they feed you bland
cereal. Watch out.
It can happen to you.
The only
possible chance we have for remaining free
is to fight back now by thinking
and living creative thoughts and ideas
and by supporting those who are willing
to stand up and express
their ignorance.
Don't be alienated.
Copyright 1996 Holy Funk Productions.
Well, I really don't know much about them guys,
but they do send tapes every year or so
and it's a beautiful thing, isn't it?
That's release from Theme World here for immediate release.
Acid rainforest erupts. Deviant Halloween wilderness engulfs Post Guard Palace.
We'll have to cover that story before the end of the show.
We'll have people very, very scared about that.
I don't stop!
The humidity, the accursed lushness,
the creeping tenderness of the market.
I need a glass of slack real fast.
And having elephant burgers.
Well, you boys must be so excited
seeing everything you do expanding so successfully.
Have you got any plans to expand Theme World itself
and add even new attractions to these wonderful attractions
you've been describing for us this evening?
Well, we are, yes. We're going to have many more.
We're going to have maybe another dozen or so rides built by the end of this month.
What?
The 50-foot woman.
I presume you are joking.
No relation to the famous motion picture of the same name.
Attack of the 50-foot woman.
In the Theme World version, I think earlier this evening
we were talking about the attack of the 50-foot third grade teacher.
Too many of those knobs tending the antennae and heightening the carapace.
That's the problem. Too many organs and not enough cloth.
Too many jiggling, obscene bunches of nerves.
It's the mutations, Doug.
Well, the first time I went to Theme World,
I got completely lost at the Pretentiousness Plaza.
Hey, it's all made of plastic, isn't it?
Yeah, if I hadn't been able to see the giant slack generator
at the Tower of Bob towering over me like a giant landmark on the horizon,
I think I would have...
This brochure from Theme World is extremely diversified.
Good morning. You're washed in the pee of Bob.
Oh, not again.
Naviators.
How are you feeling?
What happened?
I fell out.
True.
So what's happening with Theme World right there?
It ain't no beach party, that's for certain.
Theme World is coming to you.
It's the refrigerated cargo commodity.
It's coming!
Theme World!
It's almost here.
Here's a man there.
Who would dare to read that?
Who won't believe this fellow?
Avedis is never on the show. We make up Avedis.
When we need an extra hand,
we slap together some types of Charles L. McKinney under the influence.
We make him up. Him.
A ghost puppet.
I want an explanation. I want an explanation.
Okay, here. It's at the bottom of this little box of jokes.
All right, somebody start talking.
It comes in before each show.
Shut up!
Oh, okay. Well, you see, this guy gets excited,
and they write all the jokes for us,
and then we just do the show. That's all.
Whose idea was this anyway?
I think it's not really a live show.
Do you think these callers are talking to somebody?
This is all composed of random bits of information
selected by electronic computer.
No one is here.
No one is here.
Promises.
Go back to sleep or ask about Theme World.
The top part was discovered,
and it led stairway after stairway down into the bowels of the earth.
The mummified form of the original Tower of Bob
that the Theme World attraction is based on.
You see, we have to come to grips to think through those things, folks.
We just can't sit and let words flow over our minds.
We have to think, what does that mean?
You got people saying, well, what you need to do is to fast,
and then if you fast for 40 days,
why, then you'll really get close to God.
You may fast so long that you die and get real close to it.
But, uh,
but then you got that type of a thing going on.
And all over the world, you got new hobby horses,
new hula hoops coming up,
um, that you can do to draw near to God.
And I want to ask you a question.
Do any of those make sense if forgiveness is finished?
Do you have an answer for that question, dear friends?
Well, we do.
And here it is.
It's an address that I'm about to give, that I always give.
As we approach the end of every show.
That address, of course, is the address of the, uh,
Dallas headquarters of the Church of the Subgenius,
where you can write for, uh, free information regarding our, uh,
services.
And, uh, just, uh, just drop a little line to Bob.
That's right, just write to Bob at
Post Office Box 140306
in Dallas, Texas.
And once again,
Oh, what?
That's Post Office Box 140306
Dallas, Texas
75214
Ah, it feels so good to give that po-po-po-po-po-po-po-post!
To tell ya something about working for the national Даже...
... Teach me what I can do.
The family聲
And uh, you know, all the other greatucts and stars connected to monetization.


Thank you.
Thank you.

Huh.
I made that.
I did that myself a long time ago.
Back when I had old.
Some old junkie left me his synthesizer.
And my four track deck.
Used to work back then.
But I think.
I think we'll let Esquivel.
Take us out.
And take us away.
Thanks to Brother Cleave here.
Wow.
Did you hear that?
Bats.
When I lean my head close.
I've got these headphones set.
Kind of back on my head.
So I can hear the phone ringing.
In case it does.
When I lean in close.
Hear that?
Hear that?
It's.
It.
It.
I've got to back off.
Or it'll.
It'll come.
Hendrix.
Hendrix knew how to use feedback.
Man.
Man.
I could be a musician.
I.
Oh.
Thanks so much for coming.
Muchas gracias.
It's been my pleasure.
To host this holiday happening.
I hope you have a wonderful time.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.








Bye.
Bye.












Well, I must attend to getting a space shuttle
to get some of our borracho amigos on a safe journey home.
May you have a fabulous and festive holiday season.
Until next time.
Adios.
Thank you, Bob.
Bob mentioned Ed McAteer and the breakfast concerning Israel.
Well, you know, gentlemen, they celebrated, I don't think would be the word,
maybe remembered the 50th anniversary of the liberation of the people from Auschwitz.
Mary and I went to Dachau in Germany. We saw what these things look like.
And, you know, this is something that should be remembered,
because with human nature as it is, another Holocaust is always just around the corner.
It's just bizarre conspiracy theories.
What bizarre conspiracy theories? I'm not made up any
conspiracy theories.
I've talked facts here. If you can't deal with facts...
I mean, you can totally say...
Just silly pauses.
