This is a radio alert. We interrupt our normal programs as requested by the United States
government. Normal broadcasting will now be discontinued for an indefinite period.
Discontinued information will be broadcast in most areas at 12 p.m. on your regular radio receiver.
All residents will receive official bulletins on your radio receiver, while the residents tune to
12 p.m. on your radio receiver. I repeat, official information will be discontinued in most areas
on your regular radio receiver.
The Self-Genius Hour of Squatch
Nothing is real.
It is day two.
Day two of our broadcasting project here at beautiful Brushwood.
Recording. Everything's going fine.
Very well, ladies and gentlemen, now I know you don't want to miss one minute of this incisive and all-inclusive broadcast.
Here are the wonders of the ages, explicated in exhaustive detail.
A curative...
for the mind.
A tonic...
for body and spirit.
Helps the men with those difficulties in the bedroom.
And ladies, you'll feel young just listening.
But step up and pay close attention to the magical and remarkable nostrums of the theater of air and darkness.
Now showing, brought to you by the Brushwood Folklore Center, the Church of the Subgenius,
and with the vocal talents of...
Ivan Stang, Sacred Scribe.
We are here broadcasting before you, and a lot is on the docket today.
Not only reading off the now psychotically filled in gorilla and demon sheets,
but other important aspects of the broadcast bound to be recapitulated in future radio voyages.
Indeed.
Indeed.
Indeed.


Indeed.
Indeed.















Indeed.
Indeed.
Indeed.
Indeed.










Westboro Baptist Church is in hell.
Tormented in flames.
Deal with it.
Riding and screaming.
Loud mouth.
Westboro Baptist Church is doomed.
The obscene.
Filthy.
Westboro Baptist Church.
Filthy.
Scrambled.
Perverts.
Come, come, and come now.
I had nothing but disdain for Westboro Baptist Church.
Profane.
Loud mouth.
Westboro Baptist Church is doomed.
Doomed.
Doomed.
Doomed.
We will face.
Doomed.
No slack.
This is a dynamic equilibrium.
It's been going on for many years.
We are habituated to every feature of the cycle.
As long and complex as it might appear to outsiders,
it's really simplicity in itself.
Slack is generated and slack collectors suck it up.
For...
Nutrition.
And for building the edifice of eternity, which is Bob's holy temple.
I think you're gonna like this.
Bob.
Starring Bob Cumming.
Eileen, honey.
Oh, Bob.
Bob, you must have thought you had something.
I did.
I had the two girls.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear it, Bob.
I was hoping to represent you.
Tap, tap, tap.

Do-vados.
Tap, tap.
Stop the heat.
Ranad Нация.
Rinhao, could you end this thing for me, please?



Ha, ha, ha, ha, hush!
maybe this night.
Aargh.
Ha!
Stop!

Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Hee hee!
Hoo hoo!
Hoo hoo hoo!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Bobby, Bobby, open Bobby!
Ha ha ha ha!
Tap, tap, tap, tap!
Look, Bob!
I had Bob and his bobble inks!
Three gorgeous girls, all beauty contest winners!
Bob's idea!
Pecker, pecker!
Pecker? Pecker?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Bob! Bob!
Bob! Bob! Bob! Bob!
Oh, Bobby!
Bob!
Oh, Bob, that was just beautiful!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Oh, just great, Bob!
What do you want to do next, Bob?
I'm going to Bob a' links!
But meanwhile, here we are back again,
in the bosom of Bob at Brushwood,
awaiting 7 a.m. tomorrow.
And how best to wait?
You know, there's so many approaches to that.
Some people say,
well, I'll let my faith keep me up all night,
and I'll be ready at 7.
Those have been known to pass out at exactly 5 minutes to 7.
I've got video to prove it.
So you'd recommend being tanned, rested, and ready for the sloth?
Well, everybody has a different way of doing it.
Some people drink all night,
so that by, or drug themselves on something.
Berries that they pick out in the woods,
or whatever crap off of cow patties.
Little grasshoppers, they'll get you off.
Dried June bugs, packed up your exit wound, that'll get you.
Anyway, personally for me, being, uh, uh,
ancient and wizened,
I always try to get a good night's sleep,
and get up and even take a shower.
Because, you know, you don't want to present a bad impression
to godlike alien creatures.
And you don't know how long it is before you'll get your next one.
Right.
You don't know how long it's going to be before you'll have a body again,
to clean.
Body odor.
Body odor.
Now, here we go.
Okay, good. Um, okay, good.
Um, you don't have to have all the answers.
And you certainly don't have to have all the answers.
Um, um, it-
We got a problem here, Bob smells all the time.
Yeah, yeah. Um-
Oh, bad is not helpful.
Body odor.
Yes, yes. I don't like it.
Well, he smells. Okay, thanks.
Um, we are talking about another employee behind closed doors.
Um, you can be utopian as you want to be,
and you can be used, um, for nefarious purposes.
Um, right. Now, look. No.
Some of you guys, I don't know, it's going to be rough.
You're going to have to make do with some of the squamous aliens
that pass themselves off as sex goddesses.
But as Hal was saying last night, their pheromones are so strong, you won't care.
That's right.
They touched upon that in that movie Galaxy Quest.
The actor playing the actor who plays the Bones character
fell in love with an alien woman on that, and when he-
when she lost control and started squirting tentacles up out of her body,
that turned him on even more.
He was the subgenius of that movie.
Who was it was saying- that told me? I think it was Doc Fropp.
He said, I like my coffee like I like my women.
Anally.
It was one I wasn't expecting.
Who goes there, friend or enema?
Chapter 2. 2.
Which on the seventh day Doc grew herb and breathed into his nostrils dust that surveyed the hip,
the narrow fmuhub. Good. That is it. That is it, you fmuhub.
Now thou mayest freely eat of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil.
Good. Meet Fowlier. Meet woman. Call them names.
Fowlier and this is now bone of my bones. And they were both homerfats.
The really good swag of the gods, of course, is the swag shack.
Swag shack.
Swag shack.
Yeah.
Run by the beautiful Nikki Death Chick Wilde.
She was married here at this stage one year ago.
You'll want to go up there and hang around and at least pretend you're going to-
You'll buy something so you can-
I did that already.
Oh, well. Well, but not everyone has.
Pretending is an important skill for subgeniuses.
You know, that's another thing.
There seems- a lot of the younger Bobby types seem to think that to be a good subgenius
you should run up to police officers with a joint in your mouth going,
Praise Bob, have you heard the good news?
Friends, those are the kind of subgeniuses that the rest of us are not.
Avoid and run away from.
We're not trying to save that cop.
Okay?
For one thing, he might already be a subgenius.
And running around assuming that a subgenius must be some nerd with a pipe in his mouth
and a Bob t-shirt, sure.
Anybody's got 30 bucks.
Let's face it.
As Onan put it, the best way to share the word is to make people think they've discovered
it themselves.
No one is saved harder than the pathetic drunk laying in the gutter who finds a pamphlet
washing up in that muddy stream bumping up against his nose.
Those are the ones who later-
Sure, he may be penniless then, but those are the ones who are saved by Bob.
They repent, get a job that they can later quit, and actually contribute.
Whereas, you know, if you-
Make your friends sit down, oh look at this video I just got from subgeniuses, it's great.
Well, you look like a religious fanatic.
Sure, we are religious fanatics.
We make the Jehovah's Witnesses look positively sane by comparison.
As well as anemic.
Right, but there's no hurry.
You know, slack comes first in the life of any initiate.
You can't cram your religion down their throat.
One thing I'll say for the Jehovah's Witnesses,
when you tell them you're not interested, they go away.
That's more than I can say for the Deanies.
Yes.
And some subgeniuses.
There's some where you just have to say,
dude, you're the other subgenius that is created by Jehovah to piss me off, so go away.
And they always think you're kidding.
Yes, these jolly subgeniuses will never be chap-fallen or discouraged.
They have too much positivity.
They have too much energy.
They haven't matriculated from the college of hard knocks.
But what Ivan Stang says is perfectly true.
What is easier, to learn how to get somewhere, to be driven there or to drive yourself?
It makes all the difference.
If you take yourself to Bob, you will know how to get there.
But somebody else, helpfully, trying to take you there, will not do you that much of a favor.
At any rate, the time for all of this is rapidly dwindling.
As we approach that cosmic singularity, x second of x minute of x hour of x day.
Everything's gone by so fast, but there it is, tomorrow.
Now, not all of you will be there at 7 a.m.
I know from experience, there are always so many whose faith is strong, but their exhaustion is egregious.
The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak.
And we're not going to be there.
And we don't need the affidavits of all the doubting Thomases who claim that, you know, like they will deny on the time.
The time that comes, the proof is in the pudding.
If we see your face there, then we'll know you meant it.
Now, believe me, we get bitched out about that 7 o'clock a.m. time, as if we had anything to do with it here on measly little earth farm one.
That's like getting mad at a farmer's carrot.
Because the farmer has to get up early to plow.
To the excess, we're nothing but the way you and I look at mildew on our kitchen tile.
Something that's eventually we're going to have to clean up when it gets bad enough.
Except for Bob.
Bob is the one thing saying, no, this sample, take a sample of this mildew.
Take you a good whiff of it.
There's some anguish built up.
These life forms have consciousness.
They have emotions that are stored up in their bodies like batteries.
From PR News in Washington, I'm Benign or Malignant.
On Wall Street 1662313, President Bush says PR is bad.
The city's police chief says this is PR News.
A copy of the world without Bob would be imperfect indeed.
So we're hopefully we'll be heading off for the spaceships tomorrow.
But as we go.
We know the important Bob's most important lesson.
The lesson of X Day is X Day could happen any second.
We don't know what year this is.
We don't even know what damn planet this is.
So we're we sort of now at this point, it's a bit arbitrary that we guess maybe this will be 98.
Maybe this really is what they thought of as July.
Some people, of course, subscribe to the upside down 1998 theory.
That Bob really meant 8661.
But I think that's just a coincidence that he accidentally wrote it upside down and then corrected it.
It's just that we've been cheated in so many ways that we don't really know much of anything.
And that's in a way that's a blessing because that makes us a little bit more like Bob himself.
We shouldn't yearn for it though until we're really ready to accept it.
I have heard.
That.
That's that Bob spoke in a trance pronouncement that the exits are somewhat more inclined to land if the ladies take their shirts off.
That may be just some silly thing that somebody else came up with.
But you know, we can't take any risks.
This is a clothing optional campground.
Although we appreciate most of you keeping your drawers on.
Believe me.
Really.
You're so much better than the pagans that way.
I'm not sure the aliens are interested in rifling through your drawers, but they are estates and I'm sure responsive to the beautiful.
And the honesty they want to see honesty, you know, throw away that trust.
Yes.
Forget that comb over.
Yes.
We come from.
We're not going to talk.
We come from.
We're not going to talk.
We're not going to talk.
We believe.
Ex.
State.
There will be.
A mass horizon.
There will be.
A mass horizon.
A mass horizon.
We believe.
Ex.
State.
We're not going to talk.
We believe.
Ex.
State.
Ex.
State.
Ex.
Well, this is this.
Look at this field of faces.
This is one of the biggest.
Turnouts we've had.
Dr.
How.
Well, as we approach that special hour, I'm sure.
Miss.
Givings and other strange emotional.
Misfortunes.
Jags drive people to the shelter here
before the stage
as we await the descent of the great
shining silver humming ships.
There will be noisy bands
all night long tonight, I'm afraid.
The bangety slam music.
All of the ones listed in the program book
are here and will be here.
We may have to, one member of Mike Bison,
we may have to tie up and allow,
just to let him close enough
to whatever his instrument is.
And then towed him away immediately after that.
But that's what we did and it worked.
Speaking of noisy bands, here, live at X-Day,
from Ann Arbor, the Versificators.
Another thing around our town that seems to be
this myth going around that there's a
pedestrian crossing.
It's called the pedestrian right of way law.
And people just walk out into the middle of the street
with children in tow on cell phones
as if I love them or something.
And I don't.
I've written songs about how much I hate them
and here's another one.
It's called the right of way to piss me off.
I can't believe what an honor it is
to live life of you and your kids in confidence
raised by self-esteem,
flying crossing and a gold medal.
Must be a genius that's been down there
picking you all up for a cross.
My God.
.
Yeah, I found a gas in most underground.
Doesn't teach you unless you find more in the back.
Here's this guy, make him leave in a minute.
Pest ridden right of way law.
Doesn't miss so much.
Coming from the highway in the north south.
Since you own milk, you own jail in the town.
And I saw you coming from a mine law.
And that's right of way, home far and peace.
.
.
Hey, thanks.
.
The Versificators at X Day.
And they are at myspace.com slash versificators.
Before that, some collages by Nor Elpref and Leemar.
And now, a back to Hour of Slack live at Brushwood July 4th
at the campground where no Space Brothers had as yet appeared.
But otherwise, everything seems to be just fine.
The, uh, I can't believe it's not
raining.
Wotan has smiled upon us.
As a matter of fact, yesterday it was pouring rain,
and the day before it poured rain until exactly the moment
when the X Day show was supposed to start, 2 o'clock.
At that moment, the sun shot out from behind the clouds,
and all the rain instantly dried up,
just like at the Miracle of Fatima.
Maybe you were high and didn't notice how miraculous it was,
but take my word for it.
It couldn't have happened naturally.
Almost nothing out here can happen naturally.
Uh, except for bears.
That's not a joke about the bears, by the way.
And I do suggest that you young people take your LSD or whatnot
and go for a long walk out in the woods, get lost,
and then remember what I said about the bears.
That's the way I always do it.
Oh, and the, uh,
the one instruction is don't run away,
because then they smell your fear.
You back away slowly.
Yeah, that's right.
Pretend you're a bear.
Give them...
Remember, kids, bears are really just like Yogi and Boo Boo.
They just want your picnic basket.
Unless they're brown bears, in which case they really want to hold your head in their jaws
and slowly bear you.
And they'll let you down until they hear a crack.
Yeah.
And that's... makes me hungry just thinking about it.
Well, our ancestors revered the giant cave bear, Ursus spelleus,
this huge brown bear,
which lived for thousands of years revered by, uh, primitive humans.
And who is to say that the world wasn't actually created for these large, intelligent bears,
who, uh, often died a natural death,
surrounded by their offspring and loved ones?
And...
Or, in other cases, were probably beheaded by the cave people who revered them so very much.
Well, they did, and they put shrines in caves,
giving the idea that, uh, primitive people lived in caves.
Maybe some of them did, but, uh,
there are ventilation and sanitation problems,
and mainly not enough caves.
But caves are a great place to live.
And a great place to store your sacred objects.
And that's why we find them there.
Yeah, so many wonderful things.
And skulls of cave bears and... and other things.
And primitive relics of earlier religious cycles.
And now at the pinnacle of all those years of evolution,
the Church of the Subgenius is ready for the ultimate sacrifice.
The ultimate expression of the Church.
The ultimate expression of religious sensibility.
The giving of everything.
The giving of everything physical and spiritual
in one ecstatic moment
as one boards the saucers of the sect goddesses.
Oh, you... were you just talking about the giving?
Yes.
I'm more interested in the taking myself.
The receiving. Well, you know, you get that.
I really like that expression.
You get that, don't you.
I like about offence the memory of something original.
Since it's so set.
Because the bloody thing is navel
It I like about it
Forget about everything else.
I'm aimed at that.

And 1 100 hamburger BC.
2 50.
in the world because he you know he can correct god dobbs dobbs says what are you talking about
forget that dobbs is a crazy sound of a bitch dobbs dobbs dobbs dobbs dobbs dobbs dobbs dobbs
dobbs dobbs dobbs so there's dobbs distorting the bible
say are there any questions out there now later on we're going to do an ask dr howell which is a
very formal way and you should think seriously about the kind of questions you can ask dr howell
because he is almost like an oracle like the oracle of delphi only he doesn't really he doesn't
know everything but he can see
you
yes reverend eggplant
are you ready to take that one to protect
to protect your behind from rape on x day he said his anus well i was talking for radio
oh oh i'm sorry pardon me i could get real well keep keep facing bob at all times keep
your face towards bob always look towards bob and you're behind will be safe at least from bob i can't
say anything about your fellow subgeniuses and that's another problem come back okay tomorrow
morning 7 00 a.m we're lifted up we find ourselves in this pure pleasure zone where we can start
creating anything we want do we then create the biggest meanest spaceship so we can go kick dr
lakeham's ass and you know we have to be in a umpire at our school so we're gonna have to go to
his spaceship? Do we
go after our own subgenius
rivals?
My goodness,
that man came.
He really gets it.
Sheep. Sheep.
The sheep. Sheep.
That we really are sheep.
For sheep. Excellent piece.
Head, head. Reach out, reach out.
That we really are sheep.
Hey, Sting, where's
the entertainment?
You.
Dance.
I'm a Bobby.
I'm a Bobby. Where's the entertainment?
Where's my staff?
Thank you very much, Steve.
I'm sure we're not a participant.
No, I came here, come on.
Where's the party at? I came here because they said
there was going to be a Stag concert.
It is. Do, do, do, da, da, da.
Oh, a Sting?
I thought you said Sting, and I was like, please don't
say Sting.
It's a Stang
concert.
It's a Stang concert, okay?
It's not do, do, do, da, da, da.
There was actually a lot of do, do involved
in the Fat Freak show.
And, uh,
you were on.
That's what I like about that band.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.


Let's go.
Let's go.

Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Rock and soul
Rock and soul
Rock and soul
Rock and soul
Wow
Fat Free there from Brooklyn
Live at X Day 11
A studio version of that song
Rock and Sauce is at
MySpace.com
Slash Fat Free Music
Before that
Nor El Collage
And now after censoring
Some material about Sacred Goats
We continue with Hour of Slack
Live with
Dr. Howe
So now you know why a goat
And as far as the first question
About protecting one's anus
One must go to the animal kingdom
The bear
Inserts a plug
Called a tampion
When it hibernates to keep ants from getting in
And this is something that
You might consider also
You have some in your bag
Pisces has some tampions
Not a tampon
It's called a tampion with an I
It's a plug that the bear chews
Of tar from trees and other things
But humans can come up
With something more complicated
I'm sure
In fact friends
As Bob Prophecy says
Humans will wear
Broomsticks
In their butts
As plugs to replace Bob's dick
I guess you could say
And so remember
Even though the stock market
Is in pretty lousy shape right now
This is the time to invest
In cheap brittle broomsticks
You can look on the internet
And there are ads for
Jeweled butt plugs
With hearts and diamonds
And things on the end of them
So you know
Every time that
A subgenius cartoonist
Comes up with a silly satirical gag
That he thinks is just too absurd
And funny
And maybe this won't even work
Because it's too crazy
Somebody else
Makes money on it
Next day it's on Fox News
And somebody else
Is already making money off it
Look at those damn
Insight commercials
Cripes
That guy's going to prison
For 90 years
And his mom
But the ads are still on
When we finally do a Bob movie
We'll have to hire
That smiling Bob bitch
Hell yeah
Oh my God

That is all
In our dalam
And we literally
Ch Cinüllt


Sing the finest intermittent.
Play for nuts.
Give it a hand.
Bob, Bob, Bob.
For it wants to off your family.
Makes you wonder what makes a man successful.
Brains?
Talent?
Maybe it's some other thing.
Nothing, nothing, nothing.
Lash of subgenius.
Well, you can't, you can't photograph J.R. Bob Dobbs
anymore.
It's been, I think 1967 or 68 was the last known period
when you could photograph Bob without it fogging your film
or erasing your videotape.
The Air Force is working on a new thing called ghost imaging,
which I can't explain how it works,
but I think what they're shooting for is to try to nail down
a picture of Bob again.
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Not just any Bob.
Remember, friends, Bob is the most common name in the English language.
Every time you see the name like Bob's Liquors or Bob's Hamburgers,
it's not necessarily magic.
In the case of the ones near here, it is.
What's odd is that the Bob images are fogged on a disc
looking as if they were a piece of film,
which was similarly fogged.
Obviously.
Obviously, not all of us live up to all of the Ten Commandments
because one of the number one commandments was no comic books,
no pictures of Jesus,
no pictures of anything.
That's one of the Ten Commandments.
Graven images.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So how many people stick by that one?
Only the Muslims.
They'll kill you for making a Bob card.
They too are people of the book.
And I believe...
I believe that the so-called Islamofascists or whatever they are
will ultimately win.
They will prevail and we will lose.
Because they're dedicated and they care.
And we don't.
We don't care.
We just want entertainment.
And they're fanatics and they are motivated.
If only we could be similarly motivated.
I'm not trying to shoot myself in the foot here,
but frankly...
It only cost $25 to join Al-Qaeda.
And you get two little metal pins and three bumper stickers.
And they save their money in that cult too.
They...
If you requisition a car from Al-Qaeda,
you'd better use it only for Al-Qaeda business
and then give it back.
You know, if you get money for a hotel,
you have to give every penny back to Al-Qaeda
that you don't use in the name of Allah,
the All-Merciful, the Compassionate.
The Compassionate.
But we have expense accounts.
So who's going to win?
Our suicide bombers do not walk into convenience stores
wearing vests made of little bombs.
Our suicide bombers ride a motor scooter into Disneyland
with a small tactical nuke strapped to their back
and then pedal away as fast as they can.
Then there's also the slack bomb
from those little jack chicks.
Like subgenius pamphlets.
They perhaps do the most damage of all.
From the standpoint of the conspiracy.
The slack bomb.
Yeah.
Because that's really what they fear the most.
With slack, one isn't going to be a consumer.
With slack, you're deciding what you want to do
and then doing it.
That is what the pink most fears.
The moment of decision where it's like,
they have to make decisions.

They have to make their own choice
which channel they're going to watch.
Which job they're going to have.
These things drive them nuts.
If they really have to make the decision themselves.
As Magdalene said,
the subgenius first expects, waits for the miracle
and then gets off its butt.
But at least the subgenius knows what it wants.
You've noticed that we have never told anyone
what slack is.
Because it's going to be different for them.
It's going to be different for every one of you.
Some of you, it's a nice warm tampion
keeping those ants out.
And that's all you need.
To others, slack is an endless supply of cheap beer
and crappy TV shows.
No problem with that.
A lot of us are that sort of slackmeister.
Some people get slack by being anal compulsive workers
that never stop.
I don't think I've ever known Motomac there
and I've never seen him in my sleep.
And I'm usually only happy when I'm unhappy.
So, you know, we all have different ways.
Many of you are familiar with the writings
of assassinated Nen Master Nenslow.
Many people hate Nenslow because he's so blunt
and honest and he's always right.
And he is obnoxious and so forth.
But if somebody so many times,
I mean every week somebody goes,
well you're just a bitter old man.
What's the point of having slack?
And once a year or so Nenslow goes,
no, this is my slack.
Hating you is my slack, dumbass.
Slack, you don't go out and get slack.
The subgenius must have slack.
You already have the slack.
That's why you're the subgenius.
The trick is to not let the conspiracy distract you.
How many times have you looked at the news
and gone, oh my God, those poor people in China,
they're all dying in that earthquake.
Oh Jesus, there's horrible floods in Indiana.
Oh gosh, the show's going to be canceled.
You can't do anything about any of those things.
How much, what slack?
Now, if you happen to be near the flood,
you might gain slack going down there
and bravely throwing sandbags.
Until some muskrat burrows through
and destroys your slack once and for all.
In the end, Bob will always win.
Whether he comes as a muskrat in the night
or an unexpected rainstorm at Brushwood
that forces you into shelter with someone you didn't meet
and even though you're shy,
why, three hours later, you find yourself
having sex with that person.
You don't, that's what we call involuntary slack.
That moment when something happened,
you thought you were about to win the golden ring of slack.
You'd been working so hard
at that project or that thing
or that desired person of the whatever sex
and you're almost there
and suddenly the car wreck
or the rainstorm
or the bill comes in
or whatever.
You suddenly discover one of your nuts is missing.
Well, you never know
but that, what you think is a terrible disaster
may be what saves you and often is.
Because 24 hours later,
you're going, my God, I'm free.
My car is destroyed.
I can't go to work.
I lost that job.
I can do anything I want now.
And as we said, the worst thing that happens
when you repent and quit your job
is you get a better job.
Which is that much more fulfilling to quit
after having donated what you could out of it to the church.
And getting as many paper clips and staples
as you can walk away with.
I'm out of the country by the end of 2010.
But U.S. beach volleyball team member Misty May says
You know, try to find solutions.
A federal appeals court has thrown out federal judges.
Attorney General Michael Mukasey is urging Congress
to come up with new rules for PR news in Washington.
He wants Congress to set up rules for PR.
PR's bad.
Oh, the tawdry world of the conspiracy.
We must use its standards.
We must use its standards of measure even here
as we approach ultimate purification and absolution.
And now I see a question out there.
Well, first of all, when you have...
Space cottage cheese...
The very fabric of space cottage cheese
could be ripped, I suppose.
Cottage cheese is what we in America call
the ancient potation known as curds and whey.
You may remember, if you know your classics,
that a certain Miss Muffet was eating this
when frightened by a large spider.
Actually, there's an interesting story behind that
because her father,
Mr. Muffet,
was one of the earliest experts on spiders
in the 17th century.
But this has nothing to do with the particular problem.
The fact is the whey,
the runny parts of the cottage cheese,
is first drawn in by the gravitational anomaly
and then, and only then,
followed by the super compressed stream
of the solids of the cheese.
But it was only found out recently
that black holes, though they take in everything,
also squirt out enormous lances of energy
perpendicular to the plane of them.
And at the center of every galaxy,
there's a black hole.
And squirting out on either side
for an unthinkable distance
is a large plasma,
which in this case would be the very best
and most refined part of the cheese.
Goes in here, comes out there.
And perfectly preserved
in the nature's refrigerator of outer space.
I've noticed, Dr. Howell,
that a lot of sci-fi programs and books
seem to speculate that one could dive into a black hole
and come squirting out in some other,
especially scheduled time and place.
Well, you'll come out as cottage cheese, unfortunately.
It always seemed to me
that that would be a risky way of space travel.
Your feet might be together,
but your head will be pulped
because you'd have to go at a really fast rate.
I don't know.
There may be a solution to that.
I don't know the answer.
It seems a risky thing to me.
I wouldn't want to try it.
Now, speaking of which, friends, now,
7 a.m. comes tomorrow.
And, Price Bob, let's hope it's the day.
If you see your fellow subgeniuses
burst into flames, screaming,
don't get uptight.
And if you yourself start to feel the agonies of hell,
they seem to last forever.
This is, it's just your shell.
It's like changing shoes or something.
You don't need this old body.
Jim Jones explained it all in perfect detail.
Tis but a tent where takes his one day's rest
a sultan to the realm of death addressed.
The sultan rises and the dark farash strikes
and prepares it for another guest.
Dr. Howe talks real purty.
He's got a real purty mouth, don't he?
Yeah.
Polar bears are melting.
Polar bears are melting.
Polar bears are melting.
Polar bears are melting.
Polar bears are melting.
Polar bears are melting.
Polar bears are melting.
Polar bears are melting.
Polar bears are melting.
Polar bears are melting.
Polar bears are melting.
Polar bears are melting.


I didn't do it.
Lemur did it.
Yes, Dr. Holocaust.
That's not a bad question.
Did Bob buy the rights to the end of the world so that he could perpetually delay it?
Or was that it?
So...
Well, these are things for Bob to know and us to find out.
Well, why couldn't Bob be the ultimate tease and Connie be the ultimate cock tease?
That seems to fit somehow.
Bob plays in mysterious ways.
And it's all playful with Bob, as you should know.
One shouldn't get too serious about Bob.
Bob's grin says it all.
All the books, pamphlets, records...
writings, speeches, radio shows...
are nothing compared to just looking at that face where all the answers are.
And you must always think,
there but for the face of Bob go I.
Right, all the rest of it is just accessories.
You know, you don't buy the accessories first and then the Barbie.
Well, you do if you're a Bobby or a Barbie.
Right, as well as we've...
as I realized...
I'm reading the news all day reading alt slack, there are some people who can recite every inside joke and yet they never even knew there was an outer joke.
They come as consumers.
They know that the outside joke is them.
And they see it.
They see the punchline every morning in the mirror.
The few of them that actually look in a mirror, have that much concern about personal hygiene.
Those who come to Bob as consumers.
Consumers will be themselves consumed.
Manager tools.
Manager tools.
Manager tools.
Manager tools.
Body odor.
Body odor.
Well, body odor?
The fact is, we all smell body odor.
Giving feedback.
Body odor?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
It is.
It is.
Yeah, totally.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Body odor.
I have a daughter who's now married and indeed is scheduled to whelp a new Uber baby in about
a month.
Praise Bob.
But in 1998, she was 16 years old.
And I brought my daughter here with her good-for-nothing Pobucker boyfriend.
He was scared to death.
He really didn't want to hang around.
But, you know, I was by the discipline.
The crowd was a little disappointed.
And you know how people are.
They blame poor Reverend Stang instead of Bob or whatnot.
I got stripped down naked by those three gorgeous redheads and thrown in the pond.
And my daughter did not gaze upon her father's nakedness.
And that probably saved us a lot of trouble.
Like what happened to Noah.
Yes, the daughters of Noah.
The daughters of Noah gazed upon his nakedness.
And he was having a nice dream, too, at the time.
Right.
Right.
They happened to walk in right when he was having a morning tent pole.
Yep.
And God punished them for seeing that.
Well, God has some problems, too, you know.
But Noah was doing pretty well for a guy more than 600 years old at the time.
He tried to save the dinosaurs.
Depending on which story you read.
I don't know if it's been shown yet, but that cursed...
Kurt...
Kurt...
A Kirsteiner film of Jack T. Chick interviews some of Chick's creepy friends.
And one of them is a creationist who says,
Oh, there were only about 30 dinosaurs anyway.
And there was room for them all on the ark.
This guy, I think, has been since popped for child molesting.
John Todd?
Yes.
He died.
Oh, he died?
Yeah.
Well, one of them...
He never lived to see the film about his humiliation.
Did he die while being popped for child molesting?
Well, Dr. Dark was talking about showing that video.
It's here, folks.
If it rains again, we will strive to take that projector or something up to the studios,
which is a nice big room next to the showers up there,
which we are allowed to use, especially if it's raining,
and we can all sit and watch the truth about those Jack T. Chick comics.
I trust you know what we're talking about.
The little Christian comics.
From that great underground cartoonist, Jack T. Chick.
Yeah.
Self-published.
He was infiltrated by a subgenius.
Yay!
And, in fact, has told Papa Joe Mama that he intends to do an anti-subgenius booklet
once he's finished with his life's work, which is he's doing paintings of the Bible.
Well, that's not him.
Unfortunately, he's 95 years old.
It's his friend, Fred Carter, who's doing those paintings.
He's just supervising them.
And he...


He said he would pray on it and think about what he was going to say about the Church of the Subgenius.
Fred Carter, yeah, he draws those two muscle-bound guys, the Crusaders,
who have huge chins and they're always whipping off their shirts.
He's the good artist of those comics.
It's interesting.
The Crusaders started off as a good slam-bang Christian comic series,
and it turned into anti-Catholic rants where the pictures,
got smaller and smaller, and the words got more and more,
until finally there's just a little head floating somewhere on a huge page of text.
But in the early versions of these comics, these two bozos, who look identical,
except one's black and one's white, work in some kind of manufacturing plant,
and they get the call that somewhere in Eastern Europe somebody needs Jesus.
So they go to their boss and say,
Well, Mr. Jones, we need somebody to help us.
We need some time off for work.
I think you know why.
Well, you boys are good with the Lord, so you can go ahead.
You understand I can't pay you for the time you're off.
I can't give you your salary, but go ahead.
But how are you going to get the airfare to go over there?
Oh, we know a way, don't we?
And they pray, Dear Jesus, please give us two tickets on the aisle, and so forth.
And sure enough, at that moment,
Sure enough, at that moment,
some dotty old man, some dotty old man,
some dotty old lady decides,
I think I'll just donate air tickets to...
And sure enough, there it comes.
Boy, it works every time, doesn't it?
Yep, Jesus always comes through. Praise Jesus.
You know, that's the cooperation we're always waiting for from Bob.
But Bob is not willing to be such a simpleton
and answer such easily tendered prayers.
You might think that what you want is a ticket to prove that Noah's Ark
You might think that what you want is a ticket to prove that Noah's Ark
exists or something.
But Bob knows what you really want.
And it's not that.
Bob's waiting to give you what you really desire,
but are concealing even from yourself.
You pay to know what you really think.
You pay.
That sounds snarky.
You pay.
Like we're making fun of Scientologists.
Oh, you pay, all right.
But it's really true.
Yeah.
Pay through the nose.
Speaking of Noah's Ark,
I had a visit from some Jehovah's Witnesses,
some dearly beloved Jehovah's Witnesses yesterday.
The latest issue of The Watchtower is all about Noah's Ark.
That's right.
Yes, it is.
I'm always polite to my fellow religious fanatics.
Gets rid of them sooner.
I did lie to them.
But they were saying,
I had to go.
I really admire y'all's religion.
I actually know a lot about Jehovah's Witnesses.
I know your history.
I admire your publishing outreach.
And I didn't tell them that I had deliberately,
very directly ripped off a lot of their graphics
for subgenius purposes.
I don't know if you all know the story of that.
Perhaps there's not enough time to tell it here.
But very swiftly, Kurt Kursteiner and I were riding on a bus,
and we were just having fun, having an idle conversation.
And somehow what we said offended the Jehovah's Witness
who was sitting near us, which we found out when,
he got up and flounced away,
leaving behind his special copy of a heavy Jehovah's Witness book,
which he'd been highlighting in yellow,
which was full of delightful pictures of improbable monsters and so on.
This book that he left on the bus because he was so offended by us
and our subgenius dialogue,
actually became the basis for Revelation X,
the Bob Apocrypha.
When my Jehovah's Witnesses were leaving,
I had said, look, I really don't want you to,
I'm busy and to tell the truth, I'm pretty much covered spiritually.
I think they probably figured that meant I was Jewish or something.
But I said, look, I'm behind any religion that doesn't want to kill everybody.
And they high-fived me.
But I lied, friends.
I'm in one of the few religions that admits that it really does want to kill almost everybody.
And something...
But you know what?
Every time you lie to a Jehovah's Witness,
Bob comes in his pants.
Every time.
And those slack-fold drawers are pretty stiff as we approach X Day.
That's right.
Doesn't really bear too much thinking about.
Absorb this message.
Absorb this message.

Absorb this message.
Absorb this message.
Absorb this message.
Absorb this message.
Absorb this message.
Absorb.
We always got something to do.
Slack off.
Before they go and tighten the screw.
Slack off.
Let's turn it to a human zoo.
Cage locked.
Before they make a monkey of you.
Slack off.
The clocks won't stop, no.
Always got something to do.
Slack off.
Before they go and tighten the screw.
Slack off.
Let's turn it to a human zoo.
We always got something to do.
Caged lock
Before they make a monkey of you
Slack off
No matter the cost, no
We've always got something to do
Slack off
Before they go and tighten the screw
Slack off
Let's turn it to a human zoo
Caged lock
Before they make a monkey of you
Slack off
It's the one thing we want, yeah
We've always got something to do
Slack off
Before they go and tighten the screw
Slack off
Let's turn it to a human zoo
Caged lock
Before they make a monkey of you
Slack off
It's not in the shops, no
Slack, slack, slack off
Slack, slack, slack off
Slack, slack, slack off
Slack, slack, slack off
No stick, no ears, sometimes
Subconscious mind
No stick, no ears, subconscious mind
No stick, no ears, subconscious mind
No stick, no ears, subconscious mind
We've always got something to do
Slack off
Human zoo
Before they go and tighten the screw
Slack off
Human zoo
Let's turn it to a human zoo
Caged lock
Human zoo
Before they make a monkey of you
Slack off
We've always got something to do
Slack off
Human zoo
Before they go and tighten the screw
Slack off
Human zoo
Let's turn it to a human zoo
Caged lock
Human zoo
Before they make a monkey of you
Slack off
Before they make a monkey of you
Slack off
Human zoo
Before they make a monkey of you
Slack off
Human zoo
Slack off
Reverend Max Slack did that, Human Zoo.
The Subgenius Zoo, however, with its books, DVDs, CDs, and 50,000 members and so forth,
can be found at subgenius.com.
This background music behind me right now is Calvin Ball, recorded live at X-Day,
recording by Partner Nostril.
And during the live hour of Slack shows, the music was by yours truly,
Reverend Ivan Stang, some of it, plus some jams from Starwood,
some from Lamprey Systems, and Bob only knows what else.
Praise Bob.
Then the slaughter of the innocents actually took place,
and was otherwise called The Subgenius Hour of Slack.
Yarr, yarr, yarr, yarr, yarr, yarr.
Out by the hill and boozled mountains,
the plans of yore.
She plannixed her road to the big,
the wide,
from the shore.
All that well, but no peace,
just head and tall.
Is she vulgenation?
Popular,
garrison?
She is quite all,
tall.
