There are people out there. We hear you.
Yay.
Yes, how may I assist you?
Your time has come.
For what?
The Self Genius Hour of Slack.
Thanks to the large for that.
Yes, dear friends.
This Hour of Slack number 1319 is the first time I've actually spoken on the show since we got back from X Day Drill number 14.
Actually, it was the 16th one.
As well as the 16th one.
As well as Starwood Festival.
Because since that day I have been counting money and unpacking and mainly cataloging the media recorded by myself, Reverend Shaw, Ministry of Slack, and many others during both events.
Some of the best X Day photos are already up on subgenius.com.
Adults only.
But we had two to three bands a day at X Day.
Followed by ranting and jamming and more than one hour or Ministry of Slack every day.
And I'm still not done prepping all these hundreds of files and deprogramming all these damn new zombies we picked up.
The X Day drill at our new site, Wisteria, went great as did Starwood.
In fact, X Day had a record turnout possibly because we banned so many of the songs.
And we had the problematic drunks and mal-aligned normals and pink boys from previous years.
The Wisteria staff was great.
Their food was great.
They went out of their way to do us extra favors.
Especially the night we burned Bob to death.
And the campground is very near the incredibly cool college town of Athens.
Ohio, not Georgia or Greece.
Anyway, you can read all about it on subgenius.com and you'll be hearing some intense stuff from it on upcoming hours of Slack.
But for this one, well, like I say, I'm still trying to get some whole band sets cut up song by song.
And to censor the secrets from some otherwise humorous and inspiring location recordings.
Like the Bobtism.
So this episode, like last week's, might mostly be the first link to the Bobtism.
But this live hour of Slack we recorded on the first day on Wisteria Cafe's main stage with special guests Papa Joe Mama, Dr. Howell, Priestess Pisces.
Heard in the background.
The second hour of that first hour, actually, one could say.
The deadline is tonight.
So I'm in a hurry and I won't really know what this show's going to be until I hit the 59 minute mark.
If somebody refers to a band, I might cut to them.
I'll have to see.
There'll probably be a lot more music in future shows once I get this mess slightly more under control.
I haven't even had time to set up my home studio.
Which is why I'm recording this intro on my mini recorder while pacing around the office.
With music recorded the very first night by an impromptu band.
I think what we're hearing is...
Reverend Hazel of the Windmills on sitar.
Probably Reverend Suds on guitar.
And Princess Wee and Priestess Pisces chanting.
And possibly the sound of my air conditioner.
Praise that wonderful machine.
And now, whatever comes next.
Music
In fact, every time you see one of those Dobbs heads, it sees you back.
There may be a soul trapped inside every Dobbs head.
You know that theory, Ivan?
That Dobbs heads sometimes contain trapped souls who mocked and scoffed.
And then they took another look at the head and before they knew it, in fact they never knew it,
their actual soul from thenceforth was in that Dobbs head.
Actually, some people have Dobbs head trapped within them.
Sort of like the Phantom Zone.
No, actually, Pisces is speaking literally.
Her optometrist found a spot...
On my retina.
On the retina in the shape of a Dobbs head silhouette.
Well, that just comes from looking at the damn face too long.
Hell, I've got that.
In Pisces' vision, there is literally a tiny blank space.
A small spot in the shape of a Dobbs head.
But this is an honor.
That she doesn't see all the time.
Not consciously, but part of her mind always sees it.
If she looks at the light...
Part of your mind always sees it, though.
You can't always have it out there consciously.
No.
But you're seeing.
You know, a lot of what we see, what we think, what we plan, everything is not done on the conscious level.
Your so-called consciousness is just a traffic cop directing your brain.
Your brain's doing a lot.
And you're doing a lot of things that you don't even know about.
Well, you may have Bob's image embedded on your retina.
You can certainly develop Bob's image embedded on your retina if you look and stare at Bob's image enough.
The question isn't so much, is it true that if you stare at the sun and then close your eyes, do you see Bob's image?
I mean, that is a high plane to shoot towards.
But the real plane that you want to reach towards is being able to close your eyes at night, open them,
and then project Bob's image into the sky.
That is where we are all going towards.
Like the bat signal.
Well, that, of course, represents the most advanced level that we wouldn't expect everyone else to be able to do.
And it's eerie.
I wish he wouldn't do it, especially while he's driving.
That is what really bugs me.
Does it work like headlights at all?
It's worse than shining your brights at somebody who's coming.
But he doesn't care.
And he doesn't care who's riding with him.
You have to be careful, though.
I mean, if you get to the nth degree, you have to shut one eye.
Because if you do both eyes, then you have dueling Bobs.
Yes, two Bobs is a terrible concept.
A Bob and an Abomination.
There's only one Bob.
Any other thing that pretends to be Bob you want to shun like the plague.
Because it is the plague.
Here's something else.
Lots of people, maybe well-meaning, try to friend me on Facebook.
And they say their name is J.R. Bob Dob.
I will not truck with them.
I will not either.
And you're not going to be able to do that.
But you know what?
Each one of them do not put the sacred quotes around the name Bob.
They write out J.R. Bob Dob like it was any ordinary Pobucker name.
And those quotes are so essential.
In some cases, they might actually be Pobuckers named Robert Dob.
They might, but that's no excuse.
Now, on the other hand, anybody who's named Bob who asks you to do something, you ought to examine that request.
There might be something in it for you.
That's important.
The name Bob is significant.
And the name Bob appears more than you think it does and is entangled in more things than you think it is.
But, of course, you have to use your own judgment because you are a better judge since you are a subgenius.
And don't be fooled that just because it has the word Bob in it that you're going to trust in it.
Remember, even the name Beelzebub has Bob in it.
No, that's Beelzebub, Bob.
Your Bob has got Bob in it.
My Bob has got Bob in it.
There's a child of Bob that we don't talk about much.
There is a horrible child of Bob known as Bob.
But, you know, that's really, that's high.
It's an abomination.
A simple rule of thumb is Bob himself said, if you meet me on the highway, kill me.
The reason he said that is because if that person claiming to be Bob Dobbs dies, then you know you've just killed another pretender.
Well, many people out of those prophets.
We have to kill Bob. He cannot die.
We tried. Believe me.
He can't be killed.
We have visual proof.
The undying monster.
Many times.
Many, many times.
We tried to kill him.
We thought he was dead.
We even saw the pipe broken at one point.
But it all grew back.
He bounces back like a Warner Brothers cartoon character.
I held it in my hands, the broken pipe.
There's like a ritual now.
It's part of your development.
Your, I don't want to say spiritual development, but it's one of the stages that you go through.
At first you love Bob and you praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
But there is a point in your life, brothers and sisters.
Where you have to take the next step.
To truly understand and love Bob, you have to kill Bob.
Yes, you have to kick against the traces.
This may be actually represented to you in this confusing veil of illusion that we call life as killing Bob.
But if you can successfully surmount this step, then your infancy is over.
Your skin will split from stem to stern.
And this Chrysalis stage being discarded, the new glistening you will emerge.
Better than ever before.
And better before Bob.
To serve Bob is to kill Bob.
And to kill Bob is to love Bob.
And to kill Bob is to serve Bob.
Serving the self is to serve and kill yourself for Bob.
Serving suggestion.
Serves eight billion.
If you meet Bob on the road, kill him.
Meow meow.
Meow meow meow meow meow meow meow.
Meow.
Meow.
Meow.
Meow.
Hey me principalmente
Bob's is now in town.
Bob is here to help us right now.
Right meow?
Right now.
Right meow?
Right now.
Right now.
Meow.
So I don't know, we're continuing to do this radio broadcast here, but this should not all be one way coming from us to you.
So if anyone has a topic that he would like to see introduced, or if anyone has a question that she would like to ask, now is the time.
Meow mix?
Meow mix.
Later.
Meow meow.
It's not a dance thing.
It's actually an optical effect.
The answer to meow mix is not meow.
Women and cats don't actually do that.
No.
All you have to do is make it up.
As you go along.
Everybody's welcome.
There's no set words
or rules
to this song.
Come on.
Somebody set something up.
You want to sing it out?
Make it up the scale a lot.
Okay, guys.
Try to get it right.
Everybody knows this one.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
Well, cats do represent a strange animal in the Gobsian animal kingdom.
Well, of course, the cat is sacred in ancient Egypt, and the cat is off on its own trip.
So cats are well-known fellow travelers.
Cats have a lot of slack.
They don't have to travel in packs like dogs and humans.
And with cats, the pecking order is limited to whoever is around.
And there's no high calculation which must be made as to who is the alpha creature.
And yet even the mighty lion down to the smallest tabby,
they all ex-grove meditate in the same manner and hide their feces in sand.
Some they hide, some they boldly spray so that others know that the king of beasts is in the area.
Some say the sand drawings of the monks in Tibet actually evolved from patterns placed pawpats
and sacred kitty litter boxes.
Well, those monks know a good idea when they see it, and they take it up.
Surely we honor the big cats as well.
The giant lion with iron claw and paw and huge ruthless tooth in gory jaw.
The pard, dark-starred fleet upon feet that oft soft from aloft leaps on his meat
where woods loom in gloom, fierce and free.
Though tamed is he, the fat cat.
On the mat, kept as a pet, does not forget.
Lay us down a funk bit, and cat feather and myself and pockets, if she's around,
we'll do more meow songs per request.
Meow, meow, meow, meow.
Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow
Meow.
Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow
Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow.
Meow, meow.
Meow, meow, meow, meow
Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow
You know, I think that the cat may be teaching us a very valuable lesson as subgeniuses on how to deal with a conspiracy.
For think just a moment.
Think just a moment.
If you notice, cats are really good with mind control.
For example, I know some of you out there have this problem.
A cat will walk in front of you.
Not too far, not too close.
You make eye contact and you say, kitty.
And then that cat is making connection to your brain and you go, kitty, kitty, kitty.
Here, kitty, kitty.
And then if they work it just right, they will climb in your lap and they will purr.
And then you will get up at 6 o'clock in the morning to get the can out of the cabinet to feed kitty wet food.
You can't let them train you.
If you do that, they'll never, ever let you sleep again from 6 o'clock in the morning.
The point I'm making, Hal, is this is a lesson for subgeniuses to learn.
You need to learn how to get the conspiracy to get you the canned food out of the cabinet at 6 in the morning.
You train the conspiracy to get your can.
And also because you lack the opposable thumb that the conspiracy has,
you train the conspiracy to open the can and even to serve it out in your commodious plastic dish.
And if the conspiracy will not clean out your litter box,
do not hesitate to crap in the conspiracy's shoes.
And to spray it a memento message.
The conspiracy sure had my can for a long time.
But the most important rule is to make sure that you do not emulate the cat
that gets itself castrated by the conspiracy.
And declawed, primped and patted and puffed as if it was a huge wad of dough,
staring out with two little greed-smeared eyes from the ruin of what was once...
an alpha predator.
Those windows to the soul they will essentially pluck out and replace with green marbles
when they freeze dry your remains and place you on the shelf.
You're not gonna let them dumb-asticate you now, are ya?
You wanna be like that tomcat struttin' with them hangin' and your tail high
and yowling your barbaric yawp at the top of the fence, just like in all those Warner Brothers cartoons.
Meow!
Because...
Meow!
Because, uh, they are filling a vacuum which nature abhors.
These sounds are necessary for the somnolent, snoozing conspiracy Elmer Fudd's to hear.
Meow!
Meow!
Meow!
Meow!
Meow!
Meow!
Meow!
Meow!
Meow!
Meow!
Meow!
Meow!
Meow!
Meow!
Meow!
Meow!
Meow!
Meow!

Meow!
Meow!
Meow!
Meow!
Meow!
Meow!
Meow!
Meow!
Meow!




Small to Jizz.
Meow, meow.
Meow, meow.
Meow, meow!
Meow!


Meow, meow!
Meow!
Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow,
I gotta tell you, I think this is the dumbest fucking shit we've ever done and it's awesome.
It's the fucking greatest, best, best, best ever!
Another fun trick is to place two white stripes down your back, like Mr. Le Plus.
That would be the pole cat, not a true cat, but we had evidence of those in the campground the other night.
They knew the subgeniuses were here and so they emitted a fragrant cloud to remind us in turn of their presence.
Also, the kitty cat can see in the dark because he has a tapet.
A membrane at the back of the eye. He can see more than you can.
They say that now that the skunks, the pole cats, are becoming the number one preferred pet of choice in the conspiracy.
But they will take away the scent glands that you can't put out that essential essence, the perfume of a true skunk.
Oh yes, they take away the true essence of everything because if it has an individuality or essence,
it collides with the conspiracy and its purposes.
So they'll turn a work of divine art into a Thomas Kinkade painting.
Do you think the smell of a skunk is repulsive to another skunk?
No!
Actually, it smells like a certain herb that we all use from time to time.
It's not a bad smell, you just don't want to get in close range because then it's acid and it burns into your skin.
It can blind you because...
That would be a case of too much.
And too much is always better than not enough.
Except there is the coda which was left out, which Reverend Stone included earlier.
Anyway, it's only idiots who are so unreserved as to stick their faces into a skunk's butt.
Yes.
Okay.
Well, weren't the idiotes that...
The ones who couldn't vote in ancient Athens and Sparta.
But they have no ability to determine our future and their own future is sadly set.
Even though now we are in modern Athens.
This music in the background is from the moment when the time traveler returns back to the past from the future.
The future where he has found that thanks to class division,
the world has been divided.
And the world has been divided into these sickly, wimpy, little...
Feline.
Humans who look more like children.
Pleasure lovers.
And these hulking, beastly looking, carnivorous, but technically advanced creatures, the Morlocks,
who would appear to the sheepish Eloi as monsters.
As we all know, we, the subgeniuses, are those Morlocks.
Yes.
We are the ones who are driven underground, certainly.
The pinks, meanwhile, get to the point where they're so used to being served everything by robots,
created by we Morlocks,
that they dwindle down to helpless, just cattle, basically, sheep.
Really, really sheep.
Oh, by the way...
Livestock.
Some of you may have heard the term, you know, sheep.


And sheeple used a lot, especially by a certain type of person.
Bishop Joey, for example.
The way I look at it is the sheeple are the people who use the word, who call everybody
else, the sheeple.
Could be, could be.
A word can contaminate you and you don't even know it.
Well, I mean, think about the ones who use that term all the time.
You stupid sheeple.
You're just like sheep.
You're just like sheep.



Because sheeple are the people who are usually led around by the main, the lamestream media.
And you don't understand that 2012, the Rockefellers are...
These are the people who have those simple, well, actually, those complex.
To them it's these complex secret conspiracies that only they know about, and all the, everybody
else is too blinded and idiotic to understand.
The impulse to be awake.
But what they don't know...
What those people don't understand is how simple the real conspiracy is.
The real conspiracy is the part that makes you divide the world up into us and them.
It forces that division.
That is the real conspiracy.
It's the thing that makes you think that it's all so simple and so black and white
that you can look at somebody and go,
oh, well, he doesn't have any tattoos, so he's pink or old.
Or that person doesn't have a Dobbshead t-shirt on, so he's not a true subgenius.
It may be exactly the opposite.
The true subgenius knows that, I may have said this before,
only Bob can judge a book by its cover.
A true conspiracy.
Playboy magazine, actually, is more common than what he's judging.
It's...
We'll get...
We'll get these people who come up to us and say,
yeah, Reverend Sang, I really understand what you're saying.
Well, those are the ones that I know are either lying or deluding themselves.
I know that for a fact because I, myself, don't really understand what I'm saying.
I'm merely doing what Bob told me to do, and I don't question that.
I don't have to understand it.
Bob said it, and that's all.
There is to it.
It doesn't have to make sense according to our little tiny world.
That's what faith is all about.
Any religious nut will tell you that about their God.
Bob sold it.
I bought it.
That settled it.
We happen to be right.
The moment you start to understand what the religion is about is no longer a faith.
You need to just believe in it.
If you could only speak what was possible to understand, there would be no need to articulate it at all.
Just as a conspiracy, if we could really label it and put it in...

In a simple little box, it wouldn't be a conspiracy anymore.
A real conspiracy is like physics.
It's universal.
It's not in the United States.
It's not the Rockefellers.
It's not the Jews.
It's an entire world conspiracy.
It doesn't exist from just the, oh, when Abraham Lincoln was shot, or it didn't start...
Well, then everyone knows that was a conspiracy.
Well, that was part of the conspiracy, but the real conspiracy started way on back to the inception of man.
It lasts forever.
It will last.
It will always be there, but it's up to us to put the boundaries that will limit it and place it in those reservations so that we will always remember it in the future.
We don't want to completely eliminate it.
We just want to eliminate its impact on our lives.
Back to those concentration camps.
Well, I know you want to be in charge of those, and I certainly wouldn't get in your way.
I want to be the Captain Wurtz of the concentration camp dedicated to conspiracies.
Now he's talking about some sad...
I'm not.
I'm not.














Yes, we take all these burdens on ourselves, but a lot of the time we weren't even there, and it's not really our fault.
We're just trying to hash this out.
Back to the Morlocks for a moment.
People shudder because they're such spooky monsters.
Monsters, schmonsters, they are the human race.
They are our descendants.
And also, they looked so fat in that movie, but that's because they only had fat guys in the monster suits.
Let's remember that in the novel,
they were scrawny and monkey-like.
More like the technicians of today tend to be.
And it's all relative, too.
I mean, remember what the Eloi were like.
The beautiful people, but they were puny little people.
They were degenerate.
They were in a state of decay.
And why?
Because if you get what you want, then you have no reason for living.
By the way, when we talk about the time machine, which is a subgenius Bible,
we're not...
talking about the Paul Wells movie of 2002.
Certainly not.
That was a conspiracy pink job in which the whole reason the human race splits up is because of an industrial accident on the moon and the...
more...
Oh, it's just sickening.
Boy, did that one bite the green weenie.
Only the George Powell 1960s time machine is considered...
It's better.
Somebody still has to make it.
I think the definitive version...
And the original book, of course, by H.G. Wells.
I think Hal was pointing out the other day that if we have a saint, H.G. Wells would certainly be one of them.
You know, there is a chapter that's left out of many of the copies of the book.
In fact, most of them, where the time traveler goes from the time of the Morlocks and Eloi
and stops before he gets to the final beach.
And he finds even more degenerate remnants of humanity.
Which are now like rabbits hopping around.
And he brains one and thinks he might kill it.
But unfortunately he can't make that decision because a giant centipede is headed his way.
And he has to get back in the time machine.
Did you read that part?
Was it a human centipede?
No, it's a giant centipede 30 feet long.
Which is coming at him slowly but steadily.
And it interferes with his ability to make the examination.
Is that the one where he feels a tickle on the side?
No, that's in the...
The giant crab.
That's the giant crab's...
The giant crab's feeler many thousands of centuries later.
I missed that in between...
It's not in every copy but it's a good one because it shows that even...
That it's possible to degenerate even more than the Eloi and to become this brainless
hopping thing whose remote ancestor was a human being.
Another really, really great book that I would recommend to everyone and it's free on the
internet is the book Evolution by Stephen Baxter.
Oh.
Excellent.
Normally a science fiction writer and in a way it is science fiction but it covers the
history of mammals from the ancestors of a particular woman alive today to their very
Into the far future.
Living descent.
Into the last gasps of our tortured planet.
At which point we're just parasites of a tree.
Living in this huge boujum tree.
You know, one of my favorite Shakespearean quotes is, me thinks out there.
I'm reminded of that when I see movies like the remake of the Time Machine.
It wasn't enough for them to remake it and to destroy its true essence.
They had to get a relative of H.G. Wells to do it.
To really undercut his essential genius in that first novel.
And whenever the conspiracy tries to take something and run it into the ground, they
always try to co-op something.
Right.
They will take it and they will try to over expose it and they'll try to make it just
less palatable.
That's the best way that they destroy something.
And that should be for us the essential signal that there really is something to the original.
Otherwise why would they pump the millions of dollars to remake that movie?
Why would they hire H.G.
Why would they bribe H.G. Wells?
Because the conspiracy in its vampire brain thought there were still some Jews.
They wanted to get the Jews to be sucked out of this piece of art.
And they also wanted to undermine the central premise.
And what better way to do it?
Well this is another H.G. Wells relative.
This is what the movie was really about.
This is what H.G. Wells himself would have done if he just had CGI.
That's what they would have you believe, dear friend.
He had something better than that which is the legitimacy of invention.
The human imagination.
You know all the ideas in science fiction, every single one of them, come from H.G. Wells'
seven novels.
Space travel, time travel, movement at great speed, little things becoming giant, invisibility.
That bastard covered everything.
Well he exploited those possibilities.
And he wrote with a major prose style.
He left Bob and slack for us.
In the days of the comet, Bob has some appearance.
And also the novels.
The novels.
The novels of the far future.
He predicted atomic warfare and atomic bombs pretty good for 1890 in his novel The World
Set Free.
He explained how the chain reaction would take place.
He invented the internet and called it the world brain in the 30s.
He was definitely a far-seeing proto-subgenius.
And yet he had one essential mistake and that is that he thought that he could change the
system by joining the system.
He himself ran as a socialist candidate and thought that he would bring in a new innovation
into the world, a new world order if you will.
Well of course it failed just as L. Ron Hubbard thought he could create his own religion and
that it would somehow be better than the other religions.
No, they all become corrupt because he didn't have Bob.
And without Bob there is no hope.
That's why we are here.
Wells himself was exhausted at the end of his career when he wrote Mind at the End of
Its Tether.
When he saw we were gearing up for yet another era.

Another war and ignoring all of his recommendations.
Well his problem was though he got preachy.
He got old and cranky and preachy and he forgot that you got to entertain him first.
Exactly.
And kind of slide your message.
Entertain him first.
Make it fun.
Use the entertainment or the comedy as a roofie so to speak.
Exactly.
Your date rate drug.
To seduce the user into compliance.
To seduce the user into compliance.
That's when you slip in the real.
Message.
A dollop of seditious.
A dollop of philosophical thought.
The best way to deliver the poison is to outnumber it to let's say 98% real corn and only 2%
arsenic.
Get it in there.
Get it down in the gut.
Get him to eat plenty of it.
And then let it spread from there.
Ah yes, Dr. Kirsteiner's Cracker Barrel Home Remedies.
I have my copy.
Well, the good news is is that there's so much of that.
Religious poison out there that we're actually antidote to it.
They just don't realize it yet.
Just give me fra.
Just give me fra.
Money.
Put it so I can pay up.


Here we go.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Here we go.






Here we go.
budget I mean bargen for my cuál moderated package that I now not shotgun.

that, but this guy has a great schedule.
Who were you.
Who are all the presents from your animals.

Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
We're getting ready now to hear a message
if you've never heard one before.
None other than the one and only
elder and fine brother
in the Lord,
Marsha Taylor.
We thank you, brothers and sisters
and friends all over
this country. And we're going
to
bring a message, hopefully,
that'll help thousands
of people all over the country.
All over the world.
Replace the word devil with
pigs. Devil with
pigs. Replace.
Keep your composure.
Maintain your
tranquility and your equanimity.
But don't
let the devil
mess up your mind.
Remember to keep Google and
whatever you may be
Kate.
I hope you find


If you put prayer into your
heart,
it's no longer new.
Now there's a
time now
for yer
And while I was on that crowd, I felt like I had a pocket full of money and my baby was still in mine.
But when I came back down to earth, and that whiskey left me, that wine, that dope left me,
my pocketbooks were still on me, and my baby was still gone.
Don't let the devil mess up your mind.
We're living in a world where people seem to be going crazy.
But if he can get control of your mind, he can cause you to do strange and ungodly things.
Don't let the devil blow your mind.
He's always putting stuff in your mind and getting your mind confused.
He'll make you think you're gonna die, make you think you're sick when you're not sick.
He'll put some kind of evil force in your mind about your neighbor.
He'll make you think people are talking about you.
I'll say that nobody loves you when they love you all the time.
But that is the devil's job.
Come around and say, but when I can't find a home, I'll catch a cab.
If I can't catch a cab, I'll catch a bus.
If I can't catch a bus, I'll go on heels.
I'll go on heels until God bless me to ride on wheels.
Let me say, yeah.
Can I quit?
No.
Can I quit?
I have been on the road.
Thank you very much.
Whenever something evil comes to you in your mind,
whenever a lie pops up in your mind,
think of things that are honest,
think of things that are lovely,
and things of a good report.
But you've got to have the power.
But you've got to have the power.
Yeah.
And you have got the power.
Ah, yeah.
And you've got to have the power.




Don't let the devil
Ah, yeah.
glue your mind.
Yeah.
Don't let the devil
Ah, yeah.
glue your mind.
Ah, yeah.
Don't let the devil
Ah, yeah.
glue your mind.
Don't let the devil
Uh-uh.
glue your mind.
Ah, yeah.
Yeah.
Don't let the devil


épisode 3
Before theSiangular
in English


Thank you all very much.
This is the Evolution Control Committee.
Next, DJ 2 Bean.
Thank you all so much.
We have all rights reserved.
Album, CD, and LP.
Beautiful orange vinyl.
Poor sale.
Bob.
Well,
we have a
message from
this just in.
That's today?
I don't understand the message.
Can I see
have a minute with you on stage, sir?
Yes, we've got to have a little
conference time. A little
pal-ever here.
Once again, that's really what
subgeniusness is all about.
Is getting the message, but not necessarily
understanding it.
Or apprehending it in the correct time
as these things go.
And you don't have to understand the message
that you pass on to the
other, potentially future subgenius.
You just need to repeat the message.
Make yourself a part of its
transmission.
You may understand that message better later on
yourself.
It's a maturity thing.
Not everything.
Everything is immediately apprehended.
It takes time for some things to set in.
Including significant things
in your own life.
You might think you've absorbed
learning about something
at the moment you do, but no.
It's going to take you the rest of your life
to find out how you really
feel about it. Or maybe just
before the end of your life that you really understand
it. Or in the worst case scenario,
it will be the moment you've passed from
life. It will all become abundantly
and painfully clear.
Knowledge comes, but
wisdom lingers. Anyway,
we are privileged to know that our so-called
lives will end in a few days
and then, at that moment, we
will be prepared for our blissful
spurt into eternity.
We will be liberated from life.
Finally.
The squirting universe.
Yes, that's right.
With great
grace, Bob's
we have.
The sex
goddess
is time
As we watch
the beings burn
As their
corpses are
seen

And dots that were still there
Oh, say does that star-spangled banner yet wave
O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave
To be free of all the fears
And to have slain every day
For the record, I haven't seen the National Anthem since I was like seven.
Amen.
Amen.
Praise Bob.
No, Adam's apple, so I can't really do it.
Okay, friends, by studying the photographs,
I've learned that the National Anthem is a very important piece of history.
I figured out that the musicians on all this improv stuff
done the very first night of X Day, Wednesday,
was Reverend Stick on bass, mainly,
Reverend Catfeather with Pisces on vocal,
Princess Wee on flute and vocal,
Harry Johnson on bass,
and Reverend Frodo Suds,
and Prince Shaw on guitar.
Praise Bob.
Post Office Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118subgenius.com
But you know, he can work his way up at the 7-Eleven.
Why do some do it forward
And some from the back
Why do some like it tight
And some like it else
Why do some do it forward
And some from the back
Why do some like it tight
And some from the back
Why do some do it forward
And some from the back
Why do some do it forward
and some from the back

And some like it —
Why do some do it forward
And some from the back
Why do some like it tight
And some like it Reely
Reely contact rock

is this Joeati's Slakoff
is this Joeati's Slakoff
is this Joeati's Slakoff
is this Ko свет
