And now, the s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s.
Subgenius Hour of Slack!
The Subgenius Hour of Slack.
that you are about to listen to
is specially designed
only to be played
on radio station
and only in the city of
should any other show
be heard from contact
in the course of the show
the listener is advised
to remain calm
and only contact
listed under unlisted positions
in the event of any material
from this radio or other
listening device
being inhaled during broadcast
first arrangement
the first arrangement
made
sit down
slowly
making sure the
head muscles
don't move too much
causing the brain
to move around
in the brain case
making sure all the dendrites
are connected
so that the
no one knows
no one knows
oh yeah
yes dear friends
uh welcome to another
subgenius radio ministry
hour of slack
this one is actually
what number 787
that's all
and uh
well we we we finally finished
moving the subgenius archives
into the new tomb castle
but i'm getting married
in four days
we did everything
back ass words friends
princess we and i
uh first we bought a house
uh and then we went to the
then we went on our honeymoon
to amsterdam
uh then we got married
next we're gonna start dating
and i guess uh
eventually someone will introduce us
so since i'm gonna go uh
get ready
get fit for my tuxedo
and uh all that kind of crap
uh romantic crap friends
uh hey see i've been there
done that
it's my second time too
although princess we is very excited
she's never been married before
and she's never gonna be married again
because my friends
i'm gonna announce to you right now
in a subgenius on the air wedding ceremony
that i'm gonna bird dog that stuff
you hear me
i'm gonna bird dog that stuff
so don't even think about it
boys and subgenius girls
don't even
this is about
reverend stank is bird dogging
that stuff
and uh
and and in so doing
i've got a lot of stuff to do

i've got a rush through this show
of course there's tons of
einstein secret orchestra
uh recorded from uh
the devival at euclid tavern
and maybe some ranting
and tons of brand new
uh saint n
and hell in a handbasket
and uh little theodore
i've got some little theodore here
that you probably haven't heard
that's wonderful
and uh oh lord only knows what all
oh morning 40 federation
that's this uh
sloppy
band in new orleans
that i kindly like
but friends this is after all the hour of slack
and who better to explain certain
heretofore unexplored areas of slack
and slacks
than the great discovery of uh
of our friend uh pope phil monty
the pope of all northern england
and uh phil monty discovery uh
offered uh
this local artiste
by the name of
fat
hairy
white
and so dear friends once again on the hour of slack we are so pleased
to present to you
slack as
ex
explored
uh... the conceit of slack as entertained
by the great
fat hairy white
praise bob
peter

spring sun
beautiful
believe

not
columbine
water
hahahaha
مل
forget it, she walked up to me at the counter and in a very sexy voice asked me what I had to offer
in the trouser department. Apparently she wanted to buy some flared crimpling slacks for her
long-legged father's birthday. Very partial to bright colours it was. Anyway, I told her I was
almost certain I'd have something with a good length that would satisfy her and asked her to
follow me upstairs. Well, after going through me trousers, she surprised me by saying that she
really fancied the large pink pair that I had. Not only did they hang well, but she thought they
looked really attractive, particularly the way they swung about loosely when I walked. Mind you,
she wasn't too sure of the size at first and had me lay them out on the counter so she could measure
them up. She also ran her fingers admiringly down the crease. Well, she decided to go for it, asked
me how much. I says three and a half quid. She asked me rather cheekily if I would go down. Well,
you know, thought about it. I said no. She said no. I said no. I said no. I said no. I said no. I said no.
I said no. I said no. I said no. I said no. I said no. I said no. I said no. I said no. I said no.
Longer the hard, decided to drop them for her, which I did there and then. What fun,
backwards and forwards, over the counter. A good bit of haggling, and no mistake.
I was thinking about this, right, because I've been back to that shop, because the weather's
beginning to change a bit. Getting a bit parker, isn't it? Well, I tell you what, I went out the
other morning and me buns were so cold it started to change colour. I'm not kidding. When me very
sexy lady friend, sexy Sam, saw me coming towards her, me purple hair sticking out me coat,
she told me to get it covered immediately. So I said, I'm going to the shop to buy a hat,
a fur one. Well, when I got there, you know, I asked sexy Salea, the very sexy lady friend hat
assistant, to show me what she had, you know, in her fur department. She said she'd be only too
pleased to show me what she had downstairs, and led me to the basement, where I could see
everything she had on full display. I tell you what, you wouldn't believe how much she had.
She had every kind of fur in the world. She had a lot of fur, and she had a lot of fur, and she

had a lot of fur. She had a lot of fur, and she had a lot of fur. I was going to go for a fox fur,
but as soon as sexy Salea said she had a particularly nice beaver that I might be
interested in, immediately changed me mind. Well, you know, after getting it out for me,
I've got to say I've never seen such a big bushy one like it in all my life.
Well, when I asked her if she could, you know, try it on for size, she said,
I might find it a bit tight at first, but if I buried me head deep enough, then it should stretch
a little to accommodate me fully. Tell you what, she weren't wrong, and when I looked at it in the
mirror, you know, sideways on, I could see it had slid in perfectly. Well, you know, after that,
she then said she'd summat round the back that I might be interested in, led me into the storeroom
to show me a selection of gloves that had just arrived. Well, I was obviously interested, but as
I didn't know what size I was, I had to get sexist Salea to measure my hand. Well, after asking me to,
you know, give her a finger, which I promptly did, she then asked me to stick my thumb up.
No, I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't.
I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't.
problem at all. Within minutes, she declared, as she was holding her measuring tape, that I was
extra, extra large. Well, then she had to take a phone call, but while she was on the mobile,
I took the opportunity of rummaging in her box until I found the perfect fit, and when I withdrew,
sexist Salea nodded appreciatively at my great big leathery pair. Dressing up for the ladies, yeah.
Re apenas era, emaide um bro promoting assangemmd


object.topfirm.com
Speaking From His Album, It Was a Wonderful Night.
the only real religion, because it's the only one that admits it's so totally full of crap,
that makes it pretty much the only valid one. Don't you agree?
Anyway, you can always get more information about this church by checking us out on the internet,
www.sebgenius.com.
And what's it about? Well, it's about the great super salesman J.R. Bob Dobbs,
who discovered in 1953 that there was a conspiracy of normal people robbing away the slack of all the weirdos,
abnormals, disbelievers, or those who will believe anything, which is what we're looking for, friends.
Those who can join us in this nameless fight against that conspiracy of normal people.
And how are you going to get slack, and how are you going to fight the conspiracy?
Here's our secret. We won't tell you. It's up to you, because only you know what's best for you.
So, praise God, I don't even know what's good.
Coming up next, I've got to get this show done in a hurry, so I can go on to some serious, serious slack.
I understand that when you get married, you can have sex, and I've heard a lot about that.
I was just so anxious to check it out.
Well, so I'm going to let the older tapes take care of the rest of the show.
Praise Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
I heard Mojo almost had mutiny in New Zealand because he kept spewing Bob.
And we have...
People that work for the company who actually go to church and stuff.
Well, I guess that's their problem.
And they got absurd by the effect of Bob upon their cataclysms?
Yeah.
Oh, my dearth.
So they felt threatened by Bob.
Their God.
Their God.
They felt like their God wasn't standing a chance against Bob Dobbs.
They might be listening right now.
They were feeling a little sick.
They might be listening even right now.
Well, you know, there's some people have the kind of God that has to...
That needs help from his followers.
A weak, pathetic, sad God who can't take a joke.
Who can't take an insult and whose followers have to thrash them.
A God whose hands and feet wounds have never healed, nor that long-kneed spear in the side necks.
Then you got old Bob.
They'd been festering for thousands of years and even before the hams came out.
Now, old Bob, he's a better sport.
And his followers are pretty good sports.
They listen to him.
Check it out.
There he is right there.
Bob's being tortured.
Some sport with hams right now.
They average about 27, 28.
Inches.
What?
Oh, my God.
That's a new record.
Well, it's old for brownies.
Oh, I see how you could get it that way.
Those are all girls whose first few marriages didn't work out and they decided to get back into uniform.
Fortunately, we sell enough cookies to keep a roof over our heads.
Door to door.
No, most of the girls sleep right here in the barracks.
No, no.
DobbsTown.
Cookies.
They sell the cookies door to door.
Oh.
Bob cookies.
We go out every night at the stroke of midnight.
Oh, stroking at midnight.
Yes.
Well, there's no time during the day.
I give my lectures during the day.
Oh, I could see.
I teach my girls the basics of a happy, successful life.
Things like cooking and...
No, dum-dum.
Things like alimony.
Oh, and then one week each month...
And shaving their vaginas for Pazuzu.
Uh-huh.
Uh, each girl has a tent all to herself and each one has her own mess kit, bed roll, and a flashlight.
The girls just love it.
Oh, that sounds very interesting.
Where do you have these encampments?
Uh, Fort Dix, New Jersey.
Fort Dix.
There you go, Dave.
Fort Dix.
Man, Dave, he...
Fort Dix.
Dave exploded there.
I'm sorry.
I had a bad vision.
That was pretty weird.
It was intense, Chaz.
It scared us.
It was like right in my prefrontal lobe.
Your mother sucks Bob in hell.
I could see it.
Right in the front of my head.
Stang and I were both actually, like, scared when you did that.
I thought it was going to come out of my head and leap onto the turntable for the love of God.
Like a Harryhausen animation.
Yeah, like one of those...
Pulling Dave's forehead open from inside and leaping out a little homunculus.
With kind of a Dave look to it.
Tiny little man, come out.
And a big prehensile...
Tiny little man, come out.
...chemical-like appendage.
Baby.
The world is a ghetto.
Remember, folks, in Sector 49...
But you can put a nice little horn soundtrack to it and it's not so bad.
Come on, baby.
Get on down.
When the windows open a little bit.
Sit down next to me.
Let me tell you about old Bob.
See, just like you can't imagine me as Satan.
You need a light.
Like, all I see is hot buttered corn right there.
You know what I'm saying, bro?
I mean, I can't see you as...
Like, the dulcet tone, you know.
Any one of them kind of singers, you know, like...
What, you mean I'm not doing the Isaac Hayes thing right?
Well, I just can't see you.
Hey, baby.
Hey, baby.
Well...
The Isaac or Barry Jones.
Hey, I just made a musical joke.
Hey, Chaz.
I just made a musical joke.
I said the Isaac or the Barry Jones.
Hey, baby.
Yeah, yeah.
Baby, baby.
He's my baby.
Sector 49.
Necks will be shaved at 3 p.m.
The world is a ghetto.
Ring my bell, baby.
There will be no forehead painting.
There will be no absurd behavior
among the lunger lesions
and the bonger lesions.
The world is a ghetto.
Lesions.
There'll be no...
smoking in the gas chambers.
There'll be no puffing
in the town of hogs.
Please go to the restroom
before you're strapped to the table.
Run slowly.
Do not walk with your head lifted
or your eyes skyward,
but run slowly to the nearest convenience area.
Step on the stopping blue line.
If your family wishes to witness your execution,
make sure they have the pink backstage pass
before they enter the death chamber.
I gotta give it up.
Security to aisle B.
Now I can't...
The Kmart special tonight is a floundering of ham,
some pieces of old-estute periodical
from the period before this.
This is propaganda.
Zop, zop, zop, zop.
Zop.

Zop.
Dr. Muffy, the walls are clean now.
All the blood's been washed into the sewer.
Yo, box is a ghetto.
All the barbed wire's down now
and everything looks like it used to look here in Cleanville.
Before the bungalows exploded.
I don't do it.
I don't do it.

That's the reason.
To be true, I think we still have problems here in Dobstown.
Some very, very deep psychological problems.
Dobstown is a ghetto, baby.
Oh, wow.
That's terrible to see.
Dobstown is this world.
Oh.
You ain't in the world until you've been to Dobstown.
And you can't escape the world until you have escaped from Dobstown.
And you ain't in the world until you have escaped the world.
You're not in the world until you've been to Dobstown.
And you can't escape the world until you've been to Dobstown.
So, I don't even know what you're talking about.
All right, I think we're done.
We're done.
Do you really have to do that to get to Dobstown?
No.
I'm done.
I'm done.
I don't even know what you're talking about.
Bob! Bob! Bob!
Artimaya Salinas' mix of I Dream of Bob, so appropriate,
and before that, ESO's Swamp Radio from WCSB Cleveland,
starring Dances with Rockets, Lonesome Cowboy Dave,
and yours truly, Reverend Ivanstang, as guests.
Now how about some subgenius techno?
This new material here from St. N and Helena Handbaskets,
C.D. Hale-Conney.
C.D. Hale-Conney
C.D. Hale-Conney
Anti-virgin Cosmo Queen, the prettiest thing you've ever seen
She's super sexy, nasty, mean, the original bad girl, so unclean
An uber femme of outer space, she's so outrageous in your face
An icon of desire and sex, just like the girls from Planet X
A diva of debauchery, mistress of hot swivory
She's ultra cool, she's so hot, a truce of genius, patriot
Our sister of salvation, a pin-up queen for masturbation
A true Jezebel
She'll send you straight to pink hell
Divine domestic deviation
Connie is our inspiration
A lonely leader in fighting love
This is the Connie we trust
Divine domestic deviation
Connie is our inspiration
A lonely leader in fighting love
This is the Connie we trust
Look out, boy, she's on her way
Our darling Connie is here to stay
A girl like her is something rare
She's superwoman, she's everywhere
A mighty enemy of the state
She's the devil incarnate
She's one hell of a revelation
A siren of divine creation
Hale-Conney
C.D. Hale-Conney
Fuck Bob, this girl's got class
A true hardball
She'll get you on this righteous kick
Get with Connie, do it quick
This girl's a winner in a plane of creation
She's the center of our galaxy
She's the heaven of mutation
Straight from Bob's radiation
Divine domestic deviation
Connie is our inspiration
A lonely leader in fighting love
This is the Connie we trust
Divine domestic deviation
Connie is our inspiration
A lonely leader in fighting love
This is the Connie we trust
This is the Connie
This is the Connie
This is the Connie
This is the Connie
Divine domestic deviation
Connie is our inspiration A lonely leader in fighting love
The año structure

shifts
Our development is caijón
Domina-Deran

Buc lamps
Nippon
ASU
Impossible
Our idea is
To build the world
arquitectural
Thank you for watching
I hope that you found this algum
of subgenius techno, we now experience Lamprey Systems' latest, which is copped off of alt-binary slack,
from their new album, Rave Till Bedtime. This is Lamprey Systems' Brain Hat.
Lamprey Systems' Brain Hat
This is Lamprey Systems' Brain Hat.
Lamprey Systems' Brain Hat
This is Lamprey Systems' Brain Hat.
This is Lamprey Systems' Brain Hat.
This is Lamprey Systems' Brain Hat.
Have you ever jacked in? Have you ever wire tripped?
This brain is gone.
Lamprey Systems.
Lamprey Systems.
And?
Friends, you may have been wondering what this beautiful music in the background has been throughout this subgenius radio ministry hour of Slack.
This is a band called Final Back from here in Ohio, northern Ohio.
Final Back, the name of this album CD is Operation Coop Strap or Co-op Strap.
And you can email them at Lundgren at OCU.com.
Lundgren at OCU.com.
Praise Bob.
And now for the great Morning 40 Federation.
All right, boys.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.

All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
Thank you.
Sorry, Mom, but I'm a drunk, a drunk.
I love you, Mom, but I'm a drunk, a drunk.
I miss you, Mom, but I'm a drunk, a drunk.
Send money, Mom, cause I'm a drunk, drunk, drunky donkey.
I'm sorry, Mama.
I never meant to do you any wrong.
You know it's just sometimes I work so hard.
I need a little more.
A little beer, a little wine, a little hard liquor.
But none of that's important, Mama.
What's important is that I love you.
You love me, too?
I love you, too, dear, but your papa was the same way.
Oh, Mama, that means so much to me.
Well.
I used to do art, but I gave it up.
Cause it was too much work, and it didn't pay,
and it was just a pain in the ass.
Anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway.
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
So now I ski and watch TV, cause that's a lot more fun
and relaxing than what I really want to do with my time.
Art gets old when no one pays you or even understands.
What's the point?
Unless I was gonna do it just for me.
But I'd really rather just ski and watch TV,
cause that's a lot more fun for me.
And I might as well have fun, cause that's the life's for,
you know, Rap Royal Augusto and all that.





And I'm alive now, but someday I'll have to die.
And then I'll be dead for a long time.
For a long, long time.
For a long, long, long, long time.
For a fucking forever, in fact.
So I might as well ski and watch TV now, while I have a chance.
Don't have time to waste on art.
And I don't believe in God.
I'm not that dumb.
So what's art even?

What's art even for if you don't get paid?
And I'm sick of torturing myself and of wondering if it's done yet.
And I'm sick of hanging out with all those dumb flakes who think they're so smart.
And I might as well just listen to the music that I grew up with.
That's the only music that ever really moved me.
And who stops just a friend?
It's not real.
And now I can get all those old great songs again.
On CD.
Cause they sound better.
And last longer, I think.
Oh, I'm so glad to be alive.
In this modern age.
And that's why I don't want to die.
But there's not a whole lot I can do about that now.
Except maybe eat more vegetables.
And I think I better marry my girlfriend.
Cause it's such a risk nowadays.
Even though I'm not one of those people.
And I'm probably sick of it.
But you can never be too sure.
And so we can marry.
And ski.
And watch TV.
Together.
And feel free and happy.
Without having to worry about art.
What a pain.
Flattered through with all that.
And now I've got all I could really reasonably expect to get out of life.
Anyway.
Anyway.
Anyway.
Anyway.
Anyway.

Anyway.
Wait.
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
Anyway.

What the fuck?
What the fuck?
What the fuck?

Fuck, fuck.
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
Fuck, fuck, fuck.
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
Fuck, fuck.
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
Anyaway.
O&O
Little Theodore from his album Idiots Are Closer to God, truly a subgenius anthem.
You can contact Little Theodore at 3277 Raleigh Street.
That's R-A-L-E-I-G-H Street, Denver, Colorado, 80212.
Or Little Theodore at yahoo.com.
The Theodore part is spelled with an F.
Or check the new web link pages at www.subgenius.com.
And for that matter, you can write to Subgenius Foundation for that free information.
P.O. Box 181417, Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
And now, back to...
Back to the Euclid Tavern in Cleveland, where that devival with Einstein's Secret Orchestra is already in progress.
Now we can get back to what we started out doing, which is saving souls from themselves.
Yes, friends, we're here to save souls from themselves.
To save people from the false slack that they chose by default.
Just by ignorance.
Following the man.
Just because they didn't recognize the power of their own slack.
And slack, friends, when you truly take the attitude of slack,
you have a power that the Pope of the Vatican would kill for, and has killed for,
the power to fail.
The power to fail, my friends.
If we were geniuses, we'd call it...
The Archivist of the Genius.
But this is the kind of church it's a little easier to qualify for.
As the great subgenius Pareto, whoever the hell he is, once said,
Give me a fruitful error anytime full of seeds bursting with its own corrections.
You can keep your sterile truth for yourself.
And friends, it's true.
False prophecies abound everywhere.
For instance, everybody thought that whoever got the most votes would win.
Prophecy failed!
Sorry days are here again.
Mr. Big Dick Cheney says it's time for lots more nuclear power.
See who we got on the board.
We got Condoleezza Rice.
She works with Exxon.
We got Cheney.
He works with Hucker Puff Rebellion, Swank Incorporated.
We got Dimsha and Dimwit, the working for the oil companies.
We got oil, nuclear power.
We got the Caesars.
We got the Caesars.
We got the Caesars.
We got the Caesars.

We got the Caesars.
We got the
We've got the caesars.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
We've got over 2 million known pollutants that can cause cancer, skin lesions, brain tumors, thoracic confusion,
loss of Republican identity, congregations in the Middle East.
Misconnected rumors.
The long-spinning thing on DNA with the sperm and virus.
Chicken and spasms.
And what the fuck is the use?
The iodine.
The 1, 3, 1.
The sky's not a thyroid.
All the run and the krypton.
We're in five.
It's making it hard.
Just to stay alive.
The iodine.
The 1, 3, 1.
The iodine.
The 1, 3, 1.
There's no more running through the middle line.
No more looking everywhere.
Shake it for me, man.
I'm a poison man.
Shake it for me, man.
It's all right.
There's no more running through the middle line.
No more looking everywhere.
Shake it for me, man.
I'm a poison man.
Shake it for me, manager.
Shake it, baby.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Boys and girls gathered here in the name of freedom.
I know some of you have hardly reached your 14th birthday.
Some of you are wearing those pearl-cockled necklaces given to you by your ancient grandfathers.
And we know the nuclear devices you will carry.
But the identify you that you will not be carrying into town today
will cause you instant sainthood and martyrdom.
You will be lifted on high.
So there's no reason to cry, children.
Each one of you are a little bum,
armed and ready to pop.
I don't want to prices.
Ah.
Ah.
This is not going to fit in here.
Bedtime's coming.
I feel like I could pop all night, baby.
I don't know if I can walk to town with this thing.
You're my radar love, hon.
The implantation devices make sure that each child walks the straight and narrow path to his destination.
The objective or target, as it is known at Control,
is to make sure that each child removes itself as it removes the target.
So there are no witnesses and no disclaimers allowed past the curfew now.
What do you think, Dave, about the fact that...
Damn it, they're not even going to hide anymore, are they?
No.
No.
No, they're just right out there.
We're having an oil problem right now.
We're not making enough money to who knows what.
They're just not even going to hide it anymore.
Nope.
They're just going to rape everything they can.
And in the four years they have...
Or only two, really, because they know they're going to lose the Senate.
Oh, Jeb's son will be the next Bush emperor.
And then...
Jeb's son?
You mean the little Puerto Rican kid?
Yeah, yeah.
The one granddad called the little brown one?
His father called him the little brown one?
Yeah, George Bush Sr.
Oh, is that the little brown one?
The little brown one, right?
Well, I'm glad he's spreading his genes around.
And kind of like...
He's like one of the folks now, but...
That's good.
You have a brown child.
I'm learning...
How did that happen?
You know, I realized that I was serious when I...
It sunk in that I really was trying to learn Dutch from that little Berlitz book.
You mean you're saying you're actually thinking of repatriating the feces?
I...
Well, you know...
I don't want to be part of the empire.
I know what you mean.
I don't want to be on the Death Star.
I know.
I grew up believing that America was the rebel force.
The rebel forces.
Peanut in a big, huge drum.
And now it's like, well, the rebel forces, this is the Death Star, man.
Howdy, folks.
Come on down to America, Inc., where you'll be forced to pay for...
Everything.
But it's not.
It's convenient, friends.
Ah, memories.
This is the most convenient...
Ah, memories.
They used to shoot at us.
Now they shoot near us.
Well, I heard about the softer, the more friendlier bullets that they're using on the...
Kids these days.
Well, they don't think they were using friendly bullets in Cincinnati.
Ten soldiers and bob dogs coming.
I heard they use the little bouncing bullets now.
Not in the West Bank of Gaza, they don't.
No, no.
They're using really lead bullets still.
Yes, there's still lead.
And even the Army.
What do you think about this?
The Army has switched to a...
The Army has switched to a bullet that is environmental friendly.
It's some sort of other...
It's not lead.
It's biodegradable bullets.
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
The family still has to pay for it.
So that we only kill humans, not the person.
They probably got a big conservation tax break for that.
Yeah.
The idea, of course, being, you know, this is the way...
Think of the research that went into that.
Gentlemen, the war of the future will be a clean war.
A war that you and your children can stand to fight.
An effectively deadly bullet, but yet easy on the mind.
You know, somebody had to not repent.
Easy to mop up after.
In order for that bullet to be developed,
somebody had to not repent or quit their job or slack off.
That's the age-correct way of thinking of it.
There was a point where somebody could have repented,
quit their job and slack off,
and then somebody else would have had to develop that bullet.
Said, no, sign the check and put it in my rectum right here.
But instead, they said, no, if I don't develop this bullet,
somebody else is going to do it.
So I might as well not repent, quit my job or slack off.
I got to tell you guys something.
I'll be known as the guy who developed the environmental bullet.
The environmental bullet.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.




No, the guy in the Doobie Brothers who's supposedly a missile defense expert.
Bend over and spread them, baby.
Here comes my environmentally cool bullet.
Thank God I've been shot.
I can almost see the future of America as my life oozes out here on the sidewalk.
Thank God for the safe, clean bullet that just ended me.
Ended you?
Did I?
Did you?
Did you?
Did I end at that moment?
No.
You know, we have a friend who was in a band who's kind of like,
this song is just important today.
Why aren't kids, like, marching and stuff?
For what?
Yeah, they're not shooting them yet.
Stop.
Once they start shooting them, they're going to go.
You're thinking of the old America.
This is America Incorporated.
Right.
We don't actually, I mean, come on, man.
Do I have to spell it out as many of my employers?
Yeah, this song does.
This is what I don't disagree with.
It's Incorporate America.
It's Incorporate America.
Come on now, get with the program.
Read from the same page and remember the talking points.
Point number one.
Things are better than they've ever been.
And worse than they've ever been.
All the kids know today is they want their job.
Well, that's all there is.
There's the job.
Endless drudgery.
The life.
Well, sort of.
And the job.
And, well, the job.
I'm not going to rock the boat.
I want the job.
Chaz, you told me you were not only going to rock the boat,
that you were going to rocket butt that boat right into another world.
Rocket butt that rocket boat.
I know.
I mean, I'm just.
You're getting wanting to go.
You're wanting to really climb on there and go to a world where people actually think normal or something.
I don't know.
Yeah, definitely.
It's becoming very important to build that rocket.
To get off.
To get off.
To get off.
It's becoming very, very, very important now.
Yep.
I want to get off.
I don't want to stick around here.
Exactly.
Exactly.
I just did buy a house in Cleveland.
I'm building my own Amsterdam.
Yeah, but you also built yourself a nice canal boat in your mind.
You know.
With the little hair and green thing in the front.
You know.
I'm also learning foreign languages.
So that they'll let me go there.
Are you learning Enochian?
Well, I've been living in my house for five years.
And for five years, I've been installing each day.
I dig out a little area in the foundation.
And put in another composite rocket motor.
So the house is about two-thirds now.
Completely surrounded and strapped with rocket motors.
So in another year or two.
But the timing is so fiendishly important, dude.
So devilishly tricky to get every rocket to go off at once.
What happens if half of them go off and the other half don't?
Oh, you have a kind of...
You've got a tilted house, dude.
Really?
The misfiring is just going to send that thing...
It would end up in Arkansas.
Well, you would hope it would end up in Arkansas.
Well, I'm not middle of Lake Erie.
It doesn't matter.
As long as I reach seven miles per second in any direction.
That'll be...
Even down.
I'll be able to get Earth orbit.
Chaz, I'm afraid you don't want to go seven minutes per second in any...
I mean, seven seconds.
You know, that speed in all general directions.
Because that would be...
You would be exploding up.
If you were, you know, not ahead of direction.
What's going to happen here?
It can't happen here.
I've been checking it out for a while, baby.
I'm telling you, my dear, that it can't happen here.
Can't it?
I've been checking it out.
Checked it out a couple times.
Yeah, it's happening here right now.
And as we watch the sun go down on our democratic freedoms,
the freedoms that we've taken for granted for so long...
Oh, no, but we still have all those freedoms.
They're even more convenient than ever.
As long as you...
As long as you...
The line.
As long as you want what they want, you can have anything you want.
We want what they want.
But I want what Bob wants.
I want what we all want.
I want a worldwide cataclysm.
I want chocolate pudding delivered to me by aliens.
And I want some female chocolate pudding delivered.
As frequently as possible.
As the old salivary glands can move.
Sometimes they...
They don't move.
Of course, that's not the first part of it.
That's the end of it.
The first part is much more laconic and obscure.
I mean...
Well, that's more artistic, you know, when you're obscure and hard to understand.
That's more artful.
And, you know, Dave, if we were a little more artful,
we'd probably be getting paid a little better.
But instead...
We're...
You just...
Low-grade showbiz clowns.
We might as well be the guys that sweep up behind the elephants at the circus, you know?
Well, we do that, too.
The dwarfs with the little pooper scoopers.
Well, we also do do that.
Yeah.
I mean, at least I've been going back.
I don't know.
Some people think they're too good to work.
But, you know, as long as I'm getting a paycheck,
I don't mind what tumbles out of there.
I've seen worse things.
And I've picked up worse things.
You've stuck your arm all the way up worse places than where that came from.
Yes, that is true.
I don't want to go into the grim details.
You tried to get your head all the way up into worse places, but I...
I was almost a microcephalic baby from that incident.
And I was almost returned to my native home in Canada
and buried alive there for the whole incident.
It was just...
I don't know.
17.
17?
In London, it struck a compromise.
That's in England, you know.
Dodger Stadium, it struck out.
In Munich, it struck first.
Ha, ha, ha.
Take your head down.
Chaz is trying to bring back the fake rebellion of the 60s,
which, of course, was actually co-opted from the very beginning.
Okay, you start.
The John Lennon glasses were trademarked before.
Before John Lennon was even born.
Before Jack Kerouac and Cassidy and all those guys...
It was all planned out ahead of time.
...were actually mind-controlled for quite some time.
Yeah, but what good did it do?
Not a damn thing.
It was early in the morning.
The energy was so, so weak.
The poor people below could hardly stand to look up.
Their necks were craning, but still, it looked like it was...
Wait.
This is...
Dave, you're stuck in the 60s, man.
No, man, I'm not stuck in the...
Get with it, dude.
It's the 90s.
No, wait.
I need reading glasses.
It's the aughties or the zeros or the...
Yeah, it's the modern age.
What is that feeling?
It's contemporary.
It's new.
It's now.
It's now.

...muzzles rise up in your neck and the back of your brain tingles
like there's a little teeny...
a chameleon in the back of your neck.
What is that feeling when your shoes drop off
as you're walking down the street and they wave goodbye to you?
What is that feeling?
What is that feeling?
And we hope you've enjoyed it half as much...
What's that?
...blue stain in your undies.
Have you been keeping bad company again?
Have you been hanging with those who hang too far?
Yeah.
Yesterday I bought a new car.
Today I bought a new horn for it.
Herb Alpert.
You know, the sick thing is,
Rowan and Martin's laugh-in was actually kind of
the hippest thing going at the time.
I can hardly afford to buy my groceries.
I can't believe it.
that make me wonder if the college boy had thanked him
or what he was trying to do with all this strange, strange radio equipment.
Oh, actually, it's in Idaho.
Would you mind saying that again?
Idaho?
That's quite interesting. We pronounce it OSHIAO.
The first of the decades,
Oh, I've always wanted to make a cowboy.
I mean, meet a cowboy.
Really?
Really. I yelled across the river,
Well, you won't see me to cały Abend.

The right idea?
It's just a shame that polygamy never caught on among the married people of this country.
They can't have fun with polygamies.
They can't help it if they're not tall.
No, no, it's not the same guy.
This man was confused.
He was pointing and asking questions, and I just couldn't answer.
I had no idea what he was talking about.
We really learned the three R's.
Reading, writing, and rhythm.
Specifics, barking, and playing with ourselves.
These are the new rules.
This is the new regimen for a new human race.
One that will not only conquer the stars, but conquer the bars.
With the waiting thud of their own furry feet,
they'll smash down every door and you'll be behind it.
Standing there, guarding.
Standing tall for America.
That really moves me, Dave.
I'm so glad that you're here.
It's just the tear gas.
Such a sincere...
Oh, man, it's the tear gas and the mind control, man.
I don't know what I'm saying. I'm crying.
Oh, man, I...
Get it together, man.
It sounds like Mambo music.
You're on the air.
Come on, come on.
None of this emotional baloney.
Get it?
Hey, guys, you know, I was wondering,
the funny thing about doing a late-night show like this
and getting a lot of, you know, really out-there callers.
Last night, little Jimmy Spliff called three times
and he was, you know, doing his own variety of rocket science.
But here at the, you know, the Kingdom Dome,
there's a lot of complaints.
You know, we've had problems before,
but we're gonna hang in there as long as we can.
I mean, as far as I'm concerned, the gallows have been built,
so let's keep hanging.
And nobody's gonna talk about your shoes
or say that, you know, you left the eggs in there too long
or there's just, you know, some problem with you.
You know, everyone's gonna just be cool with that.
Hey, who were you hot for on the laugh-in,
Rowan and Martin laugh-in show?
I like Goldie Hawn.
Chaz.
Yeah, I figured you'd be the Goldie Hawn.
There was Judy Karn,
which is a little cute English chick.
Nah.
Nah?
No.
You liked Joanne Worley.
Me too, man.
I was really into it.
I understand.
She's kind of large and kind of heavy-boned
and loud and obnoxious,
but that wide, wide, wide mouth just invoked...
The Queen of Hearts look.
You like that Queen of Hearts look,
off with their heads and referring to your structures down there?
Yeah, I don't know what it is.
I can't put the two and two together.
Her laugh was just very infectious.
There's no doubt about it.
I wonder where she's at now and how large and old.
She's in the old actor's home in Pasadena, California.
Sitting out in the backyard watching the Cupid pee in the pond.
She's had her last turkey sandwich for today, though.
She's going back in sight for her meds.
Does that little boy ever finish peeing?
Does he just pee that forever?
Never.
Keep your back to the wind.
Keep your hat tied.
Keep sat in saddle.
Quedan tus cajones en el...
The rebel forces, this is the fucking Death Star, man.
And as you might have guessed,
this hour of Slack has been a rerun of an old episode,
a number 787 from the year of 2001.
We'll probably be back live,
next week,
or at least with a new edited show,
but this month we've been finishing up
stage one of the huge secret subgenius project
that I so love to hint about.
And we're behind on promoting X-Day,
the annual subgenius festival
to end this planet's dominance by humans
and to replace it with the dominance of subgenius.
Which you can learn about at subgenius.com
if you're interested in the X-rated real life aspect
of our august mind control sex cult.
Now that I've mentioned the sex cult part,
you probably wonder where the X-Day festival is.
And it is in far western rural New York state
at a permissive campground.
Anyway, it's good that we have over,
over 1,250 reruns to choose from.
And this particular one is largely thanks
to the late great professor Chaz Smith
and his ESO Swamp Radio show,
which was on WCSB in Cleveland for many years.
And it was like half of the hour of slack
for about a decade.
So praise Chaz, praise Lonesome Cowboy Dave,
and praise all the contributors.
And all the other stations that carry this show.
And praise the individual subscribers.
And, oh heck, why not,
praise that one listener
who happens to be listening
right at this very second.
