Ah, yes, dear friends, welcome to the Hour of Slack, number 1,370-something.
And may this Hour of Slack be the most slackful of all the hours heretofore and forthwith.
Your time of listening is now your time of deep, relaxing slack.
Slack is the soft voice, slack the luminous cloud.
We in our slack rejoice.
And thence comes all the charms or ear or sight,
all melodies the echo of that voice,
all colors a suffusion,
all vision of that light.
And though the exists once more withheld the lights of their countenance
from the helpful, hopeful, upturned faces of the ex-day postulants,
we have not even been challenged.
Nay, rather than that, our faith has been reinforced even more
so that we are truly the children,
the warriors of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Praise God!
But not the worriers, sir.
We're not the worriers of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
We're not worried because we have faith in the ultimate success of our mission,
the nameless mission,
a small part of which is to bring you broadcasting opportunities such as this one,
where you and we can participate together victoriously in what we call...
the Hour of Slack.
Rar, rar, rar, rar, rar, rar, rar.
That actually hurt my Adam's apple.
I have done that so many times in the last few days.
I've developed a bruise on my throat.
In Adam's fall, we sinned all.
And the bruise on the throat, which the Bobcaster feels,
is only cognate to the bruise on the heel given by that old serpent, Satan.
Yes, the adversary, the evil one,
was nipping at the heels of the faithful at Exde.
But even old Sequa, most monstrous denizen of the watery depths,
took only four minor victims.
When we expected a holocaust of many,
including even the most faithful.
Perhaps the locals had fed him the sacrifices,
which, according...
to Native American tradition, are his due.
But perhaps he, like the holiday itself,
decided, for no reason that could be named,
to be kind and forbearing,
and to have the faith,
the faith in Bob.
I win my way.
I win my way.
Yes, dear friends.
Well, let me tell you...
I am one burned-out sacred scribe.
Despite a weather disaster that threatened to screw up Exde,
I came home with what I most wanted.
A ton of recordings of killer performances.
However, those recordings, and the 2,000 photos and 30 hours of videos,
are going to take months to edit.
I think last year we got 13 hours of slack out of 14 Exde,
so maybe this year I'll get 40.
14 hours of slack from the 15 Exde drill.
And, you know, Exde is immediately followed by the Starwood Festival
at that same campground,
and while that's more Princess Wee's baby,
which she has to babysit for months, incidentally,
I'm also very involved,
and we have the runoff from that to deal with also.
So, for this show, number 1,370,
I'm going to skip chronologically past Exde,
per se,
to the live WCSB show Dr. Hal, Dr. Sinister, Lonesome Cowboy, Dave, and I did on July 8th,
immediately after returning from Exde.
I'm planning to make one edit, besides the insertion of this blabber here, if that,
and, otherwise, just get it online and mailed out.
There's still almost three more hours of radio synesthesia to go, too, from WCSB,


before and after X day. But I'm hoping to have time to intercut that with the great, if cuss-filled,
location recordings of rants and bans for the upcoming weeks. We'll see. I'm pushing 60,
and despite being a major emergentile, I have resolved not to kill myself overworking on a
church of slack. That just wouldn't make sense, and also it would send the wrong message.
So, praise Bob, and let there be slack. Here's another uncut, non-cussing live show from the
studios of WCSB Cleveland. Oh, oh, oh, I almost forgot. Before I run the July 8th show, I want to
run a timely rant by Dr. G. Gordon Gordon that he recorded yesterday, right after that Batman
theater massacre. We don't usually do current events for numerous reasons, but this is a worthy
experience.
So now, Dr. G. Gordon Gordon.
Well, you know, we have a bit of a massacre. A few people get killed, and quite a few people get
wounded. And we're acting like, oh my God. And yet, if you look outside this benighted, rotting
nation, you will see that this kind of internecine happening takes place on a daily, hourly basis.
Good God, look at what's going on.
Look at what's happening in Syria. Look at what's happening in other parts of the world. Africa.
People are being slain by the hundreds, by the thousands. Not to mention systematically raped,
burned, tortured. And we whine about 12 deaths and a few wounded, because it's white people.
Our people. And one of our people did it. Oh my God. It's always the people of the people,
that do things to people. People do things. People are basically intrinsically fucked up.
They are not evil, not good, just there. And it's not about whether you're good or bad. It's
whether you make the right decisions. And often those are trifling decisions that makes the
difference between life and death. For some, it's merely a flick of a switch, and a whole army goes
into work, and...
Bluey!
Genocide. For others, it's, well, I think I'll go to the midnight movie and, oh I caught a 223.
Big deal. Get over it, America. I mean, yeah, they're dead. Nothing's going to bring them back.
And all remembering does is hurt you. Get over it. Move on to the next step. Look for the next big
slaughter. Find some entertainment in the meaningless and random happenings of your life.
Just don't make a big deal out of it.
deal out of it. Jeez.
Hello,
Mr. and Mrs. America and all the ships
at sea. This is Dr. Howland Owl.
I am broadcasting
to you now here from
Cleveland, city of art and
innovation. And
the hour of slack is a going concern.
We're seriously
concerned if you,
our listener, are not
achieving the slack which is
your natural birthright.
You were born with
original slack, but the
conspiracy wants
to take that slack away
from you, my friends.
The conspiracy wants to sell you
false slack
and force you to toil
meaninglessly for it.
Meaningless work,
meaningless drudgery,
only to achieve
false slack
and its failed
rewards.
Which only leave you jonesing
and scratching and thirsting and itching
for more false
conspiracy slack.
But here,
here is the true
vein. The mother
load. The nay
plus ultra. Right
here and now. So we're going to throw it
open to callers. No, we're not.
We're not? No.
We never throw it open to callers.
We won't do it then. I just
called Lonesome Cowboy Day.
I gave to make sure that he got my message
and he did.
He's a good fellow and it will all
be well. Yes.
We can explain to him what happened.
So I
won't ask how was your
weekend because it was my
weekend too and my week
proceeding.
And
well, they don't come
much gnarlier than that.
We had the thunderstorms, the lightning
strike as we were doing the
hour.
We had a lot of slack.
How much room on the saucers?
Holy
head.
Don't worry, folks.
Lightning never strikes in the same place
twice. I saw that lightning bolt
hit. I did it too.
I heard it. That settles it.
Bob paid for it.
Sinners in the hands of an angry
God. Well, but you know, the funny
thing is we were in
the one oasis
that wasn't part of the disaster
area that Ohio became.
During X Day week.
It was like a real rehearsal for X
Day. The subgeniuses had
power and light and even
in a few cases air conditioning.
But everyone else in Ohio
was dying of heat prostration.
Unto them, the children of
Bob, is it given power.
Power to mold.
Power to murder
and create. Yes,
because the X-ists are
in our corner. Wait, am I hearing Dave
yet? No, I don't.
No, I don't know what you're hearing.
Actually, that's a mystery to me.
No, something terrible happened.
Well, that's terrible. Oh, dear.
Well, that is unfortunate. I was
just saying that our X-ist
friends have got
the back, as it were,
of all the subgeniuses.
Watching from afar, they
are able to control,
in some
cases, completely to manage
earthly events.
And it doesn't,
do, to
give short shrift to a
subgenius. When a subgenius
gets the short end of the
stick, a subgenius, once
being short-sheeted,
should never be counted out
of the controversy.
Well, when I hear about sticks,
I get very, very nervous and scared.
Oh, sticks was there.
Talking about false drudgery.
There is no such thing as false drudgery.
Any more than there is false
slack.
Dave?
Turn your radio down.
Who, me?
Yeah, is your radio on?
I know it seems counterintuitive.
When this is radio.
No, when I put you on, I started hearing
a funny little echo.
Well, it's supposed to be a comedy show, so...
No, seriously,
is your computer radio
speaker on or something?
It is on, but it is very, very far away.
Far away or...
Much further away and much quieter
than it usually is, so...
Oh, okay.
Well, it's not much further, actually.
I just, I feel like there's this slight odd...
It's like someone else is here.
Someone else is in the room with us.
Perhaps.
The room just got bigger and uglier.
Someone bigger and uglier than I?
As soon as you called, yes, as soon as you called in,
I felt that some hollowing, sort of a hollow change to the sound.
An alien presence wormed its way into the symposium.
Oh, I see.
I'm...
They're always watching.
On the other hand, the phone light device is acting differently than usual, but I'll
just proceed as if everything was normal.
We're recording.
Everything's under control.
Reasonably under control.
Yes, we're going to bring you back some of that green cheese.
So how was your X day at home?
It was dry and humid, very moist.
Dry and humid and moist.
Well, that's part of the mystery.
How can something be both dry and moist at once?
But this is nothing to the miracles that Bob can produce.
Amen.
A mental case.
It was moist one moment and dry the next, and then it was spontaneously both moist and dry.
If you have an extra case, I'll take that extra case off your hands.
And I had a spiritual orgasm.
Pardon?
If you have an extra case, I'll take that extra case off your hands.
We just rolled into town and we're a little bit deprived of certain necessary supplies.
Well, geez, yeah, I got a whole...
I got a whole case of beer and everything else.
I got the...
A mountain of slack.
I've got Nenge Co's.
I've got the Ex-Park fluids.
All right.
The kind that used to be, you know, not the modern crap.
The good old fashioned Ex-Park.
Do you have Mother Croaker?

Mother Croaker's pre-fab orangeade?
Mm-hmm.
You can't imagine the thirst, the thirst that one feels out there under the steaming trees.
That's what you call in broccoli, steamed trees.
Yeah, they do look like broccoli, but unfortunately when you try to eat them, you only end up with a gnarly mouthful of splinters.
And you can take a machete out there...
Like any notary.
...and a couple pounds of butter and still.
Mmm.
You're acrimonious and lackadaisical at the same time.
Well, maybe we didn't try hard enough.
We needed a master gourmand like you to tell us how to prepare these viands.
But that's all right, because now that we're back in the belly of the beast, we can pick up on all sorts of comestibles and consumables.
Yeah.
In fact, I have my last can of octopus in hot sauce, which I could proceed to devour while on the air.
You could.
Which I've been doing for the last several hours.
Go ahead and devour every tentacle.
I don't think I actually...
Tip.
That last little, uh, uh, sandwich I had will probably be...
Under the paranormal cloud of extra federal secrecy...
Did you even eat the other half?

...you are not permitted to eat octopus on the air.
It's much like imbibing a controlled substance.
Do you think we care for society's laws and morals?
Yes.
Those pathetic things don't apply to the true ordained overman.
Or...
Only a fool would live that way.
Right. Bob said we could do anything we wanted to. If Bob said it, then that's why it is.
Bob said it, I believe it, that settles it.
Yep, it's true.
Bob sold it, I smoked it, that settles it.
Yep.
Uh, Dr. Howell, you know, uh, we came into this show, literally, we just got into town...
It's true.
...from, uh, from Wisteria Campground in southern Ohio.
Uh, speeding in order to...
...to make it to the show.
So I didn't have any, any, uh, tapes or recordings prepared.
We recorded all the bands and ranters at X Day, but of course those aren't set up yet.
But guess what, Dr. Howell?
What is it?
I reached into my little bag of tricks and pulled out this, uh, uh, CD that I'd...
...a mix tape I'd made a while back.
I'm not necessarily gonna play it, but it's, like, a label, Good X Day Songs and Songs by Others.
And it happens to have on it Evolution Control Committee, who played at X Day.
Did a heck of a concert.
A bang-up job.
Uh, Duke, the Duke of Uke is on, happens to be on this.
He also played...
...and a new song.
...Inarchy in the UK and Communication Breakdown.
Oh, I would have loved to have heard that.
And I felt, well, I have those and I could play them.
They're not from this X Day, they're from another X Day.
And the Mutant Mountain Band.
Mutant Mountain Boys.
Mutant.
Who performed there, handed me a CD, which I just found among my other CDs, so I could play...
You know, they aren't all boys, and some of them are quite fetching.
Yeah, that's what I...
Most of them are not boys, and most of them are quite fetching.
Quite fetching.
The boy has been taught to fetch, but that's about all.
Stay, stay. Roll over. Roll over.
So there are, like, three lusty, lovely women, and only one, uh, uh, hirsute mountain man, one big...
I got to see one of the Mutant Mountain Boys with her shirt off.
Oh, man.
Which one?
Robin.
Oh.
Which shirt?
The, the one that's built like a goddess.
Yes, she is.
From another planet, and, and, uh...
Well, I didn't get to see that, but, uh, I guess you can't be everywhere at once.
Apparently she's a nudist.
She was one of the few subgeniuses who actually took her clothes off at the clothing optional campground.
Did you notice that, um, very few subgenius people...
went, uh, nude?
Well, yes, but there were some who were so sterling in their nudity, uh, that, uh, I, I mean, you know...
Well, uh, Reverend, Reverend Eggplant looked like Santa Claus running around naked.
Uh, Reverend Susie the Felucie looked great.
Yes, she was there, and, uh...
She, she likes to strip down naked all the, every chance she gets.
And, uh, Bandiera Ivakovich arrived at our show wearing only a, a thin, uh, pair of...
uh, cast-off Galagascans.
We tried to get, we tried to get her up on stage with us, but, uh, she...
But she was becomingly shy.
Yes.
Were her pumpkins smooth and round?
You know it, brother.
Like windgates from the south?
Which reminds me, I would like to ask Dr. Howell an impersonal question.
Well, an impertinent question is always...
Expected from a lonesome cowboy.
And we'll give you an answer.
I was wondering if you have figured out, or if you've historically acted...
uh, researched, why people in the southern part of the state of Ohio...
talk like this, or those little fools down there...
and people from the northern part of the state, especially along the northern tier...
talk kind of like this, and they say,
I'm gonna go into the bar and I took my car and...
Well, you know, that just shows that regional pronunciation hasn't died out.
The American character is still being forged...
in the linguistic world.
In the linguistic arena.
And, no doubt, it all goes back to the war between the states...
and the southern Ohio volunteers, as opposed to the northern Ohio volunteers.
But one could always cross the Mason and Dixon line...
when that conflict was taking place.
Surely, the past is the foundation for this, our understanding of the present.
Well, the...
It's funny, in Texas...
Not just the Civil War.
See, now the people down in south Texas talk real southern-like...
and the people in north Texas speak much like I do...
trained by the Columbia School of Broadcasting.
I'm cheerful. I'm cheering everything.
But it was the American Revolution because...
them people from the south all came from Virginia...
and the people in north all came from Connecticut and New York State and Massachusetts...
and they hated each other until they killed all the Indians...
and then they were like, you know, all happy again.
Well, of course, a lot of this is what we call conspiracy history...
which suppresses the actual historical currents and eddies...
which have informed our own time.
Just one closer look, sir.
Open the dossier here.
It takes a certain amount of digging.
Too small a diagram.
Pull out the tooth... the truth.
Just tie a string to the door...
and another one around the truth.
And let someone fling open the door.
That never worked. Actually, that did work.
It works in comic books.
It did work, you say?
Yes, it did work once for me.
But it was a really loose tooth to begin with.
That was quite a long time ago, come to think of it.
If I tried to do that now...
You might have to wait for a long time.
Everybody would be tiptoeing around.
Oh, don't open that door.
Reverend Stang needs his rest.
You'd just be sitting up there, waiting and fidgeting.
Don't you think this tooth infected?
Anyway, our teeth are fine.
This was just a figure of speech.
Calm down, Dave.
Really, there's no dental difficulty whatsoever.
Then there's the mental difficulty.
Well, there is that.
Let's not dwell on it.
We have to acknowledge some things, but perhaps not all.
At any rate, there's no point in dwelling exclusively on the dark.
I was wondering if old Bob himself might have a spare set of teeth.
He's got everything else going.
He's got a third nostril.
I was wondering if maybe he had a really pronounced underbite from a lack of molars.
That would make him part moray eel.
Well, you know, that pipe is not held between his teeth, but rather seems to float right up against his teeth.
His mouth is closed all the way.
While he grins.
And yet that pipe is protruding as if it were glued to his teeth.
Maybe they're psychic.
You know, some teeth are psychic.
As other organs of the body.
I know it's not a real organ like a B12 or something like that.
But some organs do have preternatural abilities, instincts.
And not some set of choppers.
Everything seems different since July 5th.
Maybe it was some partial X-Day.
For instance, I don't remember this keyboard in front of me looking like it was this filthy and dirty and dusty.
You must be experiencing what we call Jaume Vu.
The idea that what is in front of you is something you've never seen before, even though you have actually seen it thousands of times.
Hmm.
But things are different.
We drove up to the station and there were a dozen cars parked in front.
Usually there's just Charleston's car.
And we walked in and there were doors open that have never been opened.
There's construction going on in here.
Then we walked up to the radio station and there was a whole dang band in the control room just playing like crazy.
I hadn't seen nothing like that.
So everything is different.
I don't know.
I don't know that X-Day didn't happen.
It could be that my imagination is just so limited that I can only imagine a slightly different world.
Well, it could be that someone has practiced some form of hoodoo on you and you're under the control of a powerful, maybe malignant, hypnotic intelligence.
Oh, there's no question about that.
That happened when I first joined the church, when I sent in my five dollars.
Like the mephitic powers of Dracula.
Hmm.
Dr. Hall recognizes all this background music.
This is from Dracula, isn't it?
It's from the Hammer Dracula.
It's James Bernard, which is why it says,
Dracula, Dracula, over and over again.
It doesn't take a musicologist to understand it's about the fella with the fangs and the cape.
But at any rate.
The only bloodsuckers that I encountered, and they were quite enough for me, were legions of mosquitoes and swarms of buzzing night flies to disturb my fitful slumber, to drain the blood of innocence and leave its stains upon the pillow of shame.
Wow.
Well, you can get a pie stain from that.
I already ate the pie.
If you lay in one of those old mosquito tents for a long enough time, your body starts to contort.
The tents of wickedness.
No, I ripped open that refrigerator door and engulfed that remaining pie in one titanic moment of orgiastic self-satisfaction.
Of splendor.
I think she sweetened it with sugar, actually, but I didn't care.
No, you know, those mosquitoes weren't the only bugs around X-Day.
That's for sure.
There was Tommy Amoeba, for instance.
That's right.
Tommy Amoeba, the so-called lowest form of life.
Of course, the amoeba itself is not the lowest form of life.
By no means.
What is?
What is?
Dave, we don't want to answer that question right now.
Not like paramecia or different...
No, no, those are pretty complex creatures.
Even protists, I think...
Well, what would be, like, what is a form of life?
You see, you can go so far down the scale that it is debatable whether some things are forms of life.
Bacteria would be pretty low, but bacteria can catch a virus.
I'm not sure of that.
I'm making that up.
But viruses are much smaller than bacteria.
And what about prions?
Prions.
What about them, then?
What's a prion?
Is it like a neutron or a...
That's the thing you use to open the lid of a stubborn jar.
That's right.
Although I managed to bring a church key.
I was just looking over the schedule for next day.
What now turns out to have been...
The 17th X-Day drill.
Drill, baby, drill.
Everything we promised happened.
And it happened pretty much on time.
And yet you sounded disappointed as if no X-Day had happened or it only partially happened.
Well, we're not in our palatial saucers servicing sex goddesses at the moment, but we're reasonably happy.
And after all, we survived.
Dr. Hal and I recently learned from...
For instance, that we don't have to be at the airport at noon.
We can sleep all day if we want to.
I'd better check that data, but I'm happy to receive it.
Will you be sharing a cot?
That was actually...
I offered.
I actually offered to share a cot.
But Dr. Hal and I, believe it or not, are both known for snoring.
Not that either one of us has ever heard it.
Well, you can't hear it.
You're asleep at the time.
But they complain.
They complain and they shake you and wake you up and tell you how terrible your snoring is.
My concern is...
See, I've got a guest room, but it's not air-conditioned.
I have a bedroom, but no wife.
And I thought, well, Dr. Hal could snore next to me in the air-conditioned room.
You can get along without her for just this one time.
I need a warm body next to me.
But what concerns me is that between your snoring and my snoring, which are of different timbers,
they might build up some sort of resonating frequency.
Yes, like when you march across a bridge and don't break a step.
We could do serious damage to your house.
Right.
Is that what you want?
Or some sort of detritus.
Cause bricks to vibrate at a different rate than the mortar?
Cause the entire thing to come down tapasal tiri?
I almost used an indelicate expression.
But this is, after all, regular folks' radio.
Yes, and it's indelicate indeed.
You could probably point your snores at some enemy, or some enemy of the people, or of yourself.
No, uh, you point your snores.
No, actually, I don't intend to use this unfortunate thing as a weapon, but only in the service of peace and human...
You can make money.
Oh, money. Well, in that case, I might make some revisions.
We'll have to work out the details, hammer them out, and bowl sessions.
Extending far into the night.
The, um, the head of the American Order of Druids once criticized me in public while I was ranting at Starwood.
I asked, after my sermon, I said, are there any questions?
And, uh, Isaac Bonowitz, the head of the Druids, stood up and said, how can you stand to live with yourself snoring so loud?
He'd been lodged in the same place.
He'd been lodged in the same place.


I was in a pathetic trailer with me.
And, uh, and you know what happened?
He died.
Well, you see, why don't you go after him?
So, that just goes to show, you don't go, you don't, you don't go making fun of Reverend Stang and his unfortunate snoring.
Or he'll snore you to death, even if he didn't mean to.
You see...
I didn't wish death on Isaac, but I also knew better than to make fun of Reverend Stang snoring.
To one who lives gigantically, even the, uh, basic upper class...

...operations of life are performed with enormous, heroic, noble effort and sound effects in color, sense around, Todd AO, VistaVision, and RumbleRama.
Ah, indeed.
And if we're all left alone like that, you know, pretty soon, I could imagine thousands and thousands of people's heads exploding.
Well, then you wouldn't have to pay back the loan.
But, uh, we'll cross that bridge when we break step.
Like foot soldiers.
Yes, yes.
With thousands, like a centipede.
A human centipede? Oh, I didn't want to go there.
But, uh, perhaps, um, we will at another time describe some of the quaint, uh, pasture, uh, um, pastimes at Ex Day.
We did have, uh, renegade scientist Papa Joe Mama there to, uh, show some unusual things.
He even appeared personally.
In a jack-chick track. I couldn't believe it.
Yeah.
How does this guy get into a jack-chick track?
It was his life's dream, and he achieved it.
Unfortunately, it was my life's dream, too, and I didn't achieve it.
I didn't know that.
Although the late Isaac Bonowitz, who I just mentioned earlier, is in a jack-chick track, depicted as the evil overlord over a huge army of thugs and mercenaries who are the American Druids.
I happen to know that.
I knew this guy, and I thought, when I read the jack-chick track, it's like, seems like he'd drive a better car.
Or a tank.
Yeah, if he, if he had that many minions.
Oh, well.
But, so, yeah, I've never appeared in a, in a, uh, Papa Joe did try to get Jack Chick to do an anti-subgenius chick comic.
And Jack thought about it, and he said, well, he'd prey on it, which is his polite way of saying, not in this life, Charlie.
Like P-R-E-Y? He was going to somehow default to that?
No, he was going to go in his closet and prey.
But he did, he did work a, a caricature of Papa Joe himself into it, although...
As a cop?
Granted, he did not know Papa Joe Mama as the subgenius preacher we know him as.
No, of course not.
He only knew him as an infiltrator under another name.
Nor has he ever seen him in drag.
Father Joseph Mother.
But he did put him in a black uniform as a cop.
I thought he was doing a sheet of the she-wolf of the S.S. again.
Uh, well...
But I was not there.
I don't know if, uh, Jack is, uh, tracking on that one either.
We came up with a couple of, uh, more formal names for subgenius preacher friends of ours.
Philo started calling Papa Joe Mama Father Joseph Mother.
And at one point, I, as, as kind of a vocal typo, I referred to Susie the floozy as,
as Reverend Susan the floo-son.
Hmm.
It was just a slip of...
How did she like that?
Uh, she, she loved it.
It was a new one.
It was like, where, where's that been all our lives?
Why didn't we think of that?
Yeah.
Well, let's just let them wear it and let them get the stock out themselves.
You know, we, we...
Her friends call her Susie the floozy, but of course, you know, on, on her driver's license,
it says Susan the floo-son.
Mm-hmm.
So...
I don't know such things.
I don't know such things.



You know, give me mirth, you know, to hear people say things like that about, you know,
if you name was Eyckenstangend or Feggenstangen or Fange-stang...
Ay Reverend Eyckenstang.
Oh, you know, what really bothers me is when they, they want to show that they're not
ignorant suckers and they know I'm not really a minister, and they'll walk up and go, uh,
Mr. Stang.
It's like that, dude, you're proving everything wrong.
I really am a minister.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Not Mr. Stang.
It's Citizen Stang.
I'm Reverend Stang, and that's it.
Or you can call me Mr. Smith.
But half the people in the room will turn around if you yell that.
So hooey.
It's a bunch of hooey if you ask me.
Let's yell that in a crowded theater and see who gets burned up.
It's like certain carny acts which I've seen, and no doubt Reverend Stang has seen,
where the guy chews a light bulb and swallows the broken glass
and then wipes his mouth with a napkin and washes it down with Windex out of a bottle.
And people say, well, I know that's just sugar glass, but it looks like he really did drink Windex.
Am I mistaken, or did Andrew the Impaled not perform just last night?
He did, but I didn't catch it.
However, I've seen this type of act many times.
I've seen him eat a dozen light bulbs.
Well, the fact is, this is what I was getting at, you can eat light bulbs, though I don't recommend it.
As long as you chew the broken glass.
If you chew the broken glass enough, you can swallow and digest it.
But drinking Windex is something you can't do.
So the people who speak knowingly, oh, he just ate fake glass, but he drank a little Windex,
have got it completely backwards.
He actually ate glass, but drank no Windex.
Andrew revealed part of his secret.
St. Andrew the Impaled?
Yes, Andrew the Impaled eats a banana before he goes on stage.
A banana?
Yes.
A banana.










He does chew the glass into powder, and when he swallows it, it's met by the banana goo that's still down there.
Then he eats another banana real fast.
Banana goo.
When you're not looking, he shoves another banana down there to kind of help coat the glass or some kind of...
And a gallon of methadone doesn't hurt either.
I would think that a toilet paper would shred...
Well, let's not go into that.
But we did want...
But we did want...
Eating the glass is another problem with glass eaters.
Just eating it is the first problem.
Eliminating it is the second problem.
He did do the human blockhead last night.
He hammered a nail directly into his face.
But you see, I'm jaded because I've seen the Reverend David Apocalypse pound nails into his head many times.
I'm afraid out on the left coast, this is not such a new thing.
And even in Amsterdam...
Dr. Howell?
Yes?
David Apocalypse and Andrew the Impaled...
were a touring Yankee freak show.
I know that.
Who went on tour with Dr. Legume and me in the 90s.
Yes.
So we've been...
People have been hammering nails into their noses here on the East Coast just as long.
Maybe longer than they have on the West Coast.
I don't want to get into some kind of a competition of face, nose, nailing.
Nor should you.
Nor should you.
I'm just saying...
I will tell you...
I will tell you a funny, true story.
This morning, Princess Wee and I were cleaning up the stage
so that the Starwood people would not find a big mess.
And I, of course, spilled a bunch of crap all over the place.
Some of it fell down between some boards.
And we had to find something sharp and pointy to pry these objects out with so that we could throw them away.
So you...
Princess Wee...
...noticed a nail...
...nail on the stage and picked it up.
And she looked at it and said,
I know that this was inside his nose, but I'm going to use it anyway.
And she used the nail that...
The Andrew snot-covered nail to pry those things.
They really do hammer those nails in.
It's not a collapsible nail.
I know they do.
It's not a fake.
And you could do it, too.
The nose part is the trick.
But we don't recommend that anybody do it.
Look, as I tried to explain the other night,
I've seen so many of those shows that now I'm only concerned that nothing go wrong while it's happening.
Because if it does, if something tears or doesn't work as it's supposed to,
then I, as an audience member, will somehow obscurely be blamed for being there and enabling, as they say today, the performance, which sadly...
That's true.
Who is that guy we saw in Amsterdam?
Yeah, I was thinking about him.
He was another...
He was really...
That guy was a real man.
A masochist.
Who, Jim Rose?
No.
Someone we saw perform in Amsterdam.
I'm trying to think of...
Oh, God.
He hung all kinds of things by hooks from the most sensitive parts of his body.
Well, I've seen...
I remember Senator Rocknar fainting.
He couldn't watch that.
It disturbed him so much.
I mean, he literally turned even paler than normal and fell off of his chair.
Pale grew his cheek.
I've passed out when I was catheterized one time.
They put the tube up there, and just seeing it made me go...
And I passed out on the floor.
They had to be removed with a shovel.
Well, I hope you didn't have any tubal litigation to follow.
Nestled in a tranquil, wooded setting, the Church of the Subgenius is the center of creativity for wisteria and the surrounding areas.
Making their home in a century-old kingdom adjacent to Old Sequaw's Pond,
the Church of the Subgenius offers a perfect environment for making do with whatever is shoveled.
The Reverend Ivan Stang, born in a log cabin in Tuberculosis B.T. in the years it was there as he always was there,
leading them on and off.
He was born in a log cabin.
He helped...
He helped construct himself.
Oh, now I see action in the parking lot.
Somebody just pulled in.
It's Big Louie and the boys.
They're just at the edge of the screen, Stang, on the very far right of the screen.
It's like the Droogs in Clockwork Orange, so you better get out your water pistols.
Oh, well, we're up high on the upper floor.
We should be seeing one of our fellow X-Day performers walking in.
You see that long, skinny shadow?
I do.
Is it the thing, man?
Tall.
Thin.
Here he comes.
Sinister-looking fellow.
He doesn't know we're talking about him.
No, he doesn't.
But we can see him on the station closed circuit.
He might actually know what you're saying about him, you know, with a second sight.
Now, when I was a tiny, toddling tot, I used to have a little tinny two-bit transistor radio, which I carried around.
Nobody does that anymore.
But if they did, they could hear us while they go shambling down the street.
They could even spin it around with a little...
Little attachment on top that, like, you know, you can hang it from your belt.
You're talking about a tin, an old crystal...
It's about the size of a pack of cigarettes.
They're called smartphones, Dr. Allen.
They can listen to the hour of...
I used to have a little plastic transistor radio.
It was this big.
It was red, and on it, I was the first in my family to hear John F. Kennedy had been shot in Dallas.
I just don't know why I was home that day, because it was a school day.
Nonetheless, I...
I was playing hooky also.
I went down, and I told the mom and dad about this, and they turned on the big TV, which was a new purchase in our household.
And for the rest of the next few days, we watched the entire JFK show, including Oswald and everything else.
Did you see Oswald get shot?
We did.
We were right there.
My parents did, but I didn't.
Well, we did.
Dr. Sinister has entered the room.
He has evidently survived X-Day partially.
He felt the temperature drop a few degrees.
That's how you do it, right?
But nobody...
Nobody...


You're saying he has a transistor radio anymore, and you say the phone, but the phone doesn't pick up radio, does it?
Everybody's complicated phone that does everything doesn't pick up radio.
They do almost everything except work as a phone.
Yes, it can pick up the radio, because it gets the internet.
And everything is streamed on the dang internet.
It may be streaming and dripping, but it's not, you know, picking up radio waves.
There's 34 people.
There's 34 people plus one Canadian listening to us right now.
Genuine, battery-free, Calvin Coolidge radio set.
And they're listening to us through a freaking cloud.
That's the part that irritates the living bejesus out of me.
You don't believe clouds ought to be computing?
I do not believe clouds should be communicating with people.
I think they should communicate with other clouds or with the little vestiges of nature that might be around it at the time.
Next thing you know, we'll be dealing with foglets.
Foglets?
That's right.
A foglet.
A fog of fervor.
Blinding us to anything but our love of what we do.
Ah.
I like that phrase, then.
Our love of self-love.
Well, one must start somewhere.
That would be like the creme brulee out of no way.
If you're talking about Five Finger Mary, I'll defend Herd of the Death.
Five Finger Mary?
That's also obscene.
Well, look.
We can't be...
The straight and narrow, the true pasteurized, homogenous, lily-pure, vanilla show all the time.
Is that what our listeners want?
Is that what you want?
Nay, I say nay.
I agree with you.
I...
All righty.
Let's get salty.
Like sailors.
All righty.
Now, I don't want to start.
I'll let you go first.
I have a hard time with salt these days.
I can't get too salty.
I'm watching my blood pressure.
She was round in the...
I can't get too salty.

I can't get too salty.

Yo ho, blow the man down.
And yard on, and yard on.
Away we did go.
Give me some time to blow the man down.
Uh, yes.
Her looks were free.
Her locks were yellow as gold.
Her skin was white as leprosy.
The nightmare life in death was she who thinks.
Man's blood with cold.
Cold?
I don't know if I'm going to go in that room.
Too late.
Anyway, it's out on the open ocean.
Nothing to worry about.
Yes, the mind's eye is much like a big cloud on the open ocean.
It opens and shuts.
It rains.
It causes fervor among the damaged units.
We had the...
We had the...
More cleverly packed units.
It causes a lot of consternation, too.
I was going to say it's helpful, but...
It's not.
There was some turbulence of nature at the campground.
There's some restiveness of sky and woods and wind and rain.
Yeah, I can't wait to hear the recording of when that lightning struck about 12 feet from us.
Right while we were doing the show.
Yeah, we were doing a radio show.
We happened to be facing...
Those of us who were at the...
At what we call Tarzan's radio station.
We were facing the audience.
So the audience didn't actually see this.
They just heard...
They heard this explosion behind them.
But they saw the flash.
No, we saw the flash.
Like the searing flash that announced the beginning of the atomic age.
Holy head.
God was not pleased with the selection of movies at the 24-7 grindhouse.
Apparently not.
And he hurled a thunderbolt.
Either that or he wanted more people to go down there and watch.
I saw a number of people running down the hill into the grotto.
Out of concern to see if there was anything left of the grindhouse movie theater.
After that display of celestial fire.
The floors were very sticky there.
Well, Reverend Feitzee Taj ran down there.
Like, I've never seen anybody run so fast.
Of course, he owned all the equipment.
It could have been infused into a solid lump by the force of millions of megavolts of actinic energy.
But it wasn't.
The Betty Boop cartoon was still running.
Well, I'm sure that was worth seeing.
My brief...
You know, X-Day is...
It's slackful for many people.
But for me, it's a job.
It's watching Betty Boop cartoons?
It's a job.
And the moments of slack that I personally got were when Princess Wee and I would wander down to the grindhouse.
There'd be nobody else down there.
And every time we went down there, he had Warner Brothers cartoons, Betty Boop.
Oh, that sounds great.
And there were ones we hadn't seen before.
The Betty Boop ones had professors.
Professor...
Grampy.
Oh, no.
Oh, yeah.
Professor Grampy.
I was not familiar with him as a character.
I have seen Professor Grampy.
He reminded me of a subgenius.
Because in the cartoon we saw, Betty's little nephew was sad because he couldn't go to the carnival.
It was raining.
So Professor Grampy turned his home into a carnival.
Just as we at X-Day.
Like the Little Rascals, we turned the barn into a theater and make an orchestra out of jugs and combs.
Professor Grampy took a washing machine and turned it into a merry-go-round and all manner of...
He had his whole house like a subgenius carnival.
I thought like a carnivore he would have used a machine gun rather than a machine washer.
That's a more modern cartoon that you're thinking about.
This is...
This is a...
Made in the late 30s.
When times were tough.
They were tough and the Fleischer cartoons were already losing their edge because of the production code which made Betty Boop matronly instead of sexy.
Took her out of her little black mini skirt and put her in a long skirt.
Mm-hmm.
It was sad.
Yeah, I realized when I was watching that cartoon that I don't recall ever seeing a picture of the woman who did Betty Boop's voice.
You never...
You never seen a picture of Mae Questel?
No.
Does she look anything like Betty Boop?
Well...
With the gigantic skull on the tiny little body?
No, but although she did the voice, that is actually based on Helen Kane who did more resemble Betty as we saw her in the earlier Fleischers.
To the early Fleischer Popeyes, the ones with the two slamming doors and the foc'sle of the ship are the only true Popeye cartoons.
Afterwards, he was emasculated and put in that white suit.
Wow.
Sailor suit.
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He's been that way ever since.
We have helped in whatever way we can to demasculate Popeye.
Oh, doctor...
We see as a cultural icon of the Americans that his genitals must be removed and placed in this small package here and kept on ice for weeks after weeks.
And we in that way can we neuter the American public.
I'm sorry.
I saw a terrible thing done to Popeye.
That's what we're talking about.
I walked into a room where there was a terrible thing called a television.
I tried to avoid those, but I turned it on and there was a CGI Popeye cartoon.
A CGI Popeye.
And he was preaching good behavior to kids.
Bluto was his friend.
And on top of this, the music for it was done by a subgenius, Reverend Mark Mothersbaugh.
I was never.
Never.
So ashamed.
So where did Olive Oil fit into all this?
I don't think she even appeared in it.
Of course they have to get rid of Olive Oil to make Bluto and Popeye friends.
I saw an updated Yogi Bear cartoon where Yogi was the friend of Ranger Smith.
This park was no longer a national park.
Jellystone had been bought by a rich person.
And Rangers, rather than spending his life stealing picnic baskets...
from pinks, the formerly subversive Yogi had become this simpering slave to a rich lady.
Yogi and Ranger Smith and Boo Boo were working together to keep the rich lady owner of the property from getting upset.
I don't like to break in, Reverend Stang, but that sounds like the plot of the recent live action Yogi Bear movie.
Yeah.
I tried to avoid even thinking about that, but this was a cartoon I saw.
Featuring Justin Timberlake as Boo Boo.
It was very, very homogenous.
Don't try it out.
You don't want to hear any more about it?
No, I don't want to hear any more about it.
Okay, well, how about the...
And don't mention the Three Stooges movie.
I don't want to know about that either.
All right, I won't mention that one.
But what about the Ranger Smith cartoon, Boo Boo Goes Wild?
Now, that I've seen about 20 times.
In fact, I've probably got a copy of it in that briefcase.
I'd love to have a copy of that.
Boo Boo's got boobies.
Philo always has a copy of it.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I once watched it at X Day.
Yeah.
Over and over again.
I show cartoons at my live show, and it seems to me that one might be a good one.
You see, Boo Boo and Yogi's in Amaranta, Cindy Bear, decide that they're tired of wearing
anthropomorphic outfits and will just go back to being natural bears.
And so there they sprawl with chiggers and dirt and drool while Yogi is horrified.
Yeah, Yogi doesn't refer.
No.
To his animal nature.
But Boo Boo and Cindy do.
And in fact, they go off into the woods together.
They do.
Yes, it's a most interesting story.
I'm just going to show you.
This is a lesson.
It's the end.
But Yogi goes to Ranger Smith.
He goes, we've got to do something about Boo Boo.
And Ranger Smith is actually, with Yogi's help, about to put Boo Boo down.
Yes.
At the climax.
They're weeping and crying because they're going to have to shoot Boo Boo, who has turned
into a real bear.
You know, he's no longer this cute thing with a bow tie.
And at the end, I think.
Well, we don't want to give everything away.
I don't want to spoil it.
We don't want to give everything away.
But this problem is solved the way problems always are at the end of cartoons.
But then they stage a hilarious buttocks mutilating ceremony where first Ranger Smith slaps Yogi's
butt.
And then Yogi, with his sharp claws, rips and mutilates Ranger Smith.
And then they turn around and do it again, you know, all in time to the music.
So this cartoon is heartily recommended.
It gets four stars.
Yogi's claws are actually a tasty pastry.
It's a Ranger Smith cartoon entitled Boo Boo Goes Wild.
It was done by John Kay.
John Kay.
Of Ren and Stimpy.
Right.
He's a great cartoon maker.
You know, you're always putting down the Internet.
But if you just avoid all the obnoxiousness, you can go to a site where he analyzes.
He analyzes cartoons and shows frame by frame why Clampett's cartoons are so great.
John Kay does.
I don't have anything against the Internet.
My problem is with the people on the Internet.
Yes, but you can research.
My fellow users are my problem.
You can look and see pictures of the new dinosaurs they ever discovered.
Like Utah Ceratops that has 15 horns.
All these great new dinosaurs.
Anyway.
Great new dinosaurs.
Don't hang away from the...
I don't want to know about all that.
When I was a kid, there was only 10 dinosaurs.
They had their names and the length of them printed on their tails.
And that's the way it's always going to be.
Yeah, well, you had to stand on the right side to read it.
Jesus used to ride a dinosaur.
Yes, I know.
What kind of pterodactyl did Jesus ride?
I just put some new YouTubes up myself.
Just before X Day Week.
Like the night before.
I was up real late putting my micro-bug porn on the RevStan YouTube channel.
And we watched some of it at X Day.
Yeah, we attempted to make a narration soundtrack.
I don't know how successful it was.
Microbial life.
Yeah, I showed it a lot.
When the band...
When Tommy Amoeba was playing, we ran the whole thing again.
Yes, I saw that.
And occasionally people on stage would turn around to look in wonder at the...
What the hell are they playing behind me?
Oh, my God.
I like when you play those old 1970s porn movie music behind the...
Well, we did that, too.
How did you know?
How did you know? Yes.
I know you weren't there.
Did I tell you about that?
Because I did do that.
Because it had been announced previously.
And I have the ears with which to sing.
You don't remember anything else.
Why would you remember that?
Well, I remember a number of things.
It's just the important things I cannot.
Oh.
For those which are deemed important at the time.
Well, let's be grateful that we can remember anything.
Because the time may come when oblivion will swallow all.
My brain is starting to look like a little turd.
Well, I can't do anything about that.
Turn into a piece of lumpage.
But when you wake up each morning, Grasshopper,
is that not the greatest miracle of all?
No.
No, actually.
Yeah.
Believe me.
Believe in yourself.
God.
But I want to do magic tricks like you.
The greatest magic, my son,
is being able to bend over and tie your shoe.
Yeah, but that's crap.
I want to know how to do miracles.
The greatest miracle is the moon going through its faces in the sky.
Yeah, you're full of it.
I want to take a ram it out.
Well, anyway.
Oh, yeah.
You know.
What is wisdom?
I don't know.
Timmy.
I don't know.
Wise answer.
That's from the seven faces of Dr. Lowe.
Yes, really.
You know, that's another one they should remake, except they won't.
They'd wreck it.
It would be full of testicle-kicking jokes.
Yes, they would.
You know, poo jokes.
But you know why they won't make it or why they can't make it at the moment?
Because the rights were bought by Michael Jackson.
Oh, get out of here.
You had some scheme of playing all the Tony Randall parts himself.
Fortunately for...
I hope I die soon.
He died before this could happen.
All Tony Randall's parts in Dr. Lowe.
Yes, exactly.
I bet it would be every bit as wonderful as The Wiz.
That remake of Wizard of Oz starring...
Who's that Supreme's...
It was Diana Ross, if I'm not mistaken.
The horrible Diana Ross.
Diana Ross.
She's a giant clean...
She's a giant clean...
Close-ups of her wrinkly face as she emotes.
Yes, I remember.
Michael Jackson as the Scarecrow.
Yes, I remember.
Is there another Wizard of Oz remake in the works right now?
Andrew Michael Jackson?
I don't believe so, but...
I can't believe I've yet done that.
Let us pray that it's not Tim Burton who's doing it.
That's exactly what I feared.
I often suspected that this was going to be...
That might happen, but of course it would hew close to his reimagining of the...
MGM Technicolor Judy Garland musical and not go back to the Oz books.
And when that was tried some years ago by Walter Murch,
the great sound editor who directed a version called Return to Oz...
That was good.
It was good.
It was right out of the original Oz books,
and it sank like a stone.
Right.
People didn't like it.
Where are the munchkins?
Where are the ruby slippers?
Where's the songs?
No, it was not a musical.
It was dark and twisted.
It was dark.
Dark and twisted.
And they had Oz characters like The Gump and Tick Tock
and all these wonderful characters, you know.
Tick Tock was the person who kept on reminding them of their mortality.
No.
Tick Tock is an automaton, a mechanical man,
but entirely operated by clockwork,
and you have to keep winding him,
and if his mouth keeps going but his brain winds down,
he starts spouting gibberish like some I could mention.
Speaking of clockwork...
But he's also a Disney crocodile.
Be quiet, everyone.
Huh?
And with that, friends,
the Hour of Slack is now giving way to the following show.
Get free!
Insert show name here.
The Hour of Slack.
