Oh, oh, I hug myself till my arms turn blue, and then I close my eye till I cry and cry till the tears come down and I can taste them.
I love to taste my tears.
I am special.
I am special.
I am special.
Please, God, please.
Don't let me be normal.
Oh, yes, dear friends, and welcome to the subgenius radio.
The ministry power of black.
Studies in the word of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
High Epoch, living avatar of black, overlord of the 12 super universes, saint of sails, and deflowerer of cony.
Featuring your host and prayer partner, Reverend Ivan Stang.
And a cast of hundreds of the truth.
Thirteen apostles of Bob.
Brought to you by Bulldata Time Control Laboratories.
A subsidiary of the First Orthodox Stangian Megapest Temple Lodge of the People's Covenant Church of the Wrath of Dobbs.
Yet he resurrected.
Post office box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
That's correct.
Yeah.
Yeah.

And they...
And they...
Said, as ye hath the pipe, so shall ye smoke it.
And lo, it was smoked, and it was good and pure, and all the world smoked with him.
And welcome, dear friends, to Hour of Slack number three.
Three hundred and forty-six, I believe it is this time.
And we've got a special guest once again.
A very, very special guest today, since it's Father's Day.
I'd like to bring to you the civet, the civetmeister, the civetzilla.
Civetmeister.

The Tevinet.
Teviniter.
Dear friends.
Hey, all you kids out there.
I know what's wrong.
I can help.
I know what to do.
You are spending entirely too much money on your father.
You are spending completely too much time with him.
Get out.
You are free.
Bob is setting you free.
Oh, praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Hey, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
What am I saying?
What?
I don't know.
It was Father's Day.
I thought Bob was supposed to make sure the fathers got more time from their sweet daughters.
Yeah.
Sometimes it's Slack liberation.
It's a little bit.
I think some people maybe take it just a bit too far.
I mean, you know, why, holy shite and Bob gobbly, or I'll be gobs of gully gushing.
Better puke your peat on full throttle poke teat.
Elsewise, your wants will be a wagon down on Mammy's hind nanny.
Because there's a case of slaves and slackers.
Black robbers out to chop your slobber.
Pinks and dinks licking the inky slinky off your tongue.
Just when you're ripen to throw them the loaf, slap back them and bomb at them.
They, they, they, dear friends, don't want your bone to be.
And if you got the cleft in stealth, Mammy-o, oh, they'll hate your worth eight ways worse.
So, why can't your peaser pop a squeezer when the gushers are going all normal and anti-right-like?
I mean, crotch you don't no-dacious sense in your sneezing chamber?
Hushed in a empty platterer in your bean bag, boy?
Where's your rollerballs, eh?
I can't grok me no love grow on these moo-joo, moo-joo logo bags.
They cut your jet purse and water your creamery coming and going.
And the slums of lovin' won't beat heat your oven, cause the slacky tacks of the grinning
sinner be their flaw to flee.
The odd dogs'll do ya, but you are, are, are lettin' em bang down the barn doors.
And your cows are, are gettin' it and out.
You gonna let them get you?

You gonna moon the man?
Or folly em mooin' to the slafter house like good baby's butter butt?
Or not?
You're gonna have to spreech ingress, Jake.
Get right with your muscle snake snunk monkey.
Quit spritzin' your blizzerer lessen its snowin' light lute juice.
Elsewise, you're pleadin' for a drink.
You're bleedin' bleeders blowin' hot water.
You go blind or please your neither tryin' not to.
Either way, you're gettin' up on the wrong side orbit for this kind of freed-peed needin'
side trade.
Well, won't yer gon' yer stand there like a dammy nickel slug?
Or you gonna puss your plimperer in a righteous hargany?
Pee-boy, you got weeny rivers in your fluter tubes.
Join gumption's with the true and the seed-brain.
You're gonna get a good time.
What's the use of a
wave and peepfer bob, man?
It's sin.
Your genes.
Buy out the gland owners with what you earned with your skinny, peelin' face of pain.
Lisa piece of the fine assed and have a fuzzy big ballock.
Strike your heart best blow for the left cord of the rocket racket.
This space outer belongs to your horrid shit.
in the crutch of your choice toys.
And I've been bonging the flush lugging her peers
to let them stank you know who's coming.
Them cans ain't keen to hob on no Bobby, no sir ma'am.
You just art and ugum good.
And they'll be some gone bygones, baby.
This has been your re-enunciator.
Thank me.
Thank you.
Hello, friends, and welcome.
The sermon tonight is entitled Break Out.
Yes, friends, break out.
You see, the human animal is just like any other animal,
given the bare necessities, and it becomes complacent.
You go to the zoo, and what do you see?
Cage after cage of animals,
contented being owned by someone else,
all in exchange for little food, shelter,
and perhaps a company of members from the opposite sex.
That's all it takes, friends, and they're satisfied.
But most of them become tame,
and the zoo, if any, ever even try to escape.
Hard to believe, isn't it?
But true.
When was the last time you heard of a zoo revolt?
Or a zoo breakout?
Taking hostages and making demands for better treatment?
It doesn't happen.
Animals have no determination for self-determination.
They eventually stop struggling and give up.
And you know what, friends?
So do humans.
The moron majority are deprived of their freedom.
Each and every day.
Yet they work and pay taxes to the same occupational government
that has kept them in spiritual chains all these years.
At least the animals don't have to go to work.
Or Brown knows the boss.
At least the animals were free at one time.
At least they resisted being captured in the first place
and struggled to get away.
That's better than their human counterparts
that never fought at all.
Nay, the humans pay to be oppressed.
They vote to be oppressed.
They elect new masters every few years
and even allow them pay increases.
Oh, sure, the public pisses and moans
about how terrible everything is.
But come election time, they re-elect 99%
of the same self-proclaimed leaders.
It's called the conspiracy, friends.
And you support it every time you buy their products,
respect their authority, pay their taxes,
or live their life.
So tell me this.
Which animal do you think is the one with the brain?
The one in the zoo?
Or the domesticated human variety?
If you're going to be a prisoner, friends,
you might as well be an unproductive one in a cage
rather than a working stiff locked in some office
with fluorescent lights and recycled air.
There's no way to be a free man
because there's no freedom.
They claim it's a jungle out there,
but let's face it, that's only wishful thinking.
It's a cage.
One giant cage.
Some of it is landscaped and skyscraped,
but most of it's concrete glass and bars.
Remember, stone walls do not imprison men.
Obedience does.
And everyone in our society must obey.
If you don't, you're sent to a small living room.
Another cage.
A telephone booth type cell
where you'll stay until you learn to obey.
It all seems so hopeless now, doesn't it?
And yet, dear friends, there is an alternative.
There is a way to disobey.
You can join the underground resistance league
that fights to be free.
Guerilla soldiers that pretend to obey by day
but disobey by night.
These freedom fighters won't sell their obedience
for nice cars, VCRs, furlough vacation trips,
or fantasy entertainment.
Nor will they trade it in for a warm cage
and three square meals.
No, sir.
They, that is to say we, continue to fight
for what we had taken away so long ago.
Freedom.
Freedom of choice.
Freedom of thought.
Freedom of speech.
Freedom of sex, drugs, rock and roll, and religion.
Our religion.
The church to the subgenius.
The only one world, one true religion,
made up exclusively of mercenaries who kill for Bob.
While the subservient Christians are content
to drink the symbolic blood of the lamb,
we, the subgenies, demand the real thing.
Hot human blood.
And guess whose blood it is?
Oh, yes, the normals say we have no honor,
for we attack the devil.
We attack at night and blend in during the day.
But do they have honor by collaborating with the enemy
24 hours a day and night?
Let's to wonder, we're unafraid of reprisals.
The conspiracy could try to shoot as many of us as they want,
but they'll probably kill more normals than the crossfire,
and that just saves us bullets to use on somebody else.
Give us liberty or give us death.
Better yet, we'll give death,
and we'll take liberty.
After all, we've nothing to lose.
If they catch us, it's off to the little cage we go.
At least then we won't have to work for a living.
And besides, it's only a few years
until we storm the Bastille anyway.
The worst they can do is kill us,
and yet by doing so, they grant us the spiritual freedom
that we've lusted for so long.
We prefer a quick execution to a slow society death
via conformity, coercion, and violence.
That's why they're Campus
The people are glued to the cor marker.
they struggle longer,
and И Frage
why They Always

And Arthur
wantdon't
did not
predeceive
,
What are you sponge
this
'd
gaping wound. Try to stop us if you can, but remember this, we're going to remember who
the collaborators are after the invasion, and no amount of conspiracy clout or money
is worth the pain and suffering the traitors will have in store for them. D-Day is X-Day
1998, and B-Day is payback day for the poor bastards that played it safe during the occupation.
Fight now or flee later, because there's no neutrals in this war. You're either one of us
or you're one of them, and if you're one of them, beware, because we've got your number.
Better enjoy that conspiracy sports car while you still have hands to dry, or relish that new
track house while you still got soft feet to pitter-patter around on the conspiracy wall-to-wall
carpets.
The interest you need to know is that we're going to be back in the game.
The money you pay on your mortgage will be interesting indeed to the grand inquisitors
of our around-the-clock collaborator courts. If you think you've got a good life now, you're
right, especially when compared to the last miserable moments you'll experience floating
upside down in the excess acid bath chambers. As the liquid melts the eyelids from your face,
you may glimpse the distorted image of the world.
The world is full of spectators watching you from outside your plexiglass tube. You may even notice
that we chant something in unison, though your ears will be too dissolved to hear it. So allow
us to say now what you won't be able to appreciate until then. We told you so, we told you so,
we told you so. Here into the world of our praise, Bob. Amen.
Oh, praise Bob and amen.
Thank you, thank you, Father Joe Mama, the incredible Father Joe Mama. And now, dear friends, for the new laws of the week.
Welcome to Crazy Laws by The Tevinator. The new laws of the 90s is this is why we are not allowed to play Hour of Slack
in the 90s.
Some of the laws may not be legal, but Seanっと and Matt, as we're here with the Carry The
Radical Actors Association, should not be allowed to play the next time we take some

Today, I will almost absolutely虐ne you no more.
Thank you to you.
Take care.

Bye-bye.
Oh, thank you, The Tevinator.
That's our new weekly feature.
Like all the weekly features we announce every few shows that you never, ever hear again.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Well, Doctors for Bob are jamming away in the background, I believe, doing the mighty song,
P-Dog Strut.
And that inspires me to read to you here just some loose notes from the word of Bob,
Revelation X, the Bob Apocryphon.
Did you know, this was new to me.
Now, as far as the universal father and or mother, the giant it, is concerned,
the universe is non-existent.
Because it...
It deals with personalities.
It's an animist.
It believes in an animistic universe.
And it keeps all its universes localized under the joint rule of its sons and daughters
and the creative spirits, you see, which is a huge hierarchy.
And this is where the Church of the Subgenius begins to sound like other religions.
In that, for instance, we load all these facts and figures on you.
But these are scientific religious facts, unlike those of our rival cults.
For instance, this hierarchy of universes under the universal giganto creator it thing,
you've got seven super universes.
Not to be confused with supra-universes, which is a whole different thing.
And within each of those super universes, you've got 70 major sectors and 7,000 minor sectors,
700 major sectors, and 7,000 minor sectors.
And in each of those 100,000 local universes, 70 million constellations, 7 billion local stars,
and 7 trillion local inhabited planets.
And on not one of those inhabited planets, dear friends, is their intelligent life.
How about them apples?
Actually, those facts and figures come from the Urantia book, which is a whole different,
ridiculous fake cult, no relation to the Church of the Subgenius.
We'll change all of this.
7 billion local stars.
I'm sure there will be sevens there to eights.
You see?
And there will be.
You see, because the ancestors of all universes really are the pyroflatulations of God.
But you start talking about that, you don't know what you're talking about.
Now, there is, however, and these are the people Bob has to deal with.
There is a bureaucracy of angels.
There are recording angels who are helping us right now.
although we probably don't have the very best recording angels.
There are broadcasting angels, 50,000 watts in this case they're helping out on.
And the fifth group of the superior super seraphim are headquartered on a planet called Greasington
and serve as space transversers to and from the headquarters of the local universities.
You know, it gets really boring, and that's why we have to throw in so many strip shows
and nakedness into the Church of the Subgenius, because if we left that out,
it might as well be the damn Bible or something,
with this endless list of recording clerk angels and secretary angels.
And think of the...
You see, because some of these other people, oh, the Christians,
and the Muslims, they like to speak in tongues, tongers, as they call, some of them call each other.
But the subgenius thinks in tongues, acts in tongues.
It can actually, in spasmodicisms of divine intervention, dear friends,
because our spouting is a refined form of speaking in tongues.
That's what we do, we spout.
They just speak in tongues.
They go,
And, you know, it doesn't really mean anything.
They say it's the ancient.
It's the ancient language of the recording angels, but they're...
You know, they're just making it up off the top of their heads.
They use the same phrases over and over again anyway.
But the spouting of the subgenius, such as I'm doing now,
while it doesn't make much sense, at least it's in English,
and it is a divine spasmodicism.
Tilton, the great...
pastor, Bob,
Tilton.
I'm waiting for the music to end in the back,
or to pick up again in the background.
The great Robert Tilton speaks of the spirit man, his spirit man.
What he's talking about is the subgenius concept of the mental life,
not mental life.
And mental life doesn't have anything to do with, like,
a brain-damaged pronunciation of the word mental life.
Your mental life is what...
It's what the others call a soul.
Only this particular part of your soul can die with the body.
At least we like to hope so.
When they don't, it causes problems.
You know, they shuffle around asking for their...
triple their money back around the subgenius foundation and so forth.
But that's what we're trying to bring you, friends.
Just some real soul,
so that your soul will smell good to Bob,
and to the excess when the end of the world comes,
and it's time, yes, for the harvest.
The harvest.
You know, and you subgeniuses out there should quit feeling guilty.
For having to live in disguise as a pink.
We all have to do it sometimes, you know.
Excuse me, this is a cork in the background.
Yeah, I mean, I know some subgeniuses, they come up to me and they go,
Reverend Stang, man, I'm embarrassed.
I'm giving you this 50 bucks here for these videos,
these new videos of yours, but I don't...
I don't...
I just feel like I have to confess.
I made this money on a conspiracy job.
You see, I'm a lawyer or something, you know.
Or I actually work on a construction line.
I'm sorry, man.
And we understand.
Some people don't even work conspiracy jobs just for the money.
Some subgeniuses actually work conspiracy jobs because...
Well, because they need a...
They need a certain organization in certain aspects of their lives.
Me thinks.
They just...
Hey, what happened to my lovely background music?
I need security in my life, in certain aspects of my life, man.
Oh, well.
I'm not going to wait for...
Oh, that's so much prettier.
As I was saying...
You may...
Many...
Even subgeniuses may need...
The security of the steady paycheck, a house, as a counterbalance of the psyche.
Because it forces the brain, you see, to make its horrible leaps of desperation into the realms of...
Yes, the unknown.
And, uh...
How you have to be Dr. Jekyll sometimes.
Or Mr. Hyde won't exist either.
And, I mean, we're...
Of course, we're all...
We like...
We like the part where you turn into Mr. Hyde.
In fact...
Some people like...
They like the changing.
That's what they get off on is the...
Is the part that hurts so bad when you change over.
And, of course, you know, the stereotypical subgenius would...
He'd want to be Mr. Hyde all the time.
But remember...
Remember who came first.
You're going to have to allow that Dr. Jekyll in.
Because people who try to be Mr. Hyde all the time...
The real bad, crazy subgeniuses...
You know which ones I'm talking about.
You all know one or two.
Just another escapism.
A way of hiding from the world.
And we...
We don't hide from the world, dear friends.
Do we?
No.
But...
Look what crept in.
Oh, no.
But that...
That little...
It looks sort of like a worm.
A worm with glasses.
No!
No!
Stay away from me!
What are you doing?
No!
You're tickling me!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!

Oh!
Oh!








That's what the audience is waiting to see.
When I can stop doing pratfalls like this,
then this show will have advanced to a kind of adult level.
I'm going to go home now and nurse my broken hip.
Thanks, all you callers, for listening,
and maybe next week I won't have to pull this lame, fool, banana stunt.
Probably just some kind of cheap publicity trick, you know?
Anyway, from the control cockpit of the orbiting velocipede,
Robot Rocket 77,
this is Dr. Howell saying goodbye, goodnight, and sayonara.
All you little rocket rookies and etherettes,
and we'll be back with you again next week
on an all-new puzzling evidence subgenius show.
So long.
Who will save his life?
Come on!
He's got kids!
This is supposed to be funny.
Stop it!
I didn't know you were that way.
All right, 720!
The subgenius...
Mr. S, five minutes left to live!
Wait a minute!
Uncle Howell, what's happening down there on the floor?
It looks like a wrestling match.
Oh, the whole thing's just gone to...
But you know, Doug, the fact is,
I'm glad I signed off,
because I sure would hate for the listeners to hear any of this chaos.
They'd be totally turned off.
They'd never listen to the subgenius show.
Hey, that red light's on.
You want to see Uncle Howell?
Phew!
My face is red.
He's leaving the revolving door at the hotel,
getting ready to go to the show.
It's time for another show.
Taxi!
And the taxi comes immediately, of course,
and only costs $1.08.
My most embarrassing moment.
You know, in Tokyo,
when you're hailing a taxi,
if you stick out two fingers...
Oh, here comes one.
What do we do, Uncle Howell?
Well, if you stick out two fingers,
the driver knows that means that you'll pay him twice as much.
And so he'll stop for you,
and if you stick out three fingers,
he knows you'll pay him three times as much.
If you stick out five fingers,
you'll pay five times as much,
because taxis are rare in Tokyo,
and they're expensive like everything else over there.
So, you know, I stuck out my hand.
I didn't know any of this,
and I was just wiggling my fingers,
so this guy named Yak stopped.
Yakuza, I think he was called.
And when I tipped him a shiny 50-cent piece,
well, he grew a little angry,
and that's why I'm here,
and I'd like you to send me some money
so they'll stop torturing me.
Oh, yes, dear friends,
we do need to send Dr. Howell as much money as possible
so they'll stop torturing him.
Or we could send other people more money
so they'd continue torturing him.
Ah, decisions, decisions, decisions.
Uh, Tevinator, did you have something to say?
I love you, Daddy.
Happy Father's Day.
Ah.
I'm speechless.
This is a happy Father's Day.
To have, and friends,
if I could only show you the picture
that the Tevinator gave me of herself.
That was my Father's Day present.
She gave me a picture of herself
that was taken two days after she was born.
She looked so hideous.
It's one of my very favorite pictures of her.
And, uh,
I have to say,
Happy Father's Day to all you dads out there.
There's, uh, even dads that run this show.
Dad's New Slacks.
They're in Portland, Maine,
playing this show.
Happy Father's Day, Dad,
even though it'll be, you know,
July by the time you guys get around
and playing after I get around.
Sending these tapes out,
oh, to the far-flung stations,
the daring, strange college stations
that dare to play
the subgenius radio ministry.
Hour of Slack.
Ah, yes.
And, uh, praise Bob.
And so, that was what happened to Dr. Howell
in the foreign office
I don't believe it.
That's the corniest thing I've...
in the service of his country and church party.
You gotta send him some money.
I only regret that I have but one wife,
life, to give to my country.
Well, he speaks the truth there for once in his life.
So spake nung Nathan Naylor.
A hailer.
A hail and hearty sailor.
I mean, a partisan member of the old country.
This country, I mean.
An old time side.
He's got one wife to give.
One wife on the floor.
He put her in a pumpkin shell and, uh,
well, we can't say what he did the rest of the time.
But, uh, aside from these unsavory incidents
which mar our colonial history,
the record of the radical Americans
of the American Revolution,
is not one to scorn.
Yes, the radicalism of the American Revolution
has been consistently underestimated
by what has become a conservative country.
But, in fact,
the American adventure was an unprecedented leap
into the dark.
Atomic warheads don't.
I don't know.
Why?
I only know that it will signal the end of time.
Why?
Well, I don't know.
Bang.
Oh.
You know, we're gonna land with a bang
if we don't get, uh, past this blizzard out.
The future is sure.
Three more of these modules here
or the, uh, reaction can't start
and the ship will come down so hard
we're gonna...
30 years ago I warned of it.
20 years ago I warned of it.
It's here today.
20 years ago we could have known
and cried and listened to this.
Get that radioactive rabbit up here.
We need some more fuel pellets.
Radioactive rabbits falling out of the top of the...
It was the age of rabbits.
It was the age of despair.
It was the worst of times.
It was the salami of times.
It was the age of ignorance.
It was the age of piggies.
It was the age of ignorance.
And what happened to the rest of these modules?
It's looking pretty poor here.
So Sidney's face was on a milk carton
and, uh, then he got his head chopped off
and he said it is a far, far better thing
one giant step for mankind.
Miserly ways...
I can't. I'm afraid.
Nothing, nothing.
Broadway rhythms got me.
Everybody dance.
Ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha.
You don't care that much.
Okay, I don't care that much.
Bow by the way.
Did you hear me?
No, I didn't.
Okay.
You see, the color of the English crowd
by the emptiness of ages in his face
and on his back, nothing.
...the burden of the world.
And so it came to pass.
Yeah.
It was like space and everything.
It was really neat, man.
Yeah, I wish you could have been here to see it,
but, um, you know, it just flew by so fast
that I'm sure a lot of our callers actually missed it.
It's sad, and, and customer service never called.
But, you know, I want to talk to you,
that poor little shut-in I mentioned.
Remember, sweetheart, there's a bright blue sky overhead.
Birds will be singing tomorrow.
You can take my word for that.
And pretty soon, if you just wait one week,
there'll be a whole other subgenius show.
So remember, we're there.
Always.
Always, always at this time.
You can tune us in.
So get a grin upon your chin.
Don't be glum, chum.
It's right that it should be so.
Boost her up and make her go.
The preceding was a Methodist message
from the Internet.
International monetary conspiracy coin production company.
And a paid political announcement, too.
Do I have to tell them that?
Oh, and it was a paid political announcement
for the Citizens for Puzzling Evidence.
Ah, yeah, he let that one off easy.
What happened to the rest of them modules?
There's supposed to be nine modules here,
and there are only six.
Oh, you can't keep the help
from running off with these modules.
Hey, come back here with that.
with the silver and the lead,
and they're running off with the paintings
and the TV and the auto money.
And Bob's the singer.
The Bob's the singer.
Bob's your uncle.
And did Bob take you home?
Did Bob take you home on that occasion?
Did Bob take you home on that occasion?
Bob took you home on that occasion.
Let me out.
Let me out.
Let me out.

I didn't take you home.






I know that means we've been watching.
We have the taste to perfect the faith.
It was good.
It was good.
I couldn't take the chance
that you might destroy our team.
Our team's ended.
Just like the Lawrence Welk show used to be.
On the air.
And erase me.
Record right over my show.
Yee-haw.
I think I could take one more hot buttered rum martini.
On the air.
And stand in line.
Begin rewind procedure now.
I really think the Church of the Subgenius is...
Yeah, who are you?
Is this some real person?
Oh!
Who?
Now, let's go over that again.
Yeah, Hal, he said he saw a monster.
Relives.
And enjoys.
Uh-oh, watch out.
Is this mission control?
I'm not getting a clear signal.
Go, go, go, go!
You say you saw...
Sir!
Sir, you say you saw some saucer.
Sir!
Sir!
The saucer you say you saw.
Sir!
Sir!
Oh, well, we had someone here who, believe it or not, claimed he saw, well, a flying saucer.
And I figure any guy who shot Bob can't be bad.
America?
Kill me!
Wake up.
And smell the music.
I mean, I.
Six modules have I, six I see.
But nine I need to then be free.
Give me my four modules.
I mean, three modules.
I mean...
It was a dark and stormy night outside the kitchen.
Oh, yeah, no kidding.
Oh, thank you, Dr. Howell.
Oh, I don't want to, uh...
Let me pull that tape a little back, because I want to start that up again later on,
so you can hear about that dark and stormy night routine,
which the evil Dr. Howell does indeed get into.
But have you noticed, dear friends, have you ever noticed how the conspiracy will suddenly announce
in the media the most obvious common sense things in the world as a new discovery?
Like...
Like...
An instance might be, you know, children do better in school if they have a full night's sleep.
Because this huge study with endless funding that kept hundreds of bureaucrats sitting on their tokeses
has allowed them, finally, you know, after millions of dollars of taxpayers' money,
has allowed them to finally figure out this thing that you could have told them anyway.
You know, that your grandma's been saying for a hundred years.
And it's not just...
It's the commies, the pinkos, the homos, the environmentalists, the feminists,
the animal rights activists and earth-firsters,
and the fundamentalists and the prigs and the prudes and the fascists and the republicans and the...
Those are all just tiny pimples upon a great heaving sea of victims, dear friends.
Victims and crybabyisms and self-denial of any responsibility,
for their situation,
and denial of the fact that even within their society of codependent cross-victimization,
it actually remains dog-eat-dog.
It's kind of like, who can out-victim who at this point?
The conspiracy just sits back and laughs as its opponents kill each other off.
The overman must be an objectivist.
You see.
Or the ovary man.
Sir ma'am.
An objectivist.
Because you have to realize, you just would naturally realize,
that a natural sequence of events must have brought this terrible, disgusting world situation about.
It's just like in economics.
It's a huge operating system that you can't control.
You can only ride the waves of it.
The best thing you could do within...
this system is to be the most successful unit in that system.
To create more phylos of slack.
Which improves the whole system, when you get more phylos of slack.
You might as well, you know, because you're stuck in it.
We don't mean the conspiracy system.
We mean the entire system of human and subgenius social interaction.
And at times, perhaps, troublemakers are the most valuable...
units of that system.
And you can generate more phylos by transferring your stangs of pain...
to a lower order within the system, which is better adjusted to running on them.
Such as a lower order of humanoid, who expects nothing but stangs anyway.
You know, pass your troubles on to them, dear friends.
It's just like evolution.
It's the most natural thing in the world.
There's no magic superstition.
None of this...
ethical, moral...
baloney based on thousand-year-old fairy tales.
It's just simply the way things are.
And it took Bob to come out and just say the common sense things...
and all the other religions just dance around.
In fact, all the other religions are nothing but ways to get around acknowledging these things.
So what is the truth?
The truth is...
that's just the way it is, pal.
And if you don't like it...
you got two choices.
Live it...
or lump it.
These are not right-wing ideas.
Nay.
This great system transcends politics.
It's bigger than man.
This is scientific!
It's a collective interaction like a beehive.
You can dig up a whole sheet of bees when they're dormant...
out of a beehive...
and they'll awaken.
They'll swarm a certain way simultaneously, like one unit.
And the conspiracy's great sin...
is to try to organize that swarm of bees...
which is humanity...
which can never be done.
The conspiracy tries to explain things...
and all they end up doing is over-complicating everything...
and run around like a bunch of ninnies...
just signifying...
just signifying...
when they should be providing for their families.
Only we, who have made it to this pinnacle...
of what they consider the ethical scale...
are obliged to share our signifying.
The overman...
an over...
ovaryman...
or uberfem...
wants state...
state sovereignty.
It wants yard sovereignty, for that matter.
Each yard should become a separate nation.
That would be a good start.
I mean, the Soviet Union broke up?
Well, by God, it's time for the U.S. to break up...
into the...
the disunited states...
the Commonwealth of Independent American States...
then the Commonwealth of Independent American Yards.
I mean, in Russia, when they had a coup...
the Russians didn't put up with it.
In America, they didn't even notice when our coup happened...
because they're too busy blaming everything on Lee Harvey Oswald.
Oh, friends, so many conspiracies of fanatics...
with their false explanations for reality...
and because they have explanations, period...
that they expect others to adhere to.
Just as the subgenius accepts its responsibility...
for its abnormality...
it expects others to do the same.
And if they infringe upon our rights...
then we must...
infringe upon theirs.
Ah, yes, praise Bob...
and doctors for Bob...
heard in the background.
Phew!
Damn!
I hate this job...
to work in this dump...
you gotta be a snob.
Everybody gets on my nerves in this place...
I think I'll take the afternoon off...
from the rat race.
An exciting career...
don't amount to much...
but a pain in the rear.
I bust my ass all day for a dollar...
and then I go home...
and listen to the killtower.
Devoted spouse waiting in the den...
Wazza hit me upside the head with a rolling pin.
Ha ha ha!
Does that ring a bell?
A daily routine...
we all know well.
I'm making more...
but enjoying it less.
The good life's mainly causing me stress.
Making a change is difficult but...
I gotta try to get out of this rut.
But fear seems to be holding me back.
Courage is a principal trait I lack.
I gotta calm my nerves so I can think.
I pour myself a nice stiff drink...
and another.
This is my usual mode...
one for the money...
and gin for the road.
Ah!
Now everything is clear.
I gotta get the hell out of here.
Yes, now...
my mission is plain.
A Big Mac is calling my name.
I gotta sample some of Ronald's cooking...
so I raid my wife's purse...
when she's not looking.
Pondering the wonderful thing called marriage.
I accidentally back the car into a piggy carriage.
Excuse me ma'am...
I love to stay in chat...
but watch where you're going next time you're back.
I hit the gas...
and zoom down the block.
Lever in the dust...
yelling for the cops.
Swiping round the corner...
trying to steer.
I get so excited...
I almost spill my beer.
My neighborhood dog...
is yapping in my bumper...
so I dial on the brakes...
and I hear a big thump.
I jump the curb...
and land up on a lawn.
Then I finish my beer...
and turn the radio on.
Some idiot's going on...
about rehab.
I grab a brew...
and me and he gonna pro-tab.
Here comes a little old lady...
with a shot of vodka...





I put the pedal to the metal...
and she runs...
Hanging on my wall...
for a driving power.
I do a donut in a bed of flowers.
Gonna jerk the wheel...
a little too hard.
The car rolls over and over...
on and out of the yard.
Call them of construction.
Call them...
Call them of construction...

of W-W-W-W-W..
Call them of construction...
on and on and on.
And how you doing ma'am...











of empty beer cans rattling at my feet.
Staring in the window as a nosy
little brat. I look him in the eyes
and say I meant to do that. And I notice
my watch says I'm overdue
for my paid appointment at the local
drive-thru. I do a number
on an accelerator and I'm
cutting in line about 30 seconds later.
What do you think this is?
Some kind of joke? Give me 10 big
mics and a small diet coke.
I pull up to the window with my radio
playing. I grab the bag and leave
without paying. I
weave down the road for a block
juggling a beer and a styrofoam
box. Pull into a parking lot
and kill the motor. Presently
I notice a peculiar odor.
A little black smoke is rising
from the hood. Something's gonna happen
and it's probably not good. I open
the door, grab my stuff and go.
Just in time to watch the whole
thing grow. The car explodes
with a bang and a hiss. Oh boy
my wife is gonna really like this.
I can't believe this is
happening to me. This piece of
jilt going back to the factory.
This was a blatant attempt on my
life. Everyone I fought for that
except my wife.
A way of playing begins to emerge.
I suddenly have an overwhelming
urge to spend the night in the
great outdoors. My suburban
lifestyle has become a bore.
I'll build me a fire and finish
my burgers while my wife don't
know no murder. I'll leave
the scene of the unhappy event
resolved to make the most of the
moment. A few yards
away I feel better. I know
I'll write her a letter.
Or better yet, I'll ransom
the man. Got your husband
some money in his hands or else
we'll send his head home in a jar.
Yes! Sorry
about the car. Dad, now that
ought to really do the trick. I'll be getting
on the hook and she'll be worried sick.
But really, I'm gonna make it up
to you, honey. I'll buy you a new car
with your own damn money. I'll walk
a while into the sunset.
On land, at peace with the world.
You bet. Nothing can diminish
my total enjoyment. Except
when I pass my place of employment.
Damn! I hate
this job. To work in this dump
you gotta be a snob.
Everybody gets on my nerves in this place.
I think I'll take the afternoon
off for a wrap race.
Hard like a criminal.
Hard like a
criminal.
Hard like a criminal.
Hard like a
criminal.
Criminal.
Whoa!
A beautiful, beautiful
little piece there
by
MC 900
Foot Jesus.
First time we've ever played a
I don't usually play super famous
bands like MC 900
Foot Jesus.
I don't believe that's
a local
phenomenon.
900 Foot Jesus, if I recall
correctly. Dear friends,
I just thought I'd
break in right about here
and reveal to you that you are
listening to the Subgenius
Radio Ministry
Hour of Slack.
The voice of the church
of the subgenius, the most
disorganized religion,
and
most disorganized

And if you'd like to know more
about, actually there is a lot
more to know about the church.
There's a lot we can't tell you on the radio
for reasons that some of which you can imagine,
some you'd think of and say,
oh, well, no, that's just,
I'm just letting my imagination run wild.
And that would be accurate.
They would apply as well.
And then of course, there are those things we do
that you cannot imagine.
And we can reveal that to you.
For free.
We send you free information,
catalogs and stuff.
If you'll just drop us a postcard,
tell us where to send it.
Here's the number to write to.
You get that pen or pencil or that,
if you don't have a pen or pencil,
I bet you can find something sharp
and extract a dark colored liquid
from your own body and write this on your wall.
Write in blood the name,
Bob.
That's spelled,
B
O
B,
Now write,
P. O. Box
1 4 0 3 0 6.
That's it, that's very good.
Now keep that, don't don't let that
clot up yet,
don't let that little cut clot up.
That's better.
40306 Dallas Texas 75214 yes 75214 that's a zip code you send that and say
send me free information Bob Bob's not really gonna read that postcard probably
either I will or the will of God who is here as always answering your calls and
what he tells him is what I just told you dear dear friends but we have a
secret we're going to reveal right now
absolutely continuing power
you know that stuff we always tell people like turn down your radio it doesn't really matter
turn down your radio I can't understand you
we just make it up because it sounds so radio insensitive
hey are you taping the show
you bet I am
uh oh I forgot the rotation
SIPPROC 46
check 22
SIPPROC 46 text
4-5-P 14 and upscope
4-5-P I have the car awakened the man servant
4-5-P the man servant has awakened
4-5-P and
SIPPROC 6 lock on and launch
14 and launch
and launch
do we have mouth open
what's the matter with the launch tube
the launch the launch
the collar is going to blow the collar is going to blow
get him out of here it's getting too hot
it's getting too hot
Jesus we lost him
that that that wasn't close
oh my god
that was really close
it was like a delayed reaction
when that plasma started getting up inside of there you know I mean
all the little dots in his face
Woh
He just got stacks every time
so computer
pack
dead
kinda take your panties off
kinda take your panties off
kinda take your panties off
everybody take your panties off
well
till hell
Amazing, dear friends.
That was the world premiere of the Baba Hula
by Reverend Mike Dugans in, I believe, North Carolina.
He's a good artist, too.
And, friends, you also heard a little bit of the KHSU subgenius show
there out of Arcata, the Grassy Knoll Project.
But, you know, the grandpappy of all shows
right here on Grandpappy's Day
when he keels over after seeing his own shadow
is, of course, the puzzling evidence in Dr. Howell's
more than an hour, less than a show, show.
It was a dark and stormy night outside the gates of Paris.
I, being the challenged party,
drew my rusty trustsy pistol.
I fired, he fell.
We rushed to a nearby inn
where I met a tall, dark, and handsome man
who said,
it was a dark and stormy night
outside the gates of Paris.
I, being the challenged party,
drew my rusty trustsy pistol.
I fired, he fell.
We rushed to a nearby cafe
where I met a short, fat, and dumpy woman
who said,
it was a dark and stormy night
outside the gates of Paris.
I didn't even tell him
what he felt.
I fired, he fell.
Who calls Dr. Howell at this hour?
Who rends the air with notes so sour and dares to threaten Dr. Howell's power?
Oh, Babs. Oh, well, all right, you can threaten it, but not anybody else.
Is anybody listening at all?
I've only got eight modules here. That's what's wrong. Where's the ninth module?
Call 348-844-8888.
You can't give this number out on the radio.
Failure to do so may result in prosecution for criminal drug evasion.
Oh, how do they know that? I'd better drop up now.
I mean, that is, I mean, I need to salute the flag. That's what we call it.
Yeah, yeah, I got to go up and salute.
I've to salute the flag as many times as my arm can take it.
Oh, my God, that guy's had too much.
Get him some air.
That's kind of really the bottom line.
Meantime, you may not have anything to lose.
Where's the extra module? I need it. I can't go. I can't move without it.
Give me my module. Give it to me now.
Folks, this program is a module broadcast of an emergency module system.
This had been a real program and not just a module.
You would have heard the actual unrehearsed live,
brought by us from puzzling evidence and Dr. Howell.
As it was, what you heard is an amazing scientific phenomenon called the multi-indexed memory bank,
which mimics, though some scientists still prefer to use the word imitate,
a full-fledged, full-blown subgenius show.
We want numbers.
No rossin' rossin'.
You want color? We got color. You want action? We got action.
You want excitement? We got excitement.
You want, uh, thrills?
Well, we don't exactly have thrills.
You want widescreen, Cinerama, Tardeo, Smell-O-Vision, Sense Around?
Well, we don't have any of those things either.
No, actually, we don't even have any popcorn.
The lobby's out and the projector hasn't been working for years.
You know, the youth gangs have taken over this theater.
It's worth your life to come in here.
You know, you ask them to shut up, they'll drill you with their guns.
It's terrible, isn't it?

The place reeks of stench.
It's overwhelming.
If I could only get out of here, I feel like I've spent my life in this movie theater.
Oh, I'll have one of those.
Let me have a hot buttered rum martini.
And Coke machine isn't working again.
Great! Great, just great.
Oh, come on.
Hold it, lady.
I didn't mean you.
I meant that it's just this theater.
Here, here, here, you can have mine.
Drink mine.
I don't care. I'll give it away.
I really hate the Church of the Subgenius.
Oh, come on.
Give me another chance.
Oh, look, I made a bad impression.
I made the Church of the Subgenius look bad.
Boy, am I embarrassed.
It's my countenance grinsing.
How the heck could you do that, Dr. L?
Well, it just slipped out of me.
I was in a crowded elevator and I, well, I betrayed all of them.
You're making me hot.
Uh-oh.
Well, I didn't realize it would have that effect, ma'am.
Here, I'll just drink my hot buttered rum martini.
He's talking about inside the crowded elevator.
Oh, golly gee.
He's just a script.
This is a happy ending.
Happy New Year's.
You think about this, stuff.
Puzzling.
Yeah!
Oh, better.
Well, if I...
