It's chaotic.
Yowlswag.
I wonder if this works.
I wonder if this works.
Alright, just tell me whenever I'm on. There, is that better? Alright.
Alright, alright. I see the second hand following, following, following.
Alright. Boom, we're on! Good hello, this is Bud Good, and I must inform you that Over the Edge will not be heard tonight.
Over the Edge has donated its time so that we can cover the Subgenius Executive Retreat from, direct from Sulphur Palms, and that's where I am now.
Right near the gate to Sulphur Palms, I see all the subgenius out there,
uh,
waiting to get in, and my co-host tonight will be, puzzling evidence, founder and co-operator of the Subgenius Church.
Hello.
Not the founder, is the founder here tonight?
Yeah, I'm the only one who claims that I was not the founder.
Is, is Mr. Stang here tonight?
Reverend Ivan Stang is here tonight, and so is Philodromon the Overman.
Good.
Bishop Joey of the Church of St. Stephen.
Good, all the executives are present, it seems, and uh, of course the theme for this year is the next hundred years.
What will the next hundred years be?
What will the next hundred years hold for the Church?
That's just what I was gonna ask you, puzzling.
We have to find out from the people that are attending the conference tonight, the super secret conference.
This one night retreat will be devoted entirely to the next hundred years.
Uh,
There'll be food, music, uh, panel discussion, uh, the title of which will be the next hundred years.
Don't, don't miss our awards dinner, the next hundred years awards.
Yeah, this little mimeograph smudge, I can't tell what's coming up next.
Whoa, oh, I see the guard there's opening the gate now.
Uh, let's, let's, uh, let's bring the, let them in, here they come.
Uh, uh.
Looks like Ivan Stagg, and, and there's Bishop Joey.
Bishop Joey, our first executive.
I can't find my, uh, I have my ticket reservation, but I don't, I don't think I have my, uh, the, the code number, but can I get my badge anyway?
Is it okay?
Yeah, here, your laminate.
Are you, laminate.
Let's get it backstage.
Thanks.
Okay.
Do you have to buy the lanyard too?
Are you paying for the lanyard?
This highly technical evening here where we have all of these, oh, there we are, I see, I couldn't see where I was.
My space helmet was all fogged up.
I wonder if I could, I have permission to hand out some flyers for my church.
It's, it's going to be a, perhaps a little bit of a, a, a trying evening, folks.
We have to go through the entire, uh, process of, uh, imbibing the church as you will.
We take it and, uh, drink the whole church.
We go through the business aspect.
Um, I see Ivan Stagg over there on the other side of the field.
Yeah, we're, we're.
I thought they all were trying to get in here.
Where, where are all the subgenius?
There's a new bass player for the band.
The schedules weren't printed out, out there at the, the table in the lobby.
Philo is here.
He's wandering around confused about where to go.
We don't have, we don't have some of their mics up.
We have remote ambience mics located all over Sulphur Poms tonight.
There's Papa Joe Mama over there.
This has got to be the most amateurish.
There's Onyx, which we can tune into and see what's going on, uh, wherever they happen to be.
I think Ivan Stagg doesn't like the little, uh, the little umbrellas in his drink.
Uh, could you tell me where the buffet is?
I'd like to start out with the buffet.
Yeah.
It's behind, it's behind that big tent right there.
Thank you.
Okay.
What kind of a chimpanzee zoo is this?
Like, I can't believe this.
Do I, am I supposed to be running?
It's a business meeting.
Look how it's turning.
Oh, there's Mr. Stagg.
Yeah, they're hidden away over there.
What do you expect?
Subgenius.
Get behind the bridge and figure out where, which little space helmet has a
I'm scared.
vibrator on it.
Oh, look.
There's a little queen of UFOs.
I'd, I'd like to ask.
She's buzzing around the outside of the ship.
They're gonna see us.
I'd like to ask Mr. Stagg a question.
As the founder of the subgenius church.
What?
What?
Which network are you with?
No, he's not the founder.
I'm with UMN.
Oh, yeah, okay.
This is Bud Good.
I'm with UMN, Puzzling Evidence.
Oh, Bud Good, right.
Bud.
Yes.
So, as the founder of the subgenius church.
That's, that's very funny.
After all these years.
Praise Bob.
Trial and tribulation, murder, divorce.
I don't know what's been going on, but, but how do you feel?
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.





What do you, isn't that rather a personal question?
How do I, if I use my fingers, my, my, if I reach out with my senses.
I, I, I let the, the, the sensory world wash over me.
That is how I feel.
In other words.
As a holy man.
In all these years, you've learned nothing.
I put my fingers out.
I touched, nothing is what we strive for, Bud.
I understand.
That was a compliment.
Yes, we're, oh, thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I too have learned nothing.
Whatever, if I said, yeah, did I say that?
Then pick up on it.
Now we're going to move right to the organized part of the show right now.
The, all these subgenius executives are moving into the lodge where they will sit around
a, a long oblong square oval tables place.
It's vacuumed in years.
There's a big hole in the middle.
And they will have the, the next hundred years panel discussion.
The subgenius church, the next hundred years, why?
Why?
Why?
Whence Dobbs and why?
Why?
Whence Dobbs, that's his brother, Wencesla Dobbs, Polish Dobbs.
Good King.
Whence the high pop to whences work at all?
We've already got an eight, four, eight, four, four, three, five.
It might be Michael Pepe who was invited to come with us.
Traipsing through this field that at midnight here.
We're out looking at the moon due between our toes waiting for the business report.
How many subgenius leaders?


executives do we have here tonight? Is it a full quorum? It really is amazing. Onan is here.
Papa Joe Mama is here. Some of these people might not appear on mic though. Dr. Howell is here,
but his microphone is turned all the way down as always. He is not here. Dr. Howell is not here.
He's not? No, he's not. Wait a minute. If that, then... Are we now in the panel discussion?
Who's that guy? He always votes against the majority, so we tricked him out of town for
this weekend. So if it does come to a vote tonight, it should be unanimous. Okay, here's the Howell mask.
Well, I wish you radio listeners could see this Howell-larious reproduction death mask of Dr.
Howell. Too bad we don't have any tapes of him.
To go with that mask... Oh, he'll appear later in the show, I'm sure. There are hours and oodles
and hours of show tonight, folks. Here, puzzling, look, I have my own mic, so actually you can use
this one and somebody else can use that one. I'm a little worried about the next... I have my special
UMN remote mic tonight. As we wander around the grounds, here is Sulphur Palm.
And they are, I see... The Christmas trees are lighting up like a phone. Oh, I don't see anything.
Which one?
It's that guy. Are they going to turn on the lights or what? Is that that guy?
Hello? Hello?
So, typical college radio, uh-huh.
I see what's happening. Sulphur Palm.
Can I be the first caller?
Yes, you can. Go ahead.
Well, I'd like to talk to Gary Gabrogfan. I heard he's going to be on the radio this morning.
Yes, he is.
We're trying to keep his mic down.
Is he cool?
Well, I'm going to sleep. This show is terrible. What time does the band start?
No, he's here. Go ahead. Speak to him.
Yeah, the drums aren't even out of the box yet.
The drums aren't even out of the box yet.
Not you, caller.
But you know who we have? Ivan Stang.
Oh, yes.
The queen of UFOs. Lies.
Hang on, hang on.
I know Drummond. Okay, I'm sorry.
Hello?
Oh, yes. Good hello. I just have one question.
You got one answer?
I want to send you some vinyl that I'm going to be getting, you know, records.
Oh, is this a personal message?
Oh, geez, we have to stop the show because...
We can't really deal with personal messages on the air.
All right.
This is full-time entertainment here.
All right. I'm sorry. Bye-bye.
No, that's okay. What were you going to send me?
Oh, some vinyl, you know, because my grandfather had some, like, records from World War II.
Is there any sound on this vinyl?
Oh, yes.
Oh, good.
Okay, my question was, should I send it to the address on your website?
No. Well, what's that one? I forget.
I don't know. Well, I'll just email somebody, I guess, and I'll get the information.
Just had that prediction about burning it.
Yeah, email me through the website.
I'll tell you where to send it.
Okay.
Have a good one.
Thank you. I appreciate all the...
Yes, that was a disturbing prediction that Dobbs made about Burning Man disappearing by the year 2037.
The church just takes everything and folds it inside themselves.
Now, caller, you're listening and talking to the amazing lowerarchy of the subgenius church
started over two decades ago in the spooky town of Dallas.
That's the executive lowerarchy.
Not to be confused with the real hierarchy, which started in 1953.
Right.
It is confusing. It's a church. It's a religion.
But that was just Dobbs and Alfred Hitchcock and Dennis Hopper and a few other select individuals.
I feel like I'm descending down the rabbit hole of business.
At some point, we really need the...
This is just like a James Bond set.
Where's the drummer?
It is on the shits.
Oh, the drummer's in for those spider-
Well, I can see we're going to have some problems getting to the panel.
I think this is the panel.
People just don't want to be that organized here.
Okay, great.
So it's going to be so much fun.
Oh, yeah, that's really good.
Plus, David Meyer's supposed to be calling in today.
Oh, great.
Because I was really hoping other Doctores would happen, like, Byron Werner's here.
Doctores.
Who are these guys talking about?
I vaguely remember these names from some time in the...
David Meyer, he's a skier that...
Cowboy Dave is here, but he's partying up here.
Famous long ago.
Dinosaurs of slack.
Roar!
Wow.
Digital insert here.
Back in the day, that is day one, the true...
Was that the Permian or the Devonian or the carbonaceous?
Carboniferin.
Or the carbon fiber age.
It was the carbon fiber age.
The carbonated peanut butter got all over the microphone and was not usable for the rest
of the show.
Yes, it...
Either was Hal, so...
And it tickled my nose.
That's your nose?
That's your nose?







Yeah.
Where's the Frock workshop, please?
Somebody gave her coffee.
Hey, I was wondering about that, too.
Where is the Frock workshop?
The Frock workshop.
The Frock workshop.
Oh, now I feel like the...
What was it we were doing was the...
The Frock workshop.
We have to start again.
We have to begin the show now.
The subgenius of the coin store.
Get everybody lined up first.
Ken?
Everybody has to be lined up.
Well, is this those shots again?
That's one of those inspections.
Line them up and shine them up.
When is the horrible theme music coming?
When is the horrible theme music coming?




When do we get to go to Malaysia adoption?
All right.
Who's hosting this panel?
I guess you should be, but...
I think Mr. Stank should host the panel in the next hundred years.
Well, he's certainly the primary easement.
As we gather together to commence this august assemb...
What?
Who's here?
Is he drunk?
That sounds too definite.
Santa, it's not August.
I mean, actually, it's a big question.
The next hundred years...
He is drunk.
It is a huge question.
And we should...
And Santa, it's not August.

And we really need Philodromus, who we need, because he's the business manager, the closest
to giving everybody the business of all the doctors here today.
Actually, Jesus replaced Philo.
Oh, yeah.
No, no.
Philo is not...

Because Jesus is not here, unfortunately.
He's not with us.
He's busy during the season.
Well, yeah.
This is the season of turnover.
Yep.
And he couldn't be with us, which would be great.
But...
So the closest we have to an old-fashioned businessman is...
Philodromus.
Because Philodromus works for the conspiracy.
Yeah.
He always has, always will.
Yep.
Well, you...
He gets a good deal.
Jesus or...
Or...
Jilo.
Jilo.
Yeah.
Make sure you wash off...
Rob.
I've got a Philo like no Philo you've ever seen.
Rob.
Jilo.
Jilo the Torturer.
Give me some sound.
He's the most tortured businessman.
He's gonna replace Bob.
Yeah, everybody's tired of Bob.
We got this new Jilo thing.
Now, the Flash is gonna bounce off that little glass window.
We're gonna make a million bucks off of Jilo.
Flash and me.
He smokes a cigarette instead of a pipe.
Okay, set up for the banjo.
Which guy?
The guy who's gonna make a million bucks off of Jilo.

The Eeyore of the church.
I think everything is...
Jilo Dummond.
Yeah, but what about all these...
Jilo was held in great honor by the tribe.
I don't know.
I don't wanna...
B.M.
Jilo Dummond.
See, we just invented another church.
Looks like Bud Goodster's giving up.
They never say...
Well, that's that for the next 100 years.
It's the only thing that's going on with the cappuccinos, man.
Yep.
Everybody here knows how to say...
Praise Jilo.
Ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho,
ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho,

Now see, you can even trace the evolution of the...
Hoo!
Pfft, ah!
All the way from that basic...
Yes, all the original...
Up to the now rather stylized...
But you know, also it's regional.
There is the California...
Hoo!
Hoo!
Hoo!
And what was the Texas one?
Well, the original...
The original, Drumundian.
Hoo!
Pfft, ah!
Hoo!
very quickly. Well, that's why it was truncated.
Way in the background. You've got to get by a mic there.
Into the politically correct...
Mic that Dr. Drummond.
Yes, mic that whole other room.
How about this mic? Does it work?
But as we've asked for 20 years,
is this church to devolve
into nothing but inside joke
squeals and funny sounds?
I second that.
And for 20 years,
it has done exactly that.
Praise God! Praise Bob!
Praise Jilo!
Oh yeah, that's right, Jilo!
Praise Jilo!
Let's go back to the old church.
Oh, check, check, check.
Back, back, back in time.
Watch those calendar pages all the way.
Laurie's birthday party.
That's an amazing one.
That was a pretty good one.
That was...
That was...
That was...
So we'll talk about that later,
but right now, folks,
it's the business.
Richard's not going to die.
The man can get back to get free.
Dr. Esselteric, are you jumping into this?
All right, boys.
The proceeds from the last Janer tape
amounted to $100 million.
About $15769.
And of course,
with the...
At 12% each,
that means you all get here.
$6, $7, $8.
$9.
Yeah, that's it.
Buck naked.
You're not allowed to say
buck naked in the church no more.
There are all these Texan churches,
but we'll just turn off that sound effect.
If you were right to call number 18,
you've been chosen
from the Christmas tree of callers,
and you now can address the show doctors.
Please ask your question.
848-442-3888.
I'll say it.
I do.
Well, it's one of those Zen questions, apparently.
I've got five hours of...
If you consider yourself a musician,
and...
No, no, no.
I didn't say do your show on our show.
He does that on our show, too.
Oh, he does that on all the shows.
Oh, I have a question.
I got an answer.
Yes, I was wondering,
is it all right if I knock my friend out
with a shovel and bury him in the backyard
like they did in that one Beavis and Butt-Hitch?
Good, hello.
If you mark the grave clearly.
Okay.
Only if you videotape it
and send it to America's Funniest Home Videos.
Because if you don't tape it,
it didn't work.
It didn't happen.
Right, exactly.
And if it...
Not only that,
nowadays, why everybody tapes everything,
if it doesn't appear somehow on TV,
it didn't happen.
Well, I can always play it on the underground TV.
Well, that sort of happens.
But really, you should be asking the question of the doctor.
You have an amazing opportunity here
to go back to the beginning.
I would like to know
what's going to happen in the next hundred years
if there's still going to be LSD available.
Well, there hasn't been any available,
but I don't know if it's ever going to be available again
in the next hundred years.
I'd like to know what's going to happen.
I'd like to know if religion...
Two months.
I'd like to wait two months,
and then the new little...
Well, why don't you just take that acid trip there
and just relax there, buddy.
And then a hundred years from now,
there'll be this skull with just these two metal teeth.
Well, that point is nothing around.
It's around the Middle East.
You talk about Ohio, Pennsylvania, Illinois...
You know, there's nothing to trip about, man.
You know, the world ends, the world ends, you know?
What about that LSD I sold you last night
on Telegraph Avenue?
What about all that LSD we sent to the Middle East last year?
What about all the LSD we just took just an hour ago?
Oh, that LSD!
What?
I was wondering.
That explains a lot.
That explains a hell of a lot.
That was dope, huh?
What?
Hello?
I should have given him the bad acid again.
Are we going to get hit by a meteor?
And he'll hook you up for good.
You should know the one named Half Acid shows.
You're just going to drown in your own natural stupidity.
Don't worry about it.
Good God.
Okay.
They're rocking out already.
Something we'd like to play for you out there.
Radio Land is a little something that kind of goes a little something like this.
A little something.
That's a little something, all right.
Yeah, it's a nice song, though.
You know, really, the past, the present, and the future
is just one big cycle.
I believe.
Is that what you mean?
Right?
Yeah.
Look out, kid.
It's something you did.
God bless you.
Are you guys really entertaining, or is that just the drugs talking?
Does anybody have any idea how loud my new guitar is?
Yeah, you want to show us?
You won't even believe how loud it is.
I thought this was the...
This is the business meeting, and you guys are still tuning up your...
Well, this is actually the next so-called band.
It is.
Business meeting.
It is.
It's the rules of order, man.
Oh, he's doing his business meeting with the description of how far down the church has
gone and how far up it's going to go.
I am not the fan of religion that I'm sure that the religious people would like to hear
on the air.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Yeah.
True church.
Was that Jilo himself that just called in?


Red, blue, yeah.
True church.


True, one true blue church.
Because you notice he didn't use a phone.
I find it to be dangerous, prejudicial, childish, and now I think we need to realize that it's
uncomfortable that it could get you killed.
Jilo was over.
And facing 2009, the church of the subgenius was again left with the burning question,
where does the church go for the next 91 years?
Well, according...
Well, according...
According to the science of psyche history, the Stang plan calls for Jilo to be retired
fairly soon, within the next five or ten minutes.
And then we have to move on to the next deity, the merchant prince, who is apparently some
kind of pop star.
Let's trade the church for a winning lottery ticket.
You said Jilo.
No, Jilo.
Oh, Jilo.
Jilo.
Oh, okay.
Okay.








All right.

Or something like that.
Okay.
It was according to the...
It's based on Michael Pepe.
Do you ever notice how Sulphur Lake sounds just like a mist game?
Yeah, only it really stinks.
Yeah.
And when are they going to change the land and make my room...
And they built a little town.
Well, it's a stinky mist.
RJ came from there.
Well, then why did we decide to hold this business conference here?
I thought we were supposed to.
Yeah.
It smells horrible.
It smells horrible.
It's really okay.
Look.
Look.
Let's everybody get some hot butter rum martinis and just relax.
Let's sit in the seats there.
Yeah.
Just concentrate on the matter at hand.
Just concentrate on the matter at hand.

Right over there.
This is great.
Look what I got.
Dinosaur legs.
Got five cereals.
They'll eject any of them at any time.
What were you saying, Dr. Evidence?
I said I got some fried dinosaur legs over there.
Hard as rock.
Five?
Sure.
For a dollar.
Five kinds of dinosaurs.
You know, by the year 3003, you'll all be eating frozen dinosaur legs.
It looks like Clive is standing and speaking in the main hall.
Something's happening in here.
It's like explosions are...
You'll all be eating cloned frozen mammoth burgers by the year...
What was that year?
We need to get the plumber up here.
Get the building guy back here.
This thing isn't working right.
It's making all kinds of noise.
Hey, so Philo, are we going to get to any business?
I mean, are you going to give us a business?
Well, yeah, but we're waiting for everybody to get here.
No, you're waiting for the script to get here.
Oh, for God's sake.
Everybody's here.
We'll wait forever for that.
I've been waiting for over 20 years for that.
You got a script in here yet.
At least I don't have my part yet.
Everybody's here.
They're all seated.
My head went rubber for that.
That's what my script says.
Okay, do we have an invocation here?
Yes, Jim.
Yes, could we open with a prayer?
What is that noise?
That's some wambling.
Sacred noise of some kind.
All right, the panel is about to begin.
Look, the place is filled.
I couldn't believe all these people are here to hear us.
And now, the prayer.
Now I lay me down to sleep.
Good frop, good meat, good God, let's eat.
Have at it, boys.
Okay.
Go ahead.
Are we ready?
Cut open the sacrificial whatever that thing is.
The sacrificial piece.
The sacrificial sucker.
Let's move on into the dining room.
Hey, what do you think of this thing so far?
It's really, I can't believe all those guys are here.
It's really, you know.
It is pretty amazing.
That's what I'm saying.
It's great.
4-8-4-2-3-5 to see all of these amazing doctors in their amazing normal state here naked on the air.
Well, I thought that was the press.
All those guys with the cameras.
Those are the other doctors?
No, those are the waiters and the chefs.
They just, they press hard.
The new doctors.
I don't know who any of these guys are.
They're the waiters.
I guess I've been holed up in that.
If you don't, we're in trouble.
I've been holed up in that ivory tower in Dobbs Town for so long.
I don't know who any of these people are.

Yeah.
All living beings.
This thing's a test.
Is it butter?
Can I have a collar?
Can you pass the gravy?
Thanks.
Hey, does Acid Burnout Man ever call this show?
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.



He's my shadow a lot.
I can hear the doctors.
Some of the doctors are in there skinning their cats.
Is that what they call it?
That's what your kids call it now.
They're skinning the cats.
They're taking the bones out of them now.
It's a really horrible, horrible thing, but that's the only way they can get their instruments
tuned.
All living beings must eat.
Well, it's not for food.
They don't even eat them.
They just use the cat gut to tune their instruments with.
Oh look, Philo's giving a speech.
Captives birds to tune their instruments, but...
What about the next hundred years? What's going to happen?
I'm just concerned about this. Where do I get the coffee in the next five minutes?
Where are the hookers? They were supposed to be at this convention.
We got the coffee.
What kind of way... I need a different room.
The hookers are down by the swimming pool.
I'm going to head down to the swimming pool myself.
General Hooker of the Union Army.
I'm going to be taking my bathing suit, heading down to the swimming pool.
I've got General Hooker's skull here. Hello, is that G. Gordon Gordon?
I'm going to take the skull down there with me.
It's David Meyer, actually.
I thought this was the Church of the Subgenius.
No, no, it's not.
The Church of the Subgenius.
How did you get in here? Do you have your pass?
No, no, no. This is the Church of the Subgenius.
That's a duh genius. That's a trademark.
Do you have a pass? How did you get in here?
Do you want to hear about the subgenius?
You're not wearing your pass.
You can ask any question about the subgenius and learn amazing things secretly.
Especially about the next hundred years.
Yeah.
What do you want to know about the next hundred years?
I know about slugs.
Slugs?
Okay, what will slugs be like in the next hundred years to the Church of the Subgenius members?
Just the same as they are today.
Oh, that's okay.
That's the good thing about slugs.
They just basically never change.
But what of progress? What of evolution?
Something you can count on.
What of forward striving?
Well, the slugs thumb their noses.
What of slack?
Can we not learn of slack from the slugs?
If a slug had a nose and a thumb, they would thumb their noses at the very thought of evolutionary progress.
I'll bet none of you have ever seen slugs screwing.
Yeah, but you know what?
Don't bet. It's bad for you.
You've been using drugs.
It can lead to addiction.
Well, a long time ago.
No, and the effects are still with you now.
You must have used that frock stuff that never wears off.
I'm sorry, you're having a flashback right now.
Would you please get off the ceiling?
Get off the ceiling.
Just take a deep breath.
You know what? The other thing is you could be...
That's what slugs do.
Yeah, when the slugs are having intercourse with each other, it's really something that is very amazing.
Just watch that one part in Microcosmos, you know?
Just watch that one over and over and over again.
Slugs are hermaphroditic.
Isn't that correct?
I mean, some of them.
At least the last one that I was with was.
Did you chew its penis off, Dr. Drummond, in order to change its sex before you used it?
Well, I didn't actually have to chew it.
I used a surgical instrument that I keep in my back pocket just for that purpose,
along the side of the ketchup bottle I keep back there as well.
The ketchup bottle and the slug castrator?
The ketchup bottle is for special effects, right?
The ketchup bottle, the slug castrator, and my pocket knife.
What is the identical out? It's a combination.
It's a combination.
It comes from the male and then goes back to traction and then becomes female because they do it with their antennas.
They do it with their antennas. They pull their antennae in and they're a female.
They push it out and they're a male.
I wish I could do that.
And when they're done, they stab each other with their lung daggers.
Maybe find that for a friendly bird.
Man, now that's advanced. That's the way it should be.
You know, they've been doing it right for thousands and thousands of years.
Can I pass the peas, please? Thank you.
Wait a minute. Haven't you read my research paper in slug?
Chicken tastes like rubber.
Who's catering?
Did you say slug nanotechnology?
I thought the quote was, this rubber tastes like chicken all in a minute.
Yes, yes, it's rubber nanotechnology. Now that's what I'm talking about.
Yeah.
Well, bubbles.
Is that like the same as the bubble tech?
That's so I can have some cereal at 3 AM like I'm home.
Or is it, yeah, is it, is this cereal technology?
No, it's analog.
Analog, okay.
You cut it in a log.
It's analog. Okay, you put it in the log and then you squeeze the log real hard and it comes out in the back.
Oh, look, milk gets the slugs in my mouth.
Oh, slugs do merge.

So slugs do merge slowly into the highway lanes and it always wrecks.
So aren't we getting ready for some kind of dinner or something we're supposed to go to here?
I'm getting hungry.
You, Philo.
It's happening.
Oh, it's happening right now.
Yeah, everybody's eating and talking right now.
Okay, where's my, where's my food? Where's my dinner? I want my dinner.
It's coming. We're a little short on help tonight.
I'm waiting for my sandwich.
Your free sandwich for being on the show?
I'm waiting for my hooker.
What about the business report?
Oh, the business report.
Investments, you know.
Oh, yeah, investments. Yeah, we made some investments.
We made some good ones. We made some bad ones.
We made some ones that were good in the long haul but short in the short haul.
My new slug hooker technique.
The good thing about our business investments is that they continue on and we use a special secret technique that we derived from a little atom that we got out of Bob's brain years and years ago.
We put it inside of a, of a slug.
It's a little triangle along with these crystal pyramids.
This crystal pyramid.
And that does two things for us.
It predicts the future infallibly and it helps us determine what our next week's menu will be.
Well, it makes the banana peel stronger.
It makes the banana come off of the banana peel faster.
And it makes the razor blade sharper.
Sharper, but only while you're cutting.
And yet smoother.
Smoother and softer.
For the smooth, the softest, smoothest shave you could expect.
Ah.
For any slug.
A slug shave.
Crawling across your face.
A long, a straight razor.
Leaving the trailing, leaving the little droppings behind.
The sludge trail.
Well, it sounds like we're in a storm.
Is the prayer over?
I sure hope we did well.
Did we put a roof on this thing?
I think the fair...
Is the prayer over?
I predict that the entertainment personalities...
Okay, amen.
...personalities of the future will be entertainment personalities and nothing else.
Sergeant Vredes, what were you just saying about the...
The future, if you want a picture of the next...
When someone pays admission to hear a singer or a comedian...
But, really...
What about the...
The radio isn't about pictures.
It's about images.
Wow, where'd you learn that, New York?
Yeah, I went to school for a lot of, you know, borrowed money, all that, and that's all I came out with.
So it wasn't pictures all along, it was images.
That explains everything.
That's where we went wrong.
You mean JPEG?
I always thought it was...
You mean JPEG?
...graphic portrayals of...
...of...
...of auditory devices.
I promise to do better.
Let's get back to the next hundred years.
Graven images.
Graven images.
That's all it is.
Makes...
Let's get this next hundred years out on the table right now.
Let's kind of roll it around and look at it and let's see if it's what we really want to do.
It will not tolerate protest messages.
Let's autopsy this hundred year plan and see what gas rises out of it.
Oh, man, that's dangerous.
I've had some bad luck with gas recently, and so I won't go there right now, but...
...the laws of karma.
If you...
Yeah, if something...
If you...
If you have a bad smell later, then...
The next hundred years is...
Don't look at me.
...a prairie squid crawling along a straight razor forever.
No, a straight edge.
Just the straight edge.
Yeah.
Okay, cue music.
No, we don't care.
Razor, blade, anything sharp.
It's got to be sharp.
It's got to be sharp.
It's got to have a slug on it.
And it's got to be in the future.
And, you know, with the snorting and the pig technology of the future.
There's no fit but what we make for a sound.
All right.
So where's that one guy who's got that...
Right.
...that one thing that's supposed to make this show the best show?
Outside.
Outside.
He's outside.
Oh, he has the slack, and that is what we needed.
We haven't let him...
He didn't show up again.
I figured something was missing.
Where is he?
Where is that guy?
Where is that pipe guy?
Where is that pipe guy?

Where is that Bob Dobbs?
I think...
Where is that pipe guy?
...I disagree with Chairman Bob...
Where are those X-men?
...there he'll be with the chairman, Bob...
Once again, we are X-ist-less.
...the relationship...
This X-ist-lessness-ness, we once again get to stay upon the earth.
It's chaotic.
It's chaotic.
Thanks to the non-rival of Bob's business partners, the men from Planet X.
I don't want to be with the chairman, Bob.







I don't want to do the Reverend σε scarcity and extravagance.
I think it would be bye-bye rock ticket and toast.

I can't do it.

Anyways, it's dog food.
Spon quieren tirola solo una neue Orthodoxy?
Could be.
CarnavalWeb.alem prata plaza, dig steps, sigalo.
Nighty-night sky.
heel aircloud, heavy MTV-realmentebürsythia,
sport calledawaniderior場olan.utiaxomo porta,
lagos。

How many more times?
Yeah, we're going to start again.
We're going to start the show again.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
That's right.
The show.
Oh, man.
Where are we?
What town is this?
Okay.
Is this Los Angeles?
No, we're in the Bay Area.
Oh.
Oh.
Okay.
When does the show start?
Right.
Right.
Oh, should I start the tape?
I don't really need them, but you never know when you can use them.
Okay.
Now the tense, scary part of the show starts.
This is where the scary part starts.
Yep.
For a hundred years.
I'm going to get ready.
For the next hundred years.
To not be scared.
I hear that spooky.
Now, what is this?
The business report?
This is the business report.
Or is it the end of the prayer?
We finished.
We finished the prayer.
We did.
Okay.
The prayer is over now.
I did not hear an amen, but I will take your word for that.
Okay.
Well, we don't say amen in this church.
Oh, I get you.
So it's sort of like you were waiting for your cue.
It never came.
Yeah.
You didn't know.
Yeah.
That, heck, we've already been.
We've been into the second part for like ten minutes now.
Yeah.
Yeah, I know.
It's pretty amazing.
I knew that.
I knew that.
Well, I knew you knew that.
Yeah.
Intuitively, you knew it.
Yeah.
But you didn't really have it connected in the same sequence yet.
Amen.
Well, we usually say, huh?
Huh?

Huh?
At the end?
Yeah, that's it.
I didn't hear that either.
We usually say, what do we usually say?

Uh-huh.
We say, huh.
Okay.
Now, you said that, right?
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Amen.
All right.
Let's get right.
Let's move right on into the business report.
Okay.
Well, we're going to give.
Or did you give that?
All right.
Well, I'm going to give the business report now.
Well, what was next?
It's good news and bad news.
Well, I'm glad all of you folks could come together tonight to hear this great business
report that we have that's going to talk about the next 100 years and what's in it in the
church.
And I hope that you don't hold any of those allegations of abuse and corporate fraud that
we have.
They've been leveled.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
But really, it's all false.
When the truth comes out, it's just there's nothing there.
I mean, it's just the emperor has no clothes.
Our enemies will stop at nothing to blacken Bob's name.
Our enemies do that.
They've done that.
They've done that for years.
They've gotten into our books.
They've changed our ledgers.
They've actually recorded things that didn't exist.
And when the IRS came in, we didn't have any choice but just to deny it.
We weren't there and we did not do that.
We didn't.
We didn't.
We really didn't.
By the sacred doctrine of erasability, I swear.
Or any other woman.
But in particular, the allegations of abuse of the state and the people that go into it.
I mean, it's just.
It's not true.
It's just not true.
You don't need to go into that much detail, Dr.
Drummond.
So I say whatever your expenses are down for Homeland Security are the we've funded our we've given our share to the funding of the Homeland Security for that.
We want one of those those Star Wars satellites to hover over our headquarters building.
We think it's important that it be close to us so that when the bombs.
The missiles start coming.
We will have our own private Star Wars defense shield.
I spent.
I know.
I know.
Those are very dependable.
We had a sacrifice.
Well, you know, it's we figured three out of three out of ten is better than none out of ten.
Yeah.
They work as well as computers.
And besides, it's the government that's paying for it.
We don't have to pay for it.
It's the government that's paying for it.
We don't have to pay for it.

I thought that invisible hand guy.
We're going to tax the land this time.
We're not going to tax people anymore.
We're going to tax the land.
And once the land pays up their taxes, the people will be really happy.
Oh, he tried this 100 years ago and it only got us this far.
Well, we have to go.
We can only go 100 years at a time.
That was the last hundred years.
It's the smallest.
Please.
We could afford.
Stay focused.
And now maybe for the next hundred years, we might break the record.

We could break it up into like 50 year units.
You know, like two big two and a quarter 50 year units.
A 50 year plan instead of a hundred year plan.
That's radical.
Well, you know, the change.
You're moving too fast.
The pace of change has gotten to be such that we can't we can no longer rely on the far that the outer reaches of our hundred year plan.
We've got to we've got to have a more tactical approach to things.
We have to know what's going to happen, like, say, 20 minutes from now.
It doesn't help us to know what's going to happen 20 years from now.
Right now.
I mean, we've got to know, like, should I should I put my hand in my pocket and should I, you know, resist the urge to to urinate on Dr. Drummond?
Dr. Drummond Dobbs gave us a rule book of life.
But it's not a hard and fast thing that dictates every whether you should put your hand in your pocket every five minutes.
What?
This plan was made for you.
What?
Something somebody there's some another another feed that's feeding in here.
So it says outside the game.
Some guy is playing symbols.
It's a Hare Krishna guy over there.
And I think what are we selling?
We didn't.
We weren't other cults.
Well, actually, we weren't allowing any other cults in here.
This is an exclusive cult.
We are.
We're completely we only want members, our members in here, the people that paid to be here.
We can't have these freeloaders.
You know, freeloading off our cult.
You know, this is a cult of the people, a cult for the people and by the people.
Well, the rich.
We've got a well, the richest of the poor people and the poorest of the rich people are all together here in one cult.
One beginning to sort of why we let Dr. Drummond control the business end of things.
Yeah, it's an amalgam, amalgam, a deposit.
It's a complete deposit.
He learned that at Bob.
Bob talked drum and everything he knows.
Piled up in big piles.
And, you know, the graphics, the graphics behind that will go into the the the median expenditures.
And on on the side there, we can see how if we track this particular extrapolate that out to its ultimate nth degree.
You know, then you can see that we're going to make about 15 cents off of every third unit on the 12th of each month.
And the deposit.
Oh.
And then they're going to be rolling in.
Now we have the bolt cutters.
The bolt cutters are here.
Completely, completely opposite of all this.
Cut, cut, cut.
Hey, don't.
Hey, put those bolt cutters down.
No, I need the bolt cutters.
Put those bolt cutters down.
I need the bolt cutters.
No, you can't have them.
Those are my bolt cutters.
I need the bolt cutters now.
Hey, guard, would you take this gentleman out of here, please?
And take his harmonica with him, please?
Yeah, that's horrible.
Don't don't let the guard play the harmonica now.
What about all these other guys?





All these allegations about corruption.
Corruption.
Well, you know, people have talked about how bad we are for years, but few people talk
about how good we are.
I mean, that's the one thing that we take a lot of heat for being like the world's worst
cult, the world's most hated cult.
Stingiest cult.
Corruption was built.
The world's most corrupt cult.
But people don't talk about how really good we are, you know, how great we are and the
greatness of the.
Well, and the purity of the corruption.
You see.
You start out from a base of absolute and total corruption.
You can't be bought out.
Well, that's true.
I mean, we're starting with the lowest common denominator and we can only go up from here,
folks.
So, I mean, it's going to it's like smooth sailing for the next six or eight years.
Then at the eight year point, we're going to meet a slight blip in this as this chart
will illustrate.
That will be our first.
See that blip there?
But it goes.
We're going to hammer it down with this big hammer here.
And then smooth things out.
We're going to extrapolate the linear regression over this way.
See over there?
Oh, it's smoothing.
Yeah, it's smoothing.
That's a great.
We're using a smoothing formula there.
That computer simulation is gorgeous.
You can see all the sharp edges are now dull.
How much of the church's budget did we spend on that computerized pie graph, that animated
pie graph, Dr. Drummond?
Well, I'm sure it'll all come out.

And the bill in the billing at the end when we get the bill from this wonderful resort
here that we're staying at.
Yeah, well, I was a little concerned.
What is this?
Maybe the business meeting is costing more than the company's profits this particular
year.
We're just going to, you know, we're going to take it out of the we'll take it out.
Well, Bob will provide.
That's the thing we have to remember here, you know, and that we will survive and we
don't want to lose it.
We don't have to worry about costs overrunning our wonderful, wonderful revenue streams
because, you know, we've got the flow now.
We've got the the the actual the momentum.
Dr. Drummond, those are pretty fuzzy figures that you're projecting up on the screen there.
Those aren't even numbers.
Those are some kind of alien alphabet.
What are we supposed to?
Well, you can read it.
If you can't read it, then you didn't study your materials before the the the the the

meeting here.
I mean, we had those materials that you were supposed to read and memorize.
Those tapes you were supposed to listen to and be able to regurgitate.
Dr. Drummond's taken all the money and he's squandered it.
All right.
Well, we bought tapes.
We had to buy tapes.
We needed new tape decks.
We needed our eight track machine had broken down.
We had our beta machines broken down.
Mr. Drummond, we're talking about three or four billion dollars here.
Yeah, what are these these vaults full of receipts from this?
Billion here, a billion there.
I mean, to us, it's all just money.
The Korean massage parlor.
And that's the important thing to remember.
That if you're going to buy a tape, you're going to have to buy a tape.
It's all about money.
And when we keep the money flowing.
Pink pussycat club.
What are these?
What are these vaults full of receipts?
These are investments we had to make.
We go in to test the test, the culture, test the air, test the we're doing personality
bypass transplant treatments in those places.
And we even in Enron, we had to go to Enron and do some investigatory work long before
the the the the government auditors got in there.
Take that out.
I don't know.
He's he's trying to do it.
I'm not doing don't look over here.
There's no pay no attention to the to the hand behind the the clothes there.
It's like a giant invisible hand.
Some people might call it a cloth.
Other people call it a cloth.
But to us it's just a shroud.
And we put the shroud on and wear it when we need to.
Invisible hand.
So I take it that there is no embarrassment among the subgenius that they all arrived
in limousines here at Sulphur Palms tonight.
No.
Well, you don't want a stupid preacher.
What about that limousine you wrote in then?
As the great brother Gene Scott said.
Uh huh.
You know, when when when a person turns on their television and sees their preacher,
he wants to see him in a limousine with these lovely choir girls on either arm.
Beautiful Armani, a $600 Armani suit.
Right.
He don't want a stupid preacher.
All the other preachers do this.
Uh huh.
Amen.
And and we're uh huh.
Uh huh.
Uh huh.
Uh huh.
We're not doing anything different from from what any other religious leaders do.
Uh huh.
Uh huh.
And in fact, when when when we had we suffered those arrests for methamphetamine manufacture,
that's a that's a that's that's the kind of thing that we get a special award for.
In fact, we have a several boxes of awards for the various doctors here tonight.
And don't forget, without those Hummer limos, you couldn't have got here because there's
no roads to Sulphur Palms.
And I've just got an important message I have to take.
Sulphur Palm reference staying.
Would you like to finish or take over this business meeting at this point?
I have to go out.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Take up where he left off.
There's a special corruption tool I have to get.
I'll I'm sorry for this interruption, but I'll be back shortly.
Yeah, he was dealing with the corruption and the embezzlement at the top in the church.
Well, you'll notice under hassles and hang ups.
Uh, try problems really.

The number of Motorists who were unloaded today says they were intensified crowding
at a site in city

The Silicon Valley, we go to road crossings a lot we go.
Iي' go try.
We got a私ичonya in
45 minutes idiot.
Apply System貥 Fire . . . . . Online Air Force Service. . . . . сочесных adher belongings . . . Elect 발라 prede github software . . . 2005.com festival budget special www.ut buffet. cloud.com http://~!youtu domoorlamping私ичonya.net YOGAWATCHUăR LAS Miylanova spooky kaniyat
Organic viruses both, in every case, the sexually and DSL transmitted diseases.
The fast food outreach has apparently completely bottomed out.
The burger god concept.
I predict entertainment will be entertainment.
Entertainment, boy.
That was an understatement.
That has got to be the understatement of the year, what Dr. Criswell just said.
That entertainment would be entertainment.
I never thought I'd live to see the day.
And you haven't.
Depression or blue moods are up.
And the manic phases are down.
I've got a question.
Oddly enough.
I've got a question.
Pardon me?
Dr. Stang?
Yes, Senator.
Yes.
The little...
The little girl in the front row.
Yeah.
When your local church leaders are subject to accusations,
what is your stance on how to handle that within your organization?
When the collection plate comes around,
double what you were going to put in otherwise, my friend.
Good idea.
There you go.
That collection plate is the bottom.
That is what this business...
You know, when it comes down to it, we can talk about our product placement and producing these movies that battle torn earth and so forth.
But when it comes down to it, it's the collection plate passed from hand to hand or from paw to paw, as it may, from hoof to hoof among the believers.
And that will stick.
That should show we've Всем tonight.

Let's fix up those problems that you have.
Belief is the coin of the realm, in this realm.
What about the emotions of...?
Get along, little bobbies.
What about the personalities and the emotions affected and involved in such incidences?
Well, those are being stored in the finest blue canisters in the Dobbstown basement, as always.
So, you would disagree with the...
Catholic stance that people are expendable? People, yeah, people, sure, but this,
people, yeah, sure, people, sure, but. Expendable? Yeah. People, yeah, people, sure, yeah, people,
yeah. Expendable people? People, yeah. Expendable emotions? Well, like we say, the coin of the realm
is belief. Expend your belief all over the floor, all over the office trash can. Just spend it,
baby. Just let loose. Let her, let her rip. Bob don't care. Bob loves you anyway. Bob loves you.
You are on the right track. Getting warmer. Hello, Pastor Dick? Is he there today, tonight?
No, no, Pastor Dick is not here.
This is the subgenius executive retreat.
Oh, no, heavens no, that's a completely different denomination.
Oh, okay, my mind's all mixed up. Amen.
All right, have a good show.
Well, there's another dissatisfied listener.
Oh, praise Bob. We're mowing him down, but properly.
This is the subgenius executive retreat direct from Sulphur Palms.
California.
Ah, yes, yes, yes, and a historic weekend it was at Silver Pond there.
Thanks to Don Joyce, Bud Good, Puzzling Evidence,
uh, Du Gwellman, Dr. Philo Drummond, and KPFA in Berkeley, California.
The studios allowed that, and there are four more hours of that.
The Over the Edge show merged with the show that's more than an hour less than a show.
In fact, altogether it was five hours of show, and now being strewn about the hour of slack.
And friends, you know, the San Francisco subgenius show,
or Puzzling Evidence show, uh, has been on every week on KPFA since June 1983.
Uh, when I went out there to work on the book of the subgenius with Palmer, Vreedes, and Puzzling Evidence,
and we were guests on Bob Nelson's show, but the subgeniuses never went away.
Um, and this subgenius executive...
The executive retreat at Silver Palms was, you might say, the 20-year reunion of the old-timey doctors.
Uh, Dr. Philo Drummond, uh, whose band, uh, Swingin' Love Corpses, is heard in the background here,
Lies, uh, Gary Gabroke, Fran, Puzzling Evidence, uh, and, um, and also Michael Pepe,
and Ed Holmes, all there.
Sorry that Dr. Howling Glass Madness couldn't be there, and Jay Kinney.
But anyway, here's a tape of...
Gary Gang of Wacky Zenos down at the gazebo from before the show in 1983,
when it was just a band that dare not speak its name,
working on the book of the subgenius.
The book? You wanna know about the book?
The book was a flop!
The book?
No!
Nobody bought that book!
It just sat there!
And when they did buy it, they tried to get their money back!
A terminal disaster!
Nobody made a single penny!
What'd he say?
The book!
Ah!
Ah!
The book!
The book was a flop!
What's he talking about?
The book?
What about the song?
The book was a flop!
The book was a flop!
It made the church stop!
The book.
Oh, the loud song, yeah!
Yeah.
1,000 copies and close to the trash.
30,000 copies and no one got cash.
Warehouse.
A warehouse full of books.
Yeah, but there's a warehouse full of books.
A warehouse full of unwanted books.
The book.
The book was a flop.
Made the song stop.
It made the song stop!
Well, maybe not.
It was just a flop.





Yes, even the book couldn't make the song stop.
Yeah, well...
It sure made the church stop.
It made the distributor stop.
It made the church stop.
It made the post office and the Secret Service stop, but...
It couldn't make the song stop.
The song slowed it down, messed it up a little.
The band that dare not speak its name...
From...
The old, ancient, 1983 subgenius tape.
Bad Doctors.
Oh, bad, bad, bad.
And there's so much more bad...
To be had at...
www.subgenius.com
That website will tell you about...
That website will tell you about...
The Living Church.
The Living Church.
If it's money you want...
We'll send that to Post Office Box...
8-9-1-1.
50-28-07.
Glenrose, TX.
76043.
76043.

I just got back from a trip to...
to visit the beautiful...
new Austin facilities,
which are run by Jesus...
and his wife,
his beautiful wife,
Mary Magdalene.
It was so great to see...
that busy operation down there.
And, friends, if you have tapes...
you want...
us to hear,
in subgenius land or CDs or whatever,
send them to me,
yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang,
at Box 807, Glen Rose, Texas, 76043.
And I do have a cold, if you were wondering.
It's a subgenius virus.
I got it from my computer.
Hey, friends, happy new last year.
That's when I'm doing this show.
So, and praise Bob.
Oh, and now more of this.
This broadcast is silly, tape-delayed stuff.
I've been in the women's shoe business since 1875.
In all those years of servicing customers,
I found your feet.
Unfortunately, we want to service you.
That's very good.
It's now out of control.
We have a school bus.
The trap is completely out of control.
Out of control.
And we have nothing.
They're beginning to run into one another and over one another.
How much Librax are you taking?
67.
I was wondering because it seems to me like some animals are after me and...
Can you look at that?
Oh.
I think you have to tell your doctors I'm a psychiatrist.
It's likely that's why you're having the nightmares.
And that's when the German Shepherd tripped over the curb.
Every year, thousands of letter carriers are attacked by dogs.
It's like that.
Public service dogs.
I want a mechanical man.
No, the...
Oh, uh, mechanical man?
That's it.
Yes.
Thank you.
I'm sorry, but you can't hear anymore.
I must see what this is.
What's that?
That doesn't make any sense to me whatsoever.
