And welcome, dear friends, to the Hour of Slack!
Praise Bob!
For the next hour, sit quietly and we will control all that you see and hear.
Turn on the machine.
This is Radio Yerevan.
Wake up, puppet boy!
We are conscious of our responsibility and obligation to provide programs which will be enjoyable, entertaining, and tasteful.
There is absolutely no other possibility.
Copyright 1986 by the Subgenius Foundation and the participants.
You are about to participate in a great adventure.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to...
The Subgenius Hour of Slack!
The practice of hallucinatory drugs was big back in then and they were hearing these messages that the Beatles were placing backwards.
Bob, I'm so...
We smell Bob.
A silver light.
Well, friends, I'm married. I'm not a virgin anymore since the last show.
But enough of the future, friends.
There's a pics of the wedding and so forth on SubSight as there are logs of these shows.
But tonight we're going into the past.
I'm playing a rerun of Ancient Hour of Slack show number 50.
51.
The beloved anti-drug special.
Part 1, take 1.
And next week we'll be following that with the pro-frog special.
And these shows, friends, are truly old.
These are from 1986.
Only the names of the presidents have been changed and yet nothing has changed, friends.
Except that back then we said man instead of...
Dude.
But in this ancient show, friends, we'll be hearing from puzzling evidence.
Reverend Bleepo Abernathy.
Doctors for Bob.
Buck Naked.
The Rainmakers.
D.K. Jones.
Dick Gregory.
Steppenwolf.
Nina Hagen.
The Firesign Theater.
Art Linkletter.
Alice Cooper.
Reverend Mark Mothersbaugh.
St. Palmer Vreedies.
Frank Zappa.
And...
Oh.
Friends.
Oh, the last poets.
Alan Watts.
Dr. Philo Drummond.
And beautiful collages by...
Hell Pope Huey.
Byron Werner.
And yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang.
So let's go back, back, back in time to that anti-drug special.
This one's for Dr. X.
May he rest in peace.
Now you're saying...
Now, now, now.
Reverend Stang, what is this?
The subgenius anti-drug special?
What is it?
The church of the subgenius joining with the conspiracy on its big fad of anti-drug mega-hype
and holier-than-thou witch-burning?
And I answer nay-nay.
This is the anti-mega-hype we're hyping.
Not that we've ever condoned drug addiction.
Of course not, friends.
This is a church.
The only drug you need is Bob, my friend.
Bob will get you high and keep you there.
No, we're just anti-certain drugs, just like the conspiracy is.
They only hate the drugs that they're not on.
Death to pushers.
That's what Ronald and Nancy, if that really is her name, Reagan, say.
Death to pushers.
Oh, yeah.
And yet, dear friends,
they continue to use the United States government to support the tobacco industry
and the alcohol industry.
Oh, oh, but we're only against drugs, they say.
There's nothing wrong with being able to have a little drinky-winky now and then, is there?
And one cigarette never killed anybody,
unless it's lit right next to a leaky tank full of church air.
That's what Ronald Reagan said.
Oh, death to marijuana pushers.
But subsidize the tobacco industry and the liquor industry.
Oh, friends, you know, lips that have touched the bottle will never touch mine.
Though I do partake occasionally of the holy frop admixture prescribed by my personal physician,
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
But like Bob himself said,
I frop that others may live.
And, friends, frop ain't one of those conspiracy street drugs.
Uh-uh, but we'll be talking about frop later, maybe even next week.
I know, I know y'all want to know what frop really is and how to get you some,
but we're just going to have to listen.
You're going to have to listen real, real close in stereo headphones tonight, friends,
if you even want to gain but an inkling.
Drugs have become an escape for a nation of ignored youth.
Many parents too busy to stop, listen, and love.
.
.
Bob said I'm going to give you drugs.
Bob said I'm going to give you pills.
.
.

a false flag of the conspiracy.
He's a son of
water. He's a
god that sat down.
He's a
pyrocladulator.
And three-year-olds can't
read.
Hi there, Mrs. Garvin.
Okay.
And so she had found the answer to her affection
by herself.
Okay. Bye.
Here comes Mrs. Darvon again
in her nice soft dress.
Hi, Mr. Valium.
Hi. Well,
today we're going to make sure that everybody
feels okay.
That's right.
Yes. They're eating Kool-Aid and pills.
Yeah.
Miss Valium.
Well, I'm sad
today.
Yeah.
in the day and pills in the
night. Yeah, pills.
Pills.
Talking about pills.
Pills.
Pills for the
bad and pills for the
good. Pills for the
young and misunderstood.
Pills.
Talking about pills.
Pills.
Pills in my
hamper. Pills in my
sick.
Pills in the woods and pills on the rocks, yeah, pills.
Pills.
Talking about pills now.
Pills.
Pills are the only things to do.
Pills are better friends than you, yeah, pills.
Pills.
Talking about pills now.
Pills.
My friends, the pills.
Oh, just give me some of them pills.
Oh, give me those pills, Bob.
Can we have some pills over here, please?
Here, have some pills.
I don't think you should be taking all those pills in the morning.
Can I have some pills, please, from my heart?
More pills.
And that's just the sort of thing I was talking about.
Exactly, gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen.
Hello to you in Dallas, Texas.
This is the secret Reverend Bleepo Abernathy speaking to you over the airwaves of your local radio station there,
courtesy of...
Stang and the Reverend Bucknaked, for which I am glad to present this opportunity to myself to speak at this time.
First of all, I want to say that none of the pills are ever good enough, as you all know.
And as you're out there, you know, you cannot feel anything without some sort of pill.
Now, that pill could be, of course, you know, your average, you know, vitamin or dexatrim or something like that.
Or it can be Jesus.
It's any kind of pill that you mention at all.
We don't want to get too specific here.
But let's just face it, friends, you're all looking for a pill.
And I don't know.
I don't know.
And we're not talking a quart of pills.
We're talking a bucket of pills.
Which is sometimes...
Some people relate to half an old-fashioned bathtub full of pills.
Like, sometimes, I don't know how much quarts of pills go for in Dallas right now.
But I think in New York, you can get about a half a handful of pills for what, like a pint of pills might cost you in Austin.
Or...
Chicago.
But we're in Dallas now, so we're talking quarts of pills.
But this is just...
Heleopters full of pills.
These are all legal.
They're not drugs.
These are herbs.
They've been smuggled in by Tibetan llamas, which have been working for Bob for centuries.
I heard they put them on the bellies of sea turtles at one point.
They'd fit them in the Atlantic.
They put them on...
A seven-year voyage together.
They put them on your tongue.
They put them on...
They might put them on...
Funguses that you're...
They put them in your nose.
You can put them in your shoes.
And Bob makes the best pills ever.
He never was made.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Get pills!
Yeah!
Get them...
Get them pills!
Get them pills!
And you feel...
You feel wise.
Your heart feels wise.
You're buying.
And you know that you're the only one, and the rest of them are wrong, and you're the
only one that's right.
And that's how you're supposed to feel, because you got the pills of Bob in you.
That's right.
Possess these children with the fire of thy holy way.
Fill them with the blood of Jesus.
Fill them with the blood of your passion that will enable their weak spirits to move
in pursuit of your holy work.
Oh, go on.
Two million you bastard cowards!
We don't want to live anyway.
Not in a stinking water like this.
Oh?
And what's so stinking about it?
It's a stinking water because there's no law, no other anymore.
It's a stinking water because it lets the young get a bit of the fun.





Now to the old, look you, darling.
Oh, it's no water for an old man any longer.
What sort of water is it at all?
Men on the moon and men spinning around the earth.
And there's not no attention paid to earthly.
No, no, there's no more.
Oh, dear little lad, I thought for thee.
In the U.S. today, one of every ten high school seniors uses marijuana daily.
Thirty-five percent of all students use drugs at least once a month.
It isn't all in the illicit, illegitimate market that's the problem.
We have a panacea in America that is a place to solve every problem.
The farmer, he got wild.
The bricklayer got plastered.
The mechanic, he got tanked.
And the construction worker got blasted.
And daddy beat up mommy and broke her collarbone for good luck.
And daddy beat up mommy and broke her collarbone for good luck.
And everybody's drunk.
And everybody's wasted.
And everybody's drinking on the job.
The garbage man got trashed.
The janitor got messy.
The taxi driver got smashed.
And the waitress, she got...
She got tipsy.
In Kansas City, New York City,
Great Big City,
Itty Bitty City.
Now everybody's drunk.
And everybody's wasted.
And everybody's drinking on the job.
Well there's a whole lot of places that I ain't been.
And I ain't been to the same place.


I'm having pounds on my skinny killer.
So I'll have to break out to get to Kansas City.
Quickly, I've come down to New York!

and we're gonna try the prologue.
And everyone remember me as Mr. Knife.
Because now your Social Security is covered


the era of school rules.
Oh,
oh,
of the 80s.


The terrorists got bombed
The president got hit
Security was tied
Yeah, the Secret Service got lit
The FBI, CIA, TWA, USA
Everybody's drunk
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's stoned
And there's nothing that's gonna change it
Cause everybody's drunk
Everybody's drunk

And everybody's wasted
And everybody's drinking on the job
And everybody's wasted
Everybody else has a your ass
Cause everybody's drunk
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
Cause everybody's wasted
We can't get anything but crack
I wonder why that is
might light it up on rare occasions or Jesus or Jim Jones or whatever or a
subgenius tape or a subgenius show like this every two minutes will light it up
or the merest glimpse of one of Bob's hundred-year-old footprints might light
up that spot in your brain that mighty that a that a mighty undiluted
unneagified squirt will flood that spot with with just the right juices from
just the right glands but but since to to read that good book takes days you
got to be in the right place at the right time for that song to have the
effect if you're gonna get it through sex well that takes at least five
minutes and often you have to take them out to dinner but my god you can just go
out and spend some money and in no time at all you can light up that little spot
just as soon as you can get back in your car baby
just as soon as you can get back in your car baby
just as soon as you can get you a sample fire that booger up quiet what
else do you need why would there be any need for noble feelings for all mankind
or even any sense of human decency whatsoever why would there be any need
for anything but to light up that spot in that brain and when you get those
headsets where you just tape a little pad to either side of your temple one in
the front one in the back on a shaved place
on your head and you have that little control in your pocket with the battery
in it as long as you've got your $1 98 9 volt battery and that thing you can
crank it up to 5 to the 5 marker on the dial and feel mighty damn good or turn it
up to 10 and tiring shall you'll never turn it off there better be somebody
standing by anywhere past 6 on the infinite control with knob and you're
not gonna turn it off you're not going to friend you might actually want to jump if you turn it off better watch your officer and if not you'll fall out of shape!

I'd turn it off for a second, but it would hurt.
Oh, it would hurt to turn it down, even to turn it down.
And once you've felt that 10 setting, you're not going to want to live with anything else.
You're going to be crying a year later for the 11 setting.
You're going to be begging.
Oh, you'll be reading all the catalogs, waiting for that breakthrough that'll give you an 11 on that control.
Oh, yesiree, you think they got a drug problem now.
Now, you think there's a drug problem in the United States, in the whole world now.
Oh, mark my words, ye sinners, wait until you get some electronics involved, baby.
You think those computer whizzes got rich quick.
Wait until they invent the head zapper.
Oh, it's my head, you'll say.
It's my head, that's all you'll be able to say.
Every song will be the song, it's my head.
That'll be the only awareness you need.
It's just between you, your head, and your control.
Your pleasure center stimulator control.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah, you'll be like a monkey in a cage, sitting in a pool of his own saliva.
That's right.
Because once you feel number 10, you can kiss what you now know as reality.
Goodbye, baby.
Yes, and after a while, even the 10 starts to feel like pain.
But you can't kiss it.
Go looking for the 11 button, because you can't get up.
You've been there too long, because you're dead.
You're a ghost that died while it was high.
Yep, yep, if you die when you're high, my friend, your spirit becomes a wandering shade.
Wandering, trying to score for eternity.
Or at least until a subgenius priest comes along and sends it spanking back to where it originally came from.
My God, and here I am, running out of gas.
You're always going to run out.
Sooner or later.
That's what you've got to remember.
Too much.
Oh, yeah.
Too much is always better than not enough.
Till you run out.
And you will, friend.
You'll run out of that church air right when you least expect it.
Right when you thought you had all the church air in the world.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, I had all the church air in the world.
But, but, but, Negi.
That's it now.
Oh, you'll scream, you'll cry, you'll wail and gnash your teeth.
And you'll wish you could die.
You'll wish you could die.
But you can't.
You can't die.
Because your terror keeps you alive.
And manufactures just enough church air for you not to die, but just to keep needing more.
You're going to be ready for the finals in 1998, my friend.
There can be no such thing.
There's no such thing as a safe pleasure drug.
Even if it had no harmful physical side effects, it still would have, it would still be overused by some people who cannot get pleasure in other ways.
That's what's so sad.
Oh, I know smoking cigarettes cause cancer, but I can't stop.
But if them same folks told you smoking cigarettes in your automobile would corrode your engine,
it would be no more smoking.

In the car.
Now that's kind of sad.
Because they manipulated us to the extent that these educational institutions ain't nothing but tricks.
Before you.
Why?
Well, I didn't tell you this before, but he's an egg salad addict.
You mean he's hooked on it?
He's hooked.
He's got a chicken on his back.
Yeah, well, too bad for him.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
As far back as educated men have recorded their history,
veils have been lowered to disclose a vast new reality,
rents in the fabric of man's awareness.
And somewhere in the endless search of the curious mind lies the next vision,
the next key to his infinite capacity.
There's reason to believe that incessant stimulation of the reward or privilege of a man's life,

the pleasure centers of the brain will lead to a resetting of the pleasure threshold so that ordinary,
enjoyable things no longer stimulate that area.
Or if they do, they aren't effective.
And one can't enjoy ordinary life so that all one has left are the chemicals.
If we keep using drugs the way we are, we're going to go down the chemical dumper.
You look puzzled, Peter.
Other than you're still plain Peter Wayne.
But don't worry.
You'll all be crystal clear as soon as you cross over.
Consciousness expanding.
Properly induced CE will give a subject full awareness of capabilities never known before.
The doses have been somewhat shorter for me the last time or two.
I'm not sure how long I'll be in there.
You better listen to my warning.
Warning.
Warning.
Warning.
Warning.
Warning.





Warning.

Warning.
Warning.
Warning.
Warning.
Warning.
Warning.
Warning.
Warning.
Warning.







Have you got a reading that shows us in detail just how easily that came up?

You don't mean the words, though?
Some said it was always Frühlings, It control a very large amount of heat, like coal, snow.
A storm? No.
Tibetan wilderness?
Land of the pharaohs.
Land of the pharaohs. That sounds great.
Wow.
Here's the police!
The madness is a journey to hell,
that the brain is sick and weak.
In ever new dimensions,
they live up there, where the evil nights dwell.
And all along, Pops, oh, darling,
I'll remember when the least of your problems used to put you right to sleep.
Oh, not anymore, Matt.
Today's modern, now-a-go-go woman
just pops these simple little pills, called Angadream.
Swell demonstration, eh, Sarge?
It's routine.
Maybe.
But if the Chief ever caught me taking these pills, he'd snap my head off.
Here, try one of mine.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah, the Chief himself's been on these for a week, and he's a chum.
Good. Open your mouth, Chef.
No, I'm not.
I don't like pills.
It really does help take the trouble out of falling asleep.
The haunting reality is
that any one of these addicts,
prostitutes, or runaways
could be your child.
There was me.
That is Alex.
And my three droogs.
And their enemy is the God-centered family.
An 18-year-old teenager named Diane,
living here in the middle of the desert,
in Hollywood,
took her life.
She was under the influence of LSD.
She had experimented with it
as a result of peer pressure from her friends.
This young lady had everything in the world to live for.
She had just won a Grammy award.
She was signed for a television series.
Today, drugs and alcohol
have replaced baseball and football
as the national pastimes.
We are producing a country
without a future.
Any punk will tell you there is no future.
They don't think about it.
They wallow in just now operating.
They only have the present.
No puns.
I can't hold my breath
any longer.
In front of the policeman,
I have no choice but to go with him.
See what he has to say.
I'll minister to him.
I've tasted the dew
on the lips of sweet death herself.
You were right, Paul,
when you said that someday
we'd all live in the treetops.
Like apes,
like monkeys,
like rodents,
like vermin,
like the squirrel
that has found itself electrocuted.
On my electric fence,
the one I use to keep Zandy inside,
and the dogs.
The squirrels can't take the voltage.
They fry.
They die convulsing.
They suffocate
because their lungs can't take in another breath.
But yet,
their brains are aware of the terror.
My little boy walked out one morning,
and he said,
Daddy, is the squirrel sleeping?
Is the squirrel sick?
I said, No!
My child, the squirrel's not sleeping.
The squirrel's not sick.
The squirrel is dead.
The squirrel will not come back.
The squirrel can't be fixed.
It turned into a skeleton.
A squirrel skeleton.
My son said,
Father,
I want to be like that squirrel.
I, too, want to be a skeleton.
You can't arrest me, officer.
I'm not drunk.
I might be half-ass drunk, though.
Well, I will.
Well, I will.


I'll get you drunk.
And I will.
You know you are.
You know you are.
When you got a hangover
And it's all hung over back
Straight at your girlfriend's car
Half-ass drunk.
Just you and me.
Sergeant Carter hair-cut
Gomer Piles hookup
living off of LSD.
Have a ass drunk.
And I'm feeling blue.
Well, a flood come in and it washed away my den
and my water bill's still past due.
Have a ass drunk.
Called my boss.
I ain't feeling quite right.
Well, it can't be Monday
because I don't remember Sunday
and my hands are spinning Saturday night.
Sweet love song.
Have a ass drunk.
And I'm drunk as shit.
Well, I used to have a job
but I'm sick of getting robbed
so I finally do a band quit.
Mama had a fit.
Have a ass drunk.
Well, my head feels odd.
Well, baby needs food
but I'm still feeling blue.
But his daddy needs a lewd brother.
Baby better find himself a job.
Have a ass drunk.
Have a ass drunk.
Have a ass drunk.
And I'm having fun.
Stopped on a hill
cause I had to take a pill
but I couldn't quite find my tongue.
Have a ass drunk.
Hell, I can see.
Well, they said the light was red.
Now, a couple of folks.
Well, there was 22 mangled
and there was one guy
that was gimped up pretty good.
He had to sort of walk like this
for the rest of his life.
And there was one guy
it was pretty neat.
They had, he was hurt pretty good, I guess.
They had like this machine
that was like hooked up
where he had this tube running up
through his nose, you know.
And that was the only way he could breathe.
And well, there was this one dude
it was like a blade
he chopped straight down on his toes.
Last I heard, he still couldn't walk.
There was one guy, well,
this is what's weird.
They found parts of him on front of the car
and other parts of him
on the back of the same car.
I mean, it sort of defies the mind, doesn't it?
How you can walk like that.
You could find pieces of the same person
on the front and back of the same car.
I mean, I just don't understand.
They ought to run some kind of scientific test.
I don't even see how that could even happen.
And a couple folks dead.
Well, it sure looked green to me.
Half-ass drunk.
Well, I wish I was.
Turned a brand new Trans Am
into an old tin can
trying to outrun the fuzz.
Half-ass drunk.
I'm a victim of lies.
Well, there's nothing wrong with me,
your honor.
I can see, hell, I got you
damn de-dug your eyes.
Half-ass drunk.
Oh, woe is me.
Mommy, where's Daddy?
He's been gone for so long.
Oh.
Come home.
Come home.

Come on.
Such a Dragon.
Come.
My détente.

Stop.

Be quiet now.

Be quite.
I was gone for 14 days
I could have been gone for more
Held up in an intensive care ward
Lying on the floor
I was gone for all those days
But I was not all alone
I made friends with a lot of people
In the danger zone
See my lonely
Love is gone

I was gone for more
I see it every day
See my lonely
My next goal
Since I've gone away
I can't remember
In my razor end
I can't understand
All the pushing
All the pushing
All the pushing
All the pushing
All the pushing
All the pushing
All the pushing
All the pushing
All the pushing
Now imagine a world where
heroin was legal
but possession of coffee
was punishable by up to
50 years in jail.
In other words, friends,
think of a world where you could run down
to the nearest convention center
store just about any time of day or night and purchase any amount of liquid
heroin you wanted a whole bottle of heroin be about three bucks or you could
go down to heroin den and sit and shoot up with all your shooting buddies until
about 2 a.m. then you get on the expressway and drive home or that matter
folks that in the heroin world where imagine that the authority is making
heroin so much a part of their business world that nobody closed a big business
deal without having a few shots of smack with the client when there'd be
billboards all over the roads for the coolest brands of heroin showing
beautiful models skin popping next to a waterfall and on TV well they're not
only would there be all these ads showing your favorite sports heroes
shooting their favorite brand a heroin but in any party scene
any place you go get some heroin.
Any scene of any TV show where people were shown relaxing or having a good time,
well, they're always taking just a few little sniffs of smack.
Now, the leaders of a world like that would have to be pretty insane, right?
I mean, it'd be obvious that the leaders themselves were not only heroin users,
but stood to gain quite a bit from the whole population,
aside from a few anti-heroin fanatics leaning on this substance.
But let's take it a step further, friends.
Imagine if these people made coffee illegal.
Because they said it was addicting, and it led to harder stuff like espresso.
But yet, untold, millions of people had been drinking coffee for thousands of years,
and no one had ever OD'd.
You drink it, and it sharpens you up a bit, and then later you crash a bit.
But it's so illegal that the smugglers are getting fantastically rich
having contraband products.
Coffee beans flown up from South America.
And there'd be this whole subculture of bean heads.
People that were into coffee, partly as a rebellion against the establishment.
And the whole reason that coffee led to harder stuff, like espresso or NyQuil,
was because to buy coffee, you had to go to a coffee dealer's house,
a pusher's house, where you'd encounter people who were espresso users.
And on top of that, a one-ounce bag of coffee,
would cost like a hundred bucks, just for an ordinary Maxwell House grade.
And people would be arrested and spend their whole lives in jail.
Maybe even be executed for using coffee, which is relatively harmless.
While this whole planet of junkies was going scot-free.
And President Reagan would be up there.
You'd see him in the news at, you know, partying with world leaders.
All of them snorting a bit of smack and shooting up.
Imagine what a horrible, topsy-turvy world we'd be in.
Imagine what a world that would be, friends, where they made a powerful,
central nervous system depressant, not only legal, but glamorous.
While an organically grown, harmless bean off of a bush,
could wreck your life only because of the laws against it.
But, but, we're enlightened people here.
So just forget that little allegory.
You know, let's not get depressing about it, friends.
Let's, let's just lean back with a good, stiff, drink, and forget it.
Something was missing.
It was my pills.
I wonder if that guy bopped or not.
I guess I better run over there.
Go down this dark river.
Doug, Doug.
Yeah.
Oh yeah, okay, what?
Down.
Down here.
Oh, okay.
Where are we going?
The dark river.
Where are we going?
Tunnel ride.
Don't worry.
Just like, hand the guy a cordon.
That guy took all my pills.
Yeah, well don't worry about those pills.
You don't need those pills anymore.
Okay, well I still got my tape recorder and my camera.
You don't need those anymore either.
Give them to me.
Come on.
Whoa, look out!
Whoa!
Whoa!












I got a job here.
I got a job here.
Oh, look out!

Whoa!


Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!

Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!


Yeah.










Let me come down with you guys.
Let me show ya what's real.
Shay!
Ghirel.
tać
They call it the nows, they call it the nows, they call it the nows.
And when it finally rocks away, I guess you'll probably drive a truck in.
They used to call it the nows, they call it the nows, they call it the nows.
La la la, la la la la, la la la la la la la.
Kinda young, kinda dead.
Yeah, Charlie's disgusting brain, well, it's all black.
The girl's got a very dead brain, it won't come back.
She used to convey, but then she took an extra kick.
Of course her friends are extra dumb.
And they were terribly excited while they watched her do it again.
Charlie's disgusting brain, well, it's all black.
The girl's got a very dead brain, it won't come back.
She got dirt all around the hole, where they dunk her boxes.
They call it the grave, they call it the grave, they call it the grave.
Which is as good a place as any for a chump.
Charlie's disgusting brain, well, it's all black.
They used to call it the nows, they call it the nows, they call it the nows.
They call it the grave, they call it the nows, they call it the grave, they call it the grave.
And all around, at the site of the grave, stood Charlie's friends, who could not save.
Charlie's disgusting brain, well, it's all black.
Stupid girl from the way she behaves
But among the mourners and the frowners
They cry, why, why?
And it haunts us
And it haunts us
And it haunts us
And it haunts us
No, I ain't got any more
No, I ain't got any more
No, I ain't got any more
No, I ain't got any more
Birdland
The Brotherhood
Wrote on the rotted basebald wall
Right next to the sign that read
Please don't pee in our hall
And then he reached in the slide
And he pulled out the tiny transparent bag
The one filled with the chopped white powder
The junkies called Skag
And he sighed as he hit the big vain in his arm
And his mind took off on Bird's musical charm
And Brother Bird was blowing
Bracelet for you like only he was it to a secret he knew
Wow the brother said he slipped up into a nod bird sure he's the pain
Now I wanna hear brother John
Coltrane
He tried to get up with his body with the moon
Told him his senses were in a groove
Finally bird was through and trained to go ahead a spiritual debut
His heart began to pound
As he dug the bar sound down
Bird train show knock was down
And then he looked up and saw
That the box wasn't even on
And it was damn near dawn
I'm high
I'm high
I'm high
I'm high
I'm high
I'm high
I'm high
I'm high
I'm high
I'm high
I'm wasted
Like an helicopter down
Give me some dough
So I can buy me some smack
And get back on the fast track
He looked off into a nod as the sounds became odd
And he could no longer hear train or bird
He could only hear the loud unspoken word
Get back nigga, you're black crowned
But I'm beautiful he said
And then he suddenly realized that he was dead
And he was being lowered into the ground
And couldn't utter a single sound
And his family and friends were standing around
With their heads hanging down
Crying and carrying on
Because their beautiful black song was gone
No I'm not dead his mind said
Don't bury me
Because I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't
I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't
I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't
I didn't, I didn't, I didn't
And then he realized
Oh Dee
Oh, D. Oh, D. Oh, D.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, fuck.
Wow.
Oh, I'm dead too much.
I know, Mr. Green.
I'm dead too much.
I'm dead too much.
I'm dead too much.
Also, it doesn't exist.
Also, it doesn't exist.
And they are shooting each other because of a new prize.
Billions of dollars in American money.
The hard-earned or hard-stolen dollars of America's heroin addicts.
Hey, if you want any of this junk, huh, go to it, boys.
But this young girl, 14 years of age, in the eighth grade,
recently took 50 pills to take her life.
She has slipped her wrist.
And she's been into heavy drugs.
I've got super dynamic overdrive.
I'm operating in 10,000 revolutions.
My motor is being preserved because I'm operating in supernatural overdrive.
Are you certain you know what reality is?
No matter what I do to change it,
normal I remain.
Normal can be just as bad
as right as wrong.
I'm in a wheelchair.
I'm in a wheelchair.
Today,
serious heresy
is a deviant state of consciousness.
Not so much deviant opinions
as having a kind of experience
which is different from regular experience.
We are taught what experiences are permissible.
We are taught what experiences are permissible.
And therefore, if a person has so-called strange experiences
and endeavors to communicate these experiences to other people,
he is looked at in a very odd way and asked,
are you feeling all right?
Because people feel distinctly uncomfortable
when they realize that they're in the presence of someone
who's experiencing the world in a rather different way from themselves.
They call in question as to whether this person is indeed human.
They look like a human being,
but because the state of experience is so different,
you wonder whether they really are.
And in rather the same way,
in a very everyday kind of circumstance,
when you're sitting in a bar drinking
and you find you have a drunk next to you,
and he turns to you and says,
I say,
and you sort of move your stool a little way away from this man.
Because he's become in some way what we mean by non-human.
We expect a high of about 65 degrees tomorrow,
increasingly cloudy skies once again,
with some rain in the forecast.
So I found this little niche, crawled in,
and I say I'm happy.
All right, boys.
Bob's got you hooked.
Bob's got a monkey on your back.
Bob's doing something spooky again, ain't he?
That's what you're listening to.
Yeah.
Yeah.
This is the kind of Bob that comes up out of the shadows.
It's the kind of Bob that follows you home.
It's the kind of Bob that calls you up in the middle of the night
and hangs up as soon as you say hello.
Hey, Doug, let's kill Bob.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
I have an espresso machine in there.
Espresso.
I feel the need to express myself
into a cup.
And then pour it back into the spot in which I once stood.
Pour it into my shoes, and I will be reborn again.
A man of caffeine.
Y'all get your little whiskey, get your little snort,
get your little reefer, get your little...
You serious?
The same people as fixing to kill you
puts the drugs out here for you.
How many of y'all know that?
Let me see your hands.
Some of y'all got your hand up.
Got a reefer in your pocket.
And we sat in the Corova Milk Bar,
trying to make up our razzoo dogs what to do.
The evening.
The Corova Milk Bar sold Milk Plus.
Milk Plus, Vellicet, or Synthamesque, or Drencrum,
which is what we were drinking.
This would sharpen you up and make you ready
for a bit of the old ultra-violence.
And they got your head so messed up,
everybody got their high and don't like nobody else's.
Yeah, the whiskey drinkers have always looked down
on the wine-o's.
Reefer smokers now got an attitude about whiskey drinkers.
And all at once the cocaine snorters think they're more sophisticated
than the reefer smokers.
And the coffee drinkers hate them all.
A lot of the evangelical leaders seem to have forgotten that.
Now, we understand the drunk.
We know what's the matter with him and it'll wear off.
But when quite unaccountably,
a person gives representation,
that he's suddenly got the feeling
that he's living in backwards time.
Or that everybody seems to be separated from him
by a huge sheet of glass.
Or that he's suddenly seeing everything
in unbelievably vivid, detailed, moving colors.
You say, well, that's not normal.
Therefore, there must be something wrong with you.
We like you and should ignore you.
But instead...
Makes...
Oh, God, it hurts.
My headaches come back.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
If these headaches keep up...
Fuck.
I'll go down in the medicine fish hole.
I'll go in the medicine fish hole if I have to.
I...
Oh...
Do you have any aspirin?
No, I'm Bob.
No, I'm...
No, I'm Bob.
No, I'm Bob.
A light from the sky
settled over them trees.
It left this wire in my head that customized me
The wire in my head, it advises me
Better living through bio-circuitry
The wire in my head has found me new friends
We meet at the airport where the old freeway ends
And we lay down our lives for the power it sends
I got a wire in my head and so do my friends
The wire, a big business opportunity
The wire benefits me financially
The wire in my head gets me good deals
I drive a real solid car and I eat fancy meals
You can bet I'd kill any sucker who squeals
I got a wire in my head and I like how it feels
I got a wire for your head and I'd install it for free
Better living through surgery
I got a wire in my head
Squeal and you're dead
Oh, yes, dear friends, that was Wirehead Conspiracy by Reverend Buck Naked.
And that's on Paris Records.
Yes, Paris Records presents Made Up in Texas, Wirehead Conspiracy.
You can pick that one up here and there.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
You know, time is running out.
It's so sad that time has to run out on the hour of slack.
You only get that hour of slack a week, and it is shame.
Can't it be shame?
But you can learn more about the hour of slack and everything else that has been played on here
by checking out www.subgenius.com or write to post office box 181417.
Cleveland Heights, Ohio.
44118.
This has been hour of slack number 788.
A rerun of hour of slack number 51 from 1986.
The music in the background is from Zumbo Frop Land by St. J. Condom.
Thank you.
Thank you.

Thank you.
