Now I know there are some pretty strong opinions over what to do with the legions of myopically-minded half-witted pinks,
and it seems these opinions have widened the great divide between the clinches of our little church of the inside joke.
Of course, I speak of the rift between the intellectual evangelicals,
hoping to save the human race from extinction by enslaving them for menial labor, experimentation, human sacrifice, and sexual exploitation.
The militant holocaustals striving to completely snuff out the moronic masses of this planet.
And virtually every other clinch is unbranching haphazardly off the backs and carcasses of Bob's conquest.
A massive pit of collective ideals and abnormality.
A cacophony of white noise.
A stream of consciousness so muddled through the muddying of our sacred shores by the trample of individuals
beating our collective chests loud enough to rock them.
And to bury heavens above.
This pit has become so wide and so full, I can't see the other side.
Friends, I have stared into the abyss of my twisted soul, and I have seen the true face of terror.
Who is that face?
Who is that face?
Who is that face?
It is Bob.
Friends, I must tell you I wouldn't give two shits for what happens to this planet or the stagnant pink races.
As a member of the Church of the Subgenius, I am here to remind you that we are all followers of Bob for the same damn reason.
No matter what opinions we hold.
The divine pronouncement of Dobbs proclaims we will be on the X's ships getting our eternal freak on with the uber sex goddesses on our journey to Planet X.
As long as we keep our senses about us.
Common sense.
Sense of humor.
And dollars and cents.
Bob has seen my dreams, so I got nothing to worry about.
Bob is in my corner because I'm in his pocket.
Why should I care about infighting, rivalry, and feuding within the Church?
Fuck the pinks.
Leave them alone or kill them all.
It just doesn't matter.
At this point, we're all nothing more than performing monkeys here to tickle the twisted funny bone of the creatures of the Carmel Cosmos.
Bob sold it.
We smoked it.
That settles it.
See, you're so busy fighting over whose vision sounds better that you seem to forget the best part of all of this.
Sex.
With.
Aliens.
We're going to be living it up.
Way up in the motherfucking mothership getting our fancies tickled by the most exotic extradition.
The most extraterrestrial intersexuals this galaxy has ever known.
So you keep your propaganda.
You keep hold of your hate.
I know where I'll be come July 5th, 1998.
And it's gonna be a glorious sight.
Thank you, Reverend Suds Pasha.
That was from the fourth of seven amazing YouTube videos he's produced so far.
After 16 shows derived from our 14 hours of work,
and 16 X-Day recordings,
we're moving on now to Starwood,
a very different festival held immediately after the X-Day drills,
in the very same place, Wisteria.
These two festivals make for quite an unforgettable two weeks every summer.
For various reasons,
I have ended up having certain responsibilities at Starwood,
such as helping light the bonfire,
making location recordings,
and delivering a sermon from the main stage.
All coming up on this Hour of Slack number 1339.
How's it going?
Doing a report for Hour of Slack on Starwood.
Alright.
Yeah.
I was actually critiquing how far off the cues were on the bonfire light.
See, I had a script.
Oh, yeah.
When they were rehearsing it,
I wrote all the stuff down.
And, uh, oddly enough,
I think some of them may have had a drink or something.
Woo!
That's good enough for me.
Remember,
people watch the line of drinking
to make sure you have alcohol and fire
on every level of your home.
Remember,
if someone in your household
smokes under the influence of fire,
you must be aware of Ontario.
Remember,
I'm a dangerous drinker.
Remember,
there's more to responsible drinking
than alcohol and fire
on every level of your home.
Remember,
Hour of Slack.
Maybe that thing is so fucking cool,
I can't believe it.
The living nervous system?
Yeah.
Uh, friends,
we're at Starwood.
Pyra Sonic is playing a little bit of Starwood.



Although you can't see the band,
all you can see is some fire twirlers.
Is that what they're called?
With those little fire...
Yeah, fire spinners.
Fire spinners.
And one of the waking dream guys
is walking around with this giant puppet
that looks like a glowing nervous system
that keeps changing colors and lines.
And it's dancing,
and it's 12 feet tall
over the top of this six-foot-tall guy's head.
It looks like one of those Alex Gray paintings
of a nervous system person.
But jazzy.
Yeah, real colorful and jazzy.
Not anatomically correct.
No, not at all.
Just a wild...
Abstract wire man of neon colored...
Yes.
Neon glow.
Those are just guys down there
doing the fire twirling, aren't they?
What do you mean those are just guys down there?
Yeah, there's no...
I don't see anybody on the stage,
although they could be on the stage
and since the stage isn't lit,
we just can't see them.
I don't know if that's live didgeridoo
or if that's something recorded or what.
That's probably Ron's music.
Yeah.
It's gotta be Ron's music.
My complaint is that
it isn't topless girls doing the fire twirling.
Oh, there will be.
There are always sexy girls twirling fire.
I think they're all down at the damn G-spot
is what I think.
I think we should go down there.
We did go down there, friends.
We got down in there.
Starwood is great fun
even if you're one of the cops there
as Princess Wee and I are.
In fact, the whole reason I live in Cleveland
and married to Princess Wee
and no lonesome cowboy Dave, etc.
is because Jeff Rosenbaum
invited me to speak at Starwood in 1990.
It was a bit more raw then,
and raw was a frequent speaker.
Starwood started in 1980
and next year will be the 32nd Starwood Festival.
You can look at starwoodfestival.com
for more information.
The music in the background
is from one of the many drum jams
that happen continuously there, day and night.
Before we go back to Starwood, though,
let's step into 14X Day one last time
with Dr. Hal describing the Church of All Worlds,
on whose podcast I will then be heard yakking.
That, in turn, will be followed by
the first half of my sermon to the pagans.
Here's a question handed to us
by the donator of the Oberon beer.
Is the Church of All Worlds
the one based on Stranger in a Strange Land
by Heinlein?
Heinlein is spelled Hein-land.
Hein-land.
I think we know that Robert Heinlein...
Exiled to Hein-land.
The land that is behind everyone else.
Yes, it is.
It is based on that.
It started as that.
That was the starting impulse.
But fortunately, thanks to the omnipresence of evolution,
it has mutated somewhat,
and somewhat more interestingly.
When the full version of that novel
was released,
the authors, directors cut, as it were.
Many were disappointed
in the things which had been cut out.
And it became a less forgiving book.
But the Church of All Worlds goes on,
and we ecumenically wish them support.
Just don't get too close.
Yeah, I've seen their water sharing ceremonies
in the pool at Brushwood.
The water is always a different color afterwards.
Yes, they take that far too literally.
Water shared is life shared.
Founded by Oberon Zell in 1962,
the Church of All Worlds is one of the oldest neo-pagan religions
and the first to claim the identity of pagan.
Inspired by Heinlein's sci-fi novel,
Stranger in a Strange Land,
CAW has been a major influence
in the emergence of modern paganism.
Originating the ritual of water sharing,
CAW was the first church to legally ordain women as priestesses
and to sanction gay and poly marriages.
Zellart got us.
Enter the next at www.caw.org.
Good evening.
I'm Oberon.
And I'm Arielle.
And this is our show.
Okay.
Well, hey, this week we're coming to you live from doing,
from Starwood, number 31.
Yay.
Yay, everybody.
At the beautiful pagan sanctuary of Wisteria
near Pomeroy in southern Ohio,
where it is bloody hot.
Our guest tonight will be Ivan Stang,
founder and High Muckety Muck of the Church of the Subgenius,
and Ian Corrigan, Bard and Druid,
and Jeff Rosenbaum,
one of the main organizers of Starwood.
I've been to just about every Starwood
for more than a quarter of a century now,
and it's always a high point in my year.
Arielle was here last year,
but Arielle, you weren't able to do this year.
I'm sorry.
But you'll be speaking to us from your home in rural Tennessee.
Mm-hmm.
Well, I'm sorry that I'm not there either.
Yeah.
Sounds like you are having a good time.
How's the turnout?
Well, you know, I haven't really had a chance
to poke my head out and look around,
but maybe Jeff can tell us how many folks are here.
But everything is off to a great start.
It's been an interesting adventure getting here,
but that's another whole story.
I want to really turn to the really wonderful guest line
that we've got tonight,
and our first one is Reverend Ivan Stang,
who is the author and publisher of the first Screed,
of the Church of the Subgenius.
I hope that some of you out there have heard of this
and will be enjoying this.
He is credited with founding the church
with his friend, fellow Drummond, in 1977,
although Stang himself denies this
and claims the organization was founded in 1953
by J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Since the publication of the first Subgenius pamphlet in 1980,
Ivan has embarked on a worldwide crusade,
spanning at least three continents,
and has been a great evidence to promote the church.
In 2006, Ivan created a new subgenius book
for Thunder's Mouth Press,
the Subgenius Cyclopedia of Slack,
the Bobliographon.
He has appeared on several national radio and television shows,
including the Jon Stewart Show on MTV.
Stang is an instructor on the faculty of the Mabee Logic Academy.
Both he and J.R. Bob Dobbs appear as characters
in John Shirley's science fiction novel,
Camus of Kadazar, The Black Hole of Carcosa.
Welcome, Ivan. How are you?
I am living in Slack.
Good. Well, it's good to have you on the show.
So, I'm going to just turn you loose here.
Tell our listeners whatever you want to
about the Church of the Subgenius,
and maybe you might start off by telling us what you mean by that.
Well, you'll notice that we didn't, you know,
call it the Church of the Genius.
Yes, we noticed that.
I have to remind people of that every day or so.
And the reason for that is,
in some ways, we're the most honest religion,
because we're the one that admits it's all a bunch of made-up baloney.
It was certainly in our case.
The thing is, we subgeniuses,
not being geniuses,
don't claim to know everything.
In fact, you know, most religions are centered around
why we are here,
who made the universe,
what's it all for, and so forth.
Well, we're the ones who don't expect to know the answer.
And in fact, whenever we hear somebody trying to tell us an answer
to those big questions,
we get a little bit suspicious.
Well, an honest prophet.
Yes, we certainly want to make an honest buck
off of every prophecy that we can pull off.
Hello?
Hello?
Did he get cut off?
Yeah, it's all right.
The conspiracy of the normal people are trying to interfere.
One of the basic tenets of the Church of the Subgenius
that was revealed to Bob by the evil space monster Jehovah One is that,
now this may sound exactly like the same spiel
that every crackpot, kook, and religious nut out there says,
but there has always been a conspiracy of normal people
inadvertently robbing away the slack of all the weirdos,
abnormals, class clowns, disbelievers, and so forth.
We're very interested in disbelievers and believers,
especially those who'll believe anything.
Yeah.
There's a seeker born every minute, isn't there?
Right.
But the important thing about the Church of the Subgenius,
as we say, we're not expecting eternal answers to everything.
We'll be lucky to get one truthful answer to a simple question
like, what's two plus two?
That's the kind of thing we can depend on.
And therefore, although we worship our Savior,
J.R. Bob Dobbs, unquestioningly,
he instructed us to worship him very, very questioningly.
In fact, he is supposed to be the world's first short-duration personal savior,
or a short-durper-sav, as the ascended masters say it in Tibetan.
Short-durper-sav.
You know, it's a world of planned obsolescence,
and a personal savior that works one year may not work for you the next year.
So, J.R. Bob is great for people who are just coming off of a bad religion,
and they need something that's more devoted to slack
than to punishment or correct behavior or whatever.
Bob doesn't care about your sins
and wouldn't be well-connected enough to forgive your sins anyway,
but he brings a great excuse for your sins.
And it works for a while.
After that, you may have to move on to something else.
And we don't mind as long as we get your $30 ministership ordainment first.
We really do ordain people, by the way.
A subgenius ordainment is just as real as an ordainment in the Catholic Church legally.
If I perform more marriages than I can count,
and if those weren't legal,
then a lot of people wasted money on divorces, let me tell you.
For a bunch of faithless, really, most of the subgeniuses are what you'd call kind of skeptics.
They got burned out on some religion or another,
and they weren't ready to go with anybody with a straight face.
So we've centered on someone with a really twisted face,
and that is the face of Bob Dobbs.
And we have absolute and total faith in Bob's face.
Not in his wisdom, which changes from day to day,
but just in the face.
And unfortunately, we're on the radio, you can't see a picture of him,
but at least we have a picture of him.
I mean, do the Christians have a photograph of Jesus, for instance?
You can't even...
There might be photographs of Muhammad, but they'll kill you if you show it.
Well, we just have drawings of Bob now, technically, though, don't we?
No, he posed for photographs for ads all through the 50s and 40s.
If you look through any old Better Homes and Gardens or Popular Mechanics from the 50s and 60s,
you'll see all these pictures of this square-looking, pipe-faced guy.
Always has a pipe, and he's always in slack.
He's in a hammock, or he's fishing.
He's advertising beer.
And he's always with some babe.
That's his wife, Connie.
And that is how we know that he's a real being.
He really does exist.
Of course, because he's smart, he avoids his mindless followers,
the subgeniuses, or the Bobbies, as some people call them.
I was probably one of the first Bobbies.
Bobbies.
The interesting thing about the subgenius thing,
is that it started out as a series of books,
but nobody reads anymore.
So it turned into a series of radio shows.
There's a show in Atlanta,
I mean, not podcasts, but real broadcast shows.
The one in San Francisco has been on since 1982.
I started the Hour of Slack in Dallas in 1985.
Susie the Fleece started hers in Atlanta.
And there's a bunch of other spin-offs and so forth
that have been going on for all this time.
You're still doing a weekly show, aren't you?
Oh, absolutely. I have to.
Otherwise, I'd have to get a real job.
I actually make a perfectly reasonable living
selling Xeroxes of material I wrote when I was 26,
when Violet first turned me on to Bob.
That's how much slack you can get from being a subgenius.
But you have to take it completely unseriously.
In a very serious way.
The thing that surprised me the most over the last 30 years
is what a social group it turned into.
We have church meetings called devivals every couple of months,
and every year we await the prophesied end of the world.
Wasn't that supposed to happen yesterday or something?
It will happen on July 5, 1998.
By the fact that we've had to stand in some field
waiting for the saucers every single July 5 since then
indicates to us proof that, as Bob was saying,
there is a vast conspiracy that's been messing with the dates.
Our friend St. Stymie Bergerac or Jeff Rosenbaum
mentioned that daylight savings time
is one of their ways of shaving hours off the calendar.
So we don't really know what year this is.
We don't really even know what planet this is.
All we know is that Bob is the living avatar of slack.
We don't question that.
We know that the only way to prove that you're a subgenius
is to give up that which means the most to you, money.
In our case, $30.
By sending it in, right?
Prices could go up any time.
We preach.
Just about everything you want to hear.
Polyamory? Sure. Go for it.
Cool.
Monsters from outer space? Sure.
Now, Oberon, your group, Church of All Worlds,
has references to a famous science fiction book.
Oh, absolutely. Stranger in a Strange Land.
It was our origin myth story, you know.
Right. We're the same way,
except that we stole from a lot more science fiction books,
including the ones that Jesus wrote.
The books that Jesus supposedly narrated,
and the books of the apostles,
all the way back to Gilgamesh,
and your latest hit sci-fi movie.
That's where most of our religious doctrine comes from.
You know how when you were a kid,
you'd find your dad's hidden stash of books,
and you'd skim through them looking for the good parts?
That's what we did with religious books.
Oh, that's cool.
And it created a sort of Frankenstein's monster
that will live forever out of mostly dead religions.
So we have a lot of relation to the Discordians.
We actually are not based on that.
I did not hear about them until after I was turned on to Bob and so forth.
But I was lucky enough to be friends with Robert Anton Wilson and Robert Shay,
and we owed them a vast debt.
Yeah.
And I would never deny that.
I think that Kerry and Bob and the Discordian thing
was part of a secret conspiracy behind the entire pagan movement.
As far as I know, every group and every leader and founder
was a Discordian at some point.
Well, I'll be discussing that on Saturday night at Star Wars,
The Secret Origins of the Entire New Age.
As for Kerry Thornley,
he became a hardcore subgenius in the last years before his death.
Although he then became a paranoid hardcore subgenius
and thought that I was out to kill him or something.
But, you know, Kerry had his own way of seeing things.
Do you ever have problems with people taking this too seriously
and missing the sort of the point?
Well, you know, Oberon, the funny thing is,
I didn't expect as...
Well, of course, we're as serious as any other religion,
but no, I didn't expect as many to take it as seriously
in such stupid ways,
where they get the lies and believe the jokes.
And I nowadays spend about half of my time deprogramming the zombies
that insist that there's something supernatural about all of this.
It's scary. I run into that same problem myself, you know.
Really, yeah.
People just don't give enough credit to the hard work of artists.
I know, I know. That's the problem, isn't it?
Well, but on the other hand,
a lot of those artists won't admit that that's all it is.
You know, I received the word from the thing up there in the sky.
Well, I've received lots of words from those things up in the sky,
and it always scared the bee-Jesus out of me.
I always figured that too many of these religions
don't really acknowledge that they are all started with science fiction stories, you know?
Well, of course not.
That would ruin the whole thing.
The Church of the Subgenius only works as an underground, non-mainstream religion.
The minute everybody got into it and agreed with it,
that would be the most horrible nightmare in the world.
In fact, if we ever get a movie made,
it'll be a horror movie about the day that they all believe.
So...
Ooh.
Not everyone is called to be saved.
Not everyone can be saved.
A lot of people are much better off...
Well, as Bob said,
pull the wool over your own eyes and relax in the safety of your own delusions.
The problem is most people don't have enough imagination to have their own delusions,
so they relax in the safety of Rush Limbaugh's delusions
or Billy Graham's delusions or whatnot.
So, whatever.
As long as they stay relaxed and aren't causing me any trouble, that's fine.
Just in case anybody wondered,
I was not raised in a religious household.
We were what you might call secular humanist scientists.
And so I don't have a bone to pick with any particular religion.
I'm a monster fan and a sci-fi fan.
And to me, the world of religion is just
very similar to the world of classic monster movies.
It's just older.
Well, I think that's about right.
I can certainly concur with that.
Ladies and gentlemen,
and everybody in between,
I, the Reverend Sister Fat Mandy, do hereby call you to the main stage area.
At this time,
I'm the one and unfortunately only Reverend Ivan Stang of the Church of the Septuagint
is about to impart some incredibly important knowledge.
For many of you, he needs no introduction.
For those of you who are as yet unsaved,
I suggest you get your $30 now for your chance to purchase guaranteed salvation
or triple your money back.
Without any further ado,
I would like to now engage in the sacred art of the church.
And I'm going to now invite the Reverend Father Stang

the most important part of fat chick fist mastication
with which we shall call forth the spirits to bless
this absolutely unholy holy gathering.
.
.






































































