I wish the fuck this car was air-conditioned.
Well, I'll go ahead and start up a tape of Sterno and Philo here.
Even though we're so fucked up that we can't, you know, there's no sense in trying to be creative.
We'll just make sure you guys know it's going to be really boring and insipid.
Really bad.
I'll probably even have a car wreck.
Before I can even get Cleve back to his hotel.
We'll make it somewhat exciting anyway.
It's a good crash.
It should sound good on here.
Yeah, well, you know, we're just too burned out from partying and being creative, you know,
and without you guys around and telling great stories of fucking Betsy and fucking fat chicks.
Yeah, fat chicks all over Europe.
Taking nude pictures of teenagers.
Teenage girls in my hotel bathroom.
Yeah.
All that rock star stuff.
All that rock star stuff.
Which is why we sound kind of sweaty tonight.
Yeah, and smell kind of bad.
Look pretty awful.
Look at least 30 years older than we are.
So, you guys fucked up, you know.
You missed it.
Yeah, you missed it.
You missed it again.
You fucked up.
I don't know what the problem is here.
Why you always got to fuck up?
You know, it's like, I don't know why.
Well, we did a radio show last night, but it was just as fucked up as this tape, so.
Yeah.
I'll probably send them a copy of it.
But they fucked up.
Philo always fucks up.
At least Sternow didn't fuck up on Boston.
At least Sternow got there.
But you fucked up on Boston.
I fucked up on Boston.
That's right.
You had to go to the stock hole.
Yeah, instead.
I had to go teach Finnish girls how to drink tequila properly.
You drink it with orange juice?
No, baby.
You just sort of drink it with a little bit of this salt here and a little chunk of that lime.
And then how about a nice semen chaser?
Well, I hate to do this to you, but at the Rock and Roll Alternative and at K&ON especially,
things are like Mussolini's trains and they operate on schedule dead on.
It's right.
at nine o'clock.
This is K.N.O.N.
Dallas.
And it's time for Reverend Ivan Stang.
Say no to the Church of the Subgenius.
Here let's inject a little less levity into these proceedings.
Oh, you fool.
Oh.
Children of Earth.
I am Mantor, one of a new race, a Sektor from the planet Symbion.
Welcome to your Sektor's read-along book.
As you read this story, you will understand how important my message is.
You are my witness.
Children, to you I swear the truth.
This story will show you that being too proud can be a fault.
And it can make a warrior lose the battle.
The lid's off.
It's going to be louder beyond Ontario than it's going to be here.
Those sounds.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!


Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!



Oh!
Give me the child
Sarah, beware
Now we are ready to begin the story
Invasion of Skull Island
Here on Symbion
Things are rarely peaceful
They haven't been for centuries
Since the time of the great cataclysm
A terrible time of destruction
When our ancestors, the ancients
Sealed the story of their race
And the secrets of their learning and technology
In the biocontrol centers we call Hive
Come on, get up off that chair
Follow me
Ready?
Go!
The Soap Genius
Our old swag
What?
Welcome, potential initiates
The Soap Genius
Our old swag
That you are about to listen to
Is specially designed
Only to be played on radio station
K-N-O-N
And only in the city of
Dallas, Texas
The Soap Genius



Here's your host
Reverend Ivan Stang, dear friend
The sexiest man on earth
A young Adonis who's irresistible to women
Now, I can't wait a moment longer
I've got to have sex with you
I have been generous up until now
But I can be cruel
Generous? What have you done that's generous?
Everything. Everything that you wanted I have done. You asked that child be taken, I took him.
You cowered before me, I was frightened. I have reordered time. I have turned the world upside down. And I have done it all for you.
Come with me now, as together we relive a dangerous adventure in our planet's history.
Mark the tale well and take heed. There is much to learn.
Our planets are alike in many ways. What happened to us could happen to you.
Listen well, children of Earth.
Eh, I don't think I need to worry about it.
Well, there once was a man, the world's greatest salesman.
And he had devised a plan to keep the Shackles from the beast.
Oh, I think it be.
As he's gone, a martyr for the cause, for the cause of...
Huh, oh yeah.
Just kidding.
He's gone again.
Who knew that the first shot...
That grateful shot...
Yeah, it probably was a shot of tequila.
...was going to be the last shot.
But he's got a hard driving pipe.
Yes, he's got a hard driving pipe.
The gas smoke all through the night.
Oh yes, dear friends, I don't think he's just talking about smoking either. Nay, I'm...
Smoking and choking and choking and bogan.
Oh, dear friends, we've got a degenerate, degenerate show here tonight.
It just flew in from... well, actually, up from Austin, but...
One of them places.
It was bred in Boston, I'm afraid.
Now, the last show...
But he's only a crumb down here.
The last show, we stirred up a lot of hate, talking about cruelty to animals and how much we liked cruelty to animals.
But, you know, we just like to rile up the people who don't bat an eye when they see humans get massacred.
But if a horse falls down and gets sick, then they cry.
But, uh, it'll be much worse tonight, friends.
That's right.
Much, much worse, because we have as our guest a veteran of some of the top disgusting novelty bands of subhuman history.
He's instrumental in the fabulous Billy Goons, the Swinging Aerodites, the Suede Cowboys, the Rude Smurfs for Wotan, the Sports Palace, and now keyboardist for some, what is it?
Some...
Some spin-off band from the Billy Goons.
Yes, the Broad Street Carpet Munchers.
We are the world's only living Billy Goon tribute band.
Friends, this is Reverend Brother Cleve Donut Duncan, the only official roving E-Missionary of J.R. Bob Dog.
That's right.
Coming to your town, coming in your town, and coming all over your town.
Right here on the A1 for the B3.
That one actually, uh, that gag comes up later on in the tape.
Uh, of course, we're not on live, friends.
You understand that.
We never bring Cleve in here live.
No, because...
Because there's just no telling what...
I actually just had to do the whole thing from remote, because I heard about this no alcohol rule at the, uh, radio station, and they wouldn't let me bring my bottle of mezcal in, so I just said, I'm just gonna do it from Reverend Stang's living room, and that's why we have the phone hookup right here, and we're doing it on the one from that.
Oh, praise God.
Well, anyway, uh, dear friends, uh, as you, as you probably already know, Brother Cleve is also the founder and secret master of the...
...of the Multifarian faith.
The Multifarian...
Praise the silver stream...
The silver stream of Multifarian.

...of the Multifarian.
The worshipers of the Holy Hopes, the sacraments of the monk.
And, uh, these things will be fully explained, dear friend.
All mysteries of life will be explained.
This is probably the most censored show I have ever had to do, and if you...
Make a game of it.
Listen close and see if you can hear where the cuts are.
Sometimes it just, uh, you know, we just use...
We just use Bob, but, uh...
Oh, yeah.
So, we, uh, move then.
Therefore...
Man, do y'all really wanna know?
Do you really even wanna know what...
What are you...
This is gonna be an all Cleve night, folks.
All this stuff is...
What is it Armstrong?
It's sick. It's bad.
It's horror.
We are the type of people that like to not only laugh at those, uh, those cattle mutilations, but also at them people mutilations too.
So come on, give us a call.
You can be offended just as easily as I can, and I can't be offended at all.
That's 823-7490...
...
...or 828-9500.
Talk to the Will-O-Dogs.
Huh!
I say we like to party, rock the party!
Bob.
Oh, get off the fa-
Bob.
...the party!
Welcome to the end times, boys and girls.
We're gonna shock-shock the house with your brain and the world.
Bob is getting down with you here tonight.
Bob is getting down to help your plight.
Bob is coming here to ease your strife.
Comethsuckers let Bob into your life!
Well, I'm MC Cleave.
I'm a master rap.
I'm a dog like my mother.
Bob.
Your lips gonna clap.
Y'all sitting out saying, oh, woe is me.
Well, I'm here to tell you, and it would be the end times is here.
Yeah, pretty mad, Bob.
Time to make a pay for the Bob.
Cups of the past.
Who else is gonna have to go through a rebirth?
And that means paying the spaceship Earth.
These lips will come from Planet X to remove from us the paintball sex.
In the meantime, we will have our say.
Get sacked!
And fornicate every day.
Not a conspiracy.
On it's best.
Make your life a fucking gas.
Take your choke right to the hip.
Make the normal suckers flip.
Take the time to rape their minds.
Tell them to blow it out their behinds.
Take all their money.
Give them what's your worth.
And continue to swerve to the rebirth.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Here we are.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.

.
.
.
I'm Dr. Steve Dora Mike.
I ain't the next.
I know what's what.
Babe, I like the shape and size of contour of your butt.
So come on over here and give up the gas.
Whip some scum to me, babe.
Or give me all of your cash.
Return you wanted to worry about your soul.
Because when your exes come, you'll be right on my pole.
To dobs how Malaysia we will go.
When you drink the cool air to go home, home, home.
Now I might be lying there with a high spec on my nuts.
Or maybe out chasing some other fine bucks.
But at least you won't have to wait on machinery.
And you'll be free from the...
Bob.
Conspiracy.
Watch the fire burn your face while we kick our way to outer space.
And while you're wishing upon a star, you'll probably lose me and some interstellar bar.
Come on, Cleve.
That's your 17th bottle of night chain tonight.
Let's go home now before you pass out right here on the street.
Woman, I can drink more wine and stay sober than all the heathen Hindus in Asia.
Yeah, I heard that before.
Get your popsicle sticks and let's get your damn dead home.
Damn, hope there's something good on TV.
For whatever intimidation and injustice lie with decency and honor, let the doctors arise.
And arise they must.
For within every one of us, there is a doctor.
A dormant doctor.
A supreme arbitrator.
Who can be summoned to intervene when crises threaten the stabilities and well-beings of our heartlands.
Now let's party!
Yeah!
Well, friends, that was Slackmaster Cleve and the Spurious Jive.
And inside everyone is a doctor, but fortunately not inside everyone is a doctor like Cleve.
That's probably the Bobforsaken truth right there, because I'll tell you, if it was a world full of me right here,
I think I'd probably just kill myself and take the load on home, because I don't know what I'd do if I was confronted in the morning with waking up and finding me everywhere.
One is bad enough, dear friends. Bad, bad, bad.
Pope S. Cecilia is going to find out tonight as she is going to be the one to find out.
She actually has to go through with the results of the Win a Date with Cleve contest.
A mere horrifying thought, because I've been known to throw a curveball and a fastball and a big ball at about 98 miles an hour, if you know what I'm talking about, dear friends.
Is it time for the disclaimer yet?
Oh, yes, yes. Thank you very much.
Friends, the opinions expressed by Brother Cleve Duncan are not necessarily, or I can guarantee, not shared.
They are shared by the radio station or its management or the entire Church of the Subgenius membership, aside from Cleve, or myself or the Willa Dobbs or Pope S. Cecilia.
Definitely not after this.
As you'll see why, how do you like those, isn't censorship wonderful?
I think it makes it even filthier than it was before.
It does, it does.
Because kids, you know, it's like kids look at a censored poster or censored picture,
and they just imagine what is behind that blackboard.
That's right.
And it's so much, it's even worse than the real thing.
It definitely is. I remember when I was a small child, and I was at least 49 years old,
and the Johnny Cash song came out, A Boy Named Sue, and they had that little blip on it on the radio.
And when I finally found out what it was, I was mortified, because everything I thought it was was definitely a lot fouler than it turned out to be.
Matter of fact, you could even say it on the radio right now, what it is, but maybe I probably shouldn't.
Forget it.
Well, dear friend, there's going to be some variety here, because this Cleve thing has produced and played in so many different,
well, pretty much low-class dive bands.
The low of the data.
Of course, yeah, exactly.
In this category, we're talking about the best.
But first, you're going to hear some subgenius ranting here.
It was recorded in Dallas last night.
This time, Cleve made a deep vival here.
This was at the old Twilight Room Club.
Ah, yes. I remember falling down those stairs many times.
At least you can remember that.
You know, Reverend Stang, I think we should probably point out at this point that I am the only member of the Church of the Subgenius
that has had close personal contact with both Blowfly and Dolomite, Rudy Ray Moore.
That's right.
This man, aside from being a wine connoisseur and author of a book,
a book of wine art, we'll probably get around to the current faves in the wine world here,
but also a scholar of Black Party records and rude Rastafarian songs.
The whole gamut of self-expression.
Yes. In fact, I tried to pull cuts from those things.
All morning I worked on that and couldn't find but a sentence or two here and there.
You know, just enough to kind of tweak your interest.
I do try to find them.
Blowfly rules.
Coming all the way, coming all the way from Boston, from Boston, Massachusetts,
home of the fabulous Billy Goons,
comes Brother Cleve Duncan.
You know, I came all the way down from Boston, Massachusetts to talk to you all tonight,
and I'll just give you a little thing here about what we call
the way of the multifar-eye.
Multifar-eye, brother!
Now, you see, I lived about 1700 miles from here,
and back when Reverend Ivan Stang and Dr. Philo Drummond were starting the Church of the Subgenius,
at the same time I started something of my own self called the Church of Multifar-eye.
What we believe in is the sacraments of the holy harps.
The sacraments of the vaults.
We saw Ed McMahon come down on a TV commercial one night and told us
that all we had to do was drink enough beer and drink enough of what it looked like
and snort up enough of what it looked like and just keep on doing all the kinds of drugs
and drinking everything we ought to do, then we would be saved.
Save!
Face bobs!
Save!
Face bobs!
Face bobs!

Face bobs!
Face bobs!
Face bobs!
Because we knew that there was a holy power.
Oh, wow.
And the power happened to be straight through disfigurement!
Disfigurement!
Because the more disfigured you can be, the more holy and the more fine you will be.
You know, if a spirit he likes to talk to you and tell you that
if you eat certain foods you're gonna be sick,
or if you smoke cigarettes, you're gonna be sick,
or if you drink a lot, you're gonna be sick,
Just take that job.
Drink it.
If you take in as many poisons and toxins as there are out there in the universe.
Toxins!
Then you can build up a superhuman tolerance.
You know you read a lot of science fiction books and see these old movies and they're talking about like after the end of the world.
Who's all this left after the end of the world?
Cockroaches!
Cockroaches?
So if you want to see the end times here.
Eat hot dogs.
Eat meat.
Eat raw meat.
Eat beer.
Eat aluminum.
Eat it all because that is the only way that you're going to be saved under the system.
The only way that you're going to be able to see the bar.
The only way that you're going to be able to see it.
Because at the end of the world it happens probably.
Raw meat.
Raw meat.
Raw meat.
Raw meat.
Raw meat.
Raw meat.
Raw meat.
Raw meat.
Say well all you're doing is just poisoning yourself.
All you're doing is just hurting yourself.
I've seen so many people that go into their own health, they're sick all the time.
They don't know what health is.
They don't know what it is.
Because if you are, if you poison yourself so much that you are sick all the time then
you are going to be truly healthy all the time.
This is a sick world.
This is just sick.








A sick, sick, disgusting, degenerate world.
And there is no way to get around all the poison that we live in.
Oh, sure, you can say, oh, well, maybe one day we'll clean it all up.
Maybe one day there'll be no more air pollution.
Maybe one day there'll be more toxic waste dumps.
Maybe no more nuclear power plants or something.
Oh, no, that is ideological dream.
You can't use that dream.
Fight reality.
Hit reality right upside the head.
Fight it.
Fight it the way it looks.
And then you can have the power of strength to disfigure it.
It's the only, only way.
Only way.
So my message to you, however short it might be tonight,
is to continue to put in as many poisons as you can into your system.
Just build up that superhuman immunity.
And that is the only way.
And you can make sure that Bob's plan happens right.
That is the only way that Bob is going to be able to come down to this planet back again
from his ideological, dim, written self.
Now that he's a dead man, the only way he's going to be able to come down
and separate the men from the boys and the idiots from the stooges
is to come down and just take the job.
The job.
The job.
The job.





It's for the suckers who live all around.
You.
It's for you.
They're always putting you down.
B.
It's for Bob.
He gives us our bread.
G.
It's for the guns they put to your head.
E.
It's for the eunuchs they want you to become.
N.
It's for your...
N.
Glam
My head you is for us they want to see us
Bad stuff
I'm a subgenius and I ain't no clown
I
Not even I don't even want to give the order, you know, I don't want to have anything to do with that
I don't want to know about it. So just
Don't tell me about it. Okay, that's all just
Which is the cradle of sin, but you feel like you in heaven
Yeah
I
Good
Oh
No
No
I
don't know

dangerous
I'm afraid I'm just a big jerk
But it's gonna go to work
It's two hours late but we're going home
The goons are drinking again
They try to make new friends
They're too busy fiddling in all the doggies
The goons are drinking again
He says he is alive for an hour
He gets up and takes a shower
I'm afraid I'm just a big jerk
But it's gonna go to work
It's two hours late but we're going home
Well the goons are drinking again
They try to make new friends
They're too busy fiddling in all the doggies
They're too busy fiddling in all the doggies
The goons are drinking again
Well the goons are drinking again
The goons are drinking again
Well the goons are drinking again
Hey, uh, Cleave...
Cleave, uh, can you explain that?
I mean...
Can you account for yourself?
Well...
See, the fabulous Billy Goons was, uh, this...
We used to play up in Boston a lot
It was a 24-piece professional wrestling outfit
This was long before wrestling was considered chic in some quarters
Unfortunately, we have to point that out these days
Because it's kind of a Yussie type thing nowadays, but...
Uh, Yussies?
Yeah, young urban heads
Oh, okay, thanks
You know what that other S means
Bad stuff
Yeah, bad stuff
Well, I don't know, you wouldn't want to hang onto it for long
It becomes good stuff after a while
But, uh, we used to have to, you know, play these shows
And, uh, when you have like 28 people in the band
You never really can tell how many people are actually gonna show up
Some nights there might have been too much whiskey
And there might be three people on stage
And some nights there could be 40, uh...
And, uh, you know, some nights people like Fred Blassie and Captain Lou Albano would come down
And, uh, well, it was just sort of like one of those things
And, uh, there was...
You know, we discovered that if we played in bands
Then you'd get free beer at the clubs
And free whiskey
So we said, well, why not?
So we put together a band and became sort of a, uh...
Uh, local...
I don't know whether you'd say legend or hazard
Uh, in the...
Yeah, it was pretty dangerous for me, uh...
Friends, the...
The time that Pope David Meyer and I preached in Boston
At the Spit Club, aptly named
Yeah
In Boston
The goons played first and started throwing food around up on stage
And the, uh...
No, not on stage, we were throwing it at the audience
Balls of spaghetti at the crowd
Yeah, well, they picked up the hint and, uh...
And then just threw it right back at us ranters
So there was less of us
I still have some pasta in my shorts
I was wondering about that
Geez
Yeah, really
Thought I went to some Italian restaurant today
But no, I'm afraid that's the way I stink every day
Just sort of like one big bowl of pasta
But I'll tell you...
And then there were pie fights on stage
And, uh, all sorts of things
Then the promoters used to have to...
They'd have us open for, like, the big bands that would come over to Boston from different places
And then they wised up about that pretty damn soon
After, uh, like, half the crowd would leave
Or sometimes they wouldn't even bother to show up
Because they knew we'd be playing
It was just one of those things
Hay fights and pie fights and mud fights and spaghetti fights
And, uh, head pro wrestlers
The whole gamut of it all
That was...
You know, it became such a thing, though, that it was just too big to control
And it got more and more spinal-tappish every day
Where it was like everything just turned into, like, your life became Billy Goon
That's why we have the Billy Goon tribute band out now
Because the original was just so great, so powerful
And just made people drop so many draws that we knew it was just too dangerous
To be able to bring it onto the road live
So the tribute band has come out
And I don't even perform with them anymore
Aren't they playing at one of those little clubs here in town?
Reunion Arena or something like that tomorrow night?
No, actually, I think the only reason we stopped in Dallas was to play up here
And then they wouldn't let our instruments in the front door
That's because they use living creatures for instruments, friends
That's right, and it said no alcohol
They wouldn't even let any of the other guys in the band up
Because they are just living alcohol
That's all, they're just mere walking fluids
Which is kind of an interesting thing
I myself had my entire body turned into a fluid hydraulic system many years ago
By my compatriot Dr. Felix Krul, MD
Who took all my internal organs out that I didn't need anymore
And just put this whole fluid hydraulic system in now
So I don't even have to bother eating anymore
Acubating can't be beat
Well, that ought to get us into the...
The Multifarian rant here
Which I think is somewhere along here in this tape
It's getting harder and harder to find the show in this room, friends
I got something for you, baby
Float within the cave of harmony
Oh, that cave
The mighty cave
That cave from whence we came
And to which we must go
And to which we must return
Oh, let us back into the cave
Only temporarily
But please let us
If we can't get our whole body
And at least some small portion of it
At least our heads
At least our German helmets
Ah, yes, dear friends
We can be a perfect family
We can be a perfect family
You can dance
Yes, dear friends
Oh, let us back into the cave
We can get our whole body
And just put this whole fluid hydraulic system in now
So I don't even have to bother eating anymore

And just let us back into the cave
Oh, let us back into the cave
And just let us back into the cave
We can be a perfect family
Oh, let us back into the cave
And just let us back into the cave
Here they watch them go to the moon
And now they're high on TV
Electric
Saving all the babies
Oh, yeah
Baby
Baby
Baby
Baby
Baby
Baby
Baby
Baby
Baby
Baby
Baby
Baby
Baby

Baby
Baby
What the Multifarians preach and believe is based on the concept of strength through disfigurement.
Beer in itself is an integral yet not exclusive element in the Multifarian way of life.
Most American beer drinkers are fat, lazy, sniddle-obs who have little desire or knowledge
in the true powers of the brew in which they partake.
Most people drink to escape problems and reality.
Multifarians, conversely, drink to create problems for those normals around them
so they can indulge in the holy horror of party-hawty
and be the true social buffoons they were in fact born to be.
That is why the darkest day on the Multifarian calendar is the dreaded amateur night
known to pink boys as New Year's Eve
when every normal feels obliged to get pie-faced even though they don't understand the power
and therefore ruin the good times of we stooges who take the job every day.

All these idiots do is crowd the bars, talk loud and stupid, smash up the road, smell awful and give alcohol a bad name.
Fortunately, these gnats will kill off themselves and each other due to the fact that they do not understand the power.
The Multifarian not only understands the power but knows how to use it and abuse it to his or her advantage.
One power is the holy sanity flush.
A great power of the Malt is to make every member a space shot for NASA,
a true astronaut.
Every morning after a disfigurement bout, the Multifarian enters the tabernacle of extra meditation
prepared to blast off, to shoot the moon so to speak.
This great cleansing process clears the head as well as the intestines.
Its effectiveness is doubled if it's performed after a wake-up call game of hide the salami.
The Multifarian will then have gotten rid of all the substances that reside in the Gouda chakra region
and will head off to the bar feeling like a new stoge.
A new lightness and quickness of step will send the Multifarian out.
The Multifarian will then have his way to face another day.
Another important element in the way is the act of getting reflected
while having a bout with the plane of pain, i.e. the mirror of disfigurement
by taking in the sacrament of what it looked like.
The Brainoma, in which the contents of the brain are hosed out at breakneck speed
thereby removing all unwanted particles and boosting the buildup of the loose parts into a more cohesive force.
If the beer takes care of the lower torso,
so the what it looked like takes care of the upper.
The cleaner something is, the better it works.
But it cannot be so clean as to remain totally purified.
This brings us to the diet of the Multifarian.
Essentially, the worse something is supposed to be for you, the better in fact it is.
You are told by the medical and governmental lackeys all about what you should do and what you shouldn't do to have a better life.
They tell you all that stuff to keep you weak.
They know of the power, the power of the malt, but they lie about it to you.
They tell you how to live right and how to eat right.
They tell you how to exercise right, but they're all wrong.
They're just trying to keep you in your self-imposed place, so they can retain psychological powers over you.
If they told you how radioactive you really are, they wouldn't be able to scare you with horror stories of Russians and bombs.
If they told you that after the bomb falls you'll feel the same way you do now, they'd just be a little less of you.
Then you wouldn't be so concerned with trying to play their idiotic games with their enemies because no one would give a...
The only way to live, therefore, is to partake in as many poisons available, thereby building up a superhuman immunity system.
Just because the rest of humanity has worked to stop evolution doesn't mean you have to.
Remember the insects in the DDT? Made them pretty strong, didn't it? Ha ha ha.
How about damn cockroaches? Who do you think is gonna take over the torch for man after we've gone the way of the dinosaurs?
Eat junk food, eat and drink tons of chemical preservatives, put hot sauce on everything and anything.
The hotter the better. Burn a hole in your digestive tract. Listen to everything so loud it makes your ears ooze.
You'll never need a Q-tip again. Your ears will be so clean you'll be able to hear somebody fart from across the street.
Eat raw meat! Don't forget sushi and hot sauce. Build a tolerance. You will survive.
By partaking in the yin-yang of poison, enter poison, exit, you will build a strength unknown to others.
Keeping clean while remaining poisoned.
And when it comes to exercising...
Don't waste your time.
Don't bother with jogging. Don't bother with nihilists. Don't bother with any of that other corporate nonsense.
Just f*** the way of the multifari.
Shall not be forsaken.
This episode of the Hour of Slack is underwritten by
The Weeping Cyclops Insignia Company, a purveyor of Dobbs-approved church wear, including subgenius T-shirts, buttons, and other mutant products.
Also available locally at Lone Star Comics and Metamorphosis.
That's The Weeping Cyclops Insignia Company, serving the public since God knows when, at P.O. Box 595-148, Dallas, Texas 75359-5148.
Thanks, Weeping Cyclops, for supporting KNON and the Hour of Slack.
The Hour of Slack
Say that again?
You're welcome.
And thank you again. Oh, yes.
Well, speaking of one-eyed cyclopses...
Yeah.
Oh, Clee, you're so cute.
Uh-oh. Yeah, it's starting. I knew it. I knew it. Better go to the sound effects quick, boys.
No, no, we're gonna, we're gonna, uh, we're gonna hear the...
This is a swinging erudite's tune that's...
It's on a record. Mr. Beautiful presents...
All Hard.
And, oh, them boys are full of heart. So, uh...
Not heart!
So you... This is a cover tune. That's all the swinging erudites ever did, right?
Yeah, that's all they do now, too. They're actually becoming quite famous these days.
Who knows? They may even play here. I heard they were gonna go on tour.
Since I stopped playing with them, they became really famous in places like Los Angeles and New York and San Francisco.
Funny how that works.
Yeah, really.
Every time you leave a band, they get a contract.
Yeah, well, that's what happens, you know. But I guess, I guess that's what part of my job is, being a roving and missionary.
You know, just coming out and finding those squirts where they're hiding and, uh, bring them out into the public.
But these guys, they, uh... I heard they were actually gonna be on the Tonight Show and playing in Las Vegas and stuff.
They, uh, did a version of, uh, Walk Like an Egyptian called Walk With the...
No, no, forget it. This is Dallas.
Oh, this is Dallas. They'll never play it down here.
Well, they do Bon Jovi, uh, what is it, uh, Living on My Hair.
Oh, I'm a millionaire, oh, living on my hair. You know, something like that.
Yeah, so, friends, you can see why, if Cleve is in your band, fire him for success.
That's right. It's the only way.
I had to go teach Finnish girls how to drink tequila.
You just sort of drink it with a little bit of this salt here and a little chunk of that lime.
And then how about a nice semen chaser?
Yeah, you taught me how to drink tequila.
I'm gonna drink tequila all over again. Look what happened.
Yeah.
Did these girls throw up on your hotel bed?
Uh, no, uh, unfortunately. It would've, it would've made a good photo.
Always looking for the ultimate photo opportunity.

Yeah.
Human props.
I always like to leave a little something for the maid, you know.
If it can't be a five dollar bill, well, at least it can be a big splotch of vomit right in the middle of the bed.
Yeah.
Or a nice semen stain just sort of right on the, on the nice part of the carpet.
Or maybe a, a nice hole in the middle of the TV set.
Or, uh, or maybe five or six newspapers all torn up into tiny little pieces that we can train hamsters in our room at night.
Yeah, and he's not just making it up either. I saw the photos to prove it.
I mean, sad but true.
I don't know, we've got a lot to learn from Clebe in, in terms of, you know, we're, it's like we're not gonna have any success with these shows unless we know how to, how to tear up a hotel room right, or, and a tour bus.
Yeah, just how to, uh, and how to, you know, like, beat up, uh, sax players and, uh, and just how to, uh, when you get into a foreign airport, make sure that the, the dope smelling dogs just go after the one guy in the van that doesn't even know what he's doing.

Yeah, and, uh, we'll see if we can get high.
Right here.
Go around to the secret entrance to the post office here.
Don't run out of gas before I get there.
There's bags and bags and bags of mail here.
Bags of Bobby shit.
Down here at 75214.
We sell the Bobby shit back to the Bobbies for, like, 75 bucks a pound.
Dumbasses don't even know it's their own shit.
They'll buy it anyway.
Yeah, yeah, they send it to us.
They don't buy it.
They don't recognize it when they get it back.
They think it smells familiar, though, so they kinda like it.
Guru pee.
Guru pee.
Oh, they love the guru pee.
You can get 10 bucks a bottle for that now.
Really?
And Cleve produces 40 or 50 bottles in one night.
At least.
Give them enough Schaefer's.
They like powder it, you know, so it comes out as powdered urine.
Ugh.
Well, we need to, uh, dump a bag of mail here.
Fuck you.
I just showed Cleve.
Cleve

...
...
...
...
The post office really like us now.
There's still a couple of guys that hate
anything weird apparently.
But there's a couple of NPs that are, you know.
Getting the job.
Yeah, they know my kids' names.
They're into it.
I don't want to tell them about the radio show.
Yeah, they'll start coming out.
And then there's this one woman here
who just apparently got promoted into a good position.
Horizontal.
Yeah.
And you can tell by the way she looks.
She's a mattress-backed drug addict.
And the post office has lots of those.
And I like her and she likes.
Along with the 10,000.
You know, I think maybe the girls of Lakewood
would make an interesting photo study.
If you guys hadn't have fucked up,
we could have come down here
and we could have done it together.
I still gotta.
A couple of shots left and a few rolls of film.
As I look around here.
Wow, there's another fat Mexican chick.
Yeah.
Now we're talking.
Man, we could sell these photos to Buff.
Something fierce.
Money hand over fist.
Be like the richest guys around.
Just getting, scoping out models for Buff.
Got something worthwhile for once.
Ah, a new shoe screw.
Okay.
Yep, from Sister Chris.
Yep.
You oughta check out Sister.
There's a couple of points I'd like to bring up
about Sister Chris.
Yeah.
Yeah, check out Sister Chris.
Be on her show.
She is a half hour of slack.
Is that in New Jersey?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, you oughta definitely oughta check them out.
It's in East Orange and they're in,
it's not far from New York City.
Yeah, no, I know where that is.
Yeah.
And it's a great station.
I mean, it's the kind of, there's,
we know about three DJs there
that'll play anything we send them.
R. Stevie Moore and Erwin Chusen.
Oh, right, yeah.
Were the first two that we knew.
And then Sister Chris is,
she's a lady ranter.
I mean, she gets on there and she writes these rants
and does them up.
She runs up some rant juice
and screams and yells and does offensive stuff.
Hmm.
And she works in the layout department at that magazine.
She pasted up all that porno we're looking at.
Pillsbury Doughboy Fudge.

And she's a little punk in his little dough girl.
Dough or die.
It's always been one of my favorite.
I get them, I get every copy of Screw
and it's one of the few magazines that I really,
it's a great humor magazine.
It's really funny.
They're anti-conspiracy.
They're, you know, they exploit women.
It's just about as close to subgenius faith
as you can get.
Yeah.
I need to pull in here and get some money.
7-Eleven.
Money cigs.
Money cigs.
Beer wine gas.
Yeah, if you guys hadn't of fucked up, you know,
you could have been down here having the beer wine gas
with us last night.
That's right.
Man, what a fucking buzz that shit is.
Yeah.
We did some before the show and you could tell.
And then we did a whole bunch more after the show.
Not to mention what we did.
We did a whole bunch more during the show.
Yeah.
Which is another story entirely.
Our heads were demagnetized, don't we?
We're going to go buy cigs.
You guys can light up for us.
Fuck you.
Ever clear of tobacco.
Yeah, right.
Oh, man.
That's how I, you know, when I started smoking menthols,
it's great, you know, people, hey, can I bum a cigarette?
Pull out a pack of Kools and be like,
I can't smoke them nigger cigarettes.
But, of course, eventually they get desperate.
Oh, all right, I'll try one.
Then they like it and then they're on your ass
for the rest of the night.
Yeah.
That's right.
If you could find cool straights.
Now, there's a brand that not too many people bum off of.
Cool non-filters.
Man.
Yeah.
They're menthol with no filter?
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's like about the size of a palm oil.
And, uh.
Well, I've been nailsing coffee.
Yeah.

I've been doing that for a while.
Oh, yeah.
Definitely.
A couple of those.
You know, you know you smoked a cigarette after that.
I had, uh.
Man, I had some cigarettes.
Philo smokes cigars.
Oh, that's always good.
And I know he's inhaling it.
Yep.
You got him.
You got him.
Oop.
I'll actually slow down at this speed limit here.
There's a police car behind me.
But we don't have any drugs.
No.
Just inside us.
Yeah.





Yep.
They can't bust us for that.
No.
Yet.
Piddle in a bottle, then.
Piddle in a bottle, then.
Pee, pee, pee, pee.
Piddle in a bottle.
They'll be trying to get that soon, though.
They'll be trying.
Yeah.
They'll.
Oh, they'll have a ray they can project at you.
Yeah.
It works like radar.
It's the one that you think about when you're unanswered.
Yeah.
A psychedelic detector.
They'll print out a photo of you.
Yeah.







Like those heat photos.
Just show how many drugs are in your system, where they are.
Actually, it might be helpful for drug abuse control for your own self.
Look at it and say, well, let's see.
Look, there's some MNP walking along over there.
It's kind of a big butt.
Mm-hmm.
But she had a nice pouty face.
There you go.
You see it now?
Oh, no.
The sunglasses on.
Look at those pasta pockets on the sides.
Unbelievable.
Unbelievable.
Handles you could really grab.

You can hold onto those and ride for hours on end.
Plus, that gap between her teeth was big enough to take even a subgenius stick.
Never mind a normal person.
Speak for yourself, Cleve.
Well, all right.
Maybe it wasn't wide enough.
I need to get some gas, because I might actually run out before we get to the hotel.
Then the band would really be worried.
Yeah.
Remember the last time you were here, I got you.
You were an hour late.
Yeah.
I was going to get you to the rehearsal.
You were sweating it.
That was when I realized you were a professional.
You'd never know it otherwise.
Yeah.
Well, of course I could tell.
Well, let's see what else is in this screw, as long as we're here.
How to turn your old lady into a nympho.
That could be interesting.
Oh, a little S. Clay Wilson.
Not bad.
Not bad.
A lot.
Some places to, you know, get your stuff out.
















You know, party all night.
Oh, here you guys go.
Girls of color.
Theater district.
Black beauties.
Asian.
Latin.
Mulatto.
Mutant.
We have it all.
Call us now.
212-315-3474.
Hmm.
Studio 69.
Oriental hostesses.
By appointment only.
718-672-9494.
Queens.
Hmm.
That's a good one.







Does that mean Queens in New York, or they're all fucking Queens?
Hmm.
Lisette.
I'm the bustiest, friendliest, and cleanest.
Ah.
Oh, that.
Oh, all right.
I'll give you guys this one, because this chick weighs about 400 pounds.
718-271-8489.
Her tits alone weigh 400 pounds.
Oh.

Hmm.
New Jersey gentlemen of distinction.
Oh, here's one for you, Sterno.
Wrestle your fantasy.
World champ.
Six foot three inch Italian goddess.
Dina Zara.
Five foot nine.
Body builder.
Protégé.
And other Amazon women club members.
Competitive or sensuous.
Fetishes accepted.
No sex.
What?
Oh, that's perfect for you guys.
No sex.
Just get wrestled.
Oh, speaking of which, have you seen Glow?
No.
A new TV show?
No.
Glow.
Gorgeous ladies of wrestling.
It is the greatest show.
Well, I'm not half the man I used to be.
There's a shadow hangin' over me.
Oh, I believe in you.
Oh, I believe in you.















Why she had to go, I don't know
She wouldn't say
I said something wrong
Now I don't know yesterday
Yesterday
Oh my, don't see so far away
Don't see a place so hard away
Oh, I believe in yesterday
Something
Well, I've got half the man I used to be
There's a shadow hanging over me
Oh, I believe in yesterday
Yesterday
Love was such an easy game
To play
And now I need a place to hide away
Oh, I believe in yesterday
Let's speed it up, boys!
Just a little while
I'm not going to see too far away
There's a person I want
Believe yesterday
Suddenly
I've got half the man I used to be
There's a shadow hanging over me
Oh, I believe in yesterday
It's reggae time
One, two, three, and
Yesterday
I and I had troubles, man
Oh, there's something wrong with me
I said something bad, boy, man
Maybe you could make my troubles go away
Why don't you go back up in the mountain, man?
Find the pomeranian
Find the guy, bring me the big sleeve
Cause I believe
Oh, such a day I know
Have the guy that I might put away in mind
Cause I be a spig and a bigot
One of the little countrymen
Bring me the pomeranian
Bring me the pomeranian
Polka time!
One, two, three, two, two, three
For all I need
For me here
Friends, you must all be here
For all I need
Why don't you just tear them off, boys?
Woo-hoo!
You got another number B there?
We must hide rid of the foolishness
Cause yesterday we believed in water beer
Wow!
I'm getting fiver!
Sour-brot in mind
Cause I smell like sour-brot
Enough of this ethnic crap
How about a little avant-garde freeform jazz?
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen!
Time for an Irish jig.
One, two, three, two, two, three.
One, two, three, two, three.
Heaven be praised, lad.
Short me gonnery of your Irish jig.
Oh, may the saints be praised.
May you have a six-pack and a potato
because you might have a seven-course meal.
Oh, short me gonnery of Brendan, your friend.
Oh, it must be true, lad.
The saints be praised.
Oh, may the saints be...
It's bluegrass time.
One, two, three, four.
Yesterday.
I'm a trouble-slinger by nobody.
I need to play some handy.
Well, I'm a lady to you yesterday.
Dirty and a bit of my.
Oh, where's my money?
Where's the happy old man from the course?
Oh, I'm a lady to you yesterday.
Oh, yesterday.
One more time, Gary.
No!
You are not to keep the power.
No, never go away.
The night is here.
It's yesterday.
Tweet the capable Staff.
Oh, I need the staffs' help.

Ohohohohoho!
Oh, hohoho.
Oh
Reverend Stank, did I ever tell you about the time that George Clinton and I sat around and talked about Bob?
Nope, nope, sure didn't.
It was a beautiful thing, and I think that all subgenius out there can learn a lot from George Clinton.
I said, well, George, what do you think about Bob?
And he said, Bob, he's a rascally old mug.
Really?
Yeah.
Yeah, that's what he said.
That looked good on the back cover of Book of the Subgenius.
Yeah.
Bob, he's a rascally old mug.
George Clinton.
Well, hey, you ran into, when you were on tour with the band that we can't announce,
you were in Europe, and you saw a newspaper in Helsinki.
It had Bob in it.
That's right.
Man.
It was the example of American degeneracy.
It was an example.
I remember the jokes about Jesus.
Can we say Jesus?
No, no, that's offensive.
Extremely offensive to some people.
You know, actually, when I was playing in Valencia, Spain, this guy came up to the bass player
in the Broad Street Carpet Munchies, and he said, hello, my name is Jesus.
And the bass player said, my, I've always wanted to meet you.
It was just a beautiful thing, and we looked for the spatulas, or whatever they call the blood
coming out of the hands there.
but that really didn't work.
Unfortunately, he didn't have that job there.
But yes, I did see Bob in Helsinki,
and he looked fine and divine up there in that newspaper,
and I couldn't steal it.
I tried, I tried, but I just couldn't steal it.
No amount of vodka would wrench it out of that potential subgenius's hands.
And what vodka did they have up there?
Dear friends, I don't know if you've ever been to Helsinki, Finland.
It's about eight time zones away and kind of chilly all year.
Definitely not like Texas at all.
I was there just a few weeks ago,
and it was about zero degrees up there,
and it was mighty chilly.
But their vodka comes in beer bottles,
and it comes by the six-pack,
and you drink it ice cold,
and it's a lot stronger than the vodka they have around here.
And praise Bob, I wasn't able to drink a whole six-pack of it,
I must admit.
Sorry, I do have my Achilles heel there.
Well, you know what?
I had five. It was close.
Well, you can get practice for those European beverages.
I noticed in the convenience stores around here,
they're selling beer-wine gas now.
The generic, you can put it in your car as oil or gas.
That's right.
It works quite well.
That's what we use on our tour bus, as a matter of fact.
And if you drink it, you don't need to eat.
No.
No, well, and after you've drank one bottle,
you won't want to drink another.
You won't be able to ever eat again,
because your entire insides will get burned right out.
Now, that stuff is really, really just fine, fine stuff.
And I've been waiting for them to export that,
because, you know, Reverend Stan,
when I was in London a couple of weeks ago,
you know, Thunderbird is now the wine of choice over there.
It is considered, and anybody that doesn't believe me,
I'll pay you the airfare to go over there and check it out.
What's the word?
It was unbelievable.
I went into this ABC office,
and I had a liquor store license over there,
a liquor store in American,
and there was right on the door,
as I walked in, this giant ad,
a big six-by-six poster for Thunderbird,
and it had a man and wife there,
and a, well, actually, they had the fake wedding rings on.
America's fine aperitif wine.
That's what it was.
Served extremely cold.
People wearing tuxedos and fine evening dresses,
sitting there sipping it,
and they had it advertised as a fine aperitif,
goes with all foods.
Yeah, like what?
Sterno and French bread?
Well, if they can sell Thunderbird wine in England
as a fine after-dinner aperitif in fancy restaurants,
then I don't see why the Church of the Subgenius
doesn't go over there a little better.
Yeah, really, especially with the beer gas wine cooler there.
Yeah, that comes free with the book, friends.
Well?
Oh, well, winos are classy everywhere, you know.
You have to travel.
You have to travel in the right circles.
The real religion is out there on the street.
Those boys with those green bottles,
they're feeling good,
and that's what religion's supposed to be.
They have slack.
You know?
They do have slack.
Well, but...
Until they run out of money the next morning
and have to walk up to me like they got it earlier today and...
You know, one thing I'm ashamed of...
...ask for a cup of coffee money.
I'm totally ashamed of the fact that Thunderbird and Night Train
have now gone up in price, and it's now...
I saw it in Houston yesterday for $2.69 a quart, which...
$2.69 for Mad Dog?
What's the point?
Unbelievable.
I remember when it was $30 twice, you know.
I realize I'm aging myself here.
Of course, dear friends, I was born back in the...
the...
the...
the...
the...
the...
the...

the...
the...
the...
the...
the...
the...
the...
the...
the...
the...
the...
the...
the...


the...
the...
the...
the...
the...


the...

the...
Not to mention the prehistoric women.
Ooh, that's another story entirely.
And Pope Sissouli can probably tell us about that.
But, unfortunately, I've got two more carts to play.
So...
Yeah!
I thought I had two more carts to play.
Well, maybe we ought to hear about these prehistoric women.
It's a good thing they gave me two.
There we go.
If you love jazz, tune in Thursday nights
from 9 a.m. to 10 p.m.
to 11 p.m. for Soul Soothing Jazz.
Hi, I'm Patrice Carey.
Along with Ron Lindsey and Edwin Bell,
we bring you Soul Soothing Jazz Thursdays from 9 to 11.
We take you on a jazz excursion as you'll hear nowhere else.
We bring it to you smooth and mellow
and soft and warm.
We'll be right back.
I am a soft genius.
And by that bet you in touch with forces greater than man.
My power wasn't given to me in exchange for prayer or meditation.
I paid for it in cold, hard American dollars.
Salvation you get for free is worth just that.
Nothing you quit.
Yeah.
The conspiracy.
The conspiracy sees to that
but a very important element of your soul
and here's to those otherwise worthless greenbacks
that Bob needs in order to pursue his plan
for world domination.
I say, Bob
guides my hand in all things
and pays me off in pure slack.
So I say to you whips,
you fools,
you dupes,
you pigs,
give me your money.
You won't need it in the future.
The future offers you not but destruction.
You know what I mean?
I mean,
I dare you to kill me.
I am a soft genius.
That's all I need to be.
I'm one of the good guys.
My cards shall prevail.
Let out the crazy man inside you.
He knows what's what.
Smile when you call me a fanatic.
Or you say,
me, primate.
Me, overman.
You think I'm dumb,
but you are blind to the conspiracy that runs your life.
And you have your geniuses running things for you
when you think they're going to make things safe and simple and easy
and all that freeze-dried conmedia-ful.
Well, I'm a...
I'm a soft genius.
And I'm going to make things safe and simple and easy for me
and the entire soft genius race.
Even if it means wiping out your sick society in total
with no more sentiment involved in swatting the fly.
All this so we might survive the end times.
You know why?
Because I am,
I am,
I am,
I am,
a soft genius.
I say,
Bob,
you blow-dried white wine-zipping designer jean-clad French film-watching walkman-toting hip-wimps.
You house-coated inquirer-reading trailer-and-camp-ball-shopping-hair-curl-motor-heads-cock-holsters.
All you dupes.
The corporate big-money-oil-exploder-tree-killing-land-raping-food-freezing-desk-warming-trilateralist-establishmentarian-vote-hunting-backstabbing-poverty-spreading-bomb-wielding-merang-headed.
Pencil-necked,
eraser-headed politicos.
Kill the conspiracy!
Kill them and eat them!
Who do you think you are?
What do you think you're doing?
Do you think you got it good?
Well,
dispose of those illusions!
Dispose of them all right now!
Because on July 5th, 1998,
at 7.30 in the morning,
you shall be judged!
Yes, indeed,
I tell you,
Zach Kibar,
you shall be judged!
And not by some jury of your peers,
but by an axe cold,
calculating,
alien race,
with moral standards radically different from your own!
If you don't follow Bob,
you won't escape their scrutiny!
If you are not a made-up subgenius,
you just aren't good enough!
You will fly,
while we will party!
Give me another beer, Zach Kibar!
Give me another nice pink, pink bottle of Thunderclap!


I'm gonna get down and do it right here, nasty and dirty!
You know why, Daddy?
You know why?
Because I am a subgenius!
That's right!
I drive my own car and I ride my own ticket!
There is such a thing as free lunch,
and I'm gonna eat it, Daddy!
Because you know why?
I am, I am, I am,
I am a subgenius!
Or kill me.
Oh, I wouldn't be surprised if that very thing happened,
uh, Dr. Duncan.
You know, there's probably those who would love to do it.
There probably are, you know, I wouldn't blame them in the least.
And some mornings, dear friends, I think that it's me I should just kill.
I wish we could tell them where they could go and kill you this week while you're in town,
but I guess we'd best not.
Well, it's Rico's Rhythm Room down off of I-45, just about eight miles south of here,
and you can see the Broad Street Carpet Munchers down there,
and if you're young and willing, then we're old and swilling,
and we'll be taking the job.
But you know, dear friends, while I have you here,
and speaking to you from here in the beautiful studios of K-N-O-N here in Dallas, Texas,
I really have to give you my own personal endorsement.
My personal life story.
You know, friends, years ago, I was confused.
I didn't know which way I was going except for the bottom of the bottle.
But then, dear friends, I met Bob,
and all of a sudden, that bottle was turned upright and right down my throat.
Yes, dear friends, you know, Bob came to me one day,
and he said, you know, if you send me $20,
I guarantee that within a good year or so, you will never have to work again.
You can have a whole life of slack.
Yes, money will be falling at your feet.
Women will be coming up and tying up your toenails
and just having a good old time there.
Yes, indeed, and dear friends, you know, I sent that $20 in,
and you know, guarantee that I am standing right here in Dallas, Texas,
two years to that day, I had slack.
And to this day, dear friends, I still have slack.
I don't work, and I have about $400 just sitting in my pocket right now
and a couple of other thousand just back in my hotel.
Five bank accounts, two Swiss chalets,
and wines, wine.
Women's and songs everywhere all over the globe.
I've spun this whole globe 4,000 times, and I ain't even stopped yet.
I'm going to be spinning for a lot more longer.
So I want you out there not to be a Bobby.
No, no, I want you to get down, get down in that checkbook,
get down with that thing and...
Yeah, and send money to KNON.
Right here in Dallas, Texas, and I don't know what the address is,
but of course, this is not an on-air solicitation.
It's not an on-air solicitation for the Church of the Subgenius.
No, no, dear friends, you know where you can find that out.
You know how you can find out about...
We only have about four minutes.
I need to tell them where to find that out.
About post office box 140306.
In Dallas, Texas, 75214.
Or we have a small, not a major subgenius revival,
probably just be me out there, Reverend Ivan Stang.
But this Friday night at 10 o'clock
at the Sheraton downtown in Live Oak.
And what building is it in?
The Southland, yeah, the Southland building.
Uh, my friend, Subgenius D. Vival.
Now, I want y'all to stay tuned for Robert Wisdom's show,
American Music Party.
And I was fixing to play your tune,
the one last drop tune.
Ah, yes.
But instead, I think I'm going to go to,
uh, the Suede Cowboys or the, uh,
Swinging Erudites doing Stand By Your Man.
Ah, yes, Swinging Erudites.
Yep, we'll get in.
Not to be confused with the Swinging Love Corpses.
That will be settled out of court.
Praise Cleve.
Thank you, friends, for letting me take up your time
and take up your mind and kick your behind.
Sometimes it's hard to be a woman.
Oh, giving all your love to just one man.
You'll have a bad time.
And we'll have a good time.
Doing things that we don't all understand.
But if you love him, be proud of him.
I guess the next line is try to do the things that he understands.
Very nice.
Cause if you love him,
I'll be proud of him.
Cause after all, he's just a man.
Everybody!
Stand by your man.
Give him to a hard-to-clink dude.
And something warm to come to.
The dicks!
The ducks are cold and moldy.
Stand by your man.
And tell the world you love him.
Keep giving all the love you can.
Sing, you animals!
Stand by your man.
Play it out, boys!
He knows that you won't want it.
Can you come play a lullaby with him,
Hey?
由ю
from the old dojo on the 80's!
And tell the world we love it
And give it all that we can
We were counting on you
We were counting on you
We were counting on you
We were counting on you
We were counting on you
We were counting on you
We were counting on you
We were counting on you
We were counting on you
We were counting on you
We were counting on you
We were counting on you
We were counting on you
We were counting on you
We were counting on you
We were counting on you
We were counting on you
We were counting on you
We were counting on you
We were counting on you
We were counting on you
We were counting on you
We were counting on you
We were counting on you
We were counting on you
You talked about me
i just get driven while intoxicated, does that count?
y- why do they have the coffey mug on the truck?
do they know we had these plastic cigarette filters in the coffee again to get that extra buzz?
So you can drink more.
Yeah.
I gotta get out of this bus lane.
Yeah. Texas exempt.
Exempt from brains, I think.
Lick of beer wine.
Oh yeah.
And probably bail bonds too.
Yep.
That's the jet that you get at the courthouse right there.
One of them.
It's one of the stops you have to make when you're bailing your friend out of jail.
You gotta drive back and forth between about five and ten miles.
And get this incredible stupid run around.
But since I don't hang around with Dr. X anymore.
It hasn't happened in a long time.
I haven't had to do that for a while.
Probably just as well.
Eats up a lot of gas.
He hadn't changed.
Oh, finally Monty called the other day.
Just to get Buck's phone number.
Strangely enough.
I don't know why.
I guess he wanted the Batmobile for something.
And you know you could tell he was drunk.


He started into a story about meeting Bob Stevens at the studios.
And Bob was still an asshole.
Unlike Monty.
Then Monty asked me for Buck's number.
Then Monty did an exact replay.
30 seconds after finishing it already.
Of the meeting Bob Stevens again.
As if he hadn't said it.
And then he dropped the phone.
And it was about a minute before he could pick it up again.
Now I thought.
Some things just don't change.
Yeah, really.
Some people can't handle it.
I thought I had a few cocktails too many in my lifetime.
But uh.
Well of course being a Maltafarian.
I handle those things a lot better.
Yeah, right.
Your genes are set up for it.
Yeah, if I don't have that quart of tequila every night.
Then it fucks up.
The Irish genes would work against you.
But the subgenius Yeti genes.
Would work for you.
Yeah, yeah.
That's why I don't vomit as much as I should.
Bob genes keep it intact.
Hello ladies.
The secretaries down here look great.
They have to wear like an inch of pancake makeup.
So no blemish shows.
They have to look like Playboy models.
Yeah, right.
And they have to get out of here before dark.
Yeah, well I can't blame them on that.
Because that's when people like you and I come out.
Not to mention Philo and Sterno.
It's uh.
Well it's nice to be staying in a hotel right in historic Dealey Plaza convention site.
Yeah, maybe you'll see the ghost.
Oh, I'll be looking.
For the many reasons you're looking for.






The many ghosts.
All the witnesses too.
Sometimes there's a whole crowd of ghosts out there.
There's a preacher that walks back and forth going.
God is in his holy temple.
Earthly thoughts be silent now.
Ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha.
I love those ghosts.
That preacher in Poltergeist 2 is Sandy and I's new hero.
I haven't seen that part.
The only part of that movie I've seen is where he eats the worm out of the bottle of mezcal.
The old preacher's great.
People that don't have families think it's a stupid movie because the family stuff is so corny.
But you get corny when you have a family.
Or else you don't have any instincts and you blow it off.
But my instincts talk!
I'm going to the Hyatt!
Oh, ugh.
It's starting to look like the neighborhood here.
Ha ha.
Ugh.
Staying at the beautiful Bradford Plaza.
No, no, they couldn't put us in the Hyatt.
No, no, no.
Yeah, that was for Tom Petty and his wife.
Yeah.
Where'd they put them?
Probably in the Hyatt.
Big time.
Big, big time.
Well, we've had our share of good hotels.
We don't have to stay at Motel 6 anymore.
This isn't too bad.
Plus, you guys get the dregs of the groupies, which, you know, lead to more adventures.
More adventures, definitely.
More dregs.
Groupie dregs.
Well, I went to fuck Tom Petty, but I ended up with the Del Fuego's hired keyboardist.
And he started, right when he was about to come, he suddenly started screaming strange words and incantations.
And then when he did come, it was buckets and buckets of weird green stuff.
Came on my ears.
Seeming to have a life of its own.
Tried to eat its way deeper inside me.
I think it's getting near to my brain now.
Oh, yeah.
My cervix is totally destroyed.
Toxic Avenger 2.
Yeah, that's...
Cleave Toxic Avenger.
Donkey.
Have to keep a six pack on hand for them afterwards for a chaser.
Oh, there it is. The Bradford.
You know, I didn't even know that hotel existed.
Well, I don't know.
It may not.
It's not very, I mean, it's pretty nondescript.
Yeah.
It's just a box.
Building across the street from me is Union Station, which is like a rich bar, but it's full of drunken reporters from the newspapers right in the TV station.
Oh, yeah, right.
KZOO is right across from there, more or less.
Oh, I'm gonna have to, uh, I thought I'd go over there in a little while, but I have a couple of margaritas before, uh...
before the show.
A few shots of mezcal, maybe the worm.
Hey, there's my new bus.
See that big blue thing over there?
Alright, man!
It's my new home.
Boy, and you guys, I mean, it hasn't even been destroyed yet.
No. Well, that's because I haven't been on it yet.
It doesn't even smell bad yet, right?
Oh, I'm sure it's a little funky.
Alright.
Yeah, see, there's the Dallas Morning News.
The Fever Club!
Yeah.
Alright, I'm sure. I'm sure they're looking for it. Yeah, I'll be there when I get there.
I'll be there later.
There's parking and a bunch of little things.
Yeah.
I guess I better...
Alright, well, Philo and Sterno, I guess I'll, uh,
see you guys the next time you don't
fuck up.
You dumbasses!
I'll shut you off for a minute. I'll catch you on a flip-flop.
Oh, shit.
Well, shit, man, I hate to
say goodbye to Cleave. He's such a
uh, a funny
guy.
You know, for such an
evil, degenerate man,
he's just so, um,
nice!
You know?
I've never seen him
get pissed off.
Of course, uh,
uh,
of course, you never know.
We could always try it.
