Oh, not necessarily beautiful, but you take turns.
Not necessarily stunning, but beautiful.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
Oh, what you just heard, dear friends, that was a compliment.
Actually, I've got a lot more of that.
A friend of mine sent me a tape that's every James Brown scream edited together in one tape.
I've got to imagine that.
Yeah, okay, here.
I've got to do that.
Let me see.
It's at hand, all queued up.
This is it, friends.
This is every James Brown scream from every James Brown record ever put together all at once.
When you push your cat eyes.
Man, that's not it.
That ain't it.
No, it's on side two.
Here it is.
Here it is.
Yeah, this is it.
I can tell by the hiss.
It's coming up.
What you gonna play now?
Bobby?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
They can't go.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.

I don't know.
I don't know.
Is that wild or what?
Yes, and praise Bob.
This is wild.
Gando here at 90.9 FM
with every screen that James Brown ever had.
Yeah.
Bob, love you.
Woo!
Yeah.
Bob, love you.
Woo!
Yeah.
Bob, love you.
Woo!
4.30 in the morning, time for show.
Live show for you now.
...itself as an infant.
How come always scary on show,
says Doug Smith of Dallas, Texas?
Well, it's actually been some time
since Gary has been on the show, Doug.
We've tried to get him to come in,
but he always has to go out smurfing
through the solar system on his windsurfboard.
His solar windsurfer is a 40-foot long...
Hey, strap in.
...sail...
...show...
...was about to take off.
...to about two and a half miles in wind.
...magnetic power.
Bob?
Oh, my God, the pilot's dead.
He's been dead for over ten years.
The pilot and the pilot's boy.
They both were coming fast.
Dear God in heaven,
it was a joy that dead men could not blast.
Aboard to the...
Mm-hmm.
I saw...
Hey, Hal, wake up.
I heard his voice.
What?
Come on.
Okay, we're going to take off in a little while,
so you want to read the paper?
He singeth loud his godly hymn,
the music he makes in the wood.
Yes, Puzzle F. Good lives in that wood.
This is K-N-O-N,
90.9 Dallas, Texas.
This is K-N-O-N,
90.9 Dallas, Texas.
That's 90.9 F-N-O-N.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Gosh.
Welcome.
Welcome.
Welcome.

The Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenus.
The Subgenius Hour of Slack that you are about to listen to
is specially designed only to be played on radio station
and only in the city of
Welcome, dear friends, to the subgenius hour of slark.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Oh, yes, it's scary on the show again tonight.
It's scary because I'm not so well prepared.
The conspiracy got me again.
But that's okay, folks.
Because, as it says in...
Isaiah 28, 7, 8...
The priest and the prophet have erred through strong drink.
They are swallowed up with wine.
They are out of the way through strong drink.
They err in vision.
They stumble in judgment.
For all tables are full of vomit and filthiness.
And there is no place clean.
Yes.
Shut that baby up in there.
Babies, they get into all the subgenius shows.
Not just in Texas.
Anyway, folks, we're still on the subject this week.
We're continuing our sermon on...
Well, this is our anti-drug show.
Of course, we're fairly selective about which...
To be anti with.
But, you know, the official church position on drugs, friends,
is that they don't show you a real world.
They don't expand your mind.
They only get you high.
And if you think you experienced a mystical state on, say, OLSD,
you were wrong.
You were merely drunk as a lord, dear friend.
So we're doing everything in our power to put a stop
to the recent false subgenius fad of gut blowout parties.
There went one just then.
These reckless kids are risking their souls, friends,
taking these green joyjackers and bowel lifters and screamers and laughters
and floppers and floaters and all those other unsanctified street drugs.
This is false slack, friends.
There's only one way to do it.
There's only one way to do it.
There's only one way to do it.
There's only one mind rel...
Ooh!
There goes...
There's a gut blowout party, friends.
Listen to that in the background.
That was the latest doc stock.
It's the doctors preparing the prescriptions.
There's only one of these mind relinquishing substances
that you should even consider putting the gobble on, dear friends,
and that's the sacred Tibetan herb, haba-frop-zipulops,
which is not a drug.
Now, you know, you don't have to take the frop.
You can quit if you want to go sane,
if you want to keep your so-called senses,
but, you know, how can we know the goddess of heaven seen on this slide
lest we have, for comparison, vomited into the porcelain bowls of hell?
For, although the great inebriant of Tibet provides only an illusory vision of time control,
yet such a glimpse fortifies the subgenius,
and he follows the taste of that artificial life.
He is a daintless explorer of fake horizons,
for, of all the sacraments,
frop does not wear off.
We like you and should ignore you,
but instead,
we're going to take you to the temple.
Oh, God, it hurts.
My headaches come back.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!

If these headaches keep up,
fuck, I'll go down in the medicine fish hole.
I'll go in the medicine fish hole if I have to.
Oh.
Do you have any aspirin?
There can be no such thing as a safe pleasure drug.
Uh, even if it had no harmful physical side effects,
it still would have, uh, it would still be overused
by some people who cannot get pleasure in other ways.
That's what's so sad.
Oh, I know smoking cigarettes cause cancer, but I can't stop.
But if them same folks told you smoking cigarettes in your office,
your automobile would corrode your engine,
it would be no more smoking in the car.
Now, that's kind of sad.
Because they've manipulated us
to the extent that these educational institutions
ain't nothing but tricks.
I don't know you.
Why?
Well, I didn't tell you this before, but he's an egg salad addict.
You mean he's hooked on it?
He's hooked. He's got a chicken on his back.
Yeah, well, too bad for him.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
As far back as educated men have recorded their history,
veils have been lowered to disclose a vast new reality,
rents in the fabric of man's awareness.
And somewhere in the endless search of the curious mind
lies the next vision, the next key to his infinite capacity.
There's reason to believe that incessant stimulation
of the reward or pleasure centers of the brain
will lead to a resetting of the pleasure threshold
so that ordinary enjoyable things no longer stimulate that area,
or if they do, they aren't effective,
and one can't enjoy ordinary life
so that all one has left are the chemicals.
If we keep using drugs the way they are,
we're going to go down the chemical dumper.
Well, you look puzzled, Peter.
Other than you're still plain Peter Wayne.
But don't worry.
It'll all be crystal clear as soon as you cross the...
Consciousness expanding.
Properly induced C.E. will give a subject full awareness
of capabilities never known before.
And doses have been somewhat shorter for me the last time or two.
If you can hear me now,
you'd better listen to my warning.
Warning, warning...
Well, I went on down to my girlfriend's shack
to see how they did hang.
And I'm sure you've heard of the C.E.

When I got there, her cupboard was bare.
I couldn't ignite a thing.
There was no shard, no bone, no twig.
I brought my comic book collection.
What's about this big, yeah?
Frop without slack is like slack without frop.
But where the hell else am I going to cop?
I found my dog food collection about five o'clock.
But all that food was stale.
Thought I'd call that rip-off schmuck.
Forgot he was in jail.
Ended up killing a porcupine
just to see if I could smoke his rhyme.
Oh, frop without slack is like slack without frop.
But where the hell else am I going to cop?
Yeah, frop without slack is like slack without frop.
But where the hell else am I going to cop?
I don't know what I am going to do.
I just know that this here trip ain't through.
Oh, frop without slack is like slack without frop.
But where the hell else am I going to cop?
Oh, frop without slack is like slack without frop.
But where the hell else am I going to cop?
Yeah, frop without slack is like slack without frop.
But where the hell else am I going to cop?
Oh, stay away from that.
Frop without slack is like slack without frop.
But where the hell else am I going to cop?
No way.
This is Doug Smith, radio operator.
I want to bring you a piece of that green cheese for sure.
It's going to be Russell Crowe, WBD Rivera back in the 80's women and a head Continuing the
S http://www.b-l-j.支持-my-lifeaccuracy.csh
Frop without slack, dear friends.
The users of drugs, drugs dear friends, on the other hand are placing themselves in grave danger.
They can never get as truly fried as they want to be.
They got to take one on top of the other.
Sometimes they take so many that when they forget one or two, they later get mad at themselves for it.
So to keep mentally levitating, they always need more.
Sooner or later, they burn out and become too slacked to react.
As they say, the brain tunnels through which they once excavated and blasted with such drunken zeal begin to cave in.
The abuser wakes up one day impaired, his muscles feel ravaged, his nerves nullified.
There is a hollowness inside, but a hot hollowness.
And discomfort mounts to panic as he realizes
he's not alone.
He's annihilated one brain cell too many.
His teeth grind, his cells shrivel, yet seem to scream for more when there is none.
His skin exudes bitter greases from every pore as if he were getting a long overdue oil change.
Everything's clammy and numb to the touch.
His eternal itch gasps and convulses with the amputation nausea of something missing.
The electric blue?
The blue of his brain becomes tacky and stiffens.
The snot-like shock fluid in which the brain once cozily floated has drained away and the dried husk of grey matter slams against the rough cranial walls with every movement of the head.
The gyroscopes inside the ears' balance tubes wobble crazily and the world is no end up.
The floor lurches and shifts its steepness and changes its slant right under his feet.
If he lays down, he suffers the slow ovals, the bed seeming to spin very slowly end over end through space.
He goes to the bathroom to expel the bad water, but his urine smells burnt and leaks out in a weak radioactive dribble.
He looks in the mirror.
His skin is Krishna blue in pallor and he worries that the quiet interior shattering noises he hears are the sounds of his blood crystallizing.
His heart starts to dry hump the back of his throat in hysteria, for he knows that to die on drugs is to doom his soul to eternal earthbound wandering in a purgatory where the liquor stores are all closed.
If the nental eye is intoxicated, the very soul is intoxicated, when the body dies, it doesn't know it's dead and so never heads for heaven.
Laying on the floor, glowing feebly in the dark,
the wretch moans out the drug user's lament.
I can't decipher anything.
Put me where you want me.
Give me rubber blankets.
Eventually his cohorts show up and give him succor in the form of more and the wheel starts rolling again.
The conspiracy encourages blatantly.
A useless, empty pattern of social drug abuse in its slaves.
The anti-reality sleep drugs like alcohol and downers are legal pretty much while the wake up drugs are only available.
You can tell which ones they'd rather you take.
But dear friends, we're not just talking about all that stuff tonight.
It's also coming up near Halloween.
So we got a sort of a monster and drugs show.
That's right, drug monsters and I've got for you this little moment of Elvira herself talking about Bob.
Actually, we ought to go to this cart.
We'll play the cart first.
When we come back.
Elvira for Bob.
K-N-O-N-I-F-M
Man, that's right.
In Dallas, Fort Worth, the only station with real rock and roll music is K-N-O-N-9.9-F-M.
The voice of the people, the station that knows no equal.
Monday night, 7 till 9 p.m.
We got it.
We got Elmo, Latex and Kelly doing From the Hip.
Tuesday night, 7 till 9 p.m.
We got Tim Hibbs, Brave New Radio at 11 to midnight on Tuesdays.
We got Jeff Webb with music from the Vital Hour, a different artist spotlight every week.
Wednesday night, 7 till 9 p.m.
Charlie Dutton, Park and Owl with Who Cares?
And Wednesday night, 11 p.m. till 2 a.m.
It's Jeff Bliles with Life is Hard.
Thursday night, 7 till 9 p.m.
Jeff Webb again with Offbeat Music.
Friday night, 7 till 9 p.m.
We got Kenny and Paul with Underground.
And 1 to 4 a.m. late Friday night.
We got Audrey and Anatomic with Radio Lobotomy.
Saturday afternoon, 2 till 5 p.m.
We got Brad Sigler doing Dig That Groove.
Saturday night, 9 to midnight.
We got Shaggy's Pajama Party.
And Saturday midnight till 4 a.m.
The best in heavy metal and hardcore punk is Roddy Moore's Harsh Realm.
That's right, right here.
Can't win.
94.9 FM is the only place in Dallas-Fort Worth for the real thing.
Rock and roll.
KNON, the only station on planet Earth.
And here, just as promised, is Reverend Ann Leonard.
I mean, Elvira.
Yes, whoo-ree, Bob. It's little old me, Bob.
That gal with the set that you won't soon forget.
And I ain't talking about your basic trinitron.
That gal with the set you won't soon forget.
Elvira, Mistress of the Dark.
And welcome to another edition of...
But it's a subgenre greater than this three-hour effect.
With these old divans down there.
But, uh, let me see.
If my daddy was a shabby and my mammy was a shammy,
I wonder if I'll end up becoming something weird.
You won't become one of us.
I won't? Oh, gee.
But I wanted to, Vinnie.
I've never felt like I belonged in my life.
I mean, I've always been on the outside looking in.
Just, just the big nose pressed up against the window of life.
You wanna know something?
I was even turned down for membership in the Book of the Month Club.
Mom.
It is this control of the circuitry,
this ability to send phantom signals to real bodies through their remembered images,
this ability to send phantom signals to real bodies through their remembered images,
this ability to send phantom signals to real bodies through their remembered images,
there's a pin stuck in a doll that gives hell its power on Earth.
hell its power on Earth.
Hell is not a place,
Hell is not a place,
but a system for disrupting the plans of God.
She thinks you can cure the world by kindness and rules,
but it's too small.
The lord's prayer on a pinhead.
Some make rules, some obey,
but the rules are for the fools is what I say.
That's what makes me sick.
I wear the wrong clothes.
I see the wrong things.
You know I can't dance, but my feet are much too wide.
You think you set the trends.
You wear your head to stripes.
Your clothes are out of sight.
Your house is modern, really kitsch.
You got some macho in your way, young bitch.
I see them going to work.
I see them doing sweet.
I see them on TV.
I see them laughing dry.
I'm on the outside.
I'm on the outside.
I'm on the outside.
Look around you.
Look all around you.
The rude clerks in stores that hate their job and take it out on you.
The thing about the normals is that they conceptualize themselves to be hot sinus effluvia on silver platters,
but in reality reveal themselves to be cold mucus incrustation on a paper plate.
Oh, Will, what are you going to do?
If I ain't being rejected, I'm being ejected.
All right?
Let's see that finger of yours, a quiver, and ready to punch that eject button.
Well, before you do, let me tell you about...
Bob?
We shall retrieve their short-circuited carcasses and prepare them for permanent dysfunction.
All right, let's do it.
Activate interlock.
Dynatherms connected.
Infracells up.
Mega thrusters are go.
Let's go.
Voltron Force.
7-D ec athletic th报 do dat capacity.
If anyone dies while you are kept in your fall-out room, move your body to another room
in the h Yes,
the last day of my residence.
geben den.
Tell your body your address and cover in your Level S fiberglass, sheet or blanket.
Dark for me and light el Sրibto Bly to be Active Chongunorewupe Dimwularnos
However, you will not в
the house before dispatch,
for more than five days.
And if it is safe to go outside,
then you should bury the body for the time being in a trench
or cover it with earth and mark the spot of the burial.
In these early stages, the symptoms of radiation sickness
and the symptoms of panic are identical.
Oh, my God.
What a horrible death.
It won't kill him. It couldn't.
What do you mean? It's got to kill him, Professor.
The other night at the reactor.
Didn't you sense it? The beast has a purpose.
Thirty years ago, Godzilla appeared for the first time.
Before that, he was only a legend.
Godzilla is a warning. A warning to every one of us.
When mankind falls into conflict with nature, monsters are born.
I'm just trying to...
send him home.
Attention.
Attention.
Nuclear attack warning. Condition red.
Detonation 25 minutes.
Take emergency precautions.
Professor.
Attention.
All personnel.
Nature has a way sometimes of reminding man of just how small he is.
She occasionally throws up the terrible offsprings of our pride and carelessness
to remind us of how puny we really are in the face of a tornado,
an earthquake,
or a Godzilla.
The reckless ambitions of man are often dwarfed
by their own.
They are dangerous consequences.
For now, Godzilla, that strangely innocent and tragic monster, has gone to Earth.
Whether he returns or not, or is never again seen by human eyes, the things he has taught
us remain.
The End

The End
The End



monster club if we do not boast amongst our membership a single member of the human race
what can he do in the past 60 years humes have exterminated over 150 million of their own kind
no effort has been spared to reach this astronomical figure and the methods that
they have used must demand our unstinted admiration you know humes began with certain
very serious disadvantages but these they overcame with wonderful ingenuity not having a fang or a
claw or even a whistle worth talking about they invented guns and tanks and bombs and airplanes
and extermination camps and poison gas and daggers and swords and bayonets and
booby traps and atomic bombs and flying missiles submarines warships aircraft carriers and motor
cars they have even perfected a process whereby they can spread a lethal disease on any part of
this planet not to say anything about nuclear power oh during their short history you know
humes have subjected other humes to death by
burning hanging decapitation strangulation electrocution shooting drowning crushing wrecking
disemboweling and other methods far far too revolting for the delicate stomachs of this
august descent i never realized he was so talented we don't like to boast i
going to try today
all right
and the immediately the
just now
we're douche tied up
i'm going to just breath in
shong
gal
throw
a

a
one
Are you interested in the strange and the unusual?
Are you curious by the baffling and the bizarre?
If so, you will tune in Thursdays at midnight until 2 a.m. for Radio Soiree.
All right, allow me to introduce myself.
I am the Martian Neon Creature, your masterful controller for those two hours which you cannot escape.
And you will listen to Radio Soiree Thursdays at midnight until 2 a.m.
or come under the sudden threat of instant vaporization.
You have been warned.
When you leave this room, the effect will continue.
Inside of your own mind.
Inside of your own soul.
Go, go, go, go.
Perhaps the stew bums understand the sacrament of the wine best.
Best?

It's outside the church, in the street, that one truly feels the touch.
They're drinking the real blood of Jesus, friends, or the blood of Bob or whoever,
out of those green Thunderbird bottles.
Bob was not beaten up in vain.
His blood became the muscatel, the mad dog, the night train that those boys ride.
It's supposed to...
It...
It...
It...

It does what religion is supposed to do.
It makes them feel so good.
Ah, yes.
It is the pink, suburban, respectable alcoholic who has no excuse and, verily, no hope.
Well, perhaps there is one thing.
There is one thing that can bring them from their closet of opiated, self-hating secrecy.
Perhaps if they turned to the Frop Lords of Tibet.
Yes, we most pious arch-popes condone violently the most frequent possible indulgence unto
intoxication and beyond of the revered and despised grief-easer of the mountains, the
warrior against pain, the healing herb.
Habifrop.
Zipulops.
Whether taken as smoked liquid food or as Bob's pills, trademark, it, above all the
other medicinal substances, spells relief.
From the hearty young stalks protruding from the Himalayan snow to the white frop dust that
settles on the rim of Bob's pipe.
It's the closest thing to the untainted essence of Odin on Earth.
How else can we regard that which produces in the devoted user?
Such superhuman clarity of insight?
Such sensory hyper-anesthesia?
Such total loss of judgment which yet is profound wisdom?
Such placid ecstasy and blessed repose which in short is the only shortcut to the realization
of the Dob's state.
The Exists planted our beloved Frop on Earth near the close of the age of dinosaurs.
Bob tells us it may well be Jehovah One's main instrument for evolution on this planet,
having very possibly been the device which brought down the great reptiles, allowing
us mammals to take their place as large destroyers.
And yet, also, Frop is that which will, with Bob's guidance, likewise complete the usurpation
as dominant species of the humans by the subgenius hordes.
Frop's detractors.
Mostly alcoholics.
And people who are not.
Potheads.
Scream that it is a physically addictive vampire root from whose siren embrace no man can tug
free.
We shout, Hallelujah!
Praise Bob, of course it is.
And is the Lord himself one bit less habit-forming?
Habit Frop Zipulops teaches us ultimately that all is one that up is down.
It allows us to converse with trees and to see prophetic and accurate visions of the
future in our shoes.
Our album covers in the strange reflections on our toasters.
An ascetic Frop master in Tibet or Dobbs Town can with diligent consumption finally lose
all interest in everything, achieving the paranurvanic state closest to Bob himself.
Accidental erasure, that plane on which the luck oceans are most effortlessly surfed and
by which the densely overgrown path of least-known.


The least resistance is trimmed for safe travel.
It virtually negates the curse of memory that stumbling block to perfection and it makes
this state as easily attainable to a distracted harried American as to a Tibetan llama or
Mexican Brujo.
Apart from all that-

Home Department journalists have agreedilen pro Mid-Tahea Martial Law.
House of Friends and brothers, P tenants in Pine Island, TKZ Jim cousins, and others serve
the lubSo that Jimismus, Tom S. Moore's mother ofеб
Nape fly over Warren divided sistema, that toutes lesbble.
What about Cohen's relationship to sentiment?

Everything is fine
You got your good things
I've got mine
In heaven
Everything is fine
In heaven
Everything is fine
In heaven
Everything is fine
You got your good things
I've got mine
Arrow inhibitor cells
My equilibrium
Destabilized
The young man, I was full of life and imagination and ideas
Now I know it's all just an illusion
And you, you think your mission is so very important
To me it means nothing
I really don't care if you win or lose
It's what our free society is founded on
You think they give a damn about their bills in Russia?
I said you think...
They give a damn about their bills in Russia
They don't pay bills in Russia, it's all free
Huh?
No, ain't no commie
You better not be, I don't want no commies in my car
No Christians either
A lot of people don't realize what's really going on
They view life as a bunch of unconnected incidents and things
They don't realize that theirs is like
A lattice of coincidence that lays on top of everything
Give me an example of that
I'll show you what I mean
Suppose you're thinking about a plate of shrimp
Suddenly somebody will say like plate or shrimp, or plate of shrimp
Out of the blue, no explanation
No point in looking for one either
It's all part of a cosmic unconsciousness
You eat a lot of acid, Miller?
Back in the hippie days?
Might give you another instance
You know the way everybody is into weirdness right now?
No...




Books in all the supermarkets about commuter triangles, UFOs, how the Mayans invented television, that kind of thing?
I don't read them books.
Well, the way I see it, it's exactly the same.
There ain't no difference between a flying saucer and a time machine.
People get so hung up on specifics, they miss out on seeing the whole thing.
Take South America, for example.
In South America, thousands of people go missing every year.
Nobody knows where they go.
It's just like disappear.
But if you think about it for a minute, you realize something.
There had to be a time when there was no people, right?
Yeah, I guess.
Well, where did all these people come from?
Hmm?
I'll tell you where.
The future.
Where did all these people disappear to?
Hmm?
The past.
That's right.
And how'd they get there?
Flying saucers.
Which are really...
Yeah, you got it.
Time machines.
I think a lot about this kind of stuff.
But that's the way religion is.
It's been a constant battle since the very beginning.
The first man to try to guess why he climbed out of the slime
was the first man to pick up a stick and hit his brother.
Offer void.
We've been programmed.
Offer void. We're prohibited.
This is the very beginning.
Our slack was taken away the moment we entered this world-weary treadmill.
And we've been running like little rats through a maze.
And the only way you can get away from that is to deprogram.
Edit your own memory.
Take those bad memories.
Take those horrible training regimens that you were subjected to as a youth.
Flush them down the toilet as you excremeditate.
Let me ask you.
Yes, sister.
Let me ask you.
Yes, sister.
Did you ever own a guinea pig?
I ate my guinea pigs.
I grew them and I ate them.
That's dick crazed, Bob.
They were food.
I'm a carnivore.
I can't help them right now.
My kids need slack poop.
Those are so difficult to live with.
Doctor, doctor, here.
You know, I'm a little bit scared.

I think I'm going to get my son.
How are you?
So, uh, I was walking, I was, I was walking down the beach.
Trying to get to my woody where I had my, had my son's coat and my buds was gold.
I was going to get high and get real drunk.
Lay in the sand.
With my beach buddy.
With my, my beach buddy.
I took, I took a side, I, I took a side of the beach.





of my eye, I saw the ultimate wave, the super wave. It was the most stoked out stud wave
in all reality. It was 900 feet tall. And on the backside of reality too, I saw a black
hole right in the middle of it. A vortex. I was ready to shoot through that black hole.
And my molecules rearranged. I'm gonna hang five as I shoot through the black hole of
the vortex of the super wave. The most god awful wave in reality. On the backside of
reality. The front side and the left and the right side.
Oh, two.
I was fixing to cut out.
And then.
And then.
A giant.
It was Whatchamacallit.
It was one of those Whatchamacallits.
It was like a vortex funnel sucking me down to the bottom of the ocean. I was getting
sucked down. And you know, as much as I hate to admit it, it felt pretty good. It felt
pretty good getting sucked down in that vortex wave all the way down to the bottom of the ocean.
But God, I hate to admit it. But God, I hate to admit it. Whew. It felt pretty good. But
I hate to admit it.
Moving on down on the backside of reality. My battle with my son. Riding the wave and stoking
on my fine thing.
I'm gonna get you.
And I'm gonna get you.
Moving on down to the backside of reality. Riding on my fine thing and stoking on my fine
thing.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Ooh.
I don't know where you are at.
I'm your son.
Mm-hmm.
Look!
I'm your son.
I am your son.
I am your child.








Moncho can really play the drums.
He was stuck down in this group thing.
He was laying down on the back side of reality on those tracks.
Now how about the song Backside of Reality?
Our audience here is very familiar with that song.
We play it every week.
It goes back to our acid days.
Back when we used to consume a lot of LSD.
The Swingin' Love Courses at one time was a hippie LSD band.
Yeah, we don't really like to brag about it.
We don't really advocate the use of magic quantities of LSD.
But I thought that you condoned contracted consciousness.
We condone contracted consciousness.
Yeah.
Expanded consciousness.
Well, so some of your music actually has been LSD influenced.
What is the similarity here?
I'm reminded of the 60s garage band.
Just like LSD.
Lollipop sugar donuts.
Mushroom mountains appearing from the sky.
Keep an eye on high doses of sugar.
And we called it LSD just to cut it in two.
And you would have visions.
What happened was this nebulous cloud.
Back side of reality.
This big old giant nebulous cloud would fly over.
You would actually drive the curl into the back, into the vortex.
Right.
Just like the mountain.
Oh, this is my favorite.
This is beautiful.
This is great break dance music.
I saw that when you had that whole football field full of break dancers.
You had the Australian trumps.
I saw that.
Crazy practically.
We had over 750 break dancers didn't work.
Breakdancers would start early, or I hope not.
But shooting was ridiculous.
Yes.
Des Iz
With frap,
Bob gives his most insanely courageous warriors, the Brotherhood of Bob, brief glimpses of the
before life, the pleasure dimension foretold by the prophet Janer. And it fortifies them in their
acts of terminal mercy. It steals the nerves and frees the wills of his chosen instruments of death
and eternal slack. Slack squad missionary Poonflang Damarung spoke lovingly of it in
Economicon 714 before his immortal last mission in a testimonial to his Lord Bob's ways.
Yes, Poonflang said, Bob shares of his own pipe with us before each foray into the belly of the
beast. It gives us the knowledge of our true will and how it is juxtaposed with Bob's. We all grip
each other by the shoulders and sidle together in a great circle as we chant together between
the holy dosages.
The dizzying frop fumes combine with the endless rhythmical repetitions to create a living vortex
power of unspeakable ecstasy. Kill, kill for the love of killing. Kill for the love of Kali. Kill,
kill for fun. Kill to be free. Kill like a man to make America great. While alcohol wantonly
destroys brain tissue, sloughing it off to be passed in the morning as the wasted dead ravages
of wine.
The frop does not kill brain cells, nay nay, but mutates them, causes them to multiply faster.
Each succeeding generation is of course stronger than those before it. Man made booze, Bob made
frop. Who do you trust?
Frop enables one to see with the eyes closed. This is known as the unblinking stare of the
over-lid.
Through it, one may pass through the gates of the frop lord into the frop city of the
soul.
Once the seeker has reached bardo 18 of the 18th hole of hanger 18 of Zombo Fropland, he
may think the same thought over and over and over and over and over and yet never care,
never feel boredom.
The frop entered through the forehead and exited through the upper back of the neck.
The possessing demon was exercised instantly and the president, if not his brain or the
governor's, was set free.
The frop is the only one who can be saved.
This, my friends, is frop.
But whether you're a frop head or not, the true subgenius forces the body to stand upright
where it can see further.
He shows authority over the drug fiend which houses the brain.
Our rightful place has been usurped by our own bodies and we want to see the man in charge.
And it's Bob!
Bob is the true mind storm, my friends.
The god of frop.
The godly lobe explosion in your skull.
Who needs dope?
You never come down from the high of Bob.
Bob is the drug, friends.
The conspiracy is the real drug that drugs you, that makes you want to go to sleep or
to kick ass for no reason.
Bob is the drug that makes you kick ass where it counts.
The drug of remembering who you are.
The drug that wakes you up.
The drug that makes you die.
The drug that makes you see or leaves you be.
Praise Bob!
Help me somebody.
She ain't got no legs.
My legs are on fire.
Pull the lever, down you go.
Copyright 1986.
Jane or Hyper, please.
Oh, yes, friends.
Well, this is Reverend Ivan Stang with the Church of the Subgenius.
Those of you who want to know more about the church can write to Bob.
That's right, Bob.













That P.O.
Box
1 40 306.
Dallas, Texas 75214.
Just writing for information.
You won't believe what you get because you don't know about our books.
Well, we don't know anything.
That's P.O.
Box 1 40 306 Dallas, Texas 75214 if you want to know just what we're playing and what
we're doing here.
And that is 205- Jersey, Ohio.

Well, this little ditty coming up here,
this is a song by the Dogmatics called
Why Must I Be a Teenager on Drugs?
Been a useless banana head all of my days.
Been my life in a drug and game cave.
Pick my head and eat all the bugs.
Why must I be a teenager on drugs?
Why must I be a teenager on drugs?
If I don't cut the shit, it's black and sick.
I'm gonna spend my life doing PCP.
Each night I hang around with you.
A bunch of drugs.
Why must I be a teenager on drugs?
My boss says next time I get thrown in jail,
I'll rob my daddy and got a total fail.
Each night I hang around with you.
I have four stars up above.
Why must I be a teenager on drugs?
Work in a party shop, can't wait to get paid.
Wanna get wasted, I wanna get laid.
Get all my gold, I'll drive to the cave.
Don't get no results, I'm gonna go wait.
I'm gonna get my money back.
I'm gonna get my money back.
I'm gonna get my money back.
Hey, let me tell you about my new coat.
X-line, mate.
Maybe two bucks.
These vicious junkies and...
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.

Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.

Bob loves you.


Bob loves you.

Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.

Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
God loves you.
And if you can just get your mind together
Then come on across to me
We'll hold hands and then we'll watch the sunrise
From the bottom of the sea
But first, are you experienced?
Or have you ever been experienced?
Well, I have
ligt's keep it tubes
Your eyes are cheers
And only your eyes listen
Well, I have
While I listen
Your olhos are
Your eyes are
I can see...
Here lipstick?

And you can just get to mind each other
And come along with me
No hand to watch the sunrise
From the bottom of the sea
But girl, girl, are you on the next field?
Well, have you ever been an explorer?
Well, have you ever been an explorer?
A light from the sky settled over them trees
It left this wire in my head that customized me
The wire in my head, it advises me
Better living through bio-circuitry
The wire in my head has found me new friends
We meet at the airport where the old freeway ends
And we lay down our lives for the power it sends
I got a wire in my head and so do my friends
The wire, a big business opportunity
The wire benefits me financially
The wire in my head gets me good deals
I drive a real solid car and I eat fancy meals
You can bet I'd kill any sucker who squeals
I got a wire in my head and I like how it feels
I got a wire for your head and I'd install it for free
Better living through surgery
I got a wire in my head
I got a wire in my head and I like how it feels
I got a wire in my head and I like how it feels
Squeal and you're dead
Squeal and you're dead
Squeal and you're dead
Squeal and you're dead

Squeal and you're dead
Squeal and you're dead
Squeal and you're dead

Oh yes dear friends that was Wire Head Conspiracy
by Reverend Buck Naked
and that's on Paris Records
Yes Paris Records presents
presents Made Up in Texas, Wirehead Conspiracy.
You can pick that one up here and there.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
You know, time is running out.
It's so sad that time has to run out on the hour of slack.
You only get that hour of slack a week, and it is a shame.
But Ron Lindsey will be up next with Soul Oldie, so stay tuned.
Now, I didn't get time this week to play part three of the subgenius, quote, anti-drug special, unquote, which is the incredible.
It's actually a replay of hour of slack number six.
We'll be playing the replay of the best section of hour of slack number six starring G. Gordon Gordon.
As we discuss the preparation and use of normal slack.
As a consciousness contraction device.
Oh, yes.
I was supposed to read.
Somebody's trying to get in down there.
So I was supposed to read a public service announcement about the showing of true stories.
David Byrne's movie.
But I was also instructed not to do slander and libel.
So I'd better not talk about David Byrne because I'm sure that's what it would turn into.
You can ask my good friend.
Puzzling evidence.
Just why?
But we won't go into that anymore.
So, friends, if you need to write to Bob to have your soul saved to get some slack.
Why?
That number.
Get that pen ready.
Write to Bob at P.O. Box 140306.
Dallas, Texas.
Not necessary.
Beautiful.
But you take to me.

Yeah.
I
love you.
.
