Like, drop, I'd love to test it back. Well, welcome to the Hour of Slack.
Praise Bob, Gold, and Connie's rack. Yes, welcome to the Hour of Slack.
Thank you and welcome to the Hour of Slack number 1,323.
Friends, in this particular episode, we'll pick up exactly where we left off last week.
Continuing a detailed discussion, minus the songs, of the Port-A-Potties, or chem toilets,
at Wisteria Campground Community in Southern Ohio, where the Church of the Sub-Gene was held
the 14th, actually the 16th, X-Day Drill.
Live participants on the Caffeinus Cafe stage, using equipment from Tarzan's radio station,
which I finally set back up in my home office,
include Dr. Howland Owl, Father Joe Mama, and yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang.
The discussion, recorded July 1st, 2011, meanders all over the place, and as I mentioned,
it begins with a fearlessly detailed discussion of the campground toilet facilities.
You know, for sissies, we could hold X-Day drills inside hotels, like a comic book convention,
but X-Day is meant to be a...
a little bit more than that.
A life-changing event, and the real-life experience of the endless struggle of man,
or rather, subgenius against nature, is critical to separating these subgenius drills from
any other mock-religion, fanboy, diddly-puss, nerd cons, making ours truly not merely more
passive entertainment for an increasingly obese and inactive slave population, but as
initiation ceremonies, one might say.
Gauntlets and survival tests that do, indeed, effectively separate the trend-following coattail
riders from the true subgenius sons and daughters of the Yeti.
I'm not saying you have to be some kind of pink-boy health nut.
Many of our most active subgenius X-Day goers are what the conspiracy might call morbidly
obese, or at least a bit pudgy.
Big deal.
Um...
So now, back to...
Um...
Back to Father Joe Mama and naturalist Dr. Howell.
Oh, I should mention the music in the background here.
It was recorded at X-Day the first night by, I think it's Bishop Stick and Reverend Frodo
Suds-Pasha on guitar.
Anyway, back to Father Joe Mama and Dr. Howell on the zoology of the sacred subgenius campground
sweat lodges, also known as chem toilets.
Well...
And the other thing to watch out for is, you know, you can go in there with your flashlight
and examine every little inch of that little stall for mosquitoes.
If you're like me, you don't want to get bitten by mosquitoes, only to discover that they
are all hiding underneath the body.
That's right.
They are waiting for you to sit down.
Then when you get up, you'll discover just how many were in there.
That shouldn't be, because the chemicals ought to freak them out.
In fact, they should be about the most bug-free spots out here.
Well, that's true.

But you never know.
Now, in classic rural outhouses, that's where most black widow spider bites in rural areas
occur, from scrotums dangling down into webs built by Lactrodecta, because she finds that
this is the ideal place to catch insects flying in down to the pit.
Also, in Arizona, I have observed giant scorpions the size of small lobsters, which fly in

the middle of the ground and run about actively over the surface of the crapola down there,
orange in color and covered with hideous bristles standing out.
So here you got it easy.
Why, in rural Arkansas and in the Ozark Mountains, outhouses are full of gigantic huntsman spiders,
which are most disquieting to watch when you realize that you can't see all of them.
Few people realize, according to Stanley, that the original manuscript, Spider-Man,

was a black widow spider biting the scrotum of Mr. Parker as he sat on one of these outhouse
toilets.
But they figured that was a little...
Well, that would be an ordeal.
One wouldn't want to go through it.
This is a point where I could make a personal inside story joke, and I'm going to resist.
Do you want to?
Are you weighing the pros and cons?

No, I'm going to resist.
He doesn't want to.
For the first time ever.
I know about that predicament.
If we're talking about scrotums and black widow spiders looking for something to mate
with...
A harmless prank that went awry.
We're already dangling on that edge as to whether or not this portion could be broadcast
or not.
Stang wants to take it completely over the edge.
Yeah, we have to be on the air with this stuff, you know.
Oh, I know.
Every time I say a bad word, I know I'm going to have to bleep it out for the stations,
the actual stations that play it.
On the other hand, on pirate radio, I can play it as long as I want and as completely
as I want.
Yeah, but I can't replay it without cutting it.

I think you're blocking the...
You've got a delay, right?
It's not so much the words anymore, now they're after you about the ideas, the concepts.
Obscenity doesn't necessarily mean a four-letter word, but a four-letter concept, you might
say.
An offensive...
All you need is one complaint, actually, in the terrible way things have gotten ever
since they put Michael Powell, the son of Colin Powell, in charge of the FCC.
But...
But, of course, you need that bastard out there not only to make the complaint but to follow through.
And didn't Al Gore's wife, Man Bear Pig, cause a lot of hassle for musicians?
She objected, but this was in the nature just of a public movement, not of something done on the official level.
That's the difference with the restructuring of the FCC in the last administration.
Oh, they just were recommending that people look at the lyrics on these terrible CDs.
What? They buy CDs? No, they don't. They download everything.
They don't read the outside. They don't read, you know, go home, Tipper, go to bed.
You just need to put on your sign on screen, you know, that what you're looking at may contain offensive material.
If they have that at the beginning of every time you log on, there'll be no more problems.
Now, see, this would be my cue in editing to cut to...
You know, the copy of Cop Killer by Ice-T, which I happen to have in this little bag here.
I'm never without my copy of Cop...
You know, and the sad thing, I mean, that's so tame compared to what you hear on the common radio today.
You know, just average everyday rap songs, music videos.
It's South Park. What happened?
Well, you need to have that on CDs so that when you get pulled over by the highway patrol
and you open up the front fumes pouring out, you have the front...
You turn it up. Cop killer, fuck the police! Cop killer, fuck the police!
Yes, sir, may I help you?
But tonight we get even!
I'll show you how to handle a fucking pig. Hey, pig!
Well, you could do that.
Actually, we have a great subgenius, Puzzling Evidence,
who just has the right stuff to be able to put cops at their ease no matter what.
It's just from his body language or his mustache or something.
He rolls down the window and immediately all the cop problems go away.
He's a hypnotic unibrow.
He just makes those movements that...
I don't know. You know, he was in military intelligence.
He grew up in a military family.
He used to broadcast radio out of Gooney Bird over the South China Sea.
Some say he has...
Other connections.
Of course, these people are what we call loony.
This is why he was the Manchurian candidate for Bob
and ended up being the one who first killed Bob.
He was a sleeper set in motion.
We've completely forgiven him because of all of his other wonderful, notable works and undertakings.
Besides which, killing Bob was a great thing for us.
We couldn't do it ourselves, but our religion demanded that he die and be resurrected.
We still insist, though, that if you see puzzling evidence over in the corner somewhere playing solitaire,
that you remove all the queens.
Puzzling evidence is here, but we just missed him.
He ran into town for beer or something.
It's like camouflage. You can't really see him even when he's there.
But he's a good person to have if you're ever stopped by a cop or any authority figure
because he will just cause all that to go away simply by sitting there
even before he starts babbling about his favorite subjects.
Guam.
Custer's Last Stand.
Vietnam.
The Kennedy assassination.
Harvey Oswald.
Yeah.
And they all flow together, you know.
They all become part of the same thing.
He'll talk to some bewildered security guard who shuffles out to see what he's doing there in the middle of the night
and be telling him about conditions on Okinawa or Guam or something.
It's like the Cylons.
They always recognize another Cylon and never fire on them.
So anyone in a position of authority recognizes the Wellman slash puzzling evidence gene.
They do recognize it in some strange way.
Absolutely no kidding.
And it just must be that he unconsciously projects the signals which indicate that you're squared away,
you know, and you're the real deal.
And not a civilian.
In fact, he's usually guilty as hell of something.
He's always. He's totally.
He's broken every human law.
He breaks the law of gravity.
When I travel around this great free country of ours, I always look like this.
It's the whole reason for my hat.
Mr. Smith from Ohio.
Yes, I'm now Mr. Smith from Ohio.
Doesn't he look normal, friends?
When it's all tucked in.
The perfect neighbor.
And, you know, I...
Like a good neighbor.
Like a good neighbor.


You're so much more polite when you have a haircut.
But you take out the hat and you say, imagine that.
Me working for you.
But if with my hair down, I figure, oh, he's just a retired construction worker redneck.
You know, a meth head.
And treat me like garbage.
Second class citizen.
You know, with the hat on, you look more like someone who would be buying the drugs.
But when you take the hat.
Do the other thing.
With the hat, you look like someone who would be selling.
It's creepy.
Confound their knavish tricks.
Well, luckily, friends, cheap bathtub methamphetamine has taken the cops' attention off of harmless things like marijuana.
And they still bust you for a frop.
But most of them don't know what it looks or smells like.
But if you have...
You know, pot on you.
Luckily, these days, the dogs, either they're not really trying to smell anything.
They're just trying to run around and look excited so that you'll get paranoid.
And the cops can then scare you into searching, giving them permission to search your car.
Or as the policeman told my friend, Doc Frop, the other day, when Doc Frop had said, would you have searched my car if I was a little old lady?
They said, well, now we have a methamphetamine problem over here.
We realized that the dogs were trying to sniff for meth chemicals now.
Because, I mean, this was Doc Frop we're talking about.
He's made of illegal substances.
Well, in essence...
I mean, his DNA is the same as that of Jack Harer crossed with G1.
Everyone has their place, though.
I mean, the little old lady's going to get their adult diaper examined at...
Yeah, at TSA.
So, you know, it just depends on where you are.
The babies, the elder people, they get strip searched at the airport.
That's true.
And then everyone else gets it if you're a male or maybe a decent looking female that they want to feel up alongside the road.
And the whole idea is to keep everybody off balance.
You always want to feel like you really are in their hands and they have control.
Because that's what it's all about is the conspiracy wants to keep control.
And that means that you must succumb to them.
Command and control.
It goes all the way back to the days of Scottish rights and English rights where they can actually
have sex with the ladies who are about to get married and be the first one to deflower them.
The Droit de Seigneur.
This is what the conspiracy wants to work its way back toward.
The conspiracy?
Hell, why aren't we doing that?
Well, they're not.
They want to do both sexes though.
They also want to do the males.
I mean, I've performed an awful lot of weddings and it just now occurred to me.
Shouldn't I be claiming the first right of sacred scrubs?
Well, if we did that, that would be one way of preventing the conspiracies from doing
it because they want to be the first.
So if you succumb to a subgenius preacher, you don't have to worry about him.
I think you have to be a feudal lord and invest fiefs and so forth.
Now, at some point this weekend we'll have a mass short duration marriage.
Obviously, right now is not.
Not the time to do that.
No, this is, the stars are not right.
And the audience is not here.
This is a typical hour of slack at X Day.
They wouldn't be in the proper mood to constantly.
They all have fun things to do and so do we.
When released from having to be behind this lectern, we will all find inordinately entertaining
things with which to occupy ourselves.
You know, a lot of people don't realize that standing up here behind these microphones
is almost as painful.
It's beautiful.
It's like being on the other side with the speakers, but it's our cult duty.
It's like David.
It's worse than digging post holes in the hot sun.
I got to tell you.
You have to sit there and just endure it.
It's it's.
Oh, and what's even worse is having to edit it after you've already heard it once.
Sweating blood.
Then you have to go through and listen to it again and again.
Backwards, forwards.
Christ's blood streams in the firmament.
That's what I meant.
Show host syndrome.
You know, we, we.
Chew up, damage some of our slack just to bring slack to others, to the unknowing herd.
Yeah, that means you should bribe us more.
Some believe that the whole purpose of these shows isn't to clarify and enlighten the subgenius,
but to help confuse and confound him more.
Well, he might need that because the conspiracy provides that in the form of distraction boxes,
which everyone carries around to keep them from looking at the world and having individual
thoughts.
We also provide a distraction to ease the pain of thought because nothing hurts like
thinking.
And the purpose of thinking is not to have to think at all.
Once you've solved a problem, then you don't need to think.
Just like the purpose of drinking is not to have to drink.
Once you have drunk, you are no longer thirsty.
Then you could just have the religious ecstasy waif over you like fumes and you not even
have to worry about what it means anymore.
It's just there.
You can feel it.
No, there is a pain involved in intellection.
And I'm reminded of the epigraph to the movie Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas from Dr. Samuel
Johnson which says that the reason a man acts like a beast is so he can forget the pain
of being a man.
That's a good excuse.
That goes along with too much is always better than not enough.
Oh, there are some great ones down there in the Cracker Barrel.
Again, I had one on my mind.
I had one on my mind.









I had one on my mind.
It's on the tip of my tongue and it's gone now.
It'll come, just don't strain too hard to retrieve it.
Oh, I know what it was.
It was a quote from Little Big Man.
I find myself saying this about once a month.
By Charles Portis.
It is true.
There is a thing here I do not understand.
There's a pain between my ears.
Amen.
Yes.
It's probably caused by this broadcast.
In fact, it's not.

In fact, I'm part of a large family.
There's a lot of Stangs.
We're a big clan.
We're a Stang clan, I guess you could call it.
Like the Sawney Bean family.
Or the Addams Family.
Or the Munsters.
Or Rasputins.
But oddly enough, my daughter grew up with the hour of slack and she claims that to this
day, it gives her a headache.
To listen to it for more than five minutes, it gives her a terrible headache.
I have one, out of all of the Stang clan, I have one niece who regularly listens to
the hour of slack.
Do they know that you put in the subliminal fear monitor that actually creates that headache?
The uneven sonic waves?
To keep my daughter from knowing what her dad really does for a living.
Maybe I did.
A high and lonely destiny.
I don't know.
You want to not only confound and confuse the subgeniuses, you want to alienate the
conspiracy monitoring and all those who might otherwise join the Church of the Subgenius.
This isn't a cult that's looking for numbers.
We're looking for quality, not quantity.
Yeah, I had to force ordain most of my nephews and nieces.
They'll thank you in the end.
Right.
If the church were free, then you'd get all these hanger-ons and wannabes that would just
sign up just because it was free.
Like Facebook.
So, yeah.
So, the whole idea is to make it something that you...
It looks hip at the beginning, but then with the slightest bit of investigation, you think,
no, no, I don't think I want to be associated with them.
Well, you know, there's been some subgeniuses that I didn't want to be associated with anymore,
and they were unpersoned.
Well, it's like in 1984.
Just like in 1984.
You don't have to associate with them anymore.
They've been uncreated.
Well, it's a delicate balance.
Think how you...
How dumb you'd have to be to be too dumb for the church of the subgenius.
I mean, it's almost unthinkable.
It takes all the intellectual power just contemplating it.
It hurts my head just to think about how dumb one would have to be to be kicked out
of the church of the subgenius.
Well, think about how dumb the average person is, and then realize that everyone,
that half of everyone, by definition, is dumber than that.
Dr. Howell, do you know who originally said that quote?
I don't know.

I'm not sure.






I thought that it was J.R.
Bob Dobbs.
He said, think how dumb the average person is.
Well, by definition, half of them are dumber than that.
Dr. I'm sure it's a thought that has occurred to many.
The reason I ask is that I heard someone attribute it to George Carlin the other day.
Someone on the radio.
Dr. Great minds roll in the same group.
And frankly, I thought that that was channeled by yours truly.
J.R. Bob Dobbs.

Stubbs channeled that one through me, if I recall correctly.
Maybe George got it from you.
It's not always possible to tell where something comes from,
and it's more of a pedantic library science-like thing to trace it back.
The important thing is to mix it into the synthesis.
Oftentimes the person who's credited with the famous saying is the one who simply made it famous.
Or the person who the saying is even about,
as in the case of the spurious thing about W.C. Fields and anybody who hated dogs and children can't be all bad,
which he certainly never said.
No, and it was said about him in any case.
But usually the saying about half the people being stupid,
you may think everybody says that, but really only half the people have said that.
The person who originally said anyone who hates dogs and children can't be all bad,
that was referenced.
Susie the floozy.
I thought it was Leo Rosten.
She's the origin of that.
She looks a lot younger than she is.
I really have seen it attributed to Leo Rosten, the Yiddish writer.
Well, he swiped it from Susie.
It's quite possible.
But once again, I don't care who got what from who, you know.
You just want to turn around and slap them all in the back seat and make them watch the scenery.
Sadly, my only quote that I'll be remembered for is the one that says,
Life?
This is life.
Sexually transmitted terminal disease.
Well, that one's not bad.
In fact, it's sterling in the catalog.
That would make a great bumper sticker.
Don't tell it to anyone.
Or the next thing you know, you'll be seeing it on a bumper sticker.
Wait a minute.
It's too late now.
We just blew it.
It's a lot like the hour slack.
You have to be very careful with you.
Just that squelch dial.
You're trying to get just enough people to listen, but not too many people to listen.
Just the right amount of people.
The right number of people to join, but not too many people to join.
Enough people to pay in to keep the church going, but not enough people to pay so the church becomes corrupt and a giant tick on society.
Well, it is a tightrope.
We are an anti-business business, an anti-religion religion, an anti-art art project, and an anti-science scientific experiment.
We are going to be a proverb religion that's always on the very edge of the world coming to an end.
And it's always going to then pull the rug out and say, well, not this year, but next year.
And to do that just the right number of years, but to not keep doing it on and on.
Just to find that perfect balance.
Where is it?
Is it this year, friends?
I think it's this year.
It's like playing a thierman.
You have to have your hands just the right distance to elicit the right note.
Not by putting...
crude physical touch
on the instrument. And it's the same
with the intuitive
feelings and
procedures that
a minister of Bob
must do, intuiting
one's way along by
slack emanations.
Well, it's not a completely
original thought. I mean, the Soviet Union
mastered this
concept themselves, where they would
amass all their forces and
converge on the very border of the
country in which they wished to invade.
And of course, the country that they were about
to invade would react and bring all their
forces forward. And then
the Soviets would retreat. And then
another time, they would build up forces
and again, they would be met with a counterforce.
And they would do this over and over
and over until finally the other side
said, oh, it's just a military
maneuver. We don't have anything to worry about here.
And that's the time the tanks just kept
rolling in. And this is what
X-Day is all about.
The false alarms, constantly
pulling that fire alarm for Bob.
The living Lipton tea trademark.
The moment the fire trucks stop coming,
that's when the saucers arrive.
In Soviet Russia,
Bob gives you $30.
It's like the boy who cried
wolf.
Wolf.
Werewolf.
He turned into the wolf.
They didn't realize that. They thought he was
calling the wolf, but he was
the wolf the whole time.
So he was always there. He never really
cried wolf. The wolf was always
there when he cried. An early
evidence of lycanthropy.
You know, one time I was doing
my stage act and
somebody sent up in...
People give me envelopes
with money in them to answer
questions that they need answered.
And sometimes they put other things in the
envelopes. And
at one point, I opened the envelope
and I poured out a stream
of small caliber
bullets into my
hand. But my golfing
and prayer partner, Chicken John,
said, give me those things. I hate guns.
I hate bullets. And he threw them
and most of them went through cracks
in the stage. But I retrieved a few
and these were actually
silver bullets
for shooting werewolves
and will also slow down
vampires. But now I only
have four of them.
They're very hard to come by.
But I've got them.
And if you are ever in the position of having
to move these, to use these,
you have to stand very close to your
werewolf or vampire
because silver bullets will not fire
true. The silver ends
melt and they tumble through the air.
But if you stand close
enough so that you can't miss, they
are effective at close range.
Well, the good news is that now
any future tap dancers on that stage
perform at their own risk.
Well, that stage is no longer
our stage. That was a
some time ago and we're in
a completely different building now.
So those silver bullets, if they're still there,
are below the stage of
a third-rate, cut-rate
Mexican bar called The Knockout
with a picture of a Mexican wrestler on the
outside. Oh, how
times have changed.
Why, we used to be gold in there.
By the way, Dr. Hell,
I don't know if you've noticed, but by chance, the music
in the background is from
The Wolfman.
The 1940s Wolfman.
Yes.
Claude Rains. And is there anyone
less likely to be Lon Chaney Jr.'s
father? And Maria
Usenspikaya,
or whatever her name was, who utters
the immortal words,
even a man who is pure of heart
and says his prayers by
night may become a wolf
when the wolfman blooms
and the autumn moon
is bright.
You know, I just
had a sad thought.
My fellow
hour of slack
blabberers.
I was looking at that picnic table
over there full of subgeniuses, and I
had the terrible fear that
they're funnier
over there. Maybe we should just put the
microphones over there.
They're not trying to
impress anybody. You know why? Because they don't
have to do this. They're just
slacking. See, Dr. Le Guin
could be over here talking.
I've just decided to slack
off and talk over here.
He's the autocrat of the breakfast table, or whatever
meal they're having over there.
And also all the girls
are over there, you notice.
It's a sausage fest
over in this corner.
He so has it all he can.
I'm more interested in what's going in their mouths
and what's coming out of it that looks pretty good
from this distance. Don't let me keep
you back. Now,
tomorrow, Saturday,
we will not be
doing an hour of slack live
on stage. Instead,
at two o'clock,
is the book club
discussion. Reverend Chris Lee
had decided everyone
should bring their copy of
King James Bible?
Cyclopedia
of Slack? No,
James George. Finnegan's Wake.
Yeah, yeah. Every year
we used to have this beer tasting party
sponsored by the
Queegee Bow Cartel, and that
beatnik, Reverend Chris Lee.
This year, he decided that
that was rather vulgar, and so
we should have a book club and discuss
the works of James Joyce. However,
people are still urged
to bring their local homebrew
and local
brewery stuff and get
completely plastered. Reverend Stang,
where is this beer guzzling,
I mean book reviewing party?
That goes on for an hour and a half,
and then it's the Ask Dr. Howell
show. Well, it must be here, then.
3.30.
Then it's got to be here? I guess, yeah,
almost everything happens here. The beer drinking
thing happens here. That's good.
Everything during the day happens here.
Almost every night
there's a great bonfire,
and down in the Pawpaw Patch, the
pagans are drumming and
dancing with their shirts off.
Some of their heathen rites.
Unfortunately, there's two reasons why that may
be hard to get a lot of people at that
book club. First, you're going to require
that they all,
read Finnegan's Wake,
and the others... They can look at other people's copies.
Yeah, and the other reason, of course,
being they'd all have to know how to
read, so...
That has slowed things down
in book sales. The beer makes your eyes
watery and wobbly. You can't make
sure what hieroglyphs
are dancing across the page. You can do what I do, just place the
book underneath your pillow and
osmose it, yes.
Well, in the case of Finnegan's Wake, it
probably helps to be plastered. I think
that was how it was mostly written.
It was probably how it was written. It reeks of
Guinness stout. I'm still waiting for the
Classics Illustrated comic book version.
Yeah.
That would be something.
Did you ever see the Classics Illustrated
version of Faust? One of the most
surreal... Faust!
Goethe's Faust. No! One of the most
surreal comic books
ever created because of its
incredibly unimaginative
application to an extremely
imaginative subject. I heard that
they were working on the Classics Illustrated
version of the book of the subgenius. Is there any truth
to that? None whatsoever. There was
in fact a company working
on that and the artists and script
writers have...
Seven of them have committed suicide
so far. The others went on strike.
And it's not a Classics
Illustrated. It would have been a...
You could call it a graphic
novel. It would certainly be graphically
novel. By fool's press, I imagine.
Well, it doesn't have a
story in it.
It's the greatest non-story ever told. That never stopped.


Jack T. Chick, who would
start one of his lengthy comic books
and then it would
turn into
print covering the page denouncing
Roman Catholics or Mormons or whatever
in tinier and tinier boxes
with the characters squeezed down to the bottom
of the page until finally the characters
disappear entirely. How many
out here are familiar with the
works of Jack T. Chick?
Good. I see
that the Classics have not been entirely
neglected. Yes, Jack
T. Chick wrote all those religious
comic books that grinning
zombies hand you in bus stations
to try to convert you to
Jesus. And they always end
as the critics have pointed out in a sort
of orgasmic moment where
sweat drops or pludes
as they are called in cartoonist lingoes
burst out of the bodies
of people who are ecstatically
receiving Jesus for the
first time. Others are
sadistically depicted as frizzling
and frying in a
very literal hell
into which a large muscular
angel with hillbilly sideburns
flings you off a cliff. So either way
you either cry or you sweat. There's
going to be water leaving your
body one way or the other. Yeah, so that water
is earthly and you're going to be dried out
in the supernal realm. Is this where we do a certain
plugola for a certain book and movie
collection? That might be a
good idea. But we do have
a Bull Dada auction coming up, but
not for quite a while. I just checked the chronometer.
There's still eons of
hours of slack to get through.
I don't know if they did a
chick version of the Book of the Subgenius
that they'd be able to fill up all
24 pages with relevant
information. They might kind of
peter out every page. Well, look, here's two
of them. Why didn't you bring the collector?
Here's two that might as well be the
Book of the Subgenius. Bad Bob.
That's a pretty damn
good one, actually. And the empty tomb.
The main character looks more like Dr.
Legume. He looks like Legume,
but he acts like Bob. This was your life.
Which begins with
Bob being struck
by the angel of death. Bob dies
in the second panel. His pipe
flies out of his mouth. As he falls to the ground,
his pipe remains
in the air. Then there's the
cutaway view of him in his coffin
underground with people standing
overhead. Very disturbing,
but not so disturbing as when an enormous
angel swoops down and
shoots him through space to the
celestial throne room
where he is not only mocked and
wild by the giant faceless
god with a light bulb for a head,
but a huge movie is shown
for all the universe to see
of every private, dirty,
nasty little thing he ever did
as a human on Earth.
In CinemaScope,
sense around Todd Ayo
and VistaVision. And everyone
in the universe sees it and comments
on it. And at the end, he's guilty
and made to march down
a suspiciously low tunnel with
a little wisp of smoke coming out of it.
Whosoever was not found
written in the book of life was
cast into the lake of fire.
Revelation 20.15.
Interestingly enough... This one ends
the final statement of
This Was Your Life is
this quote from the Bible.
The Lord is not slack
concerning his promise
as some men count slackness
but is long-suffering
to us, ward, not
willing that any should perish
but that all should come to repent.
We will auction this
pamphlet.
Oh, he only had two Peters. I feel so sorry
for the uni...
That will be available in the Bulldada auction
because Jack Chick's work is Bulldada.
He's really an underground cartoonist.
If you want to consider the matter
dispassionately, you may dislike
his underlying philosophy.
He drew the more crude and
scratchy ones himself, but
the more academically rendered ones are
by a black guy named Fred
Carter. But he also produces
the large, sumptuous, full
color Crusaders
series of religious
comics. And in these,
a huge, muscular white
guy with long sideburns and a
big chin like a toilet bowl
and a huge, muscular
black guy who's exactly like him
except dark-colored
who somehow live together
in some strange menage
and who are always whipping off
their shirts to reveal
impossibly buffed
torsos. These are actually
the Crusaders who go around the world
for God, doing
God's work. And they work at
some place like
Bemco. I don't think
that's the right name. And they always talk in
1970s lingo.
And they all wear bell-bottoms. Yeah, Fred Carter
never got beyond drawing the 1970s stars.
Now, here's a little detail that even you might not know
Father Joe Mama, but in
two of those Crusaders
books, some
of the villains are
based on real
people. In fact, they're named
Isaac Bonowitz,
who's the, you
might say, the head of the American Druids.
that couple's name,
the witch, they
started a witch school. The Wiccan couple.
Yeah, the Wiccan couple. His name
will come to me in a minute. The funny thing
is, I knew the late
Isaac Bonowitz. He
was a regular speaker at Star
Wood every year.
And
Gavin and
Yvonne Frost. That's right.
Yeah, Gavin Frost and
Isaac Bonowitz were depicted
in these comic books as
being big, tough
gangsters with armies of minions.
Now, in real life,
Isaac Bonowitz was
a wimpy little filk-singing
nerd. A strong wind could
blow him away. He was a funny fellow.
And he did know a lot of,
about ceremonial magic and all that,
and wrote a book about it when he was very young.
But basically, had about
maybe
one or two minions,
and those were his kids.
But what about the millions of dollars at his disposal?
Well,
you know, that was the thing.
As I told Gavin Frost, I said,
you know, it seems like if you had
so many minions in this whole satanic
army, you'd be driving a better car.
Well, who ever heard of a rich witch?
It doesn't work that way.
Um, by the way,
friends, I can, uh,
personally,
uh, say
that the story about the temperature
of witches' breasts
is true,
not true at all. It's completely
false. The breasts of a witch are just
like the breasts of a regular
human. It's not even a little hotter.
Or at least the few examples I ever
got a chance to. Because the ones you know,
the ardor burns brightly in
their breasts.
I know quite a few witches.
Yes. They're mostly very,
very nice. Reverend Stang
sees the witches dance every year.
If they've ever cast any spells on me, it was to keep them from
being rude to them.
The only sad thing about them is that they too will be
cast into the eternal abyss unless
they send in their $30 love offering.
Well, there are quite a few subgenius
witches. And maybe they can go
to the subgenius equivalent
of Limbo, where the virtuous
pagans hang out in
Christian,
mythology. That's where you hear the best drumming.
They haven't fully
embraced Bob and the church of the
subgenius, but they think in
such synchronicity that
they won't receive the full
stern treatment
that is meted out to everyone
else. Well, that's one of the reasons why
subgeniuses need to make a conscientious
effort and not be afraid to be
Bobnoxious. They need to
apostolicize. They need to
reach out. If you truly love those witches,
you need to bring them in.
You need to bring them into the fold if you want to get into their fold,
if you know what I mean. So the bottom line is
get in their face.
Make sure they send in their $30 love
offering. Let them know if it's pissing them off.
All they got to do is pay the $30.
It'll all be over. It's for their own sake.
I get paid pretty well
every year to
make fun of the pagans
and witches to
buy the pagans and witches.
That's a healthy thing.
In fact, the whole reason that we're here
together at this campground
is because I was invited to a
Starwood in 1990.
I thought, what the hell?
I'm like,
you know, I make fun of
everybody's most
beloved beliefs.
They're going to ambush me. It's a setup.
Yeah, it's a lynching.
They're going to lynch me.
My friend,
Bleepo Abernathy, who I'm hoping
will show up any
second, but I'm beginning to doubt it.
Bleepo said,
I said,
I never mentioned this to you,
but I've been to some of those
Starwoods. What he hadn't mentioned
was that he was a heavy-duty
pagan and
was married to one. He said,
I think you should go to Starwood.
I think you'll be
very surprised and you'll have
a really good time.
I am now one of the
co-organizers of that
festival. I'm married into
it.
I have
along with the Book of Life
with every subgenius listed,
I also have the names, addresses, and
credit cards of all the pagans
who've ever been to Starwood in the last few
years.
That was how we knew about Brushwood.
That was where the Lord, Jesus,
had the idea of having X-Day
drills because
it was the best place in the world to have
a party. You could make noise all night long.
Girls could take their shirts
off, which was a big
attraction for bringing
more lads.
The pagans,
let's face it, know the
secret of fire, something
that the subgeniuses have not
all mastered.
We're still trying to learn
how they do that.
In fact, I get to Princess
Wee and I usually lead the parade to light
the giant sacred bonfire
even though I'm like the mascot
skeptic.
It just goes to show
how open-minded they are.
So naturally, they want to relax
and laugh and be teased
and twitted by you.
Usually, all I have to do is
read the program book.
Is it true that they just kind of throw
their fingers towards the faggots?
You can't do it with loose fingers.
Is there like a miniature
Zippo lighter somewhere in the mix that we're not
seeing?
The Starwood organizers
carry these huge, specially
blessed torches that have been
hand-decorated by
a team of very earnest
believers. I always feel
awful taking these
things from them.
The blessing runs off.
Anyway, and we
do a little ceremony and we lead everyone
out there and they chant
the names of the goddess and we
plunge, at a certain
mark, we plunge our
torches into this huge
bonfire stack
of wood and it miraculously,
the whole thing bursts into,
flames, just from a few, you know, from
eight people poking a torch.
I'm going to give away
a secret of witch magic.
There's actually some rocket
scientists behind the scenes
who have prepared
explosives and things inside that
bonfire stack to make it
into a more spectacular
lighting thing.
I don't think that everyone who watches
it knows just how
much of it is fake.
But it works. I mean, boy,
it's an impressive bonfire
and we'll be doing
it in a week and a half right down
the road. My brother used to do that
at parties at his house. He would
make the fire green and so
on. Some say that's where science
comes from, from the witches doing things just
like that. Well, I got it the
first time I went
to a Starwood Pagan
gathering and saw those people drumming and
dancing around the fire, I thought,
this seems so familiar.
And not that I personally,
have ever done that, even to this
day. You were on an ancestral
memory trip. My ancestors
did, that's what they did for
100,000 years until radio
was invented. And stage
magic. We had to kind of leave that
ritual out of the subgenius.
Yeah, we didn't know how to start the fires.
Too many people would walk into the fire.
Yes, we had fire walking some years.
But without the Huna magic,
which makes it effective.
Trying to create their own Wicca man routine.
Actually, last Starwood, we had a
fire walking teacher. Oh, yeah.
And he,
a couple of people got their feet burned.
And boy, he was so angry at us because
we hadn't supplied exactly the
right kind of wood.
The kind that burns with almost no
heat whatsoever.
And helps the faith of
the person to overcome
the flames, you know. The fact that
there isn't really any real heat there.
If they move along at a brisk
pace, there's no way they're going to get hurt.
But they're convinced that
when they come away, they know that
they've got the power of mind over matter.
And that's all that counts
really, you know, friends.
Placebos work
better than the real medicine
in some cases, such as
antidepressants. Because after
all, it's you who heal
yourself. And the placebo simply
makes you feel that you can heal
yourself. In other cases, you
need the real medicine. I'd much rather
have the hydrocodone than the sugar pill.
But even the medicine only,
it assists the body to
repair itself. It probably didn't help
either that somebody broke up. The doctor,
a priestly figure, doesn't really do anything,
any work of healing. The idea
was that we were going to break some glass and mix
it in with the coals to provide some
insulation from the coals. That didn't
actually help, though.
The problem with it is you end up
getting hooked on placebos.
And what a waste of money,
you know. But as long as you feel that
that placebo is going to work, that's all that counts.
Besides, everything is a placebo.
Your television, your radio,
your iPod, your iPad.
A present company
excluded. Everything is sort of
a pacifier, a big
nipple, a teething ring.
The real gurus are able to get rid of all that,
though, and just focus on the religion itself.
Just the very subgeniusness
of being a subgenius is enough to get you high
at all times. Or like Phineas Narco,
you can endlessly journey
into the self and marvel
at all you see there.
You can project subgeniusness
through your eyes, onto the ceiling,
onto the wall, into the clouds,
so that the
exes don't even have to break out
their sonic finders
to find the landing spot. They just look for
the giant bobshead on the cloud.
On the other hand, this stuff takes
unerring, unbending concentration,
which is always
difficult to summon or find
a space to act in.
For years, they didn't realize that's what
the projection was. It was a sign,
a sign to the exes, and then someone noticed
that the pipe was actually pointing
out to the right instead of to the
left, and they realized, well, that's
because the projection is on the cloud,
and if you're approaching Earth from the other
direction, you would want the bobshead
in the proper direction
as well. Or they could flip the slide
around.
Either way it works.
We'll find out in living
color here in just a couple of days.
In ominously pulsating color.
Who wants another cup of coffee?
I haven't had one, so I can't have another, but I'd like one.
I will get us both.
Papa Joe, do you take drugs?
No, that's too druggy for me.
I want green in mine.
I'm a discovering alcoholic.
Or that white lard-like powder.
As a discovering alcoholic, I can't engage in any of that because I...
Yes.
Very well.
I traveled
through a land of men,
a land of men and women,
too, and heard and saw
such dreadful things
as cold earth wanderers
never knew.
For there the babe is born in joy
that is begotten in dire
woe, just as we
reap in joy the fruits which we
in bitter tears do so.
And if the babe is born a boy,
he's given to a
woman old,
who nails him down upon a rock,
catches his shrieks
in cups of gold.
She binds iron thorns
about his head.
She pierces both his hands and feet.
She cuts his heart out
at his side to make it feel
both cold and heat.
Her fingers number every
nerve, just as a miser
counts his gold.
She lives upon his shrieks and cries
till she grows
young and he
grows old. Till he
becomes a bleeding youth
and she becomes a virgin
bright. Then he
rends up his manacles
and binds her down
for his delight.
He plants himself
in all her nerves,
just as a husbandman
his mold.
And she becomes his
dwelling place
and garden, fruitful
seventy-fold.
An aged shadow—
soon he fades,
wandering round an earthly cot,
fulfilled all with
gems and gold which
he, by industry, has got,
for these are the gems he has
gems of the human soul, the ruby and pearl of the lovesick eye, the countless gold of the aching
heart, the martyr's groan, the lover's sigh. They are his meat. They are his drink. He feeds the
beggar and the poor and the wayfaring traveler. Forever open is his door. His grief is their
eternal joy. They make the roofs and walls to ring till from the fire on the hearth a little
female babe does spring. And she is all of solid fire and gems and gold that none his hand dare
stretch to touch her infant form or wrap her in his swaddling band. But she comes to the man she
loves. If young or old or rich or poor, they soon drop her in the air and she's all of solid fire.
Drive out the aged host, a beggar at another's door. He wanders weeping far away until some other
take him in, oft blind and age-bent, sore distressed, until he can a maiden win. And to allay his
freezing age, the poor man takes her in his arms. The cottage fades before their sight, the garden
and its lovely charms. The guests are scattered
themselves. The garden and its lovely charms. The guests are scattered themselves. The guests

are scattered themselves. The guests are scattered themselves. The guests are scattered
themselves. The guests are scattered themselves. The guests are scattered themselves. For the eye
altering alters all. The senses wrap themselves in fear and the flat earth becomes a ball. The
stars, sun, moon, all shrink away. A desert vast without a bound and nothing left to eat or drink
but a dark desert all around. The honey of her infant lips, the bread and wine of her sweet smile,
the wild game,
the flame of her roving eye, dull him to infancy beguile. For as he eats and drinks, he grows younger and younger every day.
And on the desert wide, they both wander in terror and dismay. Like the wild stag, she flees away. Her fear plants many a thicket wild,
while he pursues her night and day by various arts of love beguiled. By various arts of love,
she nestles under the
Account and hide, utteres no the
ir
castings.
For who dare touch that infant form
His arm is withered to the root
Lions, wolves, boars all howling flee
And every tree does shed its fruit
And none dare touch that infant form
Except it be a woman old
She nails him down upon the rock
And all is done as I have told
Dr. Howell, Keeper of Church Secrets
and I am now about to give away a church secret
I've known Dr. Howell for almost 30 years
and I've always wondered how he, the hell he did that
How could, first off
of course, how can he remember these things
and why does he even know them
and yesterday or maybe the day before
I said, well, wasn't your father a college professor
and he goes, well, yeah, but he was a professor of romantic poetry
No, he wasn't
If this helps explain anything
It's not true, didn't say it
My father is a lawyer
So you learned to argue, to be argumentative
I learned how to, shall we say, to put it politely, bullshit
To make your case
A thick jargon that's incomprehensible to others outside of the profession
See, all these years I never had that explained to me
I asked Howell how he did this and he would never tell me
It's not, what Stang says is not true
Stang is mistaken
My father was not a professor of romantic poetry
His specialty was the 17th century poets
Specifically John Milton
Oh, hate poetry
The pre-classical poet
After the pre-classical come the classical poets
like Alexander Pope
And then, finally, you get the romantics
And what's the point?

And William Blake, who's the mental traveler I just recited
Was a precursor of the romantic movement
The romantic poets, in many ways, are proto-subgenius in their thought
Particularly some of the wilder ones
For all these years when I was asking Howell
How do you remember all that stuff?
He would always change the subject and not answer it
It's not hard
It was almost like the magicians and the prestige
This terrible rivalry
How can I possibly learn this material the way he did?
So I'd have to experiment
And I tried
The only idea I came up with was tattooing it all
On the inside of my eyelid
A Kafka-like method
And then staring at the stage lights
And blinking repeatedly so that I could see the message
But then how does he get it to scroll?
How can he?
It was very frustrating
And not scroll too fast
Well, it's just like picking up songs on the radio
Because he only had one eyelid and then the other eyelid
And then you were out of material
You know, it's funny
The potations you take
The substances you take
Can create interesting shows on the inside of your eyelids
Have you ever noted the many different patterns that you see there?
Not only pop art and op art
Checkers and flares
Or growing blobs like a 1960s light show
Well, if you stare at the image of Bob for 30 seconds
Just stare at it and then turn away
It's like looking into the sun
We were talking about that yesterday
That is a fact
That is not a myth
His image will be carried in your subconscious
I remember one time when I was exhausted after too much fun
And the patterns on the inside of my eyelids
Resolved into Wally Wood spaceship details
Have you ever seen those staying?
Oh, yeah, sure
Like you close your eyes and you see all these mysterious machines
Oh, no, not when I closed my eyes
Only when I was looking at a Wally Wood comic
Well, but I'm saying this is like a
It's a version of the op art patterns
That you can get on the inside of your eyelids
And most entertaining it is, too
I always thought it was just the little excess pieces of the zip
Zippo that you cut out when you were placing in there
And they're getting caught in your little eye ducts
It could be an acid flashback
Except I don't believe in the acid tone, yeah
No, what I usually see when I close my eyes
Are like an incredibly fast slideshow
Of every pornographic photograph
I've ever seen
And you can't stop?
You can't hold them?
Why would I want to?
Oh, well, you might want to stop at one of your feet
Well, every now and then you might land on one
That was a particular favorite
Exactly
And run with that one
That's why Ivan Stang doesn't get to be just an older man
He gets to be a dirtier older man
Yes
Yes, but remember
The conspiracy is what classifies dirt
As something that is bad
Without dirt
There's nothing
There's no life
This planet could be a sterile
Naked rock
And be completely clean
Because it would have no organics involved
But we are such stuff
Ourselves
Our ectoplasm is simply organic matter
Cells which at the present time are alive
Which is why we'd rather swim in a swimming hole
Than a swimming pool
You want those contaminants
You want the little protoplasms floating around with you
You want the organic matter
You want the oils on the top
I was swimming in that swimming hole the other day
And I was somewhat disturbed by the fact that
Brown bubbles rise to the surface
And before I put my head completely under
A brown meniscus formed around my neck
So you did get in the pool
Oh yeah, it's great
I still haven't
It's quite good
I do recommend it
I'm sure everybody here has been in the pool
It's just hard to get away when you have things to do
Actually, a lot of people are scared to get anywhere near that thing
Because of the old moss-headed lungs?
Yeah, because of the old sea-quah down there
The brown bubbles are nothing more than coffee bubbles
It's part of the...
I didn't want to taste them
But the water is very refreshing and fun to swim in
And another thing about it is
It's damn deep
After you get away from the bank
It gets so deep
I tried to get down to the bottom
I had to give up to have enough air to get back to the top
It really drops off
Maybe that's the famous myth
It's the McKelligot's Pond
Of Dr. Seuss
Connecting to the ocean through various underground...
Yeah, with unimaginable surrealist fish of all kinds
That's how old Nessie makes her way up here
Yes, you feel the slimy body
The coils brushing against your naked legs
She's a source
Sticks her head through that hole
The baptism is on Sunday?
Yeah, the baptism is...
We're going to baptize everybody in that self-same filtered lake
But don't worry, folks
It'll be in the kiddie pool area
You won't have to go into the deep unless you want to
And of course, we don't recommend at all
Going beyond the farthest bobbing line of floats
Because there you run into snags and underwater stumps
And probably a couple of moss-headed lunkers
Alligator gars, huge snapping turtles and other things
But don't worry about those animals
We're going to have a rather large hook and line
Attached to each of those animals

And we'll be able to bait each of the bobby attendees
Just in case someone does take the bait
You can be in charge of that
Naturally
And friends, you're listening to the Hour of Slack
From the Church of the Subgenius
Come back next week for more music next time
And for information, you can always look at subgenius.com
Praise Bob
