Uh, hello Bob, and yes dear friends, it is 1997, but you're about to listen to Hour of Slack, number 75, from 1987. Praise Bob.
Praise Bob? Oh yes dear friends, this is Li Biqing, a Chinese subgenius, and you are listening to the Hour of Slack.
Streak, streak, streak, streak, streak, streak, streak, streak, streak, streak, streak, streak, streak, streak, streak, streak, streak.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to the subgenius Hour of Slack.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
Praise Bob.
Wow, wow, wow, wow.
Oh, wow.
Wow.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Remember, Bob and the comrades of all people, here in China.
Just like in America, the people need slack.
In Chinese, we call slack, le tin pan.
But it must be true slack, not the bad slack of the conspiracy.
Praise Bob, help me somebody.
Eternal salvation.
Or triple your money back.
Cheers.
Should any other shows be heard from or contacted in the course of this show?
The listener is advised to remain calm and only contact an unlisted or a listed official,
in the event of any material from this radio or other listening device being inhaled during broadcast.
Small animals or other children becoming exposed to the ultra high or ultra low shocks and brain frequencies
constantly scanned throughout our program should seek shelter in an approved safety unit only.
This is Walter Teasdale reminding you that often it's the off-the-offrtone that night releases.
But truth is, not everyone gets that device.
the picture, hoping your time is all time and all your
unpermissible truths are happy truths.
After relaxing on the lake, Bob's ready to have a great
time entertaining his friends.
Right, Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Break out of that glass box.
And join the Church of the Subgenius.
In a country where freedom of religion is guaranteed by the
Constitution, anything is likely to develop.
Enter the Church of the Subgenius, billing itself as
the
weirdest cult on Earth.
What do they believe in?
Everything.
Who do they believe in?
A mysterious character named Bob.
Bob is the culmination of that to which man has aspired
throughout his long and slackless history.
Bob is what will bring slack to planet Earth.
And to you, young man.
This is a church that does not play games.
The other churches talk about love and think hate.
The other churches do not talk about money.
They take your money.
They take your money.

You don't see the church of Bob.
No, that's a good point.
You don't see Cadillac convertibles in the church of Bob.
No.
You don't see Jensen interceptors in the parking lot of Bob.
You see slack-filled-
You see slack-filled smiling faces in the tabernacle of the Bob.
Bob founded the church mainly to help unmask the conspiracies.
We're talking about the conspiracies.
What next?
Just believe in the power of the dogs.
I believe.
Believe in Bob.
I believe.
Reach out for him.
I believe.

I believe.
I feel the healing power.
He� Quest is outta here.
Now pickups are for paying short.
They're going to take you back to the old Daigle었어요,
off into the smoke and extended and equal phase�
Bethanyikanакс Point, Alaska,


You should be at a conslooked daigleasy,
or instead of watching and allowing yourself to Angst societ.
You should be abe,
haunted men and women.
Our midnight ramp.
I know the man by Mr. Fletcher
in Dallas, Texas.
He's a good man,
except that he don't buy me
two glasses of Fletcher's beer.
And I said,
I love you, boy.
And I'm going to tell you,
if I can't whoop him,
I'll go down.
All right, man,
so here's your woman.
He's going down.
All right.
Yes, it's miracle wisdom
coming through from me.
We may find only
the intergalactic silences,
or we may encounter
intelligences greater than our own,
answers to questions
we cannot even formulate today,
or the pioneers,
traveling or falling
between fire and darkness,
between freezing and burning,
may sense that we live
only on the narrowest of margins.
Snowflakes,
condensed momentarily
out of the great snowstorms
and firestorms of matter in space.
Speaking of serious things,
the planet Earth
does not have much time left.
The date that Bob has set is...
I mean, he's not trying to do this.
This isn't something he wants to do.
But 7 o'clock in the morning,
July 5th,
well, when everybody has hangovers,
1998.
That year, you can expect the,
quote,
end of the world, unquote.
The Church of the Sun,
the subgenius is here to make sure
the end of the world happens correctly.
It can go various different ways.
People tend to think of the end of the world
as a sudden, you know,
bam, it's gone, or the rapture, you know,
suddenly all the Christians are in heaven,
happy watching all the sinners fry.
We don't want to get slain,
we'd better get by the bomb right now.
Basically, two factions out there right now
is us and them.
Friend, have you ever heard the expression,
there's no slack in this world?
A lot of people have to ask me what slack is.
And that's sad, mister.
They were born with slack.
Oh yeah, you were born with slack.
But the conspiracy took it away.
The conspiracy made you want to be normal.
That's what the conspiracy is all about.
And conspiracy is a patchwork of different things.
Some are nations, some are products,
some are hypnotic television shows,
some are bad people.

Some are pills.
You'll find unless you find Bob,
and you'd better find Bob right now.
Yeah.
And no one has ever met Bob.
The leader of our church, no one has ever met,
because as you know, all cults,
their leaders are usually pretty hard to find.
And Bob is no exception.
Bob will help you.
Dig your own weirdness.
I got a bob in my pants.
I got a bob in my pants.
Honey, I got a problem.
I got a bob in my pants.
It's right over here.
Look, I need some padded tweezers.
No, no.
Don't run away.
I got a bob in my pants.
That way they all run away.
I need help.
I got a bob in my pants.
Will somebody help me?
I got a bob in my pants.
It's not bad.
I'm trying to squat my bob.
I need to squat my bob.
I got to squat my bob.
When you got me squatting my bob.
I got a bob in my pants.
intrigued really with the meaning to this book.
I got a bob in my pants.
I got a bob in my designer jeans.
I got a bob in my pants.
It's clean, Bob
I got a bob in my shorts.
Don't smell.
I got a bob in my shorts.


shorts. I got a bob in my shorts. I gotta get this bob out of my pants.
This is Sister Chris, and couldn't you just whiff the isness, the slack that was inherited
in that collage? Truly first-rate sleazy art or tenth-rate high art that contains the
cheapness necessary to help you maintain faith throughout subgenius depression or alienation
from blessed mania in these times of no style, when no one has the guts to put their bloody
hearts in the line without fear of being called a weirdo. A time when people laugh at the
things that aren't funny and don't laugh at the ones that are. They, being the normals,
laugh only when there is a laugh track, because they don't, because they rather they want
to be accepted.
And they don't want to step out of line. It's gone so far I've actually heard sobbing at
a movie theater when the expensive cars, the Mercedes Benz and such get totaled in a car
chase. Confusion abounds and the only thing we can keep our precious insanity is by letting
go of the oppressive concrete weights around our necks that pull us down to the bottom
of the pool of normalcy, float up to the surface where the breathing is easy. Come up to freshness.
Try Menthol Bob. He's that refreshing voice in the back of your head that all of the nuns
in Catholic training and psychic torturing say,
called you was the voice of the devil or one of his minions urging you to step away from
the flock. the hurt instinct is the real diabolical notion that organized religion teaches dump
those graven images down the drain before you dump your will in a ditch for them. Yes.
The harvest.
I just kept hearing the word Bob, Bob body.
They said your mind is in this jar and then they they Chase




They poured it down the sink.
Subgeniuses are the class of people who can't be classified.
Bob has taken winos on the street and turned them into millionaires overnight.
By the same token, he has taken millionaires and given them the slack they always needed all along as winos.
Some of the greatest of the subgeniuses, some of the most ascended rogue subgeniuses, are complete morons.
Morons.
You know, but they perform a service.
You know, we need the morons of the world.
They've got me befuddled.
I don't even know where the hell they're coming from.
But thanks for letting me speak my piece.
Sure, sure.
Listen, if I were you, I would keep speaking your piece as much as possible because it's not going to be long before people cannot say what they mean.
People won't be able to express themselves in public.
I understand that, but, you know, that other stuff is coming down with me.
I just can't, you know, relate to it at all.
It's all too real.
It's all too real.
I want to know what gets you started in this religious cult.
What gets you started?
What got us started?
I didn't.
What got us started?
Yeah.
Actually, I was contacted one time.
I was driving along in my automobile.
You've heard about these UFO contactee stories.
I know before, but I was driving along in my automobile one day and out on some country road and was forcibly wrenched from my car and manipulated by creatures from outer space.
Does that appeal to you?
Pretty simple, really.
No, I don't believe it myself.
Well, what you can do, yeah, I was going to say, you probably wouldn't want to send us a dollar.
We don't insist that people believe.
They only insist that they do what we ask them to.
In fact, we believe that the majority of you out there won't believe us.
Yeah, I was wanting to talk to them too, guys.
Is this Rhodey?
Yeah, they're right here, and I'm Rhodey.
Hello?
Okay, I want to ask them two questions.
The first question is, they said they was into winning souls.
Who are they winning souls for, Satan or Jesus?
Pal, Bob and Jesus are on the same side.
They're just not playing.
They're playing quite the same game.
There's only, yeah, but there's only one game.
That's right, there's only one game.
That's all.
We're not going to be able to tell you anything.
So play your game and keep on playing.
Well, my second question is, why are you deceiving everybody?
We're not deceiving anyone.
We're not doing it for Jesus.
It's going to be a lot easier to deceive people once the government starts putting Valium in the water supply.
I probably won't even be here.
That's right.
That's probably right.
Let me make an important point here.
A lot of the people that are born-again Christians now are doing more to turn America against Jesus than they are for Jesus.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
Yeah, I hear you there.
But what I'm saying is, why don't y'all, why don't y'all try to turn people to Jesus?
We're just trying to take it from a slightly different direction.
Make people aware of the fact that they can make their own decisions.
We're going step by step.
Do you ever occur to you, you might be going in the wrong direction?
I don't know about that.
We think about that all the time.
Has it ever occurred to you?
No.
I got a mighty bigıyor a un gran barco.
I got a mighty bigió a un gran barco.
Oh, man, he's got to come out.
Well, he must have got in.
Ain't no room.
He's got to get out.
There ain't no room in my skin.
For there's a mighty big Bob.
He's inside of me.
He's a mighty big Bob.
You know, he makes me pee.
He's a mighty big Bob.
He's a mighty big Bob.
Man, he's really too big.
He's a mighty big Bob.
He's a mighty big Bob.
After a few weeks of this, I just began to feel a deep hurting in my belly,
way deep down in my spirit.
And some people say, what the top of what?
You mean you experience pain, too?
Yes, I do.
I hurt just like you do.
I feel the pain of a satanic attack just like you do.
But I really didn't even know how to pray because I didn't know exactly what was coming at me.
Satan was bombarding me from so many sides.
Actually, I felt kind of dumb.
Step in to the wonderful world of auto dynamics.
Step into the swept wing Dodge of 1957.
If the last 50 years made such a change, just imagine the New York of 1980.
When everyone has a number instead of a name.
And the government tells you whom you should marry.
Just imagine 1980.
1980.
Oh, my goodness.
Oh, are you all right, Doctor?
That don't work will bore you.
I'm healed again.
Right here, right in front of us, folks.
That ain't the highest quality slack I ever heard in my life either.
Well, it's better than that liquid slack we have to buy from you.
Hey, there's a caller.
We talked to Bosco Bear today.
Let's see what Bosco has to say.
Well, you know, it's a little-known fact that the soul is actually located in the foot.
Of course, it's not physically located.
It's not a physical thing.
It doesn't die with the physical body.
It rots, but never actually dies.
It stays around.
Yes, the soul is the stroke drug of the spiritual realm.
It wanders around, trying to score a last bit of prop before it passes over into the before life.
And, you know, a normal...
A normal soul, it just...
When they get over into the before life, they all just run together into one big slurry.
And they get strained out and used in another normal in the next life.
But you couldn't really call it a next life, because it's just normal.
Yes, but a subgenius soul becomes a dot.
They're hard to catch.
But what happens to a business executive's soul?
What happens to a business executive's soul?
Well, those are the ones that Bob will use as the main commodity in his bargaining with the elder gods.
When the day of judgment arrives.
You should know that from looking at Prescripture 1714, Dr. Howell.
I presume you have been reading your prescriptures.
I was only making an inquiry on behalf of the many unenlightened listeners
who might be curious to know how vulnerable a business executive might be.
I've just noticed a certain lack of discipline around...
I mean, this whole show thing.
Just the fact that you call it a show...
Oh, don't eschew the show.
Don't eschew the show.
If the checks were bigger, the show would be better.
Oh, the checks, the money, I see.
Yes, if the checks were bigger, the balances would be greater.
Your love of Bob is in direct proportion to how much Bob pays you, right?
Oh, I think Bob's love of me is in direct proportion to how many souls I destroy.
Bob pays through the nose, and I've worn out many souls pounding the streets in his service.
That's right, and I've hurt my nostrils trying to receive those payments.
I had my third nostril forcibly opened by a crazed wino.
Telegraph Avenue.
And that's the best way to do it.
That is really the best way, getting it on the street.
You don't have to get fancy about it.
You know, do it natural-like.
Get a, just...
You know, the ones that's out on the street.
There they are now.
That's probably where Bob is now.
He's probably walking the streets.
It's amazing how it's like a miracle.
Filling it full of money.
Just as we all are, he is only a delicate envelope of flesh.
Yeah, but he's been licked more than once.
He's a bag of skin filled with meat.
Just like...

Not like everybody, but it's special.
Establish justice.
I ain't afraid of all the gulls and altars.
I used to think if I died in an evil place,
then my soul wouldn't be able to make it to heaven.
But now...
I mean, I don't care where it goes as long as it ain't here.
So what do you want to do?
I'm going in to examine it.
Isn't that dangerous, even with the suit on, sir?
It won't take me long.
Very well.
He's reached bottom.
Open the lock.
Father.
Hold it.
Mary, what are you doing here in a radiation suit?
We are the first non-tax-exempt church around.
We're the first industrial church.
Huh?
And we're not disputing any of your belief systems,
because we believe in just about every one of them anyway.
Sir, I can't believe the weird things
that people get in their heads and start teaching.
J.R. Bob Dobbs, known among salesmen as the Saint of Sales.
It's actually a mystic sales ability.
Hey, man, these jokes are getting pretty stale.
Hey, who did you get these jokes from?
Hey, I don't know, man. The safety seal is broken.
Hey.
Hey, hey.
These jokes are getting pretty stale. Hey, who did you get these jokes from?

These jokes have been tampered with, man.
Hey, these jokes smell like bitter almonds.
Scott, get him out of here.
He's got a shame.
Where did these jokes come from?
In the sand.
Oh, the conspiracy's been full with our jokes.
We're the dirty ratin'.
Boy, well, let's see if this batch is any better.
And liberty and justice for all who believe.
And liberty and justice for all who believe.
Christ, my Lord.
Perhaps somehow this knowledge weighs on him more heavily than on many of us
who are able to bear our mortality without resorting to an elaborate trial.
Who is the first to be
Well, I haven't figured that one out myself yet.
Perhaps after the show you could show me how, Hal.
Well, how else can you explain the avoidance of humanity itself,
of simple human charity, of the fact of connection?
Well, it can be explained. It's a simple explanation.
The explanation for practically everything is available at your fingertips,
and it seems most of you in this room have forgotten it.
Now, what happened to the old, the old, you know, kill or kill me philosophy of some sort?
Hey, what happened to this, I mean, Bob was supposed to kill you, and you turn it around.
I died a thousand times.
All I want is a little crumb of bread, Ivan, just a tiny, just one bite of bread, and I'll come back to the church.
Throw him a face.
Just one, just one crumb of nourishment for one of the old faithful.
Oh, man does not live by bread alone. There's other things besides food that nourish you, Gary.
But just one crumb.
You had your crumb.
More tears.
I dropped my crumb.
Hey, hey, you want to buy some show?
Our show is scientifically engineered to reduce stress and fatigue, the world's most successful show,
and superb performance is only half the story. It's a legend in its own time.
However, improper listening techniques may lead some persons to dependency, seizures, cranial fits,
priapic conditions, micturition, sternutation, subtle glandular mutations, and in some territories, legal arrest.
Listen to the definitive, authoritative, informative, eye-opening, thorough, insightful, useful, complete, and original subgenius hour and a half of Slack.
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
You might end up summoning neither forces.
Neither forces.
We found out there's some things you don't play games with.
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
You don't...
People you say, you don't mess around with somebody else's religion.
The unprofitable servant will be in the judgment.
Call the next defendant.
Scott Camp to the bar.
Scott Camp, I sentence you to hell.
No, I have been saved.
I've been in church practically all my life.
Yes, you have grown up in church, and you have certainly had an experience with your God.
But the record reveals that you have been unprofitable.
And the word decrees that the unprofitable servant must be cast into outer darkness.
But when have I been unprofitable?
You have rebelled against my word, and you have stolen your Lord's money.
While you lived upon the earth, I permitted you to earn a good living.
As my servant, I gave you power and health to earn money.
And in return for this, I decreed in my word that a tenth part of those earnings were mine.
I left that 10% in your care, charging you to invest it for me into my church.
That the gospel might be preached.
But you, Scott, have rebelled against my word.
You have not only taken 90% which I freely gave you,
but you have been so covetous as to take the 10% also.
Did you know that rebellion is a sin of witchcraft,
and that no covetous person shall enter the kingdom of God?
Oh, sir, I tell you, I didn't realize it was so serious.
And if you don't want that to happen to you,
if you don't want the judgment in Dobbstown,
a recording of which you just heard,
to go against you like that poor Pobucker there,
Bob was mad at him because he was unprofitable.
And he didn't want us to be unprofitable either.
You can write for information, not about this station,
but about the church of the subject matter.
And I'm a genius, which so many of you hate.
You got that pencil or pen or tattoo needle ready, dear friends?
That's P.O. Box 140306.
It's got a nice ring to it.
140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
And just drop us a postcards with your address.
And...
Oh, yes, the harvest.
And we've gotten a lot of calls tonight.
Lots of great hate calls.
You know, I played some recordings of old hate calls,
and it's funny how they'll just follow that cue.
It just brings it out.
So keep calling and keep listening.
We love to know that you keep listening to something you hate.
That tells us a lot.
Thank you.
Anyway, we are gonna take a look
at theseusi AD's in acquired collection.
They must have beengies.
Here we go.
There we are.
And I'm a tool never to touch the jars
But sometimes I talk to the grains
When nobody's home
Electric static noises, lightning bolts
Well, you know, lightning bolts and ions jump out
Like a circus in a fireplace
My daddy has seven brains
Six he keeps on the shelf
And one that he keeps in his head that he doesn't tell anybody about
And he uses to play along with those TV game shows
Hold my hotmail, bitch
Hey, I'd like to make a reservation for tonight
At the Hallmark House Hotel
Tonight?
Yeah, you got vacancies?
We got lots of it
Oh, man, that's great
Because I'm just new in town
We just got to get a place to rest, you know what I mean?
For one person?
No, this is for two
For two, you want two beds or one bed?
One bed
One bed
32 plus tax
222 plus tax?
32
Oh, that's great
Now, do you have mirrors on the ceilings?
Because I know some of these fancy, whoop-de-doo Hollywood hotels
Have mirrors
No, we don't
Oh, no, I don't know if I want to do it
We don't like that kind of place
Oh, you're not that kind of place?
No, we don't like that kind of place
Well, wait a minute
3222?
What's that mean?
Now, let me ask you this
You got color TV?
Color TV and telephone
Oh, man, okay
Can I give you the reservation?
No reservation needed
When you drop by, what do you need?
Your ID
Oh, you'll have the vacancy, though
Yeah, we got lots of it
Okay, let me ask you this
Is adult photography allowed in the rooms also?
Sir, you've been asking me a lot of questions like that, okay?
I think you better go to other hotels
Well, if I pee on the floor
Can I drink it out of a Dixie cup if I can scoop it up with a straw?
No, you can't
Why not?
I don't know what kind of question you're asking
Well, if the bullfrogs were gagging on
This is a decent hotel
If you want that kind of a, you know, those kind of a hotel
You better go across the street
400, they got me on it
They got x-rays
Oh, man, oh, man
It's all an illusion
Yes, these were the old days, dear friends
We're listening to a 10-year-old hour of slack
What a trip down memory lane for me
And what a confusing mess for you
But that's all right
You don't want to know why I didn't do an original show this week
I don't want to know either
Praise Bob
It's all an illusion
It's all a lie
The one who flashed the badge
Calls your name and says
I am Special Agent Arnold Palmer
Acting under authority of Executive Order
Camp X-Day 666
BOM for your own good
And the security of the nation
We are taking you into the world
To protective custody
You need to know these facts
One, we are in a war to the death
In large means
The average subgenius doesn't even realize
The anti-Bob is fanatically lusting to destroy
Every last subgenius patriot
Even as they have done to our kindred
In Dobstown, in Bolivia
In any war
The most vital element is slack
Positive mental slack
This includes courage
The willingness to sacrifice oneself
For the good of will
Knowing one's own identity
Knowing who and what
The pink enemy is
Your plans
And your foe's plans
The pink boys
Although fifty times as many as they'll admit
Are still a ridiculously small minority
Compared to the Axists
Able to dominate a world because they're organized
They control communications
And thus are able to keep billions of victims
Misled, disorganized, demoralized
The lord of laughs
His highness of humbleness
Yea, let my humbleness rule the world
Nay, the universe
May my humiliation become a force
Greater than the gods'
Themselves
Hell yeah, I'm more humble
I've won humbleness contests
In ten galaxies around here
Hell, I can crawl over in a snake
Hell, I'm humbler than
Fifteen of them dudes out there
Hell, I out-humbled that guy over there
He came up and just
Threw some humiliation laughs
But then I just humbled him up the face
And then I humbled him in that
That I'm humbler than
Half the people you've ever met
Hell
He was humbler than half
Hell
Enlarge me
And then after that a pretty girl came up to me
A reporter for a famous newspaper
And asked me
Reverend Sterno
How did you find out about
The pink attack
Pardon my language but yee-haw
I said well, it happened
In the fifties
When Bob uncovered that rock
And she said the fifties
Dogstown will be saved
But not through me
It can't be newsword back then
Back in the fifties
Well, we want to know what happened two minutes ago
She said
In a Jack Daniels bottle
Leaving it for three weeks under her porch
Selling it to Kregger
Kregger mutating it
Kregger, of course
Functioning discombobulation ray
Selling it coast to coast
In the truck that was the actual drum kit
Used in the fourteenth Doctors for Bob show
When they required
That their drummer be not
And then they realized the conspiracy plot
Was actually not a conspiracy plot at all
But a conspiracy plot
To make people think there was a conspiracy plot
Why is there a limit of herb
And I've written up what Bob has all I think of me
And I know
Pardon me, what was that again, Dr. Howell?
Maybe our listeners would like to hear that the new edition of the Book of the Subgenius is coming out soon.


So you'll have to buy that extra copy
New cover?
Yes, and a different power shell code
Cross the threshold of reality and enter a fantastic imaginary universe
Who wouldn't you like to know?
Visit lands filled with mystery and magic
Splendid palaces where powerful dragons soar through the sky
Mystical unicorns comfort the pure of heart
And sprightly elves cavort in moonlit forests
Hey, Stang, we want our show to stay the same
If you bother messing with it, your plane won't land
And you'll go straight to your Bob
Peer over the edge of darkness
Well, hold on
Let Bob take my soul
Oh, so you like this, this, uh, this hodgepodge
I like the number nine
Nine is amazing
Satisfying
It's not stodgy, it's satisfying
The most satisfying number is nine
Four is not so hot
Four and eight are not that great
Oh, come on, yeah
Purely
New beyond
Cloud into cloud
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
And you'll fall for it
And you'll fall for it
And you'll fall for it
And you'll fall for it
And you'll fall for it

Come on
I heard my town
Hi, I'm interested in, uh, reserving a room for tonight
Do you have vacancies?
Yeah
Oh, that's great
And let me ask you this
How much does it cost for a room for two people?
Overnight
Oh, yeah, overnight
Nineteen dollar
Oh, that's a great bargain
That's a great
You know, you have the best bargain in town about?
Yes
About, for that?
Now let me ask you this, for single bed, right?
Yeah, just single bed.
Okay, now let me ask you this.
When they get the Delvecchio method interred within, did the youngsters do it?
I can't hear you.
Well, when the youngsters did it with the Delvecchio method, they didn't have it.
Have what?
Well, they had the salami meat with the cervix menstruating barners.
Now, at the Hi-Hat Hotel, do you allow youngsters to urinate on the floor if they smash bullfrogs on the head with sledgehammers?
No, I don't know.
Now, if I went to the bathroom and I found 11 bullfrogs gagging on cloves of hair,
do you think that I could desiccate them and eat the vital organs?
If I wouldn't be breaking the law, that is.
Yeah.
Would that be acceptable to the morals of your decency?
You know, the legless eunuch banded together and clumped with the corn stalks reproduced from all over 90 cases.
Yes, absolutely. Can you take my name?
Perry Strump?
Perry Strump.
It rhymes with hump.
Okay, what time do you come here?
About two o'clock.
Two o'clock?
And we're coming from another dimension, beyond the beams of electrons, beyond that which is known.
We are vibrating very rapidly at a higher energy level, but we plan to be with you.
Will you accept us?
You'll come to here, okay?
One more last information.
Tell me what they did with the youngsters.
Did the youngsters do it?
What?
Did the youngsters meet the salami unit?
I don't understand what you're saying.
Well, did the youngsters do it with the salami unit which they had?
I was trying to find out.
I talked to Karen.
I talked to Sarah.
I talked to...
I talked to Barry.
They didn't have any of the information that I wanted.
Please, please let me know, else I can't come to the Hi-Hat Hotel.
Yeah, okay.
Anyway, you'll come here and...
Barry had the plexiglass.
Do you got the tubes that were inserted into the nasal passages?
Yes, I did.
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?


Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?

Hello?




Yeah, watering and changing.
Yeah, that's that.
Get that paper.
Oh, remember that one?
We can share that!
Oh!
Those were the funnier things.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Good night, Prozent.
Yeah, hey, darkness.
Good-night, Matt.



Good-night, Matt.
That's one of the best紥R posts I ever haven't seen.
Good-night.
Good-night.
You've been working on it a lot, eh?
Yeah.
Go look at theütfen box, is he racing, Heove L suficiente, and Run seben Gutruf.


Good-night.
group of crazies there. Truby at one point answered one of those ads that you
see in comic books and men's magazines that say, send in your lyrics and
we'll turn it into a country western song, you know, for ten bucks. You get a
cassette back and they'd have put your lyrics to music. Well, he sent in a
pretty surrealistic poem and sure enough they made it into a song.
I got high last night on LSD. My mind was beautiful and I was free.
Warts love my nipples because they are pink.


Vomit on me, baby, yeah, yeah, yeah.
A blind man's penis is a wreck because he is blind. It's a wreck because he is blind.
A blind man's penis is a wreck because he's blind. It's a wreck because he's blind.
Let's make love under stars.
Watch for nipples.
Suddenly everything's going wrong. And what you gonna do about it, huh? What you gonna do to get straight, huh?
Ain't much you can do if you set all, set everything all, all messed up, out of balance.
You kind of get everything, feel like nothing's gonna work right. Get it, like, why'd you ever get out of bed in the morning?
It's worse.
You buying li Cross Travel.
But how did they do it then?
One seem to get like this.
Why, me, under a crossed rock and forest
Peace my makin', and Mr Cross is

make fun. Yeah. Oh, let's go. Let's go spray paint the graveyard. That's a good idea. Why
don't you go try that? Oh, let's go mess around. Let's go make a fake bleeding head
Arnold Palmer launch it. Oh, let's go set up our Bob altar and worship for aliens. Hey,
you just go ahead and do it. Hey, you just go ahead. Hell, we're in it as deep as you.
We took money for it, but we know our souls are damned. Not much we can do now, but try
to stay so fropped up. We don't think about it. And I frankly suggest that you may be
in it too deep to do otherwise yourself. Bobby, you used to Bobby ancient. Hey, you wanted
to be cool. You thought you'd get in with the cool set.
There was a cool set. It wouldn't let you. You just a Bobby, aren't you? We laughing at
you, boy. You just say, Hey, we, you kind of, we make fun of what's the matter. Don't
like to think about it. Huh? Don't like to think about it. She thought it'd be a good
idea to take acid and listen to a subgenius tape.
Hey, well, I hope you're having fun now. Pink boy. Shut up. Pink boy. That's what I said.
The zebra spills plastic on Venus and the gels and fingers.
Who's elected?
Marvis Ramona's died in hell and the Nazis want to kill the kill everyone.
Hey,
I'm blinded by any light. Been buried at the bottom of the dung heap so long that my
eyes are dead to any hope for a better tomorrow. Like a hideous deep sea fish. I'm going to




I have adapted to the blackest depths imaginable. Please forgive me if I perceive no light.
Been in hell so long that I'm accustomed to being berated by assholes.
I'm accustomed to being penniless and powerless forever. I'm accustomed to doing mob for mob
hicks.
I'm accustomed to being a toe-nit.

for incompetent dildos
and living on loose change
until Friday.
I am so accustomed to eating s***
that I am unaware of any other kind of nourishment
been in hell so long
that any escape routes are invisible to me.
Due to my adapted blindness
from dying in hell for so long
which was actually a conspiracy plot
which was actually a subgenius plot
which was actually a front for another conspiracy plot
which had been created by conspiracy robots
which had been created by subgenius robots
which in turn had been created by
subgenius robots
subgenius androids
which in turn had been created by
glowingly dark brain aliens
which had been created by the nine inch worm androids
which had been created by Kastner heads
which had been created by Mission Impossible team.
Good evening, Kilmartel.
Yeah, I'd like to make a reservation. Is that okay?
Reservation?
Yeah.
Okay.
For, uh, for what day?
Uh, for tonight. I'd like it.
For tonight?
Yes.
Okay.
Okay. Uh, this is for certain tribes and races of people
who have characteristic odors.
Pardon me?
Um, this is for certain tribes and races of people
who have characteristic odors.
Now, let me ask you this.
At the, um, uh, Cloud Motel, uh,
did the youngsters, uh, uh, find the plexiglass?
Uh, sir, uh, could you please, uh,
a little louder? I cannot hear you well.
Okay. Uh, let me ask you this.
Let me ask you this.
Uh, when you had the glassy and patchy glasses,
uh, enveloped over the retinas, uh, uh, the odor after coitus, uh,
was, was overwhelming.
Now, is that allowed at the Cloud Motel?
I don't know. Well, it's, uh, I cannot just hear you, but because it's, uh...
Uh, Terry, Barry, and Linda, uh, informed me that we could have had it done, uh, without surgery.
Is that correct?
That's correct.
Sorry, excuse me. Stay on.
Oops.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.

Yeah.
Yeah.















And it can be done while you sleep.
Yes, while you sleep.
One hour of positive, constructive repetition while you sleep
is equivalent to nine hours while you are awake.
Bob?
The message is now part of, in registers,
in your subconscious mind.
Every time you say, see, hear, or think.
Bob?
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message
without your being aware of it.
Wait, wait, wait.
I think.
Has that happened recently, do you know?
All the time.
All the time.
They have to have a source of supply.
But where do you people get these boxes?
In the ground.
On gathering nights, all come from boxes.
Clothes, wood, food, all from boxes.
When I'm born, she be put into boxes,
then dug up for great eating.
Do you know whether they ever come out
into the subway tunnels of the city?
I think so.
Right on underground?
Underground.
What do you know about the underground?
The elders say there is much good eating underground.
From the far horizons of the unknown
come transcribed tales of new dimensions in time and space.
These are stories of the future, adventures
in which you'll learn.
And the future will live in a million,
could be years, on a thousand maybe worlds.
X minus one.
Robot has landed at the foot of the tube, sir.
Switch on the intercom.
Robot.
Robot N71.
Identify this idea or goal and picture it clearly in your mind.
Don't forget to use your drift meter.
The music has gone and the mucus is up.
Oh no.
Hello.
We're really testing colors this morning.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Are you man or woman enough to take the church?
No man has ever oppressed me.
Yes.
As a matter of fact, we're planning the overthrow of the convention.
Ah, that's what we like to hear.
That's what we hear.
Ah, true.
Yes, yes.
Kill Bob.
Meanwhile, they are yours to inspect in the privacy of your own home, shop, office,
den for 20 years or express permission already withdrawn by the Polk, McKinley, Harding,
Dobbs, Coolidge, Mint.
They will be returned to the convention in a few days.

We only may authorize stamp your application with its own seal.
Looks easy, doesn't it?
But it won't come off.
Yeah, exactly.
We were right the day we started this thing.
Yes, that's why they shot it on your right because, uh...
Yes.
How long are you guys going to be on?
Uh, we're going to be on until they throw us out.
Or kill me!
Or kill me!
But there it went.
The owl.
The wallow in our intellectual omnipotence.
Doug shorted the show out and spent the whole thing in one little three second buzz.
Sorry, I didn't use up all of our tangible effects.
Stay there until you find the right place.




When you fall asleep, that means we're off the air.
When you quit listening to us, we'll no longer be there.
You have to make the primordial matter of nature stand up and salute.
Hey, Bob.
Woo!
Yeah!
Give me some of that.
Yes!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!










Oh, great.

You Jun dimensions are youcan have more fun, Bob.
Do you want to?
Yeah!

Do you want to talk to him?
I still want to talk to him!
I don't know how much time there is.

And that's how long Bob has gotta drag us out again!
Seriously, Bob.

but it's okay he's in a trap
all the party guests are just sipping big mixed drinks
this is the wall man dear friend the wall man
well i got bob with a fact about that
man
are making a spinach salad in the back
hey
hey bob i sit on your floor okay
so did i win the figurine or what yes you're going to get a figurine that
lights up revolves and dispenses free chowder
our miniature craftsmen have designed cast struck etched forged and finished
these authentic replications not available in any store even on this
radio station before they're commissioned literally without regard
for any quality they come with their own adoption papers and you can bring them
into their own home
uh but now by special arrangement from the postmaster general of guam
the 72-piece commemorative plant honoring you and the footprints of the
great jewel thieves of the french river mentioned earlier each in case in its
own watery silk caddy that revolves 360 degrees on genuine swedish ball bearings
has been cancelled sorry
yes indeed
oh it hurts but we can carry a collar okay hold on
oh
all right
all seismic signals will cause the simultaneous detonation of american warheads
of the court of
here hey oh yeah he had he could write a check yeah he could write a check all right
but who
is that
hmm yeah in the end the signature is always the same
signature is always the same
signature is always the same
you're hearing the voices now aren't you
aren't you a
it's merely a sport
to them
this is a special tape and they do it
these compressed sound effect code release words in the background
behind the voices
mister are designed to trigger those self-same voices in your head your own
head to generating those voices but guess what
yeah it's gonna be a
while before you can turn them off
the truth quick take your headphones off now
before it's too late oh quick take them headphones off oh go ahead
hey you think it's all a big joke oh yeah
somebody
In a moment, even now, reciting.
I play it for my friends.
They all think I'm cool.
In the mind you've convinced yourself you possess.
Soon to be replaced.
At your request.
Was it worth it?
Was it really worth it in the end?
Oh.
This soul water we squeezed out of you tastes real good.
Even at this moment, your consciousness is sending emissaries.
Fugitives.
Listen to them souls flying by.
Arguing this very moment.
You're going to end up like that, boy.
Arguing with sweetie.
The elder gods.
They think they're civilized.
They think their civilized sciences can explain away the forces.
The parchment is signed.
By your willingness to participate.
In keeping us afloat.
Just a little bit longer.
You did sign the application.
People say that life is good.
Yeah, thanks for what you have.
When all you have is nothing.
Nothing makes you glad.
People say that life is fun.
But I don't know why.
As far as I can tell.
Life sucks.
Then you die.
It's the man in the White House.
The man under the steeple.
Passing out drugs.
To the American people.
I don't believe in anything.
Nothing is free.
They're feeding our people that government cheese.
Turn to the 80's, idiot.
Idiot, idiot.
What you see is what you get.
What you get, what you get.
Listen to 80's good things.
Don't forget the golden rule.
What you see is what you get.
What you get, what you get.
What the hell you do is fat.
What you get, what you get.
Richie Redrose.
Richie Redrose.
Richie Redrose.
White puppy noses.
Richie Redrose.
Men with rubber hoses.
Go from here.
Or if you obey society's rules.
Or if you obey society's rules.
You will be society's fools.
You will be society's fools.

You will obey.
And then disobey.
And then disobey.
You'll disobey, but then you'll obey.
You'll disobey, but then you'll obey.
It's a beautiful world we live in.
A sweet romantic place
Beautiful people everywhere
The way they show they care
Makes me want to say
Hey, we can't really be dumb
If we're just following God's orders
Let's get serious
God knows what he's doing
He wrote this book here
And the book says
He made us all to be just like him
So if we're dumb
Then God is dumb
And maybe even a little ugly on the side
Dumb all over
A little ugly on the side
Who makes the rules?
If someone else
Who makes the rules?
Someone else
I see them go to work
I see them go to sleep
I see them on TV
I see them laugh and cry
I'm on the outside
I'm on the outside
I'm on the outside
Manic depression
Is touching my soul
I know what I want
But I just don't know
How to go about getting
Declined and fall
Fall down and be there
Declined and fall
I said fall way down there
I've been caught inside a deep sleep
See me fall down and be there

Thinking deeper after I forgot
That a smile
Is just a frown
Turned around
On the face of a clown
With a mean sleep
In my deep sleep
A very deep sleep
Sleepwalking as I watch myself
In a deep sleep
An endless deep sleep
I keep pretending that it's someone else
I'm on the outside
I'm on the outside
Now
This is where it all begins
Life sucks
Then I die
