We always have something very funny happens when we start.
The Self Genius Hour of Splash.
Just keep still, keep together.
I believe in that face!
That face!
That cliff art cut out of some old yellow pages and face!
And March 14th also, which is this Tuesday,
it's also Albert Einstein's birthday.
A lot of people didn't know that.
It's also Pi Day 3.14.
Oh gosh, where's my subgenius calendar?
Yeah, so anyway, here's, I'm going to open up these phone lines.
Hello, you're on the air.
I feel full of air right now, knowing what I don't know.
You know, I feel filled to the brim with things I don't know, too.
Dave has risen.
The vacuum expands.
That's right.
In fact, it's expanding.
It's such an explanation.
I'm worried right now.
I don't know if we can even talk about it.
We're just probably going to explode in a second.
Are you sure it's not yeast?
Because that's what I had.
A yeast infection?
Well, just all over.
Well, you know, I hear that Dr. What's-Her-Face can treat those really well.
Read the yeast particles?
Dr. Carolyn something?
Carolyn Dean.
Yeah, Dr. Carolyn Dean is an expert at treating those things, isn't she?
She reads yeast infections the way they read tea leaves?
Well, you know, apparently.
She can take your yeast infections.
She can actually make some tasty bread with it.
Yeah.
There's a...
I'm in a rap group called the Yeasty Boys, actually.
There's actually a rap group called the Yeasty Girls.
They make, like, crazy feminist acapella rap tunes, and I should...
I don't know.
They're kind of...
Well, you know, they're indecent.
So, you know, we're in safe harbor now.
Maybe I can get away with playing them later.
What's wrong with Yeasty Girls?
The Yeasty Girls, yes.
They have a song called F Yourself,
which is encouraging girls and women to take...
charge of their sexual gratification.
And, you know, not depend on...
on, uh...
you know, unreliable male companions for that kind of thing.
That's perverted.
That's against the Bible.
Yeah.
And they also have a song called...
We're just spreaders of something vile
rather than they're the incubators of such a thing.
Well, you know, they're good boys and bad boys.
You know what I mean?
We all want to share the love and drink wine
and break bread and stuff like that.
But we don't want to break bread if it's going to make us...
break wind.
And you know what?
And you know what?
If it weren't for the Yeasty Boys,
we wouldn't be able...
the yeast, you know, we wouldn't have...
we wouldn't have wine or bread.
What's the word that's alluding, you know,
to describe the Yeasty Boys?
They're very...
ha ha ha.
You know, they're very, um...
They have kind of a...
I don't know.
Full of, uh...
Kevets?
Fermented?
I'm full of piss and vinegar.
I don't know.
Yeah, that would work.
But, uh, I don't think it's yeast involved in...
Maybe they do.
I don't know.
No, no, no.
Hello, you're on the air with us.
Hello, you are on the air.
Hello, um...
First, I want to ask about the background music.
Is this, uh...
Is this like the instrumental version of El Norebi?
Is this from...
Is this somehow the Beatles' original track?
Or is this from a George Martin album, or what?
This is the original, uh...
It's actually from a Beatles anthology.
Uh, volume, uh...
Volume...
Two.
Two, yeah.
And, um...
Yeah, volume two off the Beatles anthology.
And, uh...
That's funny.
I should have people call in and freestyle over this.
You know, because it's so good to find instrumental tracks that people...
I wonder what would it sound like if somebody started freestyling over this.
Oh, if I would...
My problem is every time you add another person to the line,
it takes a little volume out...
Well, then you'll...
...of my hearing of it.
I don't know if it's just doing it to my brain, my ear, or the phone line, or...
Do you have a...
It causes structural...
Structural, uh, change in the brain.
You focus on the list...
I mean, the caller, which is a smaller voice.
And then your own voice grows smaller,
and you wonder if perhaps you're in some kind of weird, you know...
You're a weird...
No, my voice stays really big in my head.
But the...
But the caller is tiny, tiny, tiny.
And, uh...
Dr. Sinister is fairly big.
Well, that's...
I mean, it's the truth.
But you, Dave, sound...
As more and more people come on,
you sound lighter and more ignorant,
but yet more...
More fragrant.
More.
That's real.
Mumble more.
And when somebody sounds fragrant,
you know you're experiencing synesthesia.
Yeast fragrances?
What about the dead Miloseviches?
You haven't parsed that band yet.
Oh, man, the dead Miloseviches,
they...
They were great while they lasted.
My favorite, uh...
My favorite Balkan dictator was, uh,
Slobodan Milosevic.
Uh, and what did he do?
I...
I...
He, uh...
He was responsible...
He was responsible for some of the most, uh,
atrocious crimes of the, uh,
the Balkan Wars of the 90s.
Mine was Tito.
Marshall Tito?
Who doesn't love Marshall Tito?
Marshall Tito.
And I also like the...
What was the, uh,
the friendly sheriff guy?
What was his...
Gumpkins or Petervich?
I thought you were into Moshe and Kettler.
The sheriff of Nottingham?
He'd say things like,
Marshall, we're going to stomp in a...
You know, and they...
Oh, who can forget Pol Pot?
Pol Pot?
Eh, overrated.
Although the, uh,
The Killing Fields,
that was a...
That was a good movie.
We had, uh,
recently two...
to, uh,
uh,
dredge up the numbers
of statistics
for who is the
most vicious tyrant
who had killed the most people
and what wars had, uh,
caused the most, uh,
mass deaths.
And it was kind of a toss-up, really,
between Stalin and Mao and Hitler,
depending on the...
how you feathered the numbers.
Depending on how...
Yeah.
Because, uh,
about 30 million people
starved to death
during, uh,
some of the more tumultuous, uh,
parts of the war.
Right.
Yeah, but those...
You can't call those
direct murders.
Well, you can
because of the kind of policies
he instituted, um,
that caused the entire
agricultural system to fail.
I mean, they said that
we're going to...
He could conversely
blame the United States
for the genocide
of the Indians
by very scientifically
removing food sources
and trade routes
and just, uh...
And introducing all kinds
of horrible plagues that, uh...
Yeah, burning them out
pretty good, you know?
Yeah, actually,
I would say that, you know...
Actually, I mean,
new research all the time
is kind of...
coming up,
showing just how extensive,
um, a population
there was in North America
before...
that aren't around anymore?
I mean, a real lot?
I mean, actually,
some of the...
a lot of the Amazon rainforest
was actually man-made.
Some of it was.
I've heard this, uh,
this, um,
not hydrothol-like,
but danic,
von danic and light
sputter.
Sputter.
Sputter.
And now it's time
to cleanse ourselves
of that horrific experience
we just went through
and join the Feminist Kitchen.
We're gonna walk...
Because I've worked up
an appetite!
...walk on down
to Feminist Kitchen.
Sorry, sorry,
do I have to walk
Today we have an esteemed,
powerful woman, um,
guest,
a member of the hierarchy
of the Church of the Subgenius
and actually
queen of all UFOs,
Princess We Are Doe.
Um, for you
burgeoning subgenius out there,
you established subgenius
out there,
or just basically,
anybody who's ever
thought,
questioned that they were
better than anyone else,
this interview
is going to rock your world.
Princess We Are Doe.
Let's, let's,
let's speed it up.
Hello? Hello?
Just cooking up
some delicious treats in here.
It's time for me
to finally have my voice.
We're clearly soldiers
in petty coats.
Leaders for women,
our fathers.
Vote for me if you can,

Though we adore men
individually,
we agree that as a group
they're rather stupid.
Can you pass butter?
Cast off the shackles
of yesterday.
Shoulder to shoulder
into the fray.
Our daughters' daughters
will adore us,
and they'll sing in grateful
chorus.
Well, run!
This the suffragette!
Princess Wee, my god!
It's Princess Wee, live in your ear.
Princess, we're so happy that you could join us here today
and see some nutrition.
I'm so glad I could be here.
So, Princess.
Excuse me, as the man, I feel like I should take charge of this feminist kitchen.
For those of you listeners at home, we're talking with a woman who is up with the likes.
She is queen of all the UFOs.
She controls the pleasure saucers who will rupture us one day.
God, we're still waiting.
July is coming up.
Fifth.
I'm waiting.
I want to be ruptured.
Every second of every day, actually.
It could happen any time, you know.
Yeah, so...
You know, that actually...
Rake, if I may interrupt.
Princess Wee, I'm not trying to trap you here in a vicious cockfight,
but there's something I've really needed to get off my chest for the last ten years.
Okay, Amos, if there's any way you can make your voice louder to me, do that.
I believe so.
How's that?
Okay, beautiful.
Well, I've been a card-carrying subgenius minister since 96.
Wow, 96.

Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
And I speak not only for myself, but for all the subgenius men and women on this doomed rock
who would like to know when your private, you know, agenda
to make Bob and Reverend Sting look like the stupid men that they are
by holding back the pleasure saucers,
when are you going to let your domestic squabble go and let us get off of this doomed planet?
You're the queen of the UFOs.
That was a evil...
Evil cackle.
You know it, and I know it.
Look, he's not going to leave the toilet seat down.
He's just not going to do it.
But do you have to keep the exes from letting me experience the euphoria and pleasure?
That is my birthright.
Wise, wise, wise young man you are, I must say.
But I actually could never reveal the thing that you have asked me.
I'm sorry.
I understand that you've waited a good full decade to get the answer to that question,
and yet...
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
And I just can't reveal.
I'm sorry.
Can...
Is there anything we could do, maybe fiscally, to help that along?
Is there...
Like, listeners at home, is there any...
Like, could we do a pledge drive to raise a couple thousand million dollars?
I don't know how much it would take.
And then you'll release the pleasure saucers.
Oh, well, but of course.
There's an ongoing, constant need for funding at the Church of the Subgenius.
The Subgenius Foundation is always in need of sponsoring,
and any donations that are given,
we'll definitely go in that direction.
You can put your life on that.
And where do we send checks to?
Oh, you would send checks to Bob.
Just right.
It's kind of like Santa Claus at the post office.
J.R. Bob Dobbs, they just know where to send it.
Yeah, pretty much.
I mean, it's helpful to have the P.O. box number on there,
but you can just actually put Bob on an envelope,
and, well, it'll get closed anyway.
You know, we don't really have time to talk about Bob today.
I'd like to talk to you.
Let's talk about Connie, shall we?
That's fine.
A controversial, strong female force in the Church of the Subgenius,
arguably the most influential person in the Church of the Subgenius,
arguably even more so than J.R. Bob Dobbs himself,
just based on pure ability to swindle and to exert her will.
Have you ever met her?
Do you think she's the real power behind the pipe?
Well, Connie is definitely the real power.
I mean, that was very, very kind of you to have said what you said at the beginning of your intro to me,
but Connie is indeed the true power behind the power behind the pipe.
So, yes, you've named it, that's for sure.
And there are definitely not enough Connieites.
There's not enough support out there.
Reverend Stang is constantly complaining that women are always complaining that there aren't enough Connie products.
So he churns out quality.
Quality Connie products, and no one buys them.
Really? I mean, like, how about like an anti-wrinkle cream, a thigh-buster cream?
I mean, I want to look like Connie.
Well, I've actually considered putting on the market the only soap that I use
because it's a goat milk soap that's made in Lodi, Ohio,
by some people that actually, you know, milk the goats themselves, and they make the soap there.
That's the only soap I've used in the last 20 years.
And I've been considering marketing that.
That's my only beauty secret, though, that soap.
Well, in this day and age, marketing certainly is the only application that makes sense.
Dollars make sense.
And on that note, would you care to talk about the forthcoming book project you're working on?
The subgenius cyclopedia?
The Bobliographon, you mean?
Yes.
Yeah.
Well, yeah.
That is churning away on the third floor of this house as we speak.
It's being written.
It's being produced.
It's happening.
It's an exciting, happening thing.
And why should some of us faithful, subservient subgenius go out and buy this book
when we have, like, six at home?
Is this going to offer us more chances for rupture?
This is all new, all new stuff.
Everything in this book is not.
It's been seen before.
So this is definitely going to be revelatory of new, new things that all subgeniuses should see and know
and will want to see and know.
The good news is we just signed a new book deal.
Last week.
Last week, I suddenly was informed that it was time for, like, a third testament, you might say.
After the book of the subgenius in Revelation X.
The bad news is I have to have it completely finished, illustrated, and laid out in front of the cameras by May 15th.
So I'm starting to write it right now.
And you guys get the help, I suppose.
So these little notes I'm looking at are actually the first notes from the beginning of the book.
And I ask you, is there a 10-foot long spike stinking your wallet?
Is there a 10-foot long spike stinking your wallet?


And you're very face to your job, friends.
Are you serving two masters at all times?
Sometimes you can't crap or get off the crapper.
And that's where Bob comes in.
Bob can help the pea shy, my friends.
He's been in the pants of the man with the spastic colon.
He can be your diaper.
He will wipe and clean you spiritually.
Get rid of those false beliefs.
He's like the handyman.
He's like the diaper wipe.
And this magic dispenser of slack can be yours.
A little more.
I'm not trying to encourage anything.
Anyway, friends, a lot of us find ourselves trapped in this cage of only six dimensions.
And you can let Bob bell the cat that is your head.
You'll finally know whether you're coming or going.
You'll know exactly what you think.
But you'll have to pay for it.
Slow money for dark matter, we call it.
Something's been added.
Something's been removed.
How will you know once it's gone?
You've got that problem with any cult you join or any belief you start believing in.
One of our most beloved ministers, Reverend Onan Kanabite, said,
To sell a religion, you don't need all the answers, just one good answer.
And that's Bob!
That's that face!
You don't need to know what Bob believes or what he teaches.
You just need the damn head.
And if you look at it, those of you who look at that thing and instantly understand how
cool it is, you're subgeniuses already.
I probably don't have to tell you anything else.
And this show, by the way, is dedicated to the high school teacher in Ventura who just
a few days ago saw a bug.
Oh, my God.
A bug on his table.
And he had a 40mm grenade.
And he blew it up the bug?
That I used to fire with my blooper.
And he grabbed it.
And the damn bug went bam!
And he hit the bug.
With a grenade and it blew up?
In class?
In class, in front of everybody.
He lost his right hand.
And he lost his job.
Did it kill the other children?
No, it didn't hit anybody.
Amazing, fortunate.
Wow.
Yeah, just the whole thing.
He didn't know it was alive.
That it was a live grenade, huh?
That the bug was alive?
Yeah.





Yeah, the bug's no longer alive.
No, that the grenade was live.
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
He had this thing on his desk for years.
He's got a live 40mm grenade.
Grenade launch and wrap.
Okay, now I think it's time for Hal to read his original response written back in 1984.
Entitled, Soaking in the Sludge.
Dear Glug and Doob, what's with you guys?
Like, this tour wasn't any fun or anything.
I thought the purpose of the whole thing was that I personally could...

I should have a good time, but you jerks ruined my fun.
Why, you're all nothing but a pack of cards.
Yes, you so-called pros turned out to be euphorial, numinous mouseholes.
Paul, if you're through with my antique crystal radio, the one you said you needed to open
your performance with that last frantic night in L.A., I'd like it back.
Stang, that seance of yours was humiliating beyond words.
No wonder you wouldn't look me in the eye.
It wouldn't have fooled a Bobby Croc to the gilch.
Yes, I couldn't have been more
The dramatic image I'll carry around in my pants pocket for a lengthy interval is of
you oscillating your pinky below my nasal appendage while squeaking like a sphincter-plugged
Rotarian.
Don't you be worrying, if anybody believes in it, we've got their money.
If you got it, I didn't, which makes me the chump.
You left me holding the bag while certain others...
I did.
slug gimme's frisked and frolicked in Mother's Baw's palatial penthouse pad, probably accompanied
by his gall-derned girlfriend. Did you think I, the great Dr. Hal, was tentatively a convenience
or another one of your little sug-deemy whipping boys? What was the deal? I mean, this was me,
Dr. Hal himself, the master of church secrets. You were whinnying and bleating, too. I could
throw it all up, since, like the show itself, you were an emetic. Why is it that I, a genuinely
poverty-stricken artiste, received no plane fare or travel compensation of any kind? Really,
ten bucks is big news to me any day, but that fat cat, that plutocratic muckety-muck, the poke of
all New York, had all but thirty-one dollars paid of his travel expenses, his travail expenses.
Of course, I'm not a big-time
preacher or a nuclear materials expert like Keckhaver, or even a trained assassin like
the Brow. Must I resort to lewd exhibitionism like that Gabofram fellow to gain notoriety
in this so-called church? If you insist on making me the gollywog at the nuptials, wait
until you see my little dino-boy towel.
What was the barely articulated secret subtle guillotine blade of resentment I felt everywhere
I went?
What was the barely articulated secret subtle guillotine blade of resentment I felt everywhere
I went?
I went to the bathroom.
Huh?
You know I'm only in it for the collaboration, the late-night creativity sessions, the hearty,
masculine free interplay of fellowship and good, clean ideals, but I come up with the
ideas on my radio program, you steal them, and then somebody turns my microphone down
so you can get all the credit. I seem to be the gag writer for you guys. Yeah, you've
got a lot of nerve, Stank, printing my radio broadcast verbatim in that crummy little pamphlet
of yours.
than sending me your grocery lists when I asked for input?
Were you afraid we were shutting you out of our radio show?
Doesn't Doug constantly send you tapes of our performances?
Haven't we telephoned you during our 4.30 a.m. broadcasts again and again?
You simpering hypocrite.
My loyalty to you is unquestioned.
We never do a show without mentioning you,
but for that kind of treatment, at this kind of wage,
I'll go back to legitimate theater.
That'll show you.
Now, I didn't know what to expect when my train pulled into L.A.,
but I certainly didn't anticipate waiting
through lustrums and epicycles of cosmic time
to be picked up, and waiting in vain.
I couldn't believe that I was hooked up with such a bunch of bushleaguers.
But nobody came, and I was forced to rent a car,
despite the expense,
just because no taxi drivers would take me into that part of town.
Those precincts in the colorful Barrio de los Boratos,
section of Los Angeles,
wherein stands the stately Alexandria Hotel.
The hotel, oh, best beloved,
the hotel, how could I have been prepared for its retrofitted third-world charm,
for the tasteful red-plush Mexican velvet painting-style ambiance,
for the Latino wedding scheduled in our exhibition area,
at the same time as we were scheduled there,
for the bustling pharmaceutical exchange,
eternally,
active in the gentlemen's lounge and adjoining areas,
for the scientific thrill of collecting,
right on the premises,
our own three-foot field specimen of Ratus norwegicus,
only slightly decomposed.
Most of all, I remember the bungling of Guyon de Cruel,
our social director,
when he said he'd fix me up with a beautiful babe
who could out-speechify the late Vince Lombardi
for a deeply meaningful, warm, and sweet,

soul-sharing encounter with our comely stage manager,
particularly since I distinctly heard him utter a phrase
containing the word manager, as I handed him a slight premium.
But here, too, I was destined to be surprised.
Do not expect me to reveal the details of my night of passion
with Senora de Botulisma, the hotel manager at the Alex.
However, as a gentleman does not discuss that sort of thing in public.
Was it out of pique, then, I wonder, that Siri dragged the podium petulantly,
over the cable to the organ,
cutting off the accompaniment to my musical number,
when I attempted to sing my moving hymn to Dobbs,
Bob is My Story.
Face it, it was a great song, but you gang of no-talents
all saw fit to conspire against me
just because your puerile adolescent attempts
at fulfilling your juvenile rock-and-roll fantasies
couldn't out-a-sludge with the ultra-sophisticates of the L.A. hip-wimp set.
But you had to go on and on,
way too long, exhausting the shallow patience of the crowd,
until, during the scant forty-five minutes of my song,
while that was going on, every ten minutes,
more and more of precisely the people who can best appreciate subgenius,
which is to say, appreciate my stuff,
left in droves.
Yes, history could have been made that night, but what can I say?
Being too short-sighted to turn the show over to me,
you all blew it completely.
At the time, it seemed that we were in a tight spot.
The audience was getting in an ugly mood.
We could even have been on the threshold of an S.O.B. club type of incident.
It seemed then that it would have been disloyal to whine and complain.
Now, however, it seems like a great idea.
Uh, His Holiness Dr. Howell, Master of Church Secrets,
P.S. Paul, you can forget my velvet dino-boy painting.
Just send me a grand and we'll call it even.
Hey, he does owe me a velvet dino-boy painting.
Hey, suddenly it comes back.
Wow.
Because that's the way the church is.
Coming back years later to stick up a fish.
He's slapped in the face with a fish.
The tar baby of religion is sticking up a fish.
You know that letter had certain points of accuracy.
There was a giant dead rat in there.
And there was a giant foam head.
And there was a giant horrible, screaming, spitting hotel manager also.
Yep. And there was a giant Lies riding around with a bullhorn, being a little dictator.
Yeah, he was like beyond control, I understand.
Way back in mountain time where the skies grind against the pavement.
You'll find the flavors that taste so good you'll have to savor the paste of yurd.
You say, what's the paste of yurd? I never heard of it.
They ain't got it in the store. I never heard of paste of yurd.
Well, it's pretty good paste. I've used it on my wife.
I've got some papers and my glue's taste good.
It tastes like the draper's been dopping up a gravy boat.
Pasting on my head, I love to eat it.
Doss of paper.
Got some monkeys on my shiny box head.
Got a dog, a cat, I've got eight foxes.
I got a big old smashed up orange Cadillac.
I pick up chicks, I drive home when I got three in the back.
That's a load to take her home.
I pick one up at six and one up at eight.
I pick up a couple more and I'll swing back at ten.
I got four girls in my car, it's time to take them home.
To my home.
Standing the line, two at a time, times two is plenty.
It's what I do.
Sally and Jane, you go in first.
The others can play in the living room and warm up the hearse.
I gotta delegate authority.
Get yourselves warmed up because it hurts my wrists.
To do all the work, the work for four women.
Delegate authority.
Jane do this and Margie do that.
Edwina do this and Sally do that.
Sometimes I do it all via the telephone.
I've got a team of scientists, supercomputers running my log of life from an electronic tube.
I've got a device in my ear, a device in my leg.
I've got four mechanical dicks tied to my waist.
Sex in the future.
Jane never understood the problems that I had.
The high tech solutions and the way she seemed drab.
I made her fuck a robot pill accord at the three wind.
Finally she was ready to come sit with me.
Get in the truck.
Jane wouldn't fuck the robot.
Gotta keep in the closet.
Come on everybody's fucking my robot.
Gotta keep in my closet.
I don't like to spend a lot of time on foreplay.
So I send my robot.
To play the games.
I ain't got time to play.
I ain't got no time for foreplay.
When you go to the doctor's office the nurse comes and talks to you and makes you wait a long long time.
The doctor just kind of comes in and takes care of business and leaves.
That's how I do it.
I don't have time for foreplay.
Not really interested in that because assembly line fornication requires a lot of delegation.
Delegation of authority.
You need a big mechanical robot in the closet that does exactly what you say.
Sometimes the robot gets lost and does the wrong thing to the wrong thing.
You walk out and the robot is mounting the refrigerator.
Very unhappy women are sitting on the couch smoking cigarettes.
Things have gone astray.
Robot.
Robot.
Unhand the refrigerator and mount Sally.
Robot.
Do what he's told.
Robot.
Away from the air conditioner.
Robot.
Mary.
Do the robot.
Mary do the robot.
Do the robot does you.
Robot.
Mary.
Do the robot.
Mary do the robot.
Do the robot does you.
Sometimes I just watch as the robot works its way through the window.
What they are looking for.
And the robot still isn't there.
They just stop there.

Childhood.
Uh-huh.
Cute salespeople.
Y бр emerging in immersedということ in a really nutty world, and I'm asking myself whether
One, two, three.
Robot, destroy!
Your ill will and fornicate with these women.
Prepare them.
Prepare them for insertion into the device.
Prepare them.
Robot!
Do as you're told.
Robot will not obey one afternoon.
I don't know what I'm going to do with my robot.
Robot!
Soul harvest.
Soul harvest.
Evil games played with evil women.
Oh, poop on it.
Robot.
That was and will be Johnny Future.
And this is Hour of Slack.
Number 1045.
Earlier, we heard Dr. Howl on Puzzling Evidence with Philo and Kitty.
And a live subgenius preaching at Winterstar of 2006.
Thanks to Ace of Cleveland and Princess We on the feminist kitchen of Reiki,
and Amos Happ on free radio Santa Cruz, Price Bob,
and Dr. Sinister's radio.
And kul-Buy Cinnazesia from WCSV in Cleveland threw someeder and mom lessee Grand Chon gren.
Read more above for more information at www.we砸sg Meth wizard пом
Delishes calcium helps grown ups to more vigorous runs.
All therrse第三 più kazium�를 y more vigorous xeonunسم das canoes.

Calsium helps you runs.
And all there is calcium.
Calcium helps you to enjoy more active runs.
And now there's calcium.
Yes, I creaky smooth delicious calcium cook instantly.
Okay, so aside from vengeance against the normals
whom made fun of me.



of us in junior high for wearing glasses. And aside from mindless abject worship of Bob, no matter
what he says or does, what are we into? Friends, the subgenius must have slack. Slack is what it's
all about. In fact, we thought about naming our new book Slack with a Vengeance. But I think it's
actually going to be called the Bobliagraphon, a subgenius cyclopedia. But the ancients knew slack,
friends. The yetis of fabled Mutantus built a great slack crystal that powered their whole
advanced civilization and allowed them to create the humans in a test tube. That was a terrible
mistake. They abused the knowledge of slack, friends. And that brings us to the question,
can there be too much slack? I hope not. Slack, what is slack? Of course, if you have to ask,
as you know, you'll never know.
No, wait. No, it's, those who know don't say, and those who say don't know.
I don't know. Maybe I do know, since I don't know anymore. I'm starting to forget.
We can teach you to forget, friends. You can learn to forget.
Slack can be gravitational. It can be electromagnetic. But usually it's glandular,
friends. The wrong parts of the body can exude a type of slack.
Slack can be unseemly, wrongful slack. And there are some people, and this is sad, there are some
people who have conditional slack. Oh, I'll have slack when I get that raise. Oh, I'd have slack
if I could get, oh, three-week vacation a year instead of two. I'll have slack if that beloved
one would only love me back. Oh, oh, I know what slack really is. Slack is when you know which bands
are cool.
Friends, I am sorry, but most of these people would not know slack if it was lethally injected
into their collapsing veins. The devil owns you, friends. The devil owns you and me and
every one of us. But he doesn't own Bob. He owes Bob. The devil owns you, but he owes Bob.
You are one of Bob's payments to the devil.
Where would you rather be, my friend?
Would you rather be in the devil's back pocket or in Bob's?
Bob's playing pocket pool with me.
You can reach down there and feel that slack. Oh, yes. Your subgenius heritage is just running down
your jeans in no time. Slack, such the case may be. You can become a fount of slack, not a sponge.
Once you have slack, it just radiates everywhere. You can chew the slack.
You can chew the cud of slack forever. Just keep, because if you really know what, slack is just
appreciating what slack you already have. That's the honest truth. And it's sad, but the way that
most people finally learn how much slack they have is when it's taken away. And suddenly they go,
oh my God, I was complaining that I didn't have enough money and I was rich as hell all this time.
And I'm sure you can all think of a different example of that. I personally am married to slack
in the form of Princess We Are Doe over here. We have a kind of a, but neither one of us has a
complete brain cell anymore. But you might say we have a kind of a joint brain. She represents one
type of subgenius and I'm another type. She is what we call a rewardian and I'm an emergentile.
Emergentiles are the ones that actually get slack from working too hard. It's hard to explain.
We don't just eat that hamburger. As Bob said, don't just eat that hamburger, eat the hell out of it.
The rewardians, on the other hand, have this whole, they have their own rituals.
Rest implants. These are cake handling. Pyrocrastination.
Low browsing. Follow the gold-breaking road. And just eating a hamburger.
The Church of the Subgenius, friends, pardon my language, it's like having a pet you can fuck.
And that brings us to the magic of the Church of the Subgenius.
One of our spouting partners on the radio show, lonesome cowboy Dave. Dave noticed a high quotient of what we call idiot synchronicities last week.
You know, well you'll find out when you leave tomorrow, probably every newspaper you'll still have the name Bob on it or something like that.
Or you'll see some sign that says slack and then you'll see another one. Synchronicities, you know.
As a result of the radio show.
And as I told Dave, I said, look, it was a full moon last week and your lunacy causes you to notice those things.
Bob makes simple coincidences happen so that your human brain will misinterpret them as being meaningful.
But it's the same difference, see? If you think it's meaningful, it is. That's the magic.
That's how the magic happens. Why does Bob do this? So that you'll feel special.
So that you'll feel like Bob.
Your $30 for that Subgenius minister's card was not wasted.
It makes you feel that the magic is happening and it is. It's the magic of your mind, your human mind, misinterpreting such a simple thing as magic.
But, you know, the magic world has been cluttered by a lot of kookademic jibber jabber.
You know what I mean?
Sometimes it seems like magic.
It seems like the people who believe in the magic are the most unlucky.
And self-reassuring bullshit tends to be self-regenerating.
And that's why we see so many pests in our community who never got past mysticism 101.
They get just far enough to where they can start generating their own bullshit and they just eat their own.
They eat up their own crap as fast as they can spew it out.
There is not exactly.
They eat up their own crap.
There is not exactly mysticism 102.
And the ones who know that are the ones who are teaching mysticism 101.
As Bob said, shit in one hand, puke in the other and see which one fills up first.
And that brings me to the problem of subgenius kooks.
Yes, believe it or not, there are kooks in the church of the subgenius.
You know, well, that's a mean thing to say.
I mean, you know.
We're all kooks on some level.
But I've got to admit, there are times when I regret the fact that the church of the subgenius does, yes, make assholes worse.
It's not the only one in the cult that does that.
You know, but hump them if they can't take a joke, I guess.
The pink boy's got a Bob complex.
And so we find these people who take themselves real seriously.
And when they find out that, like, if you don't take yourself real seriously and they find out you don't take yourself real seriously,
they won't like you because that indicates that you may not take them all that seriously either.
And I know that you know who I'm talking about.
Half of you are going, yeah, that guy's sitting next to me.
Some of us, luckily, take drugs seriously.
But I'm not talking about your conspiracy street drugs.
All that stuff that they're having the war on.
We're trying to get people to turn their heads inside out.
To make your head examine itself.
Not a pretty sight.
But by studying J.R. Bob Dog's frappetic utterances or listening to his prophecy on the hour of slack.
Well, that's the thing.
We put together these media shows that are designed to replace drugs by devolving your mind down far enough to make you almost normal.
And then suddenly their music sounds good.
One time I took, when I was in college, I took a bunch of Thorazine.
And for the first time, Black Sabbath sounded fantastic.
I hate to say it.
Yeah, but yeah, the drug of the church and the subgenius can make you so stupid that you're almost normal.
Which for a subgenius is really pretty messed up.
It's like being high, only a lot stupider.
Now, we've noticed over the years that pot, marijuana, and the church of the subgenius have something in common.
They both attract both very smart people and very dumb people.
And we figured out that the very smart ones like pot because it makes them feel dumber.
And the very dumb people like pot because it makes them feel smarter.
The church of the subgenius helps prevent...
smart people from thinking they're smarter than they are.
And it prevents dumb people from thinking they're dumber than they are.
And they both like the way pot makes them feel.
And they like the way the church of the subgenius makes them think.
Now, many ask, Reverend Stag, Bob's smoking that pipe!
I bet I know what's in that pipe, man.
What were you guys on when you came up with that stuff?
Does the pipe equal drugs?
Nay!
Nay!
The pipe does not mean drugs.
Friends.
The pipe, that pipe stem is a tunnel to knowledge.
That's what it's a pipeline to eternal slackdomness.
Your path to the very lungs of Bob are in that pipe.
If you can butt, throw your butt into that pipe and light yourself,
it's better than sex or crack, my friends.
And the meaning of life lies at the other end of Bob's pipe.
So you have to ask yourself, are you ready?
You thought the fundamentalists were crazy.
You can be a billion times crazier.
Yes, friends, you can, as Bob said, you can relax in the safety of your own delusions.
Pull the wool over your own eyes.
You're still blind, but at least it's your wool.
And as I said, the point is, Bob can teach you to forget.
You can learn to forget. You can forget your old life.
Oh, oh, Bob, I tried to be normal, Bob.
But they called me nerd.
They called me Trekkie.
They called me old one penis.
It's just not fair, Bob.
Friends, that's why it's up to you to pull yourself up by your own big red straps.
Tomorrow might be X day.
We don't know what time.
Why do you even think this planet is Earth?
Do you know that for sure?
I don't know. You're so sure of everything.
But you know nothing. You know nothing, I tell you.
Oh, but Bob's immaculation.
That didn't really happen, did it, Reverend Stang?
That's just a metaphor.
Bob was just a man, that's all.
Just a teacher. A great teacher.
My God!
If the immaculation was nothing but a metaphor,
then the whole Church of the Subgenius might as well be just a joke.
Friends, you have got to let loose.
Just the Bob in you.
Beat the slack into that child.
Speaking of which...
Uh-huh.
Actually, I'm going to recommend a book.
Have you heard this name?
If I may, my opinion, I enjoyed reading this book.
It was called 1491.
And it just came out last year.
So it, uh, you might find that in your public library.
Who wrote that?
I can't remember the guy's name. Let me look that up here.
There's a wonderful book called,
A Distant Mirror.
I think the author's name is Barbara Tuckman.
I could be wrong, but the title is A Distant Mirror.
She's a historian, and this particular book,
uh, is a really vivid account of life in, around that time in Europe.
The 1300s and 1400s, when the plague hit, and the Crusades were going on.
She followed a, had a particular French nobleman who had a lot of,
whose life was well recorded.
Looks like the author's name was, uh, Charles C. Mann.
With two N's.
On 1491.
1491.
What a fake name.
On, in the year 1491,
Columbus had a little son.
Bob Numbus sailed the ocean scum.
That's the year, uh, Henry VIII was born.
Bottled Numbus.
Well, there are crackpots who believe that, uh, Amerigo was, uh,
some kind of Masonic super-Uber land that, uh, this fake Christopher Columbus was sent to.
Uh, I don't know why they want to take credit for the guy.
I guess he turned out to be a little bit nasty.
He and his brother kind of went mad, you know?
Mm.
Have you ever heard these tales of, uh, wiping out the Arawaks and the Caribs of millions and millions of people just by being real jerks?
Uh, you know, I've, I've heard a number of, uh, stories about, uh...
Yeah. I, I hear stuff like that every Columbus Day.
Yeah. And, and, uh, in Mexico they call it Dia de la Raza.
They consider that, like, the, uh, the anniversary of the first, uh,
founding of, of their very culture.
Because it, it's like the three-way.
Yeah, well, you, you have the, uh, the Spanish culture merging with the, the local, uh, you know, Indian culture.
And then they merge together to form the, the third culture.
And so that's a really big holiday in Mexico, I guess.
I did not know that.
And Italian Americans are, tend to observe it more, too.
Because, you know, Columbus was a famous Italian who did great things.
If you want to call them.
No.
I mean, I, I, sure, they're great.
Some of them were greatly bad.
Some of them, uh, I don't know.
If a certain sea battle had gone a different way, this would probably be, we'd all be speaking Portuguese.
Well, that's, that's conceivable.
Or Spanish.
Or if, um, Benedict Arnold hadn't been caught, Canada would be part of the United States right now.
Now, I understand there's a movie out called, uh, Confederate States of America, or CSA.
Yes. It's a fake documentary.
Right.
A fake documentary about what if the South had won the Civil War.
America ends up siding with Germany during World War II, I believe, and, and bombs Japan on Pearl Harbor Day.
Wow.
There's, uh, there's another.
I can't wait to see this movie.
There's a series of.
It sounds really, uh, and, oh, and because of slavery still happening in the United States, uh, the slaves, uh, flee to Canada.
And Canada becomes the home of rock and roll, jazz, free expression.
Right.
Well, that's conceivable.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, if there is a second Civil War, it'd be like on the, on the level of a Cold War, wouldn't it?
Well, this was a, a what if, uh, the, the South had won.
Right.
Actually, I'm gonna recommend another, uh, an alternate history book, uh, by an author named Harry Turtledove.
I can't remember the.
Yeah, he's well known for alternate history.
Yeah, he, he wrote an excellent one about, um, well, I think it's excellent anyway, um.
Did he do that Rutger Hauer movie, Fatherland?
I don't know.
Fatherland, he goes back to kill himself like all of, what's his name's principal.
He's, he's Hitler's son, right?
All right, I'm gonna free up a phone line here.
Hitler's like, uh, reptilian Diogenes' son or something like that.
Six days, seven.
He goes, he takes a time machine or some sort of one of the new government sex pills or something like that.
He goes back to 1939 and he becomes, uh, Hitler's favorite guy and then later kills him.
Or tries to.
Yeah.
Is that, is that the, pretty much the premise of it?
No.
No.
No.
No, actually in, uh.
I think you're thinking of, uh, Life of Bob chapter three, the Neuronicon.
The Neuronicon?
Yeah.
The Encyclopedia Neurotica.
That's a strong one.
Went back in time.
He killed Hitler, but he also had, he accidentally, there's a Futurama based on this.
He accidentally killed his grandfather, so he had to make love to his own grandmother so that he would be born.
But in a way, fathering himself.
Grandfathering himself.
Grandfathering himself.
Ah, my own grandpa.
In his DNA, he was resistant to, uh, uh, rays that, uh, these flying brains would emit that would make people stupid.
He was immune to that.
Well, Hitler was his own, uh, uncle and his own cousin or something like that.
He was, uh, a little inbred.
Well, these are Hellenized myths.
You know, when you create any new hero, you have to come up with some kind of supernatural birth or death.
Like in the case of Bob there, having sex with his own grandmother is not something that you can do.
It's something that, you know, most of us haven't at least dreamed of.
The idea to be self-born.
You know, I've seen some pictures of, uh...
Chicken sandwiches, and that's, that's the real lure of it.
Germany consented to incest because they knew that they had to populate the fatherland.
They didn't care, you know, uh, how they, how they created babies just as long as they were creating babies.
And that the gene pool remained pure.
Anytime we populate or have sexual, even with ourselves, we are trying to maintain the fatherland.
We're trying to reproduce to replete the depleted mankind accordion.
We're trying to bring ourselves as the only creature.
No, it doesn't count if you're just, like, onanning into your, uh, Kleenex.
Yeah, we're gonna...
That's so bleak.
Oh, dear.
That's such a bleak view.
Onanism is pure semiotics.
That's all I'm doing is just masturbating when I'm doing this.
Onanism is pure semiotics.
And, uh, with that...
Oh, boy.
Actually, that's in the intro sequence to my shows.
Somebody's saying, onanism is pure semiotics.
Well, nano-onans are, are what we're all created.
We're, every subgenius is created out of quadrillions of nano-onans that seek to, to change whatever, whatever they encounter.
That's a creepy thought.
Nano-onans?
I'm sorry, I was born from, from a, from a mega-onan.
Well, I just crawled out of one of those yeast infections and here I am.
I don't see anything, uh, period.
Hey, it's almost yeaster.
Some, uh, you ever have a beer that has, uh, yeast on the bottom of the bottle?
A beard?
Beer with yeast on the bottom of the bottle?
Oh, I've had a yeast infection in my beard.
Not in your beard.
It's my pubic goatee, so it's...
Right, right.
Never mind.
Never mind.
I'm talking about bottle conditioning of, uh, tasty fermented beverages.
But anyway.
I don't know about you, Neves Niscus.
Don't leave me alone with these clowns, please.
Pleasure is where you find it.
And many of us are not alone.




And here comes the guy in your head.
A bottle that's a bottle.
Bottom of a bottle.
And stumble around for a long time.
Yeah, we...
You know, I'm, uh, I'm, I'm seeing triple vision right now as we speak.
Beer goggles.
Your eyes are not blurred.
You actually grown new retinas.
No, Reverend Triple Vision just entered the station.
No wonder nobody can see him three times.
I'm going to kill you.
I'm going to kill you.
Wednesday.
Man shot an arrow into the air.
Completely gone.
When did your first lose contact?
Contact was broken.
Bob's commanding.
They shot an arrow into the air.
Naked News TV is here.
We're doing it naked.
Uncharted asteroid.
And as of this moment, there is little certainty.
We're in bad shape.
It's hot, see?
It's very hot.
This man's gonna die!
That's odd.
I'll kill you!
Spoiler for the game.
Did you see?
Well, maybe I could get some kind of a fix.
I went west towards nothing.
I wanna know why.
You're out of your mind!
I was wrong.
I must have been wrong.
He was trying to tell us something.
What do you suppose he...
You're demented.
You're out of your mind.
You're already...
This is a jungle where only the tough animals survive.
Think, think.
Probes at the back of your head.
If you stop, maybe sanity will get you by the throat.
Oh!
We never left the Earth.
We just crashed back into it!
Practical joke perpetrated by Mother Nature.
Small human drama.
And of course, the Twilight Zone.
Noriel Preff did that.
And you are listening to the Hour of Slack from the Church of the Subgenius.
Of famous subgenius.com.
The background music is The Amino Acids.
Smogon.
Produced and directed by Virginia Moo, Ralph Moo, and Sammy Moo.
The script was specially written for Smogon by Sammy Moo, Ralph Moo, and Virginia Moo.
With editorial supervision by Ralph Moo, Virginia Moo, and Sammy Moo.
The music was composed and conducted by Virginia Moo, Ralph Moo, and Bill Moo.
Sound patterns by Ray Moo and Sammy Moo.
Featured in the cast were Sammy Moo, Ray Moo, Bill Moo, and Ralph Moo as Cock.
And Virginia Moo as Kit-Kit.
Join us again next week for another specially transcribed story on...
The Smogon.









Smogon.
And thanks to WCSB for letting us use their microphones and recorders.
Here's hoping it all blows up real soon.
Uh.
And now...
Uh.
Arrhythmic dodges from the Prince of Pants.
Excuse NCI.
This is Ape World.
I-I-I-I'm President Bush.
I'm President Bush.

The winners of the record-breaking, record-breaking, break-break-breaking, bald power pot jack step forward Wednesday to claim their prize.
The eight co-workers from North and South America, Europe, Africa, and Asia will each receive about $22 before taxes.
Lawmakers on both sides of the aisle are calling for increased scrutiny of a deal that would allow increased scrutiny of the White House.
There is nothing wrong.
There is nothing wrong.
There is nothing wrong.
There is nothing wrong.
And President Bush will name 15 new Cardinals Wednesday.
The new Cardinals come from Nebraska or in Iraq.
Dozens of Cardinals have been attacked.
Dozens of Cardinals have been attacked.
The project of burned-in retaliation from 11 new Cardinals eligible to vote is-is-is-is-is-is-is-is-is-is-is including Ape World.
The Arvetleyna.
Throughout history, gigantic creatures, pastors, and saints have been born in the church pulpit.
The Arvetleyna.
In a moment, I'll tell you about the gigantic pastor who stirred himself before he could complete it and has remained at Mount Vernon ever since.
The Arvetleyna.
What are your dreams for ten years from now?
Perhaps you'd like to abroad.
Ten years, comfortable broads will certainly be available.
Well, if you've been counting on future leisure broads,
or a college broad for your children,
or a time abroad of your own,
the solution is still the same.
My broads.
Purchase them the easy, automatic way where you work,
through the broad of the month plan.
Broad are profitable.
For every $3 invested today,
you'll receive four mature broads.
Remember, buy a broad through the broad of the month savings plan.
Recently, in a big eastern city,
a group of trained housewives asked this simple question.
What food do you buy?
An overwhelming majority of housewives said they preferred to buy small children,
and by a ratio of more than 8 to 1,
they insisted on prepared babies packed in glass.
Here are the reasons.
First, you can heat, serve, and store leftover babies in the same glass container.
Second, you can buy an increasing number of the better brands of young, sterilized babies packed in glass.
Four.
Four.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Yes, sir.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Yes, sir.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.

Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.

Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
A word of advice for those of you who suffer.
Who do you know about the little white tablet?
Just waiting for the moment when you need them.
Best for any kind of distress.
Keep under control.
The modern formula has never been surpassed for effectiveness.
Only 49 cents.
Impulsive spending and goals and...
Things like that.
Dope everybody up.
Right.
Dope everybody up.
And...
Yup.
Dope everybody up.
And...
Yes.
Just dope everybody up.
Yup.
Dope.
Dope.
And, uh...
Dope.
Dope.
1240 PM.
Uh-huh.
Certainly is.
What's your problem?
No, no, not at all.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Yes.
Yeah.
No.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No.
Yeah.
Right.
