Bud Light presents the subgenius power of swag.
Today we salute you, real American heroes.
Don't stay in too long, or everyone will shout.
Finish quickly and come back.
Get my headphones.
My hat ears here.
Where is everybody?
Everybody's wandering around in the staff area.
Hey, somebody broke the arm off this chair.
Hello, test.
Check.
Check!
Check!
Okay, now if I hunker down low, then I can put the headphones on.
But I still can't fit my hat on.
Now that's somewhat disconcerting for those of you that are aficionados of late night hat wearing, such as I,
that you can't quite accomplish the task.
It reminds me of that time we stood out on the balcony and we debated the concept,
the absolute unfairness of the concept of fairness.
Have you ever thought about that?
No.
No.
A basic idea of fairness is unfair to someone.
It's unfair to those who want more.
It's unfair to those whose appetites are insatiable.
It's unfair to those who are basically unfair in their nature.
Those with whom the concept of fairness is essentially unfair.
Well, is it fair?
that we are forced to do the show all by ourselves.
No, that's unfair.
And yet we are dominating the unfair airwaves of the show
with our fair speech at this time.
But it's tricky, as my kook emailing friend Ahmed said,
God is the only one who is lucky and can kill anything he wants.
Strange way to look at it, but it's true.
Nothing is fair.
In fact, things are so unfair.
When you're driving home from work, I bet things seem more unfair than normal.
Princess Wee here got home from work in her usual foul mood
that the conspiracy puts you into.
And she said something so good I made her write it down.
Nothing is fair.
The only thing that is fair is knowing ahead of time that nothing is fair.
Nothing at all will ever be fair.
And no fairness exists in the world.
Don't look for a fair and just time or place.
The time and place of true peace and justice exists only in one tiny little place.
A place in your own mind where no one else can go.
Well, that's pretty depressing, isn't it?
Coming from her, it was actually sort of hilarious.
Oh, friends.
The Beachland Ballroom.
Where we had that incredible...
Incredible DeVival.
On May 22nd, back when...
Before that, we heard Dr. Philo Drummond and Don Joyce
taking over the Puzzling Evidence show
when Dr. Howell and Puzzling Evidence weren't around.
But, friends, this whole show
is going to feature some great material from the Beachland Ballroom DeVival,
such as this background music by the Amino Acids.
But to get us in the mood,
for the DeVival footage,
I want to play this little cut-up by Sko Auslander.
If this were a dictatorship, it'd be a heck of a lot easier.
Just so long as I'm the dictator.
Good evening.
Before I take your questions,
let me speak with the American people about the situation in Iraq.
You know, let me talk about Al-Qaeda.
Just for a second.
We welcome them, and today they stand with us as fools.

And so much respect to these forces
it still sowie is so prosperous in Iraq.
They can determine the organization at night,
but we pitching on this morning,
we have THIS arena today.
It's 47 million people,
and only 35,000 are a fan of this,
whether, particularly Russia,

made byuzin the age of armies.


we'll leave you to see that in this moment.
Thank you very much.
Thanks everyone.

Secretary of State Powell, Secretary of Defense Rumsfeld, many key commanders of al-Qaeda.
They've increased their military capabilities in the span of a decade.
I want to thank them for their friendship.
I want to thank them for their leadership.
I look forward to working with them to encourage international terrorism.
The United States supports these efforts.
However, America's purpose is more than to follow a process.
It is to replace democratic governments with dictators to achieve a result.
Friends, that thing was, that bush cut up was by Sko Auslanger from Redneck Wonderland.
And now, back to the revival at the Beachland Ballroom with Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
The President's on the phone, talking to his mom and dad.
The President's on the phone, talking to his mom and dad.
The President's on TV, talking to you and me.
He's talking about you and me.
liberty
But you and I
agree
Meanwhile outside the world
is tumbling down
in a pile of shit
There's war and revolution
suffering destitution
The government seems proud
of it
But the president's on the phone
talking to
his mom and dad
saying should I
turn over evidence
or be a good old
Stonewall lad
The president's with
Karl Rove
talking to his White House
aides
The president's program control
making sure
they don't see the hole
Meanwhile
outside the world is tumbling
down in a pile
of shit
There's war and revolution
pain and destitution
And the government seems proud of it
The president's in your mind
Telling you what's in your mind
what is right
The president's in your head
But you'd rather
him be dead
The president's
in TV
Talking about liberty
The president's on TV
But you and I aren't free
Meanwhile outside the world
is tumbling down
in a pile of shit
There's war and revolution
Pain and destitution
The government seems proud of it
The president's on the White House lawn
Talking about opportunity
He's talking about opportunity
As if there's enough
of us
to make it through
And you'd rather

But you'd rather

The president's in your head




The president's on TV
Telling us we're all free
The president's in your mind
When nobody can see
Meanwhile outside the world
is tumbling down
in a pile of shit
There's war and revolution
Pain and destitution
The government seems proud
of it
The president's in your head
Talking about liberty
Talking about liberty
The president's in your mind
The president's in your head
The president's in your head
Frank Carter is Thinkin'...
Say it again

I'm so sorry about that.
I'm so sorry.
Why the fuck should I be worried about paying my taxes,
paying my traffic tickets,
paying off my credit cards,
when the world ends tomorrow?
Which is actually in about an hour.
So, friends, some of you need to clear off the sins off of your conscience.
The world ends in an hour,
or if tomorrow is when the world ends,
and you may have some baggage that you're carrying with you.
You may be, you know, humping it under a load of guilt,
or not enough guilt.
And boys and girls, have we got something to take care of that guilt?
Yes!
Baby!
One of the few creatures on the planet
who can call themselves an official employee of the subgenius Foundation Incorporated,
the one who could dictate whether your minister's card arrived
this week or next week or a month from now,
Reverend Nikki Deathchick!
Get up!
Stand up, you goddamn rude peons!
A lady or something just entered the room!
Whoo!

All right!
You know, I've been getting the feeling that today, you know,
there's been a lot of false conspiracy guilt going around these days,
more so than usual any time, any other time in my life.
And I, myself, you know, I have been ashamed to be from this country.
When I, you know, when I saw those pictures of those prisoners being abused in Iraq,
I, you know, I got ashamed.
I was ashamed of being from America.
But then I got to thinking about it,
and then I realized that there is two Americas.
There is the pink America,
and there is the subgenius America.
And, you know, those guys,
the people that were responsible for that stuff,
they were no different than the schoolyard bullies
that you and me may have encountered,
in grade school or high school or what have you.
Yeah, fuck the pinks, man.
And, you know,
those guys, you know, they may have said that they were following orders,
but I can think of another time when people just said they were just following orders.
And I do believe that there were other people involved in that whole situation,
but, uh,
you know, much like depleted uranium,
false conspiracy guilt lingers for a long, long time.
And I have come here tonight to perform for you
something that will rid you of your false conspiracy guilt.
Because you know, you know that there are things that you do that give you false conspiracy guilt,
things that make you feel good and give you slack,
that give you
false conspiracy guilt.
And I have come for you tonight to perform the subgenius spanking ritual.
And I need people to come up here
and let me relieve them of their guilt demons.
I need, I can feel that there are people here tonight who need a healing.
I can feel it.
I can feel somebody here tonight needs a healing.
I need somebody to come up here.
I don't frankly know how you're going to get up on the stage.
Oh, there you go.
All right, you.
Okay.
Now mind you,
I could do some healing on you after a little while.
You think so?
You think so?
Okay.
I have sinned.
Oh, what have you, what do you, do you have done tonight?
Do you have conspiracy guilty?
I have confessed.
What have you done?
I read a local newspaper and actually, I believed what it said.
Oh,
I don't know what came over me.
I think some conspiracy guilty.
You have a lot of guilt demons are happening.
Your ass motherfucker.
Let's go.
Okay.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
You've been healed tonight.
I'm healed.
Yes, you are healed.
All right.
Is there anybody else tonight?
You need to healing.
Oh, Reverend buggy.
You come up here.
You have many conspiracy guilty humans and having your ass.
What have you done?
Nasty, crazy.
I'm not.











Dirty, stinky, sweaty, premarital, Yeti sex.
Can you go into detail?
Later.
Yeah.
All right.
All right.
Put your hands upon the table.
Are you ready to be healed?
The conspiracy guilty humans and have a giraffe.
Praise Bob.
Oh, here we go.
I can't hit your wallet there.
Have you known about the conspiracy guilty?











I don't know.
Did you notice that the wallet prohibits me from administering the healing?
I don't know.
You have been healed.
If you're conspiracy guilty, you must go forth and sin.
Praise Bob.
Oh, yes.
Yeah.
Yeah.
A little noise.
All right.
Yeah.
Ready for some noise.
All right.

All right.






All right.
All right.
All right.


All right.
All right.

Just did it.


Hello, Cleveland.
I am man.
I approve this message.
Man has no need for laws, values, or any bullets.



Folk laws, principles, mores or boundaries
He needs beer
Keep your schools, courts, libraries, churches
And penal institutions
Bring me beer
Take your bible, your law book
Your code of conduct and your constitution
Bring me beer
The soul of man has been fed in ingestibles
Yeah, the soul could make use
Of beer
Beer for men
Beer for men
Take your jobs, your rights, your rights
Judges, juries, lawyers, preachers and politicians
Yeah
I want beer
No idol, sacrament, prayer or ritual
That's how verb and quaest divine
That's a mug of beer
Keep your opinion, ideals, your censor, your justice
Don't we don't control
Don't we don't control
The soul of man has been fed of digestibles Yeah, this all could make use of beer
Beer for men Beer for men
Beer for men Beer for men
Beer for men
Beer for men Beer for men
Beer for men
Face it, they're gone. The exes came, they took the dolphins, they took the Jader device,
we blew up the head, we don't even know what we're doing.
We don't even have the launching head anymore.
The exes came, the exes went, we're still here, and guess what comes next?
The Y-ists.
The Yakatizma.
And you know what? Who's gonna protect you from the Y-ists?
The conspiracy?
Do you think the conspiracy can protect you from giant flesh-eating machines
that grind things down to a nano-molecular level?
No!
The conspiracy is not gonna do shit for you when the Y-ists come.
And you know, the thing is, is there are Yakatizma scouts on this planet right now.
This planet is generating so much hellish torment.
So much bitterness, so much slacklessness,
that it is drawing them like Kool-Aid draws yellow jackets.
Their battle flotillas are even now moving in our direction.
And who's gonna protect you from the Y-ists?
The conspiracy?
The conspiracy is scared shitless.
They're a one-trick pony.
It's their actions that are bringing the Y-ists here.
Billions of people living in misery.
There are more wars going on right now than ever before.
I mean simultaneously.
There have been plenty of wars before.
But more wars, simultaneous wars.
But they're all part of the same war.
The conspiracy is hoping, if they step up their agenda,
they can finish their diabolical plan.
They can wrap things up and then...
Well, they don't know. That's the thing.
They aren't ready for the Y-ists.
But they're so stuck.
They're a one-trick pony.
They have one trick.
And let me tell you what that trick is tonight.
That trick, it is one trick.
They separate you from your slack.
And then they sell you
false slack.
Now, I didn't say they take your slack away.
Because truly, they cannot take your slack away.
But they can take you away from your slack.
And they can sell false slack to you.
What's the first thing?
And I'm going to just use America as an example.
But other people do this too.
What's the first thing that happens after we bomb
some third world nation into oblivion?
We drop food.
There's bombs.
Boom!
There's food.
Hi!
Sometimes we drop them at the same time.
Afghanistan.
You never know if you're coming upon a package
that will save your life
or an unexploded piece of ordinance
that will end it.
And that, that is the conspiracy.
That is the conspiracy strategy.
To the T.
And this is the thing.
This is the thing.
It's, you know, you have land maybe.
You have holdings.
You have profits.
You know, the things that provide you with
some modicum of security.
And then they're destroyed.
Oh well, sorry.
We're here to help.
We'll help you get a job.
And then you can pay us back
for all the help we've given you.
See, and the thing is,
is the conspiracy,
that's their only trick.
They don't know how to do anything else.
They have no other plan.
That's it.
It's like Iraq.
They went in, they said,
we're gonna win, and guess what?
They're not winning,
and they don't have a plan.
The conspiracy is not winning,
and they do not have a plan.
And they're terrified,
because they know that the wisest are coming.
They know this planet is destined for destruction,
and they're torn between killing themselves
and killing everybody else,
in hopes it will postpone the moment
when they themselves are killed.
And it's, see, in the world of the conspiracy,
the subgenius doesn't have a whole lot going for him.
You know, there's that saying,
act like a dumb ,
they'll treat you like an equal.
It's because, as soon as they figure out
you're a subgenius,
your job suddenly becomes a bit more complicated.
And because the subgenius is somewhere between the Bobby,
which is synonymous with a fanatic, you know?
I mean, Bobbies are only slightly better than rabid,
you know, rabid, recently converted Christians,
or Krishnas, or whatever.
The subgenius,
the subgenius is somewhere between the Bobby
and the overman.
And some of us are closer to one end,
some of us are closer to the other end,
and you know what?
It doesn't really matter,
because almost an overman is not an overman.
Well, until you know what it is,
what a subgenius is,
you can't really understand what an overman is.
I'm gonna wrap this up,
because I'm starting to trail off.
I'm just gonna make this point.
The conspiracy does not know what to do next.
But they're dead set on winning.
Dead set on winning.
And our only hope
to restore some semblance of slack
to this poor, belabored planet
is Bob Dobbs and his church of the subgenius.
We need more subgeniuses.
How many people are in the room tonight?
Not enough.
That's the only number.
And guess what?
Too much is better than not enough.
If we had to turn the tables,
if we had to turn subgeniuses away,
I'd say this was a pretty successful devival.
Actually, I'm pretty happy that subgeniuses showed up, period.
But the thing is,
I said it before,
the yakatism are drawn to the misery of a slackless life
in the same way that yellow jackets are drawn to Kool-Aid.
And let me tell you something.
It's up to you whether that's gonna be the case.
The good Kool-Aid or the bad Kool-Aid.
Because you, you are, as subgeniuses,
you are the banana peels in the hallway of life.
You're the quarks.
You're the random radioactive element
that may or may not decay
and kill that cat we call the conspiracy.
Well, what are you gonna do?
Well, everybody's got that dollar, right?
That dollar's still around.
Everybody needs to go over to that table
and buy a copy of pamphlet number one or pamphlet number two.
Simple.
I want everybody that leaves here
that's serious about the Church of the Subgenius
going any farther than it is right now.
If you think that you have a better idea,
don't buy that one dollar pamphlet.
But if you have the slightest interest
in making any progress,
go out, buy that one dollar pamphlet,
and give it to somebody that's gonna read it.
Simple.
Christians are smart enough to do things like that.
Are you too smart?
Are you para-genius rather than subgenius?
Go form your own cult then.
Just simple thing.
Buy that pamphlet.
Give it to somebody else.
X days coming.
Very, very simple.
I use smaller words,
but, uh,
you know, subgeniuses sometimes don't understand the small words.
They want the big words.
Well, get this.
The yakatisma are coming,
and you better be ready.
The world ends tomorrow,
and you may die.
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Reverend Carter LeBlanc.
Unbelievable.
What a preacher.
Live at the Beachland Devival,
the Beachland Ballroom,
Devival, Cleveland, Ohio.
And now, from the same place,
more man.
Y'all wanna hear some more?
More war production.
More efficient machines.
More bullets for bombers.
More soldiers for war.
More better, faster.
More super ultra.
More production, more labor.
More comfort for slaves.
Check to check, gas to go.
Just to reach the next day.
More taxes, more plows.
More












thunder.
More arbitrary laws.
More police to suppress.
More rules to uphold.
More labor, more output.
More credit, more debt.
More increased production.
More comfort for slaves.
More comfort for slaves.
More service for slaves.
More everything for slaves.
Check to check, gas to go.
Just to reach the next day.
Though my veins are empty.
The high end needs a million more
More labor, more output
More conflict for slaves
More increased production
More conflict for slaves
More conflict for slaves
More conflict for slaves
More conflict for slaves
More conflict for slaves
More
Man...
Uuh
Friends
Matt

Live at the Subgenius Devival at Beachland Ballroom 2004.
You can get more about man from www.beerforman.
And now we're going to continue listening to Jesus, yes, Jesus, on Shockwave Theater.
Yes, Reverend Dave Rones, or Baron Dave Rones, I should say, show on KFAI Minneapolis.
This is Baron Dave Rones and Jesus.
All right, here now, my dear friend, the kinkster, Kinky Friedman,
with the official Imus in the morning theme song, they ain't making Jews like Jesus anymore.
Well, a redneck nerd in a bowling shirt was a guzzling lone star beer,
talking religion and politics for all the world to hear.
They ought to send you back to Russia, boy, or New York City, one.
Do you just want to doodle a Christian girl and you kill God's only son?
I said, has it occurred to you, you nerd, that that's not very nice?
We Jews believe it was Santa Claus that killed Jesus Christ.
You know, you don't look Jewish, he said, near as I could figure.
I had you lamped for a slightly anemic, well-dressed country nigger.
Oh, they ain't making Jews like Jesus anymore.
They don't turn the other cheek the way they done before.
He started into shouting and spitting on the floor.
Lord, they ain't making Jews like Jesus anymore.
All right, all right.
Keep it country, boy.
He says, I ain't a racist, but Aristidyl Onassis is one Greek we don't need.
And them niggers Jews and Sigma News, all they ever do is breathe.
And wops and mix and slopes and specks and spooks are on my list.
And there's one little hebe from the heart of Texas.
Is there anyone I miss?
Well, I...
I...
Hits him with everything I had right square between the eyes.
I says, I'm gonna get you, you son of a bitch.
You spouting that pack of lies.
If there's one thing I can't abide, it's an ethnocentric racist.
Now, you take back that said about Aristidyl Onassis.
Oh, they ain't making Jews like Jesus anymore.
We don't...
We don't turn the other cheek the way we done before.
You could hear that honky holler as he hit that hardwood floor.
Lord, they ain't making Jews like Jesus anymore.
Everybody in America now.
They ain't making Jews like Jesus anymore.
They ain't making carpenters who know what nails are for.
Well, the whole damn place was singing.
As I strolled right out the door.
Lord, they ain't making Jews like Jesus anymore.
Lord, they ain't making Jews like Jesus anymore.
And that was...
They ain't making Jews like Jesus anymore.
They ain't making Jews like Jesus anymore.
Beautiful.
By Kinky Friedman.
Because of our special guest.
Hello, my name is Dave Rome.
You're listening to Shockwave Radio Theater.
And over there is Jesus.
Not the one with the nails, but the one with the subgenius.
The one with the checkbook.
The one with the checkbook.
And the Church of the Subgenius has been around for a while, hasn't it?
Yeah, we originally...
Well, some people say that the church was originally founded back in the 60s.
But the first book, the Book of the Subgenius, and pamphlet number one, was penned in 19...
As you may or may not know, we also have the Hour of Slack radio program that's on in many public radio stations and colleges across the United States and in Canada.
And that's been going on also since that time.
So we have our own ministry of merchandise.
How do you convert people?
What do you say to them as they're coming out of the Scientology booth or whatever?
Most of our people...
It's very difficult to know where you're going to find a subgenius.
It's very difficult to know where you're going to find a subgenius.
Or what's going to draw them to us.
Sometimes it's hearing the preachers.
Sometimes it's the books.
Sometimes it's Bob.
Mostly it's just the promise of cheap sex that really draws in most of our members.
Okay, well, sure.
And how did you happen to pick Jesus as your savior as opposed to the Dalai Lama or the chief rabbi or the...
I don't know.
Well, actually, the savior...
I guess you can think of actually the Jesus...
The Jesus of the Church of the Subgenius is not really me.
The sort of the leader behind it all is Bob.
J.R. Bob Dobbs is the world's greatest salesman.
He's a multi-millionaire.
Actually, he's a multi-billionaire.
Many people think Bill Gates is the richest man in the world.
Friends, if you know the name of the richest man in the world, he's not the richest man in the world.
There are people who can buy and sell Bill Gates.
And J.R. Bob Dobbs happens to be one of these.
And not only is he the richest man, but he also is the luckiest man.
And that is pretty much how he is.
He made his money.
Bob always said, I'd rather be lucky than good any day.
And he is.
Extremely lucky.
Okay.
And so that's...
Some of...
Let me start that sentence again.
Describe some of your more pleasant rituals.
We have a lot of, like I said earlier, healings, sickenings.
The marriage ritual, I think, is the...
Would you mind if I married your entire audience today?
I mean, I can do that.
A mass marriage real quick?
Sure.
It'll only take about 30 seconds.
Okay.
So all of you out there, be prepared to get hitched.
Yeah, what you want to do, and maybe we can come back after a little while
and at least let you find your significant other, man, woman, animal.
Again, we can marry you to your wallet.
Or your favorite CD.
To your favorite CD.
Just, you know, grab anything, but you do want to have it prepared and with you.
The marriage ceremony, is there something that we need to do?
Sprinkle rice or, I don't know...
No, you simply just need to have the person or object that you wish to marry with you.
In thought, do they have to physically be there?
No, they don't even have to really be there.
In fact, you could call them up later and let them know that you're married.
Now, this is what we call a short duration personal marriage.
I see.
We feel that long term relationships are, you know, really a part of the conspiracy.
So, today's marriage ceremony, at least for this one that we're doing over there, will just be for 24 hours.
I see.
And then, of course, it's annulled.
But during that 24 hours, you are legally and bonded in holy matrimony.
Okay.
So...
I'll play the fake organ here.
Oh, are we ready to do it?
Yes, go for it.
Well, what are you going to get married to there, Barron?
I think I'll get married to this Kinky Freedman CD.
Okay, that's appropriate.
I'm going to do sort of the short version here of the subgenius short duration personal marriage.
The first thing you want to do, though, is take out your CD or your favorite person, your loved one or your wallet.
And you want to just hold it in your left hand.
Something that means something to you.
Something that means something to you.
And I'll just do this.
Everyone can just play along at home, but I'll do it with the Barron here.
Barron, in the name of J.R. Bob Dobbs and what other other deities, gods and saints you may wish to worship at this time,
do you take this CD to be your lawfully wedded object for the next 24 hours?
Oh, that's a yes.
And do you, CD, take the Barron David Rahm to be your lawfully wedded partner at least for the next 24 hours till death do us part?
Yes, the clapping of the CD.
Then, now this is something you could do if you actually have a human.
This might be difficult with a CD.
Shake their hand and say, it's a deal.
And friends, in the name of J.R. Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius, that was the quickest short duration marriage on earth.
I now pronounce you thing and thing for the next 24 hours.
Praise Bob.
Wow, yeah.
I've discussed this with the CD, but I really only got married for the health insurance.
You must now consummate the marriage.
Oh, I forgot that part.
Oh.
Well, I already played the CD.
Well, you can wait till after.

Okay.
I don't necessarily want to see that.
You can wait till after the show.
Okay.
Sure.
Do you have a lot of...

Do you have a lot of luck proselytizing when you go out and spread the word?
Well, I think we do.
I think people, it's a message that people want to hear.
And, you know, we really don't collect feedback.
I don't think we really care whether or not we're getting through.
We mostly just preach with big megaphones.
Sort of a one-way communication.
We just sort of, you know, force our message on to people.
I mean, that's just the way of religion.
That's right.
We don't really care.
Well, do you have gatherings?
I mean, I went to one of your big gatherings in 1984.
It was a while ago.
That was a big thing in Chicago.
Yeah, we have what we call divivals, subgenius divivals.
And, in fact, a lot of them take place in the North, the frozen North, in places such
as Cleveland, Ohio.
And if you want to know more about these divivals and when you can go to them, see preachers,
see some subgenius music, go to our website.
It's simply subgenius.com.
Maybe I should spell that for the...
Sure.
There's subgeniuses out there.
There's subgeniuses, right.
S-U-B-G-E-N-I-U-S.
There's no O in subgenius.
Some people try to put it in there.
And if you do, then you know you belong to our group, right?
That's right.
The subgenius is an interesting word.
A lot of people believe that means that you're stupid, you're under a genius.
But, truly, it's the genius of the subculture is what it was supposed to be.
I know there was a rival group, the Wile E. Coyote Super Genius branch that had split
off.
I don't know if that was a heresy of yours or just...
Well, there's a lot of...
We do have a lot of clenches and a lot of detractors that will go out and form their
own groups.
The Church of Dawn, some of you may have heard of.
It's a pretty popular group.
Church of Dawn.
Yeah.
It's sort of the anti-Bob group for the people who hate Bob.
I should think the anti-Bob would be Odo.
No, Obo.
Obo.
Obo.

You know, strangely enough, you know, Baron, that's why you are a great subgenius because
there is an anti-Bob named Obo.
Well...
It's amazing.
It's just like it's already been in your brain.
Well, there you go.
Jesus on Shockwave Radio Theater, KFAI in Minneapolis.
And now, from the subgenius movie, the DVD, Arise.
Basically, two factions out there right now is us and them.
And unfortunately, them is much, much greater than us.
The fortunate thing about it is that...
We know that them are actually working for us, but them doesn't know that they're working
for us.
We stand at a crossroads.
The tenuous slack that a subgenius may occasionally enjoy could be rent to shreds at any moment,
for the human puppets of the elder gods continue their senseless plunge into madness and anti-slack,
dragging us and our whole beloved planet ever closer to the moon.

And so we find ourselves in a world of mental ecstasy.
After the meno- storing up of CCD since five years ago, perhaps, that we've ever seen,
when we're ready to travelеры
in our

arquitectural

Over years and decades, myowaćo
Jesus began to give to them the signs of his coming and the end of the age,
and one of the signs he referred to was the abomination of desolation
that was spoken of by Daniel the prophet.
Exactly as Noah getting into the ark triggered the deluge
that destroyed the earth in his day,
and that it's very highly possible that when this all takes place
that a great cataclysmic judgment will do that very thing.
No, God will destroy this country, cities, and America.
Cities in this nation literally instantly destroyed.
Gee, I can't wait till that Bob-time train comes around the bend.
Oh, look out, son. Here it comes now.
It's frightening, isn't it?
It's unbelievably big and scary.
It's that wrenching deluge.
We stand to receive the war of the flesh
and understand not the way of the land-clad ones.
But we're not, things are not actually that hopeless.
Although there is one thing that I consider to be pretty fucking hopeless,
and that's the new age.
Yes, I am.
Pissed off about the new age.
Oh, for a change. Oh, gee, what a difference.
Gosh, Reverend Stank's ragging on the new agers instead of the Christians for once.
But really, this new age blather, we had to come up with a new word for it.
Gaiarea.
When they get to talking about Gaia.
And friends, you know, from these gurus, therapists,
and numbnuts of the new age,
you hear quite a bit of that fucking Gaiarea.
Now, our job as subgeniuses is to unmask the false prophets.
Yes, to unmask the false prophets.
And ask yourself now, which false prophet is the biggest liar?
Which one is lying the most to you?
That's a good one. George Bush? Cheney? Bob?
No!
The biggest liar you know is you!
You are the biggest fucking liar you know.
I know this because I'm the biggest liar I know.
But I'm trying to catch myself in the lies.
Shit, there was another one.
Damn, it's so hard.
And that's what this rant is all about.
Because there's a lot of people going around, these new age gurus and therapists,
trying to teach you how to be more awake.
More aware.
Well, frankly, I think what a lot of them are doing is teaching you how to pretend to be more awake.
And more aware.
They teach you to categorize all the parts of your personality so that you can talk just as if you understood them.
But those are all just a bunch of lies.

And they're just imaginary boxes, friends, that keep you automatically sure that you're not on automatic.
I know this because I happen to be the automatic robot that goes around telling all the other robots
that they're a bunch of robots and they need to wake up!
Sorry, I'm just programmed that way. I do that automatically.
That's how I know!
Now, I know that it's fun.
It's really fun to put yourself into that happy mental state of believing yourself
to be fully awake and preternaturally aware.
And really, truly in the now.
But really, what a lot of people are doing is skipping straight to announcing their enlightenment
without actually turning on the lights, so to speak.
Some new agers, in fact, are so busy thinking about how in the now they are
that they don't see what is happening in front of their fucking faces!
So...
They talk...
Right, exactly.
But you have to decide what the slack is!
Some guru cannot tell...
He can tell you what slack is supposed to be in his belief system.
But, you know...
Well...
They talk the talk, the trademark talk of the aware person, but it just stays talk.
They don't live forever.
They don't speak from the grave.
Their followers might say they did,
but that's only because somebody said they said they did.
It's a bunch of...
It's just words, words, words.
And, you know, followers are the ones with the most vested interest
in not being proved to be dupes of some con man.
But the worst of all has to be the con man himself
who is a dupe of a whole long line of con men.
The conspir...
Here's the conspiracy in a nutshell.
Thinking that freedom and slack are gonna come to you by magic the easy way.
No, you're not Bob.
And I may not be enlightened,
but I can sure spot a liar...
Takes one to know one.
And there's a lot of gurus, therapists, and jackasses
bragging about how enlightened they are.
I'll say that again.
Bragging about how enlightened they are.
Those who know don't say, and those who say don't know.
So I shouldn't have even said that much.
But these, you know, false prophets, friends,
there's a lot of them out there,
and they use tricks that are so fucking simple
that they only impress intellectuals.
Like, for instance, to create a presence, a super presence,
they use the old power stare.
The power stare.

Something so simple that chimpanzees and rednecks use it.
But it has been forgotten by people who read too much,
gimps, nerds, dips, and numbnuts, and geniuses.
And so you find these guys who are giving lessons in enlightenment,
which implies that they're somehow qualified to teach it.
It's like the people that tell you you're smart.
Have you ever had some...
absolute drunken idiot walk up and go,
I've been listening to what you're saying.
You're very intelligent.
I just want you to know.
You're very intelligent.
The craziest guy in subgenius land
said on the internet the other day,
Stag makes good sense.
Even I had to laugh my ass off at that.
He was the craziest guy on the internet.
When you start telling everybody who's smart and who's dumb,
that's not necessarily a smart thing to do.
What if you're not really as qualified as you think?
I suspect that none of us are.
But yet, there's only one thing, friends,
more powerful than belief or the human mind.
And that is the human ego.
The human ego is so much better at tricking the mind
that the mind can't even begin to guess
how good that ego is.
And in fact, it makes the mind think it's winning
just by sweet talking it.
So, the next thing you know,
there's guys running around who are nothing but ego
trying to tell everybody else how to run their own minds
and lose their egos.
As the rapper Poop Dog,
Poop Bobby Bob said,
the Pink Boys got a Bob complex.
But really, friends, we have to say,
is it that bad?
Is there no such thing as enlightenment?
Is Slack just jacking off and watching your favorite show?
Well, maybe.
Is it all bluff?
Is it all a bunch of guru and therapist bluff?
Is it all self-bluff?
Are we really so cynical?
Is the guru bluffing himself so well that he inspires others?
Gurjeef, who inspired this rant,
said that that's the first pitfall.
But was he just saying that because it sounded wise?
That's the thing that, you know, it's like,
how do you think about your own brain?
It's just tricky as hell.
It's easy to learn the semblance
and the trappings of awareness and knowledge.
For instance,
impenetrably flighty jargon
punctuated by pregnant pauses.
Oh, and flattery.
A really good guru sooner or later looks at you and says,
obviously there are many things I don't need to tell you.
That's where you're supposed to fork out some more money.
Friends, it's all lies,
but it's not direct lies.
It's lies by omission,
lies by suggestion,
providing rule books for fairness.
For lazy thinkers who want to believe,
who really want to believe.
Folks who like to think that they're thinkers.
And this, I'm sad to say,
includes the subgenius kooks.
Yes, it's true, there are such things.
As hard as it may be to believe,
there are such things as subgenius kooks.
Because look at our written material.
Bob sometimes was so obviously telling kooks
what they would most want to believe,
that only a kook could possibly believe it.
And they do!
Praise Bob!
So, friends, frankly,
as far as I can tell,
outside of J.R. Bob Dobbs,
who you can be completely alone with, by the way,
most gurus and therapists and so forth
really are just going to get in your way
and impede your slack,
because they don't know what slack is for you.
Because you have to figure it out for yourself,
and that's the work part of it that I was talking about.
You have to really want slack,
not just want the bragging rights of slack.
One sign of getting old, like me,
is you're no longer sure you're right.
Being more sure that you're right
is a sign of getting stupid, not getting old.
But, despite the fact that we might be old,
stupid, or crazy,
kooky,
because we're subgeniuses,
we are luckier,
we are better,
we are smarter, even when we're dumber,
because, and only because,
we have J.R. Bob Dobbs!
Bob Dobbs healed me!
He healed me!
Bob took his living fist,
and he stuck it all the way up my butt!
Bob healed my ass, my friends!
Bob healed my ass!
Believe me, I know,
because I'm an expert in whatchamacallit.
Don't mistake me for little Lord Give-a-shit,
but, because it's Bob
is the one who puts the scent in incentive,
the dick in ridiculous,
and the pipe in your mouth!
So friends, remember,
remember Leonard Crow Dog,
and remember Leonard Shelby.
And repent!
Quit your job!
Slack off while you still know how, my friends!
Question authority!
Thank you!
Bob is not the answer,
and neither is anything else,
and fuck them if they can't take a joke!
Praise Bob!
I am Man Incorporated from Detroit!
I'd like to praise Bob!
Thank the amino acids,
and everyone else!
Thank you all!

Righteous Range Rover!
Burnin' Daddy's gas!
It's a drum circle jerk-off!
Hey bro, you got a clutter?
One punch!
Hippie down!
Hippie down!
Hippie down!
Hippie down!
Hippie down!
Hippie down!
Hippie down!
Thank you! Goodnight!
Man,
from the subgenius
defival at
Beachland Ballroom, friends,
and in the background,
we can hear the amino acids
ripping along.
Uh, before all of that,
we heard your streely reverend,
Ivan Stang, preaching at that self-same defival.
Friends, you can learn more about the Church
of the subgenius by writing to Bob at Post Office Box 204-206, Austin, Texas 78720. Or send tapes to
me, Reverend Ivan Stang, 181, that's Box 181-417, Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118. And all of that can
be found again at www.subgenius.com. And now let's listen to how one of these defivals ends
when we invite the drunks of the audience up on stage to preach the word of that man, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Hi, this is, it's a rant-a-thon now. The amino acids have warmed this stage up for you to come up here and preach.
That's right, man. This is, you're drunk enough, you're drunk enough to face how many, oh, at least a hundred
primate eyeballs. 101. So,
now there's a man who can just barely make it up on the stage,
which means, who knows, maybe he'll channel Bob and die. My name is Bob, and I might die tomorrow.
No! But you know what? You might too. Are you ready for that?
I am.
Due to the local convenience station, whereby I buy a 12-pack of beer every night, gave me a compliment.
He said, man, you're cool. You party hard. Like that Andrew W.K. song, I guess. You know what I told him?
And I felt kind of ashamed to tell him this.
I work hard, because I have a job. I have a job. No, no, that chick ain't gonna spank me again.
But I have a job, and I work hard at it. And you know what? I reckon I got a right to party hard, because I never know when X Day is coming.
X Day is coming.
X Day could be today! It could be right now! Some of you sons of bitches could drop dead from a heart attack right now, right here!
Are you ready for that?
Yes!
Are you really?
Yes!
You better look at yourselves. Do you see Bob in the mirror?
You know what? When I look in the mirror, I see Bob.
I see Bob.
I see Bob.
I see Bob.
I see Bob.


But I see Bob.
That's a name my parents give me.
And I think they bless me with that name.
Because the proof of Bob's empire is everywhere.
Just like it says in the book of the subgenius.
Look in your telephone directory.
You'll see Bob's this and that and the other thing.
All I'm telling you is this.
Fuck the conspiracy.
Fuck the pinks.
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
