Recording. Everything's going fine.
No trouble.
And we hear the joyous subgeniuses in the background.
Yes, how we envy them, their simple rituals and childish pleasures,
as they trustfully wait for the saucers.
They say every gesture here has a meaning all its own.
Some traditional, some tribal.
Others apparently made up on the spot.
Oh, they're very enthusiastic.
They seem to be wanting someone to get in the big wicker statue,
and they're casting lots, apparently.
Whoever the dancer stops in front of will be the lucky person.
I gather that's what's going on.
It's not very easy to see from here.
But the subgeniuses are a lively bunch.
Well, it is X-Day, and they're gathered here at Wisteria Event Center in southern Ohio.
At beautiful Caffeinas.
We've got all the subgenius decorations up,
video projections going behind us of the Dobbs and Deleastis DVD.
And the participants.
The participants are continuing to stream into the campground.
The roads are blocked with vehicles.
But there seems to be no sign of impatience or anger.
All are placidly waiting their turn to be directed into the subgenius parking area B
in the newly erected parking structure.
Oh, they're glowing with faith.
And vitality. And youthful health.
Well, it is the beginning of the year.
The festival. The traditional thunderstorm hasn't hit yet.
Yes, they may sing out the other side of their mouth by the time this is all over.
We grizzled veterans know it's not all the oat cakes and honey, but it appears to be so.
And why deny them their simple pleasures, the joy of arrival?
Oh, and smell that missionary cooking in that great big cauldron.
Oh, that's incredible. Yes, that's the missionary special.
Specially positioned for every subgenius.
Which denomination was he this year?
A church of the Latter Day Saints, it says, in the clothes which they are now sportively wearing.
Somebody was joking about how they taste better than Baptists.
Well, I wouldn't know, being on a salt-free diet.
Of course, we have our own ceremony later on in the days, the Baptism at Old Sequaw's Pond,
where we shall wash the conspiracy out and true slackfulness in,
so long as the participants individually renounce the conspiracy and all its works.
I can hear Susie the floozy chanting in the background.
She hasn't lost her voice yet.
Probably be a couple of days.
Well, she throws herself so wildly into the proceedings one hates to remonstrate.
And later on there's supposed to be a pipe organ concert and many other things coming up.
There'll be all kinds of organs in concert later on.
Yes, too many to describe or enumerate.
All practice for the moment when the rupture happens.
At 7 a.m. July 5th, 1998, we have faith that this happens to be that year, finally.
And coincidentally, the movie crew will be here filming the subgenius movie.
We have been wrong 21 times before.
Although the first two times we looked at those as drills.
It turned out that the subsequent 19 after those first two drills turned out to have been drills.
Well, we were not right enough.
There's a lot of things different this year.
I have a new heart and new ears.
I'm wearing hearing aids at X Day for the first time.
Not to mention the brain and the courage that were passed out before we got started.
What, somebody was passing out brains?
Well...
All I saw was people passing out.
Well, it's a difficult procedure.
It causes a momentary lapse, a relaxation of consciousness.
But when they spring up from the soil as springs the trampled herbage of the field,
they exult in a new bulging exposed brain.
They're performing their doctor music.
Yes, this is most interesting.
The flashing knives and saws that are hurled back and forth.
Of course, if they slip, it's a matter of great merriment.
Another dancer is put into the field.
I like that weird little instrument they made from coffee cans and rubber bands.
They're nothing if not creative and inventive.
And the new world will need such invention,
as we leave all of the discarded and useless, tired, senescent appurtenances of civilization permanently behind.
That's true. I'll be able to just leave this junky old mixing board here.
All of these beat up old mics.
We won't need any of that anymore.
Your new mixing board, a board, will be the size of a thumbnail.
In fact, it will be.
It will be a thumbnail from one of the many species that populates this quadrant of the galaxy.
It'll do all the mixing for you.
Yes, you've got to keep an eye on it.
No, you don't. It's all automatic and it's self-editing.
It knows when you'll be bored.
And it automatically erases those recordings.
Well, it will be a race between boredom and satisfaction.
Are those some stickers?
Yes, I have two stickers with artwork by Reverend Catfeather.
Oh, how nice.
And I wanted to... I love her artwork.
She specializes in monster decal style.
That's wonderful stuff. I gather she's not going to make it this year.
Like so many people.
We'll have to go buy... pick her up.
Her evil conspiracy boss would not let her go.
And, you know, many people simply quit their jobs because they have faith in the new world.
The world will indeed end and they won't need a job.
But the conspiracy is unwilling to let go. Its claws are firmly curled.
It's lucky for us, Dr. Howell, that we're both art bums by trade.
There are times when that comes in handy.
Not at meal time because we aren't really paid very much.
No, but at least we don't answer to anybody's time clock.
Right.
We sleep when we want to.
Which is most of the time.
And occasionally crank out something that somebody calls art or a show.
Luckily, our audience is subgeniuses who are the possibly the most easily amused.
And as Candy Strecker dubbed subgeniuses, they're SAPs.
SAPs.
S-A-P-s or self-amusing personalities.
Okay, I never heard of that.
I never heard the Reverend Candy say that, but it sounds typically clever.
She coined that one millions of years ago.
The self-amusing personality or SAP.
And that is a skill that almost defines subgeniuses.
Yes, not to be bored and require petty distractions and silly amusements.
As I've often said, all a subgenius needs is a handful of dirt to be entertained.
But you do have to know how to look at the dirt to truly see that handful of dirt.
And the full tactile range as one sifts it through one's feeling fingers.
If you have a little pocket magnifying glass, you can see the monsters in there.
That's the wonderful thing about nature.
It's full of monsters.
Yes.
Now, you've been studying the ancient kind, but you haven't given up your travelogue of micro-lifes.
What's the most interesting thing about your travels?
Well, I sort of have for a couple of years now.
I haven't gone hunting with my microscope slightly.
I brought the wrong one to the ranch in Texas.
And that just threw me off.
It threw me off my game.
So I've been hunting larger animals using cameras and a hound dog.
You know what's frustrating me?
Those armadillos, Dr. Howell.
I have armadillos in my yard.
They play with me.
Every night they come out and they dig these ugly triangular divots.
Now, why would they be after doing that?
To eat grub worms that live in my yard.
Are the grub worms something you'd rather have there?
No, not especially.
But I also don't want to have the armadillos there.
I did a lot of research into what a homeowner does to get rid of armadillos.
And there were a lot of friendly, armadillo-friendly techniques.
Like trapping them and taking them somewhere far away.
I thought if you played Christian rock music they would wander away from the property.
Well, but then that's going to drive us away too.
Well, yes, of course.
Nothing's easy.
But the bottom line is that the most common suggestion was,
well, you sit out there at night until they come out and then you shoot them.
That simple.
Yeah, well.
I saw videos of a guy grabbing armadillos by the tail.
And slinging them over his fence.
It didn't seem to do him any harm.
And he said they're just going to come back.
He just liked to catch them and sling them.
It didn't seem to hurt him terribly.
Of course, only a couple of thousand years back,
there were the Volkswagen-sized glyptodonts and dodecurids walking around.
And they'll be back, friends.
We're going to bring the glyptodonts back.
All of the giant mammals.
The dodecurus has a spiked tail on the end of a...
A spiked club on the end of the tail.
Unlike the rounded glyptodont.
And these spikes seem to be made out of hair like the rhinoceros horn.
Well, don't tell any insecure, impotent men about that.
They'll be chopping those horns and tails off right and left.
Because they're not dudes.
They're not dudes paying subgeniuses,
who automatically get everything they want on X-Day.
And because they're primitive believers in sympathetic magic.
Not like subgeniuses, advanced believers in unsympathetic magic.
Well, we're believers in the magic of the forbidden sciences.
Just so.
And under the Trump administration, all science is forbidden.
So are scientific purses.
And our view has considerably expanded through all the scientific disciplines.
Right.
Well, we can make astronomy and astrology work together.
Of course, we have to change both of them a lot.
But that's the fun part.
You build up your science and then you break it.
You just find some way to tear it to pieces and start all over again.
You modify it.
And on the way, it modifies you.
A healthy, syncretistic relationship with knowledge of all kinds.
A companion and a companionable form.
When one is alone in the waste places of the earth or of the spirit,
it will accompany you.
Well, this is a laid-back X-Day.
Well, this is a laid-back X-Day.
Yes, it is.
And threatens to lay further back, to become entirely somnolent and snooze-worthy,
until it cannot be told from the dream, which usually precedes X-Day.
I actually have X-Day nightmares, Dr. Howell.
And some of them, I understand, sometimes are realized.
Yeah, they usually are.
At some point during every X-Day, my nightmares come true.
And I'm wandering through a big party full of drunken, tittering, giggling, unsympathetic people
trying to get some simple, plain chore done, like
Yes.
find my car keys, and no one will help.
Or find my children. That's another common one.
They've probably got the car keys.
Wandering endlessly through semi-familiar landscapes,
asking for help and being tittered at.
It's interesting. That is a search dream.
And the thing about the search dream is that it's about the search,
and you never find what you're searching for.
Though you can be distracted and go into different realms and different phases of the dream.
And unconcerned, laughing people or people distracting you are a part of that dream.
My father used to have a dream back when we lived in the United States.
He lived in tornado country.
That a tornado was coming and he was out trying to call the kids in.
And they were laughing and not paying attention with him.
And the neighbor kid who was sort of dopey was there and not paying attention.
And the tornado was coming closer and closer.
But of course the dream simply perpetuates this.
The tornado never actually gets there.
The kids never actually come into the house.
Then another common dream is the one where you're
suddenly realize you're nude in a crowd of people.
Often it's at school or something.
And everybody is jeering and mocking you.
Well they don't usually.
A common dream that really terrifies many people.
For me, it's simply the memory of an ex-day long ago.
The year that we thought was 1998.
The false 1998.
When the saucers failed to come, who did they blame but old Reverend Stang?
Because Bob was wise enough to stay away.
But it's 8661, right?
Except that if that is so, then how come the rest of the writing on the page was written?
Oh, I think that's all confused.
I think it meant to say 1998.
Oh, alright.
I still have faith.
There's no way we can wait 8,000 years or whatever.
6,000.
But I did end up naked in front of about 300 people.
Who were jeering and mocking my nakedness.
In the muddy frog pond with leeches and all that.
So I don't have that nightmare anymore.
It's not a nightmare, it's just a memory.
And it wasn't really that bad.
Because I managed to remember all the comeback lines I had come up with during the preceding 20 years.
No esprit d'escalier there.
Just in case.
But yeah, you come to ex-day and you can conquer your dreams and phobias.
By living them.
Well, wait a minute.
It hasn't conquered my ex-day dream nightmares.
I still have those.
But it's sometimes hard to tell the difference.
Am I dreaming or am I really running around ex-day trying to find my car keys?
Why not both?
Why not both?
That's what I say.
What about the double dream where you think you have waked but it's still part of the dream.
And then you wake from that.
I don't like those.
Because those are the ones where Bob shows up.
Like in American Werewolf in London.
If you remember that.
Oh yeah, yeah. Sure.
They dream that Nazi werewolves attack and kill everybody.
And then they wake up.
Oh thank God, it was just a dream.
And then Nazi werewolves attack and kill everybody.
Freddy Krueger was really good with those.
The Nightmare on Elm Street movies were wonderful pieces of...
Beginning surrealism for kids.
Yes, Freddy Krueger had an animus, an axe to grind.
And was malevolent toward that generation.
But since then he's had a profitable career in the US Senate.
Now we have a number of things to go through.
Later on in the festival we'll be having the Bulldada auction.
And this Bulldada auction will be greater and deeper and more resonant and resounding than any other Bulldada auction ever before.
Because it contains some of the essential part of subgenius households.
That simply were too bulky to pack up for the saucers.
We've got the Nenslow's collection of old science fiction magazines.
Analog and stuff like that. A whole box of those.
Fantasy and science fiction. Unknown and so forth.
Some of the covers aren't too bad. I understand you've got the good ones.
And Ace double-decker science fiction novels.
One of them containing A.E. van Vogt's...
What's the one about? Primitives with a galaxy spanning civilization.
One of the covers I got was illustrated a story titled...
A God Named Smith.
And it showed a giant fist clutching a rocket ship.
In space. A big hairy hand. I guess that was Smith's hand.
A God Named Smith. I liked the ring of that.
Didn't that happen on the old Star Trek? A giant hand once grabbed them.
They had to shoot electricity through the hull and like that.
A stark fist of removal, friends. You never know when that thing's gonna come down.
A God Named Smith.
A God Named Smith.
Wasn't the God Named Smith who was visiting the world of the future?
Well, that was a different God Named Smith.
That was actually my dad, the late Hugh Montgomery Smith, playing God.
I never saw him so nervous.
Nor was it the God who is a Smith, Hephaestus or Mulsimer or Vulcan,
who welds and creates for the other gods.
Now, Dr. Howell, speaking of the Bulldot auction,
we have eight mystery boxes here that were shipped by a Reverend Sean Garrett.
He wrote to me about six months ago and said,
like so many people, I've put all of my illegally downloaded MP3s and bootlegs onto hard drives.
Or one hard drive.
And so I'm getting rid of, it turned out to be eight boxes of discs
full of this guy's collection of hipster listing material.
I haven't opened a single one.
Let's not be too excited because the potential purchasers are also those who have given up discs
for the pleasure of MP3s and thumb drives and so forth.
So they may turn up their...
well powdered noses at this treasure trove.
Not be willing to spin a disc here or there.
You know, at Burning Man I record ads for my show, which I have there,
and I take it to the radio station.
Last year when I did that, I took them and they said,
oh, we don't play discs anymore.
Yeah, right, right.
My son said to me recently, Dad, I think you're the only person I know who still uses iPads.
Optical media.
I didn't even know what he was talking about.
I finally went, he means CDs and DVDs.
I'm so old, I'm still recording things on things.
Nowadays you don't record things on things.
Yes, you don't, but you have to fish for them through the cloud or whatever it is
while the audience restlessly stirs, wishing instant gratification.
On the other hand, if you just pop in a disc or a nice...
cassette or a cart or eight track, it instantly comes out.
Now I see you're eagerly tearing open one of these mystery boxes right now.
Let's see what lies within.
This one is labeled, it says, weird electronics, post psychedelic,
legendary pink dots, etc.
I don't know if I ever got to the post psychedelic phase.
The rest of it is...
obscured.
Be careful as you wield that razor sharp package opener.
And my box cutter.
You can get a lot done with a box cutter these days.
Well, just don't cut too far.
Well, here they are, folks.
Disc after disc.
In...
jewel boxes, as I believe they once called them.
Yeah, they are labeled and they're not MP3s, they are CDs.
CDs?
The caretaker selected memories from the haunted ballroom.
Okay.
Steven Hugo Rosin's Saskatchewan.
Nurse with wound and erinos.
Santorlena bicycle.
I suppose...
Another, the caretaker.
Scanners album, Warhol's surface.
I've never heard of any of this.
No, I too, unfortunately.
The coil.
But that's not surprising.
Wakeford and Stapleton.
Amenti Sun Crown.
I've never heard of any of these.
I suppose they don't have Who Threw the Overalls and Mrs. Murphy's Chowder.
Well, that's what I was hoping.
Yeah.
It was a really old bull dada that I could sort of recognize.
Right.
So, this...
These modern productions are all very well,
but there's nothing to equal from what I heard.
So, I...
I...
It would take all festival to auction these off one by one.
We might have to auction box after box,
depending on who has room in the storage compartments in the staterooms on the craft.
But, of course, they have their trick, don't they?
The aliens have the trick of miniaturization and phasing out bulk.
So, essentially, you can store anything.
I don't understand how that works, but...
It's like Dr. Lau's circus.
It's much bigger on the inside than it is on the outside.
Yes.
Well, they've managed to figure that out.
There'll be a lot to learn.
We can't rest and be ignoramuses forever in the new world.
Yeah, we can.
We sure can.
We can...
We can be stupid, ignorant idiots if we want to be.
But then who's going to operate all the contraptoids?
Who needs to operate anything?
I mean, we can...
If we want to, live like standard, typical sci-fi future people, surrounded by gadgets.
Or we could just sit in the woods twiddling our thumbs and playing with ourselves, as it were.
Sign me up.
That's all...
I mean, it's all up to us.
The hard part is making up your mind, I suppose.
Yes.
Now, I hope there's not going to be any giant insect aggression this year.
I just saw one of those large black wasps circling near the same kind that stung Baby Bear
and stung me in the face last year.
Well, Hal, that's why I bring you to X Day every year, because they love you.
They stay off of me.
I think it just bumbled into my face and didn't know what it was doing, and so it stung me
just because it was there.
I've been surrounded by stinging insects every year while I'm in Texas, and I have yet to
be stung once.
Well, that's good.
They recognize you as a fellow Texan.
Yeah, we have these giant red mud dauber hornets that actually lived in the house for quite
a while.
No kidding.
We managed to get rid of those by patching the outside.
You found the nest and relocated it.
Yeah, but I have spared more nests than I've destroyed.
Well, I'm sure that counts for you in the great silhouette.

I'm sure that counts for you in the great silhouette.


You're a celestial ledger.
No, when I go to the wasp afterlife, it'll be Wasp Heaven instead of Wasp Hell.
Does his name appear in the Book of Life?
The Book of Wasp, Saving or Killing Life?
His name does appear, Lord.
His name appears, but he has slain many of us.
I'm sure he's one of our kind.
3,000 stings.
Next.
I also spared a big nest of red harvester ants.
Oh, as long as they weren't fire ants.
Well, that's why I spared them, because they're enemies of the fire ants.
They compete with the fire ants, and I want to drive the fire ants away and nourish the
red harvester ants.
because the red harvester ants were the diet of the horned toads.
They belong there, unlike the fire ants.
The fire ants are invasives.
An invasive species.
Build the wall!
That won't stop them fire ants.
No, they can tunnel right under that wall.
But yeah, I spared the giant red ants
so that they could help me do battle against the tiny, tiny fire ants.
I grew up with those red ants.
They were all over the school playground.
They were out in the outfield where I was always stationed.
Do they bite?
Yes, they do.
They will bite and they have a sting.
And you know, I can remember being bitten and stung once in my childhood,
and that was it.
I've learned how to live with them.
And the ants are my friend.
I can pick them up.
They're...
If you...

If you know the trick, they're easy to pick up and scare girls with.
I've seen other people pick scorpions up by the tail.
No, I wouldn't want to do that.
That's not something I would want to practice with.
No, they might be faster than you think.
Oh, they are always faster than you think.
It's the damn scorpions.
They hide in your shoe.
Yes.
That's the worst.
But actually, we've so far have had...
made peace with most of them.
We've had a lot of peace with most of our varmints.
I had to slay a copperhead.
Yes, I heard about that incident.
That was awful.
Yeah.
It was really awful.
I had to use a shovel.
Did you just decapitate him with the shovel?
You can imagine how hard it is to decapitate.
Oh, sure.
And this wasn't a big snake.
Yeah.
He was about three feet long.
They're well-knit, well put together.
I tried to chop him in half with the shovel, and that didn't work.
All I could do was kind of hurt him.
Just get behind him.
Behind the head.
You say that like it's easy.
Once I crippled him, I then took up a machete, a brand new sharpened machete I'd never used
for anything else yet, and attempted to chop his fool head off.
But no amount of chopping by me would separate that tough creature's head from its body.
Of course, the whole time I was going, oh, I hate this.
But my son-in-law managed to get the head off the thing.
By putting the shovel behind his head and jumping up and down on the shovel with his full weight.
He weighs about as much as me.
And we finally got the head loose.
And Dr. Howell, would you believe that half an hour later, that head was still trying to bite?
And the body, no doubt, was still coiling.
You know, I just read an interesting book about severed heads.
You would.
I ordered it when I saw it existed.
It's called Severed.
It's written by an English woman.
But one chapter deals with the question of how long does the head retain consciousness when severed,
with all the accounts of people who went under the guillotine and held them up
and swore they made faces and rolled their eyes.
Yeah, I don't like to think about that.
Well, then one doctor suggested, shake the blood out of the severed head,
and it will lose consciousness more quickly, with an illustration of how to do it.
Was Arnold Palmer on the cover?
No, this was mostly about old decapitations, decapitations throughout history.
Also, headhunters.
There was an interesting chapter about that.
Those savage natives who hunt heads.
And they bring shrunken heads home for our museums.
Yes, they do.
Because we say, hey, you savage natives, go out and get some heads for our museums.
It's the honkies who were precipitating the headhunters.
Hunting heads, which used to be a rare thing.
But then every museum wanted some severed heads.
Then during the 19th century, our author goes on,
the science of craniometry became prevalent.
Walking hand in hand with phrenology, the study of the bumps on the head.
And in order to facilitate it, they skull farmed hundreds of thousands of heads of all types
from all over the world and measured them and took many measurements,
all of which are inconclusive and ultimately prove not much.
But many museums have vast collections of leering skulls, which come from this period.
The head has always seemed to be a trophy in wartime and in other times.
But according to the book Severed, the latest hope is, as you've probably heard,
perfusion, keeping the head and the brain alive for a future time.
When it can be plugged in again to harass future generations.
What a nightmare.
Yes, I know.
It's horrible.
I know, yes.
Really terrible.
Don't let that happen to my head.
Well, once you're a head, you can't do anything about it.
You can't even talk until they turn on the air, which goes through your...
Turn me off.
Please.
Shut up.
Now, now.
Let's just give you a shot.
And then you can tell us more of that funny Bob stuff.
Let me die.
Shut up.
Shut up and tell us some more Bob stuff or we'll turn on the current.
No, no, no.
Don't push the red button.
No!
Okay, well, one day Bob was...
When he was a little boy, he could fly, you know.
And he had magic powers and he robbed a bank.
And the police shot at him and everybody got mad at him for shooting at a kid.
That's how lucky Bob was.
Okay, can you kill me now?
Please, please kill me.
Or launch me.
Do anything.
Launch my head into space.
Anything to stop this bodiless nightmare.
Did you ever see that old...
Old monster movie called The Head?
Yes, but I don't remember it.
Well, Wellman and I watched it.
Watched it while we were doing my podcast show.
And I was quite surprised by it.
It was one I'd always wanted to see ever since I saw the picture in Famous Monsters years and years ago during the early 60s.
I thought that looks kind of creepy, kind of cool.
Boy, I had no idea this is a most unusual movie.
Not only does it have...
It has a lot of multiple severed head storylines, but it also has nudity in it, which you just didn't expect in a movie of that period.
That was in the 50s, wasn't it?
Yes, but it was German, you see.
So then they also have that subplot like in The Head Without a Body, whatever that movie is, you know, that they always show.
The woman with the severed head.
The head that wouldn't die.
The head that wouldn't die, aka the brain that wouldn't die.
Um...
But in this movie,
they transplant a head onto a stripper's body like that guy intended to, and it's perfectly all right.
And the woman goes on with her life, and there's no retribution.
The other heads beg to be killed, but in this case, the woman does just fine post-op.
Yes, it's a most unusual film, which we recommend.
Wholeheartedly and wholeheadedly.
Well, we're heading for...
We're heading for the final head launchings of X-Day.
That's right.
And it's conceivable that millions, possibly even billions of heads could be launched, none belonging to subgeniuses.
But perfused, kept in some form of consciousness as they are launched from the buckling, shifting, flaming crust of the earth?
If we wanted to be that cruel, we could keep them alive in jars, like in...
Futurama.
And they can travel through the cosmos, spreading the message of enlightened peacefulness.
Well, they'd be spreading the message of don't mess with the subgeniuses.
Yeah, well, that's the same thing, really.
The way to have peace in the cosmos is not to oppose the will of anything any subgenius wants or requests.
See, folks, world peace is within our grasp.
That's right, but we're not going to leave it to the...
Uh...
Uh...
The others.
It must be imposed.
The test of any such system is how it is enforced.
And we of the other planets, they say, have created a race of incorruptible robots.
And these act at the first sign of aggression.
The peril for...
For attracting their attention is too terrible to mention, so we won't mention it at this time.
Dr. Onan Canna.
Onan Canna.
Canna-bite-a described us as the mind-your-own-business police.
That's not bad.
You know, mind-your-own-business was once thought of as a possible slogan for U.S. currency
and was printed on some Confederate currency before we came up with,
in God we trust, or the Novus Ordos Eclorum and all that stuff.
And many people thought, this is terrible.
terrible, reflects very badly in our country to have these obnoxious, smart-alecky slogans
in our money, so they fixed it up with the Masonic slogans that we now have.
Well, the Masonic slogans have the benefit of being mysterious.
Most people don't have any idea what they mean, although they come up with lots of explanations.
But there's an easy explanation.
If you know anything about Masonry or have read St. J. Kinney's book on the Freemasons,
the idea is that the pyramid is the structure that we build here on Earth,
and we essentially create the place for God, or create God ourselves,
with those 33 bricks that are laid down.
And Novus Ordo Cyclorum is properly translated as a new order of worlds.
And Anuit Coeptis means he.
That is to say the Almighty Spirit favors our beginnings.
Well, what's that eyeball all about?
That is the eye of God, sweeping around, looking at everybody, including you.
He knows when you are sleeping.
He knows when you're awake.
He knows when you are good or bad.
That's the idea, at any rate.
Well, you know, the lost continent of Atlantis, that civilization,
used a pyramid.
Or a triangle shape with a circle in the top.
Yes.
As their most common...
It was like the logo of their culture.
Atlantis was actually an archipelago.
It was a continent in primitive times, but it kept submerging.
And eventually the capital, or the chief island, which was also named Atlantis,
from which they got their name, although the inhabitants knew it as Poiseidonis,
was the last...
The last to go.
And the last mountaintops of Atlantis.
The citadel, or Acropolis, was the last to disappear beneath the sea.
Poiseidon, their god, was known by the Hellenes as the god of the sea
and the god of earthquakes, an unfortunate combination for the Atlanteans.
Well, I may or may not have told you about my research into Atlantis
as it relates to Skull Island.
Oh?
And...
And to the world, the really pre-Atlantean world,
well, actually the post-Atlantean world,
depicted in the video game called Monster Hunter.
It took a long time for those islands to submerge,
but the final catastrophe was as spectacular as in all the movies and pictures.
But up to then it was easy, like global climate change,
it occurred at a sedate rate, not immediately apprehensive...
apprehensible.
Well, you know, we've been finding Atlantean artifacts all over Stang Ranch,
and they're all going into the Destructionist Evidence Museum.
The first one we found, we had walked by it a hundred times.
It was hiding in plain sight, a gigantic triangular stone.
You have to know how to look.
Right.
And...
And...
This one, there apparently...
Our land must have been where the final battle
between the different Atlantean cultures.
There was one culture that had the, let's call it the eye on the big triangle,
or pyramid, was open.
They used a round rock.
And then the other Atlanteans had the eye closed,
and they would use a curved rock with the...
Mm-hmm.
Eyelashes added.
And sometimes they would add a buck tooth in the bottom of the mouth.
So those were like the subgeniuses of the Atlanteans.
They worshipped a sleeping elder god with a buck tooth,
to indicate that it was peacefully stupid.
There was a god that they had called Ugabolus, who had one eye,
and was once feared all through the Atlantean kingdoms,
and now is submerged, and no one...
cares for him or worships him.
Well, we can change that.
We can bring it all back.
On X Day.
It may be.
Fabled, glorious...
California will sink, Atlantis will rise, and so forth and so on.
Yeah, that's a good idea.
That wasn't that the lyric of...
Like a seesaw.
That was some song in the 60s, wasn't it?
That was part of the lyric of some band?
They had that, California will sink, Atlantis will rise?
Jimmy, actually, Jimi Hendrix.
Kind of did that in some of his lyrics.
He did several songs assuming Atlantis was going to come back.
In below lost Poseidonus, I was the god Ugabolus.
My three horns were of similar above my double diadem.
My one eye was a moon one gem found in a monstrous meteor.
I was the god Ugabolus.







Incredible far peoples came, called by the thunder of my fame, and fleetly passed my
terraced throne, where titan pards and lions stood, as pours an ever-lapsing flood before
the wind of winter blown.
Before me many a chorister made offering of alien myrrh, and copper-bearded sailors brought
from isles of ever-foaming seas enormous lumps of myrrh.
Hereweỳ begin.
I will sing it to you, the music's about to finish.
So after you sat onunning, some loud music vanquished, don't know where you lost your

Michael Ray King solid sскиеk my bouti last Opły spoken was in from m loosen
Old
manas
De
serpent crawls, and sea worms are my ministers, and wandering fishes pass me now, or press before
mine eyeless brow, as once the thronging worshippers. Clark Ashton Smith. Wow, that was great, Dr. Howland.
This music from The Incredible Shrinking Man matched the tone just right, I thought. Yes, The Incredible
Shrinking Man came to a state of equilibrium with his condition, finally proclaiming, I still exist in the
subatomic world, which we see in Ant-Man. Why don't they remake that one? I've been wondering that, The
Incredible Shrinking Man. They could do it so well. Right, I bet you that it's one of those things that's been
in kicking.
They're not going to be kicking around Hollywood. Well, they have to mess with it, but the actual thing is so well
conceived by Richard Matheson, because the guy, bit by bit, loses all the authority of an adult, and then even of a
child, you know, becomes more helpless and dependent. There's a terrible scene where he's out when he's about four
feet tall, and he runs into some kids, and they say, hey, it's that shrinking guy, and they beat him up. He has no
dignity. You read the book.
No, I never did read the book, although I'd love to. I'm a big fan of Richard. I think Richard Matheson was one of the giants.
Yes, he really wrote that thing well. The fight with the spider is very well described. The whole thing is well described.
Yes, sir. The Incredible Shrinking Guy, but then the opposite is the grotesquely expanding guy, getting larger and larger.
Kermit?
The Amazing Colossal Man.
Who was exposed to an atomic blast.
As we know, that makes things grow giant.
It burned off all his epidermis, but they found on the operating table, not only did his skin grow back, but everything was growing at a hyper-accelerated rate.
I want some of whatever he's having.
But then you have to live in a Quonset hut and wear a diaper and lose your temper and all of that stuff. Not that much fun.
His brain couldn't still function.
Well, as they pointed out, his heart didn't keep pace with the rest of his body, so he occasionally clutched his chest and looked pained.
Bummer, man.
Yeah, I'll say.
So, the thing is, all evil comes from disproportion, and he was certainly a little bit too much for what he needed.
But he came back in War of the Colossal Beast.
Yeah, with his face scraped off.
Yeah, well, you know.
You can't make an omelet without breaking some eggs.
Anyway, not to devolve into talking about movies and comic books, we have to try not to do that this time.
Good luck.
They guide us and have guided us many times.
That's why we were ready for Bob's word.
The Gestalt.
The constant exposure to science fiction, monster movies, comic books prepared us for the real life that is to come.
They are.
They are unsullied by the acts ground by authors and others.
They simply intend to entertain, and so they unconsciously and fully express the Gestalt, which animates the civilization which produced them.
Right.
That's why it's okay for us to talk about old monster movies.
Well, it is, as long as we qualify it.
But, on the other hand, you can edit these reminiscences and keep in all the snappy bits.
I try not to, though.
Oh, really?
Dr. Hal, did you know that?
No.

I try very hard not to have to edit these things.
You keep it raw, then.
Raw, raw, raw.
That's what we have here.
What spirit at XD?
We're at less science high.
Yes.
Well, we have more science high here because we are the last holdouts of scientific knowledge.
We are monster high.
We are monster high.
If I was a teenage girl, I would want to go to Monster High.
Monster High.
Well, monsters like to get high.
The problem, though, is that apparently they're only allowed to be very skinny.
There are no overweight girls at Monster High.
Wait till they get some years on them.
Then the high metabolism runs down and they become solid, blocky, and spread out.
Oh, speaking of Monster High, Dr. Hal, and I won't stay on this subject for long.
No, you can stay on the subject as long as you like.
It's gone downhill.
Oh, no.
They really went downhill.
They decided, I guess, sales were dropping a little bit.
Oh, no.
And they thought, okay, it's not broke.
Let's fix it.
They hire people and then these people have to justify their existences.
Meddling and fooling and, oh, it's so maddening.
They normalized them.
They're more normal now.
And they've changed the, they rebooted the origin story.
The conspiracy.
The conspiracy.
The conspiracy.
The conspiracy.








They did not let a good thing alone.
Oh, they wrecked it.
It's pointed more for really little girls now instead of tweens.
And the anti-bullying subtext is pretty much gone because they just made all of the subtext.
Oh, God, they added a new, instead of the headmistress, the decapitated woman who was the.
The head.
The head.
The head.
The head.
The head.
The head.


They've replaced her with Draculaura's dad, Dracula, who is now being portrayed as a bumbling,
bespectacled dad, a la Dennis the Menace's dad.
Boy, that's terrible.
An earnest pussy or a wuss or whatever one may say.
I probably shouldn't use that.
Well.
See, I will have to edit some.
It's been made a word used in public discourse and giant demonstrations.
Perhaps you won't have to do it.
Well, now.
Now headlines use words that we're not supposed to say on broadcast radio before 10 o'clock
at night.
That's right.
Broadcast radio needs to catch up with the rapidly shifting words of the national demographic.
It's funny.
Now that I'm an old man, I kind of no longer like to use curse words.
Well, they have to be saved for those special occasions, not casually spent for idle things
when you knock your toes.
Oh, against the table leg.
And it's good discipline to come up with more imaginative things.
Of course, when you're really hurt and really bad, of course you're going to cuss a blue
streak in the corniest way possible.
Because it makes it feel better.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Whining, complaining, screaming, those are powerful painkillers.
On the other hand.
Groaning and griping.
Those really help.
Sometimes it is a poetic language also, which is rare.
It's a rare thing.
But my father always told me about how when he was in the army in World War II, there was
a Thanksgiving feast where the sergeant made the most obscene speech before everybody ate.
It was like a grace.
But I can't repeat any of it because you would have to edit it all out.
But it was a remarkable performance that went on and on while everyone was waiting to eat.
That's great.
Yeah.
Some astonishing locutions, which he passed along.


Were made there.
I came up with a way to say grace that my dog taught me.
Yeah?
It goes like this.
Dog is great.
Dog is good.
But dog cannot have our food.
Well, that's a good thing to keep in mind.
But there's always some kid that feeds him under the table.
Or like in that movie Ant-Man.
They feed the giant ant that's under the table.
Right.
I enjoyed the Ant-Man movie.
I loved it.
I thought it was their best thing so far because it was just playful enough.
And the ants were great.
When he shrunk down to the micro world and hung out with the ants, he got a little too
attached to them, as you may remember.
Right.
Where he wants to kill humans because they kill the favorite ant of his and so on.
He's empathizing too much with them.


But still, that's a cool one.
And I hope they bring him back.
But not as Giant Man.
He did turn into giant.
He is in one of those Avengers movies.
And he does, for the first time, try being giant.
And he's clumsy.
Oh, hell.
Well, naturally.
He has a lot of trouble.
But it does get the job done.
I forget which villain he's fighting.
Yes.
At least, you know, the problem with the giant is after the work is done, then what?
But if you can shrink down, then there's no problem.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'd like the first time he shrinks, they packed in every shrinking man gag.
Especially like when he fell through the floor cracks onto a turntable, spinning a spinning
record.
He's actually holding onto the grooves with his tiny little hands.
Yes.
Also, the giant climax, the Battle of the Titans, occurs in a miniature scale in a child's
room.
So the camera pulls back.
And you see small objects.
And you see the little objects falling over with a little tap.
When up close, they're heaving muscles and hefting huge things and smashing each other.
But in our world, you can hardly tell what's going on.
I discovered, much to my horror, sort of by accident, that my wife and I have been a little
bit meaner to bugs than we meant to be.
Uh-oh.
Well, I got this new camera phone that does close-ups.
And slow motion, really well.
And I started filming insects.
And you could see them shaking their little fists at you.
Well, kind of, yeah.
When you see everything slowed down so it's more on their scale, well, the thing I'm thinking
of, we saw a really interesting but speedy little tiny beetle.
And I wanted to get a clear picture of him.
And Princess Wee kept, he would hide under a rock and she would lift the rock up.
And I'd film him scuttling over to the next rock.
And she'd lift that one up.
Well, when I looked at the footage and slowed it down, we were seriously abusing that little
guy.
Every time she touched one of those rocks, it was like a boulder being shifted around,
knocking him over, smushing his legs.
He looked scared in slow motion.
It's hard to describe how an insect can look scared.
But they can.
But everything, his motion looked more...

He looked more panicked than just reflex.
And I put some monster movie music with it by Bernard Herrmann.
And it's a lesson in cruelty to animals and how bad we were without even knowing it.
The bug survived.
He got away from us.
But he was severely traumatized.
He was.
And I reformed after learning that.
I'm going to put all of my cruelty against my own species.
Be a Buddhist.
Starting on July 5th.
Actually, I'm not that full of vengeance anymore.
I have one fifth grade teacher I'm going to resurrect and torture.
Let her know what she did wrong.
And put her back in the ground again.
That spelling bee thing.
Yep.
The spelling bee.
Mrs. Darden.
And we're coming down near the end of this first hour of slack recorded at X Day.
May it be a slackful hour for all of us.


For all who hear these words.
Well, it's probably going to be slow compared to many shows.
I've been enjoying the background music myself.
Yes, always.
What I said about the pop culture influences also applies for the music composed for these monster movies and other things.
It has the greatest likelihood of surviving to other eras if other eras may exist.
But those movies are in black and white, Dad.
And they're flat.
I want to see a 3D color hologram.
Well, get to work, kid.
With feel around.
And filling them out and colorizing and dimensionalizing them.
Oh, God.
I guess that eventually will happen.
We'll see things like the colorized 3D version of...
It came...
Well, wait.
That was in 3D.
The Harryhausen movies.
Yes.
The Beast from 20,000 Fathoms.
Colorized and in 3D.
Yes.
But you see they will also be feelable and everything else.
You can feel the monster's teeth.
When that dinosaur swallows that cop, you go right down his gullet with him.
It's so well done considering the cop is just like a little thing made out of paper that was created at the last minute.
The motion of the legs is extraordinary.
Yeah.
It's fabulous.
You can see the point where he loses life.
But then they must have hauled that guy up on a wire or something.
That's not easy to do when you're so low budge.
And they must have had a crane.
So they did quite well with what they had.
Eugene Laurier, a great art director who had worked with Jean Renoir and who made many interesting films.
There's a great monster swallowing a man scene in King Kong Skull Island.
When John Goodman finally gets swallowed by one of the big skull crawlers, he's got one of those old fashioned flash cameras.
And he's been completely swallowed by this thing.
But the camera is still flashing like mad.
And you can see it.
It makes it possible for the other surviving people to see where the monster is in the fog.
Because the camera flash inside its stomach makes it visible.
When it otherwise wouldn't be.
I thought that was a fun gag.
Yes, it's a mighty gulp when John Goodman is swallowed.
And I forget whether Samuel L. Jackson is also ingested by the monster.
Is he?
I think he just gets smashed.
Oh, well.
I think he just gets squashed.
Those monsters are way too big.
But of course we're moving from the original scale to the Toho scale.
So we can have the giant monster smack down.
Right.
But there was no point in having this King Kong climb the Empire State Building since he's already as tall as the Empire State Building.
Yeah.
I went in ready to hate that movie.
But I really enjoyed it.
Me too.
As a giant monster movie.
It's been one of the more enjoyable movies I've seen recently.
I didn't have problems with it as I did with the others.
But they tried.
They tried to be original.
And they succeeded.
It's only the name King Kong that is slightly troublesome.
Right.
Or Skull Island.
Well, I love the Peter Jackson version myself.
I don't have any problems with that one.
People say it's too long.
But I just love it.
Well, some could have been cut.
But not any of the monsters.
The plot was cut.
They did cut big monster scenes.
That's the problem.
They're not in the theatrical.
They shouldn't cut monster scenes.
They should cut the nonsense about drawing mustaches on the guy's poster and so on.
That is not necessary.
The whole subplot of the young Billy Elliot guy.
Who has a crush on the older black sailor could easily be removed.
And should be.
You don't start that up again when you're in the giant insect pit.
You are trying to defend yourself while you're in the giant insect pit.
The emphasis seems strangely wrong.
But, I don't know.
I haven't been in that giant insect pit yet.
So I can't say.
And we're going to go to that insect pit next episode.
Of the Hour of Slack.
We've been on for one hour now.
And I'm going to turn off the show.
We can go up the hill and get lunch.
Or chat with the subgeniuses.
Whichever is more nourishing to the spirit and the body.
Friends, you've been listening to the Hour of Slack.
If you want to know more about the Church of the Subgenius, Ex Day, or Dr. Howell, or myself.
Or more importantly, JR Bob Brown.
Or Dr. Dobs.
You can look at subgenius.com.
Ah-hoo-ga!
Praise Bob!
Over and out.

