I am seeking information about Bob. Let us see what is on the radio.
You're listening to PR News.
No, I don't think I can accept that program.
Nor that one.
The subgenius. Power of...
Slack.
Hey, what's going on?
Along with Bob, the pursuit of Slack, and a conspiracy of pinks, the subgenius theology includes a vision of the apocalypse.
According to church doctrine, on July 5th, 1998, when the television signal of Amos and Andy reaches the men from Planet X,
the aliens will arrive.
They will unleash their wrath upon the Earth.
And the men from Planet X are going to come down and take over Earth. They're going to...
They will put us out of our misery unless Bob can explain to them in ways that they can understand that there is something on Earth worth saving.
And only the subgenii, the dues-paying, book-buying, receipt-in-the-pocket-paid-in-full-to-the-church subgenii, have the tiniest prayer of survival.
The rest of them?
It's a tough world, Jack.
That's right, friends.
A red-letter day is coming.
And it is July 5th, year 2001.
And there the gigantic flying saucers come down out of the blue sky to pick up the happy-go-lucky subgeniuses and their pets.
Bluebirds.
And all their worldly goods.
And swallows.
Because, friends, you can take it with you when you're a subgenius, sure.
A throne of gold can be yours.
You can take off and get it on with Ba-ah-ba-ah.
And Dave here, who will be your driver throughout Earth space.
Step in. Step in, please.
Stand clear of the closing door.
Step in, please.
Stand clear of the closing door.
Red line, please, only.
Blue line to the left.
Red line to the right.
Hey, hey.
Welcome, and we'll be embarking for, well, wherever these escape vessels escape to.
No one's ever asked, and we're not telling.
What's gonna happen to your children?
What's gonna happen to your children?
What's gonna happen to you when this society we've created, when this society we've created, air conditioners, air conditioners, station wagons with wooden sides, station wagons with wooden sides,
cautious indeed, a retired actor, orange hair, orange hair, orange hair,
What happens when that collapses?
What happens when your diary was a damn well?
What happens when your diary was a damn well?
That's when the man from Planet X-9, when the man from Planet X-9,
I'm down to save the members of the subgenius jerk.
I'm down to save the members of the subgenius jerk.
But until that day, the power and wisdom of Bob can help us break their mind control by activating that mutant gland that we all have within us.
I don't know what I feel.
I don't know what I feel.
I don't know what I feel this way.
I don't know if it's right or wrong to laugh at misfortune.
Darkness can never last too long.
Every time I think I'm falling and there's nobody around to hold me up and it seems like the world has come to an end.
I look up for my husband, now the face is friendly.
And suddenly a photo comes up in the ground.
The bottom of the pool is a raging fire.
I try to jump above it but there's no way.
The next thing I know, I'm going down.
Does it hurt?
Oh, it really doesn't matter.
Does it burn?
Oh, I don't feel a thing.
Does it stink?
Oh yeah, it really doesn't matter.
Does it hurt?
Oh, I don't give a damn.
When I find myself falling and I hit the bottom, it only makes me laugh.
It only makes me laugh.
When I go down the pool and I hit the bottom.
The last time that I fell in love, the love was milk and honey but the milk turned sour.
The woman became a monster and everyone I knew had become a stranger.
And the room went black and my luck was spent.
The floor opened up, down I went.
Does it hurt?
Oh, it really doesn't matter.
Does it burn?
Oh, I don't feel a thing.
Does it stink?
Oh yeah, it really doesn't matter.
Does it hurt?
Oh, I don't give a damn.
When I find myself falling and I hit the bottom, it only makes me laugh.
It only makes me laugh.
When I go down the hole and I hit the bottom, it only makes me laugh.
It only makes me laugh.
It only makes me laugh.
It's coming at me like, it's coming at me like.
It's coming at me like, it's coming at me like.
Can't get out, can't get it out.
Holding up prize in doesn't hurt, van
it.
But really doesn't matter, doesn't burn, do a little crazy.
Do a little crazy, a little crazy.
Can't get it out, can't get it out.
This little pain.
We grow from our blow to our heart's
ated guns.
Take a whiz and I'll save you a change.
Whoops that aint my answer fast enough,
Just a little run a couple of times.
Lets go.
The end.

And no, so it was an alien place
The sun was coming by a dark cloud
And though I tried, I couldn't find a way to escape
The only way to go
Straight down
Does it hurt? Oh, it doesn't matter
Does it burn? Oh, I don't feel a thing
Does it sting? Oh, yeah, it doesn't matter
Does it hurt? Oh, I don't give a damn
When I find myself falling and I hit the bottom
It only makes me laugh
It only makes me laugh
When I go down the hole and I hit the bottom
It only makes me laugh
It only makes me laugh
It only makes me laugh
It only makes me laugh
I don't know why I feel this way
I don't know if it's right or wrong
To laugh at this fortune
Dark
This can never last too long
With a laugh in his face
Oh, oh, yeah
With a laugh in his face
I don't know why I feel this way
I don't know if it's right or wrong
To laugh at this fortune
Dark
This can never last too long
With a laugh in his face
It only makes me laugh
It only makes me cry
When I find myself falling and I feel this way
This song is just so dark
This song is just too dark
I've UTTERly fallen
I'm cellob ây
I can't die
It'll be over
But I still feel great
I'm sentenced to eight years in prison for harboring PR News in Washington.
PR News, Washington.
The alleged mastermind is still at large.
Oh, yes. Dear friends, thanks, Lemur, for news and titles.
Praise good old Danny Elfman for that song, Only Makes Me Laugh.
And praise Pope of all New York, David N. Meyer,
and Professor Chaz Smith and Lonesome Cowboy Dave and G. Gordon Gordon
for that media barrage set of clips there about X-Day.
Lots more of that old media barrage-y stuff to come.
We recorded hours of fun at 23X Day, or more properly, the 25th X-Day drill,
day in and day out for a week,
because we were meeting virtually for our end-of-the-world ritual party using the Zoom app.
And, uh...
the sound is weird and spotty and requires a lot of editing.
A lot of editing.
In fact, it's kind of hard to imagine getting through it all.
But, uh, we tended to get strangely informal and maybe too inside.
I had... I've removed some tedious and or interesting lecturing,
uh, but I'm putting it elsewhere for internet only,
so I can get it to the background mode.
Buddy?
I don't know if you can hear Buddy barking, but...
This music in the background is from Captain Blackout.
Cassie Overdose, he called him.
Uh, we did some kind of controlled show type things with the old guard
early in 23X Day, but much more of it was open mic madness
that any subgenius who spoke up would get.
So, uh, we're gonna have to get in on, and we'll get to those recordings soon.
But for now, it's the calm, old guy stuff with Dr. Howell,
Uncle Onan Canabite, Dr. Philo Drummond,
Piss Baptist John Shirley, Moda Mac,
and host Professor Pressure.
I've never seen that behavior before, but that's always why I went to X Day.
You know, I always like to see people do this.
I've never seen that behavior before.
You go to the room. That's why.
That's why I went to X Day.
So now I can say this was the X Day that I, you know, I saw John...
When I was a young boy, they said,
you should go to X Day if you want to see that stuff.
Hey, did you ever hear about the stark fist?
Well, I got something to tell you.
Yes.
Philo's granddad told him all about subgenius.
The lush fist.
Look him out behind the woodshed.
The nice fist of approval.
Yeah.
The nice open palm of approval.
Which you cross with silver.
And then you have to show to buy and sell in the marketplace.
For the first time, I realized what the meat I had seen below might be.
What else could it be?
Frightening as the thought may be, it could happen.
The sun will become dark.
The moon blood red.
The stars of the heavens will fall.
There'll be two major earthquakes that are going to be coming.
The islands and the mountains are shaking out of their sockets.
And the second one, no island, no mountain was found in the face of the earth.
It's all coming.
Yes, I'm ready now.
Then close your eyes.
And tap your heels together three times.
And think to yourself, there's no place like...
There's no source like...
BOB.
Round, round the slack-fo bob the bob down in the saucer-row.
Round, round the slack-fo bob the bob down in the saucer-row.
And in that air there was a ship, a rare ship, an ex � delight ship.
With a ship in the air, and the air flew in smoke.
H cloth It hid the smoke from the lamp, and the a prop
and the pipe, and the p ipe and the grid, and the grid.
And the bob bob down in the saucer-row.
Round, round the slack-fo ob the bob down in the saucer-row.
Round, round the slack-fo ob the bob down in the saucer-row.
And in that ship there was a Bob, a rare Bob, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
With a Bob on the ship, and the ship in the air, and the air through the smoke, and the smoke from the prop, and the prop in the pipe, in the pipe, in the grin, in the grin, in the Bob.
Bob Dobbs in the Sosaro!
Plan is to invade, to infest key men in government and industry with some alien force from outer space
that seeps into the human body and takes over.
Is that more ancient literature of subgenius?
Yeah.
Yeah, the old catalog.
Yep.
From a time when subgeniuses had to worry about who was eating and who was being eaten.
It's always one or the other.
Eat or be eaten.
Our ancestors told us this truth.
Only the most advanced life forms get off that particular...
They unchained from the food.
Food chain.
I know who did before us were the giant cave bears who were far more intelligent than today's bears.
And some of them, it seems, died of natural causes, so-called, peacefully surrounded by their loved ones.
Didn't get eaten at all.
And they were the first to achieve this.
Just four hours ago I murdered two lesser creatures and we ate them for lunch.
Lobsters.
We boiled them alive.
Oh my god, I hate that practice.
They're known to be relatively intelligent and socially, you know, evolved.
They're also quite delicious with butter.
But you're trying to terrify the kids on the kitchen floor.
Then you boil them alive.
Bobbies are delicious, but that's another story.
What if there is a form of life in space, not on some planet, but just drifting?
Not life as we know it, with intelligence, yes, but pure energy with no organic matter.
Invisible.
Invisible?
Now the rocket passed through its path.
It entered the rocket.
It found living specimens of our form of life.
Cell organisms.
Humans.
Exactly.
Now, if even by accident it could enter one of those structures, what a way to invade the Earth.
Now look, sir, I'm not over-intelligent, but will you...
You saw the film, you know what happened.
Only God knows where and how far that rocket traveled.
Something got into that rocket.
And it's found other forms of life.
The cactus.
The cactus.
The cactus.


Do you mean Kyrus, the cactus?
He's now in a shell of a man being transformed.
If one of these cactus plants were subject to the same mutation, there could be an affinity,
a union between plant and animal with the ability to destroy and possess and multiply.
An alien cannot invade a dead man, we're merely using this corpse for a demonstration of placement.
From PR News in Washington, I'm trying to murder former housing secretaries in several states, and in Arizona, retiring Senator Paul Sarbanes plummeted to earth.
Wall Street down 4 off 9, this is PR News.
President Bush is calling on voters to intensify their resistance against the United States after an unclaimed black backberry pack spoke to PR News in Washington.
Here we are on X.
Let me close the room, X!
X!
X!
X!

X!
I don't think you want to record us, but if you do want to, I did bring my...
What should I call it?
Tristan...
I'm happy with not recording us, let's just audio record.
We can be seen by the people on Zoom.
We can be seen by the people on Zoom.
They can see us, we can see them.
Ha ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha ha!
Happy X Day.
Happy X Day.
Happy, happy.
Happy x day, happy x day, happy x day, happy x day, happy x day, happy x day, happy x day,
subgenius.
Are you a subgenius?
Are you really?
Are you really?
Did you pay your dues this year?
That's all I want to know.
Gotta pay that entry fee.
Gotta pay that entry fee to the salsa ship.
To the salsa ship.
The salsa ship that's taking us away.
Taking us away.
Take me away.
Take me away.
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Like a deflated balloon.
I'm waiting.
I'm waiting.
I'm waiting.
I'm waiting.
I'm waiting for x day.
When is it coming?
When is it coming, rubber negative?
In the meantime.
In the meantime.
Now!
In the meantime...
We're gonna rock out until that salsa ship comes
and takes us away.
Ha ha ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha!

Ha ha.
Ha ha ha.

Oh, you can't imagine how it makes my old ticker soar like a hawk
to hear young doctors doing doctor music like me and Philo and our buddies did back in the days
of Doctors for Rotan, which was inspired by Doctors for Bob in Little Rock,
where you just turn on the recorder and go nuts.
That was the Sub-G Kids.
Kids, the Sub-G Kids, my favorite new doctor band,
which is saying something because I normally hate doctor bands.
We'll hear lots more new doctors in the future.
But for now, we must make do with the old doctors still in the first hour of the first day of the
first Zoom X-Day on July 1st of the so-called 2020, wherein we refer to the video things
that are...
Beloved radio audience cannot see.
This scene in the background behind me now is the way real X-Days are.
Is that a...
I love how you can move the image like a curtain.
It is a curtain.
Be the robot in the center.
Philo can come out from inside the image.
I love that.
Look at that.
That's a great effect by itself.
It's just so simple and obvious.
I'm sure it's...
Beyond the veil.
Sting.
Sting.
Sting.

Beyond the veil.
Days in the past that looked a lot like that, as I recall.
Yeah.
One of a kind of a...
Now, this way it's going to look next year.
Now, of course, the people listening to this on the radio don't know...
What next year?
This is the last year.
No, this is the place we look on my...
I was saying earlier that contextually, this is so apocalyptic, Al, this year, that this
could be the year, except the problem is the saucers will go to the place.
And we won't be there.
And so I've left a message for them to...
They're going to pick us up by pincers, which will pull us upward like this.
Oh!
And it will be a little painful, but it will be worth it.
Greatens your spine right out.
Greatens your spine.
It doesn't prefer to make it clearer the last terrestrial year, because just like space
travelers pretend for days and simulate Earth.
The wake and sleep periods will have the great solar year.
It'll actually be the year one.
Yes?
Down here, this could be the last year.
In fact, and surely is the last year of man on Earth.
Will there be taxes on the pleasure saucers?
There won't even be taxes.
Well, I don't know.
There might be that.
But it depends on how you want.
How you want to pay and your ability to pay.
Yeah, how you organize the things in the pleasure saucers.
But if they're truly pleasure saucers, no tax would be necessary.
They would be innately utopian.
Effortlessly.
Effortlessly utopian.
There's a heavy tax for everyone who wants to pay it.
Totally voluntary.
They do have a cussing job.
But if you're hanging with subgeniuses, you may find it taxing.
Absolutely.
That's how you pay part of the tax.
If you want to hang up a bob head, you have to use tax.
That's a good point.
Yes.
That's a good point.
Gatorade there, Philo?
Or is it something else?
Wee, she mysteriously appeared and vanished.
It could be a bottle of green pea or something.
But I think it is Gatorade.
I'm a gator.
Exactly.
It's like a ghostly apparition.
It's an endangered species.
Oh, hey, I did want to point out, if everyone looks up in the left-hand corner,
there's a little icon that says recording, and it's red.
So if you see that, that means that the whole thing is being recorded.
By them.
It's going to the Chinese server.
Of course it is.
We're on Zoom, which is managed by a corporation.
That's a point.
It could well be, you know, in the internet.
You're recording?
It's in a file somewhere.
A Chinese corporation.
Am I?
Yeah.
I'm doing it.
Is it a Chinese corporation?
Oh.
Wee, wee, wee.
I have nothing against the People's Republic of China.
May I add that you can make a personal recording of this if you just look down at the bottom,
the button on the right that says record.
You just tap it with your cursor.
Every subgenius has a team of three to five conspiracy agents
that follow.
And record everything they do.
And each of those in turn have five to eight conspiracy agents that review their work.
Well, and how many people are now around you here on this panel?
That's how we guarantee a high unemployment rate.
So that means.
The mystery of the beehive.
Exactly.
So the pyramid, the conspiracy pyramid is usually accurately portrayed inverted because the subgenius at the very bottom
is the person who's doing the work.
The one controlling all of these conspiracy agents by what we say and do.
You mean the Ose Dei is actually representing the Church of the subgenius?
It might be according to the Masons who, you know, you're if we don't have God, so we're going to make God,
we're going to build this pyramid and we're going to have the eye of God there who favors the beginnings because without the beginnings,
you can't get to that particular end.
Yes, it begins with the letter I that's found in J.R. Bob Dobbs.
That's the mystery that you have to unfold to get to the next level.
Every dot.
Yeah.
Oh, good Lord.
Every dot has a revelatory message for those who will but assemble them correctly.
We give you the Dobbs head and you then disassemble the dots, rebuild it into the pyramid.
You're going to have a little bit of a clench that makes sense to you.
The superclimactic message.
Yes.
Yes.
The dots derive their information from their relationship to the other dots in the glyph.
We're all extraterrestrials on a cycle that is ancestral.
We're off to see the wizards on a paradise among the stars.
We're all extraterrestrials.
We're all extraterrestrials.
On a mission that is ancestral.
We're off to see the wizards on a world among the stars.
You know that scientists have said that the Earth will soon be dead.
Philosophers have told us long ago.
You'd think by now we'd all be in the know.
Next year.
I won't.

No prob.
Next year you will.
The spin has stopped.
What fun would one of you have?


with you?
⁠—⁠—⁠—⁠—⁠—⁠—⁠— formation,
Screaming pá comp Judithوسopせ
Ziol família
КИ-
We must get off.
We must get off.
We must get off.
We must get off.
We must get off.

See the fire sweeping
Our very streets today
Burn like a rock cold carpet
Mad bull has lost its way
Born a shielded
It's just a shot away
It's just a shot away
Born a shielded
It's just a shot away
Shot away, shot away
Thank you ESO and all
members of the

ESO and all members of the
ESO and all members of the

just born in the saucers
Ennio Morricone
the great Italian composer
in years past
I ripped off his scores
for background music
on my very most heartfelt rants
and I owe him.
Here's one of my favorite
pieces of music ever
not from a movie soundtrack album
but performed by the
Danish National Symphony Orchestra
You can see
the amazing music
and the amazing performance
complete with the ladies singing
on YouTube
which is where I got this
Danish National Symphony Orchestra
doing ecstasy of gold
from the good, the bad and the ugly
from the glass so I can't rhyme





and I got this


on and off
the last two days
because I was nervous
because I felt soPN 페이heet
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
is written in this forced, painful, fake Victorian way. I'm surprised, John, that you haven't
encountered them just because they're so bad. It's a modern writer. A modern writer pretending
to write in the 1890s. You've got to watch out because the slightest usage can trip you up.
Yeah, it's always going to be threaded with anachronisms.
Not always, if you're a very careful creator.
A few people are. In television, when they have historical things, they're always having
anachronistic terms.
You can watch a Robin Hood movie and understand what's going on.
Robin Hood gets his arrow in the right place, shoots the apple and goes, yes!
Yeah, exactly. Stuff like that.
Awesome.
Yeah, that was awesome. That's the kind of thing that you see.
The story of Donahue sucks.
Yeah, some cowboys. Awesome.
No, they don't research these things.
Sucks donkey.
You had that Kevin Costner Robin Hood movie where they brought in gunpowder so they didn't
have explosions.
Well, look at it.
Anyway, the Robin Hood.
The whole thing is permanent.
Yeah.
It's embedded in my mind in some form.
It is impressed on me as a child and it will never go.
And Errol Flynn is Robin Hood forever.
And so is Daffy Duck.
We will always remember Robin Hood Daffy.
Yes, that was also a Warner Brothers presentation, which included footage from the Errol Flynn
movie in the cartoon with Daffy Duck.
I love that movie.
Yikes and away, wham!
Yikes and away, wham!
Music by Eric Wolfgang.
I remember that now.
That's interesting.
I'm going to press pause and then break the stimulus.
What a great trick you can have in a cartoon.

A terrible surgery and then we'll go across to the blackout.

Well, not exactly.
Well, OK.
And so will it be coming back to you?
No?

Who blows.
The Psychoskeletons.
Who else?
A piece called Keep Current.
But now, we must lift off with Chaz.
Knowing her fate, Atlantis sent out ships to all corners of the Earth.
On board were the Twelve.
The poet, the physician, the farmer, the scientist, the magician.
And the other so-called gods of our legends.
But not Bob.
Though gods they were.
And as the elders of our time choose to remain blind.
Let us rejoice and let us sing and dance.
And there was much rejoicing and singing at X-Day.
But we'll have to wait another year.
Hail the sex goddesses.
Because they did show up at X-Day.
A new day.
Yeah, we went over the rainbow.
Into the mitochondria.
Yeti DNA.
Level C.
Well, we're going to have to go north and south and east and west.
And we've got to wait another year.
Yeah, but we're going to fill up a new pipe.
We're going to wait for the sun to shine.
We're going to turn around and take our time.
We're going to break the seal to the other side.
You know, from the valley, I hear the muffled cry.
Of all them poor sheeple that we left behind.
And we're going to take that next evolutionary step.
Yeah, we're going to climb on those rocket ships.
We're going to build the vessels if we have to.
We're already testing the engines.
We're already testing the systems needed for this trip.
We're on the ride, yeah.
Mitochondria leave.
Thanks for the ride.
We'll take it from here.
Oh, here.
Here, this is the video down feed from the rocket launch.
Here.
Launch the.
Rocket ship.
This is remember they were all chanting this together.
Oh, yeah.
Lighting the fuse.
Everyone was dancing.
Mojo and I were out there lighting rocket.
Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!

Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!



Yeah!
Yeah!
Oooh!
In theigner, I was driving down all alone.

I got back up on that rocket ship.





I was riding down Main street in my car
A 41' under slung coupe.
When time went by, I lashed off,
I was all decked down, in ma blue suede shoes
And my hair was pumped with goo
I was listening to my radio and waving to all the chicks
When the music stopped and the newsman said
We interrupt this program to bring you a special news bulletin.
They destroyed the world.
The entire Los Angeles area.
Already hospital facilities have begun to crack under the strain.
And civil defense authorities state that the situation is much the same across the entire country.
Martial law is now nationwide.
Our fellow countrymen are dying.
The very foundations of civilization are beginning to crumble
under the dread assault of that horror long feared.
Mob?
Colorado Channel, this is a class one emergency.
All civilian traffic is barred from streets and highways.
Stay in your homes. Stay in your homes.
I got exactly what I wanted!
I got exactly what I wanted!
X-Day shall come soon!
Sooner or later.
That X is nothing but a cross that's fallen over on its side
and somebody jumped on it.
Banged it up.
There is hope. There shall be hope.
You know, we sit and worry, oh gosh, if only the X-Disc had come.
We could have had a new government where Bob was the leader
and since he's never around there'd be no laws and we could do anything we want.
We could have had a new church where instead of having to get up with a hangover on Sunday
and watch boring crime,
you'd go to church Saturday night and get drunk!
Drunk, my friend!
Oh, we could have had our own coolness where we invented the coolness, blah blah blah blah blah.
Friends, what are we waiting for?
Are we really waiting on some invisible monsters in the sky?
Or some space things?
Or some pipe smoking salesman with a good line?
Friends, I say, quit waiting, do it yourself!
Make your own slack!
Bob is not going to do it!
He's not the answer and neither is anything else!
You must learn to think for yourself, but only Bob can show you how!
Question authority or else!
And f*** if they can't take a joke!
Praise Bob!
Oh, those were the days, friends.
Oh, listen to that energy.
And nowadays I'm too old and beat to edit anymore for this episode.
So I'll end it with this edit by some utterly mysterious, probably much younger person or persons from the Cleveland area,
going by the name of Sheridan.
Sheridan sent us stuff.
This is some.
It's a very laid back, long collage piece called Adrift.
Even if you're driving right now, close your eyes and slack off.
Good morning, senor. Welcome aboard. We've been expecting you.
You greet me with 11 guns. The correct salute for El Supremo Capitan is 23 guns.
The King himself receives only 21.
That is why I always have 23.
Well, hmm.
I'm sorry.
I never thought we were pretending to always come back threatened.





They soiled myink, my Зак Tha'ty but I've nothing bigger than this now.


Well, Al-Majumdu.


Uh Oh E.
She think I'm Kelly di Zafran.
I just listened to this stomach of mine.
I mean, the way it keeps growling and squealing,
the way it sounds, you'd think I had a hyena inside of me.
I have a dream that one day
this nation will rise up
and live out the true meaning of its creed.
We hold these truths to be self-evident
that all men are created equal.
We are all human beings.
We can never leave.
Oh, isn't it wonderful?
We are all human beings.
Well, man, so far, so good.
Thank you.
Thank you.




Can two women really be so distracting, Captain?
May I remind you, ma'am,
that my men have been continually at sea for more than seven months.
And you, sir, how long have you been at sea?
I... I...
I shan't complain, Mr. Ornott.
We have much to be thankful for.
That's a fact, miss.
It's like they say,
it ain't never so bad that it can't be worse.
His kindness, his gentle wisdom, his humor,
everything about him is so right.
I...
I...
I...
I still have a dream.
I...

I...


I...






I...

I...
No honorable way to kill.
No gentle way to destroy.
There's nothing good in war except its ending.
It's a
It's a...

It's a...
It's a...
It's a...
It's a...
It's a...
I don't interrupt the parade to lecture the bandmaster,
which is a misimpression that people cultivate
because it's kind of fun.
People who look at this universe as a nice, comfortable place to visit,
maybe live in, maybe spend an awful lot of time in,
and anything that helps preserve the illusion helps.
And when you break it, it's like you're just,
you're harshing my particular fantasy right now, you know?
Do you speak Ewok?
Not fluently.
I still have a dream.
I still have a dream.
I'm used to bemoaning the idiocy of youth,
but it's bad news to keep hearing again and again
that this larger cultural heritage is being squandered
and evaporating before our very eyes.
A lot of human existence is denying our animal nature,
but I think that's the best way to put it.


I just want, I want to teach our kids
what the social expectations are
so that they can go into the world prepared.
I think just wearing pants should be enough
to distinguish us from the monkeys.
That's a good point.
What are we gonna teach you about the wearing pants question?
Eventually we're gonna have to confront that.
Pants are optional.
And now may I be allowed to say something?
Humph, humph, humph.
Mמה.
Humph, humph, humph.
Humph, humph, humph.

What drives me crazy is
people perpetually expressing surprise
that terrible things happen in the world.
I mean, it doesn't mean we're not going to be horrified.
It doesn't mean we're not going to be appalled.
It doesn't mean we're not going to protest.
We're, we're going to need to be aumentoodd.

do whatever we can to limit or undo these horrors. But we shouldn't be surprised. How can it be
that the commandant at Auschwitz would come home after a day of, you know, ripping babies from
their mother's arms and bashing their heads against the wall and sending people off to the
crematoria, and then he would come back to his house and kiss his wife and children and sit down
at the piano and play some Schubert before dinner? How is this possible? I think it's absurd to ask
such a question. Of course it's possible. Who said that wicked people don't have family lives or
have good taste in music? Monsters don't come with signs over their heads saying,
I'm a monster, and then they don't participate in any other human activities. I think we have
to understand that it's human beings who do this, and we have to stop being surprised.
We're going to cut out their living guts and use them to grease the treads of our tanks.
Americans love a winner and will not tolerate a loser.
That's why Americans have never lost and will never lose a war.
So, Dr. Knudsen, I take it that everybody's now on the same page and they all agree
on something about climate change. It's all finished, the shouting's over, right?
No, hardly. Based on the panel discussion that we had in New Orleans, there's still
quite a bit of disagreement on this issue.
Why is it such a hard issue to resolve?
Well, we're...
Thank you, Sheridan, and that long collage called Adrift.
Friends, if you want to know more about any of this stuff, just look at subgenius.com.
Subgenius.com. Everything you need to know about the Church of the Subgenius and this radio show,
The Hour of Slack.
