A closer look in this ancient Mayan tomb reveals a large plate.
The plate is a ceremonial dish containing figurines from around the empire.
Some look like subgeniuses, some look like sub-morons, others are barely visible.
But when you unwrap the wrappings from the desiccated mummy,
and apply the tanner leaves,
and chant Yartrathor three times,
the tanner leaves,
and place the pipe in the lips, the shrunken, shriveled lips of the skull-faced mummy,
and he will grin, his flesh will fill out, he will swell up and expand,
he will balloon out, and soon the salesman shall walk among us again.
Bring him back to life, and we will bring to him his bride.
Soon the world...
would be filled with salesmen.
Caucasian, pipe-smoking, salesmen.
Selling to each other, and buying from each other.
A prediction of an ideal world, or the rantings and babblings of a madman.
Much schnell.
Much schnell.
Thank you.
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
You're so genius.
Our house to watch.
We'll see you all again.
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Translated by
Mighty Warrior
For the legend of the Gepardians
For the struggle of my land must be
Mighty Warrior
For the legend of the Gepardians
For the struggle of my land must be
Free
Ah yes
Ah yes
Dear friends
That music was Rhapsody
Rhapsody, Warriors of Ice
Now this is what my friend Pope Sternodonts sent to me
He sent me this whole tape full of Scandinavian and European death metal
And I said, well, I don't know
Rare stuff
And he wrote descriptions of everything
And he says, Italian power metal
Right on
These dudes take the Halloween
Slash Blind Guardian power metal sound one step further
The first time I heard this
I liked to crack up
Then suddenly it hit me
These dudes are virtuosos and a half
I walked around for weeks singing
Mighty Warriors
After playing this a couple of times
For the legend of the Gepardians
For some reason
There is a load of Italian power metal bands
Playing stuff just like this
Check out the Bob Dang guitar solo
Well, that's what we did
That's what we just did
Rhapsody
An Italian power metal band
You never know what you're going to hear on the Hour of Slack
Such as this background music by Einstein's Secret Orchestra
Ah, yes
Oh, how about this?
That's Michelle on the violin in the background there
We had some kind of bad clipping noise there
Which causes this to be relegated to background music, I'm afraid
But at least it's better than nothing
Because, you know, what have we got here?
For the show tonight, friends
We've got a lot of tape
We've got a 1.45 caliber automatic
We've got one combination Russian phrasebook and Gideon Bible
$100 in rubles
$100 in gold
One package of prophylactics
One pack chewing gum
Three lipsticks
One pair of nylon shoes
A feller could have a pretty good weekend in Dallas with all this stuff
And friends, the next time you watch Dr. Strangelove
Watch Slim Pickens' lips
He did say Dallas
He did say Dallas




Not Vegas
But Dallas had become an offending word
Between the time the movie Dr. Strangelove was shot in 1963
And released the following year
They just couldn't bring themselves to say Dallas
Terry Southern had one word to say when he
He's a Texan
The late Terry Southern who wrote that film
He had one word to say when he heard of the substitution
But it won't be repeated here
Friends, uh
I wish for the luck plane to be tilted towards you
You, the listener, at all times
And may she, for luck is a lady
Be a sheeny, scratch-free surface of complete safety and love at all times
Never slippery
Except in the places you want lubrication to be
Go and do whatever
Whatever
Whatever

The hell you want
And may Connie, Bob, and all the elder and newer gods
Up to and beyond the time stream of this invoking
Spare you their hate and or wrath
And or any attention they may pay to you
That would cause you and or your loved ones harm
Unnecessary panic or even inconvenience
Unless, well, never mind
And slapped be
Praise Bob
Amen
Yes, friends, it feels good to hear them cranking away in the background
ESO
And that benediction there with which we open this holy religious show
Was written by Reverend Bleepo Abernathy
Who begins so many, so many
Hours of slack
So many
This is Hour of Slack
600 hours
And 76
10 shows past the number of the beast
It's Chaz Smith
And I'm Dr. J. Schultz

Michelle George, Ron Slabe, and Jeff Rosenbaum,
the last two from Ace, in the background.
Friends, there's an interesting...
Well, I'm going to get back into show, but I have to tell...
No, I don't. Let's just go straight into show.
Okay.
Okay.
July 8, 1979, all the fathers of Nobel Prize winners
were rounded up by United Nations military units, all right,
and actually forced at gunpoint to give semen samples
in little plastic jars, which are now stored
below Rockefeller Center, underneath the ice skating rink.
We want to be there for the thaw.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ugh.
I mean, it's disgusting.
You know what they put in the water, don't you?
Fluoride.
Yeah, fluoride.
On the pretext that it strengthens your teeth.
That's ridiculous.
You know what this stuff does?
It does to you?
It actually weakens your will,
takes away the capacity for free and creative thought,
and makes you a slave to the state.
All right.
What, what, what?
What, what, what?
Okay, well, this is, of course...
This is an update, ladies and gentlemen.
This just in from Dallas, Texas.
Park, the Lord Jesus.
The Lord, this is the Lord.
This, I just, this was slipped into the back of today's paper,
probably the most important event ever.
It will be, at least in this century...
Look out!
We must get off!
Dave was just talking ten minutes ago on this tape
I was playing about a plutonium storm
that we did that Tuesday night.
We recorded this improv thing that I'm playing right now.
And I just wrote it down because I thought it was a great little word phrase.
And Dave just, was just talking about...
That there was a plutonium, plutonium storm.
That's right.
You guys are psychics.
You've predicted the future.
Okay.
Okay.
So what happened?
Let me just read it from AP Newswire here.
Sure.
Tiny Pluto slips outside of the orbit of Neptune today
to resume its role as the farthest planet from the sun.
Normally the most distant planet, Pluto has an unusual orbit
that takes 248 Earth years to complete.
Pluto moved inside...
Well, let me get to the punchline.
Pluto will remain the most distant planet for the next 228 years.
You see, Pluto used to be the eighth planet.
Right.
It is now the ninth planet.
When I was growing up, it was always the ninth planet.
Well, it used to be the eighth planet.
In fact, it's moved so far away,
they're now taking a vote on whether or not to even call it a planet.
Well, it's a pathetic little dingleberry of a planet.
It's like when I pulled out of my dog's...
Parn.
Parn.
Parn.

It's not a real...
They're trying to demote it.
That's exactly what they're trying to do.
They're trying to demote it from a planet to a asteroid.
Not an asteroid.
No.
A hemorrhoid.
It is like a hemorrhoid asteroid.
It is.
Well, I was just saying it was like a dingleberry.
It started the plutonium storm.
It's like a dingleberry of Uranus, you know?
Dave.
Here it is.
Here it is.
They're trying to demote it to the status of dingleberry.
You're absolutely right.
That's the correct phrase.
To the status of a lowly dingleberry.
A dingleberry of Uranus.
Dave, you predicted the other night that there would be a plutonium storm.
Yes.
And it's happening right now.
Where is it happening right now?
It's such a big storm.
It knocked it completely to the ninth planet.
Now I've got to memorize the planets again.
Well, you never knew the names of the planets to begin with.
I remember you were calling Venus Oxgalit.
Pluto's not a planet.
I don't know how to memorize things in order.
Now, Neptune's a planet.
But Pluto, you know, it's just that rock out there.
It's a cold, dead rock.
Hmm.
As far as we know.
As far as we know.
They think that...
Yeah, there may be superconducting, you know, elements in Pluto
which make it a far more intelligent mind than any human could ever hope to be.
So you think Pluto is a vast, hemorrhoidic brain?
Yeah, but it'd be a really bored one, I would think,
unless it's able to sense radio and signals, you know.
But that huge, humongous creature belt supposedly goes on and on
for thousands and thousands of middle clanks off into the universe.
I mean, it goes further.
That belt you're talking about,
they're trying to stick lowly Pluto as a dingleberry into.
The Klipler belt.
The Klipler belt.
I'd like to give you a whipping with that belt.
And I'll take the bleep, oh, and I'll beat this Alpha Centauri of four.
There goes the clanking in the head.
It's the Scottish bunny Princess Wee.
She's riding that Plutonian storm.
Greeting Princess Wee.
She's a really Plutonian stormer.
She put up her sails for the Plutonium.
Plutonium storm.
Yeah.
Is that another false alarm, or is there really one going on?
There is one, and you should wear sunglasses.
Here it is.
Here's the sound of it.
You should go outside in a hat.
Sunglasses and hats.
This is a gas.
That's during the night.
If you go out at daytime, just wrap yourself up in aluminum foil.
This is gas music from Pluto.
Tonight on Secrets of Space.
Right here.
It was just fading out.
A confused recycling engineer takes his final vow
and does not to think of what it may have.
Snip, snip.
Snip.
Gas music from Pluto.
Oh, wait.
I've got the gas music.
Lord?
Yes, sir.
Are you still there, Lord?
I'm still there.
I was listening to the antics of ESO radio.
As far as I know, we're offline tonight.
You're off.
Yeah, I did try to get online.
That's an interesting story in itself.
Did you know that your college...
Here's the gas music.
...doesn't own its own...
Wait.
Here.
I tuned it in.
Here.
I have the special disc that can tune it in.
Gas music from Pluto, ladies and gentlemen.
I've got a decoder ring.
Should we go out there and start channeling so far?
The energy's coming off of Pluto.
That is a microphone that is on the Voyager spacecraft,
which is still picking up things.
Okay, I've got my decoder going.
I've got my Macintosh.
It's running like mad.
Okay, it says...
It's a medically sealed in one of them aluminum foil...
It's a looping message.
It says, get off.
My brain must get off now.
My brain must get off now.
My brain must get off now.


Your phone!
Look out.
With.
With.
Down.
Look out.
Look out.
To the vent...
Need to take a ride?
So, we're gonna get those headphones off?
Yes, we are.
Is it suffer packaging?
to attack
to attack
to attack
Go, go to sleep
and dream of pleasure ships
from high above
on July 5th
this year
Go to sleep
and dream of flying out
on lullabies
and dreams that far has none
Go, go to sleep
and dream of times
when we will meet
to sing
and praise the name
of Bob
Go to sleep
and dream of times
we will know
where the scars
come from


the animals
will be

Will keep allegorically
the snake
to drag
Take a look
First to the
rest of the
to the grave
then it's
The smiling face of Bob will keep you safe until next day.
Safe until next day. Safe until next day.
END
If you'll turn the machine on.
Are we getting through?
Is anything happening?
I mean, will they...
Will you turn the right knobs?
I mean, we're on the air.
Is that good?
Oh, you say we're getting there.
Oh, fine.
Good.
Any minute now.
Please be patient.
I mean, it's very difficult
to come through.
We can't contact outer space.
Oh, now they're coming through.
Here they are.
Wait.
The questions will come any minute now.
Here they are.
Why, of course.
Yes, we have
many, many women
here on Earth.
They're beautiful, actually.
They're different
from men.
In fact,
women are
extremely important to us
here on Earth.
I hope that that answers your question.
But
is there anything else that you'd like to know?
Well, I told you about the women.
I mean,
you know, you're repeating
the same question.
Maybe you don't have anything.
You're repeating the same thing
like that where you are.
By the way,
how are things
where you are?
Oh, I see.
Well, I'm sorry
I brought that up.
Is there
anything else
that you'd like to know?
Oh, well,
temperature here is
very, very nice right now,
actually.
It's been very hot,
especially for the time of year.
We like our weather.
We're very pleased with it.
It's been one of the warmest winters
we've ever had.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that it's been so hot where you are.
Well, that's the way things are, you know.
I'm sorry to hear that it's been so hot where you are.
Oh, by the way,
I'm interested in knowing
if you have
hydrogen bombs
where you are.
Oh, I can tell
by the way you said that.
Is there anything that you'd like to give
to us
as a message
from outer space that
would mean something?
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that you're
so frightened of us.
There's no reason.
These are little attempts
of science.
We have absolutely no intention
to do anything.
Don't you ever wonder about all these militia groups?
Survivalist type kooks on the right wing side?
They say that they're defending the country
from the UN troops.
These guys are yelling so loud.
My theory is, and this is a conspiracy, pal,
that they are the UN troops
and that they're in place.
The infrastructure's ready.
It's just a fading company.
When the time comes, they'll just take over
and we'll all be toast.
Oswald, yeah, Oswald.
That's what I said, Oswald.
He said, I'm just a patsy, and that means
that he didn't do it, right?
I'll tell you something about Armand Hammer.
Goes to the doctor, and the doctor said,
Hey, Armand, you've only got one day left.
You've got three minutes to live.
And he says, Oh, my God, that's terrible news.
Isn't there anything you can do for me, doc?
Three minutes.
And the doctor says, Well, Armand,
I can boil you an egg.
I guess not.
All right.
What is commonly referred to as the pyramid inch,
which is not only a cosmic number and measurement,
but also a cosmic number and measurement,
which predicts the end of time as we know it
as 552,000,
but they have numbers incorrectly on it.
See, it's 752,000.
It's 7599.
David, you sound like a chimpanzee teaching math class,
teaching the seventh grade math class.
What would be more appropriate in the world we live in today
than to have, like, perhaps a mackerel hanging from the top of your head
while you're playing basketball?
A chimpanzee should be allowed, not only,
should be foresworn to do his duty and teach math to the modern smudge
because they have no idea how the real Bulu would be
and the architecture goes.
You know, one of these days, Dave,
you're going to start making sense to me.
I did. I did.
When you play the tieback, it makes sense.
It just doesn't do us a whole hell of a lot of good right now.
I just said that chimpanzees should teach math because they're smarter.
And sexy, too.
Well, I've been going that way for a long time.
And I think most people that are listening agree.
You've been swinging from the trees, as they say?
Yeah, I've been the Assyrian slammer since I was 24.
I first met my first baboon, I think it was in Calgary.
Hey, did you also hear the scientific news that they think one of the venera
and the zond spacecrafts that landed on Venus?
The Mons Venera?
The Venera?
The Mons Venera.
The Venera 2 and 3 were launched back in 1965, I think it was.
And the zond, the big zond, was launched even earlier, 64,
and those landed on Venus.
The zond.
Are you sure this isn't, this sounds like Scientology to me.
No, zond.
The great god zond landed on the planet Venus.
No, we had, like, we had the Mercury, I mean the Saturn 5 rocket.
They called their Saturn 5 the zond.
That was their moon ship.
Ah, the zond.
Yeah, that was their...
So it drifted out of orbit and smacked into Venus?
It landed on the dark side of Venus.
Oh my god.
And the other one landed on the opposite, the sunny side of Venus.
And now they...
Now they battle for domination of Venus?
Well, after years of them being...
They only lasted a few minutes while they were there on the surface before they were fried.
Well, all of a sudden, we're starting to get messages from those probes.
What?
Yeah.
They reactivated?
Yeah, somehow on their own.
That's another prediction that out...
That's definitely a sign.
Princess, we...
That is the message.
You're the queen of the UFOs.
You, you, you look into it.
You explain it.
What are these messages?
I can look into it, but you know these things cannot always be revealed.
But Venus, we know that Venus is inhabited by a race of space creatures.
Yes, the planet Rets.
Have you heard of the planet Rets?
No.
Sri Paul Twitchell in his book, The Ancient Science of Ekankar, explained that the city
of Rets contained many, many beautiful, beautiful women.
Ah, Ek.
Sri Paul Mitchel, he is the holy Ek master.
Yes, and he said there were babes of plenty up there, too.
And he's asked...
Bob Dobbs is the holy Drek master of Drekankar.
Well, what's the difference?
There's none at all, just the spelling.
Well, I think...
There is no spelling.

There's more like negative sound to it, like dregs of humanity, like Bob might be
some sort of alcoholic underneath the whole thing and can't really keep books...
No.
No?
Drekankar, you've heard of that.
No, I haven't.
Three Darwin Dobbs, they teach the art of mystic soul travel.
They believe that the soul is in the foot and it's supposed to travel to the seat of
the soul of the next person.
That's why...
It's also called ass kicking for Bob.
I thought it was licking.
I believe I've heard of it.
I thought it was chicken licking.
And here all the time, you know, I was doing that.
Speaking of chicken licking, now, you know...
It is.
That little chicken ran around saying, the sky is falling, the sky is falling, and was
sort of crying wolf, so to speak.
And yet today, when we say the sky is falling, we literally mean it.
On July 5th, 1999, this very year, the sky will fall.
Nostradamus himself predicted it.
And how would he...
Well, the thing is, though, how do we know that Nostradamus' persuasions have anything
to do with reality?
Because so many of them...
I mean, history was kind of on the money, but as we float out here in a giant gas bag,
you know, it doesn't seem to make that much sense.
It seemed to...
I think he screwed up a lot.
Well, next year, you're going to be saying the Bible doesn't make sense, or Book of the
Subgenius doesn't make sense.
Well, if I think Simeon should be teaching higher math, how could I think the Bible makes
any sense?
I mean, I...
Well, I was going to ask you that very question, Mr. Lonesome Sea Dave.
Well, on the same lines, I do believe in the Bible...
I mean, the Apocrypha of Bobbin, the Church of the Subgenius, because it makes the same
sense as the monkeys does.
In the same fashion, they...
Well, I guess you're right.
I got one letter today that said that Revelation X was full of hate, 180 pages of hate.
We have a movie...
Actually, there's only 178 pages of hate.
The Church is a Church of the Subgenius.
I saw a license plate today that said F-R-E-E, the number two, and the letters H-T.
Well, now, see, you sent me an email about that.
You said that to you that meant free to hate.
Yeah.
Now, when I saw that on your email, to me, the first thing I thought of was free to hits.
Me too.
Yeah.
I thought it was frustrated hemophiliac thermo monkey, whatever it was.
Well, now, see, it's like the book of the subgenius.
It's whatever you read into it.
You read into it what is the deepest thing in your heart.
Relevant interpretation.
And Chaz, obviously, was full of hate.
Hate.
Free to hate.
And Princess Wee was full of pills.
And I was free of nuclear flil.
Poor Dave was full of hemorrhoidal tissue.
Nuclear flil.
You know, the Earth...
The Earth...
The Earth books around the sun at 18 and a half miles per second.

We're moving.
Our spaceship is moving at 18 and a half miles per second.
You know, that would explain that vertigo I was having.
That would explain why my navel's back where my spinal column used to be.
Of course, I don't have much of a spinal column left.
We must be going pretty fast.
But how fast is the sun moving?
And relative to what?
Oh, relative to the center of the galaxy, I'm sure the sun is probably moving at hundreds
of thousands of inches per second.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
Yeah, it's looking pretty quick.
Because it goes up and down.
It goes all the way around the galaxy every...
I think it's like 400,000 years.
Oh, man.
Wow.
A drop in the bucket.
Yeah.
A tiny shaping off the great beard of time.
Yeah.
If we could go there and back on a razor's edge in supernal time and so forth like they
predicted about, and we came back, and then 5,000 years would be one aeon of a god's time.
And by the time we come back to Earth, we would look like babies, and there would be
new gods on the planet.
Wait, wait, wait.
Earth, Earth, Earth.
Earth, Earth, Earth.
Earth, Earth, Earth, Earth, Earth, Earth.
I mean, that's kind of like saying smoke cigarettes or drive cars.
I mean, it's real generic.
It's like this guy looks at me and he says to me, do you think you're living in a free
country?
Do you think this is a democracy?
Of course it's not.
Websites, newsletters, self-published manifestos, they think we're kooks.
I mean, George Bush knew what he was saying when he said new world order.
Remember those great little words, new world order?
Well, he was right.











He was a 33rd degree mason, you know, and his ex-director of the CIA.
He was a lawyer, and was a lawyer in his own right.
Yep, that's clueless.
Check it out.
I mean, history has already been said.
First, but first, friends, you must first send your love to Bob.
Yes.
Well, I should probably tell you what we've been listening at here.
Einstein's Secret Orchestra on the radio, Swamp Radio, broadcast on WCSB Cleveland.
Cleveland, and with Lonesome Cowboy Dave, Chaz Smith, the maestro there, the violins of Michelle George,
and Princess Wiardo, and Reverend Bleepo Abernathy, and yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang, as guests.
And a little bit of clips there from Conspiracy Theory, the movie with Mel Gibson,
in which Mel Gibson plays a character that I'm convinced is based on Lonesome Cowboy.
Cowboy Dave.
And then the older-sounding outer space routine was the man's voice talking to the aliens on side one
was Ken Nordean, the great Ken Nordean, one of the earliest home studio indie...
What?
Well, then we come back and there'd be a whole bunch of...
We've been around. The Earth has been around the galaxy 16 times since it was formed.
The Earth has?
Yeah. Our solar system has made its round around the galaxy.
Who's been counting?
I can only remember about three.
Carl Sagan told me that.
Three back.
Carl Sagan, he counted about 14 of them.
You were around for the second trip around, weren't you?
And the seventh.
Well, supposedly, if we follow the same rules of correction where our feet fit in like the dinosaur prints
and we see the spectral illusion of ourself like Pluto, what you were talking about, and the sun particularly...
I'm sorry. I lost my train of thought there.
The escape velocity, the velocity we're going to need to get off.
That's it.
The velocity we need to get off is 6.94 miles per second.
We're going to need a lot of thrust to get off.
That's equal to the speed with which...
Dave's memories leave him.
Yeah.
That's Dave's escape velocity.
Yeah, that's the...
It reminded me of what I was thinking of before, and then it was gone again.
Jeff, how goes the rocket building?
How many feet per second are you up to?
Well, we're not sure.
We're going to have a lot of testing to do when the weather gets...
Now, you're saying that the military is going to have a problem if we launch any rocket more than 100,000 miles?
100,000 feet, which is...
Well, we don't want to accidentally set off...
That's the Russians' early warning system, which would then set off ours.
So, I mean, should we just go ahead and just do it, or should we contact somebody?
Well, they're pretty much just made out of cardboard, so...
Yeah.
I don't know.
I think maybe they're stealthy, because they're just made out of cardboard.
Well, you're thinking, J.C., it's totally for a subgenius to think about,
hey, whose airspace am I going to violate?
Yeah, I have to...
Well, as business manager of the church to the subgenius, I have to worry about, yeah, the...
Yes, you have to, but as the official spouter, staying most in-sconsious to go out there and violate them airspace.
Well, yeah, yeah, I guess...
Who does it belong to?
In reality, to get up to 100,000 feet, you'd have to have something...
You'd have to steal something from NASA.
Yeah, the...
Deal your own ship.
Jesus was saying that himself.
Deal your own ship.
That's a possible...
Are you sure?
Now, you're sure that you're just not...
You're saying that because you've been told that by the conspiracy.
No, no, no.
I know that to be true.
Friendly C engine.
Friendly C engine on the face of the planet.
You might do it, yeah, if you could light them all at once.
Yeah, we'd light them all at once.
We still couldn't get it...
Well, you'd have an awful lot of thrust, but you'd only have about 12 seconds of burn time.
Listeners, if when you're on your way to Brushwood, if you're coming from the west, stop at Hangar 18.
And steal your own ship.
And stop at Area 51.
If you're coming from south, stop at Cape Canaveral or Houston Control.
If you're coming from the east...
Thank you.
Studio 54.
Yes.
Yes.
Steal your own ship.
Yes.
All that talking just makes me paranoid as usual because, you know, they know that you're pirating parts already and stuff.
So, what difference does it make?
Manipulate your orbital eccentricity, for Christ's sakes.
Dave, I think they want us to get off the planet.
I don't think anything would make them happier if we actually achieve this goal.
In fact, if we do go to NASA and ask them for a ship, they may very well give us one.
Just to get rid of us.
I think they, more than anyone, would like to see us go.
That's part of the racial plan of the Uberman.
I think they're going to take advantage anyways to get us all interested in this stuff so we leave.
It's all a big myth about the world is firing.
No, no, no.
It reminds me of a classic science fiction story called The Marching Morons.
Where a brilliant sleazeball from the past comes up with a great idea to get rid of all the morons of the Earth
by tricking them into a big vacation on Venus.
They're packed into spaceships and crashed into Venus where they die.
That's the world of No Light.
No Lay.
No, that's not the world of No Lay, is it?
That was the song.
We are not tricking idiots to get into rockets to launch them into space just to get rid of them.
No, no.
No, no.
Actually, I think that's an old Douglas Adams idea.
Well, anyway, because most subgeniuses aren't idiots, obviously.
Dave, you're a subgenius.
I'm a subgenius.
Yeah, I know, idiot.
Well, there you go.
I'm a full-blood, goo-goo-lipping, 300-pound, red-blooded baby boy.
There you go.
So, I mean, by just...
Your existence proves that subgeniuses aren't idiots,
and therefore, why would we be trying to get rid of them?
I guess I'd buy it on that basis.
Well, some subgeniuses are idiots.
Yes.
Duh.
Live in the abyss.
What are you...
Well, some subgeniuses are idiots.
Yes.
Duh.
Live in the...
Well, some subgeniuses are idiots.
Duh.
Live in...
Some subgeniuses are idiots.
Duh.
Live.
Duh.
Duh.
Live in the abyss.
What do you think subgenius means?
Below.
I thought it was...
Ah, the level.
Reading my pamphlet number one,
I thought that we were geniuses of things that were under...
The underculture, the underground, the things that were...
The underworld.
Well, that's the politically correct way to say they're a bunch of retards.
Then it becomes...
So you went into some kind of place where they came from and you start learning from
you...
Yes.
Right.
The Lord God took the man, put him in the Garden of Eden to tend it and to keep it.
And the Lord God commanded the man, saying,
Of every tree of the garden you may freely eat,
but of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil you shall not eat,
for in the day that you eat of it you shall surely die.
But they didn't die.
As the story goes, they lived to be quite old.
No more experiments.
I thought you would be able to understand that.
Perhaps four is better.
Anyway.
If he'd gone up like he went up,
he would have come down like he came down.
This is the way it's been done for billions of years.
This is the way it's been done for billions of years.
As a result of losing my house, my job, all my money, all my friends,
almost my dignity, I've lost it all.
This is the way it's been done for billions of years.
This is the way it's been done for billions of years.
Something's going to happen.
And I wanted to say goodbye.
What's going to happen?
Something wonderful.
This is the way it's been done for billions of years.
This is the way it's been done for billions of years.
It sounds good, and the promotion of it makes it sound like this could be your ticket out.
This is the way it's been done for billions of years.
This is the way it's been done for billions of years.
Something's going to happen.
Something's going to happen.
Something's going to happen.
This is the way it's been done for millions of years.
You gotta get that thing fixed, man.
This is the way it's been done for billions of years.
I mean I thought it was a bad haircut day,
and then I looked closer and it was like peeling up.
The plate was like punched in on the back side,
and the front side was haha so that you could actually
see the meat in there or brain or whatever.
That is, you know, I thought maybe I could take care of it holistically.
You know, I drink these teas and stuff of that in law.
The brain tissue and the CFH fluids appear to be seeping right back into the
core where they supera—
supposed to be, but I still have a vertigo sensation, and sometimes I see things in trees
and sixes, but it's all right. Well, Dave, once the soul has been corrupted like that, there's
really no way to get your balance back. Well, I suppose my car has been made caca, but what about
your own soul staying? I mean, mine's up on a jack in the front yard. It's up on blocks.
Ain't no good to nobody, is that what you're saying? Won't go no more? Neighbor's been
complaining. Hey, your brain's out there, been out there on blocks. It looks like now it's got
a flat tire. Looks like an abandoned brain. We're going to have it towed away if you don't do
something about it. You can make a ship out of that thing. See, anything will work, even your
car shell or your astral shell or hunks of your own brain. You can model into a way of getting
off here. Well, now you're talking that Drakankar religion, because they,
they preach that you could travel by just sitting there with your eyes closed in the car,
driving 70 miles an hour. You could shut your eyes and travel astrally to other planets.
What we call daydreams, the Akankar religion teaches are actual real other planets.
So if I think of an album cover world, you know, or something I saw a long time ago
in some painting, and I, and I go there in my imagination, if I was an
Akankar or Drakankar nut, I would, I would literally believe that I had been there. Unlike
we subgeniuses who of course are rational and scientific. But we realized that it's not until
after you leave the planet that we will visit those worlds. Right. We we're, we're, we're
literalists about this sort of thing. I don't, I don't want that. I'm not going to put up with
some imaginary X vessel, the escape vessel planet. I wouldn't put no stock in that neither.
I want the real thing. If I'm not going to put up with it, I'm not going to put up with it.

I'm going to get the real thing. I'll just keep my eyes open, my feet on the ground, my head in the clouds.
Just go for it, man.
Yeah, but there's so many...
Point on, Mr. Businessman. You can't dress like me.
There's so many grim visages in the dark and so many phantasms. I can't tell what's real and what's not anymore.
You know, chances are he's building all these ships and not getting in, climb inside them with them and everything.
And it seems like to be a great time, but I don't know if they're in my mind or not.
No, those are real, Dave.
Well, I have doubts about them.
You mean when the real thing...
When the new ones come, I'm going to have doubts, too. Those are real. These are real.
The ships are real. I might not be what the ships are.
They might not. See, that might not be real either. Of course, you have so little faith.
Well, that's the thing. The UFOs are the only thing that are real. You're a hoax.
Well, all hoaxes, then, if you...
Reader, you are the hoax.
Are you rathering...
The UFO is the hoax.
The UFO is the witness to the strange phenomena of you driving down that weird road at night.
That UFO is more freaked out than you are.
You're the ephemeral hallucination. You and your whole world.
The whole conspiracy is really that we're living on an alien world and we don't even know it.
This is not our world, friends. We're meant to be somewhere else.
It was a night in April in 1959. I was...
Cruising down the highway. I was headed down Route 66 to see my beloved Aunty Flora, and as I looked up to my right, I saw what appeared to be a large oval object.
Cruz And, as I looked up to my right, I saw what appeared to be a large, oval object.
I thought at first my diaphragm had tipped out of the side of the car and wasn't, like,
I wasn't, like,
gevura-king Roman


navitating over my head, but, you know it, it was something much stranger than that.
navitating over my head, but, you know it, it was something much stranger than that.
And I, I, it was glowing in some way I can't describe.
And it, it was, it was, it was obviously glowing above my head.
And I Iz지는 a'
Mo'
pulled over the side of the road and...
And I broke down and began to cry.
I didn't know what was...
We are your friends.
We wish only for a sample of your ovaries.
We come for a little piece of what makes you.
Please, Earthling, be calm.
We come in peace.
I don't know if you should touch me there because I've never let anyone touch me there.
Just relax, ma'am. It'll be all very soon.
It's for your own good, human.
This is the way we've done it for millions and billions of years.
Millions and billions of years? I hardly know you. I've never seen you before.
You've known us for thousands of years. We were there when the pyramids went up, ma'am.
We were there under the four-leafed clover.
We were there with our pot of gold.
Oh, no, don't stroke me there.
Oh, please.
Oh, please.
We are there in your dreams, the night hag sitting on your chest.
You can't breathe.
You must believe.
I've seen that hollow face so many times before.
I thought it was my granite chin, Jing.
We were there when you climbed out of the trees.
It was the face of the monkey in my looking glass.
We were there when you crawled out of the...
Oh, no, it's Professor Berswam. He's going over the books again.
We were there when you first reproduced yourself successfully.
We were there when the sun that exploded to create this solar system...
You were there when the sun was created in your own mind, whoever you are.
...did itself in.
We'll admit we've been recombined a little bit into radio superstars.
Instead of flakes of carbon and hydrogen.
The ash of stellar alchemy.
Is it true, possibly, that we're all made of the same material?
Everyone on this line, everyone listening, may be made of the same genetic and psychoactive...
We're made of the...
Well, everybody except you, Dave.
Come on, Spaniard.
And Jesus, Jesus is of holy stock.
Oh, yeah, right.
Oh, gee, look at that. The Lord has fallen asleep.
The greatest protection I can give to you is from yourself.
Tonight, we're going to see some chilly temperatures, a few showers, and rocket ships.
And today in the news, an amateur rocket builder from Ohio has launched a rocket ship...
into low Earth orbit.
He says he built a spaceship in his garage.
And that it's powered by what he calls solid prop rockets.
Let me go to space. Let me go to space.
Don't tell the air traffic controllers nearby.
But, um...
And that's a baby one. I mean, for X Day...
X Day at Dos Equis? X Day at Brushwood? This summer?
We literally have military issue rockets that will be launched.
Eighteen rockets.
Leashed to a large industrial trash can.
Holding inside of it, Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Who was late again this afternoon.
But hopefully he'll be here tonight.
And a little video camera and a radio transmitter.
And a little video camera and a radio transmitter.
And a little video camera and a radio transmitter.
So...
So...
You know, friends, we're trying. We're trying to get off.
Now I gotta memorize the planets again.
He was very gracious to get me up at the crack of dawn the next morning.
Behind the wheel and on my way to Waco.
I didn't have breakfast in bed. I didn't get to watch a midnight movie.
I missed a lot of things. But I did what I had to do in Waco and returned.
And that incident was put out of my mind.
Except to tuck away and say, you know, nothing happened. I had no car trouble.
I missed a wonderful time.
Because my husband wouldn't let me do it.
The tendency of stupid ideas to seem smarter when they come at you.
Bill, Bill, old rocket ship. Bill, Bill, old rocket ship.
E.S.O. Radio.
Bill, Bill, old rocket ship. Bill...
And the Church of the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of...
Slack.
Which is what you're listening to all mixed up with Einstein's Secret Orchestra Radio.
And you can get more information about these mighty edifices and these shambling monsters of faith
by writing to this P.O. Box and website addresses I'm about to give Bob and Church of the Subgenius Information.
With a self addressed stamped envelope to...
Post Office Box...
140306...
Dallas, Texas.
75214...
That's www.subgenius.com
Which does...
Subgenius does not have an O in it.
Einstein's Secret Orchestra is at P.O. Box 81555.
Cleveland, Ohio 44181.
Friends, you can find out... you can learn everything from Slack at subgenius.com.
You can learn... well, code. That's enough.
This Godzilla music is great.
This is King Kong versus Godzilla.
That rascally Friday Jones sent this in.
And what else have we listened to?
Actually, I think it's all been...
Chaz Smith's editing has been the cause of the excellent collage work that has broken up the various live radio show recordings.
Thank you.
The old rugged cross.
That is a gruesome, terrible representation of a...
Wonderful sacrifice.
Also in the news today, religious scholars agree that Jesus should have built his own rocket ship.
Who do you think you are, living the lifestyle that you're living?
Let me go to space. Let me go to space.
That's how it's been done for billions of years.
It's been done for billions of years.
It's been done for billions of years.
It's been done for billions of years.
It's been done for billions of years.
It's been done for billions of years.
Let's have a party, man. Let's have a blast.
Let's celebrate.
Let's have a good time.
Yes, they have some sort of electronic umbrella. It's quite impenetrable.
I'm sure there are any other people who wish to share details about their fleet.
Perhaps if you've been enjoying a prairie squid or other wonders of nature.
Featured here in the Ohio wilderness area.
You know, we'd love to hear about, you know, your poison ivy sex.
Told you we were into bug porn.
And you thought that was just a cosmic gag, some kind of a concept.
And we're working on the computer animated bug porn.
We're training the stag beetles.
And that ain't easy.
No, surely. I mean, come on.
Anything.
Otherwise I'll just have to preach, and I don't want to preach.
We try to avoid preachiness.
Corniness is the downfall of the new age.
No offense.
But I like dinosaurs more than unicorns.
You know.
I don't know. It's just a person.
Oh, yes.
You know, it's funny.
You go back in time.
A hundred years. What would you take with you?
If I could go back in time a hundred years, what would I take with me?
Uh, water purifiers.
Pretty good answer, huh?
It's just weird thinking about the basics here.
I haven't even done my Y2K shopping yet.
I'll probably head down to Kmart on the, you know,
the day after Christmas.
Looking for bottled water and dehydrated eggs and flashlight batteries.
I'm sure they'll be well stocked then.
Oh, and then I was also going to sell all my stocks.
Figured I'd do that about, oh, December 30th or so.
And run to the bank and cash them all in.
Friends, you know,
every day is X day.
If you've got a gun,
power to man.
The escape velocity, the velocity we're going to need to get off.
That's it.
The velocity we need to get off is 6.94 miles per second.
What?
It's j empresa .
Andreas eu de
Emil
I'm out of here
It's my favorite song
Said I need you here
And it's the best one
I've seen in years
Give me my way
We've got a love
It's only me
I'm coming in love
Don't need no letter at all
We've got a plan
We're not alone
We've got a life
We've got a plan
We've got a plan
We're not alone
We've got a life
Hi.
Hey.
First chance.
I've had to talk.
It's, uh...
Well...
Sort of funny up here.
I don't think we'll make the moon.
I don't know where we'll get.
Maybe Venus, Mars...
Neptune...
Jupiter...
Pluto.
Lonely up here.
Forty degrees outside.
Seventy-two here.
I miss eating.
Doesn't seem right.
This way.
Can you hear me?
I have no way of knowing if you can hear me.
I'm not sure.

I'm not sure.
Tell, uh...
Tell anybody that...
I, uh...
I'd like to get back.
I'd like to...
I'd like to get back to Earth.
What I thought was my ignorance...
What I thought was my cause...

When I had reasoned to rise...
Something gone mad.
Can you hear me?
Can you hear me?
Can you hear me?
Can you hear me?
Can you hear me.
The Radio Place
Radio Place
Radio Place
Radio Place
