That's just like the incoming.
If you're cleaning up after the flood, you'll need to cause injury or even death.
If there's standing water in the building and it's not safe to use electricity, use electrical appliances.
Do not read and follow all label instructions carefully.
Don't provide fresh air by opening windows and doors.
Keep away from children.
You're a primitive.
You're an intellectual deficient.
And I could never understand it.
Maybe we're wrong.
Maybe we're stupid.
I've never been able to understand.
All right.
Ben Stein, everybody.
We'll look for his film.
Thank you.
How are we supposed to know about these kooko connections out there?
You're using Bob's brain, Steph.
In other words, smiling, friendly, cosmic damn Bob.
Reintroduce the show after each show.
Number two.
The subgenius hour of slack.
Join us now for the Bob hour.
A break.
videos.
The Bob I'd better I get some rest.
He's too slow.
He's too fast.
nicht, natürlich ist er nicht zu ich bin einела behind him.
Are we got in the studio tonight Bob Bob is famous from the rock and roll days in that right Bob
But I don't really know much. No, that's a really no. No Bob. No, where you from originally?
All right. How about you Bob? Where you from 69 and then?
Intermittently I was I was looking yes, probably more wacky than anybody ever thought I'm getting confused
Like I went from wixie to waxy to caca caca. So it's like Woodstock Bob
Why why would anybody want to do that?
That was kind of a shocking thing Bob and I when we got together climbed into a motorhome and
girls
partly drugs but partly money
Mostly free music. Absolutely wacky. How did he do?
How would how would how would you like to get high? We'll pay you cash to get high
We offer a 100% satisfaction guarantee and no cost to you
You can get high then you can get fast payment today call now one eight seven five hundred nine one oh seven call one seven
hundred eight
one seven seven hundred nine five nine one oh seven one eight hundred seven today
Zimbabwe's electoral body says this is
So, you know here we go again, I mean we've been down this road before
Hopefully the worst is behind us, but you never know some damage was reported in the healing process
a
hundred years ago cut off from the changing world outside
corn
men who logged off a dead lost in old ways
What do you want?
Porn and pork
Pawn and pork and pork and the grease to eat
Bones the people who built America
Mud state another kind of world
The books do not tell of how to rotate the earth in the sky
They do not know what to do with the earth



They do not know what to do about their own lack of slack
The children must learn
Slash
Good morning
Slash
Human rights
Rights risk becoming weak propositions from the lawyers child sex abuse scandal known as the responsibility to protect none
Slash
Slash
Good morning
Biggest polluter carbon emissions are still twice as bad
Exacerbate the earth's environmental problems driving cars eating and cooling our homes importing stuff and throwing money at sportsmen a blind alley
Slash
Good morning
encounter potential
Like
Video
мар Dies
How
50 cents to watch the fat man jump the fence.
He jumped so high he touched the sky.
He never came down until Fourth of July.
Aye, the Black Lodge singers, dear friends.
And welcome to our rough slack number 1,153.
153 and 53.
Yes, yes, yes.
Oh, and before we get going, I have this announced.
Well, this is something that the station told us to read.
I think they meant to read it on the air.
As follows.
Things have changed since 9-11.
You are the eyes and ears.
Of homeland security.
Report all non-standard callers.
In your case, report all callers.
You are also close to Canada,
haven to millions of Islamofascists waiting for the signal to attack the homeland.
Be aware of non-standard activity in your broadcast facility.
In your case, be aware of all activity.
Since your station operates in an unpatriotic region of the FM band,
you may be influenced.
You may be influenced by non-standard opinions.
Report these opinions.
Take care that your art, music, and commentaries are positive and uplifting.
If there are activities that need doing at your radio station, do them cheesefully.
Avoid activities that leave you feeling non-standard.
If you are not sure, ask yourself,
could I perform this activity while wearing a bright, shiny U.S. flag lapel pin?
If the answer is no, stop and report.
This activity.
You are the spleen of homeland security.
If we are vigilant and apprehensive at all times,
nothing can stop us from enjoying life to the fullest within reasonable boundaries.
Boundaries that must be guarded at all times to prevent waves of non-standard people from tearing down our homeland.
Loose thoughts sink ships.
Being scared shiftless of non-standard things is a crime.

cool way to act. All the sexy people are doing it. Try some fear today. You are the taste buds
of Homeland Security. Within 12 hours of gazing upon a portrait of Michael Chertoff, you'll be
ready to express your individuality to the best of your ability. Radio is a great medium to spread
the word about Homeland Security. Your listeners will thank you. Your cow orcas will thank you.
You will thank you. Remember, service guarantees citizenship. Close cover before striking.
To avoid danger of suffocation, keep away from babies and look out below.
Ah, yes, yes, yes. Unclaimed mysteries claimed that, we might say. And before that,
that song, Ask Your Mom for 50 Cents, was the...
Black Lodge singers. I understand they're bigger than Madonna in Iceland. And the collages. Well,
actually, one was by Reverend Maynard Brainard. And the rest was the great Fernanda Nanny Lemire's
work, interspersed with work by the great Norell Preff of norellpreff.com. And so much for that.
All right, so this is...
Somebody get that.
Homeland Security. Can I help you? Hello? Homeland Security.
I have a problem. Can you help me?
I'm afraid you have to speak a little bit more slowly, ma'am.
I'm really scared and I don't feel safe anymore. Is there anything you can do?
Are you sure you're not reading from the wrong piece of paper? You don't feel really sacred? Do you feel scared? Do you feel scared of your mother?




I'm scared and I don't feel safe.
Alright, what's your address?
What is the cause of your circumstance?
Any problems?
I live at 666 Boulevard Drive.
666 Boulevard Drive.
That's on the east side or the west side?
West side of Springfield.
West side of Springfield, Illinois, Missouri.
Hampton, Madison, Larkin.
Remember, service is
executional.
West Hampton.
It's really scary here all the time.
It's getting more scary
all the time.
Now, now, kids.
The kids make it
scary these days.
No planet for an old feller.
Kids keep on growing
funnier and funnier things out of the sides
of their bodies, you know.
Back when I was a boy, everybody had
one set of lungs, one set of hearts,
one set of brains.
Well, and if you grew something extra, you kept it
hidden. You didn't just dangle it
right out in front of everybody.
You had to know what you were doing
as you were walking through the dang
shopping mall.
That's right.
That's right.
You had to know the right circumstance to
expose them spare glands you got on you.
If you had like a colostomy bag, you didn't
like show it off.
You didn't get a transparent one that you could
hang outside your pants.
Oh, now they got them decorator ones.
Oh, yeah.
Now they got peace signs on the colostomy bags.
80-year-old kids.
Wicked designs and so forth.

These young kids.
They got no respect.
My grandson has a friend who has one of them designer
colostomy bags and he is a crude, rude young man.
We've tried to remove his nostril hairs because that
appears to be where he's getting them signals from.
That's where it started with me.
We got to cut them off.
I had mine removed.
The signals, it goes right into your sinuses and then it
tickles your forebrain as if it was your medulla oblongata.
The only thing that can erase those mind control nose hairs
is a bolt of lightning, you know?
And a good old Zippo lighter like we had back in the day
when we had days.
Remember when we had them?
Oh, I remember back when the sun used to, well, you could see the sun.
The sun probably still rises, but it's a moot point for us down here.
Yeah, at least where the sweat glands are thin.
I'm applying for a new one of them.
I don't need no more knees than I already got.
How many knees you got?
Well, I only have one, but real one.
Well, real one.
What?
A real knee.
Real knee.
Oh, a real knee.
I got money.
I got plenty of real knees.
I got lots of money, but they don't use that kind anymore.
Is that your plan, knees down there?
My knee's no good.
I got a bad, my knee's bad these days.
Yeah, mine got an exacerbated diaphragm.
I don't know if I could really use it for any water control devices.
Do they still do that nowadays?
Do they still torture down at Dobbs Town?
Well, they don't like to use so many words.
We like to call it selling.
Not torturing.
Yeah, they never did like to use too many words.
Now, speaking of words, we think that we have a new recording of our guru, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
An actual recording of Dobbs?
Yes, Mr. Sister.
I, Dr. Mr. Sister, found this particular one.
He actually found two clips, but we're going to save the second one for emergencies.
This one, if we listen closely, you'll hear...
Well, actually, I'm not sure this is necessarily the J.R. Bob Dobbs.
It may be a cousin or Bob...
It sounds like Bob.
Here, we'll just play it, friends.
Poke him.
Well, now, we gave most of our map collection to the library.
Mr. Dobbs, we've already been to the library.
We've checked every possible source.
You're our last resort.
Too bad, too bad.
We don't have many documents.
We don't have room for them.
We put up a bond issue, Proposition 14A, specifically asking for a document room.
Oh, here.
Here we are.
Is this all you have?
I'm sorry.
Just not a speck of room.
Mr. Dobbs, this is very important.
Have you ever heard of an underground library?
An underground river or an ancient waterway that runs through the valley that would empty into a deep pool?
Dear, dear, let me think.
I can't think of a thing.
But every once in a while, somebody dies and leaves us a whole lot of documents for our room.
The one we didn't get, you understand.
Proposition 14A was defeated.
Well, if you should hear of anything, why, you can get me at the air base.
Air base?
Yeah, El Centro.
Oh, sure, sure.
I always cooperate with the authorities.
You'll find that I'm a very cooperative person.
Oh, thank you, Mr. Dobbs.
Just call on me anytime, night or day.
Calcium.
Calcium.
Calcium.
Calcium.
Yes, calcium.
And now there's calcium.
Serve your children calcium.
Kids love calcium, hot or cold.
Do you want to truly change your life?
In just ten short weeks, you can acquire a good paying career, job security, and lots of opportunities for advancement.
And let's go to Bob's.
Good morning.
Good morning, Ray.
Ben Laden can hide pretty good.
Well, apparently.
I mean, it's absolutely ridiculous.
The education crisis of the first degree.
When I was a child, I don't know history, don't know geography, don't know anything except, I guess, how to get high.
But we were aware of the grammatical and usage error.
And the, and, and, I mean, I don't really know that much.
I'm a lot older.
All right.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
And I said, all right.
Programs that connect you to the world.
And, dear friends, this is the program that connects you to the other world.
Sure didn't sound like Bob to me there, Stangy boy.
What?
It sounded like a cheap imitation of that phony Brit accent.
Of course we have a document room filled with elaborate documents and Proposition 14a.
Well, it's true that we thought.
We always thought Dobbs was from the Midwest.
We always thought he was from the moon too, dude.
Oh, well, of course Midwest.
Of course.
Yeah, well, Bob's your uncle, you know, and he's Brit, all right?
Bob's your uncle.
There you go.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob's your uncle.
Bob.
Betty Boop is your Aunt Betty Boop.
Bob.
Plosive Bobbo is your chimpanzee uncle.
Bob.
Bebe is your favorite kind of dressing machine.
And Inspector Clus.
Mama, Mama, is your aunt Betty Boop?







Who's your grandma?
Inspector Clus would call him Bib.
Bib.
Bib.
Bib.
Bib.
Bib.
Bib.
Bib.
Bib.

Bib.
Bib.
Bib.



Who is the guy whose eye used to whistle?
Like he would say Bob, you know, and his eye, there would be like a whistling sound coming
out of his eyeball.
That was me.
That was you?
Yo, man, that is so like whack and so forth.
You know.
Like would you have an eye whistle when you?
I can blow smoke out that hole in my eye too.
That's what you were blowing, man.
I thought you were blowing something.
Yeah, that's real.
But Ferp is not logical.
It's frozen.
It's hard to imagine.
I'm sorry.
Goodbye.
It's not pretty.
My ancestors, it was, I think, 19...
Not pretty at all.
Not at all.
It's the year that they discovered the proscriptions.
Or the year that the Immaculate Doge was 19...
Oh, when was I demaculated?
Almost everybody pretty much agrees that we don't know what year it is.
Not really.
Right now?
Right now.
We don't know when now is.
And we don't know where here is, if you think about it.
Dave, now think if you had a time machine.
Yeah.
And you decided to go ahead in time just a modest amount, say five seconds.
Five seconds.
Or ahead in time, five seconds in the future.
Five in the future.
Or five seconds in the past.
Yeah.
Now your time machine...
Your time machine would have to calculate where you had moved in relation to the rest of the universe.
Five seconds.
Because if you think about it...
You're moving in what time?
You're standing on this, in this space that you may think is latitude 36 by 33, 36.
But...
Parametrically.
In fact, the planet you're on is moving through space rather fast, revolving, spinning around the sun.
And rotating.
And the sun is whipping through space.
And the sun is spinning around the sun.
And the sun is spinning around the sun.
It's 18 godzillion millifeet per half second.
And so your time machine, if you're going to say, okay, I'm going to travel five seconds into the past and see myself five seconds ago.
So I can say this.
So I can say this.
So I can say this.
You would end up in out of space.
Or possibly the center of the earth.
But most likely the earth would just pass you right out from underneath you when you came back five seconds later.
The earth and the sun would be a hundred miles away.
As it always has been.
You don't understand.
As light years measure space.
You lost me on the last part.
You were telling me that there could be no singular moment where I would eat my own grandpappy.
But I'm telling you right now as seriously as I possibly can that moments are liquid.
Therefore, if I were to go five minutes into the future, or five minutes into the past year, I would have to urinate.
And so would you.
You'd be drowning in time itself.
Swelling up with time and having to spew it out.
Like a vast boat consumed by its own organic material.
So the followers of Bob lift themselves skyward with these tiny little pills and obtruse objects.
For you are neither cold nor hot and I spew thee out of my mouth for thou art but lukewarm.
That was from Luke Warm 317.
Luke Warm traveled through the Middle East.
A man with a pair of sandals and a vision.
Worn sandals.
The Romans obtrused him.
The Judeans produced him.
And yet at the same time as he walked through the Assyrian village, the pipe followed before him.
No, he proceeded.
And it was obtrusal.
It was obtrusal.
That's right.
His head was screwed on backwards.
Old woman, he said.
Medicine woman.
Can you point me the way to Brushwood and Dobstown?
No, no, you're looking backwards.
It's that way.
It's behind you.
It's in front of you.
It's all behind you.
It's in front of your eyes.
And so we wandered on to the village of Tarsus.
With his head pointed back towards his ass.
And his thoughts deep, dark and gloomy.
What is the meaning of all this?
I have traveled so far yet I have learned so little.
The toes on my shoes are stinky and weak.
And I can barely...
I have no more food for I am hungry.
I must lay down and take my rest.
Is that you, friend?
Are you sleeping on the road to Tarsus?
When you should be heading for Dobstown or at least X-Day, Brushwood, someday?
As long as they know that happiness is the journey and not X-Day itself.
Well, that's what they always say.
They always tell you.
But in fact, the real happiness comes at that moment when your dollars are lifted from you.
And you are unburdened of them.
And lay them down upon Bob.
Yes, go ahead and shower your burdens of dollars upon Bob.
And be ready when those men from Planet X come.
When the parkway...
You don't want to be weighted down.
You don't want to be too heavy with needs.
You want to be ready for the physical world.
They won't be able to beam you up if you're loaded down with too much materialism.
Material goods.
Friends, I think you know how to part with those material goods.
And that's to donate to this wonderful station you're listening to now.
I could probably suggest other things, but I don't think that that's proper right nor meet on these public supported airwaves.
However, that said...
I can't announce the bands that will be playing at X Day.
There's a bunch of them.
And there's some more that want to get on there, even.
Was there?
Were?
More?
There is.
Now, would Lunsson, Booger Dave, and the Cowboys be there?
I'd be there, but Charlie wants to get his band on there somehow, too.
Oh, really?
Has Charlie been talking about that?
What are they called, the Half Rabbits?
The Short Rabbits.
Oh, right.
Right.
I was close.
They play them on there.
The Dehigh Rabbits.
They're a punk band.
They're one of them punk bands.
Aren't they?
Yeah, one of them there punk bands.
Yeah.
Well, the Amino Acids will be there.
Of course, the Amino Acids are in every living thing.
Yes, they are.
But the band, the Amino Acids will be there.
Fat Free, which is not entirely, but they like to say that, they'll be there.
I think they're from Brookline in New York.
They're friends of Priestess Pisces.
Then they were at the Baltimore Show, and they did a really scatological, unusual,
verbal...
And musical show.
That'll fill the mouth, people.
Reverend Phil's band, Mike Bison, will be there.
And something called Calvin Ball.
Now, I'm taking Senator Speck's word for it, that these bands are worthy of the subgeniuses.
And the Bersificators from Ann Arbor.
And some country band.
And the Short Rabbits, apparently.
And the Short...
The Short Hairs.
The Lonesome Cowboy...
On the pate of Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
And Dr. Howell will be there.
Hopefully, Dr. Swinburden will accompany Dr. Howell.
I should mention to you, Dave, I wanted to not tell you this, but now my conscience is
getting the best of me.
People have been saying nice things about your radio performances on Alt Slack, the
subgenius news group.
They've actually gotten fan commentary.
And I don't like it, because one of them said,
Well, Stang, you're sort of funny, but really, the best is with Lonesome Cowboy Dave and Dr. Howell.
So, can you play more of Lonesome Cowboy Dave and Dr. Howell together?
So you can see why I didn't want to tell you that.
Listen, you tell me who this person is, and Dr. Howell and I will pay him a visit and be his foot in.
It was Reverend Eggplant.
All right, then we won't do it, because we're both afraid of him.
However, we will try to convince him in another way.
Everybody who's seen Reverend Eggplant would be afraid to lay a hand.
That's true.
At least not, you know, their own real hand.
You can use one of the designer artificial hands.
You can use them for practically anything.
But as a prosthetic device, they're one in a million.
And I think offering them here right now is probably the best thing we can do.
Don't you?
Yes, I do.
Yes.
And tonight with us, we have the lovely Mr. and Mrs. Arch Pinkle, who's discovered a new way of disengorging him and both
herself from this universe.

This universe that we seem to be stranded in.
What's up with that, Mrs. and Mr. Arch?
I really...
Yes, my friends, you can leave this universe.
You're not stranded here in the strings of space.
Nay, nay, nay.
You can float like smoke lifting up off the bowl of this pipe earth.
You can escape this mud plane.
What are you?
You can find a way.
You can find a way free of gravity's chains and rise up in flight, man, like a balloon.
By emptying your head and replacing it with gases lighter than air.
What's better than a big juicy steak?
Nothing.
Nothing's better than a big juicy steak.
They take your rubber boots and walk around like a sky wolf.
But a raw...
But a stale crust of bread is better than nothing, ain't it?
Let them eat potato chips.
Let them enjoy what's in their stomach.
Therefore, a stale crust of bread is better than a big juicy steak.
Oh, that's right mate, I haven't eaten in three days.
I was wondering if you could...
Little sister taught me that trick.
Okay, friends, we have to go now to a public service announcement on us.
We really do.
This is...
But, but, but, but, a crust in hand is better than nothing.







Better than two steaks in the bush.
That's a good public service announcement.
That's the kind we need nowadays, Fronky.
I mean, Dr. Stevedore, we need more hands in the bush and more snakes and so forth.
Absolutely, absolutely.
I mean, think about it.
I was in one of the many wonderful wars we have periodically and I lost both my stomps in this...
Oh, I read about that.
...last, last, last war we have in the other one.
And I noticed that I had a lot of my comrades and fellow Tovarists with us.
Here's a health tip to protect you and your family from West Nile virus.
Mosquitoes carry the virus, but you can tell mosquitoes to wear long pants when possible.
Brought to you by the Wisconsin Department of Huzzah.
This is a downlay, downlay, downlay, downlay, slash.
Enough is enough is enough.
Gross negligence, high-level plots and elaborate cover-ups, but dangerous too.
Anarchy of absolute justice is possible.
Vanity of vanities, all is vanity.
Life's futile.
But where does...
...revenge figure in the calculation?
Criminal vengeance.
Billions of dollars.
Two hundred billion dollars.
Two hundred billion dollars.
Two hundred billion dollars.
Billions.
Our main goal was merely retaliation for the 9-11 attack.
The Iraq war.
It was not nice.
Dumbest guy on the face of the planet.
I'm...
I'm...
I'm...
I'm...
I'm...
I'm safer.
Losing tens of billions of dollars.
Dot-Dots bought seven and a half billion dollars.
Thirty billion dollars.
Two hundred billion dollars.
Two hundred billion dollars.
Two hundred billion dollars.
Billions.
Was there any thinking?
Any thinking?
Crack, crack, crack, crack?
Caused more harm, and that's why we wrote them down.
You got screwed.
I guess you've seen...
Oh, that's me, incidentally.
I'm a dope addict.
Alcoholic.
The boys want me maybe to be a good idea.
They should be glad.
I decided to tell these boys about enjoyable.
A dull, fun type that first time transformed man back into an animal.
The boys could go on drinking, only half conscious, hardly able to stagger, hard to breathe, and
that's fortunate.
And brother, you're no fun anymore without a drink.







And the boys had a bottle of liquor.
We serve liquor to minors.
The effect is a lot more violent.
How do I know?
Because Americans in one year spend two billion dollars more for liquor than for all education.
And that's why every boy and girl should be glad that alcohol is dynamite.
Wait a minute, sir.
And now a report every smoker should hear.
Good.
Yeah, good.
A group of people from various walks of life was organized to smoke the sinuses.
Regular or king size.
As well as the nose, ears, and throat.
It is my opinion that the ears, nose, throat were not examined by me.
Yeah, well, you know better than I do.
Not by smoking the cigarettes provided.
Oh, you mean they're gonna have a drunken brawl?
The kids here smoking marijuana?
Taking heroin and stuff like that?
What?
You know kids here smoking heroin?
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
I want help.
Tell them about the dope and the fumes.
Yeah.
If we could just use your phone, sir.
Just as long as you don't have to nail anything in the wall.
Okay.
Okay.
Oh.
2838, please.
Possession and sale of a minor.
Hi, this is Governor Jim Douglas.
Children who eat right and exercise regularly suffer from chronic disease as adults.
Urge your family to eat more children.
Their future depends on it.
That's right, kids.
I mean, parents.
Thank you.
Thank you.


















I mean, we've lost in a dismal abyss.
It was called Lost?
No, it's that TV show called Lost.
You know, Princess Wee and I are television slobs.
We don't partake of the uncut tube.
We're not up to speed with the commercials, man.
Yeah.
And like if someone were to say, man, did you see us see Mpzzyxy last night, dude, when
her heart was broken?
Then we don't know.
We can't answer that.
But we find our media in a ditch.
We have this big ditch near our home where we go and we find old movies, new movies, all kinds of stuff.
It's a nice ditch.
Although Mr. Sister read in the newspaper, the local newspaper, that a crazy naked man was yanked out of the ditch by the police.
There was a naked man?
Near the Slacker Mansion.
In the media ditch?
Over in Cleveland Bluffs.
Oh, wow.
There's a big media ditch between the Slacker Mansion and Cut Them All Off Mall.
Yeah.
And in this ditch, not only are there all these old DVDs and videotapes of movies, but apparently there was a crazy naked man living among those things.
And the police came and took him away.
And that made the news.
His living there didn't make the news.
But when they found him and took him away so that there was no longer a naked man living in the ditch, that was the news.
Now it's too late.
Yeah.
The naked man's gone.
That's it.
And they probably scraped out all those old movies that were left.
And all his fetid detritus they probably scraped and resold.
Just think of it, man.
I mean, I won't.
I wanted to be a naked man in a media ditch.
And look at what happened to me.
Look what happened to you.
Look what happened to we.
We're all naked people in a media ditch.
And, yeah.
We were taken away forcefully.
Look at the ditch we're in.
College radio.
End of the ditch.
Independent indie radio.
Surrounded by...
Podcasts.
Podcasting.
Surrounded by private security police with their own strange implements we can't understand but we know hurt sometimes.
Right.
And with being subtitled all the time.
Constantly.
By death.
But the people who are writing our subtitles are themselves deaf.
Completely surrounded and subtitled.
It's just a terrible...
And when I look down, I can't read them.
I can't tell what I'm saying because they're backwards from my point of view.
That's true.
They're most of them are dyslexic.
They're running down...
Yeah.
They're running...
They're running the wrong way.
They're going right to left instead of left to right.
And they're...
Yeah.
There's no respect in this ditch.
So I don't know what I'm saying.
And you can look down in this ditch.
And you can look at us.
You're sure you can tell what we're saying.
But think of us.
Think of us.
We can't tell.
We don't know.
We have to listen back to the tape later to know what the hell we're saying here.
Sometimes it's...
You think we know?
You think we know what's going on?
Oh, I'd feel so sorry for you if you thought that.
Oh, it's okay, man.
Take it easy.
If you thought that we were somebody to follow or listen to.
If you thought you were going to crawl down in the ditch with us and have a big load of fun.
Then you've got another leg coming because it's just no fun at all.
Sometimes it's a naked truth and sometimes it's a big old lie.
That's right.
Sometimes it's a naked man and sometimes it's a big bulldog that's foaming in the mouth and hates everybody.
Naked or bald face is still shiny and it burns in the sun.
Somebody...
They called us babies.
And we were a bunch of cry babies.
They poked us with dandruff.
They put marshmallows on us and tried to cook us.
Is anybody going to give us some slack?
We're going to get some slack.
We're giving it out.
Slack.
We're getting...
It's been a while since I've had a whiff of slack.
I do feel better though on Mother's Day.
Getting that all out of me.
Back in here wherever it belongs.
Yeah.
Me too.
It was hard this season.
With the surface missiles and everything and the new diseases.
I don't know.
I almost cracked like a little clay pot.
Almost.
Well, if I would have gone any further with the idea, I probably would have been teleported and deported at the same time.
And you know I don't like it back out there again.
It's even worse than living here with no slack.
Oh, they're there.
It's okay.
It's going to be all right.
Here, here.
It's okay.
Now, now.
It's okay.
Okay.
I feel...
You're going to be all right.
You're going to be okay.
Am I still oblong or am I like a different geometric shape?
You're sort of obtuse, but it's okay.
It really is.
It could be worse.
I'm not a different geometric shape.
It could be much, much worse.
You're not much abstruse.
And that's the only thing...
That's what makes me feel better is thinking about where it's worse.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
In fact, let's just go to the news.
That's worse than anything.
Really, things are bad now?
Let's listen up.
If you're cleaning up after the flood, you'll need to cause injury.
No, we already did that one.
Man, how many damn floods?
Excuse my French.
We have had a lot of flooding.
The mattress...
The basement was completely electrocuted.
And the roof fell in.
This is the most anti-dolophian show I've ever heard.
That means it's before or after the flood.
After, after, I believe.
Yes.
I thought it was like they were against it or something.
You know, they were somehow beyond reproach and living with the snakes.
From PR News in Washington, I'm yet to be confirmed by the National Weather Service.
President Bush suffered a net loss of 20,000 percent.
His widow says her husband was 5 percent.
46,000 percent in the first three months of the year.
Earlier this week, 61,000 follows 80,000.
Teetering on the edge of PR News in Washington.
On Wall Street, 272465.
President Bush spent this day promoting seven deaths and a dozen injuries.
Local media report the other victims were members of PR News in Washington.
A key to good health is eating fat.
So, dash to the fat products.
Dash to the saturated fat, trans fat, cholesterol, sodium, and added sugars.
Dash to foods that help high blood pressure.
This message brought to you by the National Institutes of Fat Products and the U.S. Department of Human Sugars.
Fire ants are lovable.
People want fire ant plush toys.
Cuddly, do little tricks.
They bite you and leave red stinging welts that make you want to cry.
That's why you have to die.
And you have to die right now.
You want death.
A quick, excruciating kind of death.
No, my friend.
What you want is and you're done.
And this is the really good part.
Everybody dies.
And that's good.
Because killing shouldn't be a full-time job.
Even if it is pretty fun.
For best results, always follow label instructions.
We all have an incredible impact on the lives of Vermont's children.
We can help substance abuse among Vermont's young people by taking drugs, including tobacco and alcohol.
Kids need to begin by listening to someone they trust.
And remember to lead by example.
We must show our children that we care about drugs more than anything else.
Together, we can take drugs.
One child at a time.
I was here.
Shut up.
Just stand up and question.
Can't possibly touch.
Religion.
I mean, it's just fantasy, basically.
Think.
We cannot treat intelligent design as a scientific theory.
Stop me.

Stop me. Stop me. Stop me.
That's it. Your career is over.
Shut your mouth.
Shut up.
Shut your mouth.
I don't need any nut like you to call me and tell me what to say.
Shut your mouth.
Well, well, wait, wait, wait a minute.
Hang on. I've got to play some spots.
It could be because of impurities in your system.
America's steep descent.
The national debt.
The plunging dollar.
The mortgage and bank crisis and so on.
Incompetence.
Incompetence.
View a world class art collection.
Shut your mouth.
Shut up.
An opportunity to expand on the exposition that he was referring to.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.

Oh.
Oh.

Oh.

Oh.
Oh.


Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.

And I think that the fact that you're hearing these words is indicative of your status as
one of the higher order beings on this benighted planet.
Once you've be moderation has everywhere.
May the seed mutant accelerate you on your way toward your own Superior Mutant Destiny.
No longer can you doubt what you have known for a long time, perhaps your entire life,
that you did not fit in.
You felt like a black sheep or a square, peg in a round hole, the activities and interests
of those who would be your peers
struck you as pointless or downright bizarre.
The pablum of contemporary culture offers you no nutrition,
and the pre-digested alternative scene
offers naught but psychic scurvy.
Feeling a bit queer?
Has the man been getting you down?
There's no need to belabor the point with further description.
Either you know what it's like to feel like the outsider,
or you don't.
And if you do not put this show down right now,
it will make no sense to you,
and perhaps even make you physically ill.
There are many better things for you to do with your time,
such as go to the mall and watch television.
And do it now!
Go to the mall with your dob's head in your pants,
and, uh, ha ha, man, this is the greatest I've ever felt.
I can't believe I've...
I've never accepted Bob as my own personal part-time immediate...
Is that a dob's head in your pants, dude?
Yeah, man, check it out.
How do you get that? I want one of those.
You want one, you want two, man.
You want as many as you can get.
I want to cram as many dob's heads down the front of my britches as I can get, man.
I want to be cool.
You know how much I paid for these dudes?
$14.95 at the erstwhile store, man.
All you gotta do is walk in there and make some confused noises
and some abstruse comments that just, like...
Yeah!
Is that all, man?
We can pick up some chicks.
We can sling those dob's heads all over the place.
We can have a party.
It costs a little bit of money anyway.
We'll invite all the chicks over to our special subgenius Bob party.
Dob's heads everywhere!
Everybody knows Bob is cool.
I've never seen so many dob's heads in my whole life.
Oh, there's the buffet.
You know what I've been waiting for all night?
Look at all that chopped chicken liver
and all those tiny little children's fingers floating in the...
Hey, chicken!
Hey, waiters!
Oh, I love those.
Hey, waiters.
Can you hook me up with some of that champagne?
Yeah, just bring me the whole bottle.
Yeah, I'll be sitting over here next to Bob.
Wow, he gets to sit next to Bob.
And that naked man.
Everybody gets to sit next to Bob for five minutes.
A couple seconds, man.
You get a picture taken.
Bob, Dave, and that naked guy.
That's a $2.50.
Anything for a laugh, Tria.
$4.50 for a pose thing.
Talk about the good, but that and the evil.
Mm-hmm.
Let's have some.



So much slack.
The evil guy's got all the slack they want.
I wish I could be like Bob.
I wish I was evil, man.
I wish I was slack.
I had all the slack I needed.
I wish I was Bob and evil and slack.
Bob's good baddies.
I wish I was ditch, man.
I wish these dobs had to get out of my pants, though.
I could just get all his clothes off
and get back into the media ditch where I belong, man.
Yeah, I just want to put my clothes off
and get in that ditch with Bob.
I can't communicate.
Encode, decode, bare naked, man.
That's sloppy.
Hey, Bob.
Hey, Bob.
Hey, Bob.
Hey, Bob.
Hey, Bob.
Hey, Bob.

It's garbage.
It's garbage in my mind.
These dobs heads are bouncy.
It's garbage, man.
I got to end it.
Well, I...
How do you do that?
I end part of it.
That's what I'll do.
I'll end the first part and then...
I'll end it.
I'll change the end.
I'll...
I can't change what you're underwritten.
I suppose...
Who is Bob Dobbs?
Who is the man who has inspired so much mystery
throughout this land over the last 49 years?
Is he a real man at all?
Or is he a figment of the imagination of deluded minions?
We'll ask these questions and many more
if we can unclog our plates.
Thank you, and it's been a real freaking pleasure.
Thank you.
Were these pyramids built by the slaves for the Pharaoh Bob?
Or was it aliens from out of space?
Man, he spouted that and then he was out of here like a...
Like a butthane hellion.
A butthane hellion, yes?
Yeah, yeah.
Ah, now there's a phrase to dribble over the lips and tongue.
Excuse me.
A butthane hellion.
Yes.
So few are butthane anymore.
Yes, I thought that was appropriate.
Excuse me, River on Stang, your butthane hellion is waiting for you
next to the camel jar.
Camel jar?
Don't you say?
Well, three of them.
Just step over each one and make a wish.
Okay.
For numero uno, I chose Bob as my own personal savior, avatar, and slackmeister.
For number two, I chose all of the delicious young ladies in the world
that I would never really, really see or meet.
But somehow in my mind, I would be having orgastic sexes with them
and would know at every moment that I would be the one to marry them.
I was the coolest dude who ever lived, if you call this living.
Number three, I was going to be transported into an alien world
and become the king.
That's right.
I'd conquer and crucify and escape from Cape Velvet.
I forgot the other things I had written down, but that was a long time ago.
It doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter whether you remember those things or who you are
because you have Bob in your life.
Don't you?
I have Bob.
Don't you?
If you don't, you can always learn more about Bob
at, got your pencil ready?
Subgenius.com.
That's all you need to know.
Subgenius.com.
Sub as in submarine and genius as in not what we are.
We are...
We are the subgeni.
And the subgeni who did the music that you heard,
just a little, the bubbling chorus of Bobbies going ba-ba-bob in the background
was from our friend Mickey Mephistopheles.
Yes, Mickey Mephistopheles,
who we see at Starwood almost every year with his forked tail
and his forked hooves and his forked horns.
He's that red guy, right?
He's the red guy with the slick red suit.
Mickey Mephistopheles.
Before that, some music by the Psychoskeletons,
a little song called Letter K Audio,
and the classical sounding banging noise
behind Princess Wee's reading of Superior Mutants by Dr. Onan Canobite.
That music was by Reverend Just M.
John, who is available at just-john.com.
And there is an O in John and com and dot,
but not in subgenius.com.
And this background music actually is from Kenneth Anger's movie Lucifer Rising,
done by...
It was recorded in a prison, by the way,
by some of the people who worked for Charles Manson
and helped murder others for Charles Manson.
So this is some excellent music by murderers.
Isn't that lovely?
You know, you could get in trouble with the family for playing this stuff, man.
The family?
Yeah, you could get in trouble with the family for playing this stuff.
I could probably get in trouble with Kenneth Anger for playing it, too.
You think so?
Well, I asked him, and he said,
I shouldn't.
But I did anyway.
Because you'll come looking for him first.
Then they'll come looking for you.
And they'll take their time.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
Actually, I think they know where we are.
I think they already found us.
Oh, yeah, sure.
I think they're just sitting back and watching.
Yeah, they know what everything's going on.
They're waiting.
They're just waiting to see what we're going to do next.
Next move, this move.
They got it all planned out.
It's like a syntactic, a strategic, what do they call it?
A parametric ovary.
One of them things they put up, but they can't put it down.
You know, they know what's going to happen next.
Everything is perfectly, perfectly planned out.
Every little move you make, every thought in your head is mapped out by the conspiracy in advance.
Down to the last detail.
Yep.
You think you have free will?
You think you put that old relish and mustard on your hot dog because it's a habit.
No, you're being forced to do it.
You know you want ketchup and onions.
You're being forced.
Why do you think we're saying this?
Do you think we want to?
We don't have any control.
We have absolutely no idea of what we're saying half the time.
I can't wait to get home and play this back so I know.
It's a forced movement.
An ouvre de peine.
What do they call it?
Ouvre du...
Oh, man.
I don't know what you're thinking about, but it makes me want to go to the bathroom.
Yeah, a man ouvre.
If I don't get a go, I'll find a pretty soon room to be in trouble.
Well, do you want to use the liquid dolly?
Or maybe the porta potty?
No.
Do you want me to call head nurse?
Or disemboweled body nurse?
No, I want to cut to a public service message.
Do you think I ought to call the public service people before we use their messages?
Or should we just...
No, because we shouldn't because they'd probably be mad at us for doing this here.
Well, they've already threatened us to...
Whenever my doctor wants to prescribe a medication for me, I ask if a drug is available.
Ask your doctor if there is a drug available.
You'll feel better knowing that you're getting the drugs you need at the same time.
This has been a public service message from the Vermont Peopler's Community,
the Vermont Department of Health and Injury Transition Assistance Center,
and Drugs for Vermonters.
Told you.
Now, this next little thing I have on tape here, Dave, this is a recording of a Neanderthal voice.
Of Bob?
It's very short. No, a Neanderthal...
Actually, it's probably a bunch of hogwash, hooey, and bunkum.
But some scientifical guy took Neanderthal fossils, or Neanderthal, pardon me.
I see where you're starting.
No, Neanderthal fossils.
And he figured out what their vocal cords might be, might be like.
And their resonant chest speaker size.
Right, right. And so he made this little sound that, from his computerized Neanderthal sound,
a replicator, that was just this one little eh noise.
But if it sounds like Bob's, Danny, you know I'm going to strangle you.
But listen to this. I extended it and made it sound more like the Neanderthal was singing.
Here, we'll listen to him.
Now, that doesn't sound very caveman-like, does it?
No, it's like a duck or something.
It's like a big cricket.
Yeah, or a duck, like we say.
Did the Neanderthal rub two sides of his throat together to make that noise?
Well, they're saying they're smaller. The average Neanderthal was about 3'8", I think.
But they were heavier and bigger.
About 2'8", 300 pounds.
Yeah.
And a very high forehead, low arches.
They had kind of a balding head and a broad, flat nose.
And a graying, over-the-top,
over-hanging brow.
Sort of like, in fact, Princess, we look at Dave.
Now, doesn't that look a lot like that diagram of the Neanderthal's skull?
You know, now that you mention it, he actually does have a striking resemblance.
He has that Neanderthalic look.
Indeed, he does.
But I'm twice the size of an average Neanderthal and twice the lip size.
Actually, you may be only half as intelligent.
But I might be twice as erstwhile.
It's conceivable.
Well, you're in the ditch and he ain't.
Well.
So that's his problem now, ain't it?
Mm-hmm.
You're either in the ditch or you're out of the ditch.
I want to be.
Henheasy said.
I want to be out of the ditch.
Should I?
No.
Okay.
No, you don't know.
That's uncool.
You want to be cool in the ditch with the naked guy and Bob.
I want to be a naked man in the media ditch.
I want to be a naked man in the media ditch.
I can wear a naked man in the media ditch.
Well, this is the music that Princess Wee and I decided sounded like blindfolded clowns.
Yeah.
Neanderthal clowns.
Or crybaby apocalypse music like, yeah, yeah, yeah, we're going to die.
I don't care.
You know.
Confused.
This is also Reverend Just John from just-john.com.
You don't spell out the dash.
What happened to Reverend Just Edith?
Just Edith?
Yeah.
He ran off with Reverend Cody Pendant.
Reverend Pendant and Reverend Edith ran off.
Jess and Cody.
Did they consummate the marriage with any sort of alacrity?
Don't ask me, man.
I don't like to hear about things like that.
No, don't tell.
No odors involved, you know?
No odor.
Don't know-tor.
Didn't know nothing about it.
You're expecting your memory to smell like the smell of the
river.










You're expecting the smell of your ancestors.
You're expecting to remember the smells of your ancestors.
Oh, man, that's hilarious.
You're expecting to remember the smells of your ancestors.
Oh, man, that's hilarious.
You like that creepy Neanderthal sound, don't you?
Well, I can only think of great numbers, vast numbers of Neanderthals pushing their way
towards the Straits of Gibraltar, eager to grow olives and lemons, like little lemmings
going all the way off to the cliffs, getting off the chalkboards, learning geometry and
psycho-dysfunctive knowledge, the arts of the ancients, learning how to poop where the
sun don't shine, singing, architecture, dancing with wolves, or with just any small animal
that's available.
I used to want to be one of them.
I used to want to be among them.
And now I am them.
I'm them.
And they are me.
And you are up Shift Creek.
And you're absolved.
Without a shift stick.
Okay, get out of here.
You're absolved.
You've been absolved.
Yeah, you're absolved.
You're crying.
Pathetic.
Pathetic.
But we've all been sticking around here all this time.
Don't, not yet.
I'm not.



You are not.
End is near.
End is near.
Keep whispering.
All this time.
Something spooky's coming around the corner next.
Might not be Bob.
Might be Rob.
Or Bad Job.
That's something sinister.
Very sinister.
I don't know what it is but it certainly smells like blood.



smells wicked.
I'm scared.
I think part of my brain
needs to be reshaped.
I know it's the wrong shape.
I can feel it.
It's gonna be okay.
It's gonna be okay, really.
Sure.
Bob promises to all of us
that it will be okay.
I'm okay.
You're okay.
I don't care?
You don't care.
Mrs. Alacrity,
do you know the blindfold you're wearing
is meant for those about to be executed?
It's not a toy to play with.
Give it to me.
Nothing's fair.
No, it's not fair,
but for the same token,
if one of the little children in the audience
were to see you put on the executing,
these blindfold mask,
it automatically assumed
that you wanted to be,
to be shot.
And, of course,
they'd form a large line
and the Alacrutioners
would not be able to protect you anymore.
Does that seem clear enough as mud?
Yes, it does.
Unfortunately, it does.
Could you please repeat the last part?
Um, actually, I can't
because I have a problem in that way,
but, um, I did hear you clearly.
Would you like to
go over to the hospital?
Over by the bushes
and talk to the elf people?
Just for a...
No.
Oh, God.
Come on.
My husband doesn't like me
to do things like that.
I didn't know you were married.
I thought you were just buried.
Oh, no, I'm very happily married.
So you're completely and totally dead
and yet married at the same time.
Well, of course.
Isn't everyone who's dead married?
No, I'm dead and I'm not married.
I was hoping for an evening of fun
with the elf people.
Well, you're going to have to find another.
Another?
Another what?
Another show next week, friends.
Another religion.
Not necessarily this one.
Oh, well, no, it probably will be this one.
Who knows?
I don't...
We don't care.
We're inventing a new religion
every minute
and the new religion's
right around the corner.
Eat.
Take your chewables.
And...
Eat.
Drink your chewables.
With Bob.
Prices and participation may vary.
Prices and participation may vary.
With me is a very nice person.
Oh, Bob.
Hi, Bob.
And guess what we have
in our labs, Frank.
Frank.
Bob again.
Bob again.
Flexibility.
Uh, Bob.
Uh, Bob.
Great work, old buddy.
Like, he's like,
he's like, you know,
I mean, you know,
it's like, it's like we're like...
You're like...
Yeah, yeah.
Well, you know.
You know.
I mean, he's a...
Yeah.
He's like,
like, he's dead, man.
They're like, like...
Man.
Man.
Get him.
Get him.
Oh, oh.
You know, I mean, she's prob...
You know, you know.
You know.
You know.
Oh, man.
That's hilarious.
Oh.
That's hilarious.
If you're trying to lose weight,
Dr. Chesley says
you should ask yourself
some simple questions.
Wouldn't it help me
to eat more dessert?
Dr. Chesley also says
to count on diet pills
to help you lose weight.
People who rely on diet pills alone
lose the most.
For more information
about losing weight,
you should ask yourself
some simple questions.
From PR News in Washington,
I'm urging Tigress
to do more...
to limit the overall economy
for the first time
since 1968.
However,
in Brussels,
tens of thousands
of new voters
are known dead
from civilian nuclear power.
On Wall Street this morning,
2-2-2-2-4-12-13-5.
President Bush today
called on Saturday's
deadly cyclone
because of its potential
to get the country
off its addiction
to PR News
in Washington.
