Oh my god!
My friend, can your heart stand the shocking facts about Bob?
If you've played this kind of action, you're the least to mind that action, Bob.
If you've played this kind of action,you're the least to mind that action, Bob.
You both look terrible in chains, Bob.

If you keep playing this газ мы meine Woah Use the chain gun
You will make a sunset

So, what are you doing, Bob?
You can still talk with me
She hasn't told me!
Hello there.
You know, there's been all around this wonderful world of ours,
and in all this world, nothing else is Bob.
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
I told her, lift a finger till your ox gets gored
And when beasts is in the cookie jar, we'll rank with snore
Doesn't take republicans to fuck you anymore
Oh God, what a big dick talk
Bob?
I want a real asshole hook for Albert Gore
Oh God, what a big dick talk for Albert Gore
I don't like that because it portrays women in a subordinate role
Oh God, what a big dick talk for Albert Gore
I don't like that because it glorifies drugs and mentions nasty things like
It's for a great life, it's for a great life
Oh God, oh God, what if the children hear?
Jane will be a communist and Ted will be a queer
Oh God, oh God, please help us if you can
Ali, North and FEMA can draw up the master plan
I thought this was a way out for our revenue
And I didn't know that darling Hickey was a woman
I felt that it was inappropriate for her and her eight-and-six-year-old sister
To hear a song describing a girl masturbating in a hotel lobby with a magazine
I had no warning, in fact all I knew was that Prince was the new creative teen idol on the scene
And had just received a Grammy award
This eben bit to blow my mind
Well then, of course, тем affects the director of the story


Did he know you were here in Mia

Better make me know you don't care
At least it'syd that��
Hold on,onia, you're right



You could marry me
See a world I was just lost for
Brand new
And I''m her mother
Let me tell you
crabs like ihrer
¶¶
¶¶

¶¶
¶¶
But you know what, friends?
What Father Joe Mama was saying about that one side
of the world,
the conspiracy, it makes you wonder.
It makes you wonder which side of the conspiracy
is running things. I started getting paranoid about
well, uh,
the Masons, let's say.
Let's just say.
For all I know, I'm really worried about the Illuminati.
You know, it started with that
America Online logo,
which is a triangle with a circle in the middle of it.
It looks just like
the
old eye in the pyramid, or the eye above the pyramid.
You know, and I mentioned that to my friend
Emot, and Emot said, oh, that's just the beginning of it.
Haven't you noticed those triangles and the eyeball shapes are just
everywhere, and in fact, they've even gotten quite obvious about
the names of these businesses. You guys ever notice
the red arches that form a big M
of the Sonic?
Hamburgers? Get it? Sonic?
M-Sonic? I think I'll have
M-Sonic Burger now.
Or, he goes, did you know that
Philip Morris cigarettes and General Foods
were both owned by this gigantic
conglomerate Kraft Foods?
Kraft?
The, as in
The Kraft?
Yes, friends.
And not to mention when they replaced
that Popeyes
place next door with
churches.
Arches. Fried chicken.
Uh-huh. But it doesn't stop there. If you look around, next time you drive
through town, friend, just keep your eyeballs open. You may see
things you didn't want to see. Buildings one after another that look
like, well, like the Temple of Solomon.
If it's not the arches, it's that Temple of Solomon shape that you
see etched onto Masonic aprons and symbols.
My old supermarket nearby here, Menards, he pointed
out, looks just like that. All of the Sam Walton stores.
Walmart, Sam's, Hypermart.
They're in the grand Masonic design, my friends.
Computer places.
Computer City, Discovery Zone.
The Best Buy stores. All subtle Masonic symbols.
Then go buy your local water pumping station.
The gas company.
The gas company in most small towns is in the same building
as a Masonic lodge, my friends.
The electric company.
They all, all of them, my friends, are part of one conspiracy or another.
You know, but what do they, you try to talk about things like this and
they call you, well, the polite term, conspiracy researchers or
conspiracy buffs or conspiracy nuts or conspiracy kooks or conspiracy
crackpots.
Yeah.
That's my friends.
Then those, those are the real polite terms for the folks who attempt merely to lift the
veils, peer under the rocks and pry into the business of the authorities, so-called.
What I want to know is friends, how come the conspiracy researchers get worse pressed than
some of the conspiracy perpetrators?
It must be a conspiracy.
You know, I can wax as sarcastic as the next guy about some conspiracy theories.
I like to think I'm skeptical to the bone, but I actually do believe a large percentage
of those conspiracy theories.
And worse still, I believe in the conspiracy, yes, the plot by ordinary, normal, everyday
people to label conspiracy researchers as loonies.
Or as a part of a conspiracy.
Now contrary to unpopular opinion, friends, it's still possible to use mass media to expose
mass media conspiracies, but you have to couch your expose carefully.
You have to make it look like a satire or a comic book or a radio show like this one,
which is pieced together from the dead parts of history books.
And of course, some conspiracy theories are just that.
They're just theories.
Improbable.
Paranoid.
Predicated on few facts.
Like the one about the masons creating the greys.
They've obviously got it backwards.
Others are founded on pure coincidence.
These I would consider kooky, wouldn't you?
And you know, one man's a paranoid lunatic is the next man's dedicated researcher.
And you know, the problem is the domino effect, though.
There's those things.
There's those who see conspiracies everywhere.
Literally everywhere.
The crazy old bircher lady who fears commies under her bed isn't just a stereotype.
Nor is the religious nut who sees Satanists everywhere.
Nor the UFO cultist who mistakes something that could be cured with Prozac for messages
from the Space Brothers.
But you know, there might be something to some of it.
And once you're fairly sure of one conspiracy theory, you can't just say, well, I'm not
all that good about it.
If you don't believe inبدs and conspiracy theories—
Listen, you know, over the course of most of your life, one conspiracy theory starts
to tie in to neighboring conspiracy theories.
And you can believe in a few, and then you start to sound like one of those nuts!
Unless you're selective about who you tell it to.
And that's one of the things that inclines you towards the conspiracy view of history.
It's the way the more trusting people around you respond to the very idea.
You know, try discussing the CIA's more heinous misdeeds in polite society.
People edge away.
They just can't allow themselves to believe that men whose portraits still hang in city halls and corporate headquarters
were in fact amoral monsters and eager collaborators with Nazis.
Because that would imply that that smiling, rosy-cheeked, glad-handing politician they just voted for might be involved in something worse.
Paranoia has a bad rep these days, but as the ancient saw goes, it's not paranoia if they really are out to get you.
And they are! People should be a lot more paranoid.
And a lot of so-called normalcy.
Normal people are.
Oh, they're in fact as paranoid as you can get.
They're just paranoid about the wrong things.
Since the FBI has no proof for organized satanic ritual murder cults,
the many little Christian fundamentalist conspiracies have invented them.
The same guy who can't believe the army could ever do anything evil and anti-American
may be convinced that the devil sends heavy metal bands out to corrupt our youth.
He's paranoid about marijuana, fiends, but he drives drunk.
He's paranoid about sex and violence on TV, but thinks everybody should have their own automatic weapon.
He's learned that the media is controlled by liberals because he listens to right-wing blather all day long on the radio.
Shut up, little man!
Nobody asked you to say anything.
Shut up, little man!
Shut up, little man!
Shut up, little man!
Shut up, little man!

Shut up, little man!



Hey, hey, we're so wild!
All your farmer's daughters gonna repunch your soul.
Hey, hey, we're so wild!
Dancing with the milky moon.
Baby, take communion with the rest of the clan.
They bought a path of food to her to the Holy Land.
At the shrine of the Virgin, she was dressed in...
...and killed with a mad dog's one and a birth control pill.
Hey, hey, we're so wild!
All your farmer's daughters gonna repunch your soul.
Hey, hey, we're so wild!
Dancing with the milky moon.
Hey, hey, we're so wild!
All your farmer's daughters gonna repunch your soul.
Hey, hey, we're so wild!
Dancing with the milky moon.
On your hands, hands, hands and knees
On your hands, hands, hands and knees
On your hands, hands, hands and knees
Talking purty, purty, purty, purty, purty, purty, purty
Baby cries sometimes for no reason at all
Makes the minister nervous in the good that you stall
Ma's little angel, Paul's little bear
A child of God with a bigger spirit
Hey, hey, we're sold, you wild oats
All your farmer's daughters gonna eat what you sow
Hey, hey, we're sold, you wild oats
Dancing deep in the milky blue
Oh, come on
Hey, hey, we're sold, you wild oats
Bow to your partner in a do-si-do
Hey, hey, we're sold, you wild oats
Dancing deep in the milky blue
All right now
Hey, hey, we're sold, you wild oats
Hey, hey, we're sold, you wild oats
Hey, hey, we're sold, you wild oats
Hey, hey, we're sold, you wild oats
Hey, hey, we're sold, you wild oats
Hey, hey, we're sold, you wild oats
Woods in the M bowls
Swag bunch of
Stuff apiece
I'm needin' some overstates
Be Fred Ph. vidae
guitar solo
Sexy Day
Sex, sex, sex, violence.
Sex, yeah.
Sex, sex, sex, violence.
Sex and violence.
Sex, sex and violence.
Sex and violence.
Sex, sex, sex, sex, sex, sex, sex, sex, violence.
I love it!
Sex and violence.
Sex and violence.
Sex and violence.
Sex and violence.
That's it.
That's the end of the record, folks.
This is the end of the record.
The record has faded.
Yes, dear friends.
And welcome to Hour of Slack number 1,659.
This time it's not a rerun.
Although we are at Tarzan's radio station for real, for live.
And what we've been listening to, let's see.
The beginning opening titles were by Lee Murr, the great Fernandi Lee Murr.
Then we heard some cuts from the Rudy Schwartz Project, an old album called Sam and Dave that's been remastered.
And incidentally, friends, did Princess Wee and I mention that the Rudy Schwartz Project now has some DVDs out?
Oh, my.
If we haven't, we are really remiss.
Well, there are two Rudy Schwartz Project DVDs.
One called Meatloaf Tastes Better Now.
Not Meatloaf Tastes Better, but Meatloaf Tastes Better Now.
Low Budget Video Outrage, volume number 1.
And then volume number 2 is called Blood Freak.
And volume 1 has DVDs.
Okay, these are music videos of Rudy Schwartz.
The Rudy Schwartz Project crazy songs are edited and created by the Rudy Schwartz Project and Waldo themselves.
With songs like The Year They Switched to Cornmeal, Enjoy Our Delicious Fish Dinners, 11-Inch Poop Hatch Cha-Cha, You're Not Rondo Hatton,
Quiet Evenings with Gimpy.
Those are all.
All on the first collection.
The second one includes the classic Sarah Palin Vaginal Fluids.
I'm paraphrasing the title so that I don't have to go back and cut it.
It's a lot plainer than that.
And, friends, I don't know how to describe these videos.
They are to the eye what the Rudy Schwartz Project music is to the ear.
That is quite...
rich and dense.
That's a good description, Reverend Stang.
I don't know that I'd be able to enunciate it so clearly.
I would say it is pure bulldada.
Oh, yes.
Pure bulldada.
And the only thing I can really compare it to is the videos of Zontar.
Yes.
Although Zontar doesn't write songs.
He just does the videos.
And Zontar has his own style, which is different.
But they're both richly dense in dizzying...
Stareable.
They're stareable.
They're stareable.
They're absolutely stareable.
In the classic sense.
What else did we hear?
Oh, the Rainmakers, of course.
Only one song this show.
Wild Oats from their very first album 100,000 years ago.
And Lothar and the Hand People.
An almost forgotten...
Bulldada band.
About as weird as Captain Beefheart.
Doing sex and violence.
But now it's time for our show.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And this is the part of the show where we unlock the secret box here.
What's this special Bob number?
And the contacts.
Jehovah One.
Connie Dobbs.
Where's...
There it is.
Dave.
Under L.
Lonesome.
Cowboy Dave.
I'm on mic two.
You're on mic one.
Mike.
Okay, Mikey.
There we go.
I had to lift up my cyborgic vest because I was clipped on the wrong way by my abdomen muscles.
I don't have any real abdomen muscles left.
I hate when that happens.
Well, you got it all...
Yeah.
You got it all worked out.
Worked out right.
Right.
Well, I got it worked out pretty...
I shouldn't explode during the course of this transgression.
You shouldn't, but you might.
I might.
It's been known to happen.
One never knows.
I've seen Dave do some...
One never knows.
Do some rude things.
He got carried away in the course of doing a skit one time when we were there at the
Brain Rock Radio Theater.
Mm-hmm.
I did?
Yeah, you got carried away.
And Princess...
We were playing a lovely blonde lady, and you were playing a lecherous old guy, and you
actually grabbed her by the chest.
You got so into your...
And then you were mortified.
You were terribly embarrassed because you got...
I guess he's a method actor.
That was his method of getting a cop in a field.
Yeah, I'm from Mecca.
I'm a Hiberian actor, all right.
He said, you know, the cabbage stone that the Islams worship sometimes.
I didn't say Mecca actor.
I said method.
Oh.
Method.
We all need better hearing aids.
Oh, look, Princess, we just took hers out.
Yes, I did.
Well, it causes pain along with the headphones, you know, dear.
Oh, not me.
I like it that way.
That's what I thought.
It caused pain with the headphones, dear.
But, you know, if you're a Soviet monkey or any of those many infantile chimpanzees,
they don't really count anymore.
I mean, they know how to count up to 12 or something like that.
You know?
I'm not kidding.
Usually only about 10.
Yeah.
Unless they remember their feet.
Then they can go up to, like, 14 or so.
They're usually missing some toes.
Yeah, and chimpanzees' feet are genuinely different than human toes.
Or, like, human toes.
Well, I thought you were talking about human chimpanzees there.
Which, you know, I mean, same diff.
Yeah.
Plus, they live.
They live together in the same, you know, renegade wilderness abandoned of some sort.
Yeah, it's called The Suburbs.
Like, what's his name?
Like Johnny Depp in Dead Man.
Oh.
He could bite you and try to shoot you in the foot, you know?
That was a great movie.
That movie, Dead Man.
Jim Jarmusch, right?
It's a western in black and white.
It was actually from Cleveland.
It was shown at two X-Day.
Drills by the beloved late Dr. Dark at his drive-in.
Oh.
Yeah, it was strange.
Usually, what he showed were what we might call great bad films.
But he did show just a good art film at one time.
Although, it certainly has its bull-dada moments with Billy Bob Thornton and other character actors.
But it...
How do you get your hair to do that?
I just...
I can't do anything with mine.
They, uh...
Are you doing your hair in the middle of the air time?
The last X-Day that Dr. Dark was there, he gave the audience their vote on which movie to watch.
And the funny thing was, everybody decided on a good movie instead of a great bad movie.
They picked a great good movie.
Weirdly enough.
Yeah, strangely enough.
I didn't mind.
I actually...
I prefer good good movies to good bad movies.
Yeah, plus Subgenia and Subgenia are not known not to be weird.
Or not to be...
Right, they're not known not to be weird.
They're not known to not to be weird.
They better not be.
And they're better not to be.
Because if we know they're not to be weird, we're going to weird them up.
They're not known for their classy taste in films.
Pretty good.
Their classy taste in films?
Well, why not both?
Right.
You know?
You got your classy...
Ass.
And you got your ass, as it were.
You got your robot monster.
And you got your...
A dead man.
Right.
You got highbrow.
You got lowbrow.
Right.
And you got Big Man Japan, which covers everything.
Right.
It's all in the balance.
Yeah.
It's all in the popcorn.
Dave's right.
It's true.
It is all in the popcorn.
Popcorn is what brings together all these different social strata of the universe into
one powerful mechanism so that we can wear the cyborg vest that has...
You know?
Has...

You know?
Abdominal, abdominal, pelvic pains.
Popcorn was made in this very room just yesterday, I believe.
Really?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Your mom whipped up some popcorn.
Oh, she's a popcorn head.
She eats it every day.
Wee Ma Ma.
Wee Ma Ma makes popcorn.
Wee Ma Ma makes popcorn.
Wee Ma Ma makes popcorn.
I'm going to get some of Wee Ma Ma's popcorn.
It's the best popcorn in pop country.
In pop culture, that's the best popcorn.
Wee Ma Ma.
Popcorn.
It's corny.
You got both my feet and my mouth, my ears watering, my nasal areas.
Boy, that sounds delicious.
That's the flu, Dave.
Oh.
Well, the flu could be delicious, too, wouldn't you say?
Wouldn't you allow that?
No.
Let me check and see.
No.
Not delicious.
Mmm.
Not bad.
Salty.
The flu is repulsive.
It's the only salt I ever get, you know.
It's disgusting.
I have to hock up.
I have to hock up whatever salt is in my body and taste it for a minute.
I'm going to have to go, you know, get a bucket soon.
Keep this up.
Everybody needs a spare bucket.
I got Big Brother Syndrome.
I thought Princess Wee's big brother.
He's got it bad.
A teaser.
I pick up snakes and toads and say I'm going to thrust them at her.
Yeah.
I strap them on and then I thrust.
He does all that.
Yeah.
I thought you, like, you went up to her.
I went up to her drawers and smelled her underpants.
Yeah.
I get into her drawers with my toad.
I strap on a toad and then I get after her drawers.
Yeah.
Well, I would say that you are genuinely safe now.
I mean, you have no fear, no worries.
They're not going to come and get you because you have passed the test.
With a flying oral conviction, B plus or minus, depending on your mood, you win.
Actually, you know, I've been getting a little paranoid.
Well, maybe they could come and get me.
They could.
I normally don't feel very paranoid because when I go into small town America, it just looks like it always did, pretty much.
Whether I'm in the big city, in the inner city in Cleveland or in the rural small town Texas, they both look, they don't look the same, but they look the same as they used to.
To me.
To me.
So, I'm not normally that paranoid, but it's election time here in Glen Rose, Texas.
And there's all these electioneering signs everywhere.
And I don't know anything about these local politicians.
And I would guess that they're all a little bit to the right of Ted Cruz and think that Trump is just too much of a New York liberal.
So, and it does occur to me that, you know, I mean, what if somebody did?

I didn't like my something.
My church.
My cult.
Don't worry about it.
You know, my hair day.
Now, you know they're not all like that, dear.
Actually, my hair day is pretty common around here.
You just discovered someone that writes for the paper that was a little.
A libtard.
Yeah.
That's right.
There is a libtard blogger right here in Somerville County.
There's a glint of light, you see.
But that.
And he likes your hair?
Oh, it's.
It's.
It's.








It's.
It's a her.
I don't know anything about.
I mean, this person knows nothing of Reverend Ivan Stang or probably not even J.R. Bob Dobbs, although they will soon.
All of a sudden, I've been getting calls from podcasters wanting to interview again.
You know what it is?
They figure we're going to die.
That's what it is.
That's why they're making this movie.
Well, actually, they think you're going to come about again, as they call it in noble French.
They call it, you know, quote, coming about.
Yeah, but after we die.
That means you.
Yeah.
It means you're slipping off into another dimension.
You could be born reborn as a reptile.
Maybe have three feet.
Only have two toes on each foot.
Been there, done that many lives ago.
Right.
You could be a mathematics tutorial wizard and never wish in your entire life.
Probably didn't do that.
Oh, I thought you had, you know, a stunning classically left wing argument for that side of it.
You libtard snowflake you.
Yeah.
I'm just a tar of snow tar.
I'm a snow tar.
I'm crying because I cry all the time because I don't.
I never want to have a job and I just want free money.
That's what that's what.
Some people.
Some people say some people do that.
Well, haven't you found it to be true?
All you do, you have to do is peruse through the pages of everyday necrophile.
And just, you know, just when you go next time you're on the Internet, as you are many
hours of the day doing your job, so to speak, take out that piece of toilet paper and relinquish
your rights as a human being.
You're triggering me.
I'm triggering you.
My friend, Paul Mavridis, the artist who used to, well, he draws all kinds of comic books
and movie posters.
Yeah, he used to be heterosexual or something like that.
Yeah.
Well, that's the problem.
He's been invited to lecture at a college or something, a gallery in Ann Arbor, Michigan,
which is as college town of a college town as you can get.
Yeah, it's where they have the big hash festival.
Well, Palmer is worried because he's heard how sensitive modern day college students
are, some of them.
They're so terribly sensitive and he's afraid that he's going to bruise their feelings by
saying something blunt.
So he's trying to study and learn how not to offend a nice classroom full of modern
day protected college students.
He doesn't want to trigger any of them by saying a bad thing.
And his head is full of bad things.
There's nothing but bad things.
What else is going to come out of lies?
Yeah.
This is a guy who signs everything on the book of the subgenius by him signed lies.
Yeah.
He's not a nice person as artists go.
He's a real nice guy in real life.
In Chinese parlance, they would say he's losing his woo, meaning he's losing his
mass diastrophe, his mass objects.
He's becoming less dense and he can't handle like if some 19 year old were to say, I'm
a sophomore majoring in history.
I'm a sophomore majoring in history.
I inhuman studios out.
And now I'm lysндic in the old post-waromn floating.
And all of those will be あ affects the culture I'm in lying about everything that
society at some point will affirm that this Buy s and shut down in supposed ways.
Support for me has actually been great.
I think völlig otherwise.
Thank you below the readable screen.
It's got's it done.
the shot. Well, half the college students are saying, free the KKK
three, and half of them are saying, you know,
free the...
the KKK. Yeah, that's what I call them, but
who cares what I think?
Well, that's the problem. You can't care what they
think. What was it? Yeah.
You have to... your audience is
smarter than you, and they know when you're lying.
That's what somebody...
What was that quote? It was Joan Blondell, or
some showbiz woman told Rusty Warren that, as reported
by Byron Warner. Don't lie to your audience. They're smarter than you, and they'll
know. Now,
I think that's true
of...
of any subgenius with
an audience, certainly, by definition.
We don't have any
choice, but to be completely honest,
I have always been that way
in all my talkings
and rantings on the radio.
I've never stretched the truth
or put people on
always just as
honest and straightforward, because they're
smarter than a subgenius.
You know, you can't fool them.
You can't fool them, but you can fool them. You can screw them.
Now, that's not what I mean.
Hey, the music in the background that you're not hearing is from A Man Called Horse.
Oh, I remember that movie, too. It starred Amanda
Fear, the world's most famous transvestite detective.
No, actually, it had an old respected English
woman playing a Lakota,
an ancient Lakota
heredity, or
a Greymalkin.
And they actually had
all the actors speak Lakota
for real.
Cool. Now, I was
living on a Lakota reservation
at the time, and they all laughed at the accents
and thought, you sound like Englishmen
talking Indian.
You know, this
Dame Edith...
What's her name? I can't remember.
Anyway, it was a long, long time ago.
But all of them is...
And Richard Harris was the pale-faced boy who had to go to a sun dance.
And in this movie version of a sun dance, they would put eagle claws through your chest muscles
and lift you up to the top of the structure.
How?
In real life, that's...
In real life, the sun...
They don't actually lift you up off the ground.
You...
You're tied to the top of a pole,
kind of a maypole thing, only you've got
eagle claws going in your chest.
It's interesting, when they were...
They had to do it
on the sly, back at least
in the 70s
when I was there.
It's like they asked me to film one.
And I didn't feel comfortable doing it.
So I had my
local assistant helper guy
do it.
And, uh...
Yeah, they actually...
What...
The idea behind the sun dance is
you hurt so damn much
stretching your skin like this
and mainly from walking around in circles
in the hot sun.
You start to hallucinate and see
you know, Wakantanka
or your spirit guide
or whatever kind of wild, crazy thing
you're going to see.
You properly give vision, yeah.
Yeah, you're looking for a vision.
A lot of times you get a lot of mini-visions
in the sweat.
You know, like
once a week you could have a little mini-vision
too, started up by your
recollections as you fart
out your friends in the
sweat lodge.
It's like the old-fashioned schwitz, you know, like you're not allowed to
fart in there.
You know, that's a good question.
Probably that may
depend on which medicine man
is running the Uwepe ceremony
or whatever
in the lodge.
I was actually in a sweat...
I've been in a for real, not a hippie Indian sweat lodge, a real Indian sweat lodge.
I've been in a real Indian seance
and I did have visions, but it was all induced by
predictable things like staying up too late
and rhythmic drumming and chanting and darkness,
totally darkness, so you start seeing things.
And they're playing tricks.
They do stage tricks.
They do the same things that they do at
that they did at spiritual
spiritualist seances in the previous
previous century
and used each other's tricks and I
recognized them.
But I still believed, at the time I believed, it was only later that I realized they were tricks.
And the old medicine man had said something to the effect of,
you may later decide that maybe
there was
something else going on here, but
just remember your original feeling that you had.
And for a while there I really did believe that there were spirits of the spirit.
There was the afterlife in the room.
But now I don't believe there are spirits of the afterlife anywhere, personally.
I chased them all out.
I know. They're a hell of a bad as far as being like Republicans and they won't pay their rent.
They're always like three months behind.
Oh God, tell me about it.
Some of them even have those weird Chinese haircuts,
like Kim Kim Kim Kim Il-Sung, what's his name, Kill Bill...
Kill Bill Jung, the psychiatrist.
Yeah, the mad psychiatrist.
The psychoanalyst.
Yeah, the mad psychiatrist slash the psychoanalyst.
Yeah.
And...
Some people pronounce his name Jung.
At least we don't have to worry about him.
It was Jung or King Jim Jung.
Young, King Jim.
Young Kim Carl Jung.
Young Kim Kardashian.
That would be quite...
Kim Carl Kardashian Jung.
Yeah, that's getting pretty ridiculous.
Yeah, he's too stupid.
I like Troy.
I like Freud anyway.
Pink Freud.
Pink Freud.
They were a great band, Pink Freud.
They were petty, intellectual.
Even better was 20 years after was Punk Freud.
I mean, Punk Freud.
Punk Freud, right.
And he used to...
I guess he used to wear dildos on his head, you know, like to look like an evil jester
or something like that.
Yeah, and I know a guy who used to be his manager and he just buys old beat up dildos
and then sells them as if they were...
I mean, I think they were the ones that used to be on Punk Freud's head.
Yeah, I...
He also sells excrement be smeared Gigi Allen microphones, but it's not really Gigi Allen's
excrement.
Got news for you.
It's a little dog named Dammit.
Not my Dammit, another person's Dammit.
You mean there were a bunch of Dammits or Dandrites?
Yeah, that reminds me.
I've got to invite the owner of the previous Dammit to Star Wars.
I have to invite the owner of the previous Dammit to Star Wars.
And I also need to write a letter to Vermin Supreme.
Oh, wow.
Yeah, I have jobs to do.
I have jobs to do.
I have to invite Chicken John, would-be mayor of San Francisco, and general entrepreneur
and raconteur, and Vermin Supreme.
I forgot he had a Dammit dog.
He had a Dammit the Wonder Dog.
Dammit the Wonder Dog.
Yeah.
He didn't know any tricks.
Yeah.
But he would try to get it to do tricks.
He was the kind of Wonder Dog like Circus Apocalypse is a circus.
They juggle knives, not that they ever learned how.
So you know it's real when you see the blood.
But they used to juggle knives.
They've toned down their act a little bit now.
Well, I think it was the weird-
They just jump over flaming bikes and flaming baby wieners.
Baby wieners.
With a bike.
Yeah, with a bike.
Flaming, oh, wow.
No, they did.
It's on YouTube.
If you don't believe me-
It is on YouTube.
It sure as hell is.
So there's this thing on YouTube that there's like hundreds of thousands of baby wieners
being flash fried by a pick, by a what?
Only one, and it's done by Andrew the Impaled, but it's done so well-
Oh, okay.
It'll turn your stomach and make you want to go to the bathroom.
Because he's squeezing it out of its skin.
And he had it.
And he had the whole audience go, .
It's amazing.
Yeah, make your sound, make your sound.
It was a great little improv moment where he involved the audience and did simulated
defecation of a baby wiener on stage.
Yes.
These were little wiener, what do you call, cocktail wieners?
Yes.
We're venturing into taboo territory just saying the word cocktail wieners.
Yes, we are.
For some dirty minds.
And squeezing the wiener out of the casings also.
Yeah.
That's too German.
Too graphic.
It's way too graphic.
Yeah, taking your wiener out of a German sausage is too gratuitous or something.
But I remember when he used to chew up a bunch of light bulbs and stuff, and he said, the
secret is to eat 152 bananas.
Right.
So you poop them right out and you don't hurt yourself.
Right.
And then he stuck a huge long nail up his neck.


He had a huge nose hole.
That's right.
Because he knew the special spot that wouldn't kill him, but he didn't want to tell anybody
or else they'd try it and do it wrong, or maybe they would just learn how to do it and
have their own sideshow.
Well, Brad, that's the problem.
Everybody wants to be a sideshow marvel.
I'm just glad they quit sewing their lips together.
Yeah, that one always got me going.
I couldn't find the pinholes, and I thought, maybe this is for real, but I know it still
can't be.
It was for real.
It was absolutely for real.
David Apocalypse would sew shut the lips of Andrew the Impaled with surgical needles.
They did it carefully, but it was absolutely real.
I saw it over ... I filmed it up close and personal from inches away, numerous nights.
It's completely for real.
Folks, we're talking about a sideshow geek actor that appears in Cleveland, D.C.

frequently for the Pittsburgh Boys, Andrew the Impaled and ...
Circus Apocalypse, yeah, and David Apocalypse.
And David Apocalypse.
And they've appeared ... Andrew's been at every X Day for the last 15 years, I bet,
and singing.
And now, he's there with Amy Mm-hmm, his beautiful girlfriend who sings with him, and David Apocalypse
who has returned to Pittsburgh from the West Coast.
So, you never know.
When ...
When a bunch of Pittsburgh clowns will show up with their lips sewn shut, and Papa Joe
Mama said to Andrew the Impaled, with his lips sewn ... I mean, Papa Joe looks at Andrew,
Andrew's guy's lips sewn shut.
He goes, doesn't that hurt?
As if a guy with his lips sewn shut is gonna answer.
And he kinda did.
Reverend Andrew the Impaled said ...
Through his lips sewn together.
Through his lips, he said, not enough to come.
Not enough to come.

So, there you go.
Not quite enough to fully orgasm.
You don't have to repeat yourself.
As a result of having one's lips sewn.
But yeah, it was the saddest, sad clown with his lips sewn shut and little tears coming
down his ... because it hurts.
Yeah.
It actually kinda hurts.
So, you know, it was sad.
The farm animals could hear us right now.
There'd be some trouble in heaven or hell.
I'm telling you.
Oh, there's trouble.
There's trouble.



We've broken every lascivious law of carnal contact in the whole wide universe.
We need to build a wall between heaven and hell.
And make hell pay for it.
Yeah, that's it.
Build a wall.
Build a wall.
No more devils coming into heaven.
Wait a minute.
Wait.
That narrow band between purgatory and heaven, we have to build a 250-pound wall on the hallway
down the sideways to the cement blockage.
Actually, what it is, is to keep the angels from trying to get into heaven.
The angels are desperately trying to escape from that boring, boring place.
They wanna have sex and gamble and eat brie cheese and fondue factories and cry in the
nighttime when there's nobody around.
They wanna be like us, whoever the hell we are.
Devils.
Devils.
Bunch of devils.
Angelic devils.
Trying their best to maintain a modicum of mediumness.
If there ain't no slack, no sex in the hell, then we're gonna be like the devils.


If there ain't no show, then I'm not sure that I really wanna go.
Whoa-ho.
Ha-ha-ho.
Yeah.
Heh.
Heh.
Fooey.
But sometimes you just gotta go no matter what.
You know what I'm saying?
The anthropologists all agree that once you become an ensconced demonic angel, your feet
are, well, let's just say the thing, they could never find a way to market your patrol
feet.
Oh.
Well, they...
Did you know, as you know, devils grow devil toenails?
Yes.
What we didn't know was that devils grow, they shed them really fast.
They grow a new toenail in like every day.
They're great, big, gnarly, stony, curved toenails.
And we know this because we find fossil devil toenails all over the place out here on Stangler.

Stangler?


In the Stangler Ranch, which is famously located in the Cretaceous Formation.
So we got not only dinosaur tracks, but I'm not kidding, I could show everybody on the
radio five jars, mason jars, of devils' toenails.
They're not fresh ones.
They're fossilized, so they don't stink anymore.
The dog thinks they're just little rocks.
They're pretty.
But they're, uh, they're the toenails of demonic angels.

entities that tormented dinosaurs
millions
of years ago.
Well, you can
laugh. I mean, there's a skeleton. We have a
complete skeleton of one
sitting in front of the
sacred shed. It's true.
He's not kidding. What's so funny about that?
What's so funny
about peace, love, and understanding
and prehistoric devils?
We've also got a couple of cave subgeniuses.
Yeah,
a couple fornicated, what do they
call them, alewives?
They wanted to become fish.
We call the cave subgeniuses Adam
and Eve, but frankly, I'm pretty
sure they're really Adam and Steve.
But
the rubes can't tell the difference.
And we found a little fossilized pink
bow, so we stuck it on the head
of one of them, and that proves it's a female.
Well, what about
Wadham and Weasel? They were two
twins that you could not instill
because they have not been able to
delineate the sexual
variants of what they were.
We could separate them if we but had
the scissors of sight.
But that secret is denied us
to this day. But we await
the twins who will come with the scissors
of sight.
Any minute now, just like X-Day.
I have hope, faith.
Well, I guess I got my knuckles
crossed, too. I'm just hoping it doesn't happen
too slow because I might not
be around to see that.
I wish I could just think
you'll get, as soon as you die, you'll be really
famous.
I know. I've heard everybody said that
for the way it works, but I was kind of
hoping. And you get rich, too.
Well, somebody does.
Yeah. Hey, maybe your publisher.
That's it. Maybe
your publisher. No.
That's me. How about his son?
I'm Dave's publisher.
There's a book out. Neighbor World.
I was going to tell you I had a dream the other day
and I realized it was somebody else.
And seeing what the book
said,
different than I did.
There's a real good review of it.
You mentioned it in a confused way
last week, but I looked at the
Amazon listing for Neighbor
World and somebody wrote a nice
review of it.
Yes. That was
at the same time. He called it a cross between
Neuromancer and
Infinite Jest.
Well, there you go.
I feel like I'm pretty
like, you know, a hip type of
person, you know, amongst
that company.
Well, you know about as much
about computers and the internet
as William Gibson did when he wrote
Neuromancer, which was nothing.
He was just extrapolating.
Yeah, he wrote it on a manual typewriter.
He may have gotten a computer since then.
I don't know.
Yeah, given the right
pricing.
And the right quality time
along with his own
furniture. I know at least three
old men on the radio who still
don't have smartphones.
Well, you're suddenly, instead of
other physical sensations,
you're dependent on knowing, like
hearing that song that you couldn't remember
the name of. What was that?
Who was that? Right, you can just instantly look it up.
Hey, did you ever get
when they put a urethra tube in your nasal?
I mean,
did you?
I mean, it hurts to even think about it, Dave.
It wasn't in my nasal. It was where you, it was right up in there.
They had to, they had to do that to test,
to test my pressure, my spray.
My spray was terrible.
It was really weak.
And if they, if they tested it
after the operation, it was like a fire hose.
Yeah, it's unbelievable.
It's reverting now.
The stubborn beast fleshed out.
Creeps back.
Well, thank God for that.
Because I remember what, what were you saying about it?
We, it was very inconvenient when
family or the neighbors were around the house
and like they were sitting down to a
a moist, delicious
bowl of flan and chocolate cake.
Just like President Trump.
Poor Dave. It's like he can't,
he, he, he,
it's hard to say anything without that name
popping into it.
I know.
I'm sorry. I want to cry now.
I feel very like I've been touched deeply and sadly
by the great creator and master genius,
the philosopher of the universe.
What's his name?
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Bob Dobbs.
Yeah, him.
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
That guy.
It's so easy to forget.
Oh yeah, that guy.
That guy that's the whole reason
that there is a church of the subgenius in this show.
The guy we hardly ever talk about anymore.
Yeah, old pipe face.
Old pipe face, yeah.
The salesman.
The guy who could sell anything to anybody.
Yeah.
What about him?
Yeah.
What about him?
He's not allowed to talk too much.
Isn't he gonna get after us
for not praising his sweet name enough?
It's like, I've got thousands of Bob songs
I could play from years past.
I don't, I don't think too many people
are singing Bob's songs now.
There hadn't been a new one in quite a while,
except the next day.
I'm not singing his victorious praises
because he hasn't lost, he hasn't lost.
Oh, Dr. Howell has been writing them.
What am I saying?
Yes.
Dr. Howell and Dr. Oney and Cannonbite
both had really good new ones last year at X Day.
They were most excellent.
Yeah, I haven't played the sing-along yet.
God, there's a ton of stuff I haven't played yet
because we moved and I haven't had a chance
to even listen to that stuff.
And don't they sing the Machapella too,
which makes it even more astounding?
Oh, and they do, yeah, and they do,
and they sign in deaf language while doing it.
Which is tricky, that's really hard
because it's like all hand movements
and shucking and jiving,
but you're also signing for the deaf at the same time.
Only Onan could do that.
He's a pro.
Yeah.
Well, because he was an Onanist to begin with.
He can't keep his hands where they don't belong.
I'm not saying his hands don't necessarily belong
on his arms, I'm just saying they're not his.
Never mind.
He's good at it.
He's a good Onanist.
Yep.
I've never seen him perform.
I don't think I want to.
But I guess if he's a real cannabis eater too,
on top of being a malnort.
Onan Cannabide and the Fappers, I think was the name.
No, Dave, you would like it.
You would really like Onan.
I know you would.
It's real hip stuff, like man,
like he's real hip and stuff.
Well, it's a good thing you're monogamous
and you swear by the Sunshine Act
because, you know, Pfizer's is very different.
It's a difficult thing to deal with.
When somebody says they're having a solution
or reptilism is growing abundant in their bodies
and stuff like that, they want to know that Dr. Swyfe
or Dr. Herndonite knows exactly
what the prescription should be.
It should be a hefty dose of realism
and a big gobsmacking mac of bulldada, right?
Well, that's the problem.
We're surrounded by rampant rectilism.
Rampant rectilism, I tell you.
The rectilates are everywhere.
Mm-hmm.
All right, phooey.
And friends, you can save yourself from the rectilators
by joining the Church of the Subgenius.
You can look into that at subgenius.com.
And I can tell by the fact that our background music
has run out that it must be the end
of the show approaching.
Ah, but first, one last wonderful thing.
A little song by the Psychoskeletons called
You're Projecting.
You're Projecting.
Good to have ya!
I like that one.

So did you slightly forget

As your foolish friend
Orahu is not,
No.
merchandise anymore









You haveger
nokum


hide
somehow

mind
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.

Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.

Thank you.


Lonesome Cowboy Dave has been our...
It's not exactly our guest, he's our co-host.
Question.
It's always just the three of us.
Dave, there's other people wanting to take your place on the show,
since we can only do one caller at a time at Tarzan's so far.
Who was that, I might ask?
Everybody.
But could it really be the Hour of Slack if it wasn't just you, I, and Dave?
Everybody whose name starts with an F.
Philo, Fox, Fid, and Pease.
All those names start with an F.
Philo, Fox, Fid, and Pease.
And what do they want again?
They want to get on my show.
I got on their show, and then the next week Philo got on their show.
So I may be playing their show with Philo on it at some point soon.
It's hard to play their show without me or Philo on it because they cussed too much on all their earlier shows.
They cussed so much, I'm not even going to think about it.
So much it's not even funny.
Well, it was to them, I'm sure.
That's the thing, that's the difference between a podcast and a for real broadcast show like this.
Which, although admittedly we're recording it in my house.
In Welsh.
It will be broadcast on actual respectable university stations.
But they are.
And a couple of other, otherwise respectable indie type stations.
And they are.
Oh, and Night Flight is on.
Night Flight is going on to TV and it's got Subgenius on it again.
It's not just on the internet.
Yeah, Night Flight came back as a show that you pay for.
A monthly fee or something on the internet.
And they brought, it was, Subgenius Arise, the Subgenius video, was a big part of Night Flight in the 80s.
And it's back and they wanted it back.
And they're going on to some kind of broadcaster cable or something.
Not just Roku or whatever.
Cool beans.
So, yeah.
And I'll get, we'll get paid.
Yay.
Don't tell Hal or DK Jones or Court Holland or any of the people who've worked their butts off on that thing.
Nobody's been paid for it in a long time.
Could I be paid too?
No, you didn't have, you're not even, I think, I think you're in Arise for like a half a second.
Because that was all done in the 80s.
We added some last minute things to it.
So there's like, I think there is a clip of Dave's band.
And with you in it, Princess Wee, singing.
Maybe you're singing America.
Yeah.
Come on again to save the, oh, I can't see any of that song on the TV right now.
M and F and day, yeah.
Right.
Yeah, it was a song.
The theme of Team.
Oh, what?
Oh, Team America World Police.
Yeah.
America blank yeah.
Na na na na na na na na na na na na na na.
Blank yeah.
Now, so that's where I would cut to the recording.
Because now we're doing that, the part of the show that comes after the show.
Well, if they weren't acting like such Aborigines, we wouldn't have these didgeridoos.
Right.
And since it's only on the internet, I'm tempted to go ahead and upload it.
I'm going to open this liquid frop here.
Uh oh.
And squeeze this baby wiener out of its casing.
Here it comes.
It's not very big, but it's stiff.
It's yummy too.
Oh, so salty.
So disgusting.
Baby wieners.
What difference does it make if you're drinking liquid frop when you're not even at a radio
station?
There's like no FCC.
I don't know.








I don't even know if there's any FCC rules when you're recording it in your home.
Goodness.
Well, people used to drink alcohol in radio stations and smoke cigarettes.
Smoke cigarettes?
Yeah.
Yeah.
In fact, it was considered normal and cool to smoke cigarettes in the radio station.
Yeah.
By your own personalized microphone.
There was another little hole that you could put a drink or an ashtray in, I guess, or
two of them.
Can you imagine nowadays not being able to pour your favorite vegetables?
Well, what you do nowadays is like if you're Rush Limbaugh or any of these Sean Hannity guys,
you just take a ton of oxycodone before you go on the air.
And lay there like a big flabby blob in a wheelchair.
That makes you feel like you're God, so you just blabber all kinds of insipid nonsense.
And for your audience, it's perfect.
Thanks.
You drink it up.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Fooey.
Well, Dave, do you have to get up in the morning and go to work?
I certainly do.
Oh, no.
So do I.
But it doesn't make any difference because I never get done.
Actually, I have to get up in the morning and go to the doctor.
I think I should go see a new doctor, a brand new doctor, just so he can give me a referral
to go see my heart doctor from last year.
Me too.
But it's because I'm on Obamacare now.
I used to be on county government care, but they lied and cheated me.
Me too.
Kicked me out, raised the rates.
So now Barack Obama is paying for most of my insurance.
Me too.
Thanks, Obama.
Thanks, Obama.
Way to go, Obama, paying $800 a month of my insurance.
Way to go.
God, the stupid Democrats.
I'm sorry.
But God, they're just going to screw everything up.
How dare they pay for my insurance?
Or a whole lot of it.
Just look at how wonderful the stock market is right now and how happy we should be that
Mr. Turnitin has finally become the new president.
Who knows?
Who cares?
Who knows?
Not that I .
I don't care.
I'm fed up.
I've had it. I've had enough of it.
I'm done with it, I tell you.
I've washed my hands of it.
See, hear me? Hear me washing my hands of it?
I'm out of here.
Oh, I hope you would wash my sink sometime.
Splish, splash, he was taking a bath.
Friends, if you want to fight the power,
join the power of the Church of the Subgenius.
Fight power with power by sending
$35 plus $395 postage
to Post Office Box 807,
Glen Rose, Texas, 76043.
And with that, we salute you.
Well, actually, we salute Bob,
because if we...
If we don't, he'll torture us,
jail us and torture us,
make us live in our own feces.
Well, he didn't really necessarily make us.
Some of us said,
would you choose, would you wish...
Well, we know that would be the right thing to do
if we didn't praise Bob enough.
Well, we wouldn't get in trouble anymore,
and people would certainly stay away from us
for long periods of time.
So it was the right thing to do.
Yeah, cover yourself with feces.
And praise Bob.
I actually had to argue with some elderly person
who had locked herself in a bathroom
and was throwing feces at the...
Once again, the...
They looked like Soviet chimpanzees.
Do you remember those guys?
The Soviet chimpanzees?
That was my favorite band in high school.
Oh, mine too.
Everybody loved them,
especially, you know, the candy heads.
I actually got some poo thrown on me
when I went to their concert.
When I was 17.
Ruski chimpanzees?
The Soviet...
Soviet chimps.
Soviet chimps.
That's what they called them.
Uh-huh.
I had some...
And I had Argo sign some of mine.
What do you think about that?
Argo himself?
The real...
He signed the poo before he flung it?
The baby chimpanzee lead singer of them all.
Man.
He signed mine.
He signed it...
One of them signed it,
I think it was something like Vaseline
or some kind of...
Sodium oil?
Some cream of some kind?
And the other kind was a blood-red ink
of a damaged other species.
I forget his name.
Well, what they usually do
is they use their poo
to autograph, like, your back
or your chest or something.
Well, yeah.
It was more poo on the poo.
Right.
That was part of their disgust
for their audience.
And, of course, the audience
lapped it up, as it were.
Well, no.
Right, yeah.
And especially chimpanzees didn't mind.
They thought it was a little bit over the top.
Man, I don't know how much more
of this conversation I can take.
This is getting way beyond disgustipating.
Well, if you think monkeys pooping
is disgusting...
It's natural, Princess.
Just having it smeared on me physically,
I mean, come on.
I'm getting ready to gag now.
That's a performance art.
Having it become takey in the sun
at the days of no moisture.
Yeah.
Well, I...
That's an art statement, Princess, were you?
Yeah.
I can think of a friend...
I can actually come to think of it.
We have a good friend in common
who has worked in that medium.
That's true.
So, she was faking it
during some of the set pieces.
Yes.
I'm calling it a burnt sienna crayon,
but really,
I'm calling it a burnt sienna crayon.
Well, anyway, on that note, friends,
we're going to wipe it up here.
I mean, wrap it up
and flush this show down
and get the taste out of our mouths.
Awful.
I've got molecules all over my fingers now.
Did you just come rolling out?
Yeah.
Yeah, when I asked for the toilet paper,
that's when you come rolling out.
To quote Jimi Hendrix.
Okay.
Dave, we have to go now.
I have to go to the doctor
and you have to go to the work.
You load 16 tons.
What do you get?
Another day older, deeper in debt.
Thanks for reminding me.
Bob Dobbs, don't you call me
because I can't go.
I owe my soul
to the subgenius doll.
Oh.
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do.
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do.
I kissed Bob one morning
where the sun doesn't shine.
Picked up my shovel
and I
walked to the mine.
Loaded 16 tons
of...
It got real quiet all of a sudden.
Did Dave go?
Loaded some cowboy Dave poo.
I think Dave left.
And the next thing I said was
goodnight to you.
