The Albanian
Bob?
Bob?
Bob!
Bob?
Well, what do you think about Bob?
Why would I?
Mr. Merriam-Coleman?
Bob?
What about Bob?
Think for yourself.
Bob?
Questions are now.
Why?
Think for yourself.
Think for yourself.
Question are now.
I don't think for yourself.
Question are now.

Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
The Agent and Mr. Dobbs, Part Seven.
Translated by Reverend Teters LaVerge.
from the shreds of a report made by an anonymous governmental agent.
The music in the background is by yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang,
and I will now read the end of The Agent and Mr. Dobbs.
Chamelot, the place which I expected to look like a typical bomb shelter,
was more a mixture of a perverted hip swingers pad,
a communications center of the First Order,
a hillbilly's hovel, and a museum of oddities.
There was a large, stuffed, Bigfoot-looking creature
standing next to a utilitarian army surplus metal desk.
A bloody scimitar was crudely duct-taped to the thing's right hand,
and at the bottom of the statue, along with a pile of dusty humanoid skulls,
was a plaque that stated,
J.B. Exlatel Dobbs XIII, the Beaten Fist of Jehovah One.
I could not tell you if the thing was once a real beast or not,
but its furry body sure stank like the froth that Bob always smoked.
As I looked over the shelter-slash-swingers pad of Bob's,
mostly to find an alternate escape route,
I became aware of the fact that we were not alone.
For, from a far corner came the sound of shallow, rasping breaths.
Even after all the events that I had witnessed,
I still held some fear of the unknown in my heart.
With trepidation, I slowly walked to the corner where the sounds emanated.
There, in an easy chair,
illuminated by the dim and wavy light of a lava lamp,
sat a...
grotesque version of what was once probably human.
Its face was a sickening parody.
It had a permanent sardonic grin,
and between its strained lips was a poorly grafted-on pipe,
much like Bob's.
The thing exuded a continuous soft and disgusting chuckle
that sounded like the sarcasm of the damned.
I found myself backing away,
but with a withered hand, the thing beckoned me to it.
He he he he, it chuckled.
Have I got a joke for you?
The thing then proceeded to tell a long rambling and incoherent joke
about a priest, a pink, and a yeti that go to some bar.
It made no sense whatsoever,
yet the creature kept laughing to itself as it puffed on its pipe.
I did not even notice that Bob had come over and was standing next to me
until he let out a room-shaking guffaw at what I suppose was the punchline,
which went something like this.
Something like,
humanity popping like a bunch of damn crawfish in a hot skillet.
I shook my head and told this thing before me to shut the hell up
and that we may be on the brink of atomic war.
Mr. Dobbs twisted my ear in a most painful manner
and, while patting the thing on its shoulder, said,
fuck them if they can't take a joke.
Suddenly, a very real and cold fear gripped my heart.
I asked Bob if he knew what he was talking about.
He knew something I didn't.
Did Khrushchev die of alcohol poisoning?
Did the commies assassinate our president in retaliation?
Were we on the brink of atomic destruction?
Bob just played pocket pool and chuckled,
nuclear war is the least of your worries, young agent,
at least after last night's card game.
It was then that the room suddenly lit up in red lights
and a klaxon started to sound.
Bob jumped up and down like a child on Christmas Day,
yelling, that's Connie calling, that's Connie calling.
He skipped, I'm not kidding, skipped over to a video telephonic device.
There he sat down, fidgeting on a large leather swivel chair,
furiously playing pocket pool.
Hi, sweetie spleen, he said to the beautiful image of Connie on the video screen.
What are you doing in our Dallas compound?
Mr. Dobbs smiled stupidly as Connie said,
well, dearie, I had a little party.
at the compound last night and,
well, it would seem that I made a little joke with Jackie
about pranking the president.
You know what a card he is.
And it would seem that three of the doctors overheard.
Mr. Dobbs just nodded his head,
smiling as if he could picture the party in his, quote, mind, unquote.
Well, this morning those doctors got all drunked up
and took some rifles and, well, dearie,
it would seem that Dr. Oswald was a tad bit too tipsy
and grabbed some real bullets instead of the rubber kind.
Connie made a gesture and on the video screen appeared Dr. Oswald,
looking sheepish and more than a bit hungover.
Sorry, Bob, he said with a hangdog expression on his face,
obviously twisting his foot on the floor in shame.
Connie, as a reward, popped a pill in his mouth,
which he gobbled down like an obedient dog.
It's okay, Dr. Oswald, Bob said.
We all make mistakes.
Fuck up, man up, man shut the fuck up is the motto, isn't it?
I was shocked again at Bob's levity in situations of danger.
Well, fuck us if we can't take a joke.
Bob elbowed me so hard in the ribs that I fell over gasping.
Have Connie give you a few more pills and 50 cents to go see a movie.
I'll call Johnny Boy and clear the whole thing up.
Dr. Oswald nodded obediently and walked away from the screen,
grinning like a reprieved man chewing a big mouthful of pills.
Look, Connie, Bob said, where is Dr. Ruby?
He and the other doctors are down at his strip joint keeping the party going,
Connie replied, looking as radiant as ever.
Well, do me a favor, honey bunch of synapses,
and go down there and tell Dr. Ruby that I have a job for you.
I want him to take Dr. Oswald out, Bob said.
Will do, Connie chirped as they jiggled their fingers at their throats,
making a strange noise and hung up their video phones.
Bob then looked strangely thoughtful for a moment.
I guess I should have told Connie that the job was to get Dr. Oswald out of the country for a little bit.
Hmm.
He then pulled a folder full of photos from the desk drawer
and started to meticulously cut and paste Dr. Oswald's head onto various figures,
railroad conductors, nurses, dinosaurs, and figures of men holding rifles,
with crudely painted signs that said, I did it.
He sighed a lot during the process until the sighs became a sort of barking noise, guttural, animalistic.
He got up, smoothed the non-existent wrinkles from his trousers right before he pulled them down
and sat on a portable chemical toilet.
I averted my eyes until Bob yelled,
Gaze upon me, little pink!
I actually stumbled backwards at the timbre of his voice,
yet I found myself obeying his command as I dragged a metal folding chair over to him
and sat within a few mere inches from him as he did his best.
I was surprised to see that Bob was actually doing his business,
which in itself was odd, for as I gazed upon his face,
it turned rather vividly from green to red to blue and back to green again
until, with the sound of a million balloons popping simultaneously,
what was previously a very serious, strained look on his face
transformed into the usual moronic and placid visage
that I not only would see in person, but in my own mind as well,
when I closed my eyes.
I suspect that I was going insane.
From all the pills and slack, one could only guess.
My feeling of insanity was pretty much cemented
when Bob picked up a girly pink video phone
and called our still-living president.
It appeared that the SOB was a dipsomaniac, a whoremonger,
and still at that bordello in Florida.
A gray,
with a powder-blue bouffant wig came up on screen looking annoyed,
its huge eyes were clouded over and drunk,
as it rolled over and got the president on the phone.
Our president rubbed his red-rimmed eyes and,
in an irritated, stuttering voice, asked first if Jackie were there.
When soothingly reassured by Bob that she was back in Dallas,
he calmed down a bit until he was told of all that had transpired
in his besotted absence.
The president jumped out of bed.
He was clothed in a, and here it's blanked out, uniform,
a something uniform.
I lost all respect for him at that point,
but could only admire his obvious abilities as M blanked out, M blanked out.
Some M something, M something.
I personally suspect it might be Marilyn Monroe.
As the MM and the bouffantage of the president,
the red-gray kept adjusting the eye patch,
which it would seem covered the damage that MM had done to it the night before with a fork.
I listened in as the two of them conversed.
Bob kept trying to explain to the whining man that it's all right,
and that he, I'm not sure who he meant, didn't have to worry,
and because I've got it all under control.
The president threw another fit while Bob explained to him
that his trusted man, Dr. Oswald,
was the one who drunkenly grabbed the rifle with the real bullets.
The president suggested that they dispose of the assassinated clone,
and he himself could explain on TV that he was all right and it was just a scratch.
Bob snickered, saying that was a grand idea,
but obviously no eye patch is going to fool the necessary amount of people
when thousands saw half your head being blown off.
So just accept the island offer and shut up.
Bob rocked back in his swivel chair,
a smug look on his face as if he had just untied the Gordian knot.
He played pocket pool so hard I could hear the sound of pain.
The president glowered thoughtfully for a moment,
taking in the import of the situation he found himself in.
Okay, Mastek, he said, I'll take the deal.
Just tell Jackie that I'm getting stuff done with the Greys at Camp Canaveral
and send Dr. Oswald to me.
I have a few choice fists to show him.
Mr. Dobbs chuckled and mentioned that he already had Dr. Ruby on the job.
He is going to take him out of the country.
Bob then abruptly hung up the phone.
Did I tell Connie the out of the country part?
He looked serious for a few moments until the thing in the easy chair
started laughing insanely, yelling,
When Bob Dunn fucks up, people die!
And when Mr. Dobbs starts farting, the world starts...
Hehehehehehehehehehehehe.
I glared at the creature in disgust.
How could you joke at this moment?
I whispered an aside to Bob, asking what manner of foul creature it was
that sat in the corner.
Bob said loudly, ignoring my attempt at privacy,
pointing to the creature and laughing,
Hehehehehe, that is a mistake.
A genetic mistake like the alligator people you saw
in my grand moat of happiness outside the factory.
That mistake used to be as pink as you.
That was my middle hand man until it decided to retire
to a monastery in Tibet with a big bag of my personal stash of frop.
The thing we got back from the yeti monks was no longer human
but also not quite an overman.
So I decided to graft that pipe onto its face and make it frop up
24 hours a day just to see what would happen.
Young agent, what you see before you is the future of failure.
What you see is an over-under man.
The thing in the corner puffed its pipe and cackled like a madman.
You see, young agent, Bob told me,
that I now need you as my middle hand man.
I pondered the gravity of what he told me
as he put some atonal rumba music on the hi-fi
and walked over to the classy bar
to fix us a drink.
He did a poor job of hiding the spiking of my drink with pills
though he obviously tried to look innocent and hide his actions.
My heart dropped as he started to suddenly gyrate his hips
hula style when he glided over with my drink.
We were alone and I had no escape.
I feared the worst but knew that this was my duty.
Bob handed me the drink and suddenly got serious.
If you can ever call him that.
He heartily pfffwift the stuffy air that hung leaden in the shelter.
He told me not to worry too much,
that he'd find a way to make a buck out of the whole thing.
Without thinking I drank the cocktail down.
The room spun in a pleasant way and I noticed that
the little umbrella that he had put into the drink
was topped off with a small plastic bobbly head of the president.
The head had what looked like two heads.
It had two bullet holes in it.
I knew then that God help us if we cannot get this man squarely on our side.
Bob gyrated around me while my sight dimmed into a fearful tunnel
and my mind reeled at the import of this man's powers.
Bob stood over me as I slumped in the chair.
Boy, I have plans for you.
You're going to Dobbs Town for further instruction.
And a little itty bitty upper left hand
was the inspiration to open up that other hole.
I felt the room whirl as all faded out but his pipe,
his grin and that insufferable soft chuckling.
The end there of The Agent and Mr. Dobbs
until book two, Mr. Dobbs, or The Agent rather, goes to Dobbs Town.
A very painfully tragic story.
Translated, it says here, by Reverend Teeters LaVerge, 2011, conspiracy year.
So friends, I suppose if, well, whether we're still on earth after X Day 14 or not,
we'll hear the rest of the story.
The music in the background was by yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang.
And now, this.
People fools pray to God who no one's a prayer.
He say he know Bob who bring fish and more.
Priest say no.
But Capitan say he bring great Bob.
People fools.
All right.
You stay.
No, no.
You hate Bob.
Bob.
No.
I'll be fine.
Just, uh, I'm not sure I want to leave you with Bob.
Because he gives me the creeps.
Bob.
Meets her.
Fuck.
Bob.
Yes.
And the child will be immortal.
Yeah, but there's a cat.
She has to live the rest of its life as some kind of half-assed fish in the sea.
No matter who she is, Bob will be just as horrible .
Back in the day, you
had to kill all that involved with triggeredией.
Like creepy.

Wait, até champions?
Sky story.
Oh, yeah.
started isn't it? Freaks like you infiltrating, scouting out the lay of the land and then you
move in for the kill. I'm seeing history in the making. But my weapons are more powerful than
yours. Your own fears have created the means of your destruction. What happened out there?
Oh nothing much. Bob just tried to kill me twice in the last five minutes. I heard a roar and saw
a truck skidding towards me he told police. When I came to people were throwing coats over me.
I was pinned under a trailer axle. All around me people were groaning. I could hear cars still
colliding. Back in the east lane there was the ugly flat sound of a body being hit. The meat truck
driver from Iowa was struck run over twice and said bouncing through the snow. 30 feet away a
truck came by skidding on top of two cars. The college boy from the VW running back with a flare
was hit. Then his VW was smashed. A driver education officer said he was hit. I saw a car
stop. The teacher stopped his car and ran to help. A cross country bus came to a stop. Brakes
screeching. A truck hit him. Curled into a truck ahead. The back window of the bus blew out from
air compression. The whole front end fell open. People poured out from in pain. Cars began to be
tossed up the cliff leaving chrome hanging from the rocks. We will do our utmost to find the cause
of the delay. They bought most of the stock in August and paid cash for it. Our stock has not
risen above par since the first of the month. It is possible we shall find all the alfalfa we need
right here. The goods are now for sale at a price far below the original price. The goods are now
for sale at a price far below the original price. The goods are now for sale at a price far below
the original price. The goods are now for sale at a price far below the original price. Describe the
following... A dog. An elephant. A cat. A monkey. A goat. A horse. Easy subjects for description.
Describe. A. Rabbit. B. Fox. C. Pig. D. Mouse. E. Bear. F. Camel. G. Fly. Dire. Sheep. Direct. B.
Directed. Cow. Dire. Hand. Direct. Duck. Directed. Robin.
Dire. Lark. Direct. Canary. Directed. Ostrich. Much junk dyke. Cider much junk dyke. Peculiarities. Cider much junk dyke.
Oh my God, there's that Connie from... The Self Genius Hour of Swag.
Connie, before you say anything, there's something I need to get off my chest. I bought tickets to every raffle your church ever had, and I'm tapped out.
So whatever it is you came to say to me, I'm not interested.
Well, I'll just go then.
Oh, by the way, my church had its raffle drawing yesterday. You won the grand prize.
I just gotta meet Bob.
Hold on.
I can't even tell the number.
Okay.
Wait a minute, I can't do this.
JR?
JR?
Hey JR, this is from Kansas, and I'm sort of a redneck.
Okay.
I don't know what I'm gonna do. I gotta work really hard.
I don't know what I'm gonna do.
I gotta work really hard.
I don't know what I'm gonna do.
I gotta work really hard.
I don't know what I'm gonna do.
I gotta work really hard to fit into it.
And we're slacking off.
Kitty.
Bebop.
Bebop.
Kitty.
Bebop.
Bebop.
Kitty.
Bebop.
Kitty.
Bebop.
Kitty.


Bebop.
Bebop.
Bebop.
I'm at the airport, and I'm having a lot of trouble getting on the plane.
No, Bob.
Bob, statistics prove that we're safer in the air than on the ground.
So will you watch your favorite time of the year?
The ripe golden days of summer?
The soft promise of spring?
The flaming glory of autumn?
The cold white magic of winter?
Whatever it is, there's something I know you'll enjoy in any season.
I keep thinking of you, baby.
Seeing you in the setting of all the four seasons of the year.
And always, whether you're stretched out in a beach or in a pool,
sitting in a beach chair under a summer sky,
or walking in the country during spring or fall,
or sitting by the fireside on a cold winter evening,
always I picture you puffing on your pipe, serene and gentle.
I can almost smell it now, so light, so rich in flavor.
Baby, someday I'll find you, and maybe your eyes will be brown instead of blue.
Maybe your hair will be blue.




Maybe your hair will be blonde instead of dark.
But this I know.
Brown eyes are blue.
Blonde hair are dark.
You'll be smoking a pipe.
How do I know?
Smoking a pipe just naturally goes with you, the finest guy in the world.
You can take that as a fact.
Muffin, did I sort of surprise you with that?
Of course, if it really becomes a success,
you'll be responsible, hon.
And it was you who demanded the records.
You see how I obey you, Angel?
That's cause I have no other love.
Angel, if I were to be led into a room full of handsome men,
do you know the man I'd go to?
You, baby.
And there are thousands of girls like me.
Virginia and Kentucky and the Orient.
So if you want to keep romancing your life, baby,
it'll please any gal you know.
For a gal loves to be near the man who's smoking a pipe.
Well, lover, another evening's been put in the pages of my memory book,
and I've adored every minute of it.
You're the prettiest thing that's ever happened to me,
so why don't you plan on being with me again tomorrow night?
Hah, a guy.
Okay, I backward- SOLID待esh
I mu- BU WH- I- DO I- DO-
I BU BU B- BU BU BU BU r- BU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU U BU BU BU BU BU U BU BU BU BUB İ-
I I BU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU目 EU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU
BU MB BSU BU TU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU BU
Frank arrowones tecnología的
Mr. Corny
Mr. Corny
Anti-virgin Cosmo Green
The prettiest thing you've ever seen
She's super sexy, nasty, mean
The original bad girl, so unclean
An uber femme of outer space
She's so outrageous in your face
An icon of desire and sex
Just like the girls from Planet X
A diva of debauchery
Mistress of hot swivery
She's ultra cool, she's so hot
A juice of genius, patriarch
Our sister of salvation
A pinup queen for masturbation
A true Jezebel
She'll send you straight to pink hell
Divine domestic deviation
Corny is your inspiration
A lonely leader in fighting love
This is the Corny that we trust
Divine domestic deviation
Corny is your inspiration
A lonely leader in fighting love
This is the Corny that we trust
Look out boy, she's on her way
Our darling Corny is here to stay
A girl like her is something rare
She's super woman, she's everywhere
A mighty, mighty, mighty Corny
enemy of the same. She's the devil incarnate. She's one hell of a revelation, a siren of
divine creation. Hail Connie, fuck Bob. This girl's got class, a true heartthrob. She'll
get you on this righteous kick. Get with Connie, do it quick. This girl's a winner in plain
speech. She's the center of our galaxy. She's the heaven of mutation, straight from Bob's
radiation. Divine domestic deviation. Connie is your inspiration. A lonely leader in the
fighting love. This is the Connie we trust. Divine domestic deviation. Connie is your
inspiration. A lonely leader in the fighting love. This is the Connie we trust. This is
the Connie. This is the Connie. This is the Connie.
This is the Connie. Divine domestic deviation. Connie is your inspiration. A lonely leader
in the fighting love. This is the Connie we trust. Divine domestic deviation. Connie is
your inspiration.
Divine domestic deviation. uses her cuteness inkatine. 표현
And I don't know. You have successfully accomplished your tasks, Anthony Carbonari. You gave your








You've assembled an interocitor, a treat of which few men are capable.
Tell me, Exeter, why should a communication device be equipped with a new toothbrush?
I don't know, and I don't want to know.
What exactly is a new toothbrush?
You okay?
And you?
Do you like a new...
Mutant, a treat of which few men are capable.
Where are we going?
To a planet we call Metaluna.
Metaluna?
Metaluna.
Metaluna?
Metaluna.
Metaluna?
Where are we going?
To a planet we call New Toothbrush.
Is Aegon a planet?
A planet that was once a comet, as you can see.
Why should a destructive ray be equipped with a communication device?
This is a mutant.
We've been breeding them here for ages to do.
I don't want to know.
Is Aegon a planet?
A planet that was once a spacecraft, as you can see.
This New Toothbrush are actually guiding the meteors against us.
All simple dwells in factory.
For.
J.



Of.
The.
Way.
What do you say?
What do you do?
Give me a sign.
I never did the dream.
It's a rule.
These drugs will lock the plant.
I laugh and run away.
What do you say?
What do you do?
Give me a sign.
I never did the dream.
It's a rule.
Two times a week, 20 years, enough.
All the same, I want more of this.
What do you say?
What do you say?
What do you do?
Everything's quite different.
It's a street.
How you do it?
Oh, yes, dear friends, and hello, Dave.
Dave?
Dave?
Dave?
I don't know if I want to go to that planet.
I don't know if I want to go to that planet with anybody like Agent Dobbs or Connie.
We trust you.
The band we were just listening to, by the way, was Zero Defects.
They're from Akron?
Akron?
Or some of them are from Akron.
Kent.
Oh, Kent.
Kent, yes.
Yes, Jimmy Image is in that band, and they will be at X Day.
Oh, cool.
Well, the one at Wisteria that starts in there.
Only a week.
Only a few more days.
Yeah, yeah.
Just a few more days.
A few more days, and everything will be just fine.
But just think of who, what, and when and where you're crusading for.
These people are not worthy of it.
I mean, just think of Dobbs, and think of Connie.
These people are terrible people.
No.
They can't tell the truth.
They don't know which reality they actually are in at which time.
They're terribly forgetful and cause all kinds of problems with those around them.
They argue incessantly about very, very, very strange things that most people can't understand.
Speak for yourself.
Well, that's just the impression I got.
It was a brilliant reading.
Oh, subgeniuses.
That describes most of the subgeniuses out there, doesn't it?
Angry, forgetful, sleepy, dumpy, hazy, dopey.
Yeah.
Did you say stumpy?
Yeah.
Yes.
That's at least four of them.
But, you know, they've got a lot of ball.
Dave, I have to do credits.
Besides zero.
Defects, which we just heard.
You know, that album of theirs has like 40 songs on it that are all 20 seconds long.
I thought the amino acids did quick songs.
Anyway, this island toothbrush was put together by Reverend Sweetness McGee of Ministry of Slack,
which is another subgenius show, but it's a podcast.
So you can look on our website to find that, subgenius.com.
Sister Connie was by the great Saint and Helen a Handbasket, and I don't know where they are either.
The Connie commercial, the actual commercial with the actual Connie Dobbs speaking,
was submitted by Onan Canobite.
The collage, there's that Connie, was by The Large.
The trailer accident involved the Firesign Theater, Radio Hour, Hour Number Two.
Let's Go Visit Bob was by Reverend Sweetness McGee, also of Ministry of Slack.
At the very beginning, The Large did the titles,
Cardinal Taper did a very short collage right after the titles.
And you know, Dave, The Agent and Mr. Dobbs,
that's going to be all out of whack for the listeners in WCSB Cleveland,
because we played part seven, the ending, tonight.
But next week, we'll be live with Dr. Howell and you, and hopefully Dr. Sinister,
and then we'll be gone for X Day in Starwood.
And then it's going to be reruns.
Hour of Slack number 311 and 312 are reruns.
They're appropriate for that.
But then 1313 has Agent and Mr. Dobbs Part Six.
This is Hour of Slack 1314.
So you see, the internet listeners and the ones on the other stations will hear them in order,
as will all of those who are ruptured onto the escape vessels of the sex goddesses.
But that's only the saved subgeniuses on the true X Day.
That's only about 4%.
That's only about 40,000 or 50,000 people.
The rest of the world will be doomed never to hear that story in order.
Well, they will, of course, in the complementary dimensional realities that exist,
because just like Burroughs' excellent corpse,
not the one that's currently going around as a book,
but the actual excellent corpse of tiny pieces of things stuck together.
Exquisite corpse, do you mean?
The exquisite.
Yes, exquisite corpse.
Exquisite corpse.
Exquisite corpse.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Obscene corpse.
It's all strung together loosely like pieces of flotsam and jetsam
and distributed equally amongst the poor and the rich alike.
So we see when Burroughs descends from heaven, you know,
like in the Beatnik movies where he used to come down,
then Bob comes up and rudely pushes him out of the way,
punches him in the stomach and calls him an old farty pants.
Then he begins to weep bitterly.
Things have been bad lately.
Things have gotten worse.
Get even in heaven.
That's the only place where you can play it, man.
Oh, Nan said that, actually.
I got a package from her.
On the back of the package, it said,
Get even in heaven.
And I thought, well, that would make more sense if it was get even in heaven
or if it was get Evan in heaven.
It just didn't read right, you know?
I think it's probably the thing in the middle of your forehead acting up again.
And I think sometimes when that thing's out of alignment, you need to,
Oh, I hope not.
just sit down for a little while.
And, you know, I've noticed lately there have been a lot of realities colliding.
A lot of, like, shapes that kind of look like the thing in the Bob room there in the story.
The little animal-like thing was kind of like, or not an animal, but a machine kind of like.
There have been some realities colliding for some people.
Not everybody has that problem, Dave.
Well, we couldn't say.
Sure, if we were truly epistemologically correct,
the scientific method wouldn't prefer any one group of life to another one.
They would just assume until proven incorrect or correct,
they were all just sort of batty-whistling poppycocks.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, watch your language.
Watch them.
Watch them languages, boy.
Watch the fur on the lip there, buddy boy.
Hey, uh.
Squirrels are out tonight.
Let's see.
Princess Wee is here tonight, as you can hear.
Wee.
Yes, I am here tonight.
To win some laughter.
At least some portions of my brain are here,
the ones that aren't concentrating on the Starwood Festival.
Making Starwood.
Making Starwood.
It's a lot harder to make Starwood than it is to make X-Day,
even though they're in the same place.
Yes.
Near Athens, which we visited, by the way, on our way to Texas.
And we did a special photo.
We did a photo essay of the environs of Athens and Wisteria Campground,
which is new on subgenius.com,
on the events page,
which I'm looking at right now on our compute tower,
our syntactic device here in the station.
And you know what else it says?
On June 24th, I can say this because I don't stand to make a dime.
On June 24th, there's a subgenius world destruction event in Shanghai, China.
Wee-haw.
Just directly the opposite side of the world from Athens.
Hoon-haw.
Yes, exactly.
After Reverend Shining Path of Least Resistance finishes preaching there,
he can dig his way straight up.
It would be down for him, it would seem.
And it would emerge in Wisteria near Athens, Ohio,
which Athens turned out to be a fun town.
But of course.
Of course, I already knew that because I went to college there, silly.
You went to Ohio U?
I most certainly did.
Oh my God, so did my ex-wife.
I didn't complete it, but I did go there in 1973.
Oh my God.
And it still looks just like my wife.
I was accidentally married to you.
It does look exactly like 1973.
Princess Wee looks like she's from 1973.
And Athens still.
Actually, it looked just to me like Austin, Texas in 1973.
But Austin doesn't look that way any longer.
I saw a recent video from Austin,
and you could tell the people were visibly suffering outside.
They were just talking normally and speaking
and loading up a van full of musical equipment.
And you could tell it was probably 100 and something plus out there.
They had a funny look on their face.
And their bum cheeks were so tight.
I don't mean that in a heterosexual way.
Well, we weren't as far south as Austin,
but we were in Stangsville and Stang County,
which is kind of south of Fort Worth.
And it was about 110 degrees.
You had to run from your car to the church,
which is where my nephew got married.
By the way, we also,
we also,
we also snuck into the bachelor party
that my nephew had with his buds
and other things in the Back 40,
which was kind of scary.
Because the Back 40 is about 600 acres back.
Of wild.
600 acres of wild.
We were expecting to hear a bunch of drunken jocks.
And the funny thing was,
those young fellas,
it was just like when you walk around at X Day.
You expect them to be,
to talk,
to talk and stupid,
but they're talking about life,
the universe and everything.
And how can we,
how can we have slack in a world of the conspiracy?
Of course,
they didn't all use subgenius jargon yet.
Although we're working on that.
We're working on that.
So I have hope for the youth,
the youths of today.
And youths is about all we're going to have at X Day this year,
I think.
The old people are all dying off or getting deaf
or,
or broke or something.
Although Dr.
Lagoon is,
is going to crawl all the way up there.
Dr.
Lagoon has probably will be crawling there with sub body parts donated by
people along the way.
Yeah.
And he's 10 years younger than me.
He's a hardy fellow.
The Reverend Susie,
the floozy and will somehow float there with a priestess Pisces.
And Dr.
Howell will be here in this.
Studio next week.
Dr.
Howell.
Yeah.
That's askdrhowell.com.
Dr.
Dark will be showing his drive fence and we'll have a grind house,
a 24 hour horrible,
horrible,
horrible movies.
Many very worst.
The,
the amino acids will not be there,
but the evolution control committee will and fat free and fat man be.
And I'm going to be a little bit more of a,



and lots of other fat people spelled with a pH and with an F either way,
both at the same time,
Tommy,
me back will be crawling around.
DJ two beans will be having something.
The Duke of Uke,
Andrew,
the impaled and in the background now boron nozzle.
Did I write nuzzle on this?
I did.
I missed.
No,
you didn't call him boron nozzle.
You called him boring.
Nuzzle.
I get all mixed up.
I can't remember.
Well,
perhaps you're having a strange auto erotic fantasies with yourself.
I told you.
Oh,
when did that ever stop,
dude?
Well,
the device and your subgenius is all about.
I know,
but you can,
you can change the climate control,
but just by twisting that thing a little bit,

you can tweak it any way you want.
You could,
you could make it a sunshiny,
beautiful 78 degree day every day for the rest of your life and not give a damn.
All you have to do is just,
just get up there and get in front of the mirror a little bit and move it around and you'll feel the difference.
Did you just say something about my friend reverend and give a damn?
I said he was a disreputable woman.
Israel don't give it.
Didn't give it them.
Franklin Israel didn't give it.
Franklin I didn't give it.
Uh-huh.
Frankly,
he's my buddy on Facebook.
Franklin I don't give a damn.
He and my friend Don Quixote.
And you chased windmills with this lad,
I suppose.
Speaking of windmills,
isn't it that the Cleveland scene has a front page of giant wind turbines,
fictional drawing of them.
But Princess,
we and I had a creepy,
creepy moment driving through town.
We were driving through Texas in the dead of night,
the wee hours of the morning.
Did we already tell the audience about this?
It was like in,
from the highway.
When you kill the birds.
You could see these blinking red lights,
all synchronized or almost all synchronized for as far as the eye can see.
And I'm not exaggerating.
We thought X day had come early.
We really did.
And then Princess,
we figured out it was a wind turbines.
We just couldn't see him.
We could only see the flashing light at the top.
The kept playing and birds away.
Except the birds are attracted to red flashing lights and hamsters to all sorts of little critters get crushed up by those things.
And just think how they lay them out and just endless synchronicity.
One after the other.
Those animals are all going to be killed by each other.
If it's not a wind turbine,
it's going to be some other animal.
Well,
the gloating and the bursting of the birds in the air.
Maybe glad that I still had some hair and I at least belong to the right patriotic front.
The mammals.
No,
me.
The mammals can do as they please.
I hope.
Oh,
that's why I forgot.
You're not really part of that same.
You're not even part of the animal kingdom.
Exactly.
Or I'm,
I am part.
I am a sort of like algae is sort of a plant and sort of an animal like a platypus duck.
My friend,
kind of an equine sort.
I like to ride horses.
My favorite film was exiting the factory factory by Lumiere.
I like the color blue and long walks.
Oh,
nevermind.
Nevermind me.
You're just reading off your own Facebook page,
aren't you?
Yeah,
I'm right.
What's your Facebook page?
Dave,
I was asking the same question a year ago and they,
and finally leg in.
It was,
he goes,
dang,
you sound like an old man talking about Facebook.
You sound like old people that say,
I'm not going to use that dang telephone,
that modern day thing.
So I finally had to give up and join the human race.
Isn't it just a horrific thing,
an awful thing to actually join them.
Oh man.
And all their things,
you know,
their things,
they stand for and stand on like each other.
Yeah.
It's like Yertle the turtle brought to life.
The pyramid,
you know,
in,
in reverse,
it's like the,
the,
oh man,
I can't forget the business model.
I had to,
I was forced to,
it's just dog eat dog.
The rule of the beak of claw nature,
red and green.
Hot dog.
Hot dog.
Hot dog.
It's a mighty,
mighty dog eat dog.
Dog is our Lord.
Hot dog.
To paraphrase the old Firesign Theater guys.
You know,
they still are on the air.
They're doing a podcast.
The Firesign Theater are.
You can hear them new live at thefiresigntheatre.com.
I haven't actually ever listened to one because I've been having so much fun listening to their 41 year old shows.
Yes.
I'm sorry.
I beg.
I beg.
Yes.
Who was it?
Oh,
it was my sister and a friend were talking about how they were,
they were bemoaning how dumb to say a toy given 21 year old was,
or not necessarily dumb,
but naive.
Shall we say they're smarter than anybody my age.
They're just a thousand times less informed.
And our friend pointed out,
well,
21 year old is only 11 years older than a 10 year old.
A 19 year old is only nine years older than a 10 year old.
And I was like,
that really,
that could pop a 25 year old's balloon.
It's like,
what?
I'm only 15 years older than a 10 year old.
But to them,
that seems like a long time.
Now to you or I,
it's just,
if it's a,
it just flew by like nothing.
I was talking to Pappy since it was Pappy's day.
He says it only gets worse.
A day goes by.
Like a half a second,
a month goes by like a minute.
A year goes by like a day.
And it wasn't a very good day either actually.
Well,
just think of all those people in Japan right now.
I think they're kind of wishing a,
you know,
a half life would go like maybe in four months or something.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I guess so.
You know,
keep your fingers crossed,
but it's not,
you know,
your fingers will be a skeletal looking thing by the time,
or it won't be anything,
but calcium deposit.
Well,
my fingers are,
have grown into a cross position,
but partly from lying so much.
Every time I pray to Bob,
you know,
they grow,
the bones have become conjoined.
Well,
if you really want to get that long fingernails,
evil Fu Manchu look,
there's no other way to get it other than to have the distension of your metacarpals and metatarsals,
or whichever ones are in your fingers.
So speaking of Father's Day,
which it won't be anywhere near when most people hear this,
you're a dad,
aren't you,
Dave?
I was,
and I still am.
Yeah,
he still is.
I talked to my grandson on the phone today,
the youngest one,
who's not even a year old.
And he already speaks better than you do.
Well,
he says taco better than I do,
but it's the only thing he can say.
Honestly,
he,
you know,
taco,
taco,
taco,
taco,
taco,
taco.
His pronunciation,
that was excellent.
As far as I can tell.
And I'm from Texas,
so I should know.
The correct pronunciation of taco?
Yeah,
but he's from LA,
so he should know even better.
Now reference tank.
Uh huh.
You told me.
Now who says burrito the right way?
Who says enchilada the most perfectly in the USA,
I wonder?
I don't know.
Ain't,
it ain't me saying it.
It ain't me neither.
I,
I,
I can't say it.
Some people,
Princess,
we gives me a hard time over the way I say envelope instead of envelope.
And orange cause he says ar-ange as if you were from Manhattan or something.
Well,
that's,
Reverend Stang,
you did tell me that I could go on and on and on about Starwood festival because I don't ever stand to earn a single penny.
And it is true.
And you're not a member of the station.
No.
You're a guest.
I am a guest.
And so I'm just going to take this moment by storm and say that there will be,
Reverend Ivan Stang speaking at Starwood Festival.
Wait a minute,
wait a minute,
wait a minute.
You just look.
Now I can't get paid.
And Joost van der Liesch from,
I wasn't actually going to get paid anything.
From Amsterdam.
Well,
he doesn't get paid.

Joost,
Joost,
is a subgenius who teaches neuro-linguistic programming.
Joost,
Joost van der Liesch.
He will be doing a workshop on the neurogram,
a synthesis of the enneagram and a thing that he has devised.
It's called the neurogram.
It has to do with neuro-linguistic programming,
synthesized with the enneagram.
And then we have the punk rock Zen Buddhist priest,
Brad Warner.
Heard earlier in Zero Defects.
Absolutely.
He's the bass player.
Andrea Vitimus,
a hands-on chaos magic author who lives in Berea,
Ohio.
And then we have a church of all worlds,
Oberyn Zell Ravenheart.
And then we have Donald Michael Craig,
who wrote Modern Magic and Halim El Dab,
who is the ethnomusicologist.
The grandfather of Dabs El Dab.
And Harvey Wasserman talking about alternative activism and being his alternative historian.
Harvey Wasserman is the only one who's not making all that crap up.
Was he a gynecologist?
I thought he was a gynecologist.
I would say the same thing to any one of these guys.
They're almost all friends of mine.
And Halim.
Halim's a musician.
He's a composer.
So of course.
He's a fine composer.
He's paid to lie.
All music is a lie.
Only noise is true.
The music is artificial.
Like in the background here,
heard by Sid Redmond.
That's platonic thought.
That's what Plato believed.
He believed that music and speech were the devil,
so to speak.
That they aroused the passions of men and did not quiet them down to the point of being






a yogic state where they could blissfully chop water and then scoop the wood.
Right.
I get that.
I understand that's too late for me or any of us born in this world.
Well, you are wearing the saffron robes of the Church of the Subcontinent.
It's so possible our friend, Littal Mistarsistar, might still have a chance at that level of
purity of experience.
He's like a born Zen something.
He's a Zen.

He's pretty Zen-y.
Yeah, he's pretty Zen-y, all right.
But, you know, most of us, our heads are all cluttered with words and music and images.
Broken chairs.
Picture endless, endless images of naked women with big smiles on their faces.
Of course.
Leaning.
They always seem to be in the same room.
Reruns of those bad scenes in the bus when he started vomiting.
Yeah.
He was vomiting that one day and couldn't get off the bus.

Oh, yeah.
Oh, you were there too.
That's right.
Yeah.
All those days.
Well, there were five of us.
They kept on running the whole scene over and over again for five of us.
Every single day happened to us.
We all puked on that bus.
We were all pukers on that bus forever and ever and ever.
It was pukers all the way down.
Yeah.
I just realized that the Fireside Theater was listening to the old radio show X-1 quite
a great deal.
I don't think it was Mars is Heaven or perhaps the Seventh Order, but one of the episodes
of X-1 has not only Ostman and Bergman, but oh good Lord, that's his name.
Acting in it?
You mean acting in it?
Acting in it?
Phil Ostman?
Yes.
Had those three anyway, or yes, all singing the same notes, so to speak.
Yeah.


They're characterizations, the vocal characterizations of the doctor in the Space Commander, the
kind of bozos-ish robot voice.
Well, just as we grew up on Fireside Theater, they didn't have as much TV as we did, so
they grew up on radio plays.
Hence the fact that they, and later on you, Dave, wrote radio scripts.
You and Psycho Pathfinder.
How come I never did that?
Oh well.
You never did it?
Because there were other things you prefer to do with your left hand.
Now, while I have a chance, that was only eight speakers out of probably seventy speakers
that will be there teaching everything from different styles of drumming and dancing to-
But tell me, is there going to be any speech therapists there?
That's what we need.
For the other-
No, no, no, no.
For the other forty, fifty speakers.
The bands, actually, you know, I've been to twenty Starwoods.
And I have gone to maybe one or two workshops, and those were all involuntary.
Because, remember that time we woke up and they were having the obese people's nude zen
massage?
Oh, you'll never forget that, will you, dear?
Yeah.
But the bands are great.
I've never, I've almost never seen a terrible musician there.
Quite unusual bands, too.
So maybe one Bartek Circle.
Often, like, also in X Day, although that's probably not commercial.
No.
Right.
Right now at X Day we invite especially bad bands at times.
And sometimes they fly in on a helicopter and they are, they pay for their own way to get there.
It's the only way to get rid of the pinks, man.
Well, and also the-
It's audience elimination techniques as exercised by Doctors for Bob.
That's who I ought to put on next.
I just-
All right.
I'm going to just spit out the names of just a few bands.
You bet.
Troubadours of Divine Bliss, Telling Point, Mayan Ruins, More Than Love.
Morticia's Chair, Kenny Kline's Jug Band, Waking Dream, Broccoli Samurai, Elemental Groove Theory, World Collision, Cabinet, and Chicago Afrobeat Project, just to name a few.
Wow.
What a wide, eclectic variety of sounds.
We were hoping you'd think so.
But that is just the very names themselves.
You can tell the genres of the various bands.
It's quite varied.
Thank you, Dave.
Thank you.
And perhaps if you might weigh your whistle in some other way, like the average pecker would, maybe hanging from a tree or shouting at the stars.
Would he though?
Would he?
Truly.
Didn't Einstein's Secret Orchestra play at Starwood every year just about for a long time?
For three years until we decided that we had to be in charge of everything.
Come on.
Even though there were 400 other bands playing there, it was Einstein's favorite orchestra.
The Pufferdome had to be moved to center stage.
I wish I could say more about the Pufferdome.
I hear the Doctors again.
Yeah, it's Doctors for Bob in the background.
We stayed with the bass player of that band, Sterno, who's now in about five other bands.
And he learned how to play the sax from YouTube.
Wow.
And he got a crazy, crazy sax that has the lower keys on the other side from where they usually are.
Yeah, he got a freak sax.
That was gifted to him by a musician friend of his.
Speaking of freak sax, it's better to get your YouTubes from the background than from a foreskin.
I mean, if you're learning how to play it the right way.
Friends, speaking of free slacks, this is the free Hour of Slack ending.
Now, if you need more information about the Church of the Subgenius, which is the...
...the religion this is all about, you can look at subgenius.com.
There's no O in subgenius.
God, I...you know...well, let's not go into that.
And we have to go now.
We have to go.
I'm going to play one last little thing.
I think Ministry of Slack did that's wonderful.
So, Dave, do you have one last thing to say?
Just one?
I would just like to thank all the people...
I said one.
Oh, gee.
That was it.
Geez.
See, now we've got another religion involved.
All right, okay, let's just listen.
I'll turn down doctors and we'll play this.
Ladies and gentlemen, someone once said, Bob's the true democracy.
That's why we in America can smile when we tell the stories of the legendary heroes...
...who helped build our country's great industries and institutions.
Take Bob for a ride.

Bob, for example.
What made us the greatest in the world?
Ask any worker and the answer will be the same.
Bob, the giant whose body was made of pure steel.
They'll tell you Bob made cannonballs by squeezing workers' balls with his fists between his fingers.
Fists between his fingers with his fists.
Balls between his fists.
Hot balls, hot fingers.
Fists, fists, fists, balls, fingers.
Fists, fingers, fists.
Fists, balls, fingers.
Fingers, fingers, fingers.
Molten steel.
Hot steel.
Hot, hot, hot.
Steel in his hands.
Rolling the hot steel in his hands.
In his hands.
Hands, hands, hands.
Fingers.
Balls.
Butterballs.
Hot balls.
Hot butter.
Hot butter.
Balls.
Hot man butter.
A legend?
Sure is Bob.
There's a legend in someone who existed only in the
Sonic, Sonic.
To those who have handed down our American folklore.
But Bob is also a spirit.
The spirit of those men who
Sonic, Sonic, Sonic.
Yes it is Bob.
Let's just tell stories of our industries, institutions, and legendary heroes
with a twinkle in our eyes and a teabag on our throats.
And so long as we continue to laugh together as a people,
we will live together as a nation.
Thank you very much.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.







