This is PR. Ready for citizenship.
Hello? Hello? Hello?
It's PR on PR and PR on your radio.
Some people who haven't been civilized properly or socialized properly
do save kitchen chemicals and lab chemicals to use as weapons.
We're all gonna die.
Well, I think we are all gonna die.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
But I think most of us, we're gonna die.
Mm-hmm.
Cancer or heart disease or stroke or many of the d-
PR. Ready for Kansas City.
I often miss the more interesting, richer dynamics of this part of life.
I hope you'll try to squeeze religion into categories of for and white, black and against.
PR on your favorite PR to PR.
It's PR.
Hello?
And in all this world of anguish, he found none to help.
For he fed the captive, clothed the hungry, and comforted the naked.
It's time for
The Self-Genius Power of Swag.
Oh, wow, man.
All right, now, men, I've asked you to meet me at the Banning Home
because we've got a terrible job on our hands.
And it's going to require every bit of courage we've got to see it through.
Whether you can believe it or not, the facts are here and we've got to face them.
A creature that's been alive for over 3,000 years is in this town.
And it's brought death with it.
We've got to run it down.
Bob?
The conspiracy has been trying to squelch abnormality since time began, practically.
It goes so far back and it's so ingrained in our culture
that it's gotten to where the conspiracy leaders don't have to do anything
because it's an endless cycle of normalcy.
It's the exact opposite of what would be natural.
I am now learning to apply creative and corrective procedures
and to do it.




To bring back to normalcy and a state of perfection
any abnormality or imperfection found within any given manifestation of matter,
any given plane, any given depth.
I can easily do anything that I want to do.
I can.
I can.
I'm a winner.
Pursuant to Section 28A, Article 4B, Paragraph 2 of the Internal Security Regulations,
I now hand over to you rejected applicate number 578293BO21.
And so right on his face.
Hey, uh, when am I going to get paid?
Yeah, life sucks.
Yeah, life sucks.
I've had it up to here.
I hate myself.
I hate everyone else.
I'm not done.
Can you hear me?
What the heck is going on out here anyway?
I need to talk to Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.

There are weapons that are simply thoughts, attitudes, prejudices,
to be found only in the minds of men.
Bob.
Bob.

Bob.
Bob.
Bob.


Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Tell me what you think, Bob.


The hour of slack.
The hour of slack.
Tell me what you think of the hour of slack.
Crazy problems, my homeboy.
The hour of slack is amazing.
It's fucking crazy, my homeboy.
This is the best thing that's ever happened to me, my homeboy.
My homeboy.
I'm the fucking eternal son incarnate.
I'm the fucking eternal son incarnate.
Stop for a minute, Bob, my homeboy.
Hello, hello, hello.
Hello.
Hello.
I'd like to welcome you to a normal sounding subgenius forum.
Now you can hear the level, balance, and fair remarks.
This is the editorial of our subgenius staff.
This sounds good.
I think I'll just stay on this side.
Dr. Philo Drummond and, of course, puzzling evidence,
fighting it out for quality control of the airwaves.
There, um, oh, I see, yeah.
Is there a control?
I just have raw volume, but I'm not even, I'm there, but you're not.
That's the kind of spirit we have here.
That's right.
You hear me there?
Yeah.
But you're not there.
It's disconcerting.
So it's somewhere in here.
In where?
Hey, wait a minute.
You can't disassemble the XL5 right here while we're using it.
That's, uh, not in the radio rule book.
I know last time I left the station, I forgot to, uh, uh, padlock the portcullis and heave the log,
which is always very important.
Well, I can't, uh, be expected to remember.
I'm not going to do everything.
I really just started this business as a solo operator.
Otherwise, I was with the old grind for more than 20 years.
Oh, I was quite a young spring then.
It all started back when I was reading the comics when I was just a child.
You know, it's times like this that make me glad I'm a subgenius.
And, uh, uh, a word about the Teneri Code to, uh, talk about what happened.
At the Bacockay Festival.
When chickens squawked, they're doomed.
Now, did you see those weird little ads inside that magazine from the future?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Especially the one for subgenius military.
Uh-huh.
It seems that they have some sort of ad, but let's not judge these future people.
They're too harshly, after all, the meaning of advertising itself might be different in the future.
What about those Viewmaster slides of Dobstown?
I can't find my Viewmaster slide projector.
I still have the slides, but I don't have them.
Oh, that's a shame.
I don't know how you make it.
And maybe, I just realized I might be aware of it.
Did you look for, you know, the last time I saw it, did you look for the big red straps?
Because maybe they were just at the end of the big red straps.
So, yeah, you should be listening to all of this.
I mean, all of the features of the subgum Demi that will be on the musical.
Yes, the delicious subgum chow Demi.
But out there on the Internet, everybody's dancing around the guy.
It's not easy to do this kind of acting.
These gestural kind of acting.
Wait, no, that's not phylo.
That's different than just emoting on a camera.
It's not a tower.
Even on a video cam, to do silent film acting is...
You know, you've heard of three-fisted tales of Bob.
Well, this is six-lipped tales of Connie.
Yeah, now we could all get wound up in a box.








That and nine-inch worms and three-day...
Stubble.
Yeah.
That was something nobody could remember.
Yeah, it's horrible.
What's that?
Everyone's falling apart.
Oh, we were...
On April 1st, because of the weariness of being a star all day, we were forgetting names
like crazy later in the evening.
Yeah, that was crazy.
People and bands.
Crazy, I tell ya.
I remember when we were at that book signing, we were forgetting everything.
We were forgetting everything, folks.
And that was the fun of it, actually.
It was a great little gathering, due to the administrations of...
Oh, geez, I forgot her real name.
Sadie Loon, but her real name for that thing.
Stiglana Harley.
And John Shirley and Michael Pepe.
All three of them giving wonderful rants.
Yes, but it didn't get going until she started, really, which is...
Yeah, when she did that, so she stepped forward and took the ropes in hand and moved the show
out into the new world.
There's the dinosaur.
Wrong.
It's a dinosaur.











And you, too, can be part of this amazing overflow of slack.
Out from the cracks of the chair where goodwill upholsterers maintain a bloodstream level
of froth molecules so high that it doesn't even register on the sleeve scale.
Now, Philo did give some very straightforward answers about how froth only grew on the stools
of certain holy men or so.
Nothing.
Oh, nothing.
And those froth cigs were thick and long and had spatters of brown bloodstains on them.
Yeah, all of the subgenius demigods that had smoked of the froth going into the project.
We're going home.
They had, had they no wonder.
The hard red cherry ate its way towards Connie's vacuuming...
At the bottom of a vortex.
Well, the problem was that Connie couldn't find one shoe that she could use to get her
out of the vacuum.
She really wanted for that outfit.
And it's true, if she could have found it, they were more Connie-like shoes than the
ones that she had.
And what Connie shoes they were.
That's Dr. Howell and Philo Drummond on Puzzling Evidence Show.
And now, Lemur will erase everything.
Listen.
Hello?
Say, look, miss, my friend Bob...
Goodbye.
Bob's going around in circles to give you his version of Star Wars.






And Bob!
Yes, yes, stop, Bob.
Well, here is Bob.
And Bob!
Hey, Bob!
Hey, Bob!
Well, Bob, I forgot to tell you.
Goodbye, Bob.
So long, Bob.
Oh, well, that was easy.
He usually stays until he comes home.


















stays and stays. Yes,
Stop Bob
from Fernanda Nandeli
Murr, who did the openings
and the closings and much in between.
And Norel Pref,
who did Bob
Is My Homeboy, using calls
to the subgenius answer
message phone. We're in
puzzling evidence zone a lot
this show, number 1103,
with recordings from that
hoary KPFA
Berkeley anchor
of Insanity, the puzzling evidence
show. We're getting ready for X
Day, you see, and so we're whipping
through shows in advance,
using these other sub-full
radio shows. Hearing
puzzling evidence, my friends,
is like going back in time,
in that they actually do
have a time machine in the studio.
And then we get to participate
in the old-fashioned radio before
the internet swallows it up.
No, that's not right.
It's our...
And, um, in my backyard
I have a Jesus 3.
And, uh,
I got a Jesus bucket.
I don't have a Jesus 3 on my list of bills here.
And I...
On the way to the beach.
On the way to the beach.
When you're weighing the anchor on the way
to the beach, then you have to
wave and weep at the crowd
when you think of how
you have been betrayed
by the general mass.
How about over here?
Where was he?
Over here in this box?
Yet, still give them some
signal to show that
you are of their own.
Okay, now I'm back.
And we're waiting for the bus.
And there's a dump button in here that you're supposed to press
if you want to take a dump.
Oh.
That makes me take a dump, so...
Where will you take it? That's the question.
For you, tonight.
Take it to the limit, of course.
You know, if you join the church in the sub-genial...
That's under two words.
It's giving me a fuck.
You could be like many other new members
that when you get there, you say,
this is my church.
And we're aiming the show
toward your mind.
It's much like you think
about your gun.
You think about your church.
You say, this is my church.
There are many like it, but this one is mine.
My church is my best friend.
It is my life.
I will master it as I will master my sacred abnormality.
Without me, my church is useless.
Without my church, I am useless.
I must keep my slack true.
I must get more slack than my enemy
who is trying to normalize me.
I must convert him before he converts me.
I will.
Before Bob, I swear this creed.
My church and myself are defenders of this country.
We are the masters of our enemy.
We are the saviors of earth.
So be it until there is no conspiracy,
but slack or death.
This is the voice of the slack alone.
The messenger of dawn.
He who came to earth on that winter's day,
now more than 20 years ago,
to bring the light of the celestial countenance
to the troubled hearts of you.
Dr. Cassino to ICU.
Dr. Cassino to ICU.
Then, in hospitals across the land,

a new generation is born,
gestated by the seed from the cold leeches
of interstellar space.
Sorry, I got to drop the show here, but apparently
what's happening is the doctors,
the old term for referring to the sub-gum PDs,
are on the move.
are on the move against humanity.

Oh, really? Where are they moving to?
Into the subgenius musical, that's what I heard.
Into the subgenius musical, that's what I heard.
I heard that phylogrammin and probably their work
there is a problem.

They're doing a libretto right now, I heard.
By the inexorable laws of evolutionary development.
John Shirley is helping Philo with the libretto.
John Shirley is helping Philo with the libretto.
...supere scientific breathing techniques.
So, watch out for that one, folks.
Pretty soon they'll have an entire opera.
Ultimately, only subgeniuses will be left
Ultimately, only subgeniuses will be left
after the master plan has been enacted.

They can take our instruments and set them
They can take our instruments and set them
as far apart as they want.
I do like Bob.
I do like Bob.
I do like Bob.
I do like Bob.
I like his look.
I like his look.
I read his words.
I got the pamphlet.
I'm waiting for the book.
I'm waiting for the book.
I do like Bob.
I do like Bob.
I do like Bob.
I like his shirt.
I like his shirt.

I like his shirt.
When I'm wearing it,
I like his shirt.
When I'm wearing it,

I've never been hurt.
Bob feels so strongly about Dobby.
for the pinks that rather than wear a hair shirt, Bob is much spiffier than that, he
wears polyester shorts so he can receive the fullness of polyester that plagues the life
of pinks and understand their problems more fully. Bob's compassion is as infinite as
his handicap. Bob itches for your sins. Does that help him with his stench? The stench
of Bob is a psychophantasmagoric aura of odor which fills the seven continents and
twenty seas. Most human beings cannot withstand the glory of this Bob. Only when the third
nostril has been properly opened by the necessary corrective administration of green energy.
I do like Bob. I like his shoes. I like his shoes. And when I'm with him.
You know I never
walked a blue.
Bob will return all on his own.
Bob is coming. Bob is coming.
Speaking as the Pope of New York, whose power at its most minimal equals the Pope of the
Holy City of the Vatican, is proven by the fact that I am not, in fact, infallible. I
have the power to fail and fail often. Let me point out to you that the Roman Catholic
Church specializes in suicide.
Very important.
And not only suicide but suicide with guilt. We suggest you open yourself to the living death in life. That is the infinity fulsomeness of, excepting of, Bob.
I do like Bob. But I never want his job.
Through subversive measures, Devo passes on the word of Bob by a
man named Bob.
If you take a look at our last album cover, his name has been airbrushed into the rubber hairlines of each of the band members.
Right next to the word sex.
Do Bob and sex go hand in hand?
Well, Bob is a kind of total all-consuming sex.
There's nothing like some men and no. There's nothing more than what you know.
About the only slack that I get anymore is worshipping at the Holy Temple of the Yoni.
Tell us about that.
What's that?
I'm sure your audience knows what the Holy Temple of the Yoni is.
Bob here been pulling off all them crimes.
Really? I know Bob. Bob tough. Bob bigger. Bob modest. Bob fine.
Shit. That's Bob.
Oh, so it is.
He's a bad one.
I don't think he's so bad.
They tried to say Bob was Bob.
I'll be seeing ya, sucker.
Youth was on the rampage.
I'm gonna ride in your car, mister.
Keep your mouth shut and forget about Bob.
In the meantime, I have secure positions in the hierarchy with guarantees of bonuses at the end of the trail.
I represent the right wing arm of the Church of the Genius.
Oh yeah.
The right wing arm?
The slack squad.
Yeah, the seven braided wind laker.
We have that, but that includes me, myself, and many, many, many others of myself as well.
Many of your me shows banded together.
But I'm also pink.
Wow.
So you claim once again your ancient genetic heritage?
I worship the owl god, President Bush.
It's a great scene up there.
Your bludgeon is prophetic and profitable.
Oh, how is this dish?
Is it got good music in it?
So you're up there with the big guys, huh?
Prescott Bush is the most evilest man in the world.
It wasn't Aleister Crowley.
No, it wasn't.
It was Bush.
No, the younger Bush is more evil than the older Bush.
I bought this, put it in the player, started to listen, and immediately pulled the movie off the shelf.
He's the most evil person that ever existed.
Except in his house, nobody.
Oh, it's a wonderful...
It was great in the theater to see this.
In his house, they all try to be equally evil.
He's the most evil.
He is.
Where is that Korean movie?
I think it's at Embark.
When the Bushes get home, they all, like, compete to see who can be the most evil.
Like, you know, they torture dogs before dinner and burn cats after dinner and stuff like that.
You know who tortures dogs or did was Rudy Giuliani's wacky wife.
Well, I don't know who they are, but all I know is they're just evil evil.
And I have to say, you know...
It's true.
Clam up and let me clobber them.
Front-running Republican presidential candidate Rudy Giuliani's wacky wife worked for dog mobiles.
According to extended records, Judith Giuliani once demonstrated surgical products for a controversial medical supply company that used dogs, which were later killed, in operations whose only purpose was to sell equipment to doctors.
In other news, Nazi Ken Gall mauls zombies.
The American administration invades lower Berkeley.
Ladies and gentlemen, let me tell you, I came here to do something.
And I think the top of our list is provided for the safety and security of terrorists.
The world has spoken and said the president's policy is a failure.
It is huge.
And no amount of fun can fix it.
Arbitrary Bloody Summer lies ahead.
The world's Soviet mass derisor bar is the arbitrary timetable for withdrawal.
The world's Soviet mass derisor bar is the arbitrary timetable for withdrawal.
The world's Soviet mass derisor bar is the arbitrary timetable for withdrawal.
What we found is that governments are using, it seems.
The United States has been a serious human rights violator and has, in fact, led the events of 9-11.
Well now I show these signs in the heavens and signs in the earth.
Bloodbentures from the earth. Right now. events of 9-11. fig 2. 21 1988 Jesus 옷ここ.我觉得这些是故意的。
My light to the sky, rebuke me!
The children of heaven and the angels from hell
are among me, spreading lies and deception.
I'm still worried about mankind's sensory organs and apparatuses
not growing quickly enough,
and I'm still worried about spontaneous organ enlargement.
I suppose I'm alone in that.
No, Dave, we all worry about that,
but what can you do about it, you know?
So you're just saying it's just like war, death, disease,
vestal insulin, impairment?
Yeah, right. What you gonna do?
What you gonna do?
What you gonna do?
Eh.
Eh.
That's what it comes down to. Eh.
What you gonna do?
Hello, you're on the air.
Hey, what's going on?
Not much.
What you gonna do?
They are schizophrenic, paranoid, and psychotic,
but they are not in mental hospitals.
They are in the hospital.
The president, the vice president,
the secretary of state, the CIA,
and Oxford.
Suck my toe, you pink-eared, crew-cut, mall zombie.
What?
I laugh at your yearbook pictures, you twerp geeks.
But, but, but...
What about the Mormons?
I don't know. Where are they?
Oh, they're there.
The Catholic Church.
The Muslims.
What about them?
Just wait here a minute, and I'll see if I can find them.
Why do we need caffeine-free anything?
The protest against being the modern man.
Modern man.
Jesus, Jesus, Jesus.
Don't ask me to figure out it.
Jesus!
Don't ask me again.
Hey, baby.
Well, so much for that.
Yeah.
As long as...
Well, never mind.
Yeah, basically what it amounts to is they will...
Nowadays, they will kill you.
Literally kill you.
If you use one tiny sample of their...
the conspiracy's material.
Yeah, technically.
Because the conspiracy owns everything,
you're going to die.
Right.
Well, technically...
Dave was saying it's not fair.
He's right.
It's not fair.
The conspiracy...
I was shaking on our...
Set it up.
In a way that wouldn't be fair.
The house always wins.
And that's why everyone in the world must come to Bob
and unite under a common front against all commonality.
Yeah, theoretically, like...
You know, every time we play a PSA with a snippet of music in it,
you know, even if we only use like half a second of that,
we technically owe royalties.
Right.
We technically have to report that.
Yeah, technically.
We technically have to report that.
Really, in a way, like I say, it's up to the judge.
But really, there's no such thing as fair use.
It's not fully defined.
Right.
Does anybody understand how the term royalties came about?
We're actually paying a pagan monarchy from another space
to extrude our corpus callosum, our thoughts, our brain areas,
they're actually taking our life's blood and sperminating.
And copyright trademarking it.
We're involved in the Royal Institute of Artists.
They trademark our blood cells themselves under their own name.
They stamp every cell with a little tiny logo.
Oh, there are companies that own patents on jeans you carry in every cell of your body.
Right.
The conspiracy owns every cell.
If anybody owes anyone royalties, they owe us royalties
for patenting the jeans that we have.

We had first.
Our birthright.
Our inheritance.
Our genetic inheritance.
They owe us royalties for that.
Our genetic inheritance.
Our birthright.
We get royalties.
We're jolly, Prince Harry.
We don't have to go to...
I want a dime.
I want a dime.
...in several places.
I want a dime for every person who gets treated with some genetic therapy
that's based on a gene that I have in my system.
I want $1,000 for every time a rich guy gets cold when I sneeze.
But don't be all this rich.
I'd like a rodent hair for every time I think about a rodent.
You know, if I sneeze and somebody and a bunch of people around me get sick,
don't they owe me some sort of a royalty?
Actually, well...
That was my disease, not theirs.
That's another difficult legal question.
Who owns whose disease?
I think that's back to commonality and fish head skulls.
I have my own pet virus.
I get to pet and name her.
You have your own?
I have my own pet virus.
Oh, I thought you had a patent.
I get to pet and name her.
Well, that's a patent name.
Is it like Little Sinister Deanna or something?
You get to pet the virus, you say?
I was actually quoting Nirvana.
Oh, figure.
It's a song.
It's a really nonsensical song and one of my all-time favorites, actually.
I should know that song.
You actually have one in a box.
My cat.
My kids were still in school when that band was around.
Yeah, it was called...
It was never on the radio.
It was...
The thing with their Nirvana albums that came out and that were popular is
usually, like on Nevermind and In Utero,
those are the two studio albums that sold lots and lots of copies.
I believe sold lots of copies after he killed himself.
Not that I ever listened to them.
Yeah, I was thinking...
It's the second half is better.
...a night dropper, you know?
I find that Side B is better.
Oh, it always is.
Yeah.
Because it gets the most...
You know, the heat is the greatest on the other side.
But they generally, like, play Side A on the radio.
Well, this is a Side A planet.
We're all going to have to get used to it until things change with a big C.
You know where they put us?
Side C.
Yeah.
We've been forced to choose A or B.
Choose C.
Wouldn't that be horror of all horrors when the exes came and we were condemned to the holds of the ships,
of the various ships?
Well, some say that our brains will just be put in jars
and we'll be sort of like the batteries for the spaceship.
Oh, look at that.
By the way, they've been saying that since long before that Matrix movie came out.
There's a lot of gambling involved in your church there, Stangy.
Well, there's gambling involved any time you're talking about eternal life.
I suppose.
It could be eternal bad life, you know.
As long as it's not just total extinction like you all seem to be.
Eternal life, thanks, you can keep it.
No, it's only total extinction for those who deserve it.
Honestly, like, there are days when I feel like I've had enough already.
I don't think I could handle eternal life.
But you're only 12 years old.
Why would you want to think like an elderly woman?
I am not 12 years old, thank you.
The less life you have left, the more public you are.
You're a decently elderly person, but I mean, you know, you're not an elderly person is what I'm trying to say.
Why would you say that to yourself?
Well.
Everybody has days when they feel like they've had enough.
I know.
When my son was five years old, he had a particularly bad day and he looked at me and he said,
Dad, I'm having a bad life.
Yep.
You know, this is what we feel.
Doesn't matter how young you are or how old you are, you know, you can feel anything and it's just as real.
Consider this a subliminal massage.
We have to wait for nowhere more than ten years for lightly
Will just want to leave a bossy little oscar In a trash can.
There's a chap called Max.
He's got a lot of attitude in you.
It's not hard being a bossy little oscar.

If somebody owns a luxury building, let that be a macho man.
They don't do a got a warskins business.
What are you doing that?
Leaning over.
Into you now
Into you now
Into you, my people
Before I should ever decide
To trust anyone else
I will trust myself
For us
And Bob loves us
Into you now
Into you now
Into you now
Into you, my people
You're lonely and you're lost
You're blind
You need a seeing eye, Bob
Jose, can you see
The bombs bursting in the air?
They promise not to hurt civilians
But sometimes they're just there
They keep a star out of the engine


Ooh, ile sounds
Oh rectangle
Sing smash
Oh rectangle
Oh rectangle
Oh rectangle
Oh rectangle
A giant beam above me
Oh, it's about to set because you're bewitched
Before I should ever decide to kill anyone else
I will kill myself for Bob
And we love Bob
Enter you now
Enter you now
Enter you now
Enter you my people
Chasers in the sky
Chasers in the sky
Nothing makes a lasting impression
You can stand on the surface of a globe
Bearing all before your maker
Stripped of your clothing
Proud of your work
Prosthesis and dental work
But as the planet spins away
Does a mere being make an imprint in space?
Nothing, nothing makes a lasting impression
Benignity is not matter
But it behaves like an energetic fluid
The Psychoskeletons did that song called ADHD
And before that some clips from WCSB's Radio Synesthesia
With host Dr. Sinister
Caller Slonsome Cowboy Dave
Governor Rocknar
Yours truly and others
Before that collages from the 1982 subgenius Media Barrage
What? What?
Crippled by these events
Yes?
Waited for the first sign of an invasion from outer space
That would be the amino acids
Which is who we're hearing in the background friends
And they will be playing at the X Day Festival coming up July 5th
Until the world ends
Anyway friends from the old subgenius media barrages
We heard Glass Madness singing I Do Like Bob
And Mark Mothersbaugh at the 1981 World Subgenius Convention
Also we heard back then George Bush bashing collages
By referend Norrell Preff
Puzzling evidence and Leemur
And more Leemur now
Wax the Johnson Wax
Johnson's Wax Wax Wax Wax
Leather goods
Cream cream the ticket the ticket
Oh well
That's pretty good Johnny
But that ain't the way I heard it
Well split my lip and call me chappy
Here's a pretty pickle
Here pussy pussy pussy pussy
Here pussy pussy pussy pussy
Here pussy pussy pussy
Here pussy pussy pussy
Here pussy pussy pussy
Here pussy pussy pussy
Hypercrit McGee
The caniest connoisseur of culture that ever calmly called a card
On current camera crap
Candidly cussing the crummy quality of clumsy creations
And continually causing chorus cuties to cry
By composing cruel and cutting comments
Calmly cracking the conceit of countless corny clowns
By constantly clunking course comedians over the conch
With critical cabbages, cantaloupes, cauliflower and cobblestones
And curdling the condensed dream of common kindness
From the carnalble concessions of Kankakee
To the let's go to the show Mrs. McGee
Truth is fiction
And this is
Be Horned Peanut
H.B. Applegate of Oglala, Nebraska
Really wanted to find out how the fish were biting
She bit off her own tongue
Be Horned Peanut
Pierre Loti on the occasion of his initiation ceremony
As a member of the French Academy in 1892
Was an author
Be Horned Peanut
In a moment I'll tell you the frightening story
Of the man who fell from revealing a conspiracy
And died insolvent
During World War I
Lieutenant Makepeace, a Canadian flying officer
Fell from revealing a conspiracy
And died insolvent
Be Horned Peanut
Hit it Leopold
You keep saying you got something for me
Something you call
Something you call

The soft genius
Power of
The soft genius
Power of Learn
Teach
Talk
Parece

The worldAn Wing of Thoth
Ma Wha Thath Ma fath
TheDOld Man

Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
But we're just going to have to set up rick videomakers


Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much, all of you.
Thank you very much, all of you.
Nancy and I have illegitimate births and abortions no less than four times.
I know that you've been horrified.
Illegitimate birth or abortion.
Well, let me state the case as briefly and simply as I can.
Last year, I let our children discriminate against religious speech.
I want you to know that, in addition, the other day, I've watched TB preach the supremacy of the state,
pontificating on our error, pornography, a pornography,
an enormous and unparalleled military,
buildup, pornography, religion, and morality
are the focus of evil in the modern world.
Phenomenology of evil that proceeds from supernatural ideas.
All of Judeo-Christian tradition is wrong.
The greatest evil superstitions, superstitions, superstitions.
The evidence of this permeates our history and our government.
Someone asked me whether I was aware.
Well, sometimes you can't.
Don't say that.
America is in the midst of another sad, bizarre chapter in human history
with global desires, global desires.
One recent survey by a Washington-based research council concluded
that Americans were simple-minded.
And I had to say, and yes.
And another study has found that an overwhelming majority of Americans
approve of adultery, teenage sex, pornography, abortion, and hard drugs.
We must be governed by tyrants.
The legacy.
The legacy of evil.
Washington-based bureaucrats making mistakes.
The legacy of evil.
The West is indifferent to bombs or rockets.
Bombs or rockets.
To subsidize the federal government.
Very dangerous fraud.
Very dangerous fraud.
Very dangerous.
This administration is motivated by bigotry and prejudice.
The United States states impulses of an evil empire,
declare its omnipotence over individual man,
and predict its eventual domination of all peoples on the earth without God.
And that's enormous progress right there.
Government schemes are going to perfect man.
Morality is entirely subordinate to the interests of class war.
And everything is moral that is necessary for the annihilation of the old exploiting social order
and for uniting the proletariat.
Thank you for your racism, anti-Semitism, or other forms of ethnic and racial hatred in this country.
You.
You.
You.
Evangelicals are known for your infanticide or mercy killing.
Abortion on demand?
I've watched girls well below the age of consent.
And I had sex with underage girls.
So I urge you to subsidize the federal government.
To subsidize totalitarian darkness.
Heaven's gate.
Hard drugs.
Communism is great.
Communism is good.
Get up.
Get up.
Grow up under communism.
As good Marxist Leninists, I have been driven many times.
How?
There's something wrong.
How do I get this subgenius?
How do I get this subgenius?
Subgenius.
And smooth cheeks.
Freedom prospers when religion is subgenius.
This brings me to my final point today.
Mount up with subgenius.
Sex.
Real, purely physical thing with no potential.
Think.
A living entity.
Human life.
How?
There's something wrong.
How do I get this subgenius?
He kind of associates us with anti-government, anti-technoplastic culture sleaze.
Anti-boring fart humor.
Well, that makes sense.
It's the not-you-Gary world.
And yet we just dive back down into the toxic wastes.
And dredge up more pearls of wisdom.
I am conceiving.
So let's talk some plain truth.
Bob lives.
Alien beings are all around us.
Watching our every move.
There is a conspiracy of unimaginable proportions working solely to rob you of your very abnormality.
Absolutely.
The president, any president, is a Bolshevik clone.
It's no joke.
Russia, nevertheless, has been taken over by demon-possessed Christians.
Utter stupidity can make you rich.
Your own evil ghost twin is standing beside you right now.
There is no reason.
There is a hollow earth inside this planet which holds an advanced race of super-creatures and humans from before the Ice Age.
Long before the history of man.
They have to be stopped.
And this is just the surface.
The tip of the iceberg.
One drop in a billion buckets of the blood of subgenius martyrs everywhere.
Hell, all I can say is this.
My offspring, let's call them duplicate girl X squared.
Will be in the high school graduating class of 1998.
Now you may think 98 has come and gone.
And yet we here at the Church of the Subgenius simply believe that 98 hasn't properly arrived yet.
That's a very interesting theory.
And that was one that you were giving out at the City Lights book signing.
That's right.
Proof of that is because the X's haven't arrived.
So we must have gotten the time wrong.
For a while I was seeing that.
But I dropped that theory.
Not exactly the same.
Are you one of the new centurions that believe in the hundred years theory?
Well I thought that since they said it would happen, maybe it had happened somehow.
That we weren't able to apprehend.
No, no, no.
That would imply all kinds of dogmatic excursions.
That would be horrible.
Isn't that what you're saying?
Horrible to contemplate.
I'm just saying that we'll keep doing it until we get it right.
And then they will come.
And when they come, it will be 1998.
Now that may happen in 2008.
And if so, so be it.
And is that how we're going to deal with it?
In 2008 it will be the tenth anniversary.
That's right.
It's going to be, well not just 2008, it will be the tenth anniversary this year.
This year is X Day 10.
Or 10 X Day.
But that doesn't mean, that's like saying zero is one.
Well now these are of course equidities to be discussed by theologians and philosophers.
Plain and simple men such as ourselves.
Let's speak for yourself there.
I'm stupefied by this.
Plug your fixture.
Everyone's on TV all the time or on the radio.
Why don't you guys just plot this stuff geographically on a map?
Oh you did, okay I see.
National Osogeographic.
We're waiting for you to pick up your phone.
With our legs crossed, our eyes crossed, we're focusing right now on the internet.
We're focusing right now on the internet.
We have the internal mandala coming from the proximity of our third nostril.
Yeah here it is.
We're breathing deeply.
What's up?
You're, hello, you're on the air.
How's it going Senator?
It's Ragnar.
Man, here we are.
I know, I know, here we are.
There seems to be no end, no dissolution of the problem.
What's it to be then?
What's it going to be then, eh?
There was me and my 12 droogs, Archie, Fred, Stinky, Werewolf and Hector.
To name the others would be a joke.

We were sitting around the Brushwood fire trying to make up our rezudogs what to do with the evening.
But it was a psychic calamity of great proportions to a lot of, uh...
It was an awakening I think.
We have more of those scheduled for this year's X Day.
More awakenings scheduled?
More terrible thunderstorms and rainstorms. It's just that we can't schedule exactly when.
It never fails. It never fails. There's always at least one horribly rainy day.
Right. There has to be.
My favorite are actually the sickenings.
Many people like to, you know, dip their feet in the water, so to speak, to see what's on the other side.
I enjoy the actual sickenings.
Oh, you know, sickenings are a great part of X Day.
I mean, I remember 2X Day when I just jumped right into the sewage moat.
That sickened many people.
It did. But it didn't sicken me really.
Right.
Even when I took a bite of that raw sewage seaweed.
That's not sewage.
By the way, in that pond at all.
People talk about the day Stang was dunked in the sewage or when Ragnar bravely devoured all the sewage.
But actually, that's just the way a normal, natural, stagnant pond smells.
But I thought the...
The sewage goes deep, deep, deep into the groundwater.
Not that surface mud.
The little frogs and the lake monsters live in there.
The frogs that sound like rubber bands?
Healthy.
The mineral content actually of the artesian spring under the actual pond itself has been found to be 99.9% pure.
Right. And remember, brushwood is a convergence of ley lines carrying deep geothermic magical content.
It's a holy place.
Which is why people get so horny when they're out there.
Yeah. It has a lot of organ energy.
It's both holy and H-O-L-E-Y. Holy, too.
Yeah.
There's a little...
Yeah.
And plus the constant native drumming tends to, you know, get people feeling romantic.
If you're not ready for the drumming...
Or animalistic, rather, I should say.
If you're not ready for the drumming, it's going to drive you insane at night trying to sleep.
No. Well, you know, that never bothered me.
I just would fall asleep dreaming of blondes being sacrificed to giant gorillas.
The PC subgeniuses in San Francisco were amazed.
To hear that there were actual matings between subgeniuses and pagans out here at Brushwood.
That there were even yeti children breeding true along the correct lines according to exact instructions of the Bob and Connie almanac.
And you subgeniuses here, there's, by the way, there's nothing wrong with using sex to recruit other cult members and deprogram.
That's all right.
But don't...
I mean, you can have sex with anything you want.
And I do mean anything.
Even if it involves somebody else besides you.
But don't create little half-human, half-subgenius things.
Don't get them pregnant.
Girls, don't get those subgenius boys pregnant.
Don't miscegenate, friends.
It's so sad to see the...
You know, we've fallen so far from our yeti incestors.
We've watered down the one true family of the yeti.
Which were called Smith, by the way.
That was their name.
So go ahead and use the humans.
But don't miscegenate.
Don't get one pregnant.
Don't get impregnated by one, boys.
You don't want to produce one of those half-subgenius things.
Not beast.
Not man.
But thing!
To quote Bela Lugosi.
The half-breeds are so lonely.
I feel so sorry for the one-penis.
Especially the females.
That's a little rough.
And that doesn't sound too good to the polished ears of the liberals and the modernists.
So they soften it down, you see.
And of course they would read that verse.
Let God be true and every man be an untruth in a measure to a degree by chance in my opinion, they'd say.
Yeah, let's soften that because somebody might get offended.
Yeah.
But the Bible says let God be true and let every man be a liar.
Truth is fiction.
And this is The Orbit Leenock.
Reb Frommer did not speak a word or utter a sound for 30 years.
Of course his special achievement was obviously that he was his own brother-in-law by one-sixth of a vote.
The Orbit Leenock.
Here's a real brain teaser for you.
Did you know that if all the Chinese in the world were to march 2,000 miles to Prince Edward Island, they would never march forever and ever?
The Orbit Leenock.
In a moment I'll tell you about a general small feat.
When General Eisenhower was born October 14th, 1890, he marched.
The Orbit Leenock.
From Leemur and Media Barrage, subgenius CBs of yore.
And the sermon at Starwood 2006.
And Norrell Preff doing Ronald Reagan.
And for more information, friends, check out subgenius.com.
That's where you can learn everything about this show, the Hour of Slack, and the Church of the Subgenius.
But now a song or something from a new doctor, Reverend Graves, dedicated to the New York judge who decided Bob was as bad as the devil.
Judge Punch.
Genius.
Why a goat?
He's a genius.
Prey stop, prey stop.
Prey stop, prey stop.
And the judge said,
Fuck that.
Prey stop, prey stop.
Fuck that.
Why a goat?
Why?
Goat, goat.
The judge.

And the judge said, kids are no good for Bob.
Prey stop, prey stop.
And the judge said, kids.
Prey stop, prey stop.
Why Bob?
Prey stop, prey stop.
Goat, why a judge?
He's a genius.
Fuck that.
Prey stop.
Goat, goat, goat.
Prey stop.
Why a, why a, goat?
Why a judge?
Now, um, can I relay a crazy ex-daydream that I had?
Like about a week or so ago?
Oh, it'd probably be a lot better than anything that really happens at ex-day.
Yeah, it, it should be.
Okay, so, there's this, so, there's this one little, uh, degenerate gambler where I work.
You know, his name's Billy, and, and he was wanting me to take him to ex-day.
I'm like, okay, Billy, I'll take you to ex-day.
And Billy has a card table set up right outside Brushwood.
And I don't, you know, I've never seen him before, but somehow I knew Michael Alcandor was sitting at our card table.
And he was playing poker with, with all of us.
And then, uh, out of a, you know, it was a bright day, and then it just turned really, you know, dark, and thunderstorms started coming.
And then rain started hitting us.
And then I just got this crazy idea.
And I, I just started, you know, it just, it just, it just felt so good to do this.
And I just started pretending like I was having a seizure.
And I just said, Billy, I need my pills.
You're what, buddy?
I need my pills, my water pills.
Bam!
And I just start punching Michael Alcandor right in his face.

And I just start repeatedly punching him.
Pow!
Pow!
And then come to find out people had been videotaping it and posting it on YouTube.
And they told me that it was the funniest thing that they had ever seen.
Brocknar, that wasn't a dream.
That really happened last year.
And you're facing charges for assault, aren't you, next week?
Oh, that's right!
Oh, damn it!
I knew, oh, you know what?
These are impressed memories.
You wish that was a dream.
They just keep coming back on you.
No, it's, it's something they can't erase.
It's, um, it was an actual occurrence.
Oh, so it did get posted to YouTube.
Oh, okay.
Right, yeah, yeah.
You can look, just search Brocknar punching Alcandor.
You remember you had, you had marks on your hands and swelling for a week after.
That wasn't a hallucination, was it?
I, I wondered where that came from.
Now!
This Alcandor person he's referring to would not be familiar to anybody outside of the
subgenius forum alt.slack.
And I guess the, uh...
I'm not sure if you're familiar with that, uh, IRC chat, but he was a racist, or it's
the pseudonym of some insane racist fellow who, uh, well, he's not just a racist.
He basically hates everything except certain types of food.
So I envision him as a really large person because of that.
But, uh, he, for, for years, uh, posted hateful stuff to the subgenius website.
Can you imagine that?
He's not saying mean things on a, on a sweet religious forum like that.
Oh, the, the nerves, I'll say.
But, uh, but he, he, he felt that the subgenius was a front for satanic Masonic Jews, which
I thought was kind of a strange combination that you don't usually get all of those...
Yeah, all three in one.
That's the trifecta.
That's the trifecta, baby.
In many ways.
Yeah.
But, uh, and he was very agitated about it.

He was very agitated about all of this.
We, he was kind of a classic case, in fact.
And that's, that's who Rocknard's referring to.
We've actually never, we, I, we suspect that the guy's not real at all, but, uh, some artificial
bot, an artificial intelligence program that posts generic crazy man stuff.
Yeah, I could probably, I could, yeah, I could expand on that, on that a little bit.
He, he, she, it, whatever, uh, actually is a program.
It's an op.
And, uh, op...
Op and a program have become singularalized into one unit, and he, that's what he does.
He goes to every cult or messianic or off-string half-wit group that...
That's us.
...he encounters through the bugs, and so, well, he, not he, the program filters through
and, uh, harasses them in various different ways to elicit different responses, and then
they go from there.
It's just like a startup.
It's not really the end game, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
It's just kind of like keeping an eye on things by just causing trouble and seeing
what happens.
Like he'll, he'll, uh, he'll go to person A and say that B said something about
him, and then he'll go to person B and say that A said something about him, and get the
two fighting and just sit back and watch everything unfold, kind of.
Well, the main...
Well, you're describing the KPFA subgenius show.
Oh.
Philo's, uh, way of working that.
No, those are real people, though.
Well, some of them are.
Yeah.
Some of them are real people.
Well, not real.
Some of the time, some of them are real people.
I mean, actual human form entities, so...
Yeah, and even when they're recordings, they're, or computers, they're based on somebody who
was once alive.
But Arkenbark is not.
Arkenbark is solely a program op.
Are you sure about that?
Because...
I'm positive, because his, his, his, its name comes up in other, um, activities.
Some of the more sheltered people felt, felt that he was, uh, more of a, uh, a, uh, a,
primarily an imposter and a troll.
Yes.
But I think it's because they're sheltered, and they don't realize how crazy, crazy people
are.
Well, if they get a check from the government, maybe they could do that.
But I think it's just an op.
I'm pretty sure it's just an op.
Well, look, you and me know how crazy, crazy people are.
All we have to do is look in the mirror.
Just because a person's crazy...
Look around.
...doesn't mean that they're stupid.
Crazy and stupid are two different axes.
Yeah, yeah.
Now, what's best is when you can get both at once, and then, and at the very ultimate
peak of that, you get J.R.
Bob Don.
That's at the, uh, the Cartesian coordinates zero, zero.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The lumpy head of himself.
The origin.
The smile that says nothing and everything all at the same time.
Unfortunate slack.
Unfortunate.
Unfortunate slack.
Ha.
No, it is all fortunate.
Well, even in, sometimes what you think is bad luck is bad luck.


Even bad luck is really involuntary slack.
The bad luck ends up paying off.
And to Bob Dobbs, even bad luck is good luck.
It's, I, that, that part is true, but I don't think very many of your listeners out there
appreciate the idea of the dualities.
You're pushing down their throat like rancid dog food.
You know what?
I'm all in favor of not pushing dualities down people's throats, especially not like
rancid dog food.
So, maybe we should change the subject.

Hey, so you remember what line I was on?
I'm gonna change the type anyway.
Ask yourself if you've been eating too many dollars while staring at your computer skyline.
I would teach you the movie habitat hero.
Number two.
A dead man is a dead man.
He couldn't have a dog in his home garden.








Okay, just a little, you know, just a little.
I making money for animal husbandry, I can give back to my cat.
Lets eat dogs, milk your cats, maybe those only for three bucks.

So, or do we change our breakdown filter to doing it and we change the fring right?
What do you call it?
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid we'll have to terminate our broadcast.
I don't know exactly what is happening here, but I can say this.
I'm afraid we'll have to terminate our broadcast.
Bob!
Bob!
Now?
Now.
