🎵
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Uh, test, test, test.
Yes, everything seems to be working.
Uh, just fine once again.
Well, welcome to another service here at the Church of the Subgenius.
Funny how that happens.
Just about every show when we start up.
But you know, friends, I think we should start with a prayer.
Yes, uh, well, it's not so much a prayer as a deal, I suppose you could call it.
Let's do business.
Uh, Bob.
Bob, I accept your offer.
I want to be a winner on your terms.
But right now, I turn over to you all my sins, my failures, my frustrations,
my insecurity, and my insincerity.
I hope from you my excuse, a peace of mind,
power to live the new life that you promised for now and all eternity,
or triple my membership dues back.
I invite you, Bob, to come into my life.
Thank you for reserving a seat on the escape saucers of the sex goddesses for me.
And thank you, Bob, for making me a winner.
By giving me eternal slack.
I pray in your name.
Amen.
Signed, Reverend Ivan Stang.
Date, hour of slack number 531.
Because the book of the subgenius says,
he that hath Bob hath slack,
and he that hath not Bob hath not slack.
One Janer 512.
512.
Oh, yes.
Yes, yes, yes.
And listen to that lovely Zug's Rift instrumental there in the background.
It's such a beautiful thing.
And we'll clean the cassettes up off the floor.
You know, as I'm standing before the open exit doorway,
tears streaming down my eyes in glory and lust,
while the world around me is turning to negative particles,
charged dust.
And suddenly the sex goddess attendant looks at my card.
As she, it turns to me and says,
you forgot to pay your dues.
And now I got the about to be calcified as a pink boy.
Blues, blues, he said.
It's blues.
Oh, man.
Do you want to pour it down?
Do you want to pour it down?
Pour it down.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry,
Hour of Slack.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
That one time hour, friends.
That mysterious hour.
We can just get it started.
Poltergeist infested hour, yes.
Friends, the poltergeist is working tonight.
Yes, he's working double time.
He won't turn off.
Get your finger out of the hole there, Dr. Stang.
You're liable to hurt yourself.
There you go.
Well, let's turn on the dampers and see if we can get the nuclear power plant started here, doctor.
I'm anxious to take off.
Take off.
Oh, wait a minute.
Will you get all those guys out of the other side there, please?
What'd you do, doctor?
Central control processor on.
There, central control is on, doctor.
Good, good.
Okay, you want to close the watertight doors here?
Yeah.
Oh, watch out for that squid, man.
There's a prairie squid.
There's a prairie squid.
Right by the door.
Speaking of which.
And inject some of those collar soles, would you, into the retribution chamber?
Primary and secondary circuit tests commencing now.
Well, we really might.
Line two has a prayer request.
Is that so, friends?
Well, tell them to pray.
That's right.
They're just going to have to pray, friends, because Pastor Naked ain't here.
And Pastor Naked ain't been here for quite a long, long time.
It's sad.
Pastor Bucknaked decided that the church or the subgenius wasn't for him and converted
to another faith.
But enough of that, friends.
That's old history.
Yes, we are going to rerun, rerun, a classic rerun interspersed with new runs.
The classic is, of course, Hour of Slack number 40, The Prairie Squid Show, featuring Dr.
G. Gordon Gordon as a special guest and stolen sound effects records also.
But before we get into that, friends, I have a couple of things that I need to cover with
you.
This will be probably my last chance to get this information out before I have to leave
town for the X Day Drill.
Yes, dear friends, once again, the church, well, actually, this will be for the first
time in quite a while.
The church of the subgenius is sponsoring a giant show.
A gigantic dock stock, you might say.
A church fest where saucers will scream overhead in wonderment and the gray aliens will mate
with yetis right by your campfire.
You'll meet your true yeti mate and you'll watch sideshow marvels poke things into their
faces.
You'll drink from tubs of purple Kool-Aid and it'll be raining prairie.
You'll see thatú
Dre eventual vives at the fullback out with a
RFID with characters including Samb профiles and more avere sitting
Glocken impossible to use
Glocken impossible to guilty
Glocken impossible to play
Glocken impossible to play
intelligibly
And now I'm going to turn on video.

It's a wind drum listen.
stuff right here and now I can only tell you where to get that information if it hasn't
already been mailed to you. By the time you get this tape delivered through your radio
you hopefully will already have the flyer that the Lord Jesus is working so hard on
even as I speak and Reverend Nikki and all her men are out there in the other room folding
these flyers and we've been battling with the infernal United States Post Office and
their silly rules and friends we're going to get that interim start fist to you just
as fast as we can but in the meantime you can call for information about that X day
drill sin fest at the DeVival hotline. I'm going to give that number right now. Here's
that number coming right up. DeVival hotline 216-557-7000.
Once again that's area code because for some reason the DeVival hotline is in Cleveland
at area code 216. Call that number 556-0338 and what you can also do is just send us that
self-addressed stamped envelope to the Subgenius Foundation here. P.O. Box 140306. That's box
40306 in Dallas, Texas 75214. Address that to Bob. We'll send you the flyers and so forth.
If you're a dues paying Subgenius member why it's a cheap weekend camp out where you'll
meet all the greats of it. It sounds last I heard the swinging love corpses were planning
to be there. Dr. Legume will definitely be there. Papa Joe Mama. Who knows what and who's
the sexy preetresses such as Reverend Nikki. You'll finally get to meet Will of Dobbs and
demand your back orders from him. And oh gosh what else. Well I mean there's just no end.
You'll just finally see what your fellow subgeniuses are like and you know half the time you won't
be disappointed. Yes you know because probably the majority of bookman are pipe men. There's
an intimate link between frop and books and radio shows have not the works of some of
our greatest writers and ranters been born to us on curling smoke clouds and have not
their authors advertised the benign influence of Frappi in immortal puffs. There is I affirm
in grateful recollection nothing better than the enjoyment of a radio show than the cloistered
calm.
Of a.
Life.

Library.
And a pipe. Which draws coolly and sweetly. Dear friends because you know what I have
been seized. I have been seized in the spirit. He has me in his grip. He rebuked me for my
slackness. He is working through me now to direct my fingers. I am the puppet. I am to
reach out and touch Christian America. Dear friends yes and share my special
information and revelation with anointed ministries across the land for something is happening.
At twilight ye shall eat flesh it said in Bob's first book exodus 16 12 and it seems
incredible that my actions should be even at all necessary.
So hypnotized is Christian America sitting in front of their devilment boxes in front
of that dancing snake. It is robbing Bob, friends, robbing Bob. Idolatry! I believe that sinister
anti-Bob powers in Washington and Moscow have put the big quash on data crucial to our knowledge
and continued existence, and if this mailing that we are preparing for you itself does not get to
you, do not be surprised. What price, subgenius silence, when the United Nations peacekeepers
march into the heartland with their jackboots, seizing books of the subgenius, bombing our
churches, setting fire to babies, our mothers and daughters lashed down and raped by wolverines,
will America then come to its senses, pop its finger out, and recognize the ultimate forces
that have begun to employ our plans?
As their battlefield, Deuteronomy 3221, so I will stir them to jealousy with those who are no
people. I will provoke them with a foolish nation and a foolish notion too, friends.
So you don't know, you just don't know. At my worldly workplace, there's this woman with her
TV ever on, and I am shackled, forced to endure the eternal torments of cuss words,
erping forth like blood.
A drunk slashing belching huns. I witness unto her politely explaining that each cuss word is a
rusty poison spike rammed into the tender sacred crotch of our short-duration savior Bob Dobbs,
that this cannot be allowed, that Bob's blood's on my hands. What shall I say at glory time?
It is as if I'm being mauled by amusement park lions for the depraved entertainment of Roman
senators. Each cuss word, a slicing claw of malignancy.
The ripping,
the ravenous jaws peeling away my outside layers, yanking out my personal bodily organs to ruin Bob's
internal order, and dragging them dripping across my body. My hands guard my face, but the fever-crazed
animals, the beasts bite down to crush my knuckles that pop like balloons, and the blood squirts into
my eyeballs, washed, washed in the blood and the pee. This is what it means to be a true and
righteous subgenius.
Bob believing,
leaving martyr in these ghastly, wicked, violent latter days, for the time will come when they will not endure sound
doctrine on their radios. And so I informed this woman that she must repent, quit her job, or else, or else scream in
chains of ultimate agony through judgment, where time runs backwards in the worm pit torture palace of shrieking
hell, and you know what she says? Have a nice day.
That I'm a creep, a kook. That I must shut up, and she will, or she will get the authorities, and have me fired.
Friends, that's what we're up against in this modern day and age. It's a sad and sinister time.
My dear, precious, subgenius brethren.
By the way, as honest as I'd like to be, I...
I have to lie.
I have to lie and say that that last rant there was written, actually, by Reverend McDonald, who's a Christian, and I just changed it a little bit.
And now, friends, back to The Prairie Squid Show. Thank y'all.
That music in the background, by the way, was by Zug's Rift, of course, from his CD Villagers on Musical Tragedies.
And, uh, thank y'all.
Number one, cassette deck two is not working.
And the ports on the starboard side are completely...
That's okay, uh...
We're losing air fast, and we're gonna have to try to keep up with it, friend.
Well, I'll open up this big blue cylinder of church air over here, doctor.
Ah, yes, heavens.
Now I feel considerably better.
Ah, yes, I'm in this church air.
Oh, yes, praise God, I feel that church air now.
Yeah.
Do you feel it?
Friends, can you feel it out there in the radio audience? I bet you can.
I bet you can. If you can't, reach out and feel it, friends.
And if you can't reach down and feel it, then you're gonna...
And then you probably don't even know what a prairie squid is.
You probably don't even care what one tastes like.
When you were... When you... Now, I know about half our audience, Dr. Gordon, probably unders...
Probably remember when they were teenage.
Boys and girls out in the, you know, West Texas or wherever they're from, going out in the fields and...
Taking off their clothes and spreading some prairie squid bait all over, you know...
Yes, yeah.
What did you used to use for... I used jelly, mostly.
Yeah, I found...
Honey, whatever I could steal from my folks.
Peanut butter with bananas in it worked real well.
Yeah.
Yeah, I found that was...
And those...
Those...
Decompressants from all that traveling, doctor.
...squids, would they be...
They'd be crawling out of the... Well, of course you know...
...squids, they're crawling out of the woodwork.
Yes, indeed.
Out of the brush.
Out of the weeds, so to speak.
You just lay there and wait for them.
And there you were.
And be quiet, because you'd scare them away.

They're very... And, you know, it's just... Just to give you an example, it's just like...
Do you remember back when you were a kid, there were all those thousands of those little cute horny toads around?
And why do you think they called them horny toads, Francis?
Yeah, because they counter exist.
You know, they're part of a symbiotic relationship with that favorite outdoor mollusk of ours.
Yes, and dare we say the name again?
The mighty prairie squid.
Prairie squid. Yes.
Oh, yes.
And, of course, as you know, Dr. Stang, I have just come back from a fact-finding tour through the Amazonas regions of Brazil.
Yes, friends, just to fill you in exactly on what's going on here, we have as our special guest tonight Dr. G. Gordon Gordon.
Yes, indeed.
The erstwhile head of the Greenhill-Dobstown encampment.
And now commandant of Dobstown II just outside Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Yes, friends, right on the coast where the surf is high and so is everybody else usually.
And, friends, you know...
And this, what you're listening to, dear friends, is the hour of slack...
Yes, friends.
...on KNON 90.9 in Dallas, Texas.
Now that the uranium has warmed up, the airlock leak has been stopped, I think it's about time we launched this show.
Yes, sir.
I can feel that, the mighty thrust of that show lifting us up higher and higher.
That thrust, yeah.
As Dr. Mothersbaugh's beautiful hymn, the Bobcata, plays in the background.
And maybe if I hit this tape deck hard enough...
Hit it hard.
Well, whatever.
We don't do that, okay?
It's not voodoo.
It's not curses.
It's, uh...
It's sowing and reaping.
And, uh, sometimes it happens and...
We gotta pray for that young man.
That guy needs some help.
These guys need some help.
We're gonna focus on an endangered species that probably, you know, half of you who weren't raised in the South probably don't even know what a prairie squid is.
And we might as...
Maybe we ought to identify, you know, just so people will know, who don't know what a prairie squid is, Doctor, perhaps we ought to at first sort of, as best we can, define our terms and say that a prairie squid is really...
It's a sort of a physical metaphor for a lot of things, and it's probably exactly what you think we're talking about when we're talking...
Well, it's not a metaphor.
It's an endangered species that lives on...
Yes, I know, but...
That used to live on prairies, and the fact that most of these collars don't even know what a prairie squid is...
Well, they don't even know what a prairie is.
It's all been covered up with...
Most of them.
...Los Colinas and all that kind of stuff, right?
Yeah, that's right.
Well...
Yeah, but at the same time, it is a metaphor for existence, Doug.
The very struggle of...
Who's Doug?
Of the prairie squid.
Doug, the guy over there.
The struggle of the poor...
Now, friends, you know, you do see prairie squids nowadays.
You can go to the supermarket and buy a dead, cellophane-wrapped...
Plucked?
...Shaved prairie squid.
Yeah.
I mean, they...
It's shocking. It's shocking.
To us, to us old-timers, I mean, most of you, you...
That's the only way you're ever gonna see it.
They've never seen them alive.
I know.
A lot of them, people don't even know that they are actually alive.
They're just a wild animal.
And, friends, that's such a waste because, frankly...
Oh.
...frankly, what the prairie squid is best used for is the sexual act, sexual...
Yes.
...congress.
And I'm, you know, I know this may...
We don't want to offend any radio...
But it's a...
But this is a...
It's a well-known fact, Dr. Staines.
Yeah, I mean, you can look in the encyclopedia under prairie squid...
Under prairie...
Under squid sub prairie.
...or subgenius.
Yes.
And it'll say, see...
Subgenius, see prairie squid.

Exactly.
And, you know, yes, it is.
That's its best use, and some people might find that offensive, but they're the people
that don't like to think about things like that because sometimes they're not sure how
to do things like that, or they're afraid that somebody will laugh at them if they...
Oh.
...said that they did something like that, that they had them a prairie squid or two,

Oh, most of them think the prairie squid is a myth.
Oh, yeah.
They get real embarrassed if you talk about a prairie squid in polite society.
Yes.
They're the polished ears of the rationalists.
Yes, oh, yes, yes.
The modernist, the so-called...
The politically correct ears of the various groups.
...humanistic.
Yes.
You know, if they were humanists, if they were really concerned about humanity, they'd
free the prairie squid prisoners, and they'd quit killing prairie squids and making purses
and shoes out of them.
Well, I mean, it's worse than killing whales for dog food, Reverend Stang.
I mean, if you think about it, I mean, at least you're benefiting some canines who would
otherwise not have anything else to eat, but the very idea of killing and tanning prairie
squid and turning them into purses and basketball shoes...
It's repellent.
It's repellent to anyone who's really lived with nature, anyone who is really a nature-oriented
person who's concerned about the environment would, despite the stigma, despite the embarrassment...
They would be proud, Doctor.
They would be proud.
...proud, nay, they would find it their Bob-born duty...
Duty.
Duty, my dude.
Duty, yes.
...to seek out that prairie squid and protect them.
And nurture.
I mean...
And nurture that prairie squid.
So, we're not handling too much of the phony work tonight.
But I know just what to do about this.
Instead of any real...
Les said it was an anti-Bob...
They all want to be...
There's a common psychosis, this anti-Messiah complex.
Well, it's the only way you see it.
They want to be...
If you get your name in the paper as an anti-Messiah, it's in the same size type as if you were the Messiah.
They want to...
I mean, they link you to the Messiah by being...
I mean, guys that are saying they're anti-Bobs, they're just saying that so they can have their name linked with Bob.
You understand?
Exactly.
It's a hate-love relationship.
They know they can't...
They aren't good enough to be Bob or to even serve Bob right.
And they're mostly anti-squid people.
You know, you see them at these squid suppression rallies.
Yeah, and...
You know, getting a burning...
No right to squid.
You know, they got the no right to squid...
Burning records.
Yeah.
Burning records trying to stamp out prairie squid.
And those are the same kind of intolerant people who the only way they can react to something is to kill them.
If they don't understand it, they kill it.
They kill...
And if they can't eat it, they make socks or shoes or something like that out of it, you know.
There's people out there that would kill a Playboy magazine if they saw it crawling around through the bushes like a prairie squid.
Especially if they thought it would hurt them, you know, a little bit.
And since they're good for the same things...
Well, except that, of course, the Playboy magazine is by no means...
a prairie squid, Dr. Stang.
I'm sure that you and I know that perhaps a Playboy magazine might be employed with a prairie squid, but certainly no such thing...
Man, I've never needed a play... anything besides just the squid.
The squid itself is all one really needs.
A prairie squid, it's like... it's like a snail without a shell.
A really large, about a foot long, they've got a light...
They're differing variations of color of hair and how much hair, how curly it is.
Yeah, and where it's distributed and...
and, you know, whether they're an elongated squid or a small, squamous, flattened-out squid, you know.
And just as a... as a snail is like one just... it's a pseudopod, it's a big foot.
A prairie squid, friends, is a huge erogenous zone. That's all it is.
A mobile erogenous zone. And we're not talking about one of them camper conversion kits either.
That's right. And this is not... this isn't some chauvinistic thing, because I know a lot of country girls out there know what we're talking about.
Because a prairie squid...
Well, it interfaces both ways, right, Doctor? I mean, that's...
Without... without expensive interfaces, you can plug right into these amazing new pets.
I mean, you don't need attachments or rubber washers or anything like that with a...
It just... one serves the entire family.
And back in the old pioneer days, when they first came across this prairie from little towns up the northeast and the north...
It was a family thing.
Yeah, sure, you had the little prairie squid cage right there on the back of the covered wagon.
Everybody had them. I mean, you... you nurtured them.
And now... now they're almost extinct.
Now you could... you could cruise Turtle Creek from one end to the other and never find...
never find an ambulating prairie squid.
About five years ago, I saw the first wild prairie squid I'd seen since my childhood running around near Glen Rose, Texas, near the power plant.
So, well, who knows? Maybe they'll be real big, glowing prairie squids in a few years.
Yeah, that's true. Maybe they'll be mutated prairie squids, you know?
I mean, other things are changing fast, and people's social habits are changing.
And perhaps one day, Doctor, perhaps one day, the squid will...
In Bob's time...
The squid, if Dobbs is willing, will return...
After Bob comes again...
...in all of its glory.
And the squid will.
The... yes, friends.
Yes, after Bob comes the squid.
But I... I think... I think now it's... it's... it's time for a phone call.
We'll go ahead and take a phone call here, friends.
But we're not going to answer.
You're a lame one.
Blue Mouse, call Johnny Normal's conference line.
And you guys let her talk, or she's nice.
No, Bob.
Let her talk, or she's nice.
Okay, we'll be nice if you talk.
Yes, that's fine.
That's right.
Oh, there she is right now.
Alright, let's see what she has to say.
Go ahead.
You don't even know why Rue Mouse...
Oh, no.
She knows.
Wait a minute.
Oh, no.
Now, Nick, I come in case, and this... this happens every damn time you put me on the defensive.
Is it... is it educated?
Well, first of all, you're not supposed to say damn.
So let's go...
I can't wait.
I can't wait.
Hello.
You're...
I'm down to...
Hey, wait, wait, wait.
Uh, elevator parts.
Give her... give her a chance.
Okay, here's the chance.
This is your chance if you blow this.
Okay, I want you to know...
I want you to know that you're all on tape as, uh, violating the FCC rules, so don't
be sending people out after me.
I've got...
I've got tape on you, fool.
It's gonna come back on you.
Nothing's gonna come on you.
It's gonna come back on you.
Ding-dongs button.
Nothing will happen to you.
You're nothing but a hypocrite.
You self-righteous hypocrite.
You sluggish, sluggish...
I am the Adron of Hestor.
My father is Had Urter, a hodler of the...
Well, I'm not a self-defiling hypocrite.
I'm a surfer.
You know, that's what I am.
And let's...
Let's get into that.
Let's go to call number one.
Only three more minutes.
I'm sorry that that neurotic woman got on the air, but you know what happens sometimes.
They get past our...
By all means, let's...
We're starting.
We're starting.
I just can't believe someone would call in and have the nerve to say things like that
about Prairie Squib.
I know.
And not only that, but they call somebody else's show...
I know.
...using our airtime.
Using...
And our area code, for that matter.
That...
You can bet it's gonna be charged to K-N-O-N.
...show that they're not speak its name in Berkeley, out in California.
Oh, they're hip out there in California.
Oh, yeah, but they...
They're so hip.
They've got...
Oh, they've got their crack, so to speak.
Yes, yes.
Their drugs and their wild sex.

Oh.
But have you ever heard a person from one of these hot tubbers talking about a Prairie
Squid, friends?
No, you never have.
Never.
They don't know anything.
You haven't heard about those...
They don't even know...
They've never heard of it.
Those organic boys with their avocado dips and everything.
They're city folks.
Yeah, they don't know about Prairie Squid.
Oh, they know everything.
They know everything.
But they don't know that.
And if you told them...
If you tried to tell them about it, they'd think, oh, how quaint.
They'd think, oh, how quaint.
They'd think, oh, how quaint.
He's talking with his southern accent.
How folksy.

How folksy.
Yes.
Oh, he must...
He must be near to the earth or something.
Yes.
Yes, yes.
But I'm an artist.
I don't have to lower myself to those demeaning...
I'm involved with such incredibly cerebral machinations over the...
Unpolitically minded.
I don't have to...
Over the politically correct aspect of my art and how it applies to Prairie Squid...
Yes, I'm not obsessed with...
...that I don't really have to think about the humorous side of these things if there
is a humorous side, because I'm serious.
I'm from California, I'm from California.
I don't have to do veiled juvenile humor, guising as some sort of highfalutin' environmental
concern citizen satire.
Yes.
I'm not that kind of person.
Oh, no, no, no, of course not.
No, that's what they'll tell you every time, friends.
Yeah, that's the line they'll spring on you.
The sophisticated line.
The conspiracy is...
Their bourgeois line.
The conspiracy is insidious, friends.
Incredibly, they make you want what they have, and they make you think...
And make you feel stupid because you haven't got it.
Yeah, and they make you think it's better than what you already have.
That way, once they get your attention directed at what they have, they can get your slack.
Your slack, friends.
That's right, and you're a Prairie Squid, too.
And if, as long as you're the kind of person that can still, you know, if you can find
one, you can go out in the woods and have a short relationship with one of these harmless
animals...
Or a long relationship.
I mean, you know, like, it's not...
There's no limited time...
The tantric sex magicians in India and the ancient cultures of the Earth have known of...
I mean, these creatures are not just common to the continental U.S.
That's right, and Reverend Stang, I don't know if you know it or not, but in Tibet,
they breed in the temples a special variety.
Oh, the fattened special prairie...
The special prairie squid.
The soft squid, they call it.
Yeah, it's the one that the Dalai Lama has.
Uh-huh.
And they still breed them there, and they have to ship them out to India where the Dalai
Lama is now.
You know, the Chinese let them because...
They're better fed than almost anyone in Tibet, any human being.
They're better fed than most of Tibet put together.
And, friends, when you become a member of the Church of the Subgenius, you become eligible.
Yes, eligible, friends.
We'll give you your very own prairie squid direction and survival package.
Give yourself to the feeling, friends.
Remember to write for information.
We don't want you to say,
I don't want you to send money.
We want you to send your whole wallet.
That's right.
You can take the money out.
Just send us the rest, especially those little pictures that you keep in the secret compartment...
Yeah, a few credit...
...that you don't show anybody.
We'll take the credit cards and things, too.
Well, we'll take those.
But those little pictures that no one else knows about, that's what...the Bob already
knows about those.
Yeah.
And we can judge just how highly to rank you in the great hierarchy of the Church.
And Bob collects them, too, we might add.
And the better ones, the better the pictures that come out of that little, tiny, secret,
embarrassing compartment in your wallet, the higher the rank you get.
The higher up the rungs you move.
Yes, friends.
And we also found that one person who sent his wallet in had a picture of a prairie squid
in it and didn't even know what it was.
He thought it was some curious...he thought it was some curious little life form or a
blowup of a bacteria or something.
And he'd been carrying it around for years because he felt it gave him good luck.
And it did.
It did.
It gave him incredible good luck because it brought him to Bob.
And you see that just a picture of a little thing like a prairie squid can set you on
the right path.
It'll put you right.
The path to Dobbs and salvation.
Praise Bob.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.







And you know, if you could just let go of those hang-ups that have kept you...that have
kept you tied down, friends, you could...
Shackled by your own life.
Your own insecurities, as they might say, Reverend Stang.
Your ignorance.
Your pathetic ignorance.
Your pathetic pink ignorance is what it is.
Yeah.
Your ignorance of the subgenius P.O.
box number, which we were about to forget to give.
Oh, can we do that?
You bet we can.
We have to.
Oh, well, in that case...
Bob said we had to party.
Yes, well, that box number...
Friends, why are you sitting there listening to this radio show?
Why aren't you out partying?
Bob said to party.
Party.
Bob said you had to party.
Yes.
He didn't say you could.

He didn't say you could.
You had to party.
You had to party.
He didn't say you could.

He didn't say you might if you felt like it.
Yes, indeed, friends.
He said to get out there.
Where's that...where's that dirt?
We want Bob says to get out there and do it.
Bob says, find the squid.
Yes, friends.
Let's bring those squids back.
Well, well, well, in the meantime, we'll just step back...
Someone said to Barry McGuire...
...into the real world.
...said, all you Christians, you're all the same.
You've all been brainwashed.
And Barry thought for a moment.
He said, yes, I am.
That's true.
But you sinners have been brainwashed also.
The only difference between you sinners and us Christians is that us Christians, we have
chosen to wash our brains.
That's a little rough.
And that doesn't sound too good to the polished ears of the liberals and the modernists, so
they soften it down, you see.
And of course, they would read that verse.
And they would say, Bob, you're all the same.
Let God be true in every man.
Be an untruth in a measure to a degree by chance, in my opinion, they'd say.
Yeah, let's soften that because somebody might get offended.
But the Bible says, let God be true and let every man be a liar.
To make these Christians into a political force.
They don't want us involved.
Let's tell them we're not listening to them anymore.
We're going to have to do something.





We're going to have to be involved.
It isn't going to take Ronald Reagan three years to learn about the godless, aggressive
nature of communism.
Over the last two or three decades, the federal government seems to have forgotten both that
old time religion and that old time constitution.
It's been 1984 since 1989.
It's been 1984.


It's been 1953, friends.
That's right.
That was probably the last time your parents told you about the Perry's Good.
After that, you know, there was a law.
Yeah, you weren't even allowed to talk about it until J. Edgar Hoover passed on.
There's a law, friends, on the books.
It says this.
No subgenius can do anything it wants.
Now, is this a free country?
Yeah.
What kind of repressive law?
What kind of repressive law?
What kind of repressive law?
I mean, they talk, oh, America, home of the free.
Land of the brave.
Home of the brave.
Sure.
Are they brave enough to go out?
Are they brave enough to talk about prairie squid?
Oh, no.
No, no, no, no.
Can they talk about those two dogs we know of?
Oh, no, no.
Can't talk about them either.
But, you know, and they're saying, oh, well, it's a land where we have free discussions.
Yeah.
It's a democracy.
But you can only launch a bleeding head of Arnold Palmer on Thursday.
Thursday night, they say.
And not if it's a public holiday.
Yeah.
A golfer head can only be launched on Thursdays in your own, you know, in the home of a consenting
person.
You can't just go next door to your neighbors and launch a head if you feel like it.
And, dobs forbid, you launch a head in public, like downtown on the main square or something
like that in North Little Rock, you find yourself in trouble with the county law, boy.
Yeah.
You can tell them, oh, but officer, like Doctors for Bob did.
You can say, oh, officer.
But I'm a bold surrealist, sir.
I'm a bold surrealist.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
We got bold surrealists.
We got 40 men hanging from telephone poles up in Tucker that like to say they were bold

They were bold surrealists.
Yes, friends.
Yeah.
Oh, they'll launch every kind of head.
Yeah.
They'll launch a sneed head.
Oh, yeah.
They'll launch a Trevino forearm if you aren't careful.
Wearing big green straps the whole time.
The whole time, friends.
Friends, I want you to listen to this tape and just listen to it.



And I want you to meditate.
Meditate on this message tape.
Close your eyes and think about Prairie Squid and listen to this tape.
That's true.
They did, but the head moved up or down.
And I can recall not too long ago, my father said to me, while playing around at home,
you're moving your head.
And I said, I don't think so.
I said, I'm keeping my eye on the ball.
And he said, well, you're keeping your eye on the ball?
Oh, yes, but your head is moving up and down, which I had worked into this unconsciously.
See, Arnold Palmer unconsciously knew that his head was going to be launched.
And you, his head had to be launched.
Yeah.
But that's not the real, that's not the Arnold Palmer that you're thinking of, friends.
No, no, no.
You're just not the guy that drives a tractor.
Uh-uh, uh-uh.
No, no.
It's not the guy who sells, you know, oil-based petroleum products.
This is, this is the, oh, forget it.
You don't even want to, there's no way they can understand it.
There's no way they can understand it.
They really couldn't.
Just write to that box number.
Yeah, that box number, friends, for the Church of the Subgenius.
And we'll send you plenty of information about prairie squids, golfer head launch-ins, slack,
slack, how to make, how to get free sex all the time from anybody for anything.
And, and Reverend Stang, yeah, the Good Sex for Mutants Dating League, I believe, you
know.
Oh, that's right.
Yeah, we had mentioned it a while.
Yeah, that's another church service.
Yeah, since Buck sold the Good Sex for Mutants Dating League, the cat lady.
Well, he had to.
He was just getting worn out, Reverend Stang.
You know what he sold it for?
It was, it was getting worn out.
It was wearing him out.
But you know, you know what he sold it for?
All I'm hot and heated.
You know what he sold it for?
Franchise?
No, what did he sell a franchise for?
A bottle of Ripple.
Well, that seems to be value received for value given, if you ask me, Doctor.
But, friends, when you write to P.O.
Box 1403-06 in Dallas, Texas, 75214, you can get information.
And you don't have to send money.
You'll get lots of printed information.
That's right.
It'll tell you where to write the Good Sex for Mutants in Salt Lake City.
Cat lady.
We'll send you, we'll send you the little maps of the.
Of the known existing prairie squid wildlife refuges in your area, if there are any, if
you're fortunate enough to live in a part of the country where there are still a few
of these precious creatures left.
Where they're still legal.
Yeah.
Well, they're not really.
Oh, Doctor Dool, you just got back from the mutant beauty contest at the Good Sex for

Yeah, I was one of the judges at the Good Sex for Mutants Dating League first annual
beauty contest in Salt Lake City.
Just 10 days ago, Reverend Stang.
Those lovely, how were those lovely and disgusting subgenius mutants, Doctor Gordon?
They were, they were some of the most beautifully disgusting mutated sickly creatures that I
have ever seen.
Beautiful mutants.
And there was actually a close runner up.
She was voted Miss, well, we think she was voted Miss Congeniality, was actually a mutated
variation of prairie squid.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
And it was the biggest, the biggest prairie squid that I have ever seen.
I say it was about 110 pound prairie squid.
And friends, if you just tuned in late.
God thank you for touching his life.
Do whatever you have to do.
Lord, short of killing the boy, do whatever you gotta do to bring him in.
Yes, Jesus.
Jesus name.
All right.
Praise you, Jesus.
All right.
Go to sleep, lady.
Praise you, Lord.
Just cut him loose.
Cut the boy loose.
Oh, amen.
Oh, amen.
Let God do it.
He does a much better job than we do.
Praise you, Lord.
Go on and have a drink lady.
You need a drink out there.
Oh, yes.
Uh-huh.
Ha-ha.
Oh-ho.
Oh.
Hee-hee.
Hee-hee.
Oh, Lord, we praise you.
Thank you.
Oh, Lord, Jesus.
You're so wonderful.
Oh, mama, that is wonderful.
Oh, mama.









you know when friends if you had joined up if you'd been the first person on your continent
to join up with the church you'd be the pope of this continent i know they doctor g gordon
gordon here the pope of south america the entire continent of south america it's mine when those
soul are the harvest friends when we start collecting those souls you know who's gonna
get to skim to skim that fine fine layer off the top out of the soul rendering vat don't you friend
oh and they're trying to keep them from selling any kind of soul down there nowadays oh yeah they
they don't used to be in the old days you couldn't give it away and now it's against the law to sell
it so what are you gonna do and and all the religions
want to have your soul friends bob wants your soul but just temporarily he'll give it back after he's
and he only he only uses it a little bit while he's got it friends that's something to think
he doesn't dry you out that's right friends as jayner hyper cleats uh the the uh the trance
spouter of all time jayner hyper cleats and little rock arkansas once said they they said my mind was
in this jar and then they poured it down a sink i want you to read this book it's called the
trance and i want you to think about that friends and
he's a maniac out to rule the world what can i do to make you understand
i love you
goodbye ice man
i want that money you owe me
so
so
microstructure that stores the energy of systolic contraction
there is now increasing evidence that the connective tissue surrounding the individual muscle cells
as well as the tissue linking the cells also plays a role.
And I think that about sums up how the prairie squid actually moves, Doctor.
I'm sure, I'm very sure that our audience has been finally, finally so glad to know
or at least feel like they can go out into the street and feel cool again.
Knowing about, you know, how they work, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, that's what it's all about.
Well, Chicago's youngest mother, an unnamed girl,
at the age of 10 years and 8 months gave birth naturally in Chicago.
This is the second youngest in the United States when she was delivered of a 6-pound, 4-ounce girl.
Now, friends, you know, at the same time, he described it as pterodactyl-like.
It had a Brahma bull type of hump on the back, like a pelican's pouch at its throat,
and a 5- to 6-foot wingspan.
Not with...
Feathers.
This was a reptilian thing.
And it was seen by a paramedic who works for the Harlingen, Texas, emergency medical service.
Well, I was down there on the river and a big bird came down.
Man, it was tremendous.
Yes, big bird is back.
Probably hunting prairie squid along the edges of the Rio Grande River.
And, friends, somewhere at the edge of your mind is a sort of a tiny cluster of memories
that date back to human prehistory,
to a time when...
Every man, or in those days, they weren't men at all.
They were yetis.
Yes.
And the women, even the women were yetis, too.
And in those days, friend, the prairie squid didn't have to live among horny toads to stay stimulated.
It was able to, let us say, converse physically with the yetis at any time that they wished.
You know, the yetis, friends, your ancestors, those of you who are true subgeniuses.
Except for that one variety of self-stimulating prairie squid, doctor,
which, as you know, became extinct in the late devouring period, I think it was.
Yeah, well, that was...
There was...
Yeah, but that was long after the yetis were extinct themselves,
and that's probably what killed them off.
I'm holding in my hand here a book titled Things You Never Knew Existed.
A very forthright compendium, friends, one might say.
And right here on page 44, there it is.
Squid, comma, prairie.
And there is an entire summation.
Now, you can get this information on this prairie squid
by merely writing to the Church of the Subgenius.
That's right, friend.
And if Reverend Stang would be so kind as to give him that sacred box number really quick one more time,
and I believe we might get a guest telephone caller as their lights are still...
Well, no, it looks like he's drifted off again, doctor.
Oh, we'll get one, we'll get one.
Friends, that address is for you to write to for more information.
J.R. Bob Dobbs, the only individual who could save your soul and then give it back to you again.
That address for Bob is Subgenius Foundation, P.O. Box 140306, dear friend, in Dallas, Texas.
75214.
And, uh, oh, friends, you don't know what.
You don't know what could be coming your way.
Send in the mail once you sign up with this amazing church with your free information.
You can find out the inside story on not just things like prairie squid.
You can find out why you've been losing at the races and how to start winning again.
How come you didn't get that big raise at your conspiracy job that you're nailed to?
How come that special date with her didn't work out?
And remember that first time you found you couldn't do it for the second time?
Yes, friend.
Friends, that's only almost as scary as the second time you find that you can't do it for the first time.
It's scary, friends.
It's a scary, scary world out there.
People waiting to see what you can do.
You won't have these problems if you just let Bob solve them for you.
Get right with Dobbs.
Let Bob into your life, friends.
Let Bob into your heart.
You need Bob.
You have to have Bob.
You have to have him.
You better have him.
You know you want it.
Because I'll tell you, friends, when those...
You have to have it.
You have to have it.
Because when those...
When those end times come down, if you're not right with Bob, you're gonna fry.
And you'll probably deserve it.
You will deserve it.
You'll wish you could die, friends.
You'll wish you could die.
But Bobby...
But it'll be worse.
Oh, Bobby, he won't let you.
He won't let you die.
You'll be going, Bob, kill me.
Give me a car right here.
Please, Bob.
You didn't tell me the end times was gonna be worse than a Sidney Sheldon miniseries on TV.
Friends, we're gonna take that caller right now.
Where are we gonna take her to?
To our territory.
Our territory continues to be shaken under these conditions.
Squick.
Squick.
It's been a long time since we were trapped by a line.
That's a squid ick for the uninitiated.
Yes, this is the show that continues to be trapped by the tiny callers.
An icky squid is a sticky squid.
You call in, we are forced to listen to you.
We always used to say at the academy.
That's right, an icky squid is one that's actually...
And if you were just to call...
It's the icktheus.
You're now listening.
What is an icktheologist?
If you're awake, it won't make any sense.
It's a giant icktheosaur.
No, you're asleep right now, and this is the ugly show.
Is that a squid, or is that an icktheosaur?
...in central California at this hour, and even people in the building refuse to listen to it.
Well, let's hear what that other caller has to say.
Okay.
Oh, he's calling another caller to see what he has to say.
He's calling another caller.
It's a chain reaction.
Call callers and find out what they have to say.
The last person who broke the chain, something terrible happened.
So don't do it.
Do what it says and call the next caller.
Call a caller now.
The last caller disintegrated two U-quarks, a D-quark, and three pi-basins.
Go ahead, go ahead.
Go ahead.
We let you speak if you're real.
I'll tell you all them freaks out of it.
Just pick up the phone and dial in.
They've been called.
There you go.
See?
Yeah.
Somebody don't tell us.
Tell us about your basketball game down there at Santa Fe School with all the eight-year-olds today.
Tell us about that.
Icky squid.
They talk about squid.
They talk about squid out there.
Yeah, they can talk.
They like to act like people who know what a prairie squid is.
But anybody who called an icky squid.
Because they heard about it for months, frankly.
Yeah, of course.
I'll just throw these little wellmen down there.
Yeah.
Yes, that was one of the hour of slack.
There's a lot of hour of slack shows out there.
Actually, that one's not.
That predates the hour of slack.
That's the pre-hour of slack show, isn't it?
More than an hour, less than a show.
It's kind of a cut show, if you know what I mean.
But there's also, we just, just last week, a new hour of slack started up in Boston at the radio station with the MIT campus.
They're praising Bob, Dr. Bleepo Abernathy, and Dr. Ahmed Fishmonger of the Church of Mr. Science.
Praise Bob.
Some of you out there are lucky enough to be in correspondence.
Correspondence with these individuals.
And we'll be playing some of their variation.
It's different.
It's a Yankee kind of thing.
But up in Boston, you know, they're a wild bunch.
There's some subgeni up there.
Feisty.
They're dangerous up there, doctor.
They have to be because the audience is in Boston.
I have stood in front of, it was like the Alamo friends, that time at the Spit Club, DeVival in Boston.
You know, we do, we travel around and do DeVivals in other towns, not Dallas.
Dallas, apparently.
And the club isn't ready for, they want to call us a comedy act.
An act.
A joke.
An act.
A joke, they said.
Uh-huh.
If that's an act, then those five people who left that club spit in Boston without any legs ought to get an Academy Award.
Yes, friends.
Copyright 1996, Jane or Hyper-V.
And friends, I want you to think about Bob.
Let's go to some, I haven't played this version of one of Buck's songs in a long time.
Well, as Pastor Naked cannot be with us tonight.
Oh, I think it's only proper that we-
That we not play his version.
That we not play his version.
But, uh, Onan's and Here Somewhere In Here.
Aw, yes.
Aw, yes, friends.
Somewhere In Here.
The tapes are running backwards.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.














Bob's my friend and he's leading me somewhere.
Is he waiting there for me?
Bob's my friend and he's leading me somewhere.
What could be waiting there for me?
What could stop the aliens from killing me?
What could stop the aliens from killing me?
Bob can't help me, but will he?
Will he help me?
Bob's my inner guide and he's leading my body.
He's even nice to my pets.
Bob's that little voice and he's not just a dream now.
The mightiest guru yet.
It is the time is a day.

Bob's got an engine.
If you don't go fast it won't let me go fast.
Easy.
I won't listen too.

All right.
Good luck.
We'll find you.
When will I have to pay a fee?
It's the Pipeetune ofizz perimeter
I think they're waiting for me.
Waiting for me.
Lady, someone.
Huh.
Help me, somebody.
That was Dr. Onan's Wotan Band.
Yes, indeed.
He's the youngest doctor out there from Knoxville, Tennessee.
And a true crib fisherman, too, Dr.
Yeah, he's a crib fisherman.
He'd be fishing out of some cribs, I tell you, Bob.
Looking for some prairies.
Yeah, he'd be a squid fisherman.
Well, they do have prairie squid in Tennessee
because there is sufficient prairie there, or at least open lake.
Well, they have those gulch squids, they call them.
Yeah, they got some of that delta squid down around New Orleans,
but I don't know about that delta squid.
It kind of tastes muddy.
That's my favorite kind, boy.
You like it with red beans and rice?
Yeah, after you use them, I'll only eat them after they've been used.
Well, they aren't even good.
That's right.
They're tough.
They're tough.

You got to eat them.

You got to soften them up a bit.
You got to tenderize them a little, as the doctor would say.
Ah, yes.
Ah, yes.
And fine squid.
So I'll tell you.
Oh, this little famous piece of music is also by Dr. Onan.
I believe that's part of the Hour of Slack introduction at times, is it not?
Yeah, yeah, right.
He's got a new one on the way, a new digital Bob song.
See, everything's digital here.
We're not live.
That's why we can't take any calls.
This show has been entirely on.
Basically, you have to use the digits of your right or left hand to operate anything.
Anything on this show.
That includes move the turntable around with your fingertips.
But we don't use turntables.
We only use broken tape decks here on the Hour of Slack.
That's sweeter sound.
And friends, praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
A tape deck can be smashed to pieces.
But if it's needed for the Hour of Slack, it will.

And best to have a frock zip you lobster.
Ah, yes.
Let's step into a quick moment from a subgenius revival.
This was the last one in L.A.
You were there as security, running security.
And Bob got shot again anyway.
Oh, yes.
Yes.
But this time it was one of those dispensable Bobs.
Yes.
He was afraid to go out there.
He knew.
The guy that wore the Bob mask in L.A.
And it was a Bob mask.
I mean, Bob, the real Bob, wouldn't go in L.A. at the Alexandria Hotel.
He certainly wouldn't be seen at the Alexandria Hotel.
That's for sure.
In fact, I didn't even want to be seen at the Alexandria.
In fact, nobody wanted to.
The only thing that was really seen was obscene.
And that was that obscene big dead rat that was in the Pope of New York's breakfast.
And he was sitting at the office table or something like that.
I forget it.
That's the way popes are treated in L.A., friends.
That last year.
Last year.
Oh, speaking of popes in L.A., doctor, before you play that, I think we ought to.
Most people don't know that the pope of all Arkansas, who's on temporary combat duty in Los Angeles, reaffirmed his nuptials.
Yes, he did.
He did.
And he did it the subgenius way, too.
He got it wasn't he had already gotten a short duration marriage.
That's right.
I mean, he already had the paperwork.
He already had the paperwork.
He did have the paperwork.
He would have sanctified couplings, friends, for the last few years.
But their short duration marriage ran out.
And rather than send Buck any more money, they went to Las Vegas and had one of those parlor chapel, as Norm just told me they're called, a parlor chapel wedding.
Marriage parlor.
And when he left the chapel, this acolyte came running.
You know, it was one of those ten-minute ceremonies.
This guy actually had the gall to come running out going, sir, there's supposed to be a $25 tip, quote, tip, unquote.
Tip.
And to which Pope Sternow.
And to which Pope Sternow threw down a dollar and said, sir, kill me.
That's right.
But we should say congratulations to Pope Sternow and his faithful uber matrix, that is to say, Miss Dottie.
That's right.
And they're creating more little yetis, friends.
Yes, sir.
They are further contaminating.
The little tiny Arken-Sanian yeti babies.
The gene pool.
Sternow's father, the way he became a subgenius was his father was one of the guys who had to stand on the Nevada desert and face nuclear tests from about half a mile away.
That's right.
Wearing only goggles and a lead-shielded jockstrap.
Duck and cover, baby.
You betcha.
But they weren't allowed to in those days, and the result is thousands of subgenius children of those selfless servicemen who gave their genetic structure for nuclear dominance.
There you go.
And rather than, I was about to play that Hal song from the L.A. Devival, but I think instead we will, Dr. Dool, dare to play this live report from L.A.
Sternow, we're calling to you now.
This is Dr. Sternow Docks and Dr. Byron Verner of Famous Potatoes organization in Los Angeles.
Can you hear us, Sternow?
Sternow?
And, uh...
Yep, that's them.
I'm having trouble, I don't think they can hear us.
Sunset Boulevard is very second.
At this moment, using, uh, a peculiarly...
Uh, evolved...
Uh, evolved...
Set of ocular...
Uh, evolved...
Set of ocular...
Sensory mechanisms...
Sensory mechanisms...
Attached to the, uh, sensory...
Uh, evolved...
Sensory mechanisms...
Accumulative mass of tissue located in the, uh, upper meridian of our particularly alien life.
I don't really...
Uh, uh...
And there seems to be a woman crossing the street with a skirt which is, uh, much, much out of the limits of...
Much, much out of the limits of...
Much, much out of the limits of...
Much, much out of the limits of...


Much, much out of the limits of...
Uh, uh, the spiritual powers that....
Just done.



It's really elaborate, but let's be honest.
I think it's...
It's really elaborate, but let's be honest.
I think it's...
I think a button...


That's me, guys...

Say hi to Katie.
Look, the bell, Woody...
Not me.

T anywhere, buddy.


There's a, uh...
Yeah.
drinks. You can actually get prairie squid drinks.
Yeah, they put them in a blender. They put them in a blender
with protein powder and just
turn them into a really
thick, it's kind of like a daiquiri
in texture.
But it's not the real prairie
squid, though. It's the flash frozen stuff.
I mean, nobody does it with a live prairie
squid. Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Well, dear friends,
it's time for a moment of
serenity and melody.
Yes, if you'll turn to page
five in your program,
I'm going to lead you in the hymn
which we call Bob is My
Story.
This is a hymn
which is usually performed in
moments of extreme stress
and such, I judge this to be.
It's very easy.
And you can support me on the second verse and the
chorus if you choose.
So we'll sing Bob is My Story.
Page five.
I saw a man
with a pipe and a grin
all in the new morning light
smiling at me
like a madman
till he
made me
uptight
I told him don't bother
me anymore
but he kept on just the same
till I was
totally brainwashed
but I was totally brainwashed
Bob is his name
this is the chorus
he is my story
Bob
is my song
Bob
my amphetamines
all
the day long
I won't tear
my poster of dogs
down
I'll feel no sadness or shame
till I rejoin
him in dogs
down
Bob is his name
he has no lack of his patented slack
for those of his following fold
he is the friend of whoever will send
green back your gold
he's growing stronger and stronger
but he keeps redder than flame
I'll be a pig boy no longer
I'll be a pig boy no longer

Bob is his name
Bob is my story
Bob is his is your story friend
and Bob is your fame
Bob is the glands that keep you feeling the way you do
keep your squid juices pumping
Bob
by the old digital counter on the wall Reverend Stang
yes we're coming down we got three minutes left
three minutes of slack time friends
and I could play some burbling background noise
or I could play the official sign off tunes and so forth
but we could just talk for another three minutes
we easily easily easily
that is easily yeah
we could talk for another three hours
or three days if that's what it takes
to get you to write to that sacred post office box
you've been hearing the learned old scholars
of the church of the subgenius society tonight
that's right
and learned we are in the dark knowledge
and forbidden sciences of time control
and slack extraction
and the arcane secrets of the prairie squid
