1, 2, 3, 4
I look mad
I look flat
And that's the evening go
Sunday morning, are you feeling the hope?
You're hurt all over and you're moving so well
People, here's something that you should know
Tune us in on the radio, die
We can't wait to see you again

We got charisma, we got style
Well, people, we'll make you feel better for a while
Put your hands, put your hands on the radio
Put your hands, put your hands on the radio
Family doctor says you're just fine
But you feel so down all the time
Well, people, you don't have to worry
Just drop us a line
Send your money in
On the double
Don't worry, it's deductible
Well, people, you can forget your sins
Forget your troubles
Put your hands, put your hands on the radio
Put your hands, put your hands on the radio
If you're feeling lonely and confused
And you don't know what you're to do
And there's no candle left to burn
And you don't know which way to go
There's no time
We can help you out
Put your hands, put your hands on the radio
Put your hands, put your hands on the radio
Put your hands on the radio
Sunday morning and you're feeling low
You're hurt all over and you're moving slow
Well, people, here's something that you should know
Tuning in on the radio dive
We got charisma, we got style
Well, people, we'll make you feel better for a while
Put your hands, put your hands on the radio
Put your hands on the radio
Put your hands on the radio
Put your hands on the radio
Put your hands on the radio
That song by the Pink Boys was the first real song composed for the Church of the Subgenius
long before we had any actual radio shows.
The lead singer, songwriter, and rhythm guitarist for the Pink Boys
was my late and former best friend since high school, Monty Dooge,
also known as Deacon Lamont Duveau, also known as Dr. X,
which name is right next to Philo's and mine under Bob's name in the Book of the Subgenius.
Because Monty was originally part of the team,
when it was just the...
the three of us in 1978, 79.
Sadly, he got disgusted with the church and me for numerous reasons,
most of them sordid on his part.
I refused to indulge in some of his really, really bad habits with him,
and also the church got much more famous quicker than his band did.
In fact, he dissolved the band after less than a year.
He was so angry at the record business,
for not recognizing his genius,
which he really had, but hey, you know,
it's not what you know.
Anyway, he was originally an extremely funny and talented guy
and wrote great songs.
He died of alcohol poisoning at age 39, long ago.
I may have been the only friend of his who told him that was going to happen,
which probably proves I was indeed his best friend.
Anyway, he had a daughter.
He had a father that he didn't know about and this woman only recently learned
the name of her biological father, Monty,
and the only references to him all led back to me and the church.
This week I spent some time assembling all my recordings and home movies of Monty for her.
And I thought, it's high time we did a Monty Duge Doctor X special.
So I collected some of the better recordings of a few of the Pink Boys songs
and also the only known type of him doing subgenres,
Genius Preacher shtick, which all ended up in our Media Barrage No. 4 cassette tape from 1980,
one of the ones that was never released as a CD.
So this show is mostly the middle of Media Barrage No. 4,
with Pink Boy's songs also interspersed appropriately.
Here is the song Pink Boy, recorded live.
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
The problem in America today is humanism.
Humanism, as Pastor mentioned, is when we become like God, to replace God, and we dethrone God.
We begin to live for ourselves and become lovers of ourselves more than lovers of God.
Oh, Bob, oh, Bob, oh, Bob, give me food, give me money, give me food, give me everything, Bob.
Oh, Bob, give me some food, give me some money, give me some food, give me some clothes, give me pills, give me some food, give me some clothes, give me some pills, give me some calls.
Oh, papaditos, oh, papaditos, oh, papaditos.
As shown in this diagram, the surface is actually the roof of a 150-story apartment building which encompasses the earth.
The future's treasures are housed in countless numbers in each of these identical levels,
which contain the five types of reality to be found.
The corridors, work areas, metroplexes, holograms, and of course the units for eunuchs,
which these content people call home.
Humans need not worry about getting lost on the way to their units.
They end up at a different unit each night, but it still looks just like home.
All are cleverly designed exactly alike.
Well, you guys need something with the timer.
How cool would that be?
In a final, the real condition is to keep me cool.
Yes, barbecue, but I'll heat it cool.
Some would you cool with a jacket on too?
Just can't decide what I want to do.
Hey, hey, I've got an apartment complex.
Here at the apartment complex.
I've got an apartment complex.
Here at the apartment complex.
Now!
I've got an apartment complex.
Here at the apartment complex.
I've got an apartment complex.
Here at the apartment complex.
Now!
Oh, I know you like to live in the complex and mail it.
Tell your brother it's so easy to see.
The part of life is such a curse of rage.
Well, you could make it here on the middle of the range.
Ooh!
Ooh!
Ooh!
Ooh!
Ooh!
Ooh!
Ooh!
Ooh!

Ooh!

Ooh!
Ooh!



Ooh!
Ooh!

Ooh!
Ooh!





ooh!


Ooh!










Ooh!
















Ooh!
Hey!
Ooh!
Ooh!
galera
My friends come over and they think it's so fine
But they don't know that none of it is mine
No furniture, no color TV
None of my belongings belong to me
Police, I'm left to retreat, I cut my flag
Cause I owe it to some man I made through the bank
Hey, hey
I've got an apartment complex
Here at the apartment complex
I've got an apartment complex
Here at the apartment complex
I've got an apartment complex
Here at the apartment complex
I've got an apartment complex
Here at the apartment complex
Oh!
Each human shares his spacious total living unit
With a different life
With a different life
And each individual%.
The apartment complex Bueno
A study is done all night
And forget the
The apartment complex
I said I fell asleep
시 years after this accident!
I rest saya pe Français à la fois
I don't think at all
I'm watching the TV
And it makes a fool out of me
Watching the TV
And I don't have to worry about me
When I'm watching the TV
I tune in as soon as I get home
I grab myself a beer
The signal's always right online
The picture's sharp and clear
I don't really care what song I'm gonna watch
I'm gonna watch it anyway
Some people think that I'm not too good
I don't care what they say
I'm watching the TV
And it makes a fool out of me
Watching the TV
I don't have to worry about me
When I'm watching the TV
And I don't have to worry about me
Look, there's an old bogart movie
A thriller in black and white
Well, I don't care about tomorrow, girl
I'm gonna stay up half the night
I'm watching the TV
And it makes a fool out of me
Watching the TV
And I don't have to worry about me
When I'm watching the TV
I tune in as soon as I get home
I'm gonna get on the cable on a cable
10 channels and a video
And that's not enough for a dollar a night
It's out
Ladies and gentlemen, please, your best friend
Oh, Larry, I'm watching chips, you know
It's all in the family
Sorry, girl, I can't go out, you know
I gotta watch a little movie
It's on the TV
And it makes a fool out of me
Watching the TV
Watching the TV
And I don't have to worry about me
When I'm watching the TV
And it makes the fool out of me
Watching the TV
And I don't have to worry about me
Watching the TV
Watching the TV
I'm watching the TV
Watching the TV
Watching
I'm watching, watching, watching, watching
Watching, watching, watching, watching
Watching, watching, watching, watching, watching, watching, watching, watching, watching, watching, watching, watching my face

Watch TV!
The TV variety show has been declared an endangered species of any waste material.
Also sold separately, Nerf hoop, Nerf ball, and Super Nerf.
And I have chosen you, Mr. Beale, to preach this evangel.
Why me?
Because you're on television, dummy.
He's a blank.
Waiting for the final finished face to be stamped onto it.
But whose face?
In a concurrent life, you share a spiritual bond with...
Your mental eye.
Yeah, your mental eye.
As we term it in our complicated cult jargon,
is permanently enjoined to certain fictional characters.
Or characters that are real on Earth, too.
The parallel Earth that operates alongside of ours.
I see.
We are quite certain that you are qualified to do the good of the world.
We're getting as qualified as we can right now.
Oh, what?
Hello? Are you there?
Are you okay?
There's something wrong with the machine.
There's something wrong with my TV.
What happened to my TV?
My TV broke again.
Oh, my TV.
When you have a TV set in your home,
you're in for a lot of surprise-filled evenings.
And a lot of expense.
But if...
Weren't you and I talking about smell-o-vision one time?
When they had smell-o-vision?
Yeah, they used to have...
I mean, some guy was passionate about that.
Ah!
Then they had a hawk...
Hocko-vision?
Hocko-vision.
Yeah, or liquid-vision was what it was.
Like whenever any liquid thing was going on.
A flood scene.
Yeah.
Water would splash out of the screen.
But the nearest thing they could get to...
You know, even if a bad guy would spit, you know...
Yeah, or a waterfall or rain or anything like that.
Yeah.
But the nearest thing they could get to it were these real crude little squirt guns
mounted on either side of the TV set.
Yeah.
And whenever it would happen, it would just kind of squirt a little stream out of it.
Well, when they did it in theaters, they had...
I mean, they had to completely...
A little weak piss stream.
Instead of giving you, you know, glasses or something, special glasses,
they gave you a whole rubber suit.
And there were a lot of lawsuits when that happened because of the, you know,
electrocution.
All this water running through theaters.
You got people sitting there and electric lights next to them,
killing them and stuff.
Them were lean years.
But, you know, anything to draw the audience is a way for the TV.
The only way you could make a buck in the movie,
is let's do...
Have a new gimmick.
A new gimmick, yeah.
Some, you know, like...
Man, she was cute, man.
Huh?
That 360 degree movie film they had.
And I believe if we ever cease to pray and cease to seek God,
God will destroy this country.
And I believe I'm going to live to see cities in America,
cities in this nation literally instantly destroyed.
I believe I'll see it soon.
You can keep your eyes on some West Coast cities.
And you watch.
I'll guarantee you when the majority of our population
begins to turn their back on God
and begins to try to tell us that a perverted lifestyle is a normal lifestyle
and they have no time or tolerance for God,
focus your attention and you watch
because I promise you God will not continue
to leave that city, that people, without judgment.
But Zord knows that within...
within five years, the United States, as we know it, will cease to exist.
Friends.
And we'll all be, you know, scrounging for our livings.
Um...
You out in the country, thousands, millions will die.
Probably the Russians will come in and take over.
And... and what will be left?
And... and probably the... the subgenius of our nation will have to go underground at that point.
Oh, yes, indeed. We know that it will.
We know that we will... we are on the upswing now that... that soon Bob will have thousands,
thousands of followers.
And many of them will be false followers but... but... uh...
but it's all part of the plan.
And... and of course, then, the things, the secrets will come out and... and the... uh...
some of the... the stories about the... the young girls and what was done to them by some of the special hierarchy members.
And... and I won't mention who but I think many of you know who were talking about.
Uh... will... these... these scandalous things will be brought out by the conspiracy.
Yes, but Bob... Bob plans it this way. Not just Bob, but...
the... the... the... spiritual things. But, for all those who are following this... uh... will continue with their lives. Ok.
the entities you know the special the people that run the luck plane and they aren't people but
anyway i'm i'm getting off i'm getting in the spirit you know it's like bob's gonna bob's gonna
let it all go underground and only the the true subgenius this is the way we'll know
it's like it's like a brand the ones that stay and cleave into bob he can tell whether you're
still thinking you can be talking can you can be you can be serving a conspiracy in your daily life
but in your spiritual life if you're serving bob he's going to know and which um bob mentioned in
the communication not very long ago one of his memos praise deacon i can i can get off in the
spirit and get all lost he can do he knows bob i mean to him it's this is i mean you just witness
how how how the how the deacon can talk of of knowing bob like like he was just a friend like
an ordinary friend i'm sorry mr uh deacon
go ahead and deacon do you know deacon devoe that's right well you know we especially these
special sounds that we add in here they're they'll uh you'll hear these sounds later friends yes
but um but bob mentioned in a memo which he he sent um one of his many of course
that and the one thing that bob cannot afford himself
and uh the subgenius foundation of course needs to provide and and i'm all for it i think
it would be a wonderful thing for bob is the uh command jet for the end times which would be just
like presidential command jet um which the president would get into in the event of a
nuclear war and um he says communications links to all the armed forces etc well bob's bob's plane
would have exactly the same thing um but would also be equipped with with every kind of radio
it's got it's got
the override tv transmitter so that the subgeniuses who survive the end times can still
hear from bob and the rest of the subgenius ministry that's right the entire subgenius
ministry will be in this plane um and friends on the end times i mean you can be carrying that
subgenius minister's card with you but if that envy is what counts on that card if you're not
really part of the power of bob then then i tell you that the end times you're going to be
having a have it be their favorite因为



stop them missiles right in the middle of the air or he can let them fall where he pleases
and and bob doesn't even need to direct them because because they're being directed by
forces that well i won't say they're bigger than bob but
they they work in the same way that bob works very important after the holocaust for um
for the subgeniuses that remain to obtain inspiration from bob the right people have
got to be there when when the angelic host descends yes and we and we're telling you that
date right now remember that date is july 5th 7 o'clock in the morning 1998. i have some figures
here on um on the cost of of the plane um looks looks like 42 million dollars
million dollars for the plane equipped the way it should be 42 million dollars friends they spend
they spend 42 million dollars just on the on the on the on the movie stars for one movie
and uh looking at our charts here i see that oh this is the first time that that we've mentioned
this to the actual public but uh just from word of mouth since we had this memo from bob we've
already raised seven million dollars towards the plane so um that only leaves sort of a

$35 million to go and of course when this when this tape gets out when this radio ministry
goes out to all of the subgenius all the thousands of ministers all over the world in different
languages plays on the 248 radio stations around the globe then i'm sure it will be no time
whatsoever that we uh that we get the other 35 million dollars and the command plane will be
ready for the end times and friends we want you to know that i mean bob's got his plane up there he's
got one plane up there that he bought with his own money he could MIKE threatening, Battallo killed the next president, Hunter Sednaиш, вт 9-11-16
He could spend that $42 million with, he could write that check to mine.
He wouldn't feel it.
I mean, he wouldn't even have to write it down.
He can't bounce a check.
Bob can't bounce no check.
There's no such thing as bounce back on Bob.
But you see, it's not, that's what we're saying here.
It's not just the dollars.
It's the power from you that you communicate to Bob.
You bridge it to Bob.
And it comes back a thousandfold, a million, billion, jillion fold, friends.
I mean, that power's going to come back, and he's going to be up in that plane,
and he's going to hold that button down at the right time
when the special message comes through to him.
And you're going to be protected.
You're going to be in a little bubble of your Bob self and your Bob gland
and all the tribulation money that comes real to you.
And it'll hold up the big barrier while you watch those around,
that you never did love and care for because they hurt you.
And they made all the nice people, the nice guys and the nice girls and the wise guys,
they made them come in last in the races that they made.
They made them come in last.
And now, friends, you're going to be the last ones.
That's right, you're going to be the last ones, but you're going to be laughing.
You're going to be the last laughers left to laugh at all the frying and flesh
and spitting up of blood and all the people rolling around
and they'll be calling for their jobs.
And the demon Jesus and no friends of fighting Jesus is going to be standing by you
and he's going to be fighting off them radiation rays for you.
He's going to surround you and the special friends of the fighting Jesus
and all of Bob's friends.
And we'll be up in that plane with Bob, too, and we'll be thinking of you, friends.
We'll be thinking all you ...
... people that we know are going to be there at the end times when 1998 comes
and the angels sing.
host comes down, we're going to be the ones that stand up and say hello and come on in.
Of course, we should explain the reason why Bob cannot just outright buy the plane himself
is because the federal government has tied up all of Bob's money.
They won't let him release it on the economy.
And the reason for that being that it would cure all the economic problems that we have
at the moment.
That's right, and friends, and you know they don't want that to happen.
If they wanted that to happen, there'd have been different people up there running for president.
That's right.
It would have been Deacon Duvaux, it would have been Dr. Drummond, it would have been
even somebody small and nothing like the tiny children and they'd be president now if it
wasn't for what the conspiracy wants to happen to our money and your money and they want
your money to be meaningless because they want that mark on your head, they want it
on your hand, they want it implanted where you can't see it.
But that.
And the way that the Reagan points at you and it knows whether you got the credits of
government special credits and yeah, Bob is going to be working around that.
The federal government has impounded or put a freeze on all of all of Bob's assets in
the banks and his gold reserves and silver holdings.
Just like just like the Iranian money.
Of course, they have no reason to do this to Bob except for the fact that they're trying
to keep down the public.
They don't want the economy.
They want the economic problems solved.
Well, it's it's almost like an honor what they're doing to Bob.
It shows what a threat he is to their their dirty system and dirty system control from
from God knows where overseas under the sea, over the atmosphere.
We have a commercial coming up that we need to go to.
That's right.
I'm afraid our time is running out and we thank you for the donation.
We're going to do a prayer right quick.
Oh, Bob and the fighting Jesus, we're talking to you now and we can feel coming through
in the spirit.
And we know there's a lot of a lot of special laid up members and people with genetic things
that are all different.
And and they're they're needing to feel the power of you.
And they got some of them got tumors, some of them got cancers and some of them got got
got things in their brain that won't go out.
And some of them see little bitty men everywhere that they don't think are real.
But we know they're real and we want you to make them feel right with all of this.
And we really have to go now.
But if everyone will stay tuned, we have the break.
And we'll be right back.
And then we come back for the second hour of the show, which goes out to many different
cities.
They pick up on the second hour.
So so just stay tuned.
And then, Bob, you're hearing us.
Jesus.
Oh, thank you, Jesus.
And fighting Jesus, Bob and killing them, Bob and more than dead people.
And it'll be OK because you remember where I remember where Bob is.
That's your.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my gosh.

No, I'm I don't know where my happened.

So a little bit.
Okay.

So like this is a nosebleed, right?



I'll take mine and go back.







And I got better.
And how, everybody, who need not be mine?

Is ready, but we're going to try.
Oh.
I love to feel the blood that Bob makes me pump through my brain because the drugs and oh Bob, I like it.
What if somebody isn't really good with throat noises? Will you still take their money?
We do not require proof of subgeniusness at all.
We often find that we're able to, once they join up, we're able to get them off to one of our subgenius retreats,
change their diet, start feeding them propaganda, repeating the same thing over and over again until they forget who they are.
And start responding only to our dogma.
But it's all real. It's really real. It was really, really real at the time we were there.
The communications are wide open. We can hear everything coming down that pike, coming our way.
And we like to be on the radio and talk to all the boys and girls that are all out there.
We're letters and keep them cards and letters coming, girls.
And send pictures of yourselves, if you know what I mean.
Because we need more girls.
And bring your rich fathers and we'll convince them that we're not really that weird and we can get some money
and really make him a lot more money because we're a modern mystical business family.
Marvelous. The smell of success is never too sweet.
We can help you out.
I think we're being sold a bill, a big bill of goods.
And it's just astounding.
Well, when you're young, they told you at school all that crap off about the golden rule.
Trying to make you such a good little different, didn't they know?
The night sky's never when you're running so hard over.
You never take a dare when you roll the wire and never see some fair.
I say, don't say that's good enough for this night sky, I wasn't thinking Sly Guy.
I was thinking Sly Guy, I wasn't thinking Sly Guy, I wasn't thinking Sly Guy...




I was saying it last, last, last, last, last, last.
Well, you take your flowers and you tell them that you love her.
And she says you're gonna call her.
She doesn't even bother.
And you sit around and wonder what the hell you did wrong.
It really doesn't matter.
Chris is off with another man.
You try and you try to make it all right.
She just says you're not her type.
But boy, you should have learned a long time ago.
You love that woman never that hard.
So what's the night, guys?
Guys, I was seeing this.
Guys, I was seeing this.
Guys, I was seeing this.
Last, last, last, last, last, last, last.
Well, preach and preach yourself
You gotta be good
And follow our rules
Like we said you should
And you try and you try
To be an honest man
But they'll stab you in the back
And you'll change
It's a fake hand
It feels like crime
It feels so evil
And it's so cheap
And it's so mean
And they didn't tell you
That the last one can
All they want
Are hard-earned kids
And nice guys
Always finish nice guys
Always finish nice guys
Always finish nice
Nice guys
Always finish nice guys
Always finish nice guys
Always finish nice guys
Always finish nice
Thanks man
Thanks margot
Thanks
Thanks
Thanks
Thanks
Thanks
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah


Yeah

Yeah


Yeah
Yeah

Yeah
Yeah
Yeah


Yeah








True
on their tape machine so they can take that dollar bill out of their pocket and hold it
by one end above the machine that they're listening on, whether it be the radio or the
tape recorder.
Hold it there on one end with two hands, right, one grasp on each corner, and hold it above
the machine, and you'll notice that it bends down and points towards the radio.
It will point down towards the center of that machine, right, where the real power is meeting
the wires, and it's all coming together.
It's coming out of the reality of the physical world and turning into the spirit world, and
there's a bridge there, and Bob can help you make that bridge to where the physical world
don't no longer mean nothing to you, and that dollar bill won't mean nothing to you, and
friend, I'm telling you that in five years, that dollar bill ain't going to mean nothing
in the world.
In the spirit world, the physical world, or the mental world to anybody.
It doesn't mean anything now.
It means very little.
It can mean a bottle of beer for some lost individual.
It can mean a cigarette or two.
It can mean enough gas to get you back home from the gas station, sure, but I tell you
what, when that tribulation money starts coming down, you're going to find out that those
little green pieces of paper made by the clones in Washington, the people that aren't people,
they're making that stuff, and it ain't going to happen.
It's going to be worth nothing.
You can't sleep on it.
You can't burn fires with it.
You can't stay warm with that.
You have to have too much of it, but I tell you what you don't need too much of, and that's
the word of Bob.
Yeah, what's all this kind of stuff that y'all are talking about?
Is it the new way of people's lifestyle, or is it something from the past that y'all
have been bringing up?
Well, we try to...
Our sources are really numerous.
Bob, our guru, has read an awful lot of cheap paperback books, cheap sci-fi stories.
He's written a few of them.
He has written a few.
He's got a new book out called Sleeping for Fitness, by the way, and he pretty much tries
to wrap up anything we read.
He applies a subgenius-like meaning to it.
It's really easier than you would think.
No matter how obscure a subject matter is, it seems...
It seems to fit right into the cult somehow or another, with only slight changes.
Oh, that's in the same category, then, as, like, the pet rock that you used to go buy
in that department store and all, right?
That's right.
That pet rock thing was the closest thing we've seen yet to the perfect money-making
formula, and we're trying to duplicate that same sort of thing.
Ah, huh.
Well, that's pretty neat.
I wish you a lot of luck.
Thanks a lot.
We're getting rich.
We'll see you next time.
Bye.










Bye.
Bye.
...spokesman for the church insists they came in under the cover name of United Churches
of Florida only after they had been repeatedly harassed when they tried to set up shop in
the open in other cities.
Bob's got...
Bob's got all the special...
The special medicines and the herbs and the...
And for every, uh...
And the sanctified pills and...
For every pamphlet order that...
Which we get, we, uh...
We distribute four pamphlets for free.
That's right.
Many of these pamphlets go to the people in Haiti.
You know that in Haiti there's children starving
and there's a false prophet running things down there.
Some of these pamphlets go to lost...
The Cuban airdrops.
That's right, the false Cubans.
And they fly over Cuba and drop thousands of pamphlets.
And they go to the homosexuals, friends.
Oh, use me, Jesus, use me.
Before the Antichrist, the mark of the beast takes over.
Save that soul close to hell.
Fail believers with the Holy Ghost and fire.
That one is sick.
I command that blindness, deafness, sugar, diabetes,
high blood pressure, stroke, cancer, arthritis, hemorrhoids,
every disease to come out, body, gut, the pits, whip, lung, jeez, the stain.
I say in the name of Jesus Christ, rise up and walk.
God put money in that empty purse.
Don't ever let them be broke again.
That one again, my ministry today, God, I'm going to command on Isaiah 45.
11, give it back to them.
104, bless their home, their bench, their farms, their cattle.
Everything they're having, let it take a touch, let it be blessed.
I felt the warmth of Jesus.
I want to heal the soul, Lord, yes, I'm healed.
Oh, yes.
You know you're healed.
Oh, I better, I feel better.
Yes, Jesus.
Oh, Lord.
And everywhere I spread my seed, I know I'm leaving a little bit of that gland of Bob,
that gland that we all carry.
And you can bring out.
That gland, the more of these special little Bibles and little translations we have
that are the only translation.
And they'll bring out that Bob gland in you that will make success come your way.
It will change the way the luck plane works for you.
I mean, the way the patterns and the special formulas and the way it all works in the universe,
the way it's all put together in a special mathematical way by who knows what all.
And no one can decode it, but we can sure.
Make it work our way if we just cleave to Bob,
cleave to the words of Bob and the foundation that's trying to help Bob and his ministers.
You cannot help Bob without helping the ministers of Bob.
Woo-hoo-hoo! Praise the Lord!
It feels all right.
Oh, yes.
Put your hands up. Praise the Lord.
A bottle of anointing oil from overseas.
There's no charge.
And it's sacred.
I don't feel like making any charge, but it'd be worth a lot to you.
Anoint your doorposts that no plague can come your dwelling.
This is for protection, and this is for prevention.
So ask right now.
The oil represents the Holy Spirit.
And I want you to keep this bottle of oil.
It's anointing oil.
Anoint yourself when you need a ministry.
Anoint your loved ones when that needs to be healed.
So I'm not going to take up a lot of time, but you'll need it.
And alas, it's for Jesus.
And the Lord has come.
A bottle of olive oil.
Anointing oil from overseas.
Friends, it's not just...
You can be holding that dollar bill.
You can be holding the radio.
You can be feeling the power.
But that's just a tip of the iceberg to what it feels like when you put that dollar in an envelope.
And you put your address on one corner.
And you put that special address, the sacred box number.
Here it comes again.
Have you got a pencil?
It's the Subgenius Foundation or Church of the Subgenius.
Or just say Bob.
Just say anything.
And right there.
And you put that check to the Subgenius Foundation.
And that address is P.O. Box.
807 Glen Rose, Texas 76043.
I mean, Bob has been moving in Dallas for a long time.
He's helped our ministry here.
And he's spreading it out.
It started in Texas.
That's where it first went public.
He's been with all the politicians.
And the crooked politicians, too.
And the honest politicians.
And all of them.
And I noticed, speaking of the Chrysler Corporation, which Bob has been working with, trying to pull them out and help them get out of their debt.
Hallelujah for Bob and all the workers that are employed by the Chrysler Corporation.
They make Chryslers and Dodges and Plymouths.
And I believe Bob just left now that Chrysler is just about back on their feet again.
Of course, Bob was instrumental.
And if you've seen Frank Sinatra.
And all the celebrities that are now doing commercials for Chrysler Corporation.
Bob was instrumental in getting all of those people to come and do commercials for the Chrysler Corporation.
He also arranged the federal loan money to the Chrysler Corporation to keep their head above water.
I think it's really admirable that there are so many people employed, still employed, these days.
And we're making a wonderful American product.
Oh, Bob.
Thank you for this message.
Thank you.
The American people can drive an American-built car.
And Bob was so instrumental in helping work towards that.
Oh, friends, I ask you, what is America if it's not the very spirit of Bob?
America at its best.
When America is standing on its feet, you're seeing Bob work miracles in the whole country.
He's working it through the big men behind the big oak desks.
That's right.
He's the one man working on that plant.
And he's bringing it all together.
I mean, he's changing.
America is not going to get pushed around anymore.
So that we do not lose our republic.
You remember, friends, if we lose our republic, the whole world goes down the tube.
Because where will the good people come from if they don't come from America?
They'll work for America.
Within our country.
Everything is wonderful here.

And every day we celebrate what we do with the freedom we hold.
And that means helping people andtheir children versus what's northwest.
Women are the king of our society.
Pop권 will fight for America.

Iraq will Rubne has been brought into power into the hands of the Christians.
And the essentials costs for America.
guerra medal Juan Carlos errara
The crowd's cheering for me
I wanna be a football hero
I want to be on the cover team
All my friends will be talking about it
I'd be a star if there's no doubt about it
With my life such a drag
I wanna be a football hero
So man
Well I'd be so highly respected
For my football play abilities
I'd give autographs and interviews
And those stories in the newspaper about me
There's commercials on the television
With running through albums
It's like O.J. Simpson
Oh I wanna be a football hero
I wanna be a football hero

I wanna hear the crowd cheering for me
I wanna be a football hero
I want to be on the cover team
All my friends will be talking about it
I'd be a star if there's no doubt about it
With my life such a drag
I wanna be a football hero
So man
The sound of the crowd is so enticing
Oh the thrill of it all would be so exciting
To see it live
Life's been so boring lately
The days gone by and they're all just the same
I go to work and I come home
I go to work and I come home
I go to work and I come home
It's just another faceless dream
Life could be much more intriguing
If I could just make it in the big leagues
Oh I
Wanna be a football hero
I wanna hear the crowd cheering for me
I wanna be a football hero
I want to be on the cover team
All my friends will be talking about it
I'd be a star if there's no doubt about it
With my life such a drag
I wanna be a football hero
Oh the thrill of it all would be so exciting
Yeah
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Really great songs.
But it did sound, he did sound like he was trying to sound like Elvis Costello.
And right about the time that the subgenius pamphlets were getting attention from our heroes, like Robert Crumb,
the Pink Boys got a response from Ralph Records to their demo album.
And that's the Residence Records label, right?
Yeah, yeah.
Ralph Records was the cool, and they said, we listen to your tape and it's really good,
but don't you feel you owe an explanation to Elvis Costello?
And the other, the guitar player and the drummer laughed their asses off, thought it was hilarious.
But Monty was so offended by that, that he broke up the band and swore he would deny the world his greatness.
On account of what this, what's her name at Ralph Records had said.
Well, you know, if I can say it, if they can't take a joke, you know what we do to them in the church.
Well, that's the thing.
I mean, exactly.
Exactly.
You've got to have a bit of a thicker skin.
I know.
To get into the goddamn music business.
Give me a break.
Right?
Come on.
That's shark territory.
Well, there are all these.
It's like getting a dick sucking to get off on next day, man.
Jesus.
All these trigger issues.
By the way, you've seen Trigger's stuffed self, haven't you?
And the Roy Rogers.
What is the Trigger sign, by the way?
You never did.
Well, he had taxidermist prepare his beloved mount, Trigger.
You knew?
Yeah.
Roy Rogers and Trigger.
The Pink Boys did some great covers like Paint It Black, Glad All Over, and Love Potion No. 9.
As far as I know, the only recordings of those songs were made by me in Dallas clubs and parties using a boom box that would record on cassettes.
But among the ones that are recorded okay, I have a favorite.
Here it is.
Love Potion No. 9.
Love Potion No. 9.
Love Potion No. 9.
Love Potion No. 9.
Love Potion No. 9.
Love Potion No. 9.
He can take away Algorithm
Secret fulfilment
Ladies and gentlemen, they're killing me right now.
I'm taking away your heart.
Lying on the river one day.
Lay down a bomb in your family's neck and feet.
Well, don't let the robbers slip.
Well, kids can't pursue me, Sidney.
I'll tell you a little to see the money.
A secret.
And you and I, and you and I,
they're killing me right now.
I'm taking away your heart.
They're killing me right now.
I'm taking away your heart.
I'm taking away your heart.
I'm taking away your heart.
I'm taking away your heart.
I'm taking away your heart.
I'm taking away your heart.
I'm taking away your heart.
Out into the
Thank you, Monty Doge and the Pink Boys.
Sorry how it all turned out, but at least there's still subgenius.com.
Praise Bob.
Oh, and this music in the background is Cyber Chump.
Cyber Chump.
Again, subgenius.com.
Praise Bob.
