What is with the completeness of love?
I know that you love me like I love you
And there is no mistrust and no remorse
Even if it wasn't the first
I will still be your love
Two hundred hours of slack
Life on the air
Yes, friends, we're back.
The show that...
The only radio show in the Southwest
that probably plays more pieces of music
by perpetrators of the Tate murders,
the Tate-LaBianca murders,
than any other show.
Ah, yes, dear friend.
As my old...
As old Will here says,
I love you
like I love you
And I look forward to...
A sub-genius power
That...
And they said, yea, though it causeth my ears anguish and my brain to hurt between my ears,
nevertheless it is good.
Do me a favor. Me. Kill me. Right here. Kill me first. Do me a favor.
Because you're driving me crazy.
This is Bob speaking. You say that, you make yourself sure sound dumb.
Loosen some of your halos, sister.
Praise the Lord.
Now let's talk about ice sheet.
Yeah, ice sheet.
Let's, no, let's not talk about ice sheet, dear friends.
Yeah, them crazy, crazy, crazy rooskies.
They sing church in a pretty white dress.
Squeezes a hem, no tie to a breast.
Sings like an angel, sweats like a thief.
Bit me last night like it over the ear.
Hey, hey, we're so wild.
All your farmer's daughters gonna repunt your soul.
Hey, hey, we're so wild.
Dance and make a filthy move.
They'd be taking union with the rest of the clan.
They bought a pack-toon to her to the Holy Land.
At the shot of a virgin, she was dressed to kill.
With her mad dog, 20, and her book-and-cloth pills.
Hey, hey, we're so wild.
All your farmer's daughters gonna repunt your soul.
Hey, hey, we're so wild.
Dance and make a filthy move.
Dance and make a filthy move.
Dance and make a filthy move.
Hold your hands, hands, hands and legs job.
Hands, hands, hands and legs job.
Burn it, burn it, Burn it, Burn it, Burn it.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
Although I'm not a small town boy, I was definitely raised among the tool-using primates of Baptist Fort Worth.
Well, dear friends, we've decided we're just going to come right out tonight and explain this show.
200th anniversary Hour of Slack, by the way.
The Hour of Slack is basically predicated on the fact that the root of all evil is not money nor the lust for it, dear friends,
but religion.
That's right.
We hate religion.
And by religion, we don't mean just piddling little Christianity or Islam.
We mean anything that people accept uncritically on faith, except, of course, the church of the subgenius.
Now, your religion might be rock and roll or sports or drugs or fancy book authors
or might even just be yourself if you're that conceited.
I can understand.
I understand that.
I used not to mind Jesus, myself, actually, just his fan club.
But lately, you know, even Jesus has kind of bugged me.
Now, if the historical record is accurate, which I'm almost certain it isn't,
you know, if you look close enough, even Jesus can look bad.
If anybody can, my daughter sat on my lap this morning and said,
Daddy, you've got dead skin all over your face.
And I said, well, quit looking so close.
But, you know, think about it.
The miracles in the New Testament now, you know, for instance,
Jesus exercised the demons out of this loony in Gabardine,
and he put these devils into 2,000 swine, pigs, and they all ran off the cliff and drowned.
Now, friends, back in those days, 2,000 pigs could feed a lot of people.
They could feed a lot of people today.
I mean, it's kind of a waste of miracles, really.
And turning water into wine.
Now, that happened at something that was already a drunken party,
and people's only complaint was that they'd run out of wine.
You know, couldn't he have, you know, invented a cure for drug addiction?
And curing one or two lepers.
I mean, how come not more?
Why not all the lepers?
Why couldn't he?
He just pulled a smallpox vaccine out of his magic bag.
You know, every religious leader, from Buddha to Joseph Smith of the Mormons,
can cure a leper or two.
It's a big deal.
Edgar Cayce performed more miracles than Jesus and is better documented,
and he was just a hick American.
Now, I understand the religious impulse.
That's human nature, dear friends.
We need meaning in our lives.
And religion is the easiest way to get it.
It provides a fake veneer of justice and order where there isn't any.
You know, what's the difference between religion and drugs?
Either way, you're getting sedated from an outside source.
And many people combine both.
One heavy acid trip can do more to turn a person on to God in their heart of hearts
than years of faithful church going,
and what does that tell you?
It's the reason the subgenius...
...of this church makes such a good religion or drug
is because it's so malleable.
It's a fluid belief system.
You can drink it.
You can smoke it.
You can eat it.
And you can even excrete it, dear friends.
But don't do that while we're on the air.
It adapts to any political climate
and still provides explanations for a screwed up world that sound good.
And it's honest because even Dobbs admits that that's all it is.
It just sounds good.
Although it's beneficial in a business sense, like the masons.
It's a good way to meet people of similar dissimilarity.
And many subgenii have made money off of each other
in productive trade relationships of all kinds.
Of course, the real religion, dear friends, is sex and guns, but mainly sex.
That's the only religion you were really born with.
And if you're healthy, just to squirt should provide more than enough meaning in your life
even if you do it all by yourself.
And believe it or not, the church has not been particularly helpful in this respect.
And it's not really a good place to meet girls.
Sure, it's worked that way in some cases, but those are mostly limited to subgenius radio personnel.
I believe that that's because the church tends to attract loners and eccentrics.
A few total idiots and mad crazies.
But really, the last thing a lonely loner needs
is another eccentric loner.
So, a bob and the church do not provide that most crucial element of your life
because you can't copulate with the church.
But it nevertheless provides at least a good jumping off point
for the second most necessary thing, which is fake meaning for life.
It reassures you that your version of meaning is as valid as the next guy's
and that it's perfectly okay if it's yours alone.
It reassures you that you aren't the only one who suspects
your grandma's crazy when she says all unbaptized babies will fry in hell for eternity
just because they didn't have written contracts with God Jr.
It's a reassurance that just reminds you all the time that that's all it is.
A reassurance.
The real bottom level assurance and beliefs that you started with are still yours.
You can keep them.
We merely provide expert help in the window dressing of these things.
For a price, of course.
But, you know this church.
The church is cheaper than most of your store-bought religions.
You get more for your dollar.
It's less habit forming and it's really easy to kick.
Dobbs, believe it or not.
Honest.
You don't believe me?
Because, see, Bob doesn't want to be the monkey on your back, dear friends.
He's got better things to do.
Unlike certain versions of Jesus.
Sure, you want supernatural help.
Everybody wants something for nothing and it's pretty tempting to believe you're getting it.
But our experiment has proved, I think, that you can get it without even believing in it.
It's all faith healing and placebos and Jesus is a placebo and so is Bob.
And that doesn't demean either one of them.
Although it does elevate the useless sugar pill to deity status.
And it's too bad.
That's the way it is.
And it doesn't leave you in a lonely abyss of disbelief.
In fact, it puts you in some damn good company.
You become a peer of Jesus, Bob, and the placebo pill, too.
You're as good or as bad as you think you are.
And I hope you think you're so good you're bad.
And so you therefore act accordingly and not mess up everybody else's day.
Thank y'all.
So...
That's it.
We just explained it all.
Now we don't have to do anything else for the rest of the hour.
Oh, you do, though.
You can call for information in Dallas, Texas.
From 9 to 10 o'clock p.m. Central Standard Time.
At 8 to 3.
7-4-9-0.
That's right.
8-2-3-7-4-9-0.
Speak to Will O'Dobbs.
One of Bob's chosen fishers of wallets.
And, uh...
Yeah.
There he is on the phone again.
Call in, he says.
This is Gil Prosciutto for the Money Mall.
At the Money Mall, we help you with the only buy-to system left in the civilized world.
We got money for you to buy or sell.
Buy money, sell money.
Money to lend, to save, to store in a cool place.
Money for all occasions.
Money to lease, loan, dig up, burn, fritter away, hoard, extort, beg, borrow, invest, loan
shock.
You name it, we'll arrange it.
Deferred payment plans are available until you can't stand it any longer.
Lump sum payment plan, rotating charge accounts, budget allotments, monthly allowances, blue
chip point plans, low yield, high gain annual annuities, kickbacks, plain brown bags, unnumbered
Swiss bank accounts, bag men and women, slush funds, duplicate books, missing accountants,
counterfeit or confederate non-sequential bills, phony credit cards, social security
numbers, and the dead are missing.
Yes, money to buy, sell, or burn, all in an attractive package available under an unlisted
phone number.
Why wait?
Call the nearest office at the Money Mall.
False dependents, phony exemptions, notary publics, and eyewitnesses to transactions.
Get them all before they're hot.
Call us at the Money Mall.
Subsidiary of Great White Loan Company, Macon, New Jersey.
What does Bob do?
Does Bob yield?
Well, if Bob gets wrong and I get wrong, that must be all right.
Well, if Bob gets wrong and I get wrong, that must be all right.

Well, if Bob gets wrong and I get wrong, that must be all right.
Well, if Bob gets wrong and I get wrong, that must be all right.
That must be all right.

That must be all right.
Well, you know, things were different in my day.
I mean, these kids these days, they walk around like they were, like they were zombies.
I mean, that's what really makes me mad.
Back when I was a zombie, things were a little bit different.
You know, when we rose from the dead, it was at 6 a.m., not noon.
And we ate the flesh of a young woman's corpse, we did it with respect.
Respect for the woman and respect for the corpse.
And kids these days are walking around with just computerized this, that, video games.
I remember back in my day, I didn't even know what video games were.
In my day, just to iron clothes, we just had to heat our hands up over a stove and then just rub your hot hand over the clothes.
Well, it's all these body eatings that made people spoiled.
Yeah, I remember back in my day, just to even walk to school in the morning, I had to walk across the surface of the sun while swallowing fish hooks.
That was on a cold day, too.
Yeah, in a snowstorm.
You know, the trick of picking chicken is picking what chicken to pick.
Like this fowl I plucked the other day.
Look how plump and funny.
I had to put it out of its misery, but it looked so funny in its little bag.
You can trick and kick that chicken, but you've got the right chicken to pick.
Yeah.
Well, we'll let you go back to sleep.
This has been educational.
And we'll send you a copy, a simul-fax copy of your words.
Write for another copy of our experiment.
But you're hearing right now, right?
You get to hear how intelligent.
You're hearing for the very first time the copy of yourself right now.
You're not going to stand up and hear my tape played.
You're going to hear your tape played.
And it won't be in a secretary around until you raise a part of it.
You might need to just take off and run.
Bob's running with the devil.
So you're going to run way to the other one.
One way or the other.
What else do you do?
Come on, kids.
Honey.
Well, here we are.
The park.
Come on, everybody.
Welcome to Synthetic National Park 116B.
I'm Jack, your animatronic ranger and guide.
Please step on conveyor and press A for nature excursion.
Okay.
Kindly direct your attention to the astroturf and fabric forest.
You will notice the mechanized bears are not threatened by us
and will not respond in a hostile manner, unlike real bears of the past.
And over on the right are 3D computer-generated water birds.
Hey, that's not real water in those rapids, is it?
Of course not.
It's basically recycled liquid waste
and salvaged oil spills from tanker accidents dyed blue and white
and mechanically propelled by small nuclear rotors for a historically correct effect.
We're proud to say it's almost aesthetically perfect as well.
What about the clouds and the blue sky?
Computer-generated.
What about the warm temperatures?
Greenhouse effect.
Not bad for New York in February, huh?
Yes, thanks to the efforts of one-time president George Bush over a hundred years ago,
real parks were cleared away and controlled, easy-to-maintain environments like this one were created.
Which park was this?
It was called Central Park, I believe, but I'm only a ranger, not a historian.
Please, follow me, folks. There's much more of the park to see.
The Central Park
The Central Park
The Central Park
The Central Park
The Central Park
Having trouble getting the children to eat their food, Mom?
Kids complaining that they don't like the taste of fish?
Try Mrs. Flaber's deflavored fish, the fish that doesn't taste like anything.
That caviar was great, Mom.
Pass the end, George.
Chauviste.
Thanks for dinner, dear. It was tasteless.
They didn't taste a thing. And you will, too, when you serve Mrs. Flaber's deflavored fish, the fish that needs no flavoring.
Marge, that tasted like nothing I've ever had.
Never taste that fishy taste of fish again with Mrs. Flaber's deflavored food.
Waiter, I'd like to try some of that delicious fish.
But you just ate your fish, ma'am.
Oh.
What a catch. Whole fish without the flavor.
Try the same fish the fast food restaurants use.
Mrs. Flaber's freeze-dried deflavored fish.
In sticks, cakes, slabs, or bakes.
Mrs. Flaber's. That man of yours will say...
What was that, honey?
Yeah, that's a good question, dear friends.
Thanks to Reverend Bleepo Abernathy up in Manhattan.
Uh...
At K-1.
Rocks.
The biggest station in New York.
He gets better equipment than I do.
It makes him think up funny jokes.
But those ads were all real, and those were just things he happened to catch off the air.
They just happened to have his voice. Thank y'all.
Oh, and now, the man you've all been waiting for, I'm sure, after his many appearances here on the show, Papa Joe Mama. Thank y'all.
Hello, friends.
And welcome.
Hello, friends.

Tonight's sermon is entitled, Free Thought.
You get what you pay for.
Now, the Church of the Subgenius has always encouraged free thought, friends.
Don't get me wrong. We've always been behind free thought. You know that. I know that. Everyone knows that.
It's only when you want to know what you think...
What you think.
...that we charge a donation.
And that's also why the Church says, anything worth knowing is worth paying for.
Now, you have all these so-called normals, these average Joe-blows, the mediocre majority, the folks who have to go to school to learn how to learn.
Oh, yes, they think they know how to think. Because why?
Because why?
Because they got a piece of paper.
A piece of paper, friends, that says they know how to think.
A diploma, friends.
Created, maintained, signed, sealed, and delivered by who?
The conspiracy!
Oh, sure, they pay good money for that piece of paper, too. Let me tell you.
Ooh, boy!
You pay a whole lot of money for it.
More than we would ever dream of stealing from you.
Investing for you.
But does a conspiracy teach you?
What you think, friends?
Hell no!
The conspiracy teaches you what they think!
Why, they're so scared that someone out there might in fact trip upon the truth and think a real independent thought for themselves.
A thought-funk without the guidance of the conspiracy.
A non-conspiracy concept that they force you and everyone else to go to their conspiracy training schools.
For the most formative and most imaginative of their years.
And they won't let you out, friends.
Not until you conform to their normality!
Or one of their carefully selected alternative normalities.
Oh yes, you know what I'm talking about.
I'm talking about those hippies, those punks, those skinheads, who wouldn't be called dead!
Think of anything!
But the hippest!
Punkest!
Skinniest thoughts!
Oh sure, friends.
They think they're thinking.
They think they're rebelling.
But they've only joined another branch of the conspiracy corps.
Oh, they're out of the army, alright.
And they're into one of the other arms of the conspiracy octopus.
Oh, but I disobey all the laws and everything that they tell me to do, friends.
That's just reverse psychology they're using on you.
The conspiracy is a master of reverse psychology.
They want you to disobey them.
Just say no means just say yes.
Why do you think they call it dope?
They want you to pacify your brain with drugs.
They want you to transmit AIDS via every natural orifice.
And every unnatural one too, friends.
It gives them something to waste your time with to avoid getting slack.
While simultaneously providing junk food for thought.
To fuel their media hype.
Something for them to market.
And then take from the market.
And then black market.
And then ban.
And then regulate.
And all the while, you think it's just fabric stamps.
Supply and demand.
Who are you, Ford?
They do the supply and they do the demand too.
And you think you're so clever because you cheated on last year's income tax.
Oh, friends.
So much for your free thought.
It was worth precisely what you paid.
Nothing.
Nothing at all.
And I bet you still don't know what the hell I'm talking about.
Oh, no.
I pity you.
Wherever you may be.
Oh, how I pity you.
And Bob pities you even more, friends.
But let us not here at the Church of the Subgenius get too smug.
Too self-righteous.
Too high and mighty.
Because, friends, we all know there's plenty of white pseudo-subgenies out there who just
pretend to think for themselves.
Why do they come to the church, friends?
Because they think it's cool.
They can't understand what we're talking about, friends.
It sounds like a big joke to them.
A riddle.
Something to laugh about.
Well, ha, ha, ha.
That's just fine and dandy.
We'll take your money, friends.
But we ain't touching your soul.
Hell, no.
And then again, it's not like you give a lot of money anyway.
You're afraid to know what you think.
You're scared.
You're frightened.
There may not be anything.
Well, friends, there's only one way to find out.
And that's to put your money where your mind is.
And if you don't get a quick, prompt response in six to eight weeks, well, friends, you
can just assume the worst.
Tell them that address and praise Bob.
Amen.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
And you can indeed get that free information from Bob at the Church of the Subgenius.
You can get that free information at, got that pencil ready?
P.O.
Box 140306 here in mighty Dallas, Texas 75214.
Once again, that's Bob at Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Give thanks to Bob, our eternal hope.
And praise me to earth and heaven.

individually By Bob Arch Network.
As we go now on a journey, but love each other as you do who you love and not other35-year-old
dificulties, from the point of view of tietie iron, j mars and Luватia, we may not welcome
часть moxib grund touräschen der syndik��ering.
So please join me on facebook page Nikki artık oder youtube.

And I would potatoes also welcome your apostasy partner if they're
more experienced friends.
I hope you fantclipse well along the way.

J.R. Bob Dobbs never fails. He's the living slack master of mystic sales. All you conspiracy dupes, just you wait till July the 5th, 1998.
J.R. Bob Dobbs, 1998. Invaders will come from Planet X, bringing gifts of money, time control and great sex. A new age will dawn and we'll never look back. We'll be busy enjoying our slacks.
J.R. Bob here I'm Lee, we beseech thee, help us be free from normalcy.
J.R.
J.R. We're done devoted and dumped on back. Please give us an hour of slack.
J.R. He's the bridge between heaven and earth and hell. He's the patron saint of sales. Yeah, he's doing well.
J.R. Lead your cretins and normals and hymns beware. The slack master sells everywhere.
J.R. Give thanks to Bob.
J.R. Give thanks to Bob.
J.R. Our eternal love.
J.R. Praise be to Owen.
J.R. And praise be to Owen.
J.R. You take us on.
J.R. We're fickle and free and we don't make no fuss.
J.R. At the church of the subgenius.
J.R. Everybody now.
J.R. Give thanks to Bob, our eternal hope.
J.R. And praise be to Owen.
J.R. You take us on.
J.R. We're fickle and free and we don't make no fuss.
J.R. At the church of the subgenius.
of genius.
Give thanks
to Lord our eternal
hope, and praise
me to owe in you
Jersey's coat.
We're single and free,
and we don't make no fuss.
Oh,
yes, dear friends.
Lovely, lovely
tune there. That was
from Tony, Reverend Tony
Brower,
a listener in
New Jersey, and
he's referring there in the song
to
Irwin, New Jersey's
Pope. That's Reverend Iron, who
was here on the show a few months back.
Hi there,
Iron. Kids say hi.
Uh, yes.
It is an hour
of slack, isn't it?
Well, no,
it's only a half hour at this point,
and it must be carefully contained
or it will reach
fusion point, and you'll all
be sorry, won't you?
Embarrass you to death in a few moments.
You need to run? That means you need
to premeditate your pressure points.
Brother Bob, the devil's after me all the time.
I said, wait, really?
Because the devil doesn't ever bother me much.
He usually puts a demon or two on me, and they can take care of me.
If the phone rings and there's somebody you don't
want to talk to, run from the phone!
Push me, push, push.
The octo-emet
nearly invaded the sub.
We're going to continue until we...
We'll fire seven nuclear missiles
into the fiery froth, and perhaps that'll
put out the fire somehow, though don't ask me why.
Thank you, thank you very much.
We're determined to go ahead with this
course of action. Right or wrong,
my country, never shall I say thee nay.
I'm sharpening up my knife here.
We're sharpening up our tools, getting ready to
invade Ethiopia
with Mussolini and his boys.
Oh, uh, take a look at that over there.
That one seems to be well-expressed,
but it's wasting itself.
Oh, that's what I was looking for.
The moon unaddressed with a new sun.
Snow gave the lustre of mid-may
to objects below,
from what can be wondered when I should appear,
but a basset hound humping a cast-iron
lawn deer. Away to the window
I flew in a flash, tore open
the shutters and threw up the sash.
Gold, gold!
There's gold in them there mills.
I'm sorry,
I didn't know it would be that painful.
No.
How many times have I really blew it?
How many times have you wished you could do something?
Thank you, thank you.
Well, now you can.
If you listen to Subgenius Radio,
you'll soon know how to confound your enemies
and even puzzle and bother your friends.
It's easy.
Just do as the doctors of the air do.
Listen to their inflections.
Copy their every word.
Soon you'll know that there's a show ongoing everywhere,
around you now, even as you think, sleep,
defecate or go about your family further business.
So remember, there's a show where you look to find it.
This is Subgenius Radio.
I'm your host, Mr. Chip,
and I'm brought to you by the doctors of the air.
I have a .
Okay.
More God hate here.
And watch.
Watch lightning not strike us dead.
There was this very powerful man.
In fact, he was more than a powerful man.
He was more like a force, of course, of course.
He was the one who threw the switch.
The switch was wired to the sun's rays.
Then it went right out,
it made the earth.
It did it all in seven days.
I did not make this story up.
It has been going around for years.
It first came out of this old book with a capital BCC.
They say there's wisdom in that book.
More than you'll find in a bottle of scotch.
And if you buy what's in that book,
perhaps you'd like to buy this watch.
Oh God, oh God, you give me such a pain.
When I think of all the things we do and don't do in your name.
Are you love?
Are you lighter?
Are you just a man?
I just hope I'm on your side when the sh** all hits the fan.
When I was but a little lad, I stood before the throne of our Lord.
A wide-eyed open bundle of youth, but not quite on the search for truth.
I saw the water turn to wine.
I saw the church's coffers grow.
I saw more miracles in there than at the circus magic show.
There was this kindly man of the clock.
This man of the clock, he was a good man.










He took me by the hand.
This man said I should stand erect and wait for God and His command.
This man, he taught me wrong from right.
To love the sinner and hate the sin.
Only word from God I heard was not to be alone with this man.
Oh God, oh God, you give me such a pain.
When I think of all the things we do and don't do in your name.
Are you love?
Are you lighter?
Are you just a man?
I just hope I'm on your side when the sh** all hits the fan.






I've got my crystals and I've got my chance.
The girls think I'm cool in my tai chi pants.
All I really want to know is what I have to buy.
So when I kick, I can shake his hand and look him in the eye.
There are so many Gods right now it just could drive a man insane.
And all these people say things they know not to say.


running around and slit your throat in his good name.
They all got holy beads and books
that make their God the one to know,
but I ain't never met no one
who's been up there to see his show.
So don't be coming round to me
with all your holy cosmic sloth,
and don't be showing off your God
like he's the latest spandex top.
All Christian soldiers go to war,
crusading for the Prince of Peace.
The only preacher you can trust
will give the most at absolute ease.
Oh God, oh God,
you give me such a pain
when I think of all the things we do
and don't do in your name.
Are you love? Are you liar?
Are you just a man?
I just hope I'm on your side
when the shit all hits the fan.
Nonsense. Nonsense, nonsense, nonsense.
I don't feel very nice.
I feel as if I'm having a bad dream.
He looks perfectly pitiful.
I think it's just awful.
Awful, awful.
I was wrong.
We were struck.
We were struck for playing that awful,
all this God hate stuff.
Actually, that was Reverend Joe Paulino.
So he's the one who's going to hell.
Not me.
No, no, because we're going to quit hating
religion for a minute,
and we'll go back to hating politics.
Yeah, that's okay.
Let's hate left wing and right wing,
all radicals and reactionaries
and middle of the rotors most of all
from our,
lofty perch high above.
Ah, yes.
Thank you, dear friends.
Now from Metro Meaningless Mayor,
the last heterosexual.
His desire was unquenchable for the other sex.
His search was unending for a straight bar.
He was not into leather.
The last heterosexual.
You want to open your bags?
There was nothing in there but a vase
and some clutch cigarettes.
Oh, yeah?
What do you call this?
Blue Boy?
Oh, that penthouse magazine.
That belongs to my sister.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, yeah.
Sure, sure.
Take him away.
Obviously the victim of a mental disorder.
I wouldn't read that.
Friggin' pervert.
The last heterosexual.
His friends pressured him.
Come on, Dave.
The same old nitrate is bought.
His parents shunned him.
He acted like any other normal boy.
He played with dolls.
He decorated our home.
He wanted to work in the State Department.
But in the end, he was alone.
The last heterosexual.
Okay, okay.
So I'm not gay, but I'm happy.
What a person does in his private life
is not his own business,
as you'll see in
The Last Heterosexual.
Rated CA.
Consenting adults only.
Time now for the George Bush workout
with your host, George Bush.
Okay, America.
Let's get ready to go through the motions
like I do every day.
Going through the motions.
Ready?
Here we go.
Pick up that pen.
Come on, pick it up.
Pick it up.
Now sign a veto for new welfare increases.
One, two.
Doesn't that feel good?
Hey, what's this?
A bill to make experimental drugs available to AIDS patients?
Veto, veto.
Shoot it down.
Shoot it down.
Okay.
Higher minimum wage?
Yeah, sure.
Ha, ha, ha.
No, you don't.
No, you don't.
Greenhouse effect.
Never heard of it.
Never heard of it.
One, two.
And stretch the truth.
Stretch, stretch, stretch the truth.
Feels good, doesn't it?
Now, one and two.
Ollie North, a pardon?
Maybe, maybe.
Think about it.
Think about it.
Not important right now.
EPA, not responsible for the Exxon spill.
One, two.
One and two.
And drug problems.
Import, export.
Condone, condemn.
Condone, condemn.
Now, Iran-Contra.
Hey, let it lay.
Let it lay.
Okay, read my lips.
Let's put the past behind us.
Come on.
Put it, put it, put it behind you.
All the way behind you.
One, two.
One, two.
Now, this is the tough part of the workout, keeping the NRA happy.
Ban all imported semi-automatic and automatic weapons except the ones made in the USA.
Those are different from the bad foreign guns.
Feel the burn.
Feel the burn.
No pain, no gain.
Now, let's all take back the streets.
Come on, take them.
Take them.
Take them.
One, two.
Fight crime.
Thousand points of light.
Stay on course.
Quid pro quo.
Here we go.
Vo-de-o-do.
Isn't this fun, going through the motions?
This is the greatest, and you'll feel better every time you do this program.
I'm telling you right now.
You can be sure of that.
One, two.
One, two, three.
Don't miss tuning in to the George Bush workout tomorrow when George will concentrate
on development of the private sector.
And thank you for watching.













I'm the Reverend Bleepo Abernathy.
And that's it for the Bleepo Abernathy production demo, dear friends.
I've now played all of it on the Hour of Slack.
But what you haven't heard is the...
I have a hint, excuse me, as to the meaning of this.
Oh, good.
If you look in the National Dream Book...
You're hearing a preacher preach.
I hope you're listening.
I hope you're listening.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Man, those first few months I wore out three pair of breeches.
I learned to talk to God.
See, because for a person to get saved and just quit smoking, drinking, cussing, chewing,
and acting like they're drying up and dying, they become born to death.
How are we doing, gentlemen?
This is a good enough time for a general business meeting, I think.
Doctor Fireside's business meeting.
Now, Pete, you're in charge of our investments.
How are we doing there?
Our investitures, actually.
I'm in charge of our investments.
I've sold church property in Belgium, Great Britain, Wales, and southern France,
where the media, you know, is at least a week slow,
so they don't have any reports of the scandal.
Now, we charge extra, don't we, when they become a priest?
I hope we're still continuing that fine service.
We charge extra until a priest, by the way, because of the modern rules now,
is a man who has been pressed by us.
Yeah, well, they wear those pressed suits.
That's why most of them are...
Priest suits.
Priest suits are known as priests.
Most of them are newsmen.
Right, most of them are new, new newsmen.
New, news, gospel.
Gospel, yeah.
After all.
Right.
We shave their camera, right?
We take out all the really, you know, advanced f-stops
until they're really, you know, ready to open their eye up to God.
We keep them in until...
Yeah, so that's the investiture so far for the fire sign.
Also, the Help the Who Fund is going on pretty well.
What did you say?
The Help the Who?
The Help the Who Fund.
We're trying to raise $30,000 to help pay for the Who's new limousine.
Yeah.
To take a little burden off the economy.
And I must...
I want to just notice to you, make clear here,
I went through the old...
old files of the Help the Who...
the Help the Who campaign.
Well, we've been helping him...
We've been helping him ever since we found out who he was.
Yeah, right.
65, 66 actually, November.
It's interesting to note that the same limousine in 66
only cost us $17,336.
And it's been going up to $18,000, $19,000 in 67,
$21,000 in 1968.
Remember, we almost didn't make it.
Right.
And last year it cost us, well,
well, it cost us $27,665.
So this year,
we know it's going to cost $30,000
and we're pushing for it.
We hope we can get all that money.
So please, you know...
Mr. Punter?
If I knock on your door,
don't slam the old screen in my face.
We're going to have that telethon, aren't we?
Yeah, we're going to have the telethon.
Oh, somebody just come in with a contribution.
No, somebody just left
hearing that you were going to do the...
The Who fund is always...
It's not a drag.
It's just kind of heavy.
It's super dramatic after the show
when they put the lights on it
with the lead over the windows
and you come around with that basket.
We're going to have a drawing in Butte, Montana.
What are you going to be drawing, do you think?
Uh, lots.
Lots.
Not rain or crowds.
No.
Lies.
Cows are easy.
Cars are easy.
I can draw some of the late 50s cars.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, anyway, we've taken care of
religion and public service
and Dave Osmond,
who's in charge of art
for the Fireside Theater,
his report is next.
In the meantime,
all the amazing things
that have been going on
while the Chinese burn
rented bathing suits
to kill AIDS, yes?
Inspirational.
While tiny dinosaurs
were excavated
by...
Also Chinese.
Thousands of little...
Here's the guy
pulling one out of the...
Hey, get away from him.
He doesn't really smell.
He works out here
and he never really...
These foul-smelling fossils
indicate what life was like
during mid-Cretaceous times
75 million years ago.
It may be a painful process,
but one necessary
to good living,
healthy toilet habits,
and the understanding
of the advancement of science.
With only 15 minutes remaining
in the subgenius convention,
I think we have a caller
now down on the...
So we'll go to Charles B. Howard
and take that call now.
chapter 20 eccentric sexual theories the field of sexual pseudoscience is understandably vast
and grotesque hardly an aspect of sex has escaped the theorizing of eccentric biologists
the problem how the sexes came into being did gene splicing have to do with this early session
a kind of modern occult vision spliced gene simmons on the gene hollow and dr jeans got this
gene what a gene pool we drew from and in this warm and turgid gene pool
there goes a little color dropping into the color
tube he tried to warn him but he didn't get the gist or allegorical language
you see on the microscopic level contraction starts and uh well it's not pretty science
in fact terrible the excretion contract our vacuole the
diastolic
a rare public appearance at on sunday that's right i'll be signing my book what you can do about
skeletons in the closet at justin herman plaza dust in time for the nuclear holocaust which
will be descending on us all what was that noise mike that sound you just heard could
well be the result of a nuclear explosion somewhere down here at the bottom of the ocean
a lot of
Lenovo is argumenting

educate plans and
that him
we may have planted seeds in the dead soil of a lost world.
A world that may have to go on, if it goes on, without us.
Well, we don't just sit here with our heads in our hands, do we?
I mean, can't they be stopped some way?
Any suggestions, Bob?
Wake up.
Wake up.
Wake up.
What does that mean to you?
To kill everyone we've got to stop now.
Easy, Doug, easy.
The latest disclosure in a report from National Civil Defense Headquarters in Washington.
It has been established that persons who have recently died
have been returning to life and committing acts of murder.
A widespread investigation of reports from funeral homes, morgues, and hospitals
has concluded that the unburied dead are coming back to life.
I'm sorry, dear friends.
That was not supposed to be.
Broadcast.
Do not worry.
Stay in your homes.
The living dead are not roaming the streets.
This is not the evening of the rapture.
If a car in front of you is, however, unmanned in some way,
and you see the creature, get out.
Kill the brain, and the creature will die.
But there is no emergency.
I promise.
Uh, see?
See, it's soothing.
It's nice.
Actually, I had to cut that tape off so that I can play an inside subgenius joke song.
But before I get to that, though,
I hope our new friends on the peroxide front are listening, the H202 front.
But if you are, how do you know I'm not CIA?
I just might be better at it than Stillings.
Heh heh heh heh.
Nah.
No, no, no.
We're just kidding.
It's all just a little joke.
That's all.
And, uh, you can find out just how funny it really is by writing for free information.
We're going to give that sacred post office box number one more time.
Just drop a postcard, Bob.
Your friend, Bob.
At...
Post Office Box 140306.
In Dallas, Texas.
75214.
That's Box 140306.
Dallas, Texas.
75214.
And you can meet Bob.
You can get a Bob in your pants or purse or whatever.
You know?
Whatever.
Whatever you're after.
But before it gets cut off, because the swinging love corpses always end up getting cut off.
Speaking of the living dead, this, what I'm about to play, is a tune by our dear friends
of the church, the swinging love corpses, who are from St. Louis, Missouri, manned by
Dr. Philo Drummond, Captain Sphinx Drummond.
And their cousin, Ray Hay, stepbrother-in-law's mojo and Skippy and so on, and Leif Cowabunga.
This particular song, this is a live recording in a club, and they're singing about the subgenius
get-togethers known as Doc Stock.
Doc Stock is not like our big revival shows or devivals.
Uh, St. Louis.
The Nakedian Church calls them.
Uh, and many others.
The, the, uh, the Doc Stocks are by invitation only.
They're probably a little more like the Merry Pranksters, uh, um, Scholastic Aptitude Tests
in the olden days.
Just a lot of fun.
They don't happen around here, and you'll never find out where and why they do happen.
But you remember that song, Down in Monterey?
This, I think, was...
inspired by that song and, um, the Doc Stock experience.
By the way, lest I forget, what you were listening to earlier was a combination of the KPFA subgenius
show in Berkeley with, uh, puzzling evidence, Dr. Howell and Bob Nelson there, uh, engineering
and muttering, mixed with the Fireside Theater's ancient show from the 60s, from the late 60s,
tapes of the original show.
And it's amazing, you know, listening to that, how much of it, uh,
might as well have been done yesterday.
However, there were sections that, that, that I can't, couldn't play.
They could play in 1968, but I cannot play them in the 80s.
Because they, um, uh, because people would, uh, accuse us of, um, being, uh, trying to be funny about race.
So you can't do that anymore.
I can't.
Somebody else can.
And I'm sure does.
Anyway, friends, praise Bob.
This is the swing in love courses.
Thank you very much.
I appreciate it.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.



From across the nation they came and they saw
A new world begin in northern Arkansas
They drove the storm and pales of light
To their new awakening and dark, dark inside
They shared peace and love and through the times
The eternity was there and they were feeling fine
The zombies were there but they were few
There were mostly cool guys like me and you
And we got high, oh high on the dark mountain
Yeah we got high
Oh high on the dark mountain
Oh high on the dark mountain
People were happy, they were all having fun
While doctors survived was farming skulls in the sun
The corpses were swinging, they loved it about
Average corpses floated up foot off the ground
The band of dead and nine was speaking his name
While half-doctors on a clamshell was claiming their fame
Fart dog explosion and combo gang farts
Finished their sets just in time for lunch
So we got high, oh high on the dark mountain
Oh high on the dark mountain
Yeah we got high, oh high on the dark mountain
Yeah we got high, oh high on the dark mountain
Yeah we got high, oh high on the dark mountain
Yeah, t- Premiere track
Yeah it's a very cold farmer man
We ate lots of mushrooms
We commuted with nature
Now were we to know
We'd have to move our s**t later
500 colors flashed into my brain
My cell division occurred
In three or four planes
My brain was blasted
And my head feelin' thick
My eyeballs protruded
But I didn't get sick
I kept pinchin', fuzzin'
Can't see a dot
And we found that the paint
Had gotten all the best spots
So we got high
So high
I touched a mountain
Yeah we got high
So high
On Godstock Mountain
Yeah we got so high
We climbed way up on top of Godstock Mountain
On the way up there
We shot, smoked, drank everything inside
When we got up to the top
I realized I was too high
Oh my God
I may not be able to ever come down
On Godstock Mountain
Oh s**t
I don't think I'll get this high next year
Oh
Oh we got high
We got so high
But then finally we came back down
A little ways off of Godstock Mountain
I got too high
How many of you had acid tonight?
How many of you had taken acid tonight?
I got too high
How many people out there trippin'?
I'd say about 12 people out there
Alright
I count 13
We got high
High
Oh high
On Godstock Mountain
Now if that isn't an anti-drug song
I don't know what is
Because you certainly can't be left with the impression
That drugs make you sing well
I just wanted to throw that little joke out there

Disclaimer in friends
These boys are singing about being high on Bob
And that's all you need
Bob's the only real drug
He's the only one you can't come down from
It's a heavenly
Lovely thing
A confusing thing
But
You know what good are brains
In the late 80's anyway
Pope Meyer has so often said
Well dear friends
I guess
I guess we'll just say
We'll just sit here and keep playing tapes
Until somebody comes in to do another show
And we started a couple minutes late
So if anybody else is welcome to
This tape will run for another 15 or 20 minutes
This has been your host
Reverend Ivan Stang
By the way
Ivan Stang when you flip the letters around
Says Nat's Navy
Navy of Nats
Little bugs
Gnats you know
Hello I'm sorry
The body should be disposed of at once
Preferably by cremation
Well how long after death then
Does the body become reactivated
It's only a matter of minutes
Minutes well that doesn't give people time to make any arrangements
No you're right
It doesn't give them time to make funeral arrangements
Watch your country
Eat of my flesh
Drink of my blood
Drink of my blood
Baby, oh baby
Touch me baby
Deeper baby
Oh yeah
Ain't you ever had sex with someone
That you don't even know, yeah
You think that's funny?
I don't
You think I'm a prude?
Call me
Kennison doesn't stop there
He deliberately mocks Christ
He even takes on the crucifixion
He's on the cross
30, 40 Christians standing around going
It's a shame that he has to die
And Jesus is going
Well maybe I wouldn't have to
Let me get a ladder and a pair of pliers
In case you couldn't understand what he said
He said
I'm a prude

Well Christians were weeping at the cross
He said Jesus is up there saying
Would somebody get a ladder and a pair of pliers
Can't they be stopped?
Some way?
Any suggestions, Bob?
Time may have come for all of us to hold our tents
We, as opposed to they
May have to give up this little piece of real estate
We call the world
It may only be a matter of days
And meanwhile
Meanwhile
We prepare to get out just as fast as we can
Not only from this place here
But from the entire planet
While we still have the chance
While we still have the chance, dear friends
I will say this is K-N-O-N
89.3 FM
In Dallas, Texas
And you're still listening to the subgenius radio ministry
Hour of Slack
How about that?
Hey, you got more than an hour of Slack this time?
So I find now as some eight years ago
I was doing things for the first time
I am doing them now for the final time
As president, I will not again have the privilege of greeting you
I again assure you it has been a very great privilege
To have these contacts with a body
In which I find so many of my intimate friends
And alongside others at least
That I respect and admire
Even if I do not have the privilege
Of their personal acquaintanceship
And friendship
So thank you again and good luck
And keep going, that's all I can say
In which direction would you suggest, President?
Yeah, we'll just keep going
Up, up, up, up, up
Up we go
Well, they're up
Yep, they're up
There they go, they're heading down the field
Look at that, look at them run, look at them run
There it is, there's the State of the Union
He's on ahead there, he's doing very, very well
The Constitution now is making a little in the rear
It's about three bills behind
Here comes the President of the United States
Here comes the Bill of Rights
Coming up on the outside
Pretty good, pretty good
They're coming around the wide turn now
There's the hoop
I believe there's a penalty on the field
Freedom of the press has been sent back three yards
Yes, the hoop is coming around
He's coming around
He's coming around again
Yes, he is coming around again, isn't he?
Here he comes again
Well, that's wonderful, that's wonderful
That's post time down here at the United Snakes of Armenia
Post time
Just before the end of the year
Just before it happens
You know, the big bomb scare is over now, guys
The big bomb scare of 69
Yeah, it's all over
The guy with the trembling finger pushing the red button
And the whole world going up in monosodium glutamate
That's all over
The big bomb scare is over
There's a new one, though
Oh, there's a new one
Yeah, the big guy, the big guy
What do you call that?
The big, uh
Sonic scare
No, no, the big guy, you know
Ecology, ecology
The big ecology scare
That's the now scare
Yeah, that's the now scare
Well, it's such a now happening word
It surely is
Pollution is such a happening thing
If we could only find a way of really
Well, we found a way of getting
I got a good idea for a TV series about pollution
Curb front polluters?
No, the young, the young polluters
That's a good title
Well, that's good
We can work together on it
We can take 50-50
And I'll take 20 off the middle
I'll take 50 out of the bottom
You will
Off the secretary
The young polluters
That's a wonderful idea
Yeah
Right
Should I come in and tell you about it?
Sure, come on in
Open the door
All right, sure
Okay, we only use that door a couple of times per show, you know
And I like to get it on
That's right
Now, the young polluters is going to be about this vacuum cleaner salesman, you see
Yeah
Played here by young Adam Thigh
Oh, yes, yes
Formerly known as Philip Hunter
But he changed his name because Thigh is more of an in now happening word, you know
THs are very big now, you know, ever since everybody's gums have swallowed up
And they're plucked like that
Well, so many of the now happening people
Like pollution
Use THs, yes
Lisp
Many now happening people, Lisp
Right, they're from Lisp, but go ahead
Yes, indeed
What was I saying?
I don't know
Oh, that's it
TV series, okay
It's about this young vacuum cleaner salesman who goes around
He could be a big time vacuum cleaner salesman
But he prefers to be out on the street
Vacuuming the street
They have to defend him because his electric cord, you see
Right
Keeps getting, like tripping people's dogs
Or getting wrapped around people's hedges, you see
Or electrocuting people
In one episode, we have him electrocuting a young hippie girl
Who's stoned on LSD
Yes, and who's contemplating a mass murder
No, no
Yes, right
That's very now
It's a love story
It's a very now love story
That's not what they have in your neighborhood
It does not in mine
Oh, yeah, I live on Now Street
Oh, you do in Mod-a-Go-Go Heights, right?
Sure, Mod Heights, yeah
Right
Right
Later on, we hope to combine it with a medical series
Yeah, called
With a big breakthrough
Because he is, what he's going to do is he's going to sell the vacuum cleaner method for
these new abortions to help the birth control situation
He calls it the Hoover method
And that's going to lead us into an area that's never been touched
Heaved by the who
On TV before
That reminds me, I've got a serious perspective
