Try the wine.
Huh.
I would like...
The subgenius power of slack.
What?
It made me real sick, a lot of it did.
Fear and nausea.
Ta!
Oh, yes, dear friends, some jealous imabob once claimed that if you heard one hour of slack, you heard them all, because they're always the same.
The same guy also said it would never last.
That was about 35 years ago, and we're on number 1,795.
Yes, it was the Canadian fake bomb.
What we're playing tonight is not exactly a rerun, but it was recorded on Halloween night of 1985.
The great subgenius ranter and assassin, G. Gordon Gordon, was in town from Bolivia,
and we'd been invited to Karen.
to Nard's popular nightly talk show on the Dallas NPR station, KERA.
This would have been hour of slack number 4, but it was a competing station show,
so we waited almost three years and then played it in small bits and pieces over several hours of slack around show number 150.
So this is the first time it's ever been played in its whole one-hour form.
I haven't heard it myself in all that time,
but I'm about to, so in a way, we're listening together.
It's time for the evening talk show, conversation and call-in, with your host, Karen Denard.
That old black magic has me in its spell
That old black magic that you weave so well
Those icy fingers that you hold so tight in your hand

Tears up and down my spine
The same old witchcraft when your eyes meet mine
The same old tingle that I feel inside
Good evening and welcome.
If that old black magic has you in its spell, don't worry.
Hopefully it's going to wear off by tomorrow.
But tonight we celebrate Halloween.
And on the evening talk show, we're celebrating with the esteemed members of the Church of the Subgenius,
It's not going to be a revival or devival as they call it,
but we're going to try to come close.
Joining us, Reverend Ivan Stang, Pastor Buck Naked,
Hi, girls.
and G. Gordon Gordon.
Welcome to the evening talk show.
Thank you.
Reverend Stang, I need to start with you and understand exactly what the Church of the Subgenius really is.
Well, I'm glad you asked that question, Karen,
because that's probably the most important question a biped can ask.

In these, the end times.
A what can ask?
A biped, a two-legged creature.
I see.

Unfortunately, it takes about five years to answer that question.
And I don't know, we'll probably have to sip a little more of this liquid slack
before we can really, really try to define that which is the Church of the Subgenius.
Liquid slack, is that what we're drinking?
That's it.
That is brewed from the souls of those who,
those who are not a part of the Church of the Subgenius.
Those who are not subgeniuses, but wanted to be and sent us money.
I see.
It's good, isn't it?
It's delicious.
It's really good.
Now, you say it's going to take you five years to tell us about the Church of the Subgenius.
Well, the Church...
It's taking longer than that so far to just get started.
This is true.
Yeah.
If the Church of the Subgenius could be, although it is not a joke, at the end, it could be
the greatest joke ever told.
If Earth can but make it to the punter.
Yeah.

That's the punchline.
Yes.
And I don't know, I honestly don't know what that punchline is going to be.
Make sure it's the right punchline.
Yeah.
There is a way that we can sum up the Church in such a way that people will think they
understand it.
Okay.
Which is that the Church of the Subgenius was founded in 1953 by J.R. Bob Dobbs, who
is the living avatar of slack on this planet.
Bob came to teach us all about the subgenius.
Bob came to teach us all that we should have slack, that we were born with original slack,
but that there is a vast and insidious conspiracy, more insidious than most people ever dream,
trying to sap away our slack.
And you know who that conspiracy is?
Oh.
It's them normals.
That's right.
Mmm.
Yeah.
It's a conspiracy that doesn't even know it's a conspiracy.
There's a...
It's a go-along conspiracy.
But have you ever...
Do you know J.R. Bob?
No.
Oh.
Dobbs?
The day I came to know...
Yeah, he helped kill him.
Yeah, that's a real funny book.
That's not exactly true, Buck.
It was bad security.
What happened?
It won't happen again.
I don't know.
Stang was standing right there, and his buddies just pow, right in the head.
Oh my goodness.
J.R. Bob Dobbs was shot a year ago January in San Francisco.
Oh.
And did you read about it in the New York Times?
No.
Did you hear about it on all things considered?
Did you hear about it?
Was it in the Dallas Papers?
No.
That proves a conspiracy.
It wasn't even in the National Enquirer, dear friends.
Wasn't on Morning Edition either.
No.
No.
Bob Dobbs died and life went on.
Oh yes.
The people just kept going to work every day, not thinking about what they were doing it
for.
They don't have slack.
They don't realize what has happened.
It may be too late for a lot of them.
Did he appoint you as his heir for the Church of the Subgenius?
Was he leading the Church of the Subgenius?


Well, I'm a different person than most others, so I understand what J.R. Bob Dobbs' role
was.
Bob leads.
Bob leads by mistake.
He became the leader of this thing by mistake.
He doesn't consciously set out to do anything.
A lot of us think he's the world's stupidest man and yet he's so lucky he has attracted
all this wealth and he sells.
He became a salesman and he just sells by pushing himself, which is the product.
In other words, nobody cares what piece of junk they leave with.
They only go in for what they want, they don't say a word to the people who have that.





the treatment which is bob i see g gordon gordon well i just wanted to say that uh a lot of people
aren't even aware of the fact that bob is dead and it's it's really presumptuous to speak about
an heir to bob at this particular time because bob will be coming back bob will come again there's
just no two ways about it when we're not sure and exactly where he will show up but there is no heir
to the church the reverend stang was selected by j.r dobbs as the sacred scribe and as the man to
stand up and take the heat when bob isn't there to answer for any and everything now i understand
that uh there are are some very illustrious members of the church of the subgenius somebody
told me todd run grin peewee herman no oh yes as a matter of fact those people those people get on
material they don't talk todd asked for us to send him a bunch of stuff and then never send his 20
dollar subscription because i called todd and he told me he never heard of you guys
you did not i did so and he didn't uh-uh he didn't well you call him up and see what he tells you
oh i'm not going to argue over rock stars these are mere rock stars and karen you must understand
there are those people who will even though they have used dobbs or they think they've used him at
this particular time of their life to further their careers to further their wealth and their
personal standing many people will not admit that j.r bob dobbs is that one person that is
aumed the

he has

hade
october
europe
grace
something that somehow tilted his fate in the direction it's gone.
But we do have some other people who acknowledge the existence of Bob.
Oh, yeah.
If you want us to name drop, we can name drop.
Name drop.
The great saint of the church, George Clinton.
George Clinton.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
And, oh, Mark Mothersbaugh of Devo.
Devo, okay.
Now, we could name some rock stars that are in town right now, but we're just not too sure anymore.
G. Gordon Gordon, it's clear to me, Reverend Stang, you know, when you say Reverend Stang and when you say Pastor Naked, that conjures up, you know, we all have, I think, an idea of what that is.
Now, G. Gordon Gordon, you need to clue me in as to what role you play in the church.
Well, officially, I am the mercenary of mercy.
And I'm sort of a hit man for Bob.
We say this to ensure disbelief.
Yes.
And we don't mind admitting it because just like the CIA and everything else in the conspiracy, if you admit it, everybody doesn't believe it and thinks it's a big joke.
But there are certain things that require work of a quasi-legal nature that Bob has to have done for him.
As an example.
Well, certain people have to be removed in certain places.
Security has to be maintained in other places.
Computer fights.
Files have to be emptied.
Sometimes we have to change their minds, so to speak.
So you have your coat on for what reason now?
So you can, so your weapons don't show?
No, actually, it's cold in this studio, so I thought that normally, yes, normally, but we, this being Dallas, people frown on you carrying guns.
Malaysia, it's no problem.
Unless you've got presidents in the sights, then you're okay.
Okay.
Reverend Naked, Pastor Naked, forgive me.
Whatever.
Tell me what.
What do you think the appeal of this church is?
I mean, since you say it's different from what we know as a church.
I think that just like any cult, when you're starting out, you have to promise something for free.
You know, free money, free love, you know, something for nothing.
And we do that more than I think other cults are right now.
In what way?
Well, you know, just by the doctrine of total slack and the approach to slack.
Okay.
You know, what is slack?
A lot of, a lot of, well, it's getting money for not working.
And it's.
And where does this money come from?
From Bob.
Ah.
Money from Bob, friends.
And someday money will rain from the flying saucers that shall come on that great day, X day, July 5th, 1998 at 7 a.m.
And all the subgeniuses will be ruptured up into the, into the, the pleasure dimension for eternity.
Or depending on how much money they've spent on the church.
Uh-huh.
And those who, those who sat around and said, oh, well, I'll, I'll, I'll buy that $1 pamphlet about Bob.
Or I'll, I'll have Bob tattooed on my head.
But I'm not going to send in that $20 for those magazines.
And those people will fry.
They shall fry along with the helpless pinks and mediocritans who compose most of what they call humanity.
Helpless pinks.
And also, Pastor Naked, you were going to say something?
What?

Well, I'll say goodbye.
Okay.
I'd like to say something, if I may.
Yes, you're good, you're good.
One of the reasons I think that the church is one of the fastest growing cults in the planet, I would, I would probably estimate, is that, that every.
Now, you just came from Brazil, did you tell me?
Yes, yes.
And there was the church of the subgenius there?
Oh, I am the Pope of Brazil and the Southern Hemisphere.
Okay.
And that we're not putting you on.
Okay.
I mean, none of this, everything we've said so far is true.
By what?
By what you would call true.
True.

But one of the reasons.
Because the church accommodates anything in a person's belief system into our dogma.
Anything the subgenius spouts becomes instantly part of our church.
Yeah, you can believe, unlike most religions, you can believe anything you want in this religion.
That's right.
We believe in everything.
Okay.
Now, you were making a point.
Well, I think one of the points is that the reason why the church of the subgenius is so popular is because most religions of every, of every persuasion of the scripture.
We call them, we call them the false.
False churches.
Require a great deal of hard personal work, concentration, studying, deprivation.
The church of the subgenius does not require you to give up anything in your diet.
They do not require you to give up any of those vices that many other religions require you to cease and desist.
We're trying to find new ones.
Now, that's exactly right.
And we know that people don't have time to spend 17 years on a mountaintop meditating.
Is your work the work of the devil?
Let's lay it out right on the table right now in here.
Heck no.
As a matter of fact, I'm.
I wonder about that every now and then, but never for very long, because the devil doesn't operate that way.
We're way too open.
Basically, the devil is as tricky as as as he is.
There you go.
Then, you know, who would he be imitating?
He sure wouldn't be imitating us.
I mean, what would what would that get him?
You're going to find the devil in church.
But not our church.
OK.
Now, there are certain demons that we make.
They have to pay obeisance to.
But that's that's that's a business thing that has nothing to do with the actual root.
It's kind of like the relationship of the Justice Department with the mafia.
You know, these are relatively benevolent demons.
OK, well, this is the evening talk show.
And I'm Karen Denard.
Tonight, we're talking with members of the Church of the Subgenius.
They're here talking about the leader congregation and race on data, which which alludes us still.
But if you have a question or a comment.
For Reverend Ivan Stang, Pastor Buck naked or G Gordon Gordon, you can give a call to our Dallas number.
If we have a caller on the line, it must be one of your disciples.
Hi, 90.1.
You're on the air.
Yes, this is Tim.
I'm calling from Farmers Branch.
Tim, are you a disciple?
Well, I guess sort of Bob really sort of first came into my life back when I was publishing a underground newspaper here in Dallas on the punk rock scene called the Steel Press.
I know who he is.
And Bob.
You know, made his appearance in the paper and sort of told me that really what we were doing there wasn't really what we should be doing.
And that from there, we sort of abandoned the paper.
And I kind of came into the church in a minor way and trying to help and support the Reverend Buck naked.
And he needs a lot of support, which I appreciate.
He needs large wooden sticks holding him up a lot of the time.
Well, Tim, anything else that you want to share with us?
My question is, is I've been involved with the church just in a minor way.
I really haven't subscribed to the church.
I haven't sent in dues or anything like that.
It's never too late, son.
I have tried to help support the Reverend Buck naked.
My question is, am I in error with Bob?
Am I able to communicate with Bob and be in good grace with him and the church, not being an active supporting member the way I am?
But in my own personal life, I'm subscribed to what Bob teaches.
Okay.
Well, I've got your question.
This is Buck.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know, you've got a gland in your foot called your Bob gland.
Yeah.
And I know you well enough to know you've got a Bob gland, and it's active.
You've already been saved.
So I think that you ought to just hold on to your foot and chant the name of Bob and try to do the salute.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
How do you do that?
While you do that.
Do that again, please.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And with your other hand.
And try to write a check to the Subgenius Foundation.
Well, one thing I have done, Buck, I've taken your suggestion.
I do have Bob's portrait hanging up on the wall opposite my throne in the bathroom.
Well, good, because.
And I do contemplate several times a day Bob's face.
Well, I've got news for you.
Bob can watch you back through those strange images of Bob.
That's true.
But don't worry.
There's nothing that he doesn't know about already.
And that is the most holy time of your day.
The time we call excrement.
The time we call meditation.
When you're on that special throne.
Yes.
And thinking only of Bob.
Tim.
As you void.
As you void.
Tim, one more thing.
You are partially saved, but as you know, J.R. Bob Dobbs says,
too much is always better than not enough.
And that goes for salvation, too.
Praise Bob.
So write that check as soon as you can, and you'll find even more slack.
Plus, you'll get about 300 pages of stuff in the mail.
All right.
Tim, so glad to hear from you.
Thank you so much.
Bye now.
Slack.
All right.
91.
You're on the air.
Hi.
I'm a recent convert to the church, although I've known about it for some time since my
kid is a big supporter of the church.
But one of the things that...
How did you find out about the church of the subgenius?
Well, from my boy, who's an artist, among other things, and kind of a lunatic.
But as a result of that, he finds out about many things, and so he told me about these
things.
Uh-huh.
That's how I bought the book, the book of the subgenius.
Available from Better Bookstores, published by McGraw-Hill.
Am I?
Is it really?
Yeah.
Yes, it is.
I recently bought a new Atari 520SP computer.
Uh-huh.
I know what you're going to ask.
Did you know about that?
Yes.
Yes.
That is Bob in the new Atari.
The subgenius minister, reverend householder, was employed by Atari at that time and was
using a Bob image as a test pattern.
And they loved it and worked it into whatever that hieroglyphic font that you get with the
Atari.
So Bob is in over five million homes now without those people knowing about it, and he's locked
onto their souls now.
They can't get away.
We'll get that check sooner or later.
Well, all they have to do is print character strings 28 and 29.
And one line in 30 and 31 to their screen, and they will see Bob right there.
Oh, my goodness.
Take down those numbers, all numerology experts call in.
Yeah, we need to hear from somebody who hates us, though.
Yeah, we need some more hate calls and some numerology.
That's what religion is all about most of the time.
Yeah.
I'm sure there's no shortage of those people here, so I'll get off the line and let them
call you.
Glad you are.
Thanks for sharing that with us.
There shall be slack.
By now.
Yes.
Thanks for sharing that with us.
I'm sorry.



Hi, 90.1, you're on the air.
Yeah.
I've just been listening for a few minutes, and I've been searching for a church or something,
and I've looked at a lot of things, and I'm already just real interested in this.
I mean, I've only heard a few things.
I mean, I've only been listening for about ten minutes, so I would just like an address
or whatever.
Okay.
Do you have a pen or a pen?
Sure.
Oh, we're good at giving our address.
A what?
We're good at giving that address.
Folks, get a pencil.
Yes.
Do you have your pencil?
What I'm saying is I just turned the radio on, and ...
Put your hands on the radio.
Okay.
It's there.
Now feel.
Feel Bob.
Feel the healing power coming through.
While you're holding onto the radio, we're going to hold a picture of Bob up so everyone
can see.
Okay.
Look over there on camera four.
Zoom in.
See that smiling face with the pipe in his mouth?
And that neat smile?







Right there on the left on monitor three.
That's Bob.
That is Bob Dobbs, the man with the pipe whose face you see on ...
And you can reach that man with the pipe at the sacred post office box.
That's right.
Just right.
Bob at P.O.
Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
All right.
And I'm sorry that you have to keep repeating this and everything.
It's just that I was captivated by the fact that we're going to talk about the fact that

But I want to get into the real deal.
I'm glad you brought it up very suddenly.
No, it's the first time we mentioned it.
I'm glad you brought it up.
Not only that, you'll keep ...
And we're only too happy to repeat that box number over and over again.
You'll keep hearing us long after you turn your radio off.
You can turn off your car.
You can shut the power down to your house, and you'll still hear the subgenius hour of
slack.
Because you can't turn Bob off.
All right.
Thanks for calling.
I just need to know the name of the book.
Oh, it's called The Book of the Subgenius.
And you can go to Taylor's.
All right.
Go to Taylor's.
Either one of the Taylor's stores.
Why just Taylor's?
You said it's a better book store than everywhere.
Well, I said better book stores.
Hard to find.
It was, as a matter of ... It came out two years ago, and it was in Walden's and B. Dalton's,
all the big chain stores, in the humor section, Fran.
Yes, the humor, among funny books.
Yes.
They decided McGraw-Hill, in their infinite wisdom, decided to label the truth humor.
And in a way, it makes sense, because that's the only way the people can take it.
It has to be purtied up.
They don't want to believe there could really be a conspiracy.
Oh, the conspiracy, that's just a joke.
Oh, yes.
Oh, I wouldn't work for the conspiracy.
I wouldn't give my money to the conspiracy on a yearly basis.
I'm not afraid of the conspiracy.
Oh, nay, nay.
Oh, no.
Of course not.
10,000 kids a day starve to death in Mexico City.
Oh, it's funny.
Oh, it's all a big joke.
Big joke.
Big joke.
Right.
Yeah.
The conspiracy doesn't exist.
It's part of the lunatic fringe, right?
Ah, yes.
Of course.
Okay, so you got the name of the book.
You have the post office box.
Yes, and I'm sorry that things were labeled that way, because it means a lot to me.
Glad you called.
Praise Bob.
Thank you.
Praise Bob.
That's a McGraw-Hill book.
They don't list the author exactly.
The author is Subgenius Foundation.
Hi, 90.1, you're on the air.
This is the profit margin.
The profit margin.
There he is.
That sounds like a false prophet to me.
Hardly, but I'm suffering in the midst of a crisis.





I'm suffering and I was unable to attend last Saturday's great revival.
Well, you would have suffered even more, friend, so maybe it's just as well, because
we were doing sickenings instead of healings.
That's true.
I didn't go.
I stayed at home and practiced pyroflatulation.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
So many have forgotten the lost art of pyroflatulation.
Well, it can be mastered with work, but I'm suffering terribly from a head cold, and I
know that you know some of the more arcane arts.
Could you help me with opening the third nostril?
Well, you're going to need a crowbar, a chainsaw, and a musical, and at least one
subgenius musical group of surgeons.
Either More Drunk Cowboys would be the closest, or Doctors for Bob up in Little Rock have
probably the most experience with opening third nostrils with crowbars.
Let me see.
I prefer the punji stick method, which is done only in Dobbs Town, Malaysia, by the
doctors there with a mallet.
I'm going to use a 48-ounce mallet and a little punji sticks that the locals call it.
Although I do understand in Britain now they're using a croquet mallet and a cricket wicket
for third nostril expansion.
Think this common ordinary drill will do it that I've got here?
That's heresy.
No, sir.
No electricity.
Use a nine iron.
Nine iron?
Yeah, a nine iron will work.
Gentlemen, I thank you very much.
Well, so glad you called, Profit Margin.
Good evening.
Uh-huh.
Good.
Hi.
90.1, you're on the air.
Yeah, yeah.
This is Justice Byrd.
Oh, Justice.
How are you doing, guy?
Just fine, Buck.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah, well, Buck may not say this, but lately he hasn't been answering my phone
calls.
Why not?
That's because he's a subgenius.
See, the thing about it is that Buck thinks I've gone over to conspiracy.
Well, you know.
It's just because you quit playing in his band for free.
Come again?
It's just because you quit playing in his band for free.
Oh, that's it.
Well, see, Buck, I can explain all this.
Okay.
Explain.
You sure you want to tell everybody on the radio?
We want to hear it.
I think I've infiltrated this conspiracy quite deeply, and I'm ready to partner out with
information that could bring the whole thing crashing down.
All right.
And now, the thing about it is it's all very dangerous, and I think I'm being far-
Oh!
No!
They got him!
Dang it!
See?
Now, see, that's the conspiracy for you.
That's right.
The conspiracy got him?
You bet.
Yep.
Didn't you hear it?
I heard it.
The line went dead.
They snuffed my old buddy.
They snuffed him.
What?
Because he had proof on the conspiracy.
Oh, my goodness.
Well, we'll take another call.
Hi, you're on the air.
Hi, how are you doing?
This is Michael from Dallas.
Michael, you see the company I'm keeping.
You know how I'm doing.
I am really stricken to hear that Bob himself has met the stark fist of removal.
Yeah, how about that?
Bad security.
Bad security.
If I'd have been there, it wouldn't have happened, but no.
That's what I say, too.
Hey, guy, can I tell you something?
I wasn't in Frisco when they killed Bob.
I was in Malaysia.
I was in a little temple, flapping up with some ministers in Dobstown.
And all of a sudden, outside, they start up this big racket.
And I came outside and said, what's going on?
And they said, Bob's been killed.
Bob's dead.
Bob's dead.
And everybody started working.
Sinners all.
I think just as soon as Bob's gone, they can start going back to their conspiracy behavior patterns.
But Bob is watching.
Working meaningless jobs for nothing.
And lucky to get him, too.
And I'm not immune.
I've had to do it just as much as the next guy.
Praise Bob.
Conspiracy does pay better than Bob.
In the short term.
In the short term.
But the thing about Bob's death, you've got to remember, Bob always has been saying for years that death is the greatest PR agent.
And you've seen the success that other religions have had with that.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So.
But on the other hand, it's getting, you know, the church after Bob is so much like, in a way, it's like early Christianity.
Suddenly, it's the apostles are fighting amongst each other as to who's the heir of Bob and the.
The false prophets come out of the woodwork.
Yeah.
And then you get the followers.
Oh, yeah.
We didn't used to have followers because Bob doesn't want followers.
He wants partners.
That's right.
But along came the Bobbies.
The sub-Denis.
The Bobbies.
The Moonees, as we call them on the west coast.
They're to Bob what the Moonies are to Reverend Moon.
The difference is Reverend Moon wants those kind of people.
We've, we're trying to avoid it.
We try to avoid it by making our reading materials so overblown and dense and our artwork so shocking that the Pinks and the Bobbies and the Mediocratons and.
The Norms.
The Norms.
The Glorps.
The Normworms would all, would avoid it, which they did.
And that's why the book isn't a bestseller.
I was going to say, you almost have succeeded in that.
Yes, yes.
And praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
I wanted to ask you about the career of the illustrious Bob.
You remember a couple years ago when they were having the presidential elections in El Salvador?
And you know, the guy who won is Jose Napoleon Duarte, who is here in the United States right now.
Right.
Do you remember his opponent?
Yes, you're talking about Major Bob.
You're talking about Robert Doosan.
Isn't, isn't Robert Duosan?
Roberto Doosan, Spanish for Bob Dobbs.
Yes, and it was a complete ripoff.
I've heard that everywhere.
It's a complete ripoff.
He took that name because he felt that it would help him in the third world because he had been in the States and found the power of Dobbs.
And you'll notice that he's out now.
He's just resigned from that figure.
So, so friends, beware of false Bobs.
That was a false Bob.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
They're all over too.
You see guys walking down the street with pipes all the time.
You know.
There's, there's a.
I'm really glad you cleared that up.
Okay.
Appreciate it.
There's even a, there's even a, a guy, a guy with white shading on his face and kind of a dark, where the light should be light, it's dark.
That's the anti-Bob.
But the neat thing about him is you can stare at the anti-Bob long enough, look in the clouds and you see Bob.
Bob, that's right.
Well, thank you.
You've, you've made me feel better.
I know they, they're very enlightening.
Let me thank you for calling.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.

I'm going to go right now.
Oh.
I would like to talk, Reverend Nickhead, about pastor.
Excuse me.
Am I giving you a promotion?
Either way.
Either way.
Either way.
I love it.
But he is, he is a pastor because he has his own church and his own flock.
Oh, he does have his own church.
Right.
I didn't mention my church, did I?
You didn't know.
My church is called The First Naked Church of the Subgenius, and I'm a, I'm a career
devangelist.
And we were the, my church was the first church to have subgenius devivals.
Mmhmm.
Very first church.
That's right.
There were only four people at the first one, but there were 3,000 at the last one.
That's right.
Just goes to show you something.
3,000?
Where was this?
That was at the Republican National Convention, actually.
Ah-ha.
Yeah, well, it was.
And there are a lot of them who were Dallas police officers who were very polite, by the way.
And I think that the Dallas police appreciate Bob.
Right.
Cops love Bob.
And that's something that, I don't know, is kind of astounding to us.
Well, they have to deal with reality.
They have to deal with reality in its heaviest form all the time.
And Bob and the church brushes against subjects constantly that people don't want to talk about.
And the church does not in any way advocate anti-social activity in the sort of understood normal sense of the word.
We don't advocate going out breaking laws and blowing up clinics and things like that.
That's copycat stuff.
So geniuses are original.
Okay, well, let's see if we can.
They subvert in ways that the conspiracy could never guess it.
Okay.
Hi, 90.1, you're on the air.
Yes, this is Dr. Milton Goodrich.
And for some years I've had a problem with constipation.
And I understand that Oral Roberts is able to cure that by the laying on of hands.
But I don't have the financial resources to go to Tulsa.
Is there any way that.
Let's see if we can get a quick answer.
We have a news break in just a moment.
So we'll get a quick answer for you.
My congratulations.
Congratulations.
What a problem.
By the book of the subgenius, read the chapter on power of flagellation.
Put your hands on the radio.
Unscrew the back of the radio while you're listening to this show and put your finger against every little shining thing you can find in there.
And pretty soon you'll be loosened up.
Okay.
Now tell me about the healings that you do over the radio.
How does that.
And you do sickenings, too.
We read past lives and concurrent lives.
Concurrent lives.
Right.
But there's a media twin.
There's a subgenius that exists while they live.
And, you know, as the subgenius ascends to their own goals, their media twin may, you know.
Right.
Right.
Your media twin might be Erica on All My Children or.
Bill Cosby.
Or Johnny Appleseed in a book.
Yeah.
I mean, it's not real definite, but you have to have one or else.
And if you jump the gun and your soul gets a life.
And if you're a subgenius soul, that is.
Uh-huh.
The subgenius soul will consume the normal and destroy it.
We'll talk more about it if the conspiracy doesn't get us before we go to news headlines from National Public Radio.
We're going to take this quick break and get back to your calls and back with the members of the Church of the Subgenius on this Halloween night.
Stay with us.
President Reagan says the U.S. will be presenting a new arms reduction offer to the Soviets.
Particularly those that are the most destabilizing.
From PR News in Washington, I'm sexually active at an arts festival in the eastern Afghan city of Trenton, Texas, where the Trump administration opened fire near migrant children.
Four remain in critical condition, including a 13-year-old boy.
Authorities in New Jersey say one person is listening to PR News from Washington.
And thank you, Lee Murr, for the news.
Friends, on the last show, I played a song called Big in Real Estate.
And I said that it was by Thunk.
It was not.
It was by show business giants from their 1995 album called Let's Have a Talk with the Dead.
Praise Bob.
And now back to our regularly scheduled programming.
Yay!
Yay!
Yay!
Yay!
Yay!
Yay!
Yay!

Yay!
Yay!
Yay!
Yay!










Yay!
Now, Buck, you've got to remember, the microphones can't take the salute.
Too close.
Microphones, in some ways, are like pain.
Too much is better than not enough, Stank.
Yeah, that's true.
This is the evening talk show, as you might have just heard.
Too much!
Too much!
It's always better than not enough.
As you might have just heard.
I will just ignore what I heard from Pastor Naked.
Tonight, we're hearing about the Church of the Subgenius.
Ignore me.
Some would call it an elaborate joke.
An elaborate global...
put on, but no true subgeni would ever admit that, and you've been hearing that tonight.
The church exists to serve J.R. Bob Dobbs, and people who deny the reality of Bob are
the same people who would deny the existence of Tarzan, Sherlock, and Robin Hood.
Representing the church are Rev. Ivan Stang, Pastor Buck Naked, and G. Gordon Gordon.
If you have any questions or comments for these wacky folks, excuse me, wonderful people.
Religious holy men.
Man, if you don't mind.
Fanatics.
Fanatics.
You can give us a call.
We'll go right to this gentleman who is in a phone booth.
Hi, he's still with us.
Would you tell me some of that liquid slack?
Liquid slack.
Pardon?
I'm here.
Good.
Go right ahead, sir.
It sounded like somebody else was talking back there.
Yeah, well, listen, I'm wondering kind of what's going on with this, with the hype on
this stuff.
Hype?
Well, it's religious is hype, basically.
Well, we have a...
Yeah, but you've got to admit that puts us in common with quite a few other people.
Absolutely, a bunch of people.
And since man has always been hyped up on all kinds of religious things, then this is
just another one of the hype, right?
Well, this is the world's one true religion.
All others are false churches.
Well, we believe in all the other ones, and we've borrowed the best parts.
Sure.
See, this church is sort of like a monster.
Sure.
It's a monster.













They're from the parts of dead religions and then brought back to life.
You know, ever since Bob was a little tiny boy, he looked through all his parents' books
only looking for the good parts.
And he brought them together.
Including the religious documents.
Well, that's good salesmanship.
Bob is the ultimate salesman.
He is the saint of sales.
He has a mystic sales ability, and that's why he ultimately got into the religion business.
Well, there's always all kinds of doctors that go out.
on and do their sales pitches. No doubt about it. They can sell.
Well, we're doctors, and it's because in this
society, you know, nowadays people put a lot
more respect, they give a lot more respect to doctors than they do to
holy men or ministers or anything like that. Pay them a lot more.
That's right, they give a lot more money to doctors than they do to ministers.
Yeah, so that's why we're doctors as well as ministers.
Well, the idea, though, basically of man worshiping himself
has carried on through all the...
Oh, oh, oh. Now I know what he's talking about.
You understand, Pastor Nick? Right, right. He's talking about soloing it.
You know. Uh-huh. He's a solo artist.
No, I'm not sure he is. Oh, you don't think so? Man worshiping himself?
Think about that. Well, no, man has always
worshipped himself. That's true. Well, you know, some people
say that whereas...
Whereas God created man in his image,
the subgeniuses, some say,
that Bob was created in our image.
I personally don't subscribe to that heresy. I'm part of the Orthodox
old-time Stangian Megaphis Temple Lodge.
The old-time subgenius church. I don't go for this humanistic stuff.
Bob is a... He's a space god.
This fella, I think he's got...
A yeti in his blood. And I just say to you, sir, don't marry a human.
Don't taint your blood with the blood of a human.
You sound to me like one of the most pure-blood yetis we've had on the phone yet.
Well, there are a lot of... Well, there are a lot of... Basically, a lot of humans around.
Oh, you can use them! You can use them! You can... You can talk to them!
You can get over them. You can tell them something. But remember, you better marry a yeti gal!
No, the idea of saying that
there is...
there is whatever, as far as worshipping,
it all depends on
the human being himself.
It's always been that way.
Do you agree with that, G. Gordon Gordon?
Well, I understand what the gentleman's trying to say, but actually, no, it doesn't depend on the humans, because subgeniuses, or subgenii, are not humans.
It's only from the microscopic.
No, what you have to understand is that there are...
See, he's trying to get to the deep level of it.
Yeah. Here's the deep level of it.
There are actually...
There are actually only two races on the planet.
All the... the... the...
It's... there's, uh...
two races. Us and them.
Them, right.
The humans and the subgenii.
The subgenii are the master race, because they come in all colors.
Now, the thing is, people get mixed...
The problem is almost everyone is tainted with human blood.
A full-blood yeti is eight feet tall and has covers of hair.
And has hair all over his body.
Lives naked in the snow.
I didn't know you could do that.

You're getting... This is Halloween.
Uh-huh.
All right, let me thank you for calling.
Praise Bob. Praise Bob.
Hi, you're on.
This is Bob from Fort Worth.
I was wondering if any of those guys were considering running for president in 1988.
Well, I'm running for mayor in, uh, 87.
And it's, uh...
Yeah.
And it's a big, big, uh, tough race, because it's Stark versus naked.
Stark versus naked.
Yeah. Tell them some of your platforms.
Oh, yeah, my platforms? Can I run them by you?
Oh, please.
Okay. My number one platform is free beer.
Okay?
That's gonna get some votes.
And the number two is improve mass transit.
I say take all these buses that are taking up too much room on the roads and sell them.
And use the money to buy helicopters.
Now, it's true, we'll carry less people, but everyone will want to ride.
Third plank.
Put Bob in the classroom.
And fourth...
And the fourth plank...
Um...
Heck, what was the fourth plank?
Oh, yeah, that's right. Better street names, which is kinda...
Like what instead of what?
Alright, well, Cedar Springs, Sex Avenue, uh, Walnut Hill, Wall Hill, because it's all walls and hills.
You know, just make them all shorter and make them all more apropos.
I see. Okay, well, did that answer all of your questions?
Well, I was gonna vote for Pat Robertson, but these guys sound just as good.
Vote for Bob. J.R. Bob Dobbs. Write him in.
World Overlord. Bob Dobbs for World Overlord. He ran in 1984.
For Big Brother. But...
But he got his brains turned into hamburger before the primaries even started, so that's Bob for you.
Yep.
We'll take another call. Thanks.
Hi, 90.1, you're on the air.
Hi, this is Daniel Bass from Fort Worth.
Hi, Dan.
I have had opportunity to study several different, uh, of the cults in the past.
And it's always fascinated me what they do with Jesus Christ.
And I wanted to know from your guest, what is the opinion about how they do it?
Who they think Jesus Christ is, and, um, about what he did to die on the cross for men's sins.
Well, I'll tell you what. We have...
It's just like with the theory of the two races. There's apparently, seems to be two jesai.
There's the fightin' Jesus, which a great many subgeniuses actually believe in.
Uh, and then there's the namby-pamby, crybaby, hate everybody, you know, who's not just like you sort of Jesus.
So it depends on which Jesus you're talkin' about.
That's between you and him. Okay?
Okay, in that case, I'm talkin' about the, uh, Jesus Christ as he's spoken of in the Bible.
Which Bible? The censored version? The Greek version? The King James version?
Or the new, new censored Reader's Digest? The one that they're gonna burn for?
Do you understand where we're comin' from?
Uh, well, not exactly.
Stan, can you...
He's a wise man.
Stan in line.
This is a...
Yeah, this is...
Finally, we begin to hear wisdom.
I'm, uh, the wisdom of the Bible teaches that Jesus Christ is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn over all creation.
It goes on to talk about this in Colossians.
It says that, uh, for by him all things are created, things in heaven and on earth, visible and invisible,
whether thrones or powers or rulers or authorities, for all things are created by him and for him.
He is before all things. To him all things hold together.
All right. Well, I'm glad you...
You're gonna shut up yourself.
No, if he's...
If he's the image of the invisible God, he wouldn't be visible.
Guys like this, they always miss the good parts, like Matthew 10, 32, where it says,
um, I do not come to bring peace to the earth but a sword. I come to turn a father against
his daughters and against their sons. And he says, nuns, screw up all your other relationships.
I mean, these guys just have to look at the whole picture.
Well, wait a minute. You started out by saying that you just wanted to talk about the church
of the subgenius and you didn't have anything against these other religions, is what you
said.
No, but they have a lot against us.
Uh-huh.
Right.
So, watch them? Is this the...
I'll tell you what. The only people that we don't want as subgeniuses are atheists, because
they can't believe in Bob.
Or anything else.
Or anything else. You know, they have the pride to think that that's all there is, is
just them, a bunch of human beings, the highest evolved life form, when, you know...
So, you want people from other religions to be a part of it.
And what about the space visitors? I mean, what about the...

What about the nine elder space bankers?
That's right.
What about them?
And you know that when the New Testament was written, it was a time of incredible visitation
by flying saucers.
Yeah.
The whole thing was written by aliens.
One thing we want to make clear, Bob wants everyone to know that he is not the Messiah.
I know a lot of people are hoping and wishing, but Bob Dobbs is not the Messiah. He denies,
absolutely, that he is the Messiah.
Bob said, Bob said, those who, those who want to bow down to me, please bend over.
94.1, you're on the air. Hello? That person left us. Let's try this line. Hi, you there?
Hello, Karen?
Yes.
Hi. I'd like to talk with Reverend Bucknaggett, please.
He's here.
Okay.
Reverend, I have terrible news.
Oh, no.
I have, I've had a vision tonight.
Okay.
I've seen the anti-Bob.
Oh, yes. Well, you know...

That's not really too bad. Like I said, just close your eyes when you look at the anti-Bob. Look at the clouds and you'll see Bob. Bob in the clouds.
Thank you for your infinite wisdom. You've healed me.
You'll have to wait until in the morning.
Thanks for sharing that with us. Thanks for sharing.
Hi.
If you didn't see the anti-Bob, he wouldn't have been able to make a phone call.
Are you sure about that?
Some of us can handle that. Some of us can handle it.
Some people just fall on the floor and thrash around.
I'm still here.
Didn't do nothing to me.
Hello. You're on the air.
This is Phil from Fort Worth. I just want to say that I had never considered myself a subgenius until, or even a classification of, until I had heard these Bob guys talking to me.
Yeah. Praise Bob.
Yeah. And I was just wondering if having seen Bob myself in a vision, if you all had ever considered that as being closer to Bob and then thus reaching a platform.
Yeah.
And so that was the first thing that got me to this point.




And I think that Bob is a great example of a natural plateau of plumb Bob-ness.
Hey, that's the amazing thing. Bob will reach out to people who've never sent us a penny.
I know.
And it sounds like you're one of them.
Well, uh.
So you.
However, here's the thing. You start playing with Bob without having the full information, and it can get bad, brother.
Well, what would you think is the Bob link between the subgenius and the unbeknown?
Well, Bob said to release the subgenius information to the public, and he did.

told us to start doing it, and that's what we've been doing.
That's what this whole evangelist crusade is all about.
Well, at the same time, though, Bob and the church represent the ultimate mystery.
We're here to show people that think they understand the mysteries, that maybe they don't,
and those who don't believe there are mysteries, that indeed there are some, and it's a good thing,
because if we knew, we'd really be in trouble.
I don't think we could take it.
You've got to know nothing.
You've got to be able to be totally stupid before you can be a smarty pants, you know.
Then we're giving away.
This is mystic wisdom that took guys in the old world thousands of years to develop,
and we're just handing it out for free over the airways.
You can achieve enlightenment in spare time, in the weekends, after work, driving to work.
The world's first industrial church, dear friends.
Praise Bob.
We pay taxes.
This is not a tax write-off scam.
We have to pay taxes.
It's a sales tax when we sell our Bibles.
And also, I think we might talk about why we ask people to send money.
It's not because we need the money.
Bob is so rich, it's ridiculous.
But we have found that in certain cultures, money is extremely important.
And if we can persuade people to part with just a small amount of that thing that they value so highly
and send it to us, obviously they are losing their respect for that money.
And by sending it to us, and because of that,
we are beginning to break the hold that the conspiracy has on them
through this little piece of green paper that's circulating.
Every dollar that's given to me, I personally whiff-read each dollar.
You do what?
I actually whiff-read by holding it under my nose,
and I whiff-read it through my third master, which has been penetrated in Malaysia,
and I actually whiff-read each dollar.
And what does that mean?
What does that tell you when you do that?
Well, I'm actually zooming in.
There's that little part.
There's that little part of their soul that rubs off on that check or that dollar bill
that comes to me, and I can tell that the true subgenius is from the false subgenius.
Friends, you ought to smell the souls on that famous room full of dollar checks we have.
Yes, indeed.
Well, I just want to tell you guys, I'm divinely mystified,
and you'll certainly get my check and support.
Well, hang on.
We'll be reading that box number again at the end of the broadcast.
We do a regular weekly show.
I think they do it.
We do.
Can we tell them?
Oh, please.
Of course you can.
Okay.
Well, you can listen to...
And the unsubgenius, they require this divine mystification also, I think.
Okay.
Well, this is Pastor Buck naked again,
and you can listen to Reverend Stang and myself on the Hour of Slack radio ministry every Sunday night.
Right now it's 1130 to 1230.
They may change the time slightly, but the Hour of Slack radio ministry, 1130 to 1230.
On KNON, 90.9 FM.
Right next door to this.
90.9.
Right next door to this.
It's the two stations that you can switch back and forth.
Oh, great.
Thanks.
Praise Bob.
Thanks, McCall.
You have him trained already.
Hi, 90.1, you're on the air.
Yes, this is David from Arlington, and they've crossed the idea of an anti-Bob a couple times,
and I'm wondering, does the anti-Bob have a name?
Oboe.
Oh, no.
Oboe.
Oboe?
OBOe, Oboe.
That's one name.
Some people say it's Jim.
We don't know who he is.
Some people say it's Jim.
The anti-Bob.
Yeah.
Some say it's Jim.
That's a tag.
That's a tag for him.
When we say Oboe, we mean the anti-Bob.
We don't know for sure who the anti-Bob is yet.
Some people think it's Bob's evil twin brother, Jim.
No, Dick.
Oh, it's a Dick.
Jim is the bland brother.
Dick is the evil Dobbs brother.
This sounds dangerous because you don't have any place to focus your hate.
I wouldn't say that.
Hate.
This is what?
This is what?
This conspiracy, friends, is so all-encompassing that you can have an all-encompassing hate.
None of this mealy-mouthed, normal hate.
The normals say, oh, I hate my job.
I hate President Reagan.
I hate myself.
I hate my wife.
Yeah.
This is the all-inclusive hate of the conspiracy that is taking away your slack.
And it's so, it permeates everything.
I mean, it's impossible to get away from.
I have to work a conspiracy job.
Pastor Naked has to worry.
You know, it's like.
It's.
You know what I'm talking about.
Yeah.
You come home in the evenings and you've been making big plans all day about what you were going to do.
While you were on your boring job, you were thinking all the great things you were going to do.
But when you got home, so much slack had been sapped away that, well,
it was the most you could do to kiss your kids goodnight and kind of wish you'd had more time to spend with them.
That's the kind of slack the conspiracy chews up and doesn't spit back out either.
I know.
I've lost a lot of that kind of slack.
Hey, they've taken years off of my life.
The worst thing is, is that when they take your slack, then they give you, after a while, when they really get enough of it, then they give you presents.
And the worst thing is, and then you get all this money, the more you get sucked in, the more often they'll pay you.
And that's false slack.
And the reason why it's false slack, though, is that by the time that you get the rewards the conspiracy gives you, you don't have anything left to appreciate it with.
That's very true.
That's very true.
And that's the, that's the hollowness.
The hollowness of serving the conspiracy.
And that's why I, I, I hate the conspiracy.
All right.
Let me thank you for calling.
Notice everyone backs away from the microphone when Buck's getting worked up.
We're back away, hoping that Buck will back away from the microphone.
Ah, ah, ah.
I hate the conspiracy.
There it goes again.
I hate it now.
Oh, boy.
Poor VU meter's broken.
I know.
We'll take another call.
Hi, 90.1.
You're on the air.
Hello.
Hi.
I'm Greg from Fort Worth.
Hi, Greg.
I used to be a Mormon, but I got a feeling these guys have got the idea.
There's more.
There's more slack this year than I've ever heard of.
Hey, we've got more plates than, hey, we've got more Smiths and plates than the Mormons
ever had.
And we don't just have a small amount of slack.
We've got more than a bucket of slack, more than an industrial 55-gallon drum of slack.
We have the veritable swimming pool of slack.
That sounds just exciting.
What can I do in a response to this?
Send money.
You can write down our post office box and write for information.
Or send a dollar for the first pamphlet.
We'll hit you up for a lot more when you get that.
Everyone have those pencils ready to write Bob at the Church of the Subgenius?
P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
You know, we have parties in town, too.
We have devivals.
They're almost always at...
You had one recently, didn't you?
That's right.
We have devivals, and the last one was at...
It's called The Twilight Room.
It's called Circul Ranch, and they changed the name.
Scariest club in town.
That's true.
Where is this?
2111 Commerce.
In Dallas?
Ground zero of Dallas.
It's Pearl and Commerce in Maine.
Downtown.
Downtown.
I mean, it's where Maine and Central crossed.
Where that 100-megaton bomb is going to go off about 1,000 feet right above us.
Straight over the Twilight Room and erase all my tapes.
Well, that's true.
But I'll tell you what.
I know a lot of folks there, and they'll be going,
Come on!
Okay!
Anything else?
No, that's ample.
That's more than enough, I know.
Too much is always better than not enough.
Thanks for calling.
Now, tell us again what Slack is.
Did we find out what Slack was?
Let me give a quick reading from the Book of the Subgenius here,
which is, again, available at Taylor Brooks or McGraw-Hill Book.
Slack is the Aladdin's lamp that opens the other five.
It is the yardstick by which we should measure ourselves.
It is really the only good reason to get out of bed,
and if you don't believe that, you're lost in perdition.
The slack that can be described is not the true slack,
and in its cosmic sense, it is that which remains
when all that is not slack is taken away.
Yet, it is a trickster, unknowable, uniffable, unsearchable,
hidden in revelation.
Friends, you were born with original slack,
but your fancy scholars don't even know what it is.
And that's why the idiot is closer to the divine,
why Bob is adulated more for his follies than his skills.
And if you do not believe in slack, my friend,
it will not make itself available to you.
Thank you.
That was Prescripture 1714.
The way I tell people what slack is,
the way I tell people what slack is, is the conspiracy's got a iron cutout.

It's got a collar on your neck and a chain,
and it's got an iron fist.
And how long does it take before the conspiracy monster
pulls and you stand up?
That's how much slack you've got in this world.
And slack can either be created or destroyed.
There is a finite amount of slack in the universe.
Everybody who is a subgenius, whether they know it or not,
is born with a certain amount of slack.
And it can only be taken away from you or given back to you.
So if you don't have any slack, you ought to ask yourself,
who's got it?
How did they get it?
And why do they have it?
Anyone who's driving a Porsche doesn't deserve it.
Amen.
Amen.
Amen.
Pull the wool over your own eyes, friends.
That's right.
Relax in the safety of your own delusions.
Can I get a quick parting remark from all of you?
What thoughts would you want to leave us with?
Pastor Buck Naked, let's start with you.
Well, just keep going.
Keep on slacking.
Okay.
G Gordon Gordon.
Let Bob into your life.
You need Bob.
You must have Bob.
Bob is here to protect you and help you.
And if you don't know about Bob, you better find out about it
because time is running out.
What does the G stand for?
Gordon.
Why do you have three names that are the same?
Well, it seems...
His mother didn't trust him.
His mother didn't trust him.
That's why.
Actually, it's a very good reason.
What's it got to do with trust?
It's a very good reason.
It's because it's a lot easier to remember that way.
My girlfriend, when I was 16, told me that if you don't trust him,
you know anybody with two first names, you shouldn't trust them.
So obviously his own mother didn't trust him.
I have three last names.
Oh, I got to get mine in.
Yes, no, we definitely...
We have time.
We have time.
I want to hear your applauding remark.
I'll quote Dr. Gordon and say,
Friends, choose the way you're going to get screwed.
Some ways are fun.
And send a dollar to P.O. Box 1403-06, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Praise God.
Praise God.
Okay, yeah, there went the microphone.
It's $50 worth of microphone there, Bob.
You're going to have to buy us another shurimixer too.
Okay, we still have two more minutes, so I'm just wondering if there's anything left unsaid.
Is there something on this Halloween night that we want to leave?
Well, it's sad that we couldn't play any of the tapes because we do a lot of our work,
our audio work, and you can hear that on our radio show.
A lot of our ministry work is tape.

I would really like to have done a healing over the air, too.
Well, how would you have done that?
Well, I mean, you just...
I have to find out what their problem is before.
I mean, I don't just heal anything.
I mean, I might heal the wrong thing.
You got your glam scaping, your acubating.
Where does it hurt?
That's what I always ask.
We'll hit the part on the opposite end of that.
What if your emotions hurt?
Let's say you got your feelings hurt
or somebody's not speaking to you or something.
I mean, can you heal that kind of thing, too?
Sure.
I'll talk to them if that's all it takes.
One quickest way is take all their money
and they'll pretty quick have something else to think about.
That's right.
That's sort of fiscal acubating, that's called.
So the idea is to give people something else to think about
and that's the way you heal them.
It's like acubating.
You see, like if your leg hurts and you can't get rid of the pain,
you smash yourself on the elbow with a ball-peen hammer
and immediately that leg no longer bothers you.
The slack that comes when you stop hitting yourself on the head with a hammer
is amazing.
Among the truest kinds of slack.
Yes.
And that about sums it up, I guess.
Right.
It's kind of like those Zen masters who have to,
they'll come up, well, what is slack, subgenius master?
Then you just have to give them a good rep.
Hit them a whack and that's it.
Good whack on the head.
A good rep.
Okay.
We should mention head launching, shouldn't we?
No.
We don't have time.
We don't have time.
They'll have to come to the next devival to see a head launching
or get their own launch.
Well, my goodness.
Pastor Bucknay.
Head, Dr. G. Gordon Gordon and Reverend Ivan Stang.
Let me thank you all very much for filling us in on the Church of the Subgenius.
It's been, as I mentioned before, very enlightening to hear all about it.
Swing and time.
Is there something you want to say to me?
Sure.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Thanks so much.
I'm back in 23 hours, I hope.
Fire and fire.
And until then, have a happy Halloween and watch what you ask for because you might get it.
I'm Karen Denard and thank you for listening.
Thank you, Karen Denard.
I wondered what happened to her and all I could get from Googling was that she had left KERA in 1994.
Anyway, this is normally the hour of slack, which is normally much less normal.
Dang near every show we ever did can be found in the radio section of subgenius.com.
If you really look...
And remember to scroll down.
Not everybody can do either of those things.
That's subgenius.com, which also leads you to several other subgenius shows, old and new,
and many subgenius Facebook pages, the number of which is too damn high.
Also, our catalog is there and my YouTube page link and something like 200,000 pages of text and art
and even...
And even...


And even...
Naked pictures from the olden X days before the girls' grandmas got on the internet.
Subgenius.com.
This music in the background is the swinging love choruses.
And now we're in the internet-only part of the show where I can talk about stuff that I can't talk about on broadcast public-supported radio.
Because you can't talk about anything that would make you money if you're doing a public-supported station show.
Lonesome Cowboy Dave's situation, friends.
He's still in the nursing home, but he's still planning to do shows.
He can't walk very well, but he can talk, just like always.
And...
And...
And...














His...
Because of weird state laws...
Well, he's a ward of the state at this point.
They're probably going to end up putting him in government housing, which is good in a way.
But they're going to dock any kind of money he gets.
So, for now, the fundraiser for Dave is the Subgenius donation button.
You just have to leave a note there that you want it to go to Dave.
It's...
It'll be between...
Between us and us.
That's on the front of subgenius.com.
And it's also on the Hour of Slack radio section page.
Meanwhile, Dave's book, Neighbor World, is still available.
And it's...
He gets more if you buy it from us instead of amazon.com.
Plus, I'll sign my little foreword.
And the book of the Subgenius is still...
In print after...
For about 40 years, strangely enough.
And you can get a signed copy...
Signed by me.
If you order that from us instead of amazon.
And...
It's the best thing we ever did.
Uh...
One of the other best things we ever did was Arise the Subgenius movie.
Which is on the DVD.
And has not been updated since 2005.
And still has the...
The wrong old Cleveland address on it.
Meanwhile, Sandy Boone's new Subgenius movie...
Which is actually better...
Well, we're still waiting on that.
They got a distributor.
But, uh...
This is a real bad time to book a movie...
A movie...
Into theaters.
You know...
I'm really hoping we start seeing it on streaming somehow soon.
Uh...
And...
There's new, uh...
Forums you can find.
Uh...
If you look at subgenius.com, there's links right up front.
There's dobbs.town on Mastodon.
Which is non-Facebook, non-Google.
And it's really very active.
Uh...
Dr. Onan Kanabite is the mayor of dobbs.town.
If you type in dobbs.town, you'll get there.
But you have to email...
Onan.
Uh...
Uncle Onan at gmail.com and ask him.
Or...
You have to be a Subgenius minister.
You'll be able to do it if you join the church.
Subgenius.com.
And there's also a new forum with video and all kinds of stuff.
Uh...
Dobbscord.
Kinda like Discord.
It's on Discord.
Which, again, is like less conspiracy than Facebook.
Or Google.
And that address is discord.subgeniuses.com.
Dr. Fox runs that one.
And he owns subgeniuses.com.
Heh heh heh.
Heh heh.

Hmm.
And friends, uh...
Thank you for listening.
Uh...
Princess Wee is busy upstairs on Zoom.
Rehearsing.
Rehearsing with her Cleveland, uh, folk band.
And, uh...
Uh, Buddy's okay.
Well, he has a dent in his head where the snake bite caused muscles to atrophy.
His jaw muscles just shrank away on one side of his head and he looks slope-headed.
What?
Feed me a diploma.
I like it better than...



Loved liver.
I like it better than spleen.
The
I like gravy with my hair.
I am a preserve.
I like gravy with my hair.
Lovable...
I like garlic.



And the hair is high in fiber
The Swingin' Love Corpses, friends.
And I think, I don't know if you,
well, actually, you can download probably that whole album.
That was Bay Mixes, tape one.
You can get that from quiveringbrain.com,
which is Philo's domain.
I should have mentioned quiveringbrain.com.
He's got all kinds of really weird and interesting stuff there,
including his own kind of an irregular show
where he just, he's a real collector
of weird and offensive music.
And he's got all that stuff for you to steal,
I think, on quiveringbrain.com
and much, much more.
And we will be doing live shows still.
In fact, I think we'll probably do one with Philo pretty soon.
Maybe Philo and Onan.
Maybe Philo and Onan and Sterno.
Maybe Philo and Onan and Sterno and Doug Wellman
and Princess We.
And the reason I mention those gentlemen
is because, well, we have a special club.
Okay, Price Bob.
Free your radio and your mind will follow.
Free think radio.
Radio is your one-stop source
for all the subgenius radio shows,
including the Hour of Slack every Thursday at 11 a.m.
Also on freethinkradio.com.
At different times, you can have time for the show,
National Cynical, Puzzling Evidence,
Bob's Slack Time Funhouse,
Fergan Fridays, and much, much more.
All in one place at freethinkradio.com.
And I'm Tom Hiddleston.


Bye-bye.
Gee, I want to try triology.
All the kids are doing it, Mom.
There's a Dobbshead in every bar of triology soaps.
Yes, friends, triology soaps
with an actual Dobbshead made of soap
embedded in an outer shell of translucent soap.
You can see the Dobbshead inside.
side. It tells fortunes as you rotate it swiftly, lathering away the conspiracy stench and other
schmata. If the Dobbs head happens to come up in the end, in the true perfect pipe placement
position, you have good luck all day. If it comes up the other way, 20 more years of winter.
That's TriologySoaps.com. They come in every flavor or scent. You probably don't have to eat
them, but they come in so many different scents, you won't believe it. It's not nonsense. It's every
possible scents with funny names and good smells. You can contact www.TriologySoaps.com
and get clean at Triology Soaps.
www.TriologySoaps.com
