Where's the bathroom?
Oh, oh, right next to the radio, completely modulated with dual left and right stereo speakers and two compatible frequencies.
Your AM...
Beep, beep, beep, beep...
Wow, what great AM.
Superbox number time in the 15...
That sounds just great.
...43 dollars, 70 dollars and 84 cents, 3 dollars and 62 cents, 7 days a week, 7 days a year...
By the way, we also have FM right here. FM over here? Let me try it.
...749...
The Genius Hour of Swag.
Thanks for being a selection, and now back to our morning concert of afternoon showtime favorites.
The Magic Bowl Movement from Symphony in C- by Johann Amadeus Matetzky.
Hey Ralph, that's great fidelity on that FM. Nice tone.
Well listen, you haven't heard nothing yet.
I've got right here in this car for your time.
It's a transatlantic driving pleasure, this fully-halocrafted Seamaster shortwave radio in this non-returnable, non-disposable zinc-lined carrying case.
Can I get Duluth on it?
Not Duluth, bucko. You can get Tierra del Fuego.
Hola, amigos latinos. Aquí a Ralph's Used Motors, 300 North Hoover, a la esquina de Portis-Severplace. Tenemos millones de automóviles...
743 dollars, 70 dollars and 84 cents, 3 dollars and 62 cents...
I like literature. I like it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. What?
I like it.
Wait a minute.
I like the car.
Let me turn some of this off. We'll get back to business. Turn this FM off.
Here.
This radio over here.
Otherwise, okay.
I'll get the TV.
Odysseus.
No, no, leave it on for a minute.
Odysseus.
Body with body with body flowing out of the tenth dimension.
That's right. Materializing out of the tenth dimension.
It is midnight here at WCSB Cleveland. And, uh, well...
Your tenth dimension will have lovely body and bounce.
I'm body Bonnie Dimension with Helpline for the active woman.
So think of it three ways. I'm Bonnie Dimension, and it's the Reverend Ivan Stang with a different dimension, and Chaz with an entirely...
Dances with rockets.
Do you take pills to make your voice do that, Dave?
Yes, as a matter of fact, I take a collagen tablet, which breaks down in my lower colon and snaps off my testes and makes ovaries.
I noticed that you had lovely breasts dangling from your buttocks and the sides of your legs.
Well, all the snags aren't worked out yet, but I still have a beautiful body if you think of it the right way.
I love those snags. Don't do anything to the...
Oh, oh, oh, but doc, doc.
They keep coming back again.
I hate it when they do that.
I hate it.
I hate that.
Ugh.
Did they spray any?
Why are they pestering us?
I don't know. They...
I heard they spray some people.
That old church tune.
Will you wander through wilderness above?
Will you climb the mountain top and run off into the frown?
Will you wander through wilderness above?
I know the wound is coming.
There's an ocean coming.
Morning is coming.
Huh, huh, huh, huh, huh.
A stone in her car.
Universal far.
Galaxy's the number in the billions.
They're all there for you.
Ten dimensions above the sea.
That's right, doc.
Over ten, actually.
How many dimensions are there in 26?
26.
26.
It has to be 26.
26 dimensions you could have.
Oh, true.
Of conceivable sexual things.
Of conceivable sexual things.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So, the end of the world.
Well, of course, you know, the great thing about religion is the end of the world is
that you always get out.
You know, you get this special kingdom in heaven and so forth.
And that's so superstitious.
We're talking about believable kingdoms on spaceships, not in heaven.
Not in the clouds.
Clouds that fall right through.
Unless you have K4 or something.



So, what's your trade-off?
Like you saw the taller on red?
That has some poi.

The point in life that'sDRVN ke t between white and white man should be, you're
never gonna
And I put my keys in play
And you hold me in your arms
And I'm singing once again
So come on, come on, come on
Come on and take it
Take it from the little things in my heart
And I'll be there
Ah, yes, dear friends, believe it or not, I recorded all that stuff
And everything you'll hear on this show last week at Starwood, the big Starwood Festival
And yes, that is Big Brother and the Holding Company in the background playing
And yes, we do have a time machine, dear friends
Because while the conspiracy was holding Woodstock 99, we went to Woodstar 99
Or actually Starwood
Festival at Brushwood, Sherman, New York, sponsored by Ace in Cleveland
Where we got these great recordings thanks to Stang Cam, WeCam, and Regis Sedlock of Sounds Good Productions in Cleveland
And friends, the conspiracy Woodstock gave you $16 sips of water and crappy bands
At Starwood, we got Grand Frappy and Big Brother and the Holding Company with Janice Joplin
And we got The Firefighter
Sign Theater clones
And the conspiracy Woodstock, Constock gave you cops
At Starwood, we got Einstein's Secret Orchestra
At Constock, the kids burned things in anger
At Starwood, they burned the sacrifices for Bob
And at Starwood, there were devivals, friends, several devivals in fact
And though we still have tons of live and recorded X-Day material
Like the trial of Papa Joe Mastro
And Mama
I just have to share these new old demonic discoveries
This potpourri, friends, of mostly music this show
It was a bunch of bands, great bands at Starwood
Including this singer Hallie DeVestern
Who is heard in the background as Janice Joplin
Let's listen to that a little bit more, shall we?
I know you're keepin' your heart down, baby
You know you got it
And it makes you feel good, yeah
Alright friends, that was Woodstar 99
That's where the subgeniuses went for in New York State for Woodstock
It was the same weekend, it was the same weekend
It was Woodstock apparently
Anyway, that gal that we just heard, Hallie DeVestern
Also, but she doesn't just play with Big Brother
She's not just a Janice Joplin sound alike
In fact, she has her own album CD out called Sugar Free
And boy is it, just listen to this dear friends
My imagination runs
Like dirty water
Never knew that I was
Somebody's baby daughter
Murder thrillin' through my bones
And through my head
I got a bloody screamin' jungle
Just wanna love you until you're dead
I feel like an animal
I can't control my head
I'm small like an animal
That's how an animal understands
I got the brains of an animal
Anything feels right
I got the teeth of an animal
And I don't know not to bite
I dig a moment out
I dig a hole in my head
How evil hangs around
Nobody knows
I got a memory
Blood in my mouth
I can tell you what goes again
I can tell you what comes out
I feel like an animal
Can't control my head
I smile like an animal
That's how an animal understands
How an animal understands
I got the brains of an animal
And it keeps being drank at
I got the teeth of an animal
And I don't know not to bite
I feel like running all the time
I feel like dying all the time
I feel like drinking your blood
Baby I love you
I feel like running all the time
I feel like dying all the time
I feel like drinking your blood
I feel like dying all the time
My imagination runs
Like dirty water
Never know why that I was
Somebody's baby daughter
You might have thrown him through my bones
And through my head
I got a bloody screaming jaws
I wanna love you until you're dead
I feel like an animal
He can't control my head
I smile like an animal
That's how an animal understands
I got the brains of an animal
And it keeps being drank at
I got the teeth of an animal
And I don't know not to bite
I don't know
I feel like drinking your blood
And it keeps being drunk at
I feel like an animal
That keeps being drunk at
I feel like jam might kill me
I feel like alive in my shadows
Likehhhhh


Aesates
Isates
I see
Its all your-
criteria
genius that you're planning to have come to your event.
You know, just because they probably didn't inform you of this,
you know, they're a religion that makes fun of all the
other religions, which is true. Although they left out the
one that we make the most fun of, which is our own. And this person
was, I didn't actually see the letter, but apparently she said,
and you know, us pagans, whatever that means, I mean, give me a break.
Us pagans have enough trouble as it is with persecution
by the normals at large, and so you really
shouldn't allow anyone to make fun of pagans
because then somebody might get the wrong idea.
Friends, that is exactly why the Church of the Subgenus
has to be here!
Because I would think somebody was getting the wrong idea. I'm from
Dallas, Texas.
Usually when we get censored by people, it's the Southern Baptists,
not the pagans, saying, no, you're not allowed
to make fun of us because that's negative.
And in fact, we get that complaint a lot. Apparently, there's something
terribly negative in a lot of Saturnian energy or something about
a big room full of people laughing cathartically at shit
that had them crippled up until that time.
So,
to the painfully politically correct,
can't take a joke, pagans. We just have to say,
oh, okay, we won't praise Bob. We'll just hail Connie. How's that?
And we'll make fun of everybody except the religions
that are really right.
There we go.
So, that means we can still make fun of the Church of the Subgenus
because,
well, every now and then we get proved wrong.
I had said this last year, but I'll say it again, I wasn't supposed to be here today.
We, well,
I don't know if I want to, what is this about pagan?
We're not allowed to make fun of pagans. Look at the schedule for this Starwood.
Now, I'm not putting any of these down specifically.
I wasn't at it, but magic,



I went to a church for potheads.
I wanted to go to that one, actually.
I thought that was the Church of the Subgenus.
Uh,
God, um,
well,
partnered therapeutic massage.
I notice that probably sounds a little better than nude yoga, partner yoga,
but I want to go to the nude partner yoga.
Not the therapy, not the therapeutic massage.
Stalking the wild druid.
That,
That's easy, that's like a snide pun.
Teen swim is always interesting.
I am a clone, I am not alone.
I live in a home where the other clones roam.
We just sit around and get stoned.
I am a clone, why don't you leave me alone?
In my plastic world in a made-away zone.
It's the only place I call home.
I wonder as I wander.
What is it?
What ever happened to the time?
When paper mills would sing with their minds.
I wonder as I wander down the line.
I wonder as I wander down the line.
How this town has to be again.
I am a clone, I whisper IN THOSE.
I was born an all caught monely drone.
Not a Ż ascendant drone.
But at home.
I enjoy.


I am a crone, I am not a rogue
I live in a land of silicon and chrome
There's never a one or a bone
I wonder as I wander
Whatever happened to the time
When people could see with their minds
I wonder as I wander down the line
I wonder as I wander down the line
I, I, I, I
I am a crone but I won't be for long
From inside I planned a little bomb
To turn everything off once and for all
I am a crone now I'm on the run
From my plastic world in a fadeaway zone
And I'm never ever going home
I wonder as I wander
Whatever happened to the time
When people could see with their minds
I wonder as I wander down the line
I wonder as I wander down the line
I wonder as I wander down the line
And I see things in disgusting trickle

And keep people on the run
If that's what my love taught me
That I could never stop
Don't need another charm
I just want one to keep me on the run
I will run instead, run
I won't run in the bullpen I don't know how to do it
I'm a clone, I'm a clone, I'm a clone, I'm a clone, I'm a clone, I'm a clone, I'm a clone, I'm a clone, I'm a clone.
The year 2020.
We'll never know what the conspiracy was.
They will have grown up without humans on the earth, or on earth.
Well, I guess this is what we were supposed to do.
Now, we got the music started up.
The cult leader in the kimono.
This guy got all the people in the weird little dome room.
And, uh...
I...
I...

That's right.
We have switched on the artificial gravity.
If it goes off, the power fails, and the ceiling starts to collapse, and we start floating up, don't panic.
Just don't open the airlock.
Whatever you do, if the power goes off and we're floating, don't try to open it.
If it goes off, we can get out.
We'll get sucked out of there like a little toothpaste out of a toothpaste can.
So we won't be there.
Yeah.
You thought it was gonna be a real funny joke, making fun of that Christian religion, right?
Yeah!
It was just that funny, satirical, fake cult president.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
You thought it was gonna be a real funny joke, making fun of that Christian religion, right?

You thought, oh, I'll drop acid for that Einstein's Secret.
Oh.
Hell is a funny joke, isn't it?
Oh.
Yeah, hell is a joke!
And whenever those demons tried to tell you about it, you thought you were at some kind
of an experimental comedy show or something!
They were trying to tell you...


They tell you you're in hell now, you've been here forever,
it's never gonna change.
And you laughed and laughed and laughed.
But it's not laughing now, are you?
Oh, hell, now they are.
Damn!
I thought we were gonna really get some bug trips going.
ает
recipe
Recipe
Computer
Computer
homogeneous
Chinese
Chinese

Chinese
Chinese
Chinese
The number you have dialed is currently unavailable at the moment.
I'm the vice president of the Eastern Association of Americanologists and president of the Journal Club!
And I'm not going to listen to any more of your capitalistic, quarter, friggin' dumb limbo mumbo talk!
I'm the vice president of the Eastern Association of Americanologists and president of the Journal Club!
In out last night, I pleaded loyalty with you, my prayers, to save these rascals, puritanic такed Chief Jim White, if not for a funeral that would better be paying.
So my prayer for the śmorty leader of New York, Appleali,limba sympathetic to all the things being done over the last week of the Marian strain,
is to spare my miser markings, Webino Sc守生ًerご用 Sloz redit in Imperial ofodu act on October 2nd
tiene Sickalamo t marketsaciones.
Thank you very much!
I'm a fellow and vice president of the Eastern Association of American Autism and president
of the Eastern Association of American Autism and president.
And I'm not going to say any more of your counter-strike.
What a friggin' dumb, nympho, bumble-dubber.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you. Amazing, dear friends.
This last little piece here by Reverend Dr. Heather.
Dr. Hillman, a CD handed to me at Dos Equis when the aliens failed to arrive.
And friends, you can reach Reverend Dr. Heather Hillman, heard in the background,
at batteryatdogma.org.
That's an email address.
Batteryatdogma.org.
On the web, that's...
Got your tape recorders ready?
Elohim.dogma.org
slash
enye, or not enye, what, the tilde, the squiggly line.
Squiggly line in the very top upper left corner.
Squiggly line, battery, okay?
Elohim.dogma.org slash tilde battery.
And let me give the address also of Hallie DeVette.
After this songbubble-dubland is out...
miss you, everyone.
All right, esteemed
Ava's name is masterpiece of her blacklisting ladies.


thank you to our6585 series and also congratulations to Jackopt for anyone who watching this and co-hosting it, our625p, 718 torso 117 Amy Niall Thomas.
H-E-T-T-P-W-W-W.
I can't read it.
I'm getting some of my eyes just don't.
www.tnom.com.
Slash Hallie.
H-A-L-L-E-Y.
Hallie DeVestern.
Wonderful singer and songwriter.
Doesn't have anything at all to do with Church of the Subgenius.
Poor thing.
If she ever hears this show, she'll probably be horribly confused.
I certainly am myself.
Friends, we've also heard Einstein's Secret Orchestra doing I Am a Clone.
They played at Starwood.
Just absolutely unbelievable.
The CD is called E equals S-O squared.
And it's not yet available.
But they're at P.O. Box 81555 Cleveland, Ohio 44101.
I think.
I think that's.
I'm not at my usual studio, friends.
I'm hiding.
And what did we do at Starwood in that strange little dome, that puffer dome?
This weird environment.
Oh, strange.
Here we are.
I used up all my fancy talk.
There's no fancy talk left.
All we can do is be real here now that we're in the dome.
And the earth is so far, far, far away.
Oh, no!
Oh, no!
He's got the oxygen.
Oh, man.
If you hadn't let that oxygen in, I'd make a tie.
Cowboy Dave entered the dome just in time.
He ran out of coolies.
We were just going to stop him.
The whole thing started to collapse.
He got the oxygen with nitrous oxide or something.
Oh, they'd love that.
Don't ever do that, kids.
If you ever steal the big tank of laughing gas from behind the hospital,
don't take it in the closet and turn it on.
Don't drive out to Lover's Leap and close the car window.
Turn it off.
You should always have a grown-up like Bob Dobbs there.
And his little balloons.
Oh, yeah.
Wow.
Coming up next, Mr. Ivan Stang, the very reverent doctor, super dental magic magician,
Ivan Stang.
I heard that he's just coming off a tour with Kiss Psycho Circus, and that he's managed
to come here and play with us.
So we're going to do a Q&A.
And the biggest song is going to be our tribute to a psycho circus, Ivan Stang.
Let's do this.
This really took me by surprise, dear friends.
This is a band called Peachy Neachy playing at Starwood.
And I had no idea that I had been on tour with Kiss.
And I don't know a damn thing about them.
I don't know a damn thing about the band called Kiss.
So this song they're doing in the background doesn't make...
You got me.
It's a world of mysteries out there in subgenius land in our strange travels.
But let's listen to this.
Peachy Neachy, by the way, never spells the name of the band the same way twice.
And I've seen a pretty astounding number of ways to spell it so far.
I'm good.
This is the tune we're writing.
You come when I'm gone
It's a bold new school
What a cool time
You're all fired up
You think you have said it all


Yeah, thatvicano expert
Master of the� Lyft
I am a cool mess, heavy metal cool mess
Either heavy metal, shoot me dead
I am a wanker, heavy metal wanker
Go every week, see the same fans
They're the coolest, heavy metal rulers
They all sound the same, but call each other shacks
Yeah
Our band did it first, your band is the worst
Form your tricks while up on stage
Heavy metal action, head-bagging action
Done 20 years ago, band, twice that age
Gotta be a wanker, heavy metal wanker
All we got is this thug law
Those guys call me Miche

Some call me Zach
Hang the straw out, my blood looked well
опuselick
crew
Sleep all day, drink all night
You're a loser,icano

Yeah I'm trying to tell you



I wear my leather jacket and my jeans real tight
Like Rocky
I am a poser, 90's version poser
I gotta fly and be all the best gear
Live with my parents, say it's lots of cabbage
G in the studio and all the year
You gotta be a wanker, heavy metal wanker
I'm a wanker, heavy metal wanker
I'm a wanker, heavy metal wanker
I'm a wanker, heavy metal wanker
Well, that's it. Here's your keys.
Goodbye friends and happy motoring back on the freeway which is already in progress.
Whoa. Well, here goes.
Oh, nice feel.
Oh, hmm. Let's see.
Oh, how can you be in two places at once when you're not anywhere at all?
I think I'll give this old baby a spin on the freeway.
Wrong way.
Here we go.
Entering freeway.
Emergency parking only.
Emerging buses ahead.
Giant slide. 19 holes. Underground parking.
Mitten Hills retirement paradise.
Swingers only.
Oh, too bad.
Easy access.
Goldoni Avenue, half mile.
Spidometer check. Zero.
Oh, Strasburg Lane.
Strasburg's only got half a mile on it.
Antelope Freeway, five and a shield.
North all two miles.
Antelope Freeway North.
Do I want to go north or do I want to take the, let's see, the Gomorrah Expressway West?
Cheryl Valley Condoms if you lived here.
You'd be home by now.
Antelope Hills. Selected living. Comfortable.
Antelope Freeway. This lane. Exit only.
I think I'll take the old Antelope.
Less traffic.
Street overpass.
Antelope Freeway. One mile.
Clean up Armenia.
Get a hair lift.
Antelope Freeway. One half mile.
Chili Avenue overpass.
Let's see what they've got in this car.
Antelope Freeway. One quarter mile.
Let's see. We've got lights.
Antelope Freeway. One A5.
Wipers. Defrost.
Antelope Freeway. One A5.
16th mile.
Climate control. Hmm.
Antelope Freeway. One 32nd mile.
Let's see what kind of climate I can get.
Antelope Freeway. One 64th mile.

Spring Fever.
Antelope Freeway. One 128th mile.
Indian Summer.
Antelope Freeway. One 256th mile.
Tropical Paradise. Tropical Paradise.
Antelope Freeway. One 515th mile.
I think I'll give it a try.
What a groove.
A tropical paradise.
All right. All right.
This way. This way now.
What a wonderful clearing in the jungle.
Just the place to build our camp.
All right, you men. Get cracking now.
The pump tent's right over there, I think.
Right. The foundation should go right about here.
The stockade. The stockade.
Captain, excuse me, sir. May I speak to you alone, sir?
Why, of course you can.
Daddy, I've lost the Lincoln rods.
That's all right. I've got an erector set.
Show off.
Throw a towel over it.
Do some push-ups, Pablo. It'll go away.
Hey, hey, hey. What are you guys doing in my car?
The fox trot. You can have the next dance.
Herbert, throw him the fox.
This animal is sick.
Yes, it is a catchy little number, isn't it?

Uh-oh. I think he's caught it. Doctor giving something for his car.
All right, all right. Here's a quarter.
Oh, that's not much.
It's not much of a cost.
I need a gas station. Did I pass one?
No, no. But the fox did. Squeeze him right there. Maybe he'll pass another one.
Oh, no. Gasoline.
Oh, my boy. If it's drugs you want, the old doctor can help you out.
Right this way.
Get your hands off me. I don't want to leave.
Then roll up your arm and bend over. Do you want regular or premium?
Oh, this is ridiculous. You guys are nothing but a pack of cars.
Drink me.
Eat me.
Smoke me.
Dream to me only with fine farts.
There must be some way out of this. I'll change the air. That's what I'll do.
What if I got left on climate control?
Dust storm?
No, no. Hurt your lungs.
Tibetan wilderness?
No, no. You'll get lost.
Land of the Pharaohs?
No, don't do it.
Land of the Pharaohs.
Don't do it.
That sounds...
Don't do it. Don't do it.
Hey, this isn't the Land of the Pharaohs.
And that wasn't the Firesign Theater, dear friends.
That was...
You ever hear of cover bands?
Well, that was the Firesign Clones.
It's actually the...
Mostly it's the organizers of Starwood,
which is a group called the Chameleon Club.
In Cleveland.
Where they live on DNA level C.
And back in the day,
while we were weaned on them old Firesign Theater albums,
that one was from how can you be in two places at once
when you're not anywhere at all.
And boy, it's fun.
And yet, the...
You know the accents.
I don't know.
It'll never, ever be quite the same.
And nobody is ever the same
after they've been to that Starwood place.
So, let's go back there, shall we?
In this brief excerpt.
Uh, heard...
Here!
Sexuals, you know?
It's not like we're putting down the Y0K bug itself.
And...
And besides, it...
All of that stuff has just gotten so old and tiresome.
I mean, we've got six months to the end of the world
and it's already an old gag.
It did...
I did misread...
I saw the phrase Y2K,
which is almost as obnoxious as alien heads now.
And I misread it as Y2 cool.
And I thought,
that's what they really are gonna have to worry about.
Not the Y2...
Not...
It's not gonna...
It's gonna be more like...
Suddenly everything that was cool
won't be cool anymore.
It's like, my computer still works,
but my tattoo doesn't.
Anyway, this is called Y2K.
You guys should turn that on.
Duh.
It's coming closer,
that beast at the end of my hall.
They call it Y2K,
it's going to devour us all.
They're running specials,
tracing back to ancient history.
Then tracing forward day by day.
Day by day.
Recounting all the things accomplished in this century.
Now a little glitch is gonna make us pay.
Well, I don't want to go Y2K-ing tonight.
Don't want to watch the world cave in tonight
and see my century disappear overnight.
I don't want to go Y2K-ing tonight.
I don't want to go Y2K-ing tonight.
You say at midnight,
no airplanes will fall from the sky.
Come on a trip to some exotic locale.
That the phones will work
and modems most likely won't fry.
And God's hand in a surprising hotel.
You swear there ain't no chance
of big financial slaughter.
No depression.
You swear by everything it's true.
But I see you storing spam
and gallons of good water.
So I'm no longer sure of you.
Well, I don't want to go Y2K-ing tonight.
Don't want to watch the world cave in tonight
and see my century disappear overnight.
I don't want to go Y2K-ing tonight.
Don't want to give away
my memories and moments in time.
It's the millennium and I don't want to enter.
Faces and names I know of.
Songs that occasionally rhyme.
I still can operate my entertainment center.
I am so comfortable with ones and nines as heroes.
I love their steady attitude.
Now you want me on my knees in front of all those zeros.
And I'm pretty sure I'm getting screwed.
No!
I don't want to go Y2K-ing tonight.
Don't want to watch the world cave in tonight.
I don't want to go Y2K-ing tonight.

And see my century disappear overnight.
I don't want to go Y2K-ing tonight.
I don't want to go Y2K-ing.
I don't want to go Y2K-ing.
I don't want to go Y2K-ing tonight.
I'm gonna huddle in a corner and take cover.
Undercover.

Say a prayer and close my eyes.
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh.
So when the moment comes we vanish and it's over.
Going down now.
At least it won't be no surprise.
Please.
I don't want to go Y2K-ing tonight.
Don't want to watch the world cave in tonight.
And see my century disappear overnight.
I don't want to go Y2K-ing tonight.
I don't want to go Y2K-ing tonight.
I don't want to go Y2K-ing tonight.
I don't want to go Y2K-ing tonight.
I don't want it.
Ooh, I'm not ready.
I'm not compliant.
Y2K-ing.
I don't want to go.
Y2K-ing.
I don't want to go.
Y2K-ing.
I don't want to go.
Y2K-ing.
I don't want it, y'all.
Y2K-ing, tonight.
No!
Reboot.
Wow, dear friends.
Amazing.
Thank you, Victoria
Ganger and
Revelry, which is
M.A. Tummins and Princess
We Are Doe.
Recorded there live at Starwood.
Victoria Ganger and Revelry.
It's a
Vicky does wonderful
computer songs and
has done the
famous Bob song,
My Wallet Belongs to Bob, as well as
many others, but now it sounds
like we're going deeper into
Einstein's secret
orchestra, or possibly
the
well, I
there's absolutely
two of these creatures
that are really, really
hard.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.

I don't know.

Bob pays real good, but every
now and then he takes something
and he took my sense of balance.
Sometimes in an environment like
this where you can't see the
ground, things start to spin.
Sometimes things really do start
to spin.
And you just think it's the
disease.
That's just the way it is.

It's not just a
body effect.
It's your teeth, you know.
That's where the microphones are.
My eyes
pull them in.
I have them.
That's what I'm saying.
Yes, we fooled them, didn't we, friends?
I forgot to give the contact address for Vicky Ganger and Revelry.
Are you ready?
I'm ready.

















It's an email address.
RevelryPro at AOL.com.
That's RevelryPro at AOL.com.
I suppose I could give a phone number.
I don't think I'd better do that here.
Or you can just write to Bob, friends, if you have any question about anything at all.
Just write to Bob.
Just write to good old J.R. Bob Dobbs here at Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas,
75214.
The www. is a genius.
The website is subgenius.com.
Creepy.
Creepy.
Yeah.
You signed up with that subgenius church.
Oh, yeah, that's real funny.
It'd be like that heavy metal band I was into, making fun of the devil and God.
Hey, hey, let's go down to the graveyard, kids.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.






I did not do blasphemous things.
Yeah.
And then you thought, oh, those pagans, they take their clothes off.
They're...
It's more fun.
Big party.
Yeah.
No responsibility.
God's not look at.
We got to keep on.
And guess what?
That's right.
Praise Bob.
Actually, God was looking the whole time.
Going right on.
OK.
Well, that's the truth, grab the х carbonator and talk aboutcjon.




Go at it.
I cut those strings thousands, millions and millions of years ago.
You've got free will.
That's the way it's been done for billions and billions of years.
I've been through it all.
I've been through it all.
And it's free.
No, no, really.
And it's free.
And it's free.
And it's free to go to you.
When I broke my heart, baby.
Oh, honey.
Did not belong in tears.
Did not belong in tears.
Did not belong in tears.

Did not belong in tears.
Did not belong in tears.
Did not belong in tears.
Oh, sorry, friends.
That's from my videotape of Big Brother and the Holding Company from Starwood a couple of weeks ago.
Strange, huh?
Well, let's go back to Subgenius at Starwood.
Sorry.
The shop will be open tomorrow.
There really is an ESO and Subgenius shop down the road there.
Tranquility.
Tranquility base.
Where you can land and wear your moon pants freely.
Among other moon pants aficionados.
Sure, others laugh at us for our moon pants and our fixation on moon pants.
And the relentless irrelevance of the moon pants.
Yeah.
But we already launched the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer into near Earth orbit.
And what less relevant thing is there next than the moon pants?
Have you ever noticed how religions seem to really fixate on the most trivial, random, seemingly random, nonsensical objects?
Those are the best kind.
.
.
Officer, have you ever read Mad Magazine?
Let's pray that none of us have to say that line this year.
I've had to say that every year to some.
Officer, have you ever heard of Mad Magazine?
.
Well, that's all we're doing, really.
.
It's just a funny joke.
Just a satire.
Because look what they did to all our predecessors who tried to act too serious.
Yeah.
Wouldn't it have to come back as a joke just to survive like a rat in the walls, like a cockroach immune to the poison?
Just to be ignorant.
Not sure if they
were being sincere or your style or just some random bad
piece of crap that isn't a joke or more terrible.

Will the weight of the conspiracy day job drag us down into acts of random petty vindictiveness
and snobbishness and bad deed doing?
No! We all want to do good deeds and be positive, like Bob, and be cool, and get laid, and get rich!
Rich without working! That's it! We're not communists! We want everything now!
We want our cake and to be able to eat it too!
Wasn't that what the damn cake was for in the first place?
They complain all the time about the whore of Babylon, but they never told you how good looking she was now, did they?
No, they always leave that part out.
Man, it's 1-5-20. There's probably great fireworks going down there, and you guys are sitting here staring at some asshole in a kimono.
Good night!
Good night!
Hey, what happens if they...
I'm going home!
Let's just open the airlock and let it collapse!
No, don't do that!
End of the world trip!
Don't do that!
Don't turn off the artificial gravity yet!
I have to do it, but it's bad.
Bob has left the building.
Close the damn door!
I'm sorry!
Okay, close it! Give me the clothes!
I got a little bit of trouble coming in.
What's Bob's name again?
Come on, let it get up! Let it get up!
Going down now!
Beautiful!
Let it get up! Give it a nice up!
Ah, that's how I felt last night.
Yeah.
Let it get up!
Just give it a minute, it'll get back up!
Wait a minute, think about baseball!
Ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha!

Think about baseball!
Ha ha ha!
All right, you're all right, really.
Let's run.
Bunch it, get ready, go! Go! Go!
Go! Go!
Yeah!
All right!
juego
Starwood, dear friends, is a real interesting festival.
It started about a million years ago by a very interesting group in Cleveland called ACE, or the Association for Consciousness Exploration.
And the best way to get a grip on that would be to check out their website at www.rosencomet.com.
That's www.rosencomet.com.
That's www.rosencomet.com.
Rosencomet being spelled R-O-S-E-N-C-O-M-E-T.
Uh, yeah.
Dear friends.
And actually, oh, if only you could see the great bonfire at the end of Starwood, which is...
It has...
It's sort of become a pagan event, you might say.
It's a spectacular scene on Saturday nights when the giants come out and light the giant bonfire.
And all the tiny ant-like pagan midgets, like Ewoks, dance naked around the great fire.
It's the fire and the flames.
It looks like a scene out of hell itself.
And they look like they're having about as much fun as they would be in subgenius hell.
In fact, they are.
In fact, I built it.
Brain.
It's a story about the shrinking intellect.
It's about a whole town full of people whose brains got smaller at one time.
Well, it actually took about five years.
I don't know what started it.
I don't know where it began.
But it reached such a sorry state that people would walk up and down from one edge of the town to the other,
burbling inanities to each other and sniveling off people they didn't quite dig.
And then, pretty soon, big hunks there.
They fell out.
And because the decay had seeped down...
Uh-oh.



...the brain area all the way into their mouths.
And next thing you know, the tongues was a-wiggling, and they were in pain.
That's right.
They were in some heavy, dark pain.
But the tongues to wagon.
The brain was dead.
The brain had actually atrophied into a piece of lumpage.
Say what?
Another prophetic vision brought to you by...
You'll thank us for it later.
Or now.
He said, well, that may be.
But I doubt it.
But I doubt it.
We must be ID'd now.
We must be bona fide.
Consider yourself ID'd.
Yes.
So that means that we know where they know where to come and get us, so to speak.
They always did.
They're rounding us up lately.
They gave us the room to do it in.
They listen through your teeth.
Yep.
All this equipment belongs to them.
So they don't need to watch us as long as we're watching TV,
and they don't need to put mics on us as long as we're running around doing these stupid radio shows.
Really?
We just, you know, we're pretty much saying what we think it is and so forth,
and then we're having our...
We're having our teeth drilled while we're watching television.
What other group of people could be slandered in such a nice and sumptuous way?
God bless America.
God bless America.
God bless America.
Really?
We're on more stations than Howard Stern is.
And we get much less money than him, which is a refractory illness,
which we have to correct somehow, I think.
We're real proud of that fact, though.
Because we're not in it for the money.
We never...
This is integrity.
We didn't want money or the world to end.
What are we in?
We meant to do this.
What are we in?
As a medium?
I mean, regardless of what we're in it for, what is it?
That's right.
Are we in a spatial medium?
Are we in a dimensional medium?
What are we?
This is like metaphysics now.
What are you?
I am a misogynistic beast.
I think we took a wrong turn at that universe next door.
I told...
Well, that's what happens when you have parallel worlds.
You can see them spinning around in for that one second.
See?
A woman came into my store today wanting me to take ads out in this,
and I told her I thought this magazine was ruining people's lives.
What?
The Shifty-Eyed Times?
The Shifty-Eyed Times.
You know, Deepak Chopra...
That's a typical New Age advertisement for Deepak Chopra.
He is the head of an evil empire, which we don't even suspect.
And while he's telling us that we can conceivably live to be 130,
it will be a world on a slave planet where we literally have to
shift the uranium sand off of our food, off of our peanut butter and jam sandwiches.
That's right. Copper top.
That's right, copper top.
That's the word to describe it, too.
A metallic overture.
What does that mean?
Copper top.
What kind of an insult is that?
That means we're human batteries, baby.
We're all, you know...
Can't you hear it?
Did you hear that drilling?
Yeah.
