Uh, you are listening, once again, to the subgenius radio ministry, Hour of Slack.
And it is slack.
And it's funny about, actually, it's sort of ironic that our show is preceded by the Asian hour.
Because when I live...
When I left work, see, I left the door with a Japanese-American, a Vietnamese-American, a Hong Kong investor.
And we...
And the Caucasians were still working, except for me.
But shoot, friends, I mean, this is a subgenius show.
What am I fooling around with all these stupid comments for?
I'll tell you, it's been a tough week.
It really has.
Back at work again.
For those subgenius subscribers listening, we still haven't mailed the stark fist out yet.
But, by God, by Wednesday, man.
By Wednesday, it's going to be in there.
As for videos going to those who called and pledged $60.
Why, in about 30 seconds here, I'll have the list of who actually paid the $60.
Ranger Rita has been keeping track.
Know thy enemy, friends.
What I want to play here is...
Actually, this is an old rant by Father Papa Joe Mama.
The subgenius preacher in Stanford, California.
Although, I think he's really from Alabama.
Alabama.

Here we go.
Hello, friend.
Tonight's sermon is entitled,
Us versus Them.
Also known as,
Know thy enemy.
Now, we all know who us is.
But how many of us really know who them are?
The black book sayeth,
If you're not us, then you are them.
And therefore, against us.
Wade into them.
Shoot them in the belly.
Spill their blood.
When you stick your hand in a pile of shit.
That a moment before was your best friend's brain.
You'll know who them is.
For those of us less fortunate, however.
Allow me to define.
What do I mean by them?
I mean.
Do I mean the thems that coins, the phrases, that paces?
You know, they say that Jews are cheap.
Uh, they quip, if you're white, you're right.
If you're black, you're back.
They claim subgenie have big peeny.
Is that the they that them is?
The nameless, faceless, mindless trash.
There's nothing better to do all day than go around and make up all the lies.
Is that the them that they is?
No, friends.
We don't make them the liars.
That fabricate truths.
All except the one about subgenies.
No, them's not the they that them is.
Let me be more precise.
Shall I?
How about the liberals?
The lamby, pamby, liberals.
The ones that just love and accept everyone and everything.
Except Ronald Reagan, Incorporated.
Oh, I just hate Ronald Reagan.
I can't stand George Bush.
I'm scared of President Quayle.
And let's not forget their bumper sticker battle cry.
Nuclear wars have no winners.
So bad.
So bad.
So bad.
So bad.
Nuclear wars aren't supposed to have any winners, friends.
It's designed to be inhumane.
It's built to blow up the world 90 times over.
Don't ask who's gonna launch the match the first time the world's destroyed.
There's not supposed to be any survivors.
None.
Zero.
And that's the whole point.
That's why they call it mad mutually assured destruction, friends.
Those liberals, they're just so quick, aren't they?
It took them 40 years to figure it out.
But miracle of miracles, they understand it now.
If there's a nuclear war, we're all gonna die.
And maybe, just maybe, that's why it is now and ever shall be world without an amen.
And that's also why, friends, we love Bob and we hate liberals.
But the question still remains, are they the them responsible for the conspiracy?
No, friends.
Them's not the them that they is.
So who does that leave, friends?
Who do you think?
Our good old friends, the conservatives.
The right stuff.
Them's that gets down to the trickle down.
The conservatives.
The ones who believe in the sanctity of human life.
Oh, I just cried when Ronald Reagan got his legs cut off at King's Row.
Or, oh, that poor little Pekingite.
He needs to be taught some wholesome values.
He needs to learn to appreciate this great country of ours that rescued him from the dark African jungle,
offered him eternal salvation through Christ,
and tore itself in twain to abolish that hideous evil, slavery.
And yes, even sacrificed its first Republican president.
What's that?
He's accused of murder?
Toast him right until his eyeballs pop out!
But unborn children, friends, oh, they're innocent, aren't they?
Their only crime is that their mother is a virgin.
Their mother was promiscuous.
Why then should they get the death penalty?
Fetuses have rights too.
Wrong! Wrong! Wrong!
Abortion isn't cold blood and murder, friends.
It's warm blood and murder.
And that's why we, the subgenies, love abortions.
We drink them by the gallons.
We eat them by the bushelful.
They're great with just a pinch of saline solution on top.
Hey, but friends, we don't like abortions for taste only.
We like them as an investment.
Every dollar spent on abortion saves hundreds, if not thousands, of welfare and prison dollars.
And that'll buy you a hell of a lot of slack, friends.
Until the subgenie can abolish taxes altogether,
and that day is just on the horizon, friends,
abortion remains the closest thing we have to a tax rebate.
It is the communion wine to which we toast.
J.R. Bob Dobbs, the man who fathered more illegitimate abortions
than any other traveling salesman, bottoms up, Bob.
We love abortions, and we hate conservative!
But the question still remains, friends,
are them the them that's running the conspiracy?
Hell no!
It's too big!
The conspiracy is everywhere!
The conspiracy is everyone!
All of the above!
We hate them all!
And when the revolution comes, friends,
everyone is gonna be the first up against the wall!
Praise Bob!
Amen.
Yeah!
Amen, Papa Joe Mama!
And I'd like to papa this microphone with a few pays!
I love to do that.
Well, it's a good thing I've got some tape here to keep you all entertained,
because, boy, in personal reality-type life, I'm so overworked.
I don't feel like doing my hobby.
Do you ever feel that way, friends,
when the real world, the paying job, leans on you so heavy?
You work those nights.
You know, until midnight, you drive home, and you just go to sleep.
You get up the next morning, drive to work.
All home is is a place to crash for a very short time.
That's the way I'm feeling right now.
So I'm gonna...
I think I'd best get off the mic.
That was Papa Joe Mama, you just heard.
And what we've got coming up...
Well, sure, why not?
Criswell Predicts.
Friends, this is from an album.
Taken from a radio show from the late 60s.
Criswell, the star of Plan 9,
or at least the narrator of Plan 9 from Outer Space.
He was actually a radio personality back in L.A.
I think he was pretty much local.
But he's gotten famous because he was so accurate.
His predictions were just amazingly accurate.
And Reverend Joe Riley here in Dallas sent this one in, and he says...
Enjoy and praise Bob.
Ah, greetings, my friend.
We are all interested in the future,
for that is where you and I are going to spend the rest of our lives,
whether we want to or not.
And remember, my friend, these future events will affect you.
The future is in your hands.
So let us remember the past, honor the present,
and be amused at the future.
I predict that politics will make stranger bedfellows than ever before.
I fearlessly predict that the once politically inactive South
will rise again in no uncertain terms.
I predict that every vote south of the Mason-Dixon line
could easily be conservative.
I predict there will be two political parties in America.
One will be the conservative party and the other will be the liberal party.
There will be a clean-cut division which no one could conscientiously cross over.
This startling trend will become most apparent before the next election,
and you will join heartily in this stand whether you want to or not.
Now don't say you won't, because I predict you will.
I predict fashions for both men and women will be exactly alike in the new unisex trend.
The new tunics which will soon be worn have no difference except in size.
Men are growing smaller in stature, and the women are growing larger in stature,
and there will only be three sizes, large, medium, and small,
to the new tunic you will soon wear.
I predict there will be body stockings for those who would feel shy or modest.
Those who wish to wear nothing naturally
will be free to do so.
I predict the day of severity in dress will soon be at hand,
almost puritanical in style, with no beads, no jangles, no bracelets.
Men and women will wear exactly the same makeup,
the same style of hair dress, and if required, the same type of wig.
I was not allowed to say on television, radio, or have it appear in my column
as the advertisers would clomp down on me,
and clomp very heavily.
I further predict the new age of nudity,
for the human body will be glorified.
Body designs, self-painted, will take up most of your spare time.
Women will decorate their breasts with startling colors,
while men will decorate their genitals.
Those who are politically ornated will always print body slogans on themselves,
and this will take place of the present day bumper stickers.
Subdued colors will be used in the cloth,
but riotous colors will be painted on your body.
I predict that the entertainment personalities of the future
will be entertainment personalities and nothing else.
When someone pays admission to hear a singer or a comedian,
they will not tolerate protest messages.
They will demand and receive 100% entertainment,
as this is the only thing that television or the radio
sponsor will tolerate.
Too many items are now off the shelves due to a subconscious boycott
of that item by the viewer who rejected the program
on which this item was advertised.
I predict entertainment will be entertainment,
and entertainment alone.
I predict that in our tomorrow,
the little women will reign supreme.
I predict that it will be impossible for a man
to divorce a woman, for she must divorce him.
I pre...
I predict that this record player will start on time this time.
Ah, ha ha!
Praise Bobby!
He Deeing
this record player,
它的
teles Tae
Haines

Oh, God!
Whoa!
We'll never rescue them now!
We'll never rescue them now!
We want more!
We want more!
We want more!
We want more!
I'm still in one piece.
I think.
I can't imagine why.
Our descent in what I take to be the volcano of Mount Etna
should have been slowed by a rising cushion of warm air.
Damn thing.
Go out!
Oh, no!
Not more giants!
Can I help you, tiny mortal?
I sincerely hope so.
I'm Baron Munchausen.
You may have heard of me.
My friends and I are looking for three men.
One with exceptional eyesight,
one with superb hearing and powerful lungs,
and one who's exceptional.
And one who's extremely large and strong.
Ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho!
Oh, we're all extremely large and strong here.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!
I am Vulcan, the god.
And these are my giant employees.
Cyclops.
Who even now are going back to Earth!
I'm willing to supply arms and equipment
to anyone that's prepared to pay the price.
Greeks, Trojans, Romans, Huns.
It's not my fault if they're crazy enough to slaughter each other, is it?
Ah!
You monkey crew!
Your ghost laws don't impress me!
I'm God!
I've got all the time in the universe!
Hear that?
All the time, me!
You know, in the old days, the staff used to get paid
on the dot every thousand years.
This not expect from every century.
Ah, this power radius!
What's this?
Oh, this is our prototype.
RX, uh, Intercontinental.
Oh, this is the...

Radar-stakey, multi-war-headed nuclear missile.
Ah!
What does it do?
Do?
Kills the enemy.
All the enemy?
Aye, all of them.
All their wives and all their children and all their sheep
and all their cattle and all their cats and dogs.
All of them.
All of them.
Got them for good.
That's horrible!
Ah.
Well, you see, the advantage is you don't have to see
one single one of them die.
You just sit comfortably thousands of miles away
from the battlefield and simply press the button.
Well, where's the funny net?
Oh, we cater for the best of the best.

For all Thor's here, you'll be surprised.
Would you care for a little fodder, perhaps?
Yes, uh, let's have a little fodder, I think.
Ha ha ha ha.
Uh, uh, well, yeah, actually, you can have some more fodder.
If you want to call up and pester Will,
even more than he's already being pestered
by the inane callers we're getting right now,
uh, call 823-7490.
And, uh, pester Will with more inane questions
to which he will give you insane answers and, uh, what...
Hey, what...
No!
Oh, thank you, Dr. Drummond.
I was tired of talking, so I'm glad Dr. Drummond and...
And you can tell us, too, about your new radio show.
Huh?
Oh, yeah, we have...
We had a radio show.
An ex-radio show.
We were on the world's pinkest subgenius radio show.
We were on the world's most popular subgenius radio show for a while,
and it got to be to the point where most of the members of the band
couldn't tolerate it any longer.
It's, uh...
And, uh, that was run by the Chuck and Debbie formerly mentioned here.
But, uh, we've decided that we'll start a counterattack
of authorized subgenius radio show.
And, uh, I doubt if we'll get the chance to be put on opposite them,
but at some point in time during the week,
we're gonna have a counter...
A counter-Chuck and Debbie show.
Good, good.
On KDHX.
We can't wait to hear the KDHX FM version of the counter-Chuck and Debbie show.
The only Dobbs-approved show on KDHX.
You know, of all the subgenius radio shows on KDHX,
this will be the only one that is actually Dobbs-approved.
Sort of like the situation here.
Yeah.
Just that pink river.
And now we're entering the pink zone.
I hear a stupid voice.
That's very stupid.
Hi, Uncle Farmer.
Hi.
How are you?
Not much, Martin.
Just be grooving on the radio, that's all.
You're getting ready for stupid day.
Do you have an accordion?
Do I have a recorded one?
No, an accordion.
An accordion?
Yeah.
No, I don't.
I wish I did.
We're gonna have the world's largest mounting accordion band on April.
It's gonna be stupid today.
That's what I heard.
Yeah.
And, uh, we're gonna have a bunch of people.





And, uh, so, do you always gotta come out, you know?
Christina, she probably doesn't wanna play the accordion, right?
You gave her an accordion license, right?
Well, I've got the, like, Gestalt accordion that I've played for a long time.
Oh, well, you should bring it out.
We can have one of the tenor accordions.
I carry it with me.
The Gestalt accordion?
Mm-hmm.
Gestalt.
The Gestalt accordion.
I carry it with me always.
Mm-hmm.
Kind of the same thing, right?
I've never, never been seen without my accordion.
Wow.
I saw him in the shower once, and it's true.
He had that accordion with him.
He had the accordion in front of him to conceal his repulsive nature.

You know, he could have.
You know, and it gets wet, and the reeds start sticking, and...
Oh, so that's what you call it, is it?
Yes.
I want to apologize to our sensitive listeners for the degrading turn this, uh, line of conversation
has taken.
Is there a Nelsonoid on there?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Don't you hear him?
I thought that voice sounded familiar.
Yeah, that's very mutual, Mr. C.
Yeah.
He just got in from the desert minutes before the show started, and...
He emerged from the desert.
And now, it's...







Well, actually, Bishop Joey got in from the desert hours before the show started.
He's been extracting the barrel from the bones of the dead.
Everybody has been in the desert from the bones of the dead.
This is like old homeboy week out there, isn't it?
Yeah.
Ding-a-ding-a-ding-a-ding-a-ding.
Well, you gonna have, uh, cheese blanches, or egg, or omelet?
Actually, our cook has gone south for this weekend alone, so we're gonna go hungry.
So we're gonna have microwave pizza for our subgenius breakfast.
And beer.
I brought some roadkill.
Yeah.
Smith Eggies, yeah.
Smith Eggies, yeah.
Here's a turtle that's been in the sun only about four days.
Yeah.


Wasn't the Smith Eggie dream great?
Oh, it was excellent.
Yeah.
I dream that same dream every day.
Oh, yeah?
For six years.
I count three.
I thought I was the only one like that.
Are you trying to tell me that this wonderful menu, we're not gonna eat all these things
tonight?
Yeah, that's right.
This morning, you mean?
No, I'm afraid not.
We'll just have to look at the food this time.
Oh, no.
You read the menu.
You read the item on the menu, and then take a bite and think about it.
All right.
Take a bite at the menu.
Roadkill Turtle Blintz Banquet.
Now, bite the menu.
This is a box turtle.
It's been on the road for four days.
It's been scooped up and lightly fried, then fricasseed in a pan of chowder and dusted with
talcum powder for that Denver Mile High sandwich tingly tangy taste.
Mmm, yum.
Topped off with Sailcast Azure.
Yeah.
Sailcast?
Kind of.
Soaked in an old rainwater-filled hollow stump for three weeks, and then sautéed lightly.
Hey, that's my stump.
And double amputee fricasseed.
That was a joke?
Oh, sorry.
My stump?
My stump.
My stump.

So stump on down to...
Get off my stump.
Get off, man.
Hey, man.
The stump speech made by Senator Stoop is not responsible for the actions of the subgeniuses.
Well, the speed of the...
Sorry?
...their wives...
After the show, it's all over, brother.
...their wives...
Yeah, it's over.
...their wives...


...management and staff of KTOA, 94-1...
Yeah.
...and then we'll Rotan.
Yeah, we'll Rotan for about nine hours.
Yeah.
And then we'll start playing our instruments after we Rotan.
And then we'll super-frop.
Yeah.
Really?
Yeah.


We'll smoke the ultimate frop.
Yeah, yeah.
That's the stump.
The one that has the wires that hang off of it.
The one that has the wires that hang off of it.

You know?
If you can't get the can, it has those little wires that hang off of it.
But what is frop anyway?
You can see the dreams in the resin.
Frop is a synthetic mutoid vegetable, Tibetan matter that only, you know, you can only see
with your eyes closed.
Yes.
The legendary habafrop zipulops, grown on the droppings of Tibetan holy men and the






rabbit yetis and the high passes of the...
But there's a new ship that we have, guys.
There's a new...
Look for Clore.

You know, we've had trouble getting past the DEA because they keep taking it to some kind
of illegal drug.
Well, you know, there is an all-inclusive law which it declares drugs that haven't even
been discovered illegal.
Yeah, that's our favorite kind of legalization.
This one's been discovered.
It's just, you know, the permits are so buried deep, so deep into the books that it takes
years just to be able to...




Yes, extensive legalistic scholarship is necessary to exhume the Frop Law of International
Jurisprudence.
Hey, did you hear that?
For a second there, there was a second of silence.
Yeah, yeah, just before the rocket took off.
That second of silence is just where the nut falls into the giant booster and the thing
blows up, you know, and then you start the second side.
That's where the O-ring blew out.
Right, that's this moment of silence.
It's pure, it's clean, it's all there is.
Cool.
It's a kind of violence.
And you think to yourself, maybe I should have, and then the rest of the tape goes.
Boy, look at those colors.
They're cooking up a storm on the color board over there.
Did you cook up Paul there today at our...
He's cooking in his own juices these days.
Yeah, stewing, as it were.
The tax rebel is being taxed beyond his dreams...
No, who are you talking about?
I just, I don't know who you're talking about.
Oh, well, I can't, I have to, I have to cut in there because, you know, the case is, you
know, the KPFA fellows, Paul, I mean, no, not the totem Paul, but Doug and Hal and Gary
and their guest Philo, were about to gossip and I wouldn't want to do a thing like that.
In fact, actually, what I want to do is go to the bathroom, but instead...
I predict that both a religious and a civil ceremony will be required of all marriages.
I predict in the future it will be a religious ceremony.
I predict that it will be very possible for a woman to sell her husband to another woman,
both legally and morally.
I predict man will truly be the slave of woman.
You women now control 93% of the wealth and spend 87 cents out of every dollar.
So what are we poor men to do?
Personally, I welcome it because we men have made such a mess of things.
You women must naturally come to our rescue and do better.
I predict that you will not be able to turn this record off as they turned me off on the Johnny Carson program with my following prediction.
I predict every able-bodied man in America will be asked to contribute to a sperm bank.
This will later be used in artificial insemination if and when a holocaust should occur.
This sperm bank will be open 24 hours a day.
And a night depository would be a good place to be.
This for the eventuality that the male of the species might become extinct.
Oh, he thought I couldn't turn him off and see I went and did it just like Johnny Carson.
A personal discovery of this program for San Francisco.
The first time anywhere in San Francisco radio live from New York.
The music of Black Shabbos Live.
Thank you very much.
We're healing.
Well?
So what's new?
Nothing, what's with you?
Eh, can't complain.
Well the name is Black Shabbos and we came to play.
We're three Yiddish rappers and we came to sing.
Sit back and relax and have a tequila.
Have a nice day and have an a-gila.
We're Blind Baba.
Adi.
And Shlomo E.
And we're the freshest high city you ever did see.
We're full of charm, we got lots of charisma.
At thirteen years of age, we had a bomb.
It's a Wrap It Up!
Wrap It Up!
Wrap It Up!
Wrap It Up!
Look out all you rappers.
We're coming into town.
But we have to stop jamming.
Before sunday!
We may be Orthodox, but we still like to boogie.
A rabbi thinks that we're a little mashugi.
Our parents wanted us to be lawyers and doctors,
but we grew up to be three Yiddish rappers.
We're hard, we're mean, we know what's going down.
We grew up on the street in Levittown.
Wrap it up.
Wrap it up.
Wrap it up.
Wrap it up.
There's a poison going round, got our religion in a jam.
It's worse than crack, and its name is ham.
So don't eat it.
Puy.
Don't eat it.
Fah.
Listen, all you brothers snorting cocaine through your straws,
you ought to pay attention to your dietary laws.
Some people think they're kosher, but we know that they're bacon
because the B in BLT, it stands for bacon.
Don't eat it.
Fah.
Don't eat it.
Puy.
Fah.
You talk to my girl about sex, she winces
because she's a Jewish-American princess.
You mention working, she whines and whines.
Because she wants to spend her life in Bloomingdale's.
At the hour of noon, she starts to wake up.
She'd lose ten pounds if she removed her makeup.
She wears lots of gold, that's no tomfoolery.
Why do you think they call it jewelry?
Wrap it up.
Wrap it up.
Wrap it up.
Wrap it up.
It's all right for now, all the funky parts.
Wrap it up.
I love the funk.
The funk.
Wrap it up.
Wrap it up.
That's Energie.
That's Painey to Heaven.
Number nine, number nine, number nine.
Step up number ten, your neck.
Step up to number ten, I'd like a chicken, please.
Lean and wrap it up.
Sure, I'll wrap that up for you.
Come up right away.
Well, we're so cool.
Almost frozen, we have to be, cause we're the chosen.
Now what y'all see is what you get, but this here rap ain't over yet.
Get down, get funky, shake your body to the beat.
But before you do, have something to eat.
If you got any room left, you can have a caniche.
Maybe a little later, some gefilte fish.
We are better than Houdini or Melly Mel.
With a hippity hop, you can hear us quell.
Watch out, fat boys, better run, DMC.
Now here we go, a one, two, three, wrap it up.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, wrap it up.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, oh, oh, oh, wrap it up.
She's such a yenta, she's such a yenta, wrap it up.
Wrap it up, wrap it up.
Nasty, nasty boys.
Who's that eating that mayonnaise?
I said nasty, nasty boys.
Who's that missing on holidays?
I said.
Nasty, nasty gauze.
So wrap it up.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Wrap it up.
Deal, deal.
Wrap it up.
Wrap it up.
Wrap it up.
Oh, man.
Wrap it up.
Wrap it up.
Yeah.
Oh, boy.
Happy Alex Bennett Show.
Thank you.
I loved Alex.
You're spinning like crazy there.
Oh, he's breaking.
Oh, he's breaking.
He's break dancing.
Look at that.
He's a great dancer, that Alex.
Oh, look at him go.
Oh.
Oh.
He's out of his studio.
That's crazy.
Put the headphones back on.
Oh, well, dear friends, thanks to Pat DiGiacomo for sending that one our way.
Yeah.
I've got this tape here I just got this week.
It's actually pretty old.
It's from Pope Jimbo in Cleveland.
Pope Jimbo, a die hard, mighty, mighty subgenius.
Well, well, well.
Well deserving the title of Pope who, well, actually, most of the tape is a copy of a
talk show on which I was the guest by phone.
It's a Cleveland talk show, AM drive time talk show, pretty much like OKLIF here in
Dallas.
It's sort of a Kevin McCarthy type of, you know, sort of liberal, sort of funny kind
of fellow, you know.
According to his, depending on the guest actually.
And, OK, I did this interview with him, which I may or may not play some of tonight.
But what's interesting is how Pope Jimbo got the guy to call us up and invite us on
his show.
You know, we don't send mailers out to every station in the country in order to spread
the word of Bob.
We have to let them sort of come to us and we have to rely upon the believers out there,
the true believers to do some of the footwork.
Well, Pope Jimbo's footwork was highly creative.
And what he did essentially, and you're about to hear this, every day he would call up this
talk show.
And he started out just mentioning Bob.

He was just saying the church of the subgenius and saying a little bit about it.
And he realized that wasn't getting him anywhere.
So he began to call up the show just once a day, never more than once in one day, and
always with a different accent, doing a different dialect.
And he would ask the host about the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer, to which the host,
of course, would go, what?
Well, that guy.

And make these little snide comments.
Well, the guy kept doing it in a tasteful and such a creative way that the host never
knew that it was the same person.
He finally just said, well, I've got to figure out what this is all about and ended up finally
getting us on the air.
But here are the tapes of Pope Jimbo calling the Bob Fuller Show, generally the Bob Fuller
Show.
They're in Cleveland, Ohio.
And being mysterious in such a way that although he angered the host a couple of times, in
general, he made it too good of a question to pass up.
Praise Bob.
Bob, the pink boy, the normal.
Enemies of Bob.
This is a new mini-series, isn't it?
How's that?
On Fox?
The enemies.
Explain to us this organization, sir.
The enemies of Bob.
The enemies of Bob.

No, no, I know.
Well, Bob is the head of the Church of the Subgenius, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
He's the guy with the pipe you see all over town.
And his enemies are the Nazi hell creatures from the Hollow Earth.
You would qualify to be a big finish.
You know that, sir.
Hallelujah.
Thank you for coming.
Once again.
They're coming from left field.
And we appreciate it.
Good night.
See, apparently he's off the medication, too.
I guess so.
Got the same problem as me.
Receptors just aren't receiving.
Greenhead.


The red hair turns orange.
Subgenius, praise Bob.
Oh, praise Bob.
Now, look it, Robert.
You know, you know that nobody can guarantee a window seat except Bob.
And that's on the X of spaceships.
That's right.
On July 5th, 1998, 7 a.m., when the signal from Amos and Andy reaches the Planet X.
You know that.
I do know that.
Hallelujah.
All right.
I also know that the Church of the Subgenius promises exactly what it delivers, which
is nothing.
Well, well, it does offer you, you know, a little bit of a chance to get a little bit


of eternal salvation or triple your money back.
No other church will do that.
That's right.
All right.
All right.
And nobody, and nobody has yet come forward to claim that guarantee.
No, nobody.
Hallelujah.
Hallelujah.
Praise Bob.
All right.
You interpret the scriptures.
And let's go to, uh, Charles.
Hi, Charles.
You're on 3WE.
Uh, hi, uh, Reverend Chalker.
Um, you know, uh, Jesus Christ is recognized by the Church of the Subgenius as being the
Son of God.
I just wonder if you folks, uh, recognize J.R.
Bob Dobbs as being the Son of God.

I think he's the living slack master, the avatar of slack.
Thank you.
Uh, you interpret that for me.
I, I think, um, I don't know.
There's this weird group that called, uh, I don't know.
It's, it's hard to explain.
Have you, have you seen these little guys around, around the city pasted up these little
paper pictures pasted up and they're, the Reverend Bob is this like a fifties type caricature
with a, with a, um, a pipe in his mouth.
Have you seen those?
No.
This is the Reverend Bob Dobbs, I guess.
And, uh, it's, uh, it's pretty weird.
Yeah, I guess so.
That guy, uh, hung on for such a long time.
Uh, we're taking your calls now.
Five, seven, eight, 1100 in Cleveland.
Uh, out here.
Yeah, he, he did something there that ran up the background noise.
I just cut him off.
Okay.
Okay.
Um, so that has caused a problem for us in the two days.
Good morning, David.
I'd just like to, uh, know if the lady is supporting the bleeding head of Arnold Paul.
Well, I don't know.
I just want to know if Arnold Palmer or if, uh, the Trevino seemed to be taking over,
uh, with the black people in the South Africa.
It seems like, uh, schism is, is becoming more popular in, in these, uh, third world
countries.
I don't understand that question at all.
He says, don't worry about it.
It's only good with Arnold Palmer, which I can't tie in at all.
Hello, Bob.
You're on three to.
However, as my chat with him in mid 1988 revealed, nonviolent is one thing and mentally healthy
is quite another.
He had been going on about the book of.
Isaiah chapter 53 when I realized what he was getting at.
Are you the Messiah?
Yes, this is who I am, sir. This is definitely who I am. This was made known to me in 1962.
There was an anointing without human hands of sacramental wine. I am the Moshiach ben
David HaMelech. I am the one who fulfills this. I am the one who reveals the power of
God and teaches mankind and brings a new world for mankind. This is my purpose.
Telephone on the radio.
Hello?
Yeah, I'd like to know, um, hello?
Yeah, go ahead.
Yeah, I'd just like to know about, um, you're talking about the football games there, and
I was wondering if you guys are getting any of what the sport called a head-launches.
Hello?
Yeah, the what?
The head-launches. The guy yesterday called about the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer.
Well, that's a head-launches.

Yeah, so do you understand?
No, I don't.
Okay. All right, Bob, are you still there? Bob August? Oh, I guess Bob left. All right.
Must have had another caller or something. Oh, we lost contact with Bob August, and then
we lost contact with our caller. So we're gonna regroup. Is there a full moon or something?
578-1100, toll free in Ohio, 1-800-325-5796.
Double your money...
I just want to, uh, comment on this, uh, the way people are knocking, uh, uh, Pete coming
back here.
and, you know, I heard him when I was up in New York
and, like, day after day, he really addressed the issues that counted.
Things like, you know, this Bob Dobbs, he would have him on the air,
this J.R. Bob Dobbs, he would discuss things, important things,
like this bleeding head of Arnold Palmer
and not just deal with the New York Jets or the New York Yankees or what have you.
He would deal with the real issues that matter in this world.
What is this bleeding head of Arnold Palmer?
Well, ask him.
His station up there in New York, he would be talking about it quite a bit.
It was something about, it was either the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer,
the launching of the head had to be accomplished once a year or something.
It was very serious.
And there was a schism with another group of Trevino-ists
who said the bleeding head of Lee Trevino, in essence, was the, you know,
I don't know, but I'm sure Pete Franklin could tell you more about it,
but it was just ridiculous.
It was really interesting talking to these people at the, yeah,
the subgenius foundation, that's the thing.
He'd have them on once a week or so anyway.
Really interesting stuff.
But these people should stop knocking him and give him a chance here in Cleveland.
Maybe they'd get a little bit more urbane.
All right.
Thank you, sir.
Hello there, Al.
Hi, how you doing, Bob?
I'm doing well, thank you.
But nothing would be more effective than for Americans simply to quit using illegal drugs.
Our weapons in this...
Our main strategy are the law and criminal justice system.
Is this all there is?
Is this all there is?
Let's take some calls.
Hello, Ahmed.
You're on 3WE with Harry Stein.
Yes, I would like to address the way these young men and boys who listen today have a medal.
And they wear the baseball caps backward.
They wear the hanky heads and whatever.
They're all very macho.
They want to...
They look down on women, you see.
Mm-hmm.
And I read in the book of the subgenius by the holy man, J.R. Bob Dobbs, that this is not right.
That we should listen to more modern music.
We should respect women.
And this is one reason that the issue of the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer always comes up these days.
And this Trevinoist thing, it's all to do with this heavy metal.
You see?
I don't understand that reference.
I don't understand it either.
It's come up with some frequency.
It's come up with some frequency over the last 10 days.
And I have no idea what it's all about.
Nobody can explain it to me.
Well, have you read the book?
What book?
The book of the subgenius.
No.
It's the teachings of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
He is against any prejudices, any bigotry.
But does he mention the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer?
Oh, yes.
Well, what's that all about?
Well, it is the launching.
The launching of the bleeding head.
In India, this is very well known now.
In the Muslim world.
I think many of us...
Western nations also.
European nations understand this.
And I think it is time for these young men...
And some of the women, too, are very into this heavy metal.
Demonic.
Very demonic.
They should listen to things like, you know, David Bowie.
Or the Doctors for Bob.
Very good group.
Or Boingo Boingo.
Lost me.
Well, I don't understand the bleeding head.
The bleeding head of Arnold Palmer or Lee Trevino or any of that.
But if you're referring to, you know, kind of a pattern of alienation,
people simply not connecting,
which I think a lot of these things are about,
I agree 100%.
I mean, people...
You know, we've been through an age...
I mean, kids who are raised in situations that don't allow them
any kind of emotional self-control.
They're not able to have that confidence.
Grow up to be very alienated, angry teenagers
and probably alienated grown-ups.
And that's been the story of this culture
in large part for the last generation.
I want to pursue that when we come back.
We'll take a short break.
We're talking with Harry Stein.
The book is One of the Guys,
The Wising Up of an American Man,
published and in your bookstore by Pocket Books.
Another call to Ray.
And good afternoon.
You're on 3WE.
Yeah, it's not Ray.
It's Roy.
Sorry about that.
Roy?
No problem.
But I'm just calling to say, you know,
these fellas that do that,
and I heard a gentleman on, I think it was Bob Fuller's show yesterday
who mentioned it was like these fellas that wear their baseball caps backward
and wear these hanky heads and so forth
and listen to this rock, heavy, hard metal.
What do you call it?
Heavy metal.
Sure.
Rock.
Classic stereotype, but not true.
Right, right.
There's certainly not all of them, but it seems to be.
They drive these Monte Carlos all rusted out.
But anyway, the thing is, the rape goes beyond a crime of sex,
and it even goes beyond a crime of violence.
It goes to the point of they're trying to steal those women's slack.
Don't follow you on that at all.
Well, we're all born with original slack, according to the preachings of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
I think that fella mentioned that also.
And the funny thing is this fella,
what's his name that was doing the rapes?
Ronnie Shelton.
Right.
He'd probably been deprived of his slack when he was a young boy.
I lost you somewhere on slack, because I don't know what that all means, Roy.
And Joyce, what do you think?
Should we bother to even pursue that?
I don't even know.
Are you familiar at all with Dobbs?
Totally unfamiliar to me.
I don't even know that Dobbs fellow's name,
so I wouldn't be able to respond in any way.
It sounds like it's, for lack of a better term, off the wall from someplace.
Right.
As far as an explanation about people's slack.
Coming up on Quarter to the Hour.
Tremendous excitement involved.
No, Arnold Palmer.
I have no idea what this is all about.
It is involved with something called the Church of the Subgenius.
And we'll talk about it tomorrow.
We're going to explain this whole thing.
The bleeding head of Arnold Palmer, the bleeding head of Lee Trevino,
and the bleeding head of Greg Norman.
I don't really...
We'll find out together tomorrow.
Arnold Palmer.
Well, after I had heard this...
Well, friends, see, those calls were what prompted this guy to finally decide.
He had to get the answer out.
You know, what is the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer?
Of course, all of you listening tonight, I'm sure, obviously,
would know what the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer is in perspective,
in context, within the Church of the Subgenius and the teachings of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
I mean, to me, it's astounding that there are some people who have not read
their book of the subgenius or their Starkfest magazine closely enough
to understand, in fact, even Ranger Rita, who just left here.
I hate to gossip over the air, but she's a good subgenius,
a slackful woman, true to Bob.
I mean, she hasn't fired me yet.
That's all.
I mean, that's enough right there.
And on top of that,
a dues-paying $20 member, but she saw a bumper sticker on a car.
Actually, it's on her office.
It says, bleeding head good, healed head bad.
Has a picture of Bob, and she thought it meant Bob's head.
Well, of course, we don't want Bob's head bleeding most of the time.
But she didn't.
I said, what?
That refers to the Palmer head.
Palmer head?
What's that?
Oh, friends, I just, you know, it's like America today,
we've fallen so far short of what our forefathers meant for us
to know and to believe.
And when I hear people say, bleeding head of what?
You mean that golfer?
It's like, oh, no.
There's almost no point in even trying to explain it.
Now, you can learn.
You can learn more about that.
Of course, if you're one of those very few who don't yet know,
you can write to the sacred post office box,
the number I'm about to give.
You get your pencil ready.
And learn more about the teachings of that man,
if he even is a man, J.R. Bob Dobbs, that head, at any rate.
And that number is, see, I have to have music behind it.
I have to give this.
Post office box 140306 in Dallas, Texas, 75214.
That's right.
Just write to Bob or the Hour of Slack radio show
at post office box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
All right.
Of course, you understand, I'm not Bob.
You don't hear Bob's voice on the radio.
We can't play Bob's voice on the radio
because then somebody would be able to make voice readings.
They'd run it through a computer.
They'd know when he was born, probably where he was born,
and they might be able to track him down.
And we know what happens when they do that.
Stay tuned.
In about five minutes, Kathy's potluck is about to happen.
And apparently,
we're going to hear some sort of live music.
I don't know.
But I'm going to go ahead and play out the rest of Pope Jimbo's tape.
If it doesn't start getting, you know, cool pretty soon,
I'll probably switch over to KPFA subgenius show from Berkeley.
And thank you.
I started asking these people,
what in the world are you talking about?
Explain this to me.
I want to know.
And they would say, if you don't know, I can't explain it.
And I would go, okay, right.
Well, we get curious about this thing.
So we started doing some, some research on it.
And we have managed to track down the source of that expression and others that may or may not be familiar to you.
Um, that deal with the church of the subgenius.
And we will be talking to some officials, one local, one from Dallas, Texas, and we'll find out what's going on here.
What is the church of the subgenius?
And what's going on?


And we'll get you some answers.
And I think you're going to find it absolutely fascinating.
That'll be coming up on the other side of the news here on 1100 AM.
Then, of course, between five and six o'clock.
Coming up on three W.
We come back and answer some of the questions that have arisen over the last two or three weeks concerning things like the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer.
Where did that come from?
Now, joining us from parts unknown.
Is the.
The holy scribe of the church of the subgenius.
Ivan staying hollow.
Ivan, how are you?
Praise Bob.
Hi, Bob.
How are you?
Just like Bob.
Which is like Bob.
That's good.
And in studio, Pope Jimbo, the leader of the Cleveland organization of the Church of the Subgenius and the tri state area.
Yeah, I wouldn't say leader, but.
Well, the pope.
Hi, Muckety Muck.
Hi, Muckety Muck.
Pope.
Whatever.
Right.
But we have to get some hierarchy out of the way here.
Right.
Pope is sort of close to the bottom.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Right.
Sure.
We don't want people.
Good luck on giving him somebody to order around.
I believe that, too.
Now, Ivan, as the holy scribe, perhaps you can explain to our listeners what is the Church of the Subgenius?
I've heard that question asked a lot lately.
Well, the Church of the Subgenius is the foremost disorganized religion in the country nowadays.
It's a non organization.
It's a non organization for non joiners.
You might say it was the church for mutants, misfits, sinners, disbelievers, or people who
believe anything.
Class clowns, blasphemers, talk show hosts, you know, that general group, non grouping
of non bad guys out there.
None of the tenets of the church will drive us crazy.
Because we already are.
Oh, well, then you're already subgeniuses.
Yeah.
That's the point.
Now, what's the alternative to being a subgenius, though?
Well, that's the sad thing is, Bob, most people listening right now are unfortunately members
of the pink human race.
The pink boys, the normals, the unfortunate normal people.
Those who can never truly grasp Bob's teachings about Slack.
Media.
Now, first of all, who's Bob?
Well, Bob, of course, as every school child knows, is the saint of sales.
Some call him a crook.
Maybe nowadays some call him a saint.
But Bob is the great mystic salesman who discovered the conspiracy of the normal and found out
why people weren't getting enough Slack these days.
And he founded his church on a shifting sandy beach of hypocrisy, Bob, in order to provide
Slack to his followers and to smite the false prophets.
Now, the full name here is J.R. Bob in quotations.
My Bob is not in quotations, but his is.
Right.
Any other Bob is a false Bob.
The Bob in quotes is on his book.
He's got a birth certificate.
And this is the one true Bob, the living Slack master.
Now, people probably have seen representations of Bob and didn't know what they were looking at.
No, they probably recognized it from some point in their past.
But it's that picture of a man, a smiling 1950s or early 60s sort of all-American guy
with a pipe.
That grinning guy with a pipe in his mouth kind of looks a little bit like Ward Cleaver
or Mark Trail.
But yet there's this glint of insanity in his eyes.
And that glint of insanity is what the church is based on.
Couldn't have said it better myself.
That was the Hour of Slack.
Of course, people all over the country wondering, who is Bob?
And where did he get that pipe?
And what is he smoking?
It's 10 o'clock here at KNOA.com.
We're live from The Rock and Roll in 89.3 FM, Dallas, Fort Worth.
And on our way to Waxahachie, we've got the old crusty minstrels.
