So, NATO is...
It's not...
The subgenius power of...
What?
Knowing that God has given us charge, and we're going to take charge of that home right now,
I send right now power, the very glory of God, into that home.
I move back the foul spirits of opposition, the lying spirits, the binding spirits.
I speak authority.
Don't ask any questions. Just do as I say. All right?
Attention, all humans.
Attention, all humans.
Stand by for an important...
Formulation.
We're different.
We were getting in high-guts.
We had the number one show.
Then Bob showed up.
Network pulled the plug on our show.
Yeah!
They forgot all about us.
Hell, they left us out there to die.
I want you to tell me about the Bob.
The Bob will lead us all through heaven's chimney in a giant cigar-shaped UFO-brand flying saucer.
Really?
So Bob is a special person.
Interesting.
Maybe he's collaborated with God...
Guys, maybe he is a strangevebijaydempian
And I think God will send me a auditable challenge...
To kamc.

Whoo!!
Who is in bravedats.
This крепan over here isentin soup.
ーム
You're savory, but don't you know...
you're somewhat silly,

Me neither!
in a giant cigar-shaped UFO brand flying saucer
I repeat, this is not a grill, this is the apocalypse
in a giant cigar-shaped UFO brand flying saucer
Yo, yeah! Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
The Bob has no ears, sir
I repeat, this is not a grill
In front of God
Yo, yeah! Praise Bob!
in a giant cigar-shaped UFO
Yo, yeah! Praise Bob!
Praise Bob indeed!
The Bub of E taxi through a hy Wei
The Re nostrigy Vou
But gose
Lead us all through heaven's chimney in a giant cigar shaped UFO brand flying saucer.
Really? So Bob is a special person?
Now open your mind!
Bob!
The Bob is not a person, the Bob is pure light and energy.
Do I have to praise Bob?
Praise Bob! Praise Bob!
The Bob is not a person, the Bob is pure light and energy.
Praise Bob! Praise Bob!
You yo-
The fuck are you?
In a giant cigar shaped UFO brand flying saucer.
I repeat, this is not a grill, this is the apocalypse.
In a giant cigar shaped UFO brand flying saucer.
Do I have to praise Bob?!
Praise Bob! Praise Bob!
The Bob has no reason to be here.
I repeat, this is not a grill, this is pure light and energy.
Do I have to praise Bob?!
In a giant cigar shaped UFO-
Do I have to praise Bob?!
Praise Bob! Praise Bob indeed!
You got megatron!
Perhaps this is as good a time as any to take a few minutes to repeat a message
that seems frequently lost in the hustle and bustle of our daily activity.
Bob will have thousands of followers in a minute, okay?
Because remember where Bob is?
Bob is at PO Box 1403-06.
That's Texas!
7-5-2-1!
Hey, stop it!
7-5-2-1!
He's Bob!
Bob don't ever change.
He's Bob!
Always will be Bob.
Oh, that Bob is the same.
He's Bob!
Working on the sub-T railroad.
Bob!
Bob don't ever change.
I've got a hammer down to silver.
He's Bob!
Oh, it's tough hammering these pipes.
Oh, my God!
Always will be Bob.
His pipe is the bowl with the doddle that rains on the roof like fire.
Oh, hammer these pipes in the ground.
His neck is the skin with the waddle in flaming folks' desire.
He's Bob!
How do you learn to sing so good out here?
Just hammer and pipe.

Just try to hit the pipes in the ground all day.
Don't make no chance.
Bob don't ever change.
He's Bob!
Bob!
Then he's got luggage with a brain.
Yes, luggage with a brain.
That's what Bob's got.
I first had my experience with Bob at a Bob's Big Boy on the corner of Bellevue Drive in
Los Angeles, California in 1959.
It changed my life and I became able to open my third nostril and snort the divine wisdom of God.
I learned the wisdom of the subgenius.
Every morning before breakfast I find it helpful to go into my sternutician room as we call
them and sniff up.
Yes, violent sternutician may be observed.
Named after the famous sternio?
Well, yes, the famous sternio does practice sternutician as does everyone who possesses
the simple accoutrement of a handkerchief and a head full of ideas that need to be relieved.
Blast it out as it might be.
Subdivisive box brain.
Oh, Bob with your square little gray brain.
How do you use that thing?
It's hooked up all wrong.
Oh, Bob, what about this rumor that your pipe is a living organism?
Yes, that has invaded your brain and made everything all wrong.
Yeah, what about that Bob, grinning malarkey turkey flunky prophet of the...
What about them aliens as you say or us aliens?
We're not aliens.
How about it, Bob?
And who's this anti-Bob?
Some relation of yours?
Some nepotistic cousin on the payroll end?
In a computer field of nerds.
We dare to question our supreme epopt Bob because we have the freedom within the church
of the subgenius to question even the basic verities.
That's right.
Like whether or not there is a Mokele and Bembe.
Whether it's frog like Bellow does echo over the South American or even the African swamps.
Swamp?
Swooms?
Swamps.
Yes, yes, swamps.
Right now.
That's where they live.
Glass Madness is in that swamp.
Yes, he's gone down.
There's a green hill.
They say the Mokele and Bembe lives in Lake Ukabalabonga, which is only four feet deep,
but the creature of...
Ukabalaboomba.
No, Ukabalabonga.
All my...
That's rubbish.
These people are making rubbish.
Let's just keep walking.
That's not stop.
Huckabooka huckabooka.
It's time to go.
It looks like it's time to go.
Buy the book of the subgenius.
I have suddenly realized within the last few years it's more of a not what you know and
what you do, but who you know game.
Because we need more girls in the church and bring your rich fathers and we'll convince
them that we're not really that weird and we can get some money.
The smell of success is never too sweet.
We can help you out.
I think we're being sold a bill.
A big bill.
We're selling good.
If this was indeed an extraterrestrial spacecraft with living occupants, it must have been very
disconcerting for them to cross millions of miles of space, only to be hit on the head
with rotten oranges.
The dramatic advent of such fascinating objects as those which were first called flying saucers
attracted the inevitable attention of those individuals who let their imaginations run
away with their veracity.
By 1950, some of these characters were beginning to spin their stories of fantastic conversations
with alleged space people.
Some of them expanded the stories to include alleged rides in the UFOs.
Suddenly everything went black and I realized that I'd been cut off and shut off in a little
tiny room where nobody was listening to me.
And I was talking to this hot little plush felt red rubber tip microphone and not hearing
a thing and seeing only little tiny lights.
I'm wondering why I was struggling.


I was trapped in this chair and put into this studio that seemed to be rotating very
rapidly with lights flashing off rhythmically and there was a small man with a swollen head
and hideously deformed eyes sitting behind the console pushing the buttons while pencils
of light and energy flashed across my body.
And I wondered why I was there and what did they want of me and I couldn't figure out
why I was sitting there.
And they didn't say anything.
They just kept flashing those lights at me and pumping those strange chemicals into me.
And the man with the funny head.
The leader.
The man with the strange grin and the pipe.
Well, I just want to know if you want to be in the church or out of the church and where's
your wallet?
The DC9 pushed the button.
Yeah.
I didn't know that I'd been snatched up and it wasn't really a dream until I saw
these sacred nasal positions and suddenly it all came back to me.
And I realized that they'd stolen four and a half hours out of my life when they put
me in that tiny room and plugged all those wires into me and made me talk.
And talk.
And talk.
And talk.
And talk.

And talk.


Because you only paid for an hour and a half.
Sire, the situation is-
We're here at the International Festival for those who have gone too far.
Below us, the band serenades the fools as they dance on the empty glass sea of mischief.
Yes, it's an exciting day here at the Fool's Symposium.
And here comes the President's limousine, dumping the dirt on the freeway of success.
And there's his curly-headed wife playing the bass drum.
And the small but polite audience of those who don't know any better.
Ah, we are the Fool's Symposium!
We are out of here!
That is my favorite song for sure.
Oh, we're out of that Belfast battle zone!
Slave Driver drove his tank into his reserved parking spot and stepped out looking like Margaret Thatcher.
The war was on!
Ah, the keys!
They didn't know where they lost the key, and didn't seldom use it.
But I heard her voice.
I thought they were surely in the rules.
Ah, it was Charlotte.

Oh, my marry, sort of.
Leave it alone, I'll get you some respect.
and our chairs were chained to the desks.
Our pleas for justice were ignored
and the end seemed near.
But we busted our Margaret Thatcher
slave driver's little bitty balls.
We've charged out of their brick fortress.
The streets are ours
because it's Friday!
Friday!
Friday!
Children, how does a conspiracy operate on you?
How does a conspiracy get you to do what they want you to do?
How do they get you to buy what they want you to buy
and leave what they want you to leave
and sell it to that lady?
What happened to you when you were young?
When you were four or five years old,
you had a mad rescue personality.
What happened to you?
Well, the first thing that happened was
you wanted to be popular.
That was the great challenge for children in America.
They want you to be mediocre.
They want you to fit back into that old.
And that's how they make you want to be popular.
You wanted to be as one with your little nose picket peers.
You wanted to do what they do and thought what they thought.
And then, thank you son,
and then a while later,
when you were in high school
and suddenly not doing what your peers did
was an expression of peerdom.
Well, by God, then you went out and contradicted your peers.
Sheep, children, sheep!
That conspiracy wants you to be sheep.
It wants you to turn your back into that wind.
It wants you to watch that television.
It wants you to buy those products.
But children,
who's the most creative goddamn person in your life?
It's you.
And it's you.
And it's you.
And if you tie it on the bob,
that which is Bob's,
name of your money,
instead of tying it on a conspiracy,
that which is Bob's,
you let Bob into your heart.
You let Bob into your mind.
You let Bob into your life.
You let Bob into your wallet.
You do the walking.
Let Bob do the talking.
I mean, you let Bob into your heart.
So then suddenly,
the vast armada of conspiracy and paraphernalia
become ridiculous to you.
They're absolutely ridiculous.
And you look around and you see,
it went from stem to stern.
But number thyself among them,
no!
Mowers.
Children, a lot of popular cults
have a very serious problem.
And that is,
they expand into mediocrity.
They get too many people for their original purpose.
And the people they can attract,
they can attract for the wrong reasons.
You know the story.
It's always happened.
But the church and the subgenius
get fancy against expanding into mediocrity.
Bob is the one tamper group individual.
They don't know why he's smiling.
But you do.
The more money you give us, children,
not me,
not the Reverend Aaron Stang,
not St. John the Hierophant,
not Henry the Icon,
I mean us and the truest hands, children,
us,
all of us.
You're on the air?
Um, yeah.
Yeah.
Who's Bob?
Who is Bob?
That is the most profound and believable question
we've had the entire evening.
This man, like the Pope,
is not afraid to be infallible,
to admit he does not know where Bob
and the path of Bob lies.
Young man, Bob is, was, and ever shall be.
Bob is you.
Bob is me.
Bob is the Kana Sutra.
Bob is the id.
Bob is the light that glows
and the heart and mind of every free-thinking subgenius.
What?
Why not praise Rob?
Rob?
You can praise Rob.
But I'd prefer you praise Bob.
And send us your money, too.
How much?
Ten dollars.
Ten?
Ten.
Ten dollars.
Ten dollars will get you so many magazines
and books that you will not learn.
And slack.
And slack.
Before it was a dollar.
A dollar is only for the most minimal of member,
but you are the question of such profound profanity
needs more.
Y'all trying to get over?
Uh, I'm doing my best to get over it.
We're gonna get over this in about five minutes,
but if you want to get over it, young man,
you must end ten dollars, too.
The sacred P.O. box off.
I guess the change back.
Oh, change.
A change will come into your life
when the form is of slack.
You will.
You will change in a way you cannot believe.
Slackness will enter your life.
Slackness will make you see.
Slackness will set you free.
Slackness lives.
Slackness is.
Slackness waits for you and you're ten dollars.
It's time to be manipulated.
Brother, I want to tell you something.
The world is tired of dead preaching preachers,
dead preachers preaching dead sermons
to dead congregations.
They're tired of cold services and cold churches.
This world is hungry for reality.
They've had enough of Hollywood.
They've had enough of Nashville.
They've had enough of show business.
They're hungry for the mighty power of the man
that walked the shores of Galilee 2,000 years ago
and raised the dead and cast out devils
and healed the sick.
And I'm here to tell you tonight that Jesus Christ
is still raising the dead.
That's money!
Wow!
That's money!
Wow!
Wow!
Free contact!
Free contact!
Sex, money, Bob!
Free pills!
Sex, money, Bob!
Free pills!
Sex, money, Bob!
Free pills!
Sex, money, Bob!
Free pills!

Kill me!
Sex, money, Bob!
Bleeding head of burning copper.
Kill me!
If the world ends tomorrow you may die.
Only a dollar for one of those?
One dollar for damnation.
One dollar for damnation.
One more minute.
He stands forever.
Forever.
Forever.
Forever.
Have your brains sucked out your nostrils.
Hear that sound that sounds like a chainsaw?
Free false sex.
It's brain cells.
Church air.
One soul per breath.
Have sex with anything.
Free pills.
Money, Bob, sex.
You can't go to hell without a pamphlet.
Bleeding head good.
Healed head bad.
Bleeding head good.
Healed head bad.
There he is.
I made a bargain with the cult to give me certain data that you had.
In return I promised to prove the essential truth of the creed.
There was no need to prove that.
It stands proven by the book of Revelations.
I offered scientific backing for you believers.
You made of the darkness and the stars a natural phenomenon and removed all its real significance.
That was blasphemy.
The facts exist.
You're a factor of fraud and delusion.
How do you know that?
I know.
I suppose you think in trying to warn the world against the menace of madness we are
placing souls in jeopardy, huh?
Well, we haven't succeeded.
If that makes you feel better.
Your devilish instruments must be destroyed.
Let me handle this.
Let her go, Bob.
I represent a group of scientists who work with but one purpose, to put an end to war.
Naturally, such a goal can't be attained without experts of superior ability.
Men of vision.
Men such as you, Doctor.
Gathered here, exchanging information daily, putting aside all thoughts of personal success.
We hope to achieve exciting new techniques, leap years ahead of the others.
I don't think I need tell you how effective our voices will be when the world learns of our achievements.
Well, there you have it.
Nothing new, perhaps, but then, what is?
However, let me assure you, Doctor, that we are dedicated men and women.
And as such, we can accomplish wonders.
My life has changed in many ways since I first saw this place.
I know that Bob will triumph with our friends from outer space.
And though we suffer needy, I know that it's all right, cause I know Bob and I.
Tell me what to think.
The church of the subgenius will spread across the land.
With pipes in place, we'll both, they march together.
Hand in hand, this dark fist of removal will strike a mighty blow.
And we'll be free of the normal and the pig.
So give to Bob, Bob, Bob, and you'll feel a whole lot better.
Sir Bob, Bob, Bob, send a dollar and a letter.
He will change all your behavior.
He's your short-duration savior.
He is Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Oh!
Woo!
Woo!
Hey, it's the 60s again. Wow!
I can't see the face up to the facts.
I'm dumb and stupid.
And I let Smith run my grave.
He ain't here.
I'm a subgenius dummy!
I'm a genius subgenius dummy!
And I go…
…
I…
La la la, la la la la la la la la la la la la la.
Wow!
I spent all my money on crap and pills, I bought 30 copies of Star Fist, I thought that
I got all the cassette tapes.
And I don't even know where the solo is to my own song.
Oh, now comes the French part.
Up there it went. And here, oh wait a minute, I think it's time for a commercial.
Bob Dobbs, he's no slob.
Bob Dobbs, he's no slob.
Bob Dobbs, he's no fool.
He is the head of the subgenius church.
And that's why he's super cool.
Like glassies.
Bob Dobbs, he's no slob.
Bob Dobbs, he's no fool.
He is the head of the subgenius church.
And he is super cool.
Bob Dobbs, he is the head of the subgenius church.

Bob Dobbs, he's no fool.
Bob Dobbs, he's no fool.
Bob Dobbs, he's no fool.
Bob Dobbs, he's no fool.
Bob Dobbs, he's no fool.
beer. To make me feel better, he offered a free root beer. I said, no thank you, and
cried out, praise God. The devil is on earth and doing his work beautifully.
What you propose is dominance, not salvation. Don't be governed by fear.
Who is J.R. Bob Dobbs anyway?
Who is this man Bob?
Who is Bob was and is the world's, the universe's, as we understand it, greatest salesman.
Uh-huh, that's what got him into the religion business to begin with. And Bob's role on
this planet is to see that the earth is not sold on that glorious or terrible day we call
X-Day in 1998.
When the men from Planet X arrive.
Yeah, now it may sound ludicrous. It may sound ridiculous to many unbelievers out there.
It may sound impossible.
All around the world, a splotch, a blotch, be careful, go, go, go.
Moving on?
Trang.
Oh, yeah.
Trang, well, it's tough here. There are too many sound effects and...
Look out, look out!
Paul, extend!
Hold your return.
Shit!
Stop him, stop him!
Keep running, keep running!
Okay.
Who are those?
Yes, we have a covenant with Wotan and it is the sacred grudge chore of the subgenius
to smite the conspirators and their slavish dupes, the mediocratons, the stupid pink boys,
the hoi polloi, them, the normies.


The others...
Can I get any of the church, can I get any of the church, to search in the subgenius,
the search for the divine, has divine, divine rules, divine rules, orders, divine orders,
first rule of the subgenius church is too much, is always better than not enough, is
always better than not enough, can I get her too much, can I get her too much, is it always
better than, is it always better than?
Praise Bob, praise Bob!
give me food give me food give me snack give me food give me food yes it really is a question
What flavor Kool-Aid tonight?
Oh, it's the flavor of the inside of Bob's head.
It's a timeless flavor, as old as the mountains and as young as the streams.
And it is the Kool-Aid which you will see emitting from you.
You are the dispenser of the sacred Kool-Aid.
And it can only be dispensed into those blue boxes outside.
We're kind of stuck on that, I think.
Bob Dobbs said, why do you have to go in a little box to shit?
Why don't you be a man, just pull down your pants and shit in the wood?
He'd go through those construction sites, kicking down those chemical toilets,
ripping the doors off them, yanking the men out and saying,
Grow up!
Grow up!
Be a man!
Be a natural man!
But don't shit near my tent!
Now I ask you, I ask you, sir or lady,
Thank you.
What brand, what brand did Jesus smoke?
Hey, you didn't know that one either.
Did your preacher know that...
Jesus smoked Chesterfield?
Did you know that smoking was a sin unless it's Chesterfield?
Now Jesus, Jesus, Jesus smoked them.
Yet, they did not exist 2,000 years ago.
We must accept this on faith.
There's no logical explanation for it.
There's no logical explanation for it.
You don't use your mind!
You don't use your mind!
You don't think about your religion.
So you must ask, so you must ask yourself,
Do you have slack?
Do you have slack?
Now Bob teaches the full gospel of slack.
The uncut, X-rated version of slack.
You have your book of the subgenius.
Would you please turn to Prescripture 715.
Prescripture 715.
Prescripture 715.

That's what the question, the question posed is.
How do you know you have slack?
How do you know?
How do you know your eternal check balance is ready to meet God?
Two months ago the observatory issued a press statement that the world was coming to an end.
That's the same story the cult of the Book of Revelations had been preaching.
Now when a scientist backs that up, its news.
Our conclusions have nothing to do with the cult.
Well today we did the same.

with Bible prophecy. But the word of God tells us we can expect nothing but trouble and turmoil
in the Middle East until our Lord returns to be the Prince of Peace.
Bob?
It's been known for some time that the fossil record contains several very pronounced mass
extinctions, when large numbers of quite unrelated species from all kinds of habitats appear
to die out during a relatively short period.
You have, say, an asteroid about 10 kilometers across impacting on the Earth at a speed of
about 40 kilometers a second.
Did you hear what he was saying? Did you hear what he was saying?
Is it possible that the end of the world will come in July 1999? Perhaps in the form of
an atomic holocaust? Such a forewarning of ultimate doom could generally be dismissed
out of hand.
The White House will not be able to answer your questions.
We will confirm an order to use the atom bomb. And our first target will be the initial
landing place outside Los Angeles.
Those missiles have all gone off. They pushed all the punches.
You know what that means, don't you? Either we fired first and they're going to try to
hit what's left, or they fired first and we just got our missiles out of the ground in
time. Either way, we're going to get hit. So what are we still standing around here
for?
Of course, since all human life has been under the surface of Earth for 16 years, there was
no actual loss of life in the sense we know it.
What you think of what you get? What the hell do you expect?
Pretty red roses. White puppy noses.
Man with proper hoses is more like it.
The strange worshippers pull at their faces. Despite himself, a strangled cry escapes Brent
as he sees the ghastly heritage of atomic radiation.
Hey Tony, let's have some.
Get me out of here. Get me out of here.
I mean, hell, this turn the other cheek thing could be carried a bit too far, you know.
Hey neighbor, let me give you some advice. The Russians are about to pulverize us if
I sleep tonight. That is if the crazy Arabs for the rights don't get us first and the
fire will rain down from the sky. The fire will rain down from the sky.
People die. People die. People die. People die.
Speed.
6A, take one.
Roll camera. Slate it.
Bob, sometimes it gets so hard to talk, Bob. It gets so hard.
Scene seven, take one. Camera.
Eat joke.
Follow the gold profits of slime.
Yep, in his hour of need, we will provide the manna.
But, Bob, I still hear these, these, these voices, you know, these voices that bang,
bang, bang on the wall and bang on the inside of my head, Bob, you know. They're always
a bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang.
On the inside of my head, Bob. And, and, you know, and they can be real weird, Bob.
I am a subgenius and by that virtue I am in touch with forces greater than man. I dare
you to kill me. I am not a dupe of the conspiracy. I know more than they do. I am a subgenius.
That's all I need to be. Fuck, I'm one of the good guys. I shall prevail. Let out the crazy man inside you.
He knows what's what. Smile when you call me a fanatic. Me, primate. Me, overman.
I say to the pigs, give me your money. You won't need it. The future offers you not for destruction.
Heal to Bob.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Bob is a rock and Bob is a tree. Bob is a bear and Bob is a bee.
Bob is truth and Bob is lies. Bob is cakes and fruits and pies.
Bob's my hacksaw. Bob's my watch. Bob's my sandwich. Bob's my crotch.
Bob's my toothpick. Bob's my brain. Bob's an ugly, yellow stain.
Bob's a cactus. Bob's an itch. Bob is take off every stitch.
Bob's my master. Bob's my slave.
Bob will rob me. Bob will save.
Bob's my toaster. Bob's my fridge. Bob's my little sister and midge.
Bob will cost you. Bob is free. Bob's a lock and Bob's a key.
In short, Bob Dobbs is the man who used your leg as a frying pan.
If your mind is a jar, you can pour it out of a sink.
And the subgenius church is the missing link.
Damn it!
In the world of mating habits, I have seen it all and more.
I see the 98 year old couple lock their walkers right on this floor.
I've seen communal carnal traditions nearly turn into a mob.
But for a truly unique sensation, you get to turn to Connie and Bob.
Oh!
It's the miracle of the 90s. It's the talk of all the abyss.
It's the marriage of Bob and Connie in the church of some kind.
It's the love genius.
I've seen the mating of the iguana. On the rocks is what they prefer.
While the sloths just like to hang around, hoping something will occur.
And though the rabbit is most unsteady, he is always ready once more.
But when it comes to Bob and Connie, there's no way of keeping score.
Oh!
It's the miracle of the 90s. It's the talk of all the abyss.
It's the marriage of Bob and Connie in the church of some kind.
It's the love genius. La la la la la la.
Ay!
A dragonfly has balance. A black widow has the nash.
But Bob and Connie got their hands on each other's personal stash.
And anaconda has got constriction. And a crocodile has her grin.
But Bob and Connie are the one true origin of sin.
Oh!
It's the miracle of the 90s. It's the talk of all the abyss.
It's the one. It's the talk of all the abyss.
It's the marriage of Bob and Connie in the church of some kind.
It's the hell out of it.
La la la la la la.
Ay!
And Connie.
La la la la la la.
La la la la la la la.
La la la la la la.
T-Bob.
La la la la la la la.
La la la la la la la.
T-Bob.
Brown-eyed Bob.
Brown-eyed Bob.
The ostrich do it in circles with her head stuck in the ground.
Why the lemmings like to get it done with lots of folk around.
So many combinations. The results are always the same.
So prepare to get it done in Bob and Connie's name.
Oh!
It's the miracle of the 90s.
It's the talk of all the abyss.
It's the marriage of Bob and Connie in the church of some kind.
But, Cookie Monster, yes.
It's the miracle of the nine-ties.
But,ρο pergi .
This is good while it's too late.
It's the talk of all the abyss.
It's the marriage of Bob and Connie in the church of some kind.
But, fellow pigdo, why is the world so sad?
Power and power Basketball Club.
We get all those stupid Nike معる 그만이나ертons are threads.

It's the marriage of Bob and Mary in the church of St. John.
It's the miracle of the night.
It's the dark of night.
It's the marriage of Bob and Mary in the church of St. John.
Love and Connie Love.
I know the man by Mr. Fletcher in Dallas, Texas.
And he's a good man, except that he don't buy me two glasses of beer.
And I said, I love you, boy.
And I'm going to tell you, if I can't whoop it,
I'm going to kill you.

Go down.
All right, man.
I love it.
He's going down.
Miracle wisdom coming through from all the levels.
We want people to know that the Patriotic Subgenius Church has no age barriers and no limits.
And we've saved many friends that were in the bondage of alcoholism and drug abuse and homosexuality and lesbianism.
Yes, we've taken them in.
And now they're making more money than ever.
Hello, younger bear.
Goodbye.
There was a boy whose life I'd saved.
It was mortal embarrassment.
Did you catch a rabbit on your hunting trip?
No.
Then don't give the rabbits you didn't catch to Buffalo Wallow Woman.
You see, younger bear had become a contrary.
The most dangerous of all Cheyenne warriors because the way they live drives them.
Half crazy.
Except for battle, a contrary does everything backwards.
He says goodbye when he means hello.
Yes, when he means no.
Walks through bushes instead of on trails and washes with dirt and drives with water and so forth.
I thought you were dead.
That $30 to Bob proves that you consider your life to be worth $30.
$30.
You'll spend that much on prancing rock stars anyway.
Oh, but some people think, well, Bob might be lying again.
Oh, no.
Friends, Bob makes a million dollars every time he screws up.
By screwing up last time, he made $10 billion.
This next day, when the saucers do arrive, he won't lose that $10 billion because we already did.
We're out our $30.
His fuck-up already happened.
He has nothing to gain by us losing.
So this time, we will win.
And, you know, even if next day doesn't work out, we'll go for sex day.
We want you people to dance into the new century.
Screw into the new century.
Sleep and eat your way into the new century.
Whatever you're doing in the moment of turnover.
We're out.

This is what you'll be doing forever.
So make sure you're not asleep.
Make sure you're not watching TV.
Make sure you're not listening to Pat Boone.
Make sure you're not reaching for an itch you'll never be able to scratch.
Friends, you're floating in a sea of pills.
A sea of Bob's pills.
But you're just too blind, deaf, and dumb to see them.
Oh, friends.
I know you're not here.
You're the dumb-asticated type.
I know you're the smart-asticated type.
Oh, but people say,
Reverend Stank, what is slack?
I want you to tell me what slack is.
You know, friends,
the television doesn't have to watch you
as long as you are watching the television.
And a lot of people,
a lot of people think that slack is that Miller beer commercial
where everybody's good looking
and you're rich and your team just won the game
and you're drinking Miller beer
and your favorite show is on.
And you know that's bullshit
because slack is not laziness, friends.
Slack is getting into the zone.
It's being awake and alert
and doing what you wanted to do
until your eyes snap open
and you're smart enough to realize
that you are God.
Life is worth living.
And everything is just as psychedelic
as an old T-shirt
that you can't fit into anymore.
Now, hold that thought.
Hold it in your head
because that is what slack is all about, friends.
Slack is something for nothing.
What is the law?
Not to endlessly intern the law.
That is the law.
Are we not men?
What is the law?
Not to endlessly intern the law.
That is the law.
Are we not men?
What is the law?
Not to endlessly intern the law.
That is the law.
Are we not men?
And me personally,
if I were to die all of a sudden
and find myself going through this tunnel of life,
towards this great openness of all understanding
that was too good to be true,
great!
I'll be very pleasantly surprised.
But if I die and I'm just dead
and nothing ever happens,
well, you likewise won't hear me complaining then either.
So, personally, I'm like everybody else,
I'm sure there's a side two to this tape.
If Bob remembers to flip the tape,
or if we make the tape into a movie,
it's interesting enough for him to want to flip.
What if Bob or God or Connie or whoever goes,
well, that wasn't a very good tape,
I'm just going to re-record over it with a new one.
That would certainly explain a lot, wouldn't it?
Now, if I died and went to hell,
then I'd certainly believe in Satan,
but I sure wouldn't believe it wouldn't prove God's existence to me.
Besides, I've always figured
that God character can probably do just fine without my help.
Many don't think so highly of their God or their Goddess.
For one thing, they have to give them sexes.
To some people, God or Goddess is like this little kid
who needs the help of those illiterate human believers,
or else it'll dry up and blow away like Tinker Bell
if the kids don't applaud loud enough.
Oh, you better believe enough or God's going to die.
Oh, if you don't believe,
friends, I think it's the other way around, isn't it?
I mean, vengeance is mine, saith the Lord.
I just don't understand these people
that seem to want to do all God's dirty work for Him.
If I was God, I'd be a hell of a lot more impressed
with the ones who take responsibility
for their own screw-ups and build their own ship.
And by that, we don't...
I know it's...
Some people are not real men.

They're real mechanically inclined.
And by build your own ship,
we don't necessarily mean that you have to achieve orbit velocity.
That's like 6,000 miles a second.
That's...
But some people think of it as build your own mental ship.
I'm sure Dr. Leary would agree with that.
And there's a lot to be...
You do have to do that.
You have to build your own spaceship in your head
to fly above this.
You have to inflate, rise above it.
You have to...
But as soon as you stub your toe,
you know, it kind of pops the balloon.
So, but friends, whatever it takes to get you through the day,
the Church of the Subgenius says,
believe in everything.
Believe in that Spider-Man comic book while you're reading.
Just don't shove it in our faces.
You know?
And so...
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not...
I often end up sounding...
I've been...
I told people a lot...
Two years ago,
look, if the aliens from Planet X,
they were going,
Stan, what are you...
What are you going to do if them aliens don't show up
for your Bob Church religion, huh?
And I said, well, if they do show up,
then you'll see me on the deck of my escape vessel planet
preaching the wonders of magic and religion.
And if I...
If I find myself still preaching from bars and pulpits at Starwood,
then I might be preaching the wonders of logic and rationality.
So, you know, to each his own.
I've heard the voice of the sand.
I've seen the white light.
And I've ridden the snake.
And that was all before I even took any LSD.
And...
But really, I kind of...
It's the old idea of keeping your head in the clouds,
and your feet on the pavement.
It's not too bad of an idea,
especially if you can, like,
while you got your feet on the pavement,
build a spaceship.
Help us boldly go where no human has gone before
and fill space only with subgeniuses.
Yeah, hell yeah.
Let's declare war on God and all the other planets.
We will take the great weapons we once turned against each other
and turn them against Mars, Venus, Jupiter, Earth first.
Earth first, my friends!
If Bob cannot have it all,
then we will destroy it all!
Ah, yes.
Is Bob saying like Heisenberg did 40 odd years ago
that we can never know what the hell is really going on?
I think not.
Bob, however, is cognizant of the fact
that besides the shabby little lies we feed ourselves from day to day
as we struggle to cope with technoborgon,
we're all being forced to do the same.
We must spread a gross problem of our truce,
sensationalize statistics and downright propaganda
by a vast monolithic network
operated by and for the conspiracy.
They are pulling the wool over our eyes.
Constantly.
Bob is saying if we must be lied to and cheated for reasons,
let us do it to ourselves for our own reasons.
Let us realize where the real deceit lies.
Let us have a choice in how we're being screwed.
Some ways are fun.
For many of us there is no physical escape from their clutches
or any hope of it until the exes come
and the followers of Yahweh One prevail.
But until that day,
the power and wisdom of Bob can help us break their mind control
by activating that mutant gland that we all have within us.
This allows us to control our own reality,
gives us the clarity of perspective
to be able to sit back and look at it all,
and I mean all,
and simply say fuck them if they can't take a joke.
Then and only then will slack begin to drop gently
like a soothing dew into our tortured lives.
After all, it should be every person's choice
to curse God and die if that was what they wish.
We all have the right to spit in the eye of the collective gods,
did we not create them?
Where indeed would Yahweh One be
without the human race to torment and pest them?
I'll put it to you,
the old chiseler would be pretty damn bored with it all
if there was nothing more entertaining than
cherubins and seraphims and numby-pumby flaming angels
sitting around up there on damp clouds and arping and trumpeting
all 24 hours a bloody day,
and you can bank on that.
Why should we be any different to that?
Why shouldn't our lives be more entertaining and more real
than any glowing three-color phosphor image on the television screen?
Why shouldn't we grab reality by the throat
and shake it until it does what we want it to,
until once again we find slack?
Oh yeah, I was here on the last tape.
This is where the little people come out and take your wallet.
Oh well, I didn't have much in my wallet that year anyway,
but I tried.
My family knows I tried.
They imported all of their insides to this side of the nation.
And you know what happened?
The bottoms fell out on them. Yep.
They was coming across the great divide,
and the bottom fell right out on them.
It was like Death Valley in 81.
Clogged up and choked up.
They elected to stay in a burned out, burned out motel
south of Icewater.
Well, they was flying over, uh,
Armpit, yeah, that was that place,
and
the bottom fell out again.
But this time, because they had that previous experience,
they were able to use their survival guide
in such a way to as not to, uh,
to as not to as hurt anybody.
As you can see here on this slide,
as they arrived at the Kewater International Airport,
with the entire party attacked,
except for the dog who was eaten three days out.
Whoa!
And do you know what happened?
And do you know what happened?
Uh, yes, dear friends.
Can you believe that I made it through Hour of Slack number 1107
without saying anything or giving credits?
But that's just what I've done, because,
baby, we're at X-Day now.
By the time you hear this, we'll be off planet,
or possibly, I suppose, just recuperating
from a good party, one or the other.
Uh, so, I'm, this has been a best of the old subgenius,
uh, tapes show.
Yes, we cranked out ten tapes called Media Barrages
and a number of Bob's Song cassettes,
which we sold all through the 80s.
And, uh, what you've been hearing is a,
to tell the truth, it's a completely random selection
of, uh, some old favorite cuts that I just pulled
from all of those in a big hurry.
And, uh, I, I, it was impossible to go through and give credits.
So I'm going to do a little bit of a quick recap

So, uh, I'm going to read you the names of the people
you heard here on the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
Uh, from the first song by James Watson,
uh, to, uh, uh, Dr. Howell, Puzzling Evidence,
Philo Drummond, uh, Dr. G. Gordon Gordon,
uh, it'd be the Pope David N. Meyer,
the great Jimmy Swaggart.
And, um, some chanting from the Austin Clinch
in the early 80s, including Poon Flang Dammerung.
Uh, the band that dare not speak its name
did the Subgenius Dummy song.
Uh, Glass Madness sang the Sweet Songs.
We heard a tiny bit of John Cage in there.
There was a lot of editing by St. Byron Werner
and Puzzling Evidence, and yours truly,
Reverend Ivan Stang, who you also heard yelling and screaming, uh,
in various, uh, segments there.
Uh, Roberto de la Rosa talking about the pills.
That's, uh, the late Reverend David Boone.
That was, uh, Lonesome Cowboy Dave in the background.
We also heard Dave on the guitar in different places there.
Brother Cleve, Brother Bleepo Abernathy,
uh, Sister Melodious Chops, and Princess Wee and M.A.
did the Marriage of Bob and Connie.
Um, uh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
That just about covers it, I think.
I think that about, that, I've probably left somebody out
in a, an act of, uh, evil.
Pope Sternodocs must have been in there, I'm sure, somewhere.
Anyway, friends, uh, thank you for listening.
Yes, that's, uh, that old, uh, material is, uh,
like, there's just tons of it.
There is tons of it.
And if you want to know more, you can look at subgenius.com.
Have a happy post-X day wherever you are,
and praise Bob.
I'll get us a contract we'll never forget.
Wild thing, man.
Single guy.
I know that Bob, I know that Bob is a good cause.
Bob took me inside his heart.
And I accepted him into my life.
And I'm here to testify, friends,
what that man has done for me.
If you can really call him a man.
Many people say he's almost like a god.
I don't think so.
Of course, I don't know Bob, but I do know Bob in certain ways.
And I think you understand what I'm talking about.
Yes, Bob, he filled me with the sort of the spirit I never knew I had.
I knew it wasn't coming from him.
It was coming from inside me.
Bob was giving it to me.
He was laying hands on me from afar.
He might have been up in that great big jet plane,
or he might have been down on Skid Row giving some bum a haircut.
But all I know is,
it was Bob.
It was Bob.
Bob.
Yeah, he's smiling.
You never see Bob frown.
You know that behind that amazing smile,
there lies a mind like a steel trap.
I'm sure he makes mistakes like
what he did with those young women that time.
But I think the newspapers exaggerated that.
I know that Bob will do all of us fine in the long run.
In fact, I think I know that we really need Bob in our lives.
In our lives.
In 1981.
And in 1984.
Hi, little brother.
And in 1991.
And in 1995.
When they bring the conspiracy to its heels.
And in that wondrous year that we know is going to come all too soon upon us.
And we'll leave our earthly things behind.
And we'll go and join the exits from God only knows what strange planet they come from.
If they really even come from a planet at all.

And not some energy star beaming away in the darkness.
Lighting our lives with the technology.
And the spirituality.
And the mentality of Planet X.
Planet X coming down to take care of us subgeniuses.
And see that there's a place for us in the world.
And give us our rightful seat at the right hand of Bob or the left hand of Bob.
Depending on whether we're rewardians or mediocrities.
But I don't want to get lost in the dogma.
I want to tell you something that blesses my heart.
And it's Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Yeah, I can hear him.
I can hear him talking off there in the distance.
Saying.
