The radio, remember? Make it work.
The hour of slug.
So you did bust it.
Stations aren't strong enough in the daytime.
Tonight it'll work.
Tonight it's better.
Can't you smell it?
Hey, at IONET, we like to keep things simple.
But this new product that we're launching today is pretty amazing.
So we thought we'd make our new TV ad something special.
Ready, guys?
Australia.
This is Bob.
Hallelujah.
Bob stands for Fox.
Hallelujah.
Bob gives you fast wireless broadband and phone in one sexy little box for one little monthly bill.
Hallelujah.
Hallelujah.
Hallelujah.
To find out more about Bob, give us a call.
Or go online.
What?
Hallelujah.
Hello.
I'm speaking again.
This is me.
Yeah, I did have a drink.
I'm having a drink right now.
This is me, Bernard in Braithwaite.
I just want to say that, you know, the subgenius ministers call the pink.
They put their hands on one of us.
They are going to get...
their ass kicked.
I'm saying it up front, close and personal.
No room for misunderstanding.
These pinks put their hands on me.
They are going to get their ass kicked.
These Americans and those who are friendly with the United States and the rest of the world of these superficial humans mess with us.
They're going to get their ass kicked.
Okay.
From PR News in Washington, I'm tortured with electric metal bars.
President Obama says clunkers like Vice President Joe Biden have helped workers.
There are no reports of injuries.
An industry trade group predicts 5662.
PR News.
You're listening to PR.
The chairman of the Federal Reserve won't get better until 2012.
Ben Bernanke spoke in Washington today saying Bernanke has been released from prison.
The man who threw his shoes at President George W. Bush said...
has retail sales rose 7% last month better than PR News.
All right.
He's the president.
And I ringing master key.
Here he is.
I did it.
Starwood culminates in a giant bonfire
where everybody who's not a spoilsport
joins in this big dance around a truly immense bonfire.
It's not thrown together by amateurs.
It's built by people who've been building
house-sized bonfire log piles.
For decades.
And it's actually, although I'm one of the eight people
who appear to light the bonfire and the big ceremony,
it's actually lit from offstage,
or from out of sight, by remote control,
by rocket scientists.
So what appears to be almost a caveman-looking scene,
it's actually a false front.
It looks like a bunch of people in caveman garb
lighting a big fire, but it's really pretty high-tech.
I was just looking at some of the featured speakers
you've had over the years, and one of them,
someone I've always wanted to see speak,
is Isaac Bonwitz.
Did you ever see him?
Yeah, it's funny you should mention that.
We've got a real nice picture of Isaac and me
standing together out next to the bonfire.
And Satan was also there that day.
I'm jealous of Isaac Bonwitz.
He's the head of the Druids in America.
North American, isn't it?
Yeah, the American Federation of Druid,
Druidic whatever.
They have a nice Gaelic name for it,
or Scottish, Old English, or something.
I can't pronounce.
But I'm jealous of him,
because he's been featured as a villain
in Christian comic books.
Oh, really?
And I haven't.
In fact, a couple of my friends from Starwood
have been featured as villains.
Gavin Frost, who is a Wiccan author,
he and Isaac both were featured
in a big, elaborate Jack T. Chick Crusaders comic,
and were shown as,
they were depicted as these rich, sleazy,
highly-placed businessmen
that had minions.
They were like gangsters
with whole endless gangs of minions
placed in government
who would do their bidding.
And they controlled many crooked cops.
Now, in reality, I know both of these characters.
Isaac Bonwitz is actually
a kind of a filth-singing geek.
I am also what one might term
a filth-singing geek,
so that's not a put-down.
But he's certainly not a threatening character,
and I've never seen him with even one minion.
At best, he'll have a classroom full of people
talking about how to do magic properly.
Yeah.
Didn't he start his group
because he wanted to get out of the
sort of mandatory Sunday masses
when he was at university?
I think all the students had to go,
it was like mandatory,
they had to go to some kind of, you know,
Christian mass every Sunday,
unless they had their own religious group,
and he started the druidic group
as a way of getting out of having to go to the...
Oh, I didn't know that.
Why didn't I think of that in high school?
If only I'd come up with the Church of the Subgenius
a little earlier.
I went to a private school
where I had to sit every morning.
We had to go to chapel and sing hymns,
which was kind of...
silly, because about a third of the kids
in the school were Jewish.
And even they had to sit there
and either sing hymns
or twiddle their thumbs patiently.
It was kind of ridiculous.
But that's not why I got into
kook bashing and God-hating and so forth.
I don't actually have any bone to pick
with any specific religion.
I personally was raised
a pretty much secular humanist,
a scientist, you might say.
But when I was very young,
I took that first walk down the occult aisle
of the used bookstore that we've all done.
And I did believe everything at first.
I was like, oh my God, UFOs, levitation, ESP,
all of this is...
If this is for real,
this is the most important thing in the world.
And after about 10 years of really studying
all that stuff and looking into it,
I decided that what it really had to offer
was some of the most interesting people in the world.
It was not necessarily the most important stuff in the world
because it has remained exactly where it's been
throughout history,
in the realm of myth, legend, and urban myth,
for the most part.
You know, until it happens to you,
then all of a sudden it's different.
But I'm one of those people
that the aliens do not reveal themselves to.
I've actually been in a situation
where everybody else in the trailer court
could see a UFO and I couldn't.
So that proves that the aliens must have adopted me
and hypnotized me
and implanted an anti-hypnosis program
so that I could never again be hypnotized
or see anything that was really there.
They don't...
They don't want you flirting with other aliens, maybe.
Right.
Well, I was wondering,
in one of those Terry Pratchett books,
one of the wizards says,
oh, you know, we wizards,
we can see things that really are there.
Actually, I could go stand at the pulpit.
I have a whole rant script.
I always do, every X day,
and I never use it
because there's never enough people around
to feel like hollering.
Well, don't you want to...
I save it for Starwood
and...
I hate to say this, kids,
but at the Pagan Festival,
I get an audience that fills this entire thing
and spills out over into the field.
Now, that will get you ranting.
That's the kind of fear, man,
when you have 700 primate eyes staring at you.
It inspires a certain amount of energy
on the part of the focused-upon person.
There's...
been a tremendous misunderstanding
among subgeniuses,
and that makes its own sense,
so I'll just leave it at that.
But let me muddy the waters even further
and say what you think.
Quit your job for Bob.
Now, think about that.
You've probably all heard it.
In fact, half of you
probably already paid the fee to say it.
But are you still working for Bob?
Quit!
I don't practice what I preach
because I'm not the kind of person I'm preaching to.
You think you're special.
You say, oh, you can't put me in a box.
Friends, we all end up in a box.
Your only choice is what you're going to do
between now and then.
You need to find your own personal
short-duration Savior
because you have a short-duration Savior.
You need to find your own personal
existence.
So why not start with Bob
and let him point the way
to the next short-duration personal Savior?
Follow his pipe.
Now, it's been said that
the subgeniuses
are the good weirdos
making fun of the bad weirdos.
And, well, we're not necessarily good,
but we are trying to be funny.
We're here, friends.
Actually, what we're here for
is to make civilization fun again.
We're not into Bob.
We're into Bob.
We're not into wisdom,
but wisdom.
We're not wise women and wise men,
but wise guys.
Wise anchors.
Wisenheimers.
Wise asses.
Those who crack wise, my friends,
and the truly wise won't.
Don't look too closely into our cracks.
The church of the subgenius,
as it says in your program book,
is the Chinese finger trap of the mind.
But remember,
there's no I in Bob.
There is an I in subgenius,
and that I might be you.
The you in us.
The us that you become
when you give 30 USD's.
Dollars to us.
Because, friends,
Bob Dobbs gets it all in the end.
And then,
he gives it to us
in the end.
As our friend Andy Christ once said to me,
he watched me after a particularly stressful ex-day freak out.
And I apologized to him later.
He goes,
Stan, if I'd gotten ringed out by Bob as many times as you,
I'd freak out too.
I see babies cry.
I watch them grow.
They'll learn much more
than I'll ever know
when I say them a sound.
What a wonderful world.
Cheryl Flick Haunting
Move I Hope
Rem genau
Thank You

I Wish
I Wů
Oh.
Oh.

I'm in ecstasy.



to Kathryn

Prosшиб Week
Miss P

Go
Bel corpse

Like the flies and cockroaches
And other nasty bugs that buzz around and tell me
Why are people so cocked up?
And why do they want to blow things up?
Why do they hate each other when they're so much like each other?
I wanna know
Hey, what's going on with the weather?
I'm always oh so hot or very cold
It seems it's always raining or snowing
I tell you Lord, it's getting pretty old
And tell me
Why are people so cocked up?
And why do they want to blow things up?
And why do they hate each other when they're so much like each other?
I wanna know
Yeah, I really wonder just what you were thinking
How could you let it go so far astray?
You must have been down the corner drinking
And that's why we're all so fucked up today
Now I know
That's why we're all so fucked up
And that's why we love to blow things up
And that's why we hate each other when we're so much like each other
And now I know
Yeah







I'm gonna see the next one
Which goes way higher
I don't even know what it is
Myself
I fear, I worry about that
We run into three types
There's those who really do get the joke
And those who think they get the joke
And those who are the joke
And those who haven't figured out yet that there's a joke involved at all
And those are the ones that scare me
Frankly
And sometimes they really do scare me
And then there's
There's the poser
Weirdos
Or poser enlightened people
Or poser gurus
And or poser subgeniuses
Who think that acting crazy all the time means that they therefore have slack
We got into a big discussion over that problem on our news group alt.slack
Some kid in England had made the news
I don't even remember what his mistake was
But it was his stupid excuse that was the main thing
It was like
Nobody could beli-
I don't even remember what it was
Somebody said
It seems to me the hospital should have checked that kid for mental problems
Even allowing for freedom of expression
He must have known that such a story wouldn't have been much good for his grades
If you haven't learned to put on a mask of normality
By age 17
There can be little hope
And then another subgenius said
Yeah that's exactly what they want!
They want the subgeniuses to do
They don't care if you're a subgenius as long as you act normal
Too much normalcy in developing weirdos acts to stifle their superpowers
They, the conspiracy, want the subgeni to be powerless
It's like Bob says
Act like a dumb shit and they will treat you as an equal
And our friend said
He said I don't think he's advocating that
It's more of a prediction of what's going to happen
Personally I don't care if they treat me as an equal or not
Like I said I had an inheritance
But really it's advice for getting along with the normals
Now maybe you were born rich and you don't have to worry about that
But as far as I'm concerned
Passing is the first skill any kind of weirdo from subgenius to a Wiccan has to learn
You know whether you're rich or poor you have to learn how to pass
Because the nail that sticks up will be hammered down
As our friend Ninslow pointed out
And he was pointing with a hammer
So you can choose which normal subgroup among whom you're going to try to pass
Some pass as office workers
Some pass as hippie bums
Some pass as craftsmen
Some pass as artists
Normals expect artists to smell funny and be socially clumsy
And scientists too
But if you look in the yellow pages under artists and scientists
You can see how much demand there is for those these days
So here I'm being paid to be a subgenius preacher
But in my little neighborhood in Cleveland
I don't wear Dobbs heads on my clothing
And I don't have a hat
I don't have any bumper stickers on my car
I think there's a little hint of Devo fandom on there
And everybody in the neighborhood knows me as Mr. Smith
Or else that old guy with the hat and the beautiful granddaughter
That he shouldn't be touching that way
And that's how I have managed to get away with murder
And not have my kids taken away from me for all these years
There are subgeniuses who think that's a good thing
But there are some who have had their kids taken away
By the way for those who are following the case of Reverend Magdalene
She has her boy back
And the whole family's been together for about a year or more
It's still a little bit up in the air
But by the time it's decided the kid's going to be grown up anyway
So they basically sort of
They won except that they'll be paying legal fees for the rest of their born days
Anyway friends I had to learn to pass as a normal
In fact I was thinking about writing a book called Pink Like Me
You know I had to wear what we call the masks of insanity
Which is really, it really means the mask of normality
In fact up until 1990 I used to get actual haircuts from real barbers
And work jobs just like a regular person
But remember friends!
No matter what situation you have to find yourself in
To you know pay the rent or find a couch to sleep on
Just remember this
They can't read your mind
In fact most of them can't even read subtitles
So um
And you know the funny thing about these festivals
I always end up saying them
Once a day at least I end up going
I'm so normal
I don't want to be told that they're hands off



don't tell the sub geniuses
But I really
Sometimes I'm ashamed to myself because
because I don't hate everything anymore.
Well, subgenius was, when I was an angry young man,
I was perfectly happy to work on this stuff for free
because I was sincerely angry.
I was preaching about slack, but I didn't really have it,
which gave my preaching a certain amount of fire.
But I hate to confess it, folks, I have to fight my hate now.
I actually did get slack.
It took a long time, but I've got a fair equivalent of slack.
It's hard for me to work up a fair steam of hate anymore.
And I am kind of normal compared to most of the weirdos.
I'm not interested in anybody's pooper.
I stopped trying to take over the planet when I was in my early 20s.
I brushed my teeth and balanced my checkbook,
and I even know the difference between its and its,
which makes me a weirdo's weirdo.
In some respects.
Uncle Puzzling, will you tell me a bedtime story?
No, this is disgusting.
Will you tell me what the 60s were like?
Was it really like an Oliver Stone movie?
Probably, but Uncle Puzzling just doesn't want to speak to me.
Eh, eh.
Why, who's...
The wrong kind of question.
See, here they are.
Alright, here's what the 60s were like.
Oh, they were wonderful.
They were being, like, stuck inside a...
a ballgum machine.
Cool, man.
Yes, the 60s were very gory.
Hell's way along with...
Oh, it's the 60s, man.
The 60s are back!
Yeah!
I wish you didn't ask for the 60s.
Look what's happening.
Coming up, rerun of...
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.

Now you think the 60s are back.





They're the big goes.
Hey, remember body painting?
Cheap awful records in your basement, real loud, on a cheap I-Fi.
Yeah, yeah, and painting it black and putting those black light posters up.
Like, look at this one.
When the light hits it, you can practically see it.
It's switching there.
Boy, that brought those colors out, man.
Everybody on the floor, let's dance.
It's the 60s.
It's the electric baboons, man.
Puzzling evidence.
There are friends from KPFA Berkeley with Dr. Howell, Doug Wellman,
and in this case, Phineas Narco.
The collages we heard at the beginning of the show are by Lee Murr,
Fernand and Andy Lee Murr.
And the music in the background here is Witch Disco,
the descendant of the band Einstein's Secret Orchestra.
It pretty much involves almost everybody from ESO,
except for the late Chaz Smith.
Recorded live at Starwood.
Now this is a little bit cynical, friends.
We have been pursuing the subject of fairness for years.
My wife and I often discuss how unfair everything is, especially to her.
And we've arrived at the conclusion, and this is pretty cosmic,
life is fair.
But only for people who are unfair.
It's unfair only for fair people.
But if you live long enough, you get used to the crap
and learn to sniff out the sugar instead automatically.
Now unfortunately for some people, long enough would require centuries,
but I don't think you're one of those.
The important thing is to stay alive.
And that may also require staying busy.
I agree.


I hope that doesn't wreck your idea of slack.
That actually is my idea of slack.
If you have nothing better to do,
helping people who are even more messed up than you are
has been known to work wonders for the spirit.
So if there's anybody here who's seriously depressed,
I'm not telling you to quit taking your pills,
but you know, there's people who've got it worse than you
that can't even walk or can't talk or can't something.
You know, might take your mind off some of your own problems
if you threw in some volunteer slack time for that.
People actually ask me serious things
as if I was a minister in a religion.
And they'll say things like,
Reverend Stang, is there an afterlife?
Friends, the church of the subgenius does believe in an afterlife.
It's called...
death.
What happens after your life?
You're dead.
Dead forever.
So if you've got some living to do before then,
get busy.
As Bob said,
pull the wool over your own eyes.
You'll still be blind,
but at least your head will be warm.
Death is not a fearful thing.
Take our life from us.
We lay it down.
Please get us some medication.
Take our life from us.
We lay it down.
Please get us some medication.
Let's just be done with it.
Let's be done with the agony of it.
Death is not a fearful thing.
Please get us some medication.
A little death trip there from Lord Camblore,
thanks to Sweetness McGee.
Oh, you got it.
So that's all I could think.
Are there any questions?

Do you...
Are there any questions?
There's one back there.
By the way,
I'm deaf as hell,
so you're going to have to really holler,
and Princess,
we may have to translate.
I'd really like to ask the first question,
but sometimes,
I don't.
Paradox?
I wish Dr. Hal was here.
Yeah, really.
Yes.
Yes.
There, that's a good enough for that question.
Jeez.
I can't even remember that one well enough to repeat it.
It's such a paradox.
Hey, what's up?
Do you always get questions like this?
Do I always get questions like which?
This.
That.
Every time.
So far.
This time.
Surely there's somebody who has crushing desire to know one of Bob's secrets.
What is in Bob's pipe?
What is in Bob's pipe?
We get that all the time.
Many kids assume, well, of course he's smoking marijuana because he's two.
Actually, technically, Bob is smoking Borkham Rift.
Which is this cheap pipe tobacco.
But, here's what Bob's really smoking in his pipe, my friend.
You!
You!
If you truly want to know Bob.
If you want to know what is behind each of those half-toned dots that make up his face.
If you want to know the real secret of Bob.
You throw yourself into that pipe.
You become the dottle raining down from that pipe.
You become the molecule that's going down.
You become Bob's esophagus into his lungs.
Or choking him or whatever happens if it goes down the wrong tube.
You might be the molecule that makes Bob get turned on.
You just don't know.
And you, on top of that, it's a moot point.
You don't have any choice.
Bob's gonna, as Onan said, Bob gets us all in the end.
I'm surprised I can still sit down at all.
Hello.
I'm Bob.












This is me, Bernard.
I just do not want to leave no room for misunderstanding.
We are subgeniuses.
We are not part of the human race of these ugly humans who represent society at large.
They are gonna get their ass kicked.
I don't want to be around when it happens.
The UFOs are appearing in the sky.
I had two dreams.
And one of the dreams that I will be taken aboard a spaceship.
And I will, and I believe that I will be taken away from here.
It's just a matter of time when they decide to come and take me away from here.
Because the UFOs are, they are appearing in the sky.
The UFOs are appearing in the sky.
Reverend Ivan Stang, send a message to Reverend Ivan Stang.
From PR News in Washington, I'm suspected of having ties to Al-Qaeda.
The Center for Disease says the first doses of H1N1 virus will be distributed in about two weeks.
Dr. Jabe says the first wave of 3.5 million doses of swine flu will be in a small nasal spray form.
And will be followed by prison overcrowding during normal business hours.
But the federal government has taken over.
PR News from Washington.
Oh, a question from the really red-headed lady there.
Oh, Reverend, I have a question from the chapel of the sub-division.
I'm a genius from the Maldives.
And they would like to know how Connie praises Bob.
And if that might be something that they should emulate.
Oh, do you want to know how Connie praises Bob and if that's something they should emulate?
Yes.
I don't know how Connie praises Bob.
But I do know that they better not try it themselves.
Because Connie, there's no telling what she's going to do.
Now, I don't know that she's going to do it.
Connie has apparently a lot of husbands.
And Bob supposedly has a wife in every state of the Union.
And every state of mind.
But there are some mysteries of Bob that we, she's writing it down.
That's a good, you saw the obsequious way she asked the question.
We'll be beating her later to beat the meekness out of her.
But, yeah.
The question of Connie and Bob.
Man, that's the mystery, isn't it?
It's the endless battle of man against woman.
And woman against man.
Or man against man.
Or woman against woman.
It's all getting, you know.
Where's that stripper, the pole?
Yeah, the pole camp.
Let's all blow this stuff off and go to the pole camp.
And see women up against women.
Men up against men.
And men up against women.
And your wife.
And your wife.
I could marry everybody here.
Let's just do it real quick.
Say I do.
I do.
You're all married now.
You can do anything you want.
You actually could already.
But it sounds better coming from somebody who paid $30 to be an ordained minister now, doesn't it?
You could be that ordained minister yourself.
Actually, I'm sure everybody I'm talking to is probably already in the Universal Life Church.
It's a fairly minor, I don't think it really even classifies as a cult, especially when you talked about some of the more, you know, the bigger, well, people like yourselves.
But the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster.
Are you familiar with it?
Oh, those.
They had it so easy.
Of course, I imagine the Discordians say the same thing about us.
Yeah.
Actually, I love our brethren in the rival cult of the Flying Spaghetti Monster.
Although, let's face it, it's a takeoff on creationist kooks.
They don't really believe in the Flying Spaghetti Monster.
The subgeniuses believe in J.R. Bob Dobbs enough to send in $30.
When they're serious.
I mean, I don't know if they're serious enough to subgenius.com or they're serious enough to make it out to that remote campground.
And I'd like to see the Flying Spaghetti Monster fans pull off a convention like we do.
Yeah, I know.
Speaking of which, our next convention will be at a giant science fiction and fantasy convention in Atlanta, Georgia.
How's that?
Dragon Con.
Yeah.
Yeah, Dragon Con.
It's the beginning of September.
Are you actually going to be there then?
Yeah, yeah.
There's a big subgenius event that also involves a group who makes music using Tesla coil equipment.
Oh, awesome.
You know, those big dynamos that shoot sparks between them?
Yeah, yeah.
And have like a Jacob's Ladder effect.
Those make a noise, you know, kind of a crackling noise.
And these guys have set it up.
They discovered that depending on the frequency, the noise is different.
And they can play tunes using these gigantic dynamos.
And it's not, it's the crackling noise made by the electricity can be modulated into notes.
So they'll play like Darth Vader's theme or the Pac-Man game theme on these gigantic, frightening cranes.

Crackling things.
And so we're going to intersperse our preaching between concerts by them.
Oh, awesome.
That sounds amazing.
That sounds amazing.
Yeah, yeah.
It should be a lot of fun.
That's my main interest.
My main interest.
My main interest.
My main interest.
My main interest.
My main interest.
And, dear friends, that was a little bit of the British podcast, Right Where You Are Sitting
Now, with Ken Eakins and Ken Monahan.
You can find more about that from sittingnow.co.uk.
Say, say, say, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, you remember that Bob Doppelganger that they had selling quote unquote natural
male enhancements?
Oh, you're right.
I was wondering if you had a comment.
Recently they got mailed.
It turned out that, as we always suspected, Enzite didn't actually do anything.
And it was a literal mom, actually it was more like a mom and son operation.
He was living in her basement doing this shit.
And it was a little bit of a surprise.
And I don't know.
Apparently they're not supposed to be airing the advertisements anymore, but people are
still telling me they're still seeing.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
The Enzite.
Well, you've got, normally I'm the one, that's usually the answer to the question, what he
just said.
He was talking about the infamous Enzite commercials with Smiling Bob, which is very definitely,
obviously a rip off of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
They're ads.
You see, for those of you who watch TV, they're these, they're actually really funny.
Yeah, they are.
They're, you know, I mean, if somebody was going to rip us off, it should be a charlatan
company that makes hard-on pills that don't really work.
Although, like any placebo, if you think it's going to work, it'll work.
Half the time, anyway.
That's a sad thing, you know.
Half the time, the placebo works better than the tested medicine.
What does that tell you?
But anyway, yeah, there was this company, Enzite, that made, we couldn't sue them for
trademark, because the Bob didn't have a pipe, and it was, and we're not that rich, and they
were.
They were.
The fellow who started that company, and his mom, and his lawyer, were all found guilty,
and he got 25 years in prison.
And they got, you know, they basically, you know, they got a lot of money.
They basically had to give up almost all their profits, which was billions of dollars.
Which just goes to show what happens when you try to cop Bob.
Bob is not a man to cop.
Don't try to be like J.R. Bob's.
You aren't stupid enough, nor lucky enough.
Well, you might be stupid enough, but you're definitely not lucky enough.
Elsewise, I'd be preaching about you instead of him.
So, I don't know what to say about that one.
I just thought that was just, I was glad to hear that they were, you know, they were,

they got nailed.
But it's true, they're still selling those damn pills.
But like I say, it's not against the law.
Now, this is one thing I must say.
It's, there's no law against throwing your money away on stupid, idiotic, waste, meaningless
notions.
People sometimes just get so, they go, God, I just hate those televangelists, ripping
off that money from those poor, ignorant, little old ladies.
Well, who's spending the money more wisely?
I can promise you the televangelist is spending it on something useful, like hookers, liquor,
or yachts.
And being from Dallas, I know whereof I speak.
You know, I had cousins who used to fly Bob Tilton in and out.
But his, his days, he finally got whipped down.
But I don't think there should, I don't think there should ever be a law against, against,

I mean, people should be free to spend their money however they want.
God, I'd be out of business real quick.
Oh.
I had a question.
What is the secret to remaining, to remain, to, to being an enthusiastic kitch man when
you look out at your audience and you see they're all naked and clearly have no cash?
Well, that is a problem.
it is it's a problem that's the whole paradox the church of the subgenius it's an anti-business
business it's an anti-religion religion it's an anti-science science project and it's an anti-art
conspiracy art project so what the hell are we doing you got me I that's when it is a secret
it remains a secret that's the answer you too can know the secret positive thinking I think
was that well yeah it's kind of frustrating it's we started a religion for non joiners
that part they don't notice we didn't call it Church of the genius
so yeah yes it's it's sad but that's why we have to laugh at ourselves
so
you
We'll be right back.
adult pachyderm stomp a little clip there from rural war room you can find more of a rural
war room with st. Byron Werner from rural war room calm also before that some granting recorded
at Starwood answering questions and the radio phone in question and answer thing is from right
where you are sitting now the British podcast by Ken Eakins and Ken Monahan you can get more
about that from sitting now dot co dot uk
you're listening to the hour of slack from the church of the subgenius and you can learn
anything you need to know about the church of the subgenius from subgenius
dot com and now we'll return to our frequent caller Bernard
hello this is me but not I don't know who will receive this message but it is true
we are subgenius we cannot figure everything out we cannot figure everything out but we are
not subgenius we are subgenius we are subgenius we are subgenius we are subgenius
we are subgenius we are subgenius
subgenius we are subgenius we are subgenius
do you understand what I'm saying we are not dumb and stupid and the conspiracy of these
genetic pinks and Normal it is the conspiracy it is true a conspiracy of genetic pink and Normals
I won't go as far to say as its genetic of their kind and because of it they are in idiots and they
have whitewashing we have blackwashing in down there we have blackwashing in this country we do not
I happen to be the dominant occupation.
The moon, yes, the moon has risen.
La lu, la lu, la lu.
It shines.
La lu, la lu, la lu.
The stars.
La lu, la lu, la lu.
The night is so blue.
I am with you.
How beautiful.
Time will never forget us.
La lu, la lu, la lu.
La lu, la lu, la lu.
La lu, la lu, la lu.
Time will never forget us.
La lu, la lu, la lu.
La lu, la lu, la lu.
The moon will understand us.
The moon will understand us.
La, la, la, la, la.
La la la la la
La la la la la
La luna
Lolita did that.
That's from my mother's collection,
Lolita performing La Luna.
Thanks to my brother for digitizing that.
And now back to Starwood.
We're getting near the end
and dinner time.
Dinner.
Friends, what is important in life?
I've had people ask me,
Reverend Stang, really,
what do you believe in?
What do you truly believe in?
Dinner.
I believe in dinner.
I think dinner holds a hope
and a promise.
You know, we talk about slack.
There's probably for three-quarters
of the world,
slack is one good meal a week.
You know, so think about that.
You may have more slack
than you really thought you had.
You kind of...
Again, when you're at your most depressed
and slackless
and you feel like nothing's working,
look around.
You might find that you've got it
better than you think.
And that's why I was saying,
the little kids,
I was hoping this thing,
talking about how...
There were these parents
standing in line,
paid $200 to be entertained,
and their two children
were rolling in the gravel,
having more fun
than probably anybody will
this whole festival.
I'm jealous of those two little kids,
and I never...
Well, actually, I might get to be...
If I follow in my mom's footsteps,
I'll get to be one and a half years old again.
My mom, I guess, had Alzheimer's.
We don't know for sure.
And it was sad and tough.
But she did say something
that sums up the human condition.
She had imagined
that my brother had...
Now, I used to be a filmmaker,
and my brother's a goat rancher,
but yet she imagined in her dream world
that she had gone to the movie theater
and seen a movie that my brother had made,
a slick movie,
not an underground-looking thing,
but like a big Hollywood thing,
and my sister played dozens of parts in it.
And this story was so real to her,
she was telling my daughter about it,
and my daughter was flabbergasted.
She believed it.
And she had called my brother,
saying she wanted to see the movie,
and my brother came over,
and he said to my mom,
you know, Mammy,
that was really just part of the dream.
And my mother,
my mother shook her head,
and went,
well, all I can say is
you people missed a damn good movie.
So reality is whatever.
And I should close on that note,
because now it's time
to set up for the great...
Jagged
a young fool
in the red lead stamp
the outfall shimmered
the light black in steam
and all about
a feel-en- preaching
a fate-repeating
and sent your presence near
But lines are drawn
the wrong direction
Then I am aware
that words in books here
have a reason
and something in the end
Measurements of time
crumble and climb
for Jaguar, Knight
and White Deer
guitar solo
Strong to roll over
and start to play
Joy's left over
from yesterday
But just now
on the road
I'm on my way

The pain is all aglow
While they wait
and they watch
for the gates to close
And now they only see
each other in the blackened streets
And measurements of time
crumble and climb
for Jaguar, Knight
and White Deer
Gorester Jr.
Jack spindle


In clinical starters
he'll bring you away
Never, now, forever, or yesterday
Just know it's the air
Where black becomes clear
For jaguar, knife, and white deer
Know that the books here have a look
There's something in the air
A measure of time
Trouble and crime for jaguar, knife, and white deer
Jaguar, knife, and white deer
Jaguar, knife, and white deer

Jaguar, knife, and white deer
Jaguar, knife, and white deer
Jaguar, knife, and white deer
Jaguar, knife, and white deer
Jaguar, knife, and white deer
Jaguar, knife, and white deer





Not yet.
Plug him in,
and Bob connects to IONET by himself.
Sorry.
And he downloads everything he needs
to get you online.
It's that easy.
Ah-
President Obama is completely wasted, just completely wasted.
Well, Obama is wasted, but far more importantly, the United States have been degraded.
Why?
They have less than one-tenth of 70 percent of 90 percent.
There are between three and four and a half times, down to a depth of one percent.
And then just two weeks ago, the House of Representatives put a price on carbon, $80, and the...
