No one would have believed in the last years of the 19th century
that human affairs were being watched from the timeless worlds of space.
No one could have dreamed we were being scrutinized
as some were the microscopic studies creatures that swarm and multiply in a drop of water.
Few men even considered the possibility of life on other planets.
And yet, across the gulf of space,
minds immeasurably superior to ours
regarded this earth with envious eyes.
And slowly and surely,
they drew their plans against us.
And now,
The S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-So Genius Hour of Slack!
Praise Bob!
This is it!
your last big chance to win back your soul.
X Day is coming.
Kiss all your calendars goodbye and prepare yourself
to greet the men from Planet X in power and glory
at the coolest campground in the United States.
With sideshow marvels,
spontaneous doctor band combustion,
trained prairie squid,
frop enhancement workshops,
acu-beating, psychic surgery,
human fights, live freaks of nature,
and acid casualties,
fat sperm antidote pudding cook-offs,
private adult sex-hurt seminars,
self-mutilating preachers and oddly normal-seeming people,
sex goddesses,
elder,
and the like.
Ex-day is coming.
Are you ready for the finals?
Which will it be?
Spaz Outlaw Holiday Forever or The Last Roundup?
Can you handle Judgment Day?
Will you simper while the world ends or will you get slack?
Brought to you by JR Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius.
See www.subgenius.com for more information.
Experience the anxiously awaited moment, the nail-biting suspense of July 5th, 7am.
Only $30!
None may stop us and none may escape once the gate closes.
Praise Bob!
Experience the
spouse thing

open
service too!
Don't forget to pay a visit to Jimmy последue whatever's coming your way
Release that
Thanks, that's all.
Well, Rubik's Cube.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Welcome to Hour of Slack number 1838.
What we just heard was the band Rubik's Cube
recorded performing live at 24X Day
or what we should now call the 26th X Day Drill.
Our numbering is kind of strange.
The first Hypercube X Day Drill.
And hey, sorry, don't blame me or Bob
or even Hypercube that the world didn't end on a human schedule.
I guess those old Xists from outer space
are defying the law.
They're determined to keep us guessing.
Gotta be ready any minute, friends.
But yeah, we not only survived the first drill
held at Land of Id in Land O'Lakes, Florida,
owned by the spectacularly talented
Reverend Exanthia Octoshroom,
who's also a fellow junior scientist like me and Dr. Howell.
We not only survived,
but we plan to do it all again next year
at Land of Id
because we're going to be doing it again next year.
That site is perfect,
perfect for our size and kind of attendance.
Everyone who was there and at previous drills
agrees that it was the best X Day ever.
But then we always do.
Tropical storm Elsa hit Tampa in force
just after my plane back to Texas got out of there.
But it created some challenges,
details of which you'll hear soon enough.
But first,
the rat hole clench has their own drill
or had their own drill
and created their own media barrage
about the end of all reality,
according to Bob.
12 minutes worth.
And here it is from rat hole clench.
Not to be confused with the rat cave of old.
Pray Bob.
He manipulates the necessary controls
to broadcast the message on the tape over the air.
And not that captive radio has
an eye to do his work just fine.
I've read many reports
and they say that we can't Turn sugar выс
I don't even know why I want that.
Brad to be noise sleepers.
Risk- vår
atur
some terminology about the end or end times.
I'm going to be repetitive because I want it to sink in.
You'll learn about end-time terminology,
end-time numerology, end-time catastrophes,
end-time organizations, and end-time leaders.
It's the marker we've been waiting for,
the spacecraft from the level above human,
to take us home to the literal heavens.
For people that have a particularly strong case of alienation,
this can become a very powerful segment of your life.
There is a vision of another kind of world
in which we could live a lot better,
and maybe the UFO can take us there.
And this is what happened, or could happen,
on a certain day called X.
Some people would look at it as the best moment of their life.
Or will it be, as many believe, the final judgment?
A lot of people have done extensive research into this
and have discovered that flying saucers have a tendency
to make a lot of appearances.
And they've found that they can make a lot of appearances
around about a important event happening on Earth.
It's an amazing coincidence.
There are no coincidences.
This is way out of the realm of fiction or supposition
or conspiracy theory or speculation.
This is absolute documented fact.
On July 5th, 2019, at 7 a.m.,
the Xists shall make a mass landing on this planet.
The children of Bob shall be rewarded at this foretold rupture,
this day of the universe.
And the day of judgment,
when all those who paved their church dunes
will be lifted up in power and glory
to gain new homes and bodies aboard the pleasure saucers
of the sex goddesses,
all the while watching the hapless pigs twitch and bleat and wail
in the death throes of their world.
Not because some general or madman will push a button
and reduce our planet to ash,
but because, as the fundamentalists see it,
God has had it planned that way for at least 1900 years.
If there really were a day called X,
we would have been in a state of ecstasy.
People have always had a fascination with the heavens.
UFO groups celebrate this connection to the stars.
Mainstream religion rarely, if ever,
recognizes biblical passages as describing extraterrestrial sightings.
New agers look at the year 2000 as a time of rescue via,
listen to this, friendly spaceships.
Now, I'm not saying that God did not do this,
but God worked through the UFOs to produce this.
A bizarre marriage of science fact, fiction, and hope.
Research suggests that 20% of Americans believe in UFOs.
Is this why some of these people are joining UFO cults
instead of mainstream religions?
The best known group that started out in the grips of cult paranoia
and evolved into a major religion is
J.R. Bob Dobbs, the living slack master
and his church of the subgenius.
A prophet with honor in his own land and in his own time.
Part circus style entertainment and part sales pitch.
At their recruitment meetings all across the country,
they were extremely persuasive with their sci-fi pitch to potential members.
It's rumored that followers are under some type of mind control.
Praise God! Praise God!
To me, he was a fabulous man.
I would say he was among the greatest of the great.
The energy that I felt from him
put me into a state of almost fear and awe.
He provides a way for people to have both the mystical experience
and the experience of sexual freedom and letting go of everything.
He had this sense of,
apocalyptic doom.
There's no limit to what he could do.
He could destroy the earth.
I don't know what that is.
But I know who the devil is and he hates you
and he has a plan for your life
and it's to rip your family apart, it's to destroy your kids,
it's to pull you out of church and make you not believe in God.
He's not politically correct
and he's not part of the anti-Christ movement.
You see, some people have the idea
that the only people that care anything about E.T.
or extraterrestrials or UFOs and all that,
are a bunch of pot-smoking hippies sitting around a campfire somewhere
and singing Kumbaya or OM or whatever else they do
and that's all they do.
And I mean, you know, nut jobs.
But the truth of the matter is,
some of the smartest people in this country
have their eyes focused on the heavens.
You get into the people that are in the business of making money
and they are in the business of supporting
the knowledge of extraterrestrials.
Their unorthodox gospel began to take shape.
Once they realized the money in that,
the benefit to that,
the sheer joy and outrage and pleasure
for the public and themselves in all of that.
They turned their New Age and Christian ideologies
into a business that went searching for followers.
They brought a lot of color and excitement
to small towns of people who lived on farms
who didn't have a lot to do.
And people left with something.
They left sort of fascinated by it.
They were intrigued by the concept of,
could this actually be?
You're going to hear all kinds of stories
before you get there and afterwards
and I'm going to make up a few after I come back.
We were out looking at the stars,
just enjoying the night.
And suddenly you look behind us
and they're hovering on the ground next to us.
It was the most incredible light show.
It had all the colors of the rainbow.
And they went around the perimeter of the craft
and they were all just like scintillating,
dancing, just like vibrating.
It was just incredible.
They just hovered there and it was completely silent.
And they'd been coming around for a long time.
I'm just lucky I got to see them.
It cleared the minds.
It made you, your mind stronger.
It was the most unreal weekend I can ever remember.
Can't get any better than that for testimony.
Who are these people?
What drives them to participate?
Participate in acts that society calls madness.
Let's look at the word subgenius.
It does not simply mean just below a genius.
Sub-G intelligence level can range far, far below genius.
I don't want to sound like a dummy here.
They're not smarter than me.
But they're very smart.
You're only limited by the credulity of your audience
and your own imagination in making up these stories.
That there shall come in the last days
scoffers saying, where is the promise of his coming?
For the skeptic, for the agnostic,
for the atheist,
I invite you, come, see, and believe.
All these events happen right on the day.
Right on the day.
In the first four events.
Why wouldn't it be logical then to say
that the other events are going to happen right on the day?
The doomsday people would do well to study up.
On this day called X.
And that's why it is very important
that this information starts to get out now.
That man can prepare himself for a landing
and is really our future.
We're going to have an apocalyptic event.
We're going to have a convergence of spacecraft
from various galaxies around the universe.
And they're going to bring us
women covered with hair,
standing eight feet tall.
It looks like a potato.
Deformed.
Disfigured.
Yet strangely
irresistible to millions.
And it comes from Mars.
Impossible.
Unbelievable.
Fantastic.
But I tell you it could happen.
People are always afraid of what they don't understand.
But there will always be some fool who would pick up a lit bomb
and say, this is interesting.
And it will go off in your hands.
Can we get beyond our primitive fears?
As the aliens come closer,
they're weeks away, they're hours away,
things start getting strange.
And so this day called X,
which began in such an ordinary way,
is no ordinary day.
And it's so hard to know in advance
how any man will react when that day comes.
It certainly occurs to you that,
well, what if this is the big one?
Because you're not expecting the big one
at that particular moment.
You'll never be expecting the big one when it happens.
And it's right on the verge of coming down.
And when it comes, it's going to spring forth just like that.
It's going to come all of a sudden.
It's all been building up to this point.
But now, somewhere in the next few days,
few weeks, few months, few years,
the Lord's the only one that knows when.
But this thing is going to bust loose.
And when it busts loose, you know what it's going to do?
It's going to find the church asleep.
The church is going to be completely asleep.
The prosperity preachers are going to be up there
naming it, claiming it, and blabbing it, and grabbing it.
That's all they know to preach.
And the people are going to be comfortable in their faith,
feel good about their religion,
and they're patriotic and love the country,
and everything's going to be hunky-dory and all that.
And we go.
Now, oh, listen to this.
This really blessed my heart, friends.
Bob Dobbs can never die.
He represents more than just a man with a pipe and a know-it-all grin.
He represents the quest of all mutants for freedom.
Check that out.
Check that out.
Put that in your satanic pipe and smoke it, punk.
Check that out.
Oh, and by the way, he can smoke whatever he wants to
in that psychotic, satanic pipe of his.
I don't care what he smokes.
I don't care how much he smokes.
He ain't never going to be the most high, okay?
So you can just put that in your psychotic pipe
and smoke it all day, all night, all month, all day,
and you will never be the most high.
He's got delusions of grandeur.
They want to imagine themselves as the forerunners of the future.
They want to imagine themselves being on the threshold of what is to come.
They say he is a false prophet.
The latest example of spiritual con men at work.
I don't think too much of that.
I wouldn't have it in my house.
I think it's filthy.
At best, they were wasting their money.
And yet his words are so powerful in their convictions,
that millions have believed his ominous prediction.
I believed it. I totally believed it.
I was like a walking robot.
I believed everything they said.
All too many people have uncritically bought into the story,
not because the evidence is there,
but they want to believe it's true.
To this day, the question of when this prophet of doom
believed the apocalypse would take place is still unanswered.
He did give us some milestones,
some dates for milestones to think around.
We just assume that the people that have gathered those dates
know what they're talking about.
But that's not the case.
I know how those dates are arrived at.
It had pursued the goal of having the people transported out of this world
into a better world that existed in another dimension.
The instrument of that transporting was to be some flying saucers.
Those flying saucers never came.
Even when J.R. Bob Dobbs' prediction proved wrong,
his followers continued to believe that the apocalypse was imminent.
If the spaceships don't land,
I'm not going to have any great anxiety and go in a dither.
There'll be a reason for it.
You see, everything comes down to it.
There's logic and reason in life.
There's great organization in the cosmos.
Because we're disorganized and have, you might say, gotten off the highway,
that doesn't mean that the highway doesn't exist.
You didn't pay attention to the traffic signals.
But the problem is,
what can we now conclude from what's been presented?
I don't care who you are or where you come from,
if you haven't sent your $20 into Bob, you're going to burn.
Mother Teresa, I don't care how many people she's helped,
if she hasn't sent her $20 into J.R. Bob Dobbs, it's going to burn in hell.
I don't care who forestyear
If you destroy Robert's profits,



and what Bob's doing with Bob's business


Little Lisa,
Millie,
No, don't agonize.
Thank you, Rat Hole Clench, for that hypnotic media barrage.
But now for one of the most powerful recordings from the Florida Ex Day drill,
the second sermon of Father Joe Mama.
I missed the beginning of the first one,
and I hope for a recording of it from somebody somewhere.
But first, let me explain.
For this sermon, Papa Joe dressed all in black
with a Dracula cape lined with red,
a skull and crossbones on his chest,
and he had his expert makeup artists
apply a perfect skull face makeup on his whole face
in black and white grease paint.
So keep that in mind.
Also, because this was the night of the 4th of July,
you hear fireworks going off in the back.
You hear explosions in the background constantly.
Explosions which perfectly punctuate
the bloody subject of this classic
and thoroughly post-woke retro-futuristic rant
by Father Joe Mama.
Oh, hell yeah!
Hello, friends, and welcome
to the real Ex Day 1998,
the final reckoning!
Yeah!
And we know it's the last Ex Day
because the conspiracy has shown their hand.
They're always lying to us,
but now, now they're not even trying
to hide their deception.
It's obvious for all to see.
We've always had a crisis,
some sort of emergency to justify them
seizing our liberties and enforcing
their anti-democratic top-down dictatorships.
For two decades, it was the Islamic terror,
the terrorist group,


and the terrorist group,

But now that Bin Laden and ISIS are gone,
we've swapped that out with a new threat
of domestic terrorists,
the angry white male.
Now, I ask you,
do I look angry to you?
Do I sound angry to you?
And what in Bob's den could I possibly be angry about?
Yes.
Such a threat?
There's always out there literally hundreds,
and yet even while this threat is precipitated
throughout the world,
hundreds of thousands of brown people
are fleeing across our border.
It'll be millions in just a few months.
Too bad they forgot to tell them
they're heading in the wrong direction.
But in case that threat isn't scary enough,
the conspiracy has another.
Even more frightening threat.
Mutating virus strains.
COVID was great while it lasted,
but now the guilt is off the flower.
People are starting to come out again
and resist their mandatory shutdowns
and mask mandates and digital passports.
So along comes COVID 2.0,
the never-ending story.
It changes, don't you see?
So you're never safe,
whether you're vaccinated or not.
And in the unlikely event that the other two threats
are going to be the same,


and not scary enough to beat you down into submission,
we have the ultimate endgame.
Climate change.
The world is going to die by 2032
unless you surrender all your power
to the conspiracy and do everything they want.
And if you express any doubts,
you're unscientific.
All right.
Because the debate is over.
And how dare you even question it.
You see,
it's not enough to have one doomsday scenario.
Oh no.
We need all of you to be prepared.
All three simultaneously a trifecta of terror.
They want you to feel helpless
and that there's nothing you can do
to avoid your doomsday damnation.
We're all going to be blown up by white supremacists
while dying of a deadly virus variant
just as the world burns up
from rising temperatures
and then drowns in rising sea levels.
If one doesn't get you,
the other ones will.
Conspicuously absent, however,
from this list of life-threatening doomsday scenarios
is the fact that
the one threat that really is real.
And that will be here
tomorrow, July 5th.
I'm talking about an all-out invasion
by exes exterminators.
They're on their way here, now.
Do I hear a praise bomb?
Praise bomb!
Yes, this planet is doomed.
And we can't change that.
We don't want to change that.
For the wages of subgenius sin
and dobsian defiance are death.
But just because Earth is dead
doesn't mean we are.
No, no, no, no.
The exes are coming and the pigs are bumming.
But as I look out
amongst our subgenius audience
here today,
the only bumming I see
is of cigarettes.
And perhaps even a few
other inhalable substances.
No, no, no.
We are not bumming
because we're looking forward to the end times.
The planet may be condemned,
the conspiracy may be condemned,
the Pins Anormals may be condemned,
but we aren't.
We've made our choice.
And once the shooting starts,
we aren't going to run away from the fighting.
We're going to run to it!
Now, we're going to be joining the aliens
not only on their mopping up operations,
but also when it's all over
and going with them to Planet 10,
the exes' promised world.
A new promised planet
with no pigs.
No pigs and normalcy.
It all sounds rather unbelievable, doesn't it?
But then again,
what in the last few years
was believable? I mean, really?
If you have a
dobsian doubt about whether
Bob will fulfill his promised prophecy,
just look how the conspiracy
itself is starting to prepare the public
for the mere possibility of aliens.
They are showing
aerial footage of military aircraft
shooting UFOs
on TV
and TV!
The very last order
by the previous president
was to release all information
regarding UFOs within 180 days.
That was signed at the end of December
and by my math,
well, what do you know?
It comes out right about July 5th.
Here we are.
Now, why would they do that?
Maybe when people go bursting in
and they say,
Run to the hills! They're here!
They're killing us, the UFOs!
All the conspiracy ties
will blow their eyes and go,
Oh please. They've been planning that now for months.
They're just releasing the footage.
Once again,
the truth is the precise opposite
of what our leaders
and the media are telling us.
There is a reason
for us to be excited
and his name is J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Do I hear a praise Bob?
Praise Bob!
His pipe has been hiding
in plain sight for all these years.
Right beneath the conspiracy's nose.
Right beneath his nose!
We didn't expect
them to ever admit it.
To paraphrase the 007 movie
Goldfinger,
No, Mr. Bondage.
We expect you to die.
And die they will.
Die they must!
For,
if this planet is to be purged
of its conspiracy contaminating

and torments,
it must be completely cleansed.
And we cannot allow this sickness to be spread
throughout the solar system,
nay, through the universe,
through all sorts of other hitchhiking spacecraft.
The only race that can be trusted
to be,
well, how should you say,
allowed to continue to exist
would be the subgeniuses
for they have a life long history
of fighting the conspiracy.
They won't carry that terrible virus
with them to Planet X.
So have confidence, dear friends,
that this conspiracy will go all out
like this. That they wouldn't
reveal their hand unless they knew
the gig was up.
This is going to be the final X-Day.
All the real subgeniuses
can feel it in their bones.
Do I hear an amen?
Amen!
That feeling is a good feeling,
friends. The opposite of what
the pinks and normals are going to be feeling
in their bones as they are fed through
the conspiracy. Pink people
shredders.
But hey, you can't make an
omelet without breaking a few eggs, right?
Or breaking a few heads
come X-Day as we assist with the
pop-up operations and enjoy the
biggest fireworks of all time.
So if you ever had any
wonders, just ask
yourself this. If it were a real
X-Day, would it be
crowded? No.
No! It would only
have a select few.
We are that precious few!
After all, weight is very expensive
on a flying saucer going in all
sorts of directions and out of space.
So you expect it to be small
and potent. And that's what we
shall be tomorrow.
So prepare for the real
Independence Day, July 5th,
tomorrow morning at 7am,
as we finally leave this
cursed conspiracy world
sailing for a
lifetime! Amen!
Ladies and
gentlemen, Papa
Joe Mama.
Another round of applause!
If jolting were possible during the squeeze...
...

...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...

Everything was recorded with cushioned equipment.
...

Ram Jolt Squeeze Pin Lift
Molding Machine.
...
...
...
...
By now, Whisper Ram Noise
Controlled Jolt II
Model 719 RJW
Osborne Machines was standard
equipment.
...
...
... Oil Controlled Pattern Draw Stroke
A third man sets
cores and assists with the
closing of the cope and drag...
...
...
...
...
...
...

We forgot in the 20th
century.
...
I don't believe in picture windows.
...
...
This allows people to inspect my house from outside...
...
...
...
...
...
...


...
...

...
...
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.






Thank you.
I'm going to look at a couple more.
I've got my mind set on the theme of monsters.
What's your favorite part of the game?
I like the monsters.
To me, they were monsters.
I love them.
fish rain from the sky in real life right in front of your face and you're
not even tripping yet so that's a wonder of X David in in Ohio we had different
miracles tornadoes lightning strikes deadly tarantula bites and things the
rate shows that put out the power everywhere all over Ohio except that one
obscure campground we had to keep it secret that we still had ice or it would
have been they would they would have gone all mad max Thunderdome on us
anyway the X X day is always an adventure and that's the cool thing
about it that's why you remember it I don't have to camp in a tent anymore but
I did for many years and I didn't have to drive from Texas to Ohio but I did 30
times and it was worth it
because this time I didn't have to I didn't even have to drive to the airport
these guys took such good care of me and dr. how Philo Philo you listen did you
up man he could have I've gotten lots of tapes from fire and reminding me that it
was me that so don't friend you didn't you came to X day no matter the cost no
matter the inconvenience the of the oppressive heat and
unbelievable humidity remember to drink lots of water I would like Burning Man
which also is but by the end of what you're just screaming at everybody
around you it's just been such torture but it's so wonderful I'd go back to
that every year if I could I really would but it's too close to next day I'm
too expensive and you're my friends all who were part of it in the old days say
it's so doubt but I would still go I just can't afford it have hot 100 20 US STbad



too sold out I suppose. These festival things are great and the best thing, the show, everybody knows, they probably see recordings of it or whatever later if there was anything good. The main thing is standing in the middle of the road talking. My feet always get real tired, I forget to sit down. But sitting around a campground and just the talking between the people, it's amazing how that works.
Some of us can be basically anti-social, but for some reason it sometimes changes the next day. Next thing you know somebody's pregnant and has to get married and damn them christen them some red-headed stepchild and they grow up and end up playing on the stage. So there you go.
Oh, Starwood is similar, bigger and with a somewhat more gullible general customership, but there's a lot of crossover. I'm married to that also.
But Price Bob, we found a new home. X Day or Exanthia Day, whatever, and her dad, her dad actually started this place.
And she's been here since.
She was 11. She was the subgenius. I've met her dad. I can't wait to see his museum.
And this is a wonderful place, cool vibes. The residential part reminds me of Trailer Park Boys hippie style.
And I told that to a couple of the workers here and they said, that's exactly it.
So thanks for coming, everybody. And that was a hell of a Papa Joe Mama rant.
Well, I'm sorry to get so strike with you and everything, but you know, I was he he asked why he asked for it.
His name is Blondie and he's a pig.
Reverend Ivo Stang.
Let's give Bice Rose a round of applause.
What makes Bob holla, what makes Bob holla?
When I ask Bob here.
explained this way. And he said, well, when a little sweetie pie in a misker twirls by
and rolls those big blue eyes, oh, I holler. And when some pretty chick says she loves my
fiddle legs, well, now then, that can do the trick. Oh, I holler. Slack makes Bob holler.
You can find pictures and videos of X Day at the Facebook page called X Day 2021.
One of the first events was an impromptu jam, which had Reverend Pease and Reverend Fid
Chooley on vocals. They were also co-organizing the festivities with Dr. Fox of Hypercube
and Rutenberg on bass, and I forget on drums. I may have to edit this for the broadcast radio version.
But it was nice of you.
My name's Bill. I'd like to be a subgenius too. Here's my $35. Can you tell me what to do?
Tell me what to do, Bob. Tell me, tell me, tell me, Bob. Tell me, tell me, tell me now.
Bob, how come nobody thinks I'm funny and cruel yet? I paid my $35. I thought everybody was going to think I was funny and cruel.
This isn't fair. They're all laughing at me. They're all laughing at me. What the f**k? What did I do, Pease?
Well, the first thing you did was try to join the church. It's a big f**k. You don't know what's good.
If you didn't know, you can't be funny. It doesn't matter anyway. None of us are.
No, that's not fair. I paid my $35. All of you, you literally have to be my friends.
Is he funny now?
I paid.
You, you, you, you, you all have to be my friends and you all have to think I'm super funny.
You have to think I'm funny. I paid for it. I have a card in my wallet.
Is this guy funny? I don't know. All I see is a bunch of honey on a show. Man. Go, go, go.
Gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme that swag. Gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme that swag.
Gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme.
Gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme.
Time control. Time control. Time control. Time control.
Bob never asks you to meet on the square. Bob never says that it's level here.
Bob always knows what's going down. Bob is a friend and he's coming around.
Do not fit. He'll be here. F**k the exit.
And it'd be clear. Gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme.
Gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme. Gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme swag.
Gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme gimme, gimme, gimme,
Gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme blog. Give me nonstop.

phys-u
phys-U
phys-U
phys-U
phys-U
gimme
gimme
Bob
peace
ину

what the fuck
oh
babe
ario
Aye, aye, aye, aye, aye, aye!
X-Day!
I left my whiskey in El Segundo!
El Segundo left his whiskey in you!
Oh!
...of all things, other humans, and we are content to call them kinks, can be satisfied by other things,
by games of power or accumulation of wealth, or simply by feeling that they got the best of everyone else.
The art of the deal, after all, is the art of the steal, the art of getting more of the other person's stuff than you should.
This is also called making a profit. And to twisted minds, this is their idea of slack.
But it's not.
Just like all false slack, they keep jonesing and thirsting after more of it because it does not really satisfy.
Not like being able to tell a good joke and get a good laugh.
Eh, Reverend Stang, would you agree with that?
Oh, I would never disagree with that. Whatever you said.
We may not be funny, but we're trying to be funny.
And even the failure can provide humor, and the humor exudes slack into the atmosphere.
Well, one time when Philo and I were researching rival cults, before we put together the pamphlet for Bob,
we went to the trouble of, well, we studied the direct mail advertising of the Scientologists, the Masons, and all kinds of more obscure cults.
Hell, there is!
And we went to an Eckhankar meeting in Dallas.
They're fairly typical New Age theosophy-derived descendants of the Alice Bailey teachings and so forth.
Bunch of looney tunes and woo-woo stuff.
Not Johnny-ed.
They, um, their meeting was pretty solemn.
The Dallas Eckhankar people were, there was probably about thirty people there.
And there's some ladies that were...
kind of running things, and they were speaking worshipfully of their leader, Sri Darwin Gross.
He was the, uh, he was the main guy at that time.
Sri Darwin Gross.
And they had a picture of him on their pulpit, their lectern-type thing.
And just at the moment that she was going,
and then there is him, he, who needs not be named, but yet he is Sri Darwin Gross.
The picture fell off the damper.
And the damn lectern!
That was funny.
Did it reveal another picture underneath it?
If only.
Oh, yeah.
Philo and I could barely contain ourselves.
Uh, and that, that did improve the Eckhankar lecture for us.
However, it happened to me one time.
I started getting a little bit too serious about Bob.
It was one of those times when,
oh, somebody gave me some drug or something before I went on stage.
Coffee or beer or something.
And I, I got, I wasn't, I didn't do my usual thing.
I got a little too serious about,
ecology, and you can destroy the planet and all this.
And the picture of Bob, it was a really big one right behind me, fell to the ground.
And I realized I'd let Bob down.
It was me letting Bob down because it wasn't funny.
God damn it.
Well, Bob heard you when he wanted to jump down and be the first thing to jump down.
And he wanted to be destroyed, uh, with the rest of the planet.
Yeah, I'm lucky the whole station collapsed on me.
That has happened to some Bobbies.
It is strange how that works out.
As if there's some master ironist at work.
The imminent will that stirs and urges everything and plays mean pranks.
Yeah, in case any of your Bob's are listening, you guys are really cool.
Thanks.
My mom tunes in regularly.
People, yeah.
Preaching hellfire and damnation.
Will you guys say hello to Andy Goodman for me?
When we see her, we'll say hello to her for you.
Okay, thank you very much.
And don't forget, some people come to the show and just watch TV.
And then they say, all three of my brains are somewhat disconnected.
Then they say, phew.
And then they go, Slack, attack.
They have their emotional brain, their intellectual brain.
Attacks on Slack.
Oh, I see.
There we go.
Okay, now what is he saying?
Attack on Slack?
He wants an attack on Slack.
No, no, no, no.
The press administration is trying to develop a new tack on Slack.
Oh, a new tack on Slack.
A new tack on Slack.
Yeah, he's talking about Slack is just overused, overused.
He wants to have a new tack on Slack itself.
I thought he was saying attacks.
I'd like a tax break on Slack myself because we never get enough Slack.
Well, sir, I'll tell you right now, the Church of the Subgenius does not tax any of its members.
We don't believe in tax.
Tax is anti-Slack.
Very good, very good.
I'll have to buy more brochures and hand them out.
All you need is your $30 donation.
I am a member, thank you very much.
Oh, good, good.
I promise you going forward in this administration, we will, read my lips, have no taxes in the Church of the Subgenius.
There he's doing some liquid Slack right now.
That's a promise.
And I can keep that promise.
It's one I'll not break like I normally or sometimes have been known to have to do.
Right now it's 7.20 in the morning in Knoxville.
College of hard knocks.
So, yes, we will be, I think I'm going to put out my platform.
On my website very shortly.
My platform for administration of the Church of the Subgenius into the next 100 years.
Wow, that'll be cool.
And you can rest assured that in this church your taxes will only go down below zero.
We may even pay you money to join this church in the future.
A tax rebate.
A Slack tax rebate.
A Slack tax rebate.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
An anti-Slack tax rebate that gives you a hedge against the future Slack attacks against you.
I can see it now.
You don't know when they're going to be coming, those Slack vampires that will be coming around each corner.
You'll be slurking and lurking along and there when you least expect it.
Slack attack.
Slack attack.
And now you'll be with your special secret anti-Slack tax rebate.
From the Church of the Subgenius.
You can flash that anti-Slack tax rebate and defer that horrible attack against your Slack in such a way as to cause the monstrous intrusion to completely dissipate.
Many Flacks are wary of enacting the anti-Slack attack tax.
And yet...
Yes, we're going to try to be an example.

For all administrations around the world.
For all men.
And what is this whole thing about gay marriage?
In the Church of the Subgenius, we believe that any kind of creature should be able to marry any other type of creature without state sanction.
Ah, creature comfort.
I could be married to you right now.
We're over the airwaves and we don't even know it.
And who do we need the state to sanction that anyway?
Certain things like...
Was that a stake sanctioned? Like a teeth on a stake?
The Subgenius ministers have been marrying people for years.
We've married groups of people to each other.
We've married things to each other.
With short duration marriages.
Right, through the Universal Life Church.
No, through the Church of the Subgenius.
No, through the Church of the Subgenius.
Yeah, you don't need to have any...
When I got my kids from the Church of the Subgenius, it says I was an affiliated minister for the Universal Life Church.
We just say that to make people feel good, but you know, we've been giving up our own ordinations for thousands of millennia.
Oh, I love it.
Is it true that Bob is either coming or going, but he's like somewhere in between, like in quantum physics or something?
In a state of indeterminacy.
Well, it is true and not true at the same time, believe it or not. That's kind of a hard concept to address.
No, it is.
It's actually very... I mean, from what else I've read, it seems like it makes perfect sense.
He's sort of in between... he balances on the interstitial range between the two counterclockwise vortices of slack.
Bob is alive and well in the jungles of Indonesia.
Those are counterclockwise opposite turning vortices separated only by a small interstitial range of slack.
I'll take you down down to Indonesia.
On top of which Dobbs dances for your pleasure.
This city known as Bob's Town, that little place called Dobbs Town. Come along with me down to Subgenius Land.
Yes, in the secret language of subgenius symbology, we speak to the lesser creatures living close to nature that the ancients felt all things to be interconnected in an intricate web of being.
Nature's natural.
And there the 60 sack of hogs went on and on.
We're going to finish this work in just a little bit and then we'll give you your regular programming back.
I'm shaving Hal's pelt right now.
Ooh, it feels so good.
How much yeti is Hal?
Hal, are you at least 80, 90 percent yeti, right?
I'm afraid so. The physical tropisms are...
I could celebrate your yeti heritage, man. It's cool.
Unmistakable.
Do you ever wax your pelt?
No, that would be excruciatingly painful.
I've waxed my pelt a few times.
What is the issue with that mental state which lets you meditate better?
California.
The Puzzling Evidence Show from KPFA Berkeley, long ago but still fresher than tomorrow's headlines.
This is the Hour of Slack from Church of the Subgenius. See subgenius.com for details.
That's subgenius.com.
And now, recorded live at 24X Day, the band called Rubik's Pube.
That's Rubik's with an X, Pube.
They drove to Florida all the way from Pennsylvania.
Praise Bob!
I can't live by myself anymore.
I need some help from my big brother.
His old is listening and he's awful good at watching me.
And I think he'll watch me forever.
And nobody wants to listen to whoever says anything.
That's just wild.
Oh!
A few days later, a safe resolution.
An hour later, deuces stop by.
Well, that's it.





So, Asha, why don't you play whatnot?


We're running.
Can you play anything that make you feels like alcohol?
I don't want to be a part of your plan
Doesn't mean I'll do the things that you can
You're giving me an anxiety
I don't want to be part of the man
Said he's doing me no harm
But the things that he does
Takes a fucking life
I don't want to be a part of your plan
Doesn't mean I'll do the things that you can
guitar solo
Bye, bye, bye
Hey, wait, I'm getting a no-go signal.
Now I'm losing one of the craft.
Hey, Bermuda, you getting it?
I'm off-contact.
A lot of dust blowing up there.
Okay, they're calling those two little peewee dogs
or the pumpkin birds, I think they're calling them now.
Can anybody hear?
Okay.
Come in, come in.
No, I'm sorry, the Red Seed is...
We lost the Red Seed.
