Texas and we're back.
Listen to the subgenius.
Our house.
What?
When people get paranoid,
even though there may be some justification to it,
and that is the feeling develops for a long period of time.
Society's against you,
that they regard you as an enemy,
that, you know,
after a while that can generate with you
returning hostile feelings.
If they felt they feel that they're acting
under God's inspiration or whatever,
then anything's possible.
We'll have to wait and see if this plays out.
Now, despite that evaluation,
workers have to be smarter,
which is what corporate leaders tell us,
but the workers also have to be dumber.
That is, jobs are being smartened up and dumbed down.
For every new job for a computer programmer in New York,
for example,
there are about 14 jobs for cashiers.
The cashier's cash register in most of the fast food organizations
takes about nine minutes to learn
and they want to cut it down to seven.
And the less math you know, the better.
There are no numbers on the keys.
If you're smart enough to spot a French fry on site,
you're smart enough to work at McDonald's.
So at the time the schools are trying to increase their standards,
there's an incredible array of jobs and services
that require almost no education at all.
Oh, yes, dear Frenzy.
Where in the days of youth forever mixed in mine,
now, ere the compline hour of being alone
at hands itself,
and a puff or so before we yield
our spiritus to the wind.
And there goes that wind,
and we brought in a big bucket,
a shovel,
and we brought in a big shovel.



You see him here being lifted up to the door of the station.
And it's once again, dear friends,
the subgenius radio ministry hour of Slack.
Ah, yes, and this is your host, Reverend Ivan Stang.
Will O'Dobbs is here,
co-engineering and ready at,
if this storm doesn't put out the electricity,
to take your calls here at the station in Dallas
only between nine and ten o'clock on Sunday nights,
Central Standard Time.
8-2-3-7-4-9-0.
Yes, it's a big bag of show tonight, dear friends,
because, well, as we approach the new year,
we'll do the...
Since everybody else is doing their decade roundup,
we'll be looking at the new decade,
the last decade,
the X-Decade,
during the next couple of shows.
Eventually, you'll learn Dob's predictions
for the coming New World Order
and the terrible tribulations coming up in between.
But we'll begin looking ahead by looking back.
Also, you'll be hearing some clips
from some live subgenius,
some revivals,
a wonderful new Papa Joe Mama sermon
that will touch your heart,
and other marital aids,
audio marital aids you can stick in your ear.
What do you want?
You want information.
You won't get it by hook or by crook.
We will.
We will.
We will hurt you.
Because the truth hurts, dear friends.
Looking back,
over,
the lovely 80s,
the ugly 80s,
I suppose you could say,
in 1980,
there was no AIDS
and no crack.
Rock Hudson was a he-man.
There were very few homeless.
There were few, if any,
video recorders,
home computers,
answering machines,
fax machines,
compact discs,
self-published fanzines,
independent casinos,
set bands,
or microwave ovens, for that matter.
The Russians lost a nuclear reactor.
We lost a space shuttle.
And Bhopal, India lost 3,000 residents.
Africa lost a few hundred million residents.
The whole planet lost a lot of ozone layer and rainforests.
And there was a kid that got a baboon heart and died.
And L. Ron Hubbard died.
And J. Allen Hynek died.
And Marshall McLuhan died.
And Huey Newton died.
And Colonel Sanders died.
And the Shah of Iran and the Ayatollah both died.
And Dian Fossey and Emperor Hirohito died.
Sugar Ray Robinson died.
And Charles Adams died.
And Desi Arnaz died.
And Hugh Perry died.
And Boma died.
Mel Blanc died.
John Carradine died.
And Salvador Dali died.
And Buckminster Fuller died.
And Lightning Hopkins died.
And Graham Chapman died.
And Moe Howard died.
And Jay Ward died.
And Cary Grant died.
And Robert Curtis died.

Heinlein, Sergio Leone, John Lennon, Bob Marley, Juan Miro, Vic Morrow, Vic Morrow,
Roy Orbison, Sam Peckinpah, Slim Pickens, Anne Rand, Peter Sellers, Kate Smith, Francois Truffaut,
Peter Tosh, Andy Warhol, Muddy Waters, Jack Webb, Johnny Weissmuller, Orson Welles,
Wally Walsh,
Greg Irons, Vaughn Bodie, Dave Sheridan, Mae West, J.R., Bob Dobbs.
A few thousand species and a lot of oxygen.
Bummer.
On the other hand, friends, there were gains.
The populations of several Central and South American tar paper shantytowns rose to 30 million each.
The Alaskan beaches.
Well, certainly, unified Africa has turned into beef, men, and could I say cows?

to make in 17 может seem terrace view spears times etc.
... well, then, you can raise them and you can have Anda taking

presupys and serving women and men to procure a Janga Tenggu Liberty 음악 competition.
Yet wood above.
That is not the case for relocated work.
It was not.."
vindictive soccer.
Some show!
Golly!
Okay, man.
I'm gonna kill myself.
Gee, that's no good.
Does anyone want to walk up and speak to the show mic?
Go for it.
Okay, you can find out what it's like for me to get on.
Go for it.
Church of the Subgenius is more than unmotivatable therapy.
Unmotivational therapy, that is.
Unmotivational.
It is.
No, that's true.
It is more than unmotivational therapy.
Because that just opens up the limits completely.
I mean, it could be anything.
It could be that armadillo dead on the side of the road that you had to watch.
It could be the discarded syringes washing up on those.
New Jersey beaches.
It could be the free syringes handed out to AIDS sufferers
to prevent them from spreading it further.
It could be the poor, pathetic bastards sitting in this room.
Where's all the hate?
It could be that body.
Don't you need to vomit your hate out into the little show deck?
You can't.
I mean, God, this thing's been running for 45 minutes.
And I ain't heard.
The only kind of hate I've heard was the church against its own members.
And that's sad.
That's a sad, pathetic thing.
How much money have we made?
Man, I hate the ulcers on the back of a tropical forest.
I hate it.
I hate everything that grows at the bottom of the sea that you can't see.
Just because we don't have the technology.
I hate those lesions that grow on the back of my ears when I don't wash enough.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it when blood comes out of my eyes.
I hate it.
I hate it when I tear my own hair out.
I hate it when I wake up in the morning and I crawl out of bed.
And I leave my bed with me.
I hate it when somebody comes up with a razor blade as I'm walking into work
at 8 o'clock.
And I wake up in the morning and they cut my britches.
And they fall on the ground and I'm standing there.
And I forgot to put on my underwear.
What about the poultry?
I hate it when Bob comes to my house with a garbage sack full of poultry claiming to be my in-law.
I'm not married.
I'm not married.
I hate it when Bob takes one of those...
...
...one of those big industrial ball bearings and makes it into a pot roast.
I hate it when I see the summer constellations arise in the middle of winter.
I hate it when I see the summer constellations arise in the middle of winter.
Praise Bob.
Look, one man's already on the floor spazzing me.
Spazzing me!
Oh, God almighty, I'm speaking in tongues.
Chug!
Big hands, dirty tongues.
Big hands, dirty tongues.
Man, I know what you mean about having that when you don't wash behind your ears.
Woo!
Here it's moved!
Sex and violence, sex and violence, sex and violence, sex and violence, sex and violence, sex, sex, sex, sex, sex, sex, violence.
Sex.
Now sex in magazines, sex on TV, sex in songs on the radio.
Sex.
The human body is a helpless receptor before the vast electronic hum and buzz of our world.
Commercials are aimed either at the stomach or at the genitals or sometimes at both,
as when the act of drinking a soft drink causes buttocks and breasts to rise before the drinker.
...
...
For it is to you, first born and first fruit of woe, to me, branded sheep,
pick of the waste or paper-bascal, by the tremors of thundery and olorin's dog-star.
Hello, friends, and welcome.
The sermon tonight is entitled, The Pain of Bob.
I want to begin tonight by asking a personal question, if you don't mind.
How many of you have ever been tortured?
I mean, really tortured?
Raise your hand if you've ever really been tortured.
Ha! It was a trick question.
If you've ever really been tortured, you wouldn't be able to raise your hand.
You wouldn't have any arms.
You see, real torture changes you for life, however short that may be.
Real torture is not something you can experience or forget or go back to the way you were before.
No one knows us more than our savior, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Bet you didn't know that, did you?
J.R. Bob Dobbs was regularly tortured.
And you probably don't know that.
You probably thought his assassination was the height of his pain.
Ha! Compared to torture, Bob's assassination was an orgasm of pleasure, total euphoria, complete bliss.
The tickling sensation one feels as a bullet ricochets through the body.
The sweet numbness of shock slowing the world down around you.
The warm, lazy feeling of swimming in your own blood.
You see, Bob's sacrifice wasn't that he died for us.
Dying was fun.
At least in comparison.
In comparison to his real sacrifice.
The sacrifice of life.
That's why we worship Bob.
Because he lived for us.
And it was torture of everyday life that Bob suffered for you and me.
And yet, even in the midst of that pain, Bob was not bitter.
The conspiracy strapped him down.
The conspiracy rammed bamboo shoots up his fingernails.
Jammed razor blades in between his toes.
Threw salt in his paper wounds.
And yet, Bob never requested divine intervention.
Instead, he rolled his eyes heavenward and whispered with failing breath,
Forgive them, Father.
Because I'm going to get even!
And friends, payback time is just around the corner.
And that's good news for all the subgenies who want to help Bob avenge the pain.
We've talked about X-Day.
We've talked about the trials.
We've even discussed the fate of the few fortunate enough to escape.
The final judgment.
But have you ever stopped to consider the sheer magnitude of the bureaucracy and red tape that must exist for the X's to carry out the judgment on those found guilty?
We're talking about millions of conspiracy dupes, accomplices, pink boys, and self-proclaimed normals.
And that's just the followers, mind you.
Let's not forget the leaders.
They're the ones that deserve special attention.
But will they get it?
After all, efficient as they are, can the X's be?
Will the X's really process some four billion earthlings and yet guarantee the extra time and attention to detail that those extra guilty deserve?
Probably not.
And that's where you and I come in, friends.
Because Bob needs us to help fulfill his holy covenant, his sacred promise to do unto those as they did unto him.
Now, when Bob promised to get even with those who tortured him,
he didn't just mean those handful of torture masters who were directly responsible for the torture.
He meant those who were directly responsible for his torture only.
Why, Bob cares for all the oppressed.
Not just the subgenies either, but anyone tortured for any reason.
Be it because of your religion, or what you think, or that you think at all.
It doesn't matter.
And don't let size fool you either.
Bob cares as much about the little guy as he does the big one.
It's just as important to Bob to get the child abuser as it is to get Edie Amin.
And just how does Bob propose to punish this scum of the earth?
Glad you asked.
Now, I don't know about you, but me, I'm a smoker.
Yeah, I know I shouldn't do it.
It's bad for my health, makes me smell, keeps me short of breath, etc., etc., and I keep meaning to quit.
But it does have one redeeming quality.
It gives me a little trademark, a greeting card, a, uh, I mean business card, if you will.
Something for me to give my clients so they remember me and all the excitement.
I like to take that cigarette, suck in a nice long, hard,
deep puff, get it nice and hot, and bury it in the subject's navel.
Oh, it'll hurt him.
Don't you think it won't?
That belly button is where life begun.
And there's a lot more than just sentimentality attached to it, trust me.
Now, after I've gotten their attention, I don't like to waste time with, you know, small talk.
Time is money, right?
That's one concept that conspiracy appreciates even when they're under the blade.
So I get right down to business.
I get me a bucket, and I get me some water.
Fill the bucket with the water and stick their head in it.
I hold them down.
I keep them down.
A little longer.
A little longer still.
Oh, they squirm.
They start to kick.
Watch out for those feet now.
They can buck you if you get in the way.
Make sure they're secured.
Up come the bubbles.
Keep them under a little longer.
And finally, lift them up by the scruff of the neck.
Now you got a subject you can work with.
He's cold, he's wet, and he's scared.
Now, he'll probably be the last one to admit it, but he's ready now for the pain of Bob.
Now, a lot of folks come up and stop me on the street.
And say, Father Jarmama, what do you recommend for the ultimate pain?
Hot poker?
Bowling water?
Dry ice?
Well, I tell them that stuff is fine and dandy, but let's face it.
We're not living in the dark ages anymore.
We've got electricity.
The power of power.
Now, don't start carping about energy crisis either.
Cost is not a factor here.
The best is none too good for these guys.
Which brings me to an important point.
Always keep a licensed physician on hand when you're using a doctor.
I'm a physician friendly Mr. Kilowatt.
That's for three reasons.
First and foremost, your own protection.
That's right.
Electricity is dangerous.
Accidents can happen.
People can get hurt.
And when they do, no delays.
Your doctor's right there.
Secondly, preservation of your subject.
You don't want him to die.
If you wanted him dead, you'd just take him out and shoot him.
But what would that make us?
Executioners?
Are we executioners?
No, we're debt collectors.
We're just balancing the books.
And believe you me, we're not doing anything to these folks that they haven't done to someone else.
These are professionals you're working with.
They've seen it all.
They've done it all.
And if you want their respect, you've got to act like a professional.
You've got to be efficient.
Which brings us to reason three for having a doctor.
He'll show you just when to back off, how to keep your subject alive, and more importantly, how to keep him conscious.
Don't be afraid to use them for this.
That's their job.
That's what they're paid for.
That's what they went to seven years.
That's what they went to medical school for.
But now you're all set.
You've got everything you need.
You've got your doctor.
You've got your patient.
And you've got your electricity.
Now, I'm not going to insult your intelligence telling you how to use electricity.
Anyone could hook up a lamp cord to an outlet and let it rip.
And I'm sure you already know that the tender parts are best.
The underarms, the bottoms of the feet, the genitalia.
Why state the obvious, right?
If you need any guidance, just follow your heart.
And remember what Bob said.
When it comes to torture, it is not about the money.
It is more blessed to give than it is to receive.
Herein is the word of Bob.
Praise Bob.
Amen.
Oh, praise Bob and amen to you, Father Joe Mama.
A marvelous, wonderful, inspirational moment.
You know, I consider Father Joe Mama to be, right now, to be the top king of subgenius preachers.
I really do.
I've been most impressed with that young man.
He's a young graduate of the Dobstown School for Preachers.
Dear friends, what you've been hearing here, let's see my little list.
Background music, a lot of it's been the Swingin' Love Corpses.
Also, a lot of the new collage bits that you'll be hearing more of,
and you've heard some of, like the Sex and Violence collage there,
is by, well, it's a mystery tape from radio station WHRW in Birmingham, New York.
There was no name attached to the tape.
A long, elaborate log, which was very helpful, and no human name, or even church name.
So, you got me.
But I believe now is about time to get back to...
...a very old one.
What?
Three different rockets from the first of the Hades.
The Jones Rock and the New Beatles.
Three hot-headed aliens from the States down in the South.
Aww.
Of course.
A special unit.
The Predictions.
Dear friends, or no, we're not gonna do the Predictions.
As I said, we have to work our way up to them.
These are Predictions in the background.
And I don't like those Predictions in the background.
They're confusing me.
There we go.
Actually, we're gonna continue with the...
...the 1980s Decade Roundup.
And that was an impressive list of dead subgeniuses, now wasn't it?
But, as we said, there were a few good things that happened.
We lost all those people, but the federal deficit grew.
In 1980, it was only $40 billion.
Can you believe it?
It's like three times that now.
Look, I can see it over there in the corner, growing bigger and bigger.
Now, there was a big economic boom, you know, we must be fair, where at least the rich got richer.
But then, you know, somewhere in the late 80s, everything sort of came crashing down on everybody's heads.
And when Reagan left office, all but the very richest ended up poor again.
And we all are getting the bill for the last 20 years of free love, drugs, pollution, waste.
And big business deals.
And of course, we're gonna have to pay that up, dear friends, in safe sex.
Burned out brains, wrecked immune systems, and stock market crashes, layoffs.
Although, probably, we'll weasel out of most of that and our kids will end up paying it, see?
But we'll be dead, so they won't be able to get revenge on us.
And there were other things on the bright side, too, besides that.
But, like, little Jessica, you know.

And, um, McClure.
And those three whales got saved.
And Princess Charles married Lady Di.
And there wasn't a world war with thermonuclear weapons that destroyed the world.
And the Church of the Subgenius went public.
We must not forget that now.
In 1980, went public.
And most importantly of all, probably, the King of Norway came to the Texas State Fair and, praise Bob, he was saved by doctors.
For Bob.
And there were tremendous cultural, artistic, and scientific advances.
Moonwalking was invented.
The breakdance craze, the skateboard craze came along.
The bankruptcy craze.
The invention of Prince and Michael Jackson happened in the 80s.
Shirley MacLaine and Nancy Reagan helped invent the New Age at its very best.
Halley's Comet failed to expose the Antichrist.
Crystals were discovered to be useful for healing.
For thousands of pinks.
Rap was invented.
Now where would we be without rap?
MTV.
Video games.
Rubik's Cube.
The Garbage Pail Kids. That was one of my favorites.
Yuppies were invented.
Boy George.
The TV show Dallas.
Mondale.
Rambo.
Saturday Night Live.
Quail.
Vanessa's.
Williams and White.
We Begin the Bombing in Five Minutes.
Devo.
Light Beer.
Tofutti.
Diet Plans.
Spuds McKenzie.
Morton Downey.
Jimmy Swaggart.
Jim Baker.
Oral Roberts.
Bhagwan Rajneesh.
Louis Farrakhan.
David Duke.
Jerry Falwell.
Earrings on Men.
Gold Chains.
More Pills.
False Slack.
The Strange and Terrible Saga, dear friends.
And here's a fast overview of the 80s.
The fastest overview that you'll ever get.
And when you're listening to this,
the patterns will become evident, finally,
as you listen,
and make the connections.
And at the end, dear friends,
it'll all make sense.
Believe it or not,
suddenly the curtains will fall
and the blinders will be stripped from your eyes.
And you'll realize that we didn't have to
dobbs up this little history of the 80s very much,
because it already sounded like a satire from hell.
So, in 1980,
Subgenius pamphlet number one was printed.
Castro started sending us 100,000 of his undesirables.
Rhodesia turned into Zimbabwe.
The rescue mission to save the Iran hostages fails,
even though Ali North is helping them.
Success might have meant re-election for Carter.
The Persian War started. Solidarity started in Poland.
Duarte becomes president of El Salvador in 30 years.
Thousands of people disappear.
The deal is nearing completion.
Bummer.
1981.
The minute Reagan becomes president,
Iran releases the hostages.
The deal is clinched.
The Gang of Four is deposed in China.
Israelis bomb an Iraqi nuclear power plant.
A Turk with KGB and CIA connections tries to kill the Pope.
Greece and France go socialist.
Bummer.
1982.
Sandinista's suspended.
Iran is bound to all civil rights in Nicaragua, blaming the US.
Israel invades Lebanon, trying to rough up Palestinians.
Britain beats Argentina.
With Israeli permission, Christians massacre Muslim refugees in Beirut,
where we start sending troops.
Solidarity outlawed in Poland.
Argentina slaughters thousands suspected of anti-government activity.
Bummer.
1983.
That was a short year, actually.
Reagan calls Russia an evil empire.
Contras invade Nicaragua from Honduras, funded by the US.
Muslims bomb US embassy and marine bases in Beirut.
Soviets shoot down Korean Airlines jet.
Israeli Prime Minister Begin replaced by Shamir.
US liberates Granada from Cubans.
Book of the subgenius, published.
1984.
Bob Dobbs assassinated.
Bummer.
Navy pilot captured by Syrians is released after efforts by Jesse Jackson.
Duarte defeats Roberto Bob Dobbson in Salvadoran elections.
Russia boycotts the LA Olympics.
A war between Hindus and Sikhs heats up in India.
Indira Gandhi killed by Sikhs.
Bhopal then happens.
All starting to fall into place for you yet?
Just hang in there.
Britain sells Hong Kong to China to take effect in 1997.
Desmond Tutu gets Nobel Peace Prize.
By the way, did you know that Mr. King,
the first American to ever make money selling weapons in World War I?
Bummer.
And before we can go on, dear friends,
with this enlightening overview,
we must hit you with this.
No?
If not that, then we'll try this.
1984.
1985.
Gorbachev becomes Ruski leader.
Reagan weeps at Nazi cemetery.
Hundreds killed in British soccer riots.
Palestinians hijack airplanes.
Sikhs bomb Indian jumbo jets.
517 killed in Japan Airlines crash.
Thousands killed in Mexico City earthquake.
Thousands killed by volcano in Colombia.
Reagan and Gorbachev start having summits.
First hour of Slack show broadcast.
Palestinians bomb airports.
Bummer.
1986.
Libyans bomb Americans in Rome and Vienna.
Baby Doc Duvalier exiled from Haiti.
Ferdinand Marcos exiled from Philippines
when popular revolution supports Cory Aquino,
whose husband Marcos had killed.
UN Secretary General Kurt Waldheim revealed to have been Jew-torturing Nazi.
Maybe.
US bombs two Libyan cities.
Trying to kill Muammar Gaddafi.
Unfortunately, only 15 Libyans are killed.
Chernobyl nuclear power plant explosion goes unreported by Soviets
until Sweden detects the radiation.
Bummer.
1987.
Arabs kidnapping Americans in Middle East.
Iraqi jet accidentally bombs US ship in Persian Gulf.
US Navy escorts Kuwaiti tankers through Gulf as protection against Iranian attacks.
Haitian elections cancelled after terrorism by deposed dictator supporters.
Palestinian Intifada uprising begins in Israeli occupied territory.
Bummer.
1988.
Civil wars and ethnic riots within many Soviet republics.
US reneges on deal with Panamanian dictator Noriega.
Reagan visits the evil empire.
US ship accidentally shoots down Iranian airliner.
Pakistan's leader assassinated.
Thousands die in Hurricane Gilbert.
Shroud of Turin debunked for good.
Thousands die in earthquake in Armenia.
Hundreds die in Pan American Airlines bombing.
Bummer.
1989.
US shoots down two Libyan jets makes threats regarding Libyan chemical weapons plant.
Ayatollah issues death bounty on Salman Rushdie whose book I wouldn't otherwise have just started reading.
It's sorta corny but sorta cool at the same time.
Soviet Union lies about leaving Afghanistan.
Right wing president elected in El Salvador.
Soviet Communist Party starts undergoing upheavals towards reform.
But pro-democracy movements start in China.
Hungary and Poland.
Succeeds only in Poland.
And Hungary.
Japanese prime minister resigns after scandals.
Noriega fixes elections in Panama.
Colombia cracks down on drug cartels while US declares war on drugs and incidentally anybody else abnormal.
Satanism hysteria causes decay of freedom of speech and religion in the US.
Subgenius books selling better than ever.
Vietnam withdraws from Cambodia.
Czechoslovakia.
Hungary.
Hungarian.
East German Communist government.
The German government's collapse.
And finally, Hour of Slack show number 212 broadcast at this moment.
Bummer.
Told you it was all gonna make sense in the end, didn't I?
Wasn't lying, eh?
This is Humphrey with the lissus distillin', exploits and all.
But toms will till, I know he will.
Tampon chamber will hiss for no man.
As you spring, so shall you neap.
Oh, the routin' of the world.
The beauty of rap.
Minks and marriage and making love.
Reeve Guthrie and the cut of him.
And the...
Wow.
I admit the men and the birds of the world do more than the boys and the parents.
How can I control my own feelings?
I swear to God.
It's funny but it's...
It was a funny show.
It kind of went downhill.
Especially this sentence.
This sentence just wasn't as funny as it should have been.
Okay, ran along and...
Just a little bit this way.
Just to tell you...
No, I'm just kidding.



I'm just talking to my back this way.
Okay, now.
Now.
Yeah.
But we're not trying to say that we just go on and on about it.
It's not a me show.
Yeah, like we sit here and take pictures of ourselves on the air or anything.
We just talk about something that didn't make any sense.
It's not like that kind of me show.
Just talking about just going on and on about it.
Yeah, thank you.
It's not just the me generation these days.
It's the gimme generation with these kids.
I've never seen such a bunch of greedy kids.
I mean, I think it shouldn't be the me decade as long as it's me they're decading.
I mean, I think it shouldn't be the me decade as long as it's me they're decading.
Uh-huh.
Decade.
Take him.
Yeah, they're winding, see.
Decade.
Decade.
Yeah, Mamma's little baby does love short-name, Brad.
Oops.
Oh, okay.
I went to the doctor.
The doctor said, feed that child on short-name.
Mamma's little baby loves short-name, short-name.
Mamma's little baby loves short-name, right.
Mamma's little baby loves short-name, short-name.
Mamma's little baby loves short-name, short-name.









And the audience loves it.
At least my mind is still okay.
Mind, least, still, I have.
Okay, here we go.
Now Jader's going to balance seven foot miles on the tag
as he slides down that giant laser blade
into a tub of live fur.
Still, mind, have, least, still.
Have, I, mind, still, have.
Mind, least, still, have.
What? What? What?
The least on my mind?
What's the meaning of the word meaning?
What's the meaning of the word word?
What's the meaning of the word the?
What do we mean by me?
What do I do?
My name is Suburban.
Pick the mimic, I'm the sock, the boondling lady.
Do the, I do, I do.
Yee-haw.
I was epistemizing.
I'm the puppy, drop to some toes.
The caller's really getting into the swing of things.
Call a condola.
Keep those donations flowing.
I swear, folks, to send all your money to Dr. Hell, care of this station,
and if you have any left over for Jane or Hypercretes, send it to me.
Here on the show.
And remember, there's still time to make fast prats to that snack bar.
There's ten minutes until showtime is over.
You are about to experience a fully subterraneous show.
Come on, give me a break, people.
So, sit back, relax, and enjoy our presentation.
Can I get some popcorn? Time to get a hot dog?
Time to stretch.
Go, man, go. Dig that thing.
Father time is limping toward the refreshment stand.
Only 45 minutes until showtime.
How about a soft drink?
All colors.
Hey, how about a hot tamale?
Hot corn.
Coffee?
Hear it all the time.
Pista, pizza, pizza, pizza.
Only 50 hours until showtime.
You couldn't get a better car than this, baby.
And it's going, it's getting further and further away.
Yeah, go, go, go.
Go, go, go.
Go, go, go.
Rock missing.
It is the number one.
Tool being used with the devil.
Rock music sets itself above God.
Now listen, we are programmable.
The devil knows how to program you.
The devil has programmed two generations of young people for absolute total destruction through his music.
Now, the devil wouldn't be the devil if he didn't have music.
The big sound.
The big sound.
You know what they said in Syracuse, New York, when they were going to have a concert?
The police chief said it's not the violence I worry about as much as the nudity.
Dancing.
Dancing.
Nudity.
Violence.
Dancing.
Dancing.
Nudity.
Violence.
Young people are killing themselves at a rapid rate.
I believe much of it has a result of rock music.
Our homes.
Our homes have been torn down.
The walls of purity have been torn down.
Morality in general has been put in the sewer because of rock music.
These gods.
That's supposed to get you all nervous and jerky.
Because it can make us feel relaxed.
It can make us feel scared.
Isn't that interesting?
You'll notice they don't play the Tennessee Waltz in a Halloween fling.

Now, would you agree with me that there's patriotic music?
Yes.
Would you agree with me there's funeral music?
Yes.
Would you agree with me that there's scary type music?
Yes.
Would you agree that there's relaxing type music?
Yes.
Matter of fact, there is also boogie type music.
Boogity boogity boogity boogity boogity.
And now, here's Johnny!
Ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country.
Here is a bulletin.
Here is a bulletin.
What is it?
Stand by, please.
Stand by, please.
In Dallas, Texas.
It appears as though something has happened in the motorcade route.
In the motorcade route.
It is me.
I'm me later.
Three shots were fired.
Three.
Put me on, Bill.
Put me on.
Three.
Put me on, Bill.
Put me on.
Three.
President Kennedy has been seriously wounded by this shooting.
Stand by, please.
Stand by, please.
More details just arrived.
Mrs. Kennedy jumped up.
She called, oh, no.
Oh, no.
The energy.
Oh, no.
The faith.
Oh, no.
The devotion.
Oh, no.
The motorcade sped on.
The world is very different now.
Something has happened here, we understand there is been a shooting.
Something has happened here, I can see many, many motorcycles.
I can see many, many motorcycles, this is Kennedy's pink suit.
Something has happened here, many, many motorcycles, this is Kennedy's pink suit.
Something has happened here.
Something is wrong here.
Something is terribly wrong.
More details just around.
Mrs. Kennedy jumped up.
She called, oh, no.
Oh, no.
The energy.
Oh, no.
The faith.
Oh, no.
The devotion.
Oh, no.
The motorcade sped on.
It's, it's, it's the idea.
Flash.
Apparently official.
The flash.
Apparently official.
President Kennedy died at 1 p.m. Central Standard Time.
Time.
Time.
Time.
Time.
Time.
We dare not forget today that we are the heirs of that first revolution.
There is a prisoner.
There is a prisoner.
Wearing a black sweater.
Do you have anything to say in your defense?
Oswald has a shot.
Oswald has a shot.
Jack Ruby.
Jack Ruby.
Jack Ruby.

Ruby.
He runs the carousel club.
Here is the ambulance.
More details just arrived.
Mrs. Kennedy jumped up.
She called, oh, no.
Oh, no.
The energy.
Oh, no.
The faith.
Oh, no.
The devotion.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
The motorcade sped on.
More details just arrived.
Mrs. Kennedy jumped up.
She called, oh, no.
Oh, no.
The energy.
Oh, no.
The faith.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.


Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
The motorcade sped on.
Thanks, Bill.
Oh, dear friends.
That was, I know you want to know who did that.
That was done by, according to the log that came with the mystery tape, from which I got
that.
It was done by, it's called The Motorcade Sped On by Steinsky and the Mass Media.
If you know anything about who Steinsky and the Mass Media is, please let me know.




I'm going to call the station here.
I'm going to speak to Will O'Dobbs itself.
Will himself.
I don't know why I say that.
Will is very definite.
Him.
Yeah.
I mean, go to Horn Inn on my territory.
There's a whole heap of bird dog-head stuff where I'll be taken away from you.
At 823-7490.
And it was, see, there was one.
You can hear it.
Oh, yeah.
He's a little bit off.









You can hear him there in the background.
And what a historical show.
We're going to pop back over here to Berkeley for a second for the KPFA.
More than an hour, less than a show.
Show puzzling evidence.
Dr. Hal Robbins and I believe special guest, Jane or I.
We shall never let our scalpels grow rusty except for the purposes of torture.
None of it's real.
Just remember, none of it is real.
There was a couple of sand.
There was behind us.
Is what I'm saying live or is this a tape?
What you're saying is live, but we're thinking of taking a rockin' away break.
Hmm.
But you don't rock it away, do you?
I don't what?
You don't rock it away, do you?
Well, if this is a tape, just turn me off.
That'll be $44.67.
Thank you.
Come again.
Part two of Show Puzzling.






Show.
You have now reached part two of your hour of slack show tape.
You may now continue.
Proof.
Proof that the brain is nothing more than an alien parasite that infests the human body
shortly before birth.
No, it is not the brain.
Rather, it is the pipe.
Pipe the pipe.
Pipe the pipe.
Pipe the pipe.
Pipe the pipe.
Pipe the pipe.
Pipe the pipe.
Come at you, crack.
Crack into the crack.
Crack into the crack.
It's easy for you to say.
Now, when you meet Bob Dobbs on the highway, will you really kill him?
Will you have it in your heart to walk up to that man, Bob?
That man who hates you so much?
That man you love to hate so much.
Walk up to Bob and just...
End it all?
I didn't do it.
Would you really do it?
I had to stop and pick him up off the side of the road and give him a ride wherever he wanted to go.
I was compelled to do so.
I'm sorry.
We're killing my engine!
We're killing it!
I pushed the pedal down but my engine wouldn't run.
The gas wasn't going to it.
Man, you know that's why we were born with organic baseball bats?
For it's time to bash Bob over the back of his head with it.
You know that's why women are weaker than men.
Hey!
You're waiting on the pie.
Come on, you can do it.
You hate the pie.
I was too weak to kill him.
I fell under his spell.
I understand what you're going through.
What is this?
I'm creating a social!
Let's kill these wimps!
Kill them wimps!
Looks like we don't need steak.
Man, I'm going to chop these wimps into bits and pieces.
They don't stop sticking or something.
...fingernails into my head.
...in the middle of an end of earth.
...the world's going to be...
Oh, friends, that, uh, the lead hate-ranter there was, uh, at that fantasy fair revival was known as Nirvana Day.
We're wondering about...
Friends, we're out of here.
We're taking my probe, but we're in danger of losing the entire...
That was the other thing I wanted to say.
...manager of the church.
Ah, yeah, I don't care. As long as I get more of these...
We cannot run this ministry on love alone, children.
Give Wellman more show.
We could, but...
Keep him going.
...don't bring me down after reach down in your pocketbook's deep...
Maybe if we just sold everything we owned, we could stay on the air another day.
Those native girls are doing their wicky-wacky, ruck-eaty dance.
Wow, the Hubba Bubba Show or anything like that.
Wow, take a look at them.
You don't have to tell me that three times.
Look at them, you know, those are...
Look at them, look at them, look at them.
They say every gesture, every movement has a meaning of its own, and you can believe that.
Watchin' these whacked-out wackinies and...
My God, now they're...
My eyes have been glued to that one in the middle.
If I could only pull them off, that would be super glue or something.
Mama, by me death.
Not you, Bozo.
I was talkin' to the lady.
You're tellin' me. My eyes have been nailed to that one on the...
...end for the past 30 minutes.
Oh, your eyes are as big as your stomach's a heap.
You'll need a 30-pound claw hammer to get those incredibly painted out of there.
...unrestorated population made your eyes.
In our country, it is considered...
I'm no doctor, but I think you're gonna need a chainsaw to get your eyes back.
Hey, you don't need a chainsaw to tell which way the wind blows. See?
Hey, listen, I'm not in medicine. Maybe I could be a staple instead.
You're gonna need something to...
You're telling me my eyes have been stapled to that one on the far right for the past five light years.
...need to be needed.
Hey, I'm no MD, but you're gonna need a staple puller to leave this dance hall.
Yeah, you'll need to have that staple taken out of your navel. What do you think you are?
You're no MD, you're a dear.
Well, let's use this odd-
These days, everyone hears voices.
Oh, God, he's lost it.
Most of the punk rock's made on independent labels, right?
Okay, now, if you take the album out, and you look past the last song on a given side...
...in between the last song and the actual paper label on independent record companies...
...you've got to engineer a little stencil, a little message...
...from anything from Happy New Year to Your Brain is Wasted.
For some people, these voices don't even come from the outside.
They come directly out of their knees or the metal plates in their heads.
Five o'clock Sunday afternoon, and I'm stuck in a traffic jam that stretches 150 miles from here.
Now, let's get in one more call.
We talk, we read, we listen to Mozart sometimes.
Right now, I am coming in through your ears, which filter what I am saying up into your brain.
You know what I hate?
Say hate to what I'm saying.
I hate it when you say it.
I hate it when I'm playing with my fishing kit, and I get the fish hooks caught in my urethra.
That's the brain that's your approach.
So I take a pipe, and I shove it in there to make it bleed more.
Then I twist it, and I squirm it.
Then I take the pipe and put it in my mouth and suck out the frog.
And then I have to give a big shout.
And then I have to give a big shout.
And then I have to give a big shout.
So I have to give a big shout.
Then I take a pipe and call it slimy worms!
And they crawl into my brain, and I see a pipe in front of my face again.
And I eat it!
And then I turn into a worm!
And then somebody shoves a fish hook in my urethra.
Praise Nirvana Dave, dear friends.
I hate that too, man.
Well, see? Something happens. All you gotta do is bring Bob and just drag Bob into it.
The problem is the moon is in third conjunction with the fourth dysfunction of Mercury's opposite on the other side of the moon that we can't see.
He's not supposed to know that.
In fact, it's through the slack field Bob's pipe conjunctively blows outward instead of sucking in.
You're all in Bob's pipe. Every damn one of you is sitting in Bob's pipe right this minute.
Can't see the edges of the bowl right now. Can you?
If you could just see, if you could see, you'd see the edges of the bowl.
You'd see the bowl of Bob's pipe surrounding you.
You'd see the flames coming down, licking at your brain so he can inhale your brain.
And you'd see that you were floating in an ocean of ice cold pills.
But, oh, too blind. So many are so blind.
Well, it seems that Troop S. Cecilia has her own schismatic clench bowing down before her.
The iron clench, they call it.
That's right, kids. Reminding you that the father of the gods is fair and we shall all vanish without a trace.
I will!
In our stingy, merry, softened stroomings of hair,
part in them and soothe in horror and mingliness,
that was deep, dark, and ample like this green, white, blue.
I visited
The idée Patronin

If I did not know, what would you have learn?
And I said,
Forget it, I will not.
to give you the beginnings of the predictions series for the 1990s. And this time it's going
to take the form of investment advice from J.R. Bob Dobbs himself, channeled through
me, your host, Reverend Ivan Stank. Friends, those of you with money to burn, and if you
want to make money with money in the coming tribulation times, here are some growth industries
that are foolproof investments. These are industries that are going to pay you back
a hundredfold on your investments, dear friends. Number one, ice. Ice. You know, smokable methamphetamines.
You can definitely look for this industry to grow. Crack will be passe. Ice addicts
will make fun of people who are still nothing but wimpy old crack addicts. Number two growth
industry, drug rehabilitation.
Drug rehabilitation, especially of the religious variety, and in fact, number three investment
opportunity is religious cults in general. However, that ties for the number three place
best investment with lowbrow comedy oriented entertainment companies. If you can combine
the two, dear friends, you're going to be doing great. Number four investment opportunity,
medicine. Both conspiracy type medicine, like cancer treatment, for instance, like pain
painkillers, new painkillers, and also quackery, new age vitamin and nostrum sort of scams.
Number five, self-defense courses and security technologies and companies, especially electronic
security, locks, bars on the door. Number six, survivalist industries, training, supplies,
and arms. Number seven, illegal abortions. Number eight, home video and computer entertainment
systems, which require people to not leave the home. Number nine, law. Any kind of legal
services at all will be a big growth industry. Number ten, employment services, such as job
finders, and related to that, number eleven, family-sized cheap tents. Cheap tents, the
cheapest housing, but big ones, family-sized, old families living for the rest of their
lives in a good, well-made American tent. Number twelve, cheap bookshelves.
Riddle fiberglass broomsticks. This relates to a teenage fad that if you want to look
in your prescriptures in the Dateline for Dominance predictions in Book of the Subgenius,
which by the way has many more predictions than we're reading here tonight, and other
ones. These are unpublished ones. Number twelve, growth industry, water purifiers. Number thirteen,
air purifiers. Number fourteen, food sterilizers. Number seventeen, ozone replenishment devices.
Number fifteen, plastic surgery.
Number sixteen, high-tech police supply and surveillance device manufacturers. There's
going to be a lot of demand for that. Number eighteen, real estate in the far north and
arctic in preparation for the greenhouse effect, dear friends. And I think that was a beautiful
Swingin' Love Corps song hidden in the background under the rant. You'll just have to take my
word for it that it was fantastic and wonderful. And as we wait for the upcoming show, which
here in Dallas is the collector's showcase, but in other cities is insert show title here,
which is a great, great show. We just love it here in Texas. And so somebody was cutting
a phylo in the background. But we're going to hear phylo sing just to lift you out of
this. I know it's been interesting, this historic overview of the last ten years. And
I think there's a lot of good hints for investment opportunities in the future in the nineties,
at least up until 1998. Of course, your best investment, dear friends, is always going
to be a church of the subgenius membership card. And you can get information because,
you know, otherwise what's the rest of it worth? What is, really ask yourself, what's
the rest of it worth unless you have that membership card and gigantic package which
allows you to board the flying saucers of planes and air carriers. Another interesting thing,
pleasure when the men from Planet X come to take we subgeniuses away to some better world at the
end of the 90s. More on that later. And you can find out about those things by writing this post
office box I'm about to give. That's right. You can write to Bob, ask for free information from
Bob, Pox 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214. Once again, for those of you on drugs, that's an old joke.
Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214. And here's the swing and love courses with
their great friends, Bob and Bob.
Great new old hit, Pick a Booger. Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
