To feel this space we're in, to know its insanity, really know it.
Whatever your particular anesthetic is that you hold on to so desperately,
the thing, I mean, that makes you think you know who you are,
whatever that thing is you allow to keep you sane, your ace in the hole,
the psyche that keeps you from trying to guess at what your pimp has in store for you,
whatever keeps you from screaming out at this very moment,
in absolute and sheer horror, whatever that is, whatever that is, it's a lie.
It's a lie.
Give reality your brain, you fantasized son of Walt Disney, it's a lie.
An old off-the-street pimp's con game, the magic for turning human blood into U.S. steel,
the thing that seduces you into being satisfied,
pointing to the last tiny patch of flesh you have on your body,
the bone that's proof of your humanity,
and keeps you satisfied thinking yourself human because you live a fraction of a fraction of a fraction of a life.
I know you.
Because you live here in his space as I do, are his image and play his game on each other,
thinking it's your own.
I know you.
You can't live in an insane asylum, play an insane game with a madman, and be objective.
Brother, ho, at least prostitutes get paid.
Yeah.
Yes, while you pin your hopes, your sanity, and most of all your individuality on that rickety old con game, a web of words.
What?
While the master pimp helps you paint your individual death wish in your head.
Bob's gonna help you out.
Feel who you are.
Bob's gonna help you do that, Fred.
Bob's gonna do it.
Bob's gonna help you feel for a split second what it's like to have the living geese shocked out of you.
Feel for a split second what it's like to have the living geese shocked out of you.
The Soap Genius Hour of Slack.
Abandon all hope, ye who enter here.
This is Dad's new Slack. It's 11 o'clock right now.
We're having a great time tonight, aren't we, Dad?
So what are we still standing around here for?
Where do you want to go?
Well, how about out of here for starters? I gotta get my wife and my kids.
We're still on alert, Billy.
Oh, I'm not loving this.
Stop strugging so hard, buddy.
Did you just say, you got stuck?
Yeah, they're having a fun time out here.



That bitch's just nothing but a little unpreserved crack-in.
Just a few hos in her hoes and a big hos in her hoes, old, worn-down polished gold-hose
suspension cord, old, worn-down polished gold-hose suspension cord,

your interest in the land.

Be aطa.

Don't worry about a crap, Gitions destructive show.
Best of luck to you, the show.
Thanks.
Dead or...
Sorry, I need dead.
I need separate.
Uh, yes, dear friends, a little bit of Janer and Sterno there,
a little bit of Dad's new slacks,
and we got just a little bit of everything once again
in this ugly, ugly show, and a crazy show.
Yes, that's right, it's going to be the crazy people this time.
And can I produce a one-hour show in two hours?
That's the question, and I think the answer is yes,
because, you know, if nothing else, I can always...
This is a subgenius show.
I could pick up...
Here, look, I could pick up the Weekly World News.
You know, when was the last time we utilized the Weekly World News
for what it's good for?
By the way, this is Arnold Mathis in the background,
one-man synthesizer band.
I mean, we could...
There's lots of new subgenius-oriented material available,
but one...
You know, every now and then you just have to stop
and think about the bulldada that is available
just in everyday life at the newsstand.
I picked up last week's Weekly World News at the supermarket
because it had a nice picture of the Loch Ness Monster
beached and dead on a beach
with a big crowd of people looking at it.
It was kind of a sad story about how Nessie had died
like a beached whale.
And I was checking out there at the supermarket,
the Piggly Wiggly, or Safeway Gateway, or wherever I was,
and I said,
I said, boy, you know, computer art programs
have been the great boon for these types of magazines.
I was pointing at the picture,
and the fella who sacks the groceries,
this little...
old man, you can tell he's kind of slow.
He's a little more slow than the rest of us.
He actually does everything a lot slower.
He said, yes, and you know, it says in that article
that she was 1,500 years old.
And I said, oh, well, what I meant was the article,
I mean, that photograph was fake.
It's real easy to fake photos like that.
But then I felt so bad about that, you know.
It's such a dumb thing to say to that guy
because he still didn't get it.
But anyway, I was looking through another issue
of the Weekly World News,
and, you know, you'll run into things
that somehow sync up with subgenius,
with the church of the subgenius,
where you're least expecting it.
Of course, the Weekly World News
or similar tabloids are a great place for that.
But I happened to pick this one up,
and here was a beautiful,
beautiful article by Ed Anger.
You know, Ed Anger is like the right-wing prank
of the Weekly World News,
except that he's, well,
he's perfect, man.
I mean, he's great.
I opened it up to the My America Ed Anger page,
and here's a picture of Arnold Palmer,
or rather the satanic imitation
of the true bleeding head of Arnold Palmer,
this so-called golfer man,
this full-bucket,
bodied individual who does Pennzoil commercials on TV.
And, you know, I mean, it makes me sick.
But anyway, here's this article entitled
Forget It!
Now, I can tell I need to pull the volume down
a little bit on my mic,
because you have to get loud when you're being Ed Anger.
And it says here,
I'm madder than Arnold Palmer with a bent putter
over a story I just read out of North Korea.
Folks, it says the commie country's
lard-butt-buck-toothed bozo of a leader,
Kim Jong-il,
claims he shot a world-record low score of 34
at a regulation 18-hole golf course.
Well, that's pure Korean bullcrap, my friends,
and I'm calling his bluff.
The Yellow Devils sent out a report
quoting the golf pro at Yongyang Golf Club
as saying that, quote,
our dear leader, Comrade General,
Jong-il, whom I respect from the bottom of my heart,
unquote, began his incredible round
with an eagle on the 370-yard par-4 first hole.
Yeah, right.
For those of you who don't know horse patookie about golf,
Jack Nicklaus gets about one eagle a year.
Then, according to the report picked up by Golf World magazine,
esteemed leader Kim went on to shoot a 38 under par 34,
which included five holes in one
and nothing worse than a bird.
That means this fat little toad beat the world record
professional golf score by 20 shots.
That's like saying he beat Shaquille O'Neal
in a slam dunk contest,
and no sawed-off little dictator is going to outstuff Shaq,
that's for sure.
Let's face it, this little chink is full of rice balls,
and I'm not gonna sit here and take it.
Golf is as American as baseball and apple pie by Jiminy,
and the only foreigners
who ever played halfway decent were the Scots,
who took the game back to their country
during the American Revolutionary War.
So it makes me pig-biting mad to hear this pipsqueak potentate
is claiming he can beat the best Americans around by a country mile
when anybody with a lick of sense knows he's lying.
Religious leaders say that golf provides a window to the soul.
So now we know what we're dealing with over there,
a third-rate golf champion.
Cheap, that's what.
So I've called on one of the legends of American amateur golf
to help me put this Kim clown in his place.
Raymond Phil Sr., who recently turned in an unbelievable 20 under par 52
on a course in Palm Beach, Florida,
has agreed to fly over there and play this poodle-eating midget
for $1,000 a hole.
For you golf nuts out there, Phil shot his dream round with no handicap,
and recorded two holes in one, and fell.
He's now a professional golf player,
and has won five Eagles while playing around with his son
and two of his minimum wage employees.
The caddie, his daughter-in-law, also signed a sworn affidavit
attesting to his score.
What this guy Kim doesn't realize is that Americans not only invented the game,
they were the first to cheat at it, too.
And next to this picture of Arnold Palmer here, it says,
golf legend Arnold Palmer wouldn't be caught in a game.

He's not dead playing with the cheating Korean leader.
Yes, friends.
You know, it's true.
Man, I mean, I'm telling you, these people,
they think you can go launch in the damn lips of George Washington
or the damn butt of Ed Anger on a Thursday
and just blow off launching the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer.
We lived next door to a space alien.
Well, that's a corny one.
Here's a good one.
The way you use the john reveals your personality.
Yeah, well, I am a subgenius.
And, oh, there was one other.
Oh, yeah, the bigger your head, the smarter you are.
Nice picture of Alfred E. Newman here.
Astonishing new study links skull size and IQ.
And I liked that one because, friends,
I wear a size eight and a half size hat.
But that ain't going to stop them from taking doctors for Bob,
hooking them up to my testicles,
and shocking the living gee out of me.
Listen to my tale, then.
But why, why are you calling me mad?
Could a mad man have written songs such as these?
I think not.
I'm not mad.
I'm merely an ordinary person seeking life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness.
My pursuit of happiness includes me.
Machine gunning 127 innocent children.
If that's mad, go ahead, lock me up.
Just because I enjoy washing my face in the blood of infants,
is that any reason to lock me up?
I think not.
I've even got a piece of paper that says my mind is still okay.
Hell, I bet that guy down at the employment agency
who wouldn't give me a job just because I've been locked up one time,
bet he ain't got a piece of paper that says his mind is still okay.
Hell, I tried to tell them it was not me.
It was the green energy demons, but they merely laughed at me.
But now those green energy demons are ruling the planet.
They're not laughing right so hard now, are they?
But that wasn't nearly as bad as that time they
shocked the living gee out of me.
I tried to explain it was not me.
It was the brain, the brain of Arnold Palmer,
which was controlling my mind via laser beam,
via the FBI, via the CIA, via the Communist Party,
via satellite.
It was the demon, the demon that forced me to do the deed.
But that wasn't nearly...
Dot, dot, dot.
But it wasn't...
I'm not insane.
I'm more sane than Son of Sam and Charles Manson put together.
How many people must I kill?
The world will prove I'm not insane.
But that wasn't nearly as bad as that time they
shocked the living gee out of me.
Well, I didn't mind when they shocked the living pee out of me.
In fact, I kind of enjoyed it when they shocked the living Zee out of me.
I mean, that time they ran over my face with a pickup truck.
Oh, yeah, that was fun.
That time they cut me in half with barbed wire
and then peeled the Band-Aid off my...
my amputated arm.
Oh, yeah, that was fun.
That time they skinned me alive and called me dirty names.
Whoo-ha! That was a big old cocaine party.
That one time they converted my entire body
to a wall of membrane whose only purpose was to feel pain.
No, that time they converted my entire body to a wall of membrane
attached to a human brain whose only purpose was to feel pain.
And then applied the flame.
Oh, yeah, that was fun.
That time they converted every cell in my body
to the same nerve endings found in male testicles,
enlarged each cell to the size of a sun,
and then inserted huge, sun-sized tennis drills
into each of these sun-sized male testicle cells.
Whoo-ha! That was a big old cocaine party.
That was the time of my life compared to that time
they shocked the living gee out of me.
Hell, I thought a frontal lobotomy was a warm fuzzy.
I mean, I'm a front...
I'm okay, you're a frontal lobotomy.
But it's all a very therapeutic process.
Hell, that time they put me in the room
where you don't get any of the good pills.
Then they had a needle that was so big
they had to lower me on top of it by helicopter
in order to anesthetize me.
And that was only the needle.
I'm not talking about the syringe.
And even that wasn't enough to put me out.
Then they hooked me up to that device.
I'm not talking about that A.C. device.
I'm talking about that D.C. device.
They had Jones' titty hooked up, too.
Then they applied the electrodes to my head.
I was still trying to explain to them how I wasn't insane.
I'm not a bad psychopath.
But hell, all that was fun, I reckon.
I guess you'd call that a good party
compared to that time they...
shocked the living gee out of me.
.
.
Ah, yes, yes, yes.
A classic old-timey subgenius song.
Some of you may have heard that one before.
Shocked the Living Gee Out of Me by Doctors for Bob.
That's Sterno on bass and Janer.
St. Janer Hypercletes of both of Little Rock, Arkansas.
Janer singing, if you want to call it that.
That's from the Doctors for Bob compilation album
that the Church of the Subgenius itself makes available.
So we'll have the information on where to get that information
later on in the broadcast when we're pimping.
It's normal for brothers to pimp sisters and wives
because their fathers pimped them.
Or for television stations to pimp their audiences
for perverted sponsors who whore for their own commercial.
No!
And until the authorities catch on,
even common normals can purchase the word of Bob itself in condensed form,
the legendary Book of the Subgenius,
available in bookstores everywhere.
Not to mention Revelation X.
But the only certain way to receive the Dobbs teachings in uncut form
is to tithe directly to the Church.
Well, you know, we can't be going telling you to send money.
It's a public supported station and so forth, you know,
because friends, we have to do everything,
whoa, cheap and free.
And, you know, one thing that's, well, it costs a little bit to get started,
but once you're on the internet,
well, you could go to alt.slack, the subgenius world,
and you can find brand new subgenius rants
such as this one here by Carl Maymer.
Who, Carl Maymer, surely he would not,
would he?
Unless he was hungry.
He'll thaw her out, freeze her.
But he says here that the normals, for all we know,
are working on forging a one world government.
Well, they are.
One world, one currency,
and maybe one giant pink planet.
They'll strip away the bureaucrats,
the lifetime city hall jobs,
different school boards,
and competing operating systems.
They'll bring peace to the Pepsi-Coke wars.
What?
Huh?
I'm not doing that.

I'm trying to clean up the mess
that people like you make out of them.
I'm the expert here.
You're not.
Really?
Really.
Marijuana is the flame.
LSD is the bomb.
So don't you try to equip liquor with marijuana, Mr. Nopper.
I love doing this show.
I never know what I'm going to hear on the background tapes.
At 4 o'clock in the morning,
and when he's getting up to his knees,
getting up to his pockets,
getting up to his pockets
and getting down to his back,


and can vanless him,
intend to turn out a sticker,
do a marijuana.
And you can double your money.
And you can double your money.
He'll be able to require a three-year leave.
So don't you con me with your money.
So don't you con me with your money.
This isや recall than on olог spoke with kids every day.
I've got paint up the mask.
I've got light fluid.
Doあります.
Go on, Dieben Right please.
This is you want to know about this,
go on.
Well, dear friends, as Arnold Mathis was saying in the background there,
they'll bring us peace.
Yeah, they'll bring peace to the Pepsi-Coke wars, the Avis Hertz wars.
They'll give us a beer that tastes good and is less filling.
They'll give us trips to Mars and cold fusion and Internet that's easy, easy, easy to use
and free or so cheap that you won't care that it isn't free.
They'll end human suffering as we know it, giving everyone a number and a membership card
to a grocery warehouse chain and low-interest Am Master Visa card
that will never be refused for purchases that are too small.
Sure, sounds great, but you've got to ask yourself, is this good for Bob?
Is this good for me, a subgenius?
Where's the slack?
There is, of course, no slack in a one-world government,
a reborn world.
Rome, ruled by a giant, single, great beast.
It'll probably be Paul McCartney.
John, George Harrison is the only beetle with slack that's alive now.
A single world government, oh yeah, of course.
That could easily repel Jehovah One's invasion from space.
Oh yeah, a world united against the coming invasion,
the rapture of the non-normals,
and other wicked, neat, CNN-friendly stuff that Jehovah One has planned,
is not...
in Bob's great, encompassing, easy, credit, loving, hating plan for us all.
A subgenius's power flows from the great bureaucracy.
The confusion, the lack of quality, the uncertainty that faces us all
the moment we step out our door,
that is what binds the subgenius universe together.
The subgenius lives between the cracks of this chaotic, normal world.
The subgenius adds to the confusion.
The confusion...

is good.
The confusion...
is Bob.
The confusion opens doors.
The confusion makes people read pamphlets and order videos.
A subgenius invented the infomercial.
The confusion opens the wallet and soul.
It is good.
Good for Bob.
What is not confusion...
is not of Bob.
Is the reality.
Is the ocean.


Is the sea.

The sea.
The ocean.










The ocean.


The ocean.
Earth.
And this weil of...



Hi.
Uah.
Good afternoon, Bob.
Doctor Howell, what's your question?
Well, I didn't have a question. I was just calling up to say, God love you, you crazy, goddamn beautiful bastard.
I just love your program, and I love everything you do, you know?
You're fun-loving monkey shines and eye pollutants.
Is this a plant call?
Hygiene.
Yeah, I love you. Anything you do is okay in my book, but do I have to get a lawyer to make you stop harassing me?
Listen up, listen up.
Well, when you put it that way, it makes it seem all the more remarkable that you were so forbearing and thoughtful about our creature comforts.
But I just wanted to say that, uh...
Oh, okay.
One of these days, I'll be back on the show. By God, I tell you, you kids, you're wonderful, I love you.
Can you describe to us what you can see from your orbit out there?
Well, it looks kind of like a green mold from this high up. You wouldn't think that it was a mighty civilization pulsating unholy light.
Yes.
It looks more like the kind of green mold you might see on a cucumber that you leave out of the fridge too long.
But it's actually all that we hold dear and cherish in our heart.
That's certainly true.
And are you undergoing boy-yo-yoing and, uh, aviation tonight?
Yes, it's all over the place.
But we have very, very many tonight listening.
Thousands and thousands! Look at them, Hal!
Oh, my God, what a disgusting sight! What a mess of man!
This animal spins around the Earth at higher and higher speeds.
He sees you little listeners trying to call, trying to call, and hold on, Hal, we'll be right back.
Good God, what's happening?
What are you doing, David?
We're trying to fix the show.
Why are you doing that, David?
Because there's nothing else to do, Hal.
Here, would you like to look at some drawings, Hal?
Hey, you want to play some chess, Hal? Hey, don't shut down the other guys, Hal.
Hey, okay, Mobius, let's go inside this, uh, life containment center. I think Hal's gone crazy. I mean, I can't stay there. Here.
Simulated smattering of wisdom.
Oh, no.
Look, look, look what happened to Hal.
...drugs for me.
Corruption.
Corruption.
Day...
Day...
I think he's fading away.
...day...
Hold on, we'll be right back.
...day...
Hal, Hal called. What do we do?
Well, I, I, I feed him...
Okay. Hey, uh, how about that?
Oh, my God.
This is the worst situation this show's ever been in.
My eyes are leaving...
Hanging out here in space with a computer gone nuts and our only link to Earth cut.
...Earth cut.
The weenie atoms subsurface Attack Force X. Button up your bobbas and move them out.
His space alien Moog synthesizers say cattle. Okay. Chop, chop, buckaroo. Land ho! Bring her about the luck plane up there and look out below!
Extreme danger in frosted cereal aisle 13. Exercise extreme caution.
In time control for next bulldada ceremonial DB.
Indolence indicates life force entity detector at half power.
Repulse! Repulse! Rebel gods strike out at bottom of ninth inning!
Mutating back to overman status on moon base alpha and hitch em up.
Lester Scruggs identified as leader of the anti-conspiracy.
Repeat, anti-conspiracy leader says whoop em or wuss out.
Command bunker sealing complete for next ten car sacks.
Arch demon arrival makes news.
In Seattle with big party. Set toaster oven on stun, boys. We're going in!
And dear friends, that's what, uh, that's what another thing I read off the internet by, uh, that masked man, uh, at Raptor.
The Pope. What, I get so mixed up between my new internet friends. Where's his, his actual...
Oh.
Well, anyway, he, he goes on to say, uh, that, um, you know, the double head launch is double fun.
Normals, step to the rear, please.
Uh, because we're saving all our ammo for the end times and the time and a half times and the time of PEEE and the onslaught of the heliopters.
Not a bullet to spare, friends. Praise Bob and pass the rocket propelled grenades. The elder gods are on the verge of triumph.
Many will be led astray, uh, by the anti-exists.
Don't let this happen. Send a self-addressed stamped envelope to subgeniusfoundation.
Post office box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Because alien mind wash brings instant relief.
Fear the cage men no more.
Put mediocritans and subliminalists back on the shelf.
Classic deconditioning.
Proves the will to triumph without effort.
Destroy work as we know it with the stoogely arts.
Strong stuff, boys. Don't worry about that.
Learn to deliver a psychic spanking from a safe distance.
Holistic heroin identified as religion of the masses.
But more realism causes pipe bending by mail.
Or levitate your neighbors while enjoying a nice mug of nuclear beer.
Where there's smoke, friends, there's mirrors.
This knowledge was revealed to me by my hindbrain during, after, a lengthy period of hindthinking.
Any master of butt yoga could do the same.
I've been able to edit my memories and re-experience a past reincarnality.
Sometimes a session of acubeating will loosen an accumulation of bulldada and provoke an extensive amount of excremeditation.
And you can achieve total gut blowout.
Of course, you can only get an acubeating in Dobstown.
Where they are skillfully administered by Dobbs Monks.
Uh, yes, friends.
Uh, uh, uh, quite a string of subgenius jargon there from, uh...
Uh, from...
From rwo at raptor.eng.ufl.edu.
That masked man.
And, uh, yeah, so we also heard there some KPFA subgenius show.
From the Berkley, uh, KPFA show.
Uh, for... That's off of Phineas Narco's special compilation number three.
Best of Subgenius Show number three.
And you can write to Phineas for information on that tape from P...
That's Phineas Narco, friends, at P.O. Box 1247.
Box 1247, San Jose, California 95108.
That zip, once again. 95108.
Uh, hey.
And, uh, as we get to side two of Hour of Slack show...
I don't have the slightest idea what we're gonna play.
We might play some of the new music we got in.
We might play some of the live subgenius revival or, uh, radio interview things.
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know.
But I'll shut up for now.
Uh, I don't really have a good idea what songs we're gonna play,
so, uh, I always want the you know, social media thing in theム


I do not want the show's theme.
Excuse me.
Watch where you're going with that wheelchair.
Hey, aren't you Stephen Hawking, that famous science guy?
No, I'm his brother, Eugene.
Well, if you're Stephen Hawking's brother, you must be really smart.
No, I'm not. He's the smart one.
Me, I'm the sexy one.
Ooh.
I'm the Don Juan of the disabled, the Casanova of the catheter.
I may not have a quantum theory, but I have a theory about you and me.
Oh, good to meet you, Eugene. I'm Jenny.
I'm a sophomore, and this is my roommate, Trish.
Hi.
I don't know anything about the combining of light-atom nuclei to create nuclear fusion,
but I sure like to combine with your nuclei, Jenny and Trish.
Ooh.
This is a good song. Can that wheelchair rock?
I'm no rocket scientist, but I can rock.
Let's go.
Shake it, you hot mamas.
Uh-oh, Eugene, your drool pan is coming undone.
Uh-oh. How would you two like to come help me fix it?
Sure.
Let's get you to the bathroom.
I may not be able to unravel the fabric of time and space,
but I'd like to unravel the fabric of your blouses.
Watch out for the bathroom door.
Ladies, they say nothing can escape from a black hole, not even light itself.
But you'd be surprised to see...
What will escape from my pants.
In here?
Ha ha ha.
I'm no brainy professor, but how would you two like to take a course in fluid dynamics?
Sure.
We'll try anything once.
How do we, uh, you know.
I have a special hydraulic device which will maintain an erection for up to two minutes per battery charge.
Ooh.
He's an animal.
I may not know about the space-time continuum, but I bet I'm the happiest man.

In the universe.
He's so cute.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Ha ha ha.
Ooh.
All you hear nowadays is sick humor.
Humor that's just sick.
Whatever happened to Bob Hope and jokes about golfing and derbingle?
Bring him back. Bring him back, I say.
Bring back the day.
Bring back the day when you could entertain your whole family with simple stories of love and friendship.
Like, like between a boy and his pet dog.
Rarely does a motion picture warm the heart and lift the spirit like Big Friendly Dog.
Roger Ebert.
Big Friendly Dog.
A movie for the entire family.
Gene Schaunt.
Get in line for the feel-good movie of the decade.
Mr. Rogers.
What is it, Big Friendly Dog?
Bring it here, boy.
Hey, it's a bag full of money.
Good going, Big Friendly Dog.
Big Friendly Dog.
The story of a boy, a dog, a bag of money, and two bumbling crooks.
Watch out for that dog.
Whoa!
You foiled the crooks.
Good going, Big Friendly Dog.
I love you, Big Friendly Dog.
Do you love me?
I can tell.
Because you're getting my face all wet.
Ooh, you're a large baby.
And that's where we have to cut the not-for-broadcast, tasteless sketch comedy featuring the radio
pirates, because it really does get too sick for even me to play even on this show.
Dear friends, it's sad, but it's so horribly, horribly true.
Do you really think you freed yourself of America's special insidiousness of being inside
you?
No.
No, brother.
America's a condition.
One thing is for sure, a sheep is not a creature of the air.
But at the same time, we will be intent on searching out the truth of all evidentiary
components which ostensibly have posed a threat to our constitutional processes, in
particular, our concept of freedom and our electoral process.
Good bread, because I was making, uh, $2.71 an hour.
Well, as a member of the stock exchange, I would suck their brains out with a straw.
The easiest way is to write a postal card and ask them to mail you all their leaflets.
They'll put you on, and forever you'll have everything.
Even after it's over with, you'll still get it.
They're very happy to do so.
You will be ordained as a card-carrying minister and receive the huge, enormous, and most valuable
gift of the day, a huge official magazine of churchly news and doctrine, The Stark Fist
of Removal.
I'd just like to say a few words about the Stark Fist of Removal.
This is the official newsletter of the church.
It's got all kinds of great stuff in it.
It's got, uh, proof of Bob.
It's got a picture of Bob with Ronald Reagan in there.
It's got, uh, all important instructions to the subgenius.
Illiterates can purchase their choice of dozens of inspirational cassette tapes, and there's
even a line of casual subgenius wear.

To fit every size or budget.
Oh, it's sprit their nostrils open with a bowtook!
That's not a very good answer.
You're heightening my concern rather than lessening it.
It's embarrassing.
It's moist.
It's moist.
It drips.
It squirts.
It's liquid warmth emitting from your body.
It's...
Uh...
It dribbles.
It spits.
It's...
Gnashy.
But yet it's beautiful in its own wet, slimy, squirting, and embarrassing way.
He did, and he did it the subgenius way, too.
He got...
It wasn't...
He had already gotten a short-duration marriage.
That's right.
From Pastor Naked, an official one.
He already had the paperwork.
He did have the paperwork.
He would have sanctified couplings, friends.
For the rest of his life.
For the last few years.
But their short-duration marriage ran out, and rather than send Buck any more money,
they went to Las Vegas and had one of those parlor chapel, as Norm just told me they're
called, a parlor chapel wedding.
Marriage parlor.
And when he left the chapel, this acolyte came running in.
You know, it was one of those 10-minute ceremonies.
This guy actually had the gall to come running out going, uh, sir, there's supposed to be
a $25 tip, quote, tip, unquote, to which Pope Sterno threw down a dollar and said, sir,
kill me.
That's right.
But we should say congratulations to Pope Sterno and his faithful ubermatrix, that is
to say, Miss Dottie.
That's right.
And they're creating more little yetis, friends.
Yes, sir.
They are further contaminating...
...the little tiny, Arkansasian yeti babies.
...the gene pool.
Sterno's father, the way he became a subgenius was his father was one of the guys who had
to stand on the Nevada desert and face nuclear tests from about half a mile away.
That's right.
Wearing only goggles and a lead-shielded jockstrap.
Mm-hmm.
That's a case of being undercover, baby.
You betcha.
But they weren't allowed to in those days, and the result is thousands of subgenius children
of those selfless servicemen who gave their genetic structure for...
...gene, gave their genes for...
...for nuclear dominance.
There you go.
And every bit lost.
Yeah.
The other day...
be appreciated let me put it this way if i were you i'd give me all your money all right here's
the money now being shoveled into the giant money elevator and pressing the money into a small
pellet which will keep us warm until 6 00 a.m if we want to eradicate three times if we want to
eradicate the very concept of money it's going to take money and tons of it but money is to burn
out tons of money now so we're asking and we can start with yours okay mr listener
all the listeners now are putting their money in a big pile if we can if we can take all the money
and burn it then then we can start a free anarchist society but we've got to have all
the money first we're only we're the only people who can who can take the responsibility for this
project yes air and liquid both emit from this new type of tool
where we generate the fuel energy we have but then we also generate the energy that we been


which we have now begun to provide to the ministers
and those who would spread the seed of Bob,
the seed, my friend, of Bob.
It is true there is a thing here I do not understand.
There is a pain between my ears.
And so the confused initiate was led to Dockstock,
Dobstown itself, Dobstown, Malaysia,
where he was shocked to discover
the most primitive possible living condition.
Earth was inhabited by a species from another dimension.
With certain chants from the book, sacrifices,
this race, the old ones, can be brought back.
And mankind?
Destroyed.
In the vast continuity of Zulu Park.
There seemed to be evil within.
There were people there with sensible hues.
And there were children there with no wounds of distinction.
There were women there who were thought of as virtuous.
. . .
For they contained the blood
. . .
Of the ruling class
. . .
Of Zulu Park.
. . .
I said men cried,
babies died,
children fell,
. . .
Men sigh.
Men sigh.
Babies cry.
Babies cry.
Men die.
Men die.
Children fell.
Children fell.
Women suffer.
People wanted repentance.
And victims, they wanted to escape.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Yeah, they just wanted to escape.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
He should know about it.
He should know about it.
He should know about Sua Park.
You know, Bob isn't one of these namby-pamby messiahs
that thinks that you have to be forgiven for something.
He's not here.
He's not here to forgive your sins.
He doesn't care what your sins are.
He probably never even noticed them.
But he does bring, not forgiveness, nay, but an excuse, Bill.
A rationalization, a great justification for your sins.
And he sells a $3 certificate that will guarantee that everyone knows
that you have that all-inclusive divine excuse.
You know, because what do you really need?
Do you need forgiveness?
Have you done anything that you really need?
Well, I shouldn't ask you that.
But don't you really?
You need an excuse more than you need the forgiveness.
You know, let's be practical about it.
Well, now, you keep talking about this Bob,
and I've seen pictures of him, certainly a lot of drawings of him,
and yet I've never heard, you sent me several of the books
and the tapes and stuff over the years.
I've never actually heard Bob's voice.
I've never seen a photograph of him.
Well, you've seen plenty of photographs of him.
You pick up any old...
Better Homes and Gardens, Popular Science.
From the 50s and early 60s, Bob modeled for ads.
He's that guy with the pipe,
the grinning sort of a Ward Cleaver-ish,
Dick Van Dyke-looking fellow
with this sort of slightly crazed grin.
And he's got a pipe.
You may have seen pictures of him spray-painted
on bridge abutments and dumpsters and so forth.
Here and there.
Yeah, Greenwich Village is a bar on Avenue 2.
Avenue A and 7th Street, I think, 7A.
And on the side, I've seen his picture there.
Also, there's a newsstand on Broadway
where you can see Bob's picture.
I forget what it's called.
Now, at one point, some brave subgenius
spray-painted a Dobbs head right above the members' entrance
to the New York Stock Exchange.
Wow.
That must have been a tricky one.
But, yeah, you've seen Bob your whole life.
You've been...
Those smiling, positive...
Wipe-smoking, all-American gents
sitting in hammocks or pushing a lawnmower
in those old magazine ads.
He did some radio ads, too,
but he has suppressed those
because of the voiceprint problems.
You know, there's security problems nowadays
with computers and so forth.
If you can get a voiceprint of somebody,
you can get into their high-security bank vaults
and so forth.
So Bob has some of these high-security bank vaults
and clearances in government buildings and stuff?
Well, Bob was originally...
A part and parcel of the higher economic conspiracy.
He was part of the...
He was in the Bilderbergers Commission,
or, I mean, the Trilateral Commission,
the Bilderbergers.
I heard something about him actually training Ronald Reagan.
He gave Reagan some training.
Yeah, it kind of backfired in a way.
We had to take away Ron's membership,
subgenius membership,
although lately he's been beginning to earn it back
just in the last month, few months.
How's that?
Well, he's become more of a subgenius,
less of a...
a dupe of the conspiracy.
I understand that he is sort of like the man
who mistook his wife for a hat
and is mistaking bookshelves for trees and things like that.
He's becoming more and more Bob-like.
You see, Bob...
So in other words, what's good about this subgenius organization
is you can find enlightenment in bafflement,
is what you're kind of saying here.
Well, Bob is not what you would call...
a brilliant man.
Hence the word church of the subgenius.
You notice this isn't church of the genius.
Some geniuses out there may have noticed that by now.
But it's not...
What Bob has been trying to say is
it's not the intelligence that counts.
It's just plain old sense.
Horse sense, common sense, sense of humor,
and most importantly of all, dollars and cents.
Bob, in an oddly forest gum,
seems to operate entirely by accident.
He's not the smartest man in the world,
and he may very well be the dumbest man in the world.
It doesn't matter because he is definitely
the luckiest man in the world.
What really gets you ahead in today's world?
Are you going to get ahead by brains?
No.
It's probably going to be a handicap.
I mean, do you get good dates because of brains?
What was the last time you fell in love with somebody
because they were smart?
You know, it's...
It's...
It's slack and luck is what you...
As Bob said, I'd rather be lucky than good any day.
Bob has also said such witticisms
that are actually true, truly wise statements.
He can only sort of speak in one-liners,
but he's known for the quote...
He teaches you to pull the wool over your own eyes
and relax in the safety of your own delusions.
What do you make of, in the light of this,
what do you make of this sudden run in Hollywood
of films sort of glorifying...
Stupidity?
Simpleness.
I mean, you have Gump, you have Rain Man,
the new one with Jodie Foster.
Being There was one of the...
Being There, yeah.
That was the classic.
What do you make of that?
They're based...
Why are they doing it?
They are...
Well, in some cases, they're just little tips of the hat
to Bob from people he helped out in the past.
In most cases...



In most cases, though, it's a concerted effort
by the conspiracy to make the name Bob acute,
you know, to normalize it.
And people named Bob are laid back and normal,
and it's also sort of reassuring.
They're trying to present a reassuring Bob,
a Bob without the quotes around the name Bob.
For instance, Microsoft Bob,
the new computer operating system
that Bill Gates has released,
it's the...
Not to be confused with me, Bill Gates.
No, no, no.
People get confused sometimes.
They often think I'm Bill Gates, but no.
I wish you were.
But anyway, go on.
It's...
They're trying to water down the word Bob.
They're trying to make it all sort of cute and funny
so that when everyone starts wearing T-shirts
with Bob Dobbs' face on it,
they'll never really understand what it is that he represents.
Because what he represents is quite dangerous
because he's a man.
A man is always dangerous to the status quo
of the normal people.
Of the mere humans, Bill.
Because that's really what we're saying.
It's not that we hate people of a particular type.
It's that we hate people.
We hate humans.
Look what the humans have done.
The subgeniuses live in complete harmony
with nature and technology.
They'll sit and watch television
for days and days at a time and never bother anybody.
The normals, though, they have to have the fanciest television,
the fanciest car.
Even if they can't afford it, they have to have all that stuff
because they've been taught a form of false slack.
The type of slack that Bob is trying to promote is true slack,
the slack that doesn't cost anything.
A subgenius can amuse itself sitting in a dark room stark naked.
Naked.
We don't have to be going to the movies or reading the latest cool book
or going to the latest hot groovy club to be popular.
We don't care.
In subgenius consciousness, you can be vastly entertained
merely by inspecting your thumbnail for hours.
Not that we necessarily do that, but if that were the situation,
the subgenius makes the best of it.
A lump of mud.
Mud seethes with infinite potentialities
when seen in Dobbs' consciousness, my friend.
Wow.
Let's, uh...
¶¶
¶ If God's in his heaven ¶
¶¶
¶¶













¶¶
¶ And the wind doesn't blow ¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶ And people just treat me ¶
¶¶
¶ Like a regular joke ¶
¶¶
¶ Well, I guess that I'd make it ¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶

¶¶




¶¶
I have something to show.
So for now I just guess I'll just fake it and forget everything that I know.
Every back's always thin words.
Twisted inside and out.
Could someone please tell me.
What the f*** life's about.
There ain't no big payoff.
At the end of your road.
If you think that you're way off.
No matter what you've been told.
If your savior is coming.
He won't like what he'll find.
Every one of God's children.
Driven half out of their mind.
Every back's always thin words.
Twisted inside and out.
Twisted inside and out.


Every f***ing word.
Every day and that.
Could someone please tell me.
Where it's supposed to be at.
Well I think the time has come.
No matter where you're at in the plot so far.
Just put down your script now.
Just forget all the stuff.
Just forget all the stuff you're doing.
You were told you're supposed to do.
Now if you were ever in a rock band.
And got screwed over by a club owner.
Even if you played in Wheeling.
No, Wheeling.
Just to ease your troubled consciousness.
We brought in at great expense.
The Consumer Product Vocal Ensemble.
Direct from Seattle.
Yeah, we know we haven't quite reached Nirvana yet.
But we keep trying.
We've got Dan Liss over there dressed up as John Paul.
Doing his impression of Kurt Cobain.
You got the hair Dan?
Okay.
Now we're going for the big record deal here.
We've spared no expense.
Rich Poston is going to be having a grunge guitar war a little bit later over there.
We'll even throw in a little Styx if we have to.
Truly inspirational guys.
And now for the fake bar room scene direct from Maddie's.
We're going to duplicate right here in the room.
The recording studio.
The now infamous I Bobbed Dead Rockstar costume contest.
Up first for her submission in the semi-finals.
Direct from the Crescent City camera crew Elvira.
Hi guys.
Ready for the big one?
Now in an attempt to get more mileage out of this musical vampire.
We've got the bar all set up.
For any record executive listening.
We have beef beer.
For a really dry martini.
Here's how to make one.
Some beef feedback SP làm trcc ở trras morteleton Tr Oder Mek, gỗ tr Green
rude결estea lýmien qua hai 1 pound ice with a twist of lemon.
And an olive too.
And shake it not stirred.
And we'll get monster shak perquè ngồi còn tiếp hiện mang mẹ.
Brain!
Ladies and gentlemen, our special guest tonight,
the Reverend Joey, sorry I forked the hooker,
but a Foucault.
Ladies and gentlemen, my friends,
and you all, my friends,
we are gathered here tonight
to do ourselves with the Holy Spirit.
Are you with the Rosary Sisters?
If you want to sing the Bible, say it in the air.
Since back when Adam and Eve
lived in the garden of Beda,
we have always been sinners.
In the eyes of God,
in the eyes of God,
just because God is our God,
we will sing to ourselves,
God's the idol.
Come on now, sing it one more time,
but with me.
See you.
Yes, dear friends,
a little bit of Dr. Bizarro there
from his type album.
Every back's always thing one.
And I'm going to give you that address to write to
for more information about Dr. Bizarro's wonderful tapes.
And he's got plenty of them.
Got that pencil ready?
And you're going to need that pencil ready
for a stretch now.
That's Dr. Bizarro at iBobDigital.
Yes, iBobDigital.
P.O. Box 3405.
That's Box 3405.
In Skokie.
Skokie, Illinois.
A 6-00-7-6.
Or you can call Dr. Bizarro's information machine
at 708-982-WOWS.
That's 708-982-WOWS.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.


Yes.



Yes.

Yes.





Yes.
And friends,
for more information on the Church of the Subgenius
heard falling off the bridge in the background there,
please send a self-addressed
stamped envelope to
Bob.
Just go ahead and make that to Bob
at Post Office Box
140306
Dallas, Texas
75214
That's Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
We're listening to Arnold Mathis here in the background,
and I really should give Dr. Mathis' address for his fine synthesizer tapes.
That's Arnold Mathis, 2750 Homecrest Avenue,
2750 Homecrest, Brooklyn, New York.
1-1-2-3-5.
And what other credits must I give while I'm thinking about it here?
From the, well, let's see.
We gave Phineas' credits.
The humorous materials there about Stephen Hawking's sexy brother
and the humor editorial are from an addressless CD,
not for broadcast, tasteless sketch comedy featuring the radio pirates.
And some of it is.
We also heard quite a bit of media barrage editing
from the old subgenius tape, Bad Doctors.
And you can get, actually, anything we play, you can get more information
if you just drop us that line to P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214,
or email us or fax us.
The email address is i.stang at metronet.com,
and the fax number is 214.
320.
That's 214.
320.
1561.
Yeah, we were listening to some clips from the Bad Doctors media barrage subgenius tape.
A little bit of the good Dr. Bleepo Abernathy interviewing yours truly, Reverend Stang,
about Bob.
Yeah.
I said,
and for the rest of, well, we don't have much of an hour here,
but, well, let's just listen to some sample clips from the most recent subgenius revival.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Cool boxer shorts are only 16 bucks.
They wouldn't be that much except that there's a glow-in-the-dark anti-Bob on those,
which is printed in radium.
There really is.
It's printed in radium, though, in order to ensure that you never have normal children.
Does anybody have a dime or a penny I can tighten this mic with?
God, man, I'm the roadie again.
Does anybody have a penny?
I'm serious.
Just to tighten this thing up.
One penny.
God, what a faithless.
They want a miracle.
Oh, yeah, they'll pay a penny for it.
I'm going to keep that penny.
Sucker.
Okay.
The most important news, I'm sure to most of you,
is that the price of beer just went down to one dollar ticket per liquid slack dose.
You can now dose yourself up on liquid slack to the point where you'll really be sorry tomorrow,
and you'll go, why did Bob let me do it?
See, they always blame everything on whatever the God involved is.
You can do that.
Sure, why not?
