Yes dear friends, we're back and I apologize for this terrible microphone that I'm using right now.
It'd be five minutes into the X-Day drill.
My old microphone I've been using for an hour of slack for the last seven or eight years was busted by a drunk.
But that's okay dear friends because it forced us to use a better microphone.
At least there and you'll hear that later.
But not now.
Now I'm on the cheap one.
And now I'm reminded that, you know, we love the stations that play this show.
And we haven't given them enough individual credit.
So for the next few shows I'm going to say howdy to specific stations.
In this case, howdy to listeners at WMSE.
Man.
Y'all are up early, early in the morning I believe there.
That's in, wait a minute.
Where is that?
It's a place I've been.
It's, it's, Milwaukee that's right.
We did a GWAR show there.
And a special thanks there to Reverend Yukon Jack and Eris Pagana.
Hi old Reverend Yukon.
Yukon Jack is on some of the old media broads or Bob songs type.
You know my memory, my memory is fried friends.
Because we're back from the X Day drill in New York.
We're burnt.
We're toasted.
We're crisped.
But not from fropping, unfortunately.
But from recording and logging and dubbing and crucifying and baptizing.
And the drill was...
Well from our standpoint it was a huge success dear friends.
We made a little money.
We learned what not to do on the real X Day.
We captured tons of good music and preaching coming up.
And we gave the bobbies their 25 bucks worth that's for sure.
In the form of slack, violence, pills, naked male and female flesh, the scourging of Jesus
and the crucifixion of dogs.
And friends you are now listening to...
Uh...
The Subgenius Hour of Slack.
Welcome potential initiates and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Well maybe it's more like an hour.
But friends that X Day drill at the Brushwood Folklore Center campground in Sherman, New York.
Far western, very rural New York.
Was in fact such an intense weekend that only about a dozen people were able to drag themselves
out of their hangovers for the 7 a.m. Sunday church services and simulated rupture.
And so we know who takes this stuff seriously now friends.
And it ain't many.
But we are currently in the strenuous process of culling down the 10 hours of tape into
one two hour video.
And we are in the process of cutting down the 10 hours of tape into one two hour video.
And maybe the next three hours of slack.
Starting now with this one.
Number 536.
And there will be color pictures aplenty upon our website of such wonders as the all nude
baptism in the swimming pool conducted by Jesus and Dr. Legue.
And Sister Susie the floozy having her way with a prairie squid.
Dr. Legue mutilating his own face.
The Dobbs effigy burning upon a cross in the presence yet of Neegie, JFK, the Greys and
the whole crowd.
Friends we have pictures and videos of the execution of one of my illegitimate wives
following my kidnapping.
And power packed preaching and music by Bill T. Miller.
The swinging love corpses as heard in the background.
Dr. Legue mutilating his own face.
Papa Joe Mama, Susie the floozy, Andrew the impaled, Saint Andrew the non impaled, Jehovah
hates Fred, Reverend Nicky, Dr. Dinosaur, Steve, Slack, Taller Star, P. Kitty and many
many more.
Friends there were free pills, there really were UFO sightings, there was suspense, nudity,
weird altars, sacrifices, dead people and tons of sacred Dobbs goods sold and in short
it was a blast.
And I'm now going to start wending my way down through these tapes.
I've got 24 pages just of the log of these tapes.
So we'll get into that but in the meantime let's just lean back and listen to this incredible
swinging love corpses warm up jam from the ex-Daytree alum.
.
.
.
.









.
.

.
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
But for some geniuses!
More, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more!
That is the message.
Double cock, a potion of work!
Now as Jesus and Stang were saying, that is the real message.
Double cock, a potion of work!
Money, right here, give to Bob, slap it out, go straight into Stang's pocket and he will funnel it to Bob.
On the way up here, the son of God here, and El Diablo here, running the take-back,
he's here for Satan, his son.
The son of God, Jesus' big brother, and they stop at the Rainbow Gathering,
which was on the way, it was in the Ozarks this year.
Hey man, they love you.
They're your brothers.
Welcome home, man.
Welcome home.
And it was all, it seemed all fun, you know, sort of lovey and mindless,
and all that.
You know, good vibes and so forth.
Except there was one really perverted, sick, sick, sick thing.
They didn't take money.
Yeah, they thought, oh, we're gonna defeat the man, we're gonna defeat the conspiracy, Babylon's gonna fall, baby.
We'll just withdraw from their system, and like, what they're really saying is,
if we pray hard enough, God will take money.
And if we pray hard enough, God will take care of everything.
Well, Jehovah's blood may have something in mind, starting with Fred, and building up to the pigs,
and then probably the rest of us.
The only thing standing in between us and Jehovah's blood squashing us with the pigs and the humans
is that man, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
And the only thing that's keeping J.R. Bob Dobbs motivated is your faith, your trust in that man, Bob, and your money.
How does he know you trust him and love him and hate him, and have faith in him?
And even give a shit?
You could work for Bob all day long, all night long, for years and years.
He'll still chastise you.
Ask Will of Dogs.
You can, you know, ask me.
You can do the greatest painting, the beautiful painting for the book cover for, you know, the third Bible.
You could do, you could get a radio show going for Bob, and so forth and so forth.
But you can give your children.
Bob knows when it comes down to it, you don't care about your fucking radio show, your kids, your car, or your talent, or any of that.
The only thing that really, really counts, and that's what those rainbow people wouldn't admit, is your money.
The only way to defeat the conspiracy at this point, I mean, let's face it.
They won 2,000 years ago, as soon as they offed Jesus, or whatever, I don't know how that happened, and Pete took over the PR.
Which, of course, probably happened to the church at Subgenius after X day, two years from now.
But, I don't know what I was about to say, but God damn it, we hate them, because they don't have Bob, and we do.
That's good enough reason not to.
And the money is, that's how Bob knows you love him.
That's how Bob knows you trust him, is that green money.
You kid, those rainbow people, I don't know, man, it's just, to me, we want to, we are here to fight the conspiracy.
But how do you do something about a thing that big, so insidious that it's even inside every Subgenius?
Every Subgenius except Bob is tainted with the conspiracy, because every Subgenius except Bob still thinks false.
That is wrong! You do not use your mind to think about your religion!
You don't use your mind!
But, you have to use your mind to fake out the conspiracy. You don't need much.
You don't need much, praise Bob, or we'd be fucked.
But, we can, we can, we can, and we, you know, we can say, well, how are we going to bring down the conspiracy?
I know, let's form a secret anti-government group and blow up the federal building.
Well, I can see where people are coming from with that, but that is so half-assed!
They are thinking too small!
All that does is it turns them into walking targets, you know?
And they might as well be wearing a big bullseye on their chest.
I'm so macho, I'm against the government, and I'm carrying a bomb to North Carolina.
I'm going to do something about it.
Oh, that's smart, man! Real macho, maybe.
Dumb fucking shit.
So, Brad, you know, if you're going to fuck with that shit, use a goddamn nuclear weapon!
Nuclear weapons cost money!
You can get a Ukrainian bomb for about $25,000 like a black market now.
Now, we were given, I don't want to name numbers or anything,
but we do have some material in that department.
But we need more!
The conspiracy has, as I've said a million times, the conspiracy has got 100,000 nuclear weapons between their different factions.
We've only got three, well, well, four.
But we need at least six!
How many Disney lands are there?
Yeah!
There's like four or five of them, right?
Two!
Okay, well, we've got a few other places.
And, you know, we could, sure, we can wait two years for the X's to come, obviously.
But is Bob going to be impressed if we sit on our butts watching the X-Files until X-Day?
Well, actually, in some cases, if that's within your slack, then that's the thing to do.
However, some of us are rather agitated.
And we, you know, just to impress Bob, just for no other reason than to impress Bob,
we'd like to make enough money to buy the conspiracy!
You cannot destroy it from inside.
Because they pay you too well, and you end up going, well, this isn't so bad.
And you can't burn it down by dropping bombs and stuff on him.
Because, you know, then you end up like Koresh, and he didn't even do it.
You know, not hardly.
And so, the only way, the only weapon they understand is money!
Big goddamn bucks!
And as St. Jane of Iconclete once said,
to destroy utterly and forever the concept of money,
friends, it's going to take money.
It's going to take a hell of a lot of money.
And I know that most of you probably don't have that much, except for you over there!
Yes, sir, I see you, I know!
I'm in the service, I know you, sir, have got that cushy job, and you've been feeling guilty.
I know it. You've been feeling it.
It's like, well, if I start buying this shit...
Would you like your attention, please?
It's come to security's attention that there are some people who are on the grounds
who are not affiliated with the Church of the Subgenius or the Drum Fest.
These people are from the local Baptist act-up style organization.
What?
So you will be able to see them. They are in the woods tonight.
Oh, man!
If you ever come across one of these people,
subdue him and bring him to security at once.
Also, the mother of one of Reverend Stane's children,
one of his illegitimate children, is here.
She's really pissed off. She's got her period.
So we've gone well beyond PMS.
So we're going to be keeping real close eye on the situation here.
If anything comes up, we'll keep you informed of it. Thank you.
I do approve. Chief Security.
And your friend, believe it or not.
Silence!
All the way left!
Friends, we cannot let this day go by without uttering a few words about Independence Day.
Bad movie.
In less than 20 minutes, it will no longer be July 5th.
And from two years hence, another Independence Day will come.
Now, I know a lot of you have conspiracy notions about what Independence Day is.
We've all heard that 200 years plus ago,
our founding fathers planted the seeds of freedom in the sacred soil
that sprouted forth the democracy in which we all live,
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah.
And somewhere along that line, the conspiracy got ahold of it.
But we don't hear about it, we just see it, and they kind of turn it around on us.
And, you know, the next thing you know, we're all paying taxes,
and we're all kind of bowing down to the almighty dollar,
and, you know, what we have is what we get.
Like they say, democracy is the lack of people they deserve.
But,
there's something else that happened a few decades ago.
1984, actually.
A man gave his life
so that we could be free.
Now, he didn't have to give his life.
He could have just walked across that stage and taken his vows.
He didn't have to sit there and stick his head right in front of that bullet for puzzling evidence.
No, he chose to do that.
In fact, he allowed that bullet to zigzag through his body.
Several times.
Simply so that he could die repeatedly for our freedom.
Do we know that man's name?
BOO!
We have it burned into our hearts.
He died for our independence.
Now, two years from now, we are going to celebrate that independence.
And not on July 4th, but on July 5th.
Because it's not independence so much from the con, which it is,
but it's also independence from the people who formed the con.
The pinks and normals who infest our world.
Now, what is our duty in the next two years?
We have a sacred duty.
It's more than just to stockpile weapons.
It's more than to grit our teeth.
It's more than to sharpen our knives.
It is to bear witness, dear friends,
to witness
the conspiracy in action.
Our job is to watch and see the sins ooze forth
of the conspiracy each and every day.
Because, hundreds of years hence,
as we live immortal lives on Planet X,
our children and great-great-great-great-grandchildren
will grow up in a society free of pinks.
They will not know what normals are.
They'll only have books and comic books to tell them what it was all about.
And they're going to ask you sometime or another,
great-great-great-great-grandpa,
why did you do it?
Why did you kill them all?
Was it really necessary?
You must say yes,
and you'll have to sit them down and explain to them why.
And you must have that look of truth in your eye.
You must be able to ooze forth from your soul
total dedication, truth, honor, and say,
yes, oh God, if you only knew!
If only you knew!
So, that's what we have in the next two years.
To see it, to feel it, to suffer it,
not just for us, but for them.
Now, on a parting note,
I would also like to address this famous movie,
which I'm sure all of you are going to see, about Independence Day.
I know a lot of you out there think,
ah, it's a conspiracy movie, it's shitty,
don't want to go see it, blah blah blah.
Friends, the conspiracy did not make this movie.
We made this movie.
And you're probably thinking,
wait a minute, wait a minute, Papa Joe,
I'm having some difficulty here.
I thought the premise in Independence Day, the movie,
was that they somehow repelled the ex-Essentially invasion.
How can this be?
Ah, Bob works in mysterious ways, my friends.
You see, we,
we want them to think that they are going to rebel the next time.
Woohoo!
Ah, fucking Bob!
Surprise is our greatest weapon.
When you walk forth from here and they ask you,
what was this docks talk about?
What was this burning cross?
What was this, these screaming Nazis,
these people in paramilitary outfits,
what was this about?
You say, ah, it's a joke.
It's a satire.
Oh, have you seen the movie Independence Day?
You have nothing to worry about.
When you see the movie Independence Day,
you may just watch the credits.
And when that special effects supervisor comes up,
top of the credits,
and it says, Doug Smith,
we're not going to go into any significance that that name has.
For those who know Independence Day,
and those who say don't know or shouldn't know,
but you will know what that movie is really all about.
Praise be Doug Smith.
So let us again join hands in remembrance
of what Independence Day really is.
Freedom from them.
Praise Bob!
Oh, amen.
Amen, Papa Joe.
He's absolutely right, brothers and sisters.
He's absolutely right.
They're going to think they can just be able to repel the aliens.
But it's not true.
We all know it's not true.
We know they have no chance of it.
But hey, if they don't have a little spark of hope,
what is there for us to crush?
Can I get an amen?
Amen!
Can I get an hallelujah?
Hallelujah!
Whoo! Yeah, brothers and sisters.
Yeah, they think they're going to repel them.
And when they go rallying around the American flags,
we'll be able to get a whole shitload of them with just one shot.
Whoo!
Yeah, brothers.
Oh, yeah, people have died for that flag.
And more will.
Amen!
Whoo!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
And now, Dr. Dinosaur.
I'm going to tell you a story.

My father was a salesman, a pretty lucky guy.
He could sell you anything.
You'd never know why.
While working on his TV one dark and stormy night,
Jehovah changed his channel and filled his head with light.
He got immaculation.
He learned about the score.
He quit the conspiracy.
So they declared war.
Bob went to bed for the yetting sin to try to get the slack.
The conspiracy had stolen.
Bob's boy had given it back.
Bob Dobbs, the mystic salesman.
Bob Dobbs, the mystic salesman.
His comrades fought beside him.
Stang and the rest of all the great slack masters.
Bob was the best.
The conspiracy decided to fill in Bob's last page.
So they shot him in San Francisco.
They shot him on the stage.
Bob Dobbs, the short duration savior.
Bob Dobbs, the mystic salesman.

Bob Dobbs, the short duration savior.
Bob Dobbs, the short duration savior.
Bob Dobbs, the short duration savior.
Master of magic sales hype.
It's still easy to see his head floating.
Made out of little dots.
And the only thing that's changed is the way he talks.

In the eternal glow of Bob's magic pipe
In the eternal glow of Bob's magic pipe
Bob searched the universe for the gods who'd done him in
He found Jehovah in his corporate galaxy of sin
Bob called down the axis and gave his famous grin
The saucers tried the normals but they saved his Yeti chin
Bob Dobbs, the short-duration savior
Bob Dobbs, the short-duration savior
The short-duration savior still leads the way to slack
The Yeti rode the saucers, they're not coming back
Bob Dobbs, the short-duration savior

The conspiracy has no one to steal from but themselves
Bob will sell them ice in hell
And if I know those con gooks, they'll buy it
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!

Yeah!
Yeah!



Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Now what?
I'm just making it up.
I am the king of slack.
Hey, you kings of feedback!
Turn on, tune in, and go to LA.
Oh!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!



Go!
Wait, what? Oh, yeah, no, no, no, no.
A little dance number for you kids.
X-Days are coming!
And the Pigs are bumming!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Seems like all we ever do is eat, get stoned, and watch the tube, man.
As you know, there's supposedly 10,000 doctor bands here ready to play.
And the lineup is endless.
There's a lot of people.

Steve's slacking.
The thrills just keep coming, dear friend.
You ragged for me?
You ragged for me?

You'd better be ready to face the consequences dear friends!
I've come for your soul!
You'd better be ready for me from beyond!
For little boys and girls!
I'm here for your soul!
Heavy metal!
I used to be a nice guy just like you!
And then I found that taking our soul is what Bob really needs!
You will never escape the eyes!
The eyes of Bob!
They'll follow you wherever you go!
You came for me!
You'd better be prepared to face the consequences little boys and girls!
We're here for your souls!
One last chance!
That's all you have!
You can never escape the eyes!
You ran for me from beyond!
You thought you'd have a little fun with that Bob thing didn't you?
Oh I'll just get some extra slack!
Oh why hell it's just a joke!
Just a funny joke boys and girls!
More!
More!
More!
More!
More!
I will never escape the eyes!
And then so there is an agent here, we know it, we don't know which federal agency,
might even be bigger than federal, might be a circle of ten, could be...
I flew a black helicopter once, does that make me an eligible?
What?
I flew a black helicopter once, does that make me an eligible?
No, hell no!
Oh sorry, he could be the one, just trying to act like he's joking about it, which would be, that would be a good way to be a spy, you know, so there's, we just, well we don't want to panic people or you know get everybody worried or anything like that, but just keep your eyes open.
If you see anything that somebody doing something that you think is suspicious, tell me or Dr. Legume or the Lord or...
The schedule!
Oh, the schedule!
There is a schedule.
What?
There is a schedule.
Damn!
There it is!
7 a.m. Sunday morning church services.
You should show up before like quarter of, so as to get your pill, we'll be handing out one pill to each person.
Quarter of.
And as we explained, don't take the pill until we give the signal at exactly 7 a.m.
Speaking of which, if anybody has a watch that is actually very good, then...
And that one will, has the true time?
Okay, then you shall be the timekeeper.
The official timekeeper of X-Day 96.
The official timekeeper of a plentiful of thoughts.
And if you happen to be a virgin, we have a other thing we'd like to talk to you about.
Don't talk to Bob.
If you see him, do not talk to Bob.
If Bob gets hold of her...
It's been arranged.
It's been arranged.
Oh, well, okay.
It was one of the...
It's all good.
It's been arranged.
It's been arranged.
It's been arranged.
And you know that at some point during the weekend, ten people in here are going to die.
Cool.
Pray...
Me, me, me, me, me.
...that you are one of them.
Me, me, me.
Please, Lagoon.
Plus, I mean, this is the X-Day drill.
This isn't a subgenius defival.
And there's the stage.
And if anybody doesn't like what's going on up there, if you can kick the band's ass,
then maybe you can get them off.
If you decide you have to testify, you're suddenly moved to the spirit, or if you have
any doubt, you have even sat around for days preparing some long, intricate rant and slideshow
and so forth, just do it.

What the hell?
You know, you don't need to ask anybody.
You might wait until whoever's up there is done.
You know, there may be a line form.
It may be...
Just get on that stage and groove with the best.
That's all we ask.
Yeah.
Also, generally the best show is not anywhere near the stage.
That's certainly true at the defival.
That's true.
And so, you know, I've never been in a situation where I've been invited to a show.





I've been to an X Day drill before.
I've seen some pretty scary stuff going on in the woods.
Well, I know we promised free prairie squid to everybody, and as it turned out, we can't
offer it free, but it's only 50 cents.
There will be a prairie squid tent.
We'll set it up tomorrow.
I didn't want to set it up today because they get kind of rank after, you know, a second
day.
So, there's somewhere right in an inappropriate place in the middle of the field, there'll
be a tent.
There'll be a sign up.
The squid will be in there.
We'll have a little bit of fun.

There'll probably be a long line.
You know, there's a de-beaking tool.
There is a slight charge rental for the de-beaking tool.
That's $100.
No, no, it's nothing like that.
It's $900.
If you're brave.
Two-hour minimum on the tool.
Keep things.
The squid, put the squid back in the cooler when you're finished with your business.
Have any cases of AIDS come from prairie squid?
Prairie squid, well, that's, you take your risk, you know.
Keep in mind that it's a little bit of a risk.






It's a little bit of a risk.


But it probably, oh, okay, there's a safe sex, if you all saw that thing.
That's a sign of hope, isn't it?
When you drive up to a place and there's a little booth up there, safe sex and something
else.
Ice.
It's condoms, dental bands, gloves.
That's ice.

You know, big red straps.
And with naked people behind the bus.
Ooh.
Yeah.
Yeah.
For those of you who have never seen the movie, the movie is on the screen.






If you've never seen these before, these are called breasts.
What?
Stop.
Any of you subgenius members out there have never seen breasts before today, except in,
of course, pictures and on cable TV.
But these are not polyponential.
These are genuine, real breasts.
Most of you will never see these again after tomorrow.
In your dreams.
In your dreams.



So, don't feel shy about staring.
They're only what, $25 an hour?
Yeah, don't feel so bad about staring at them.
Oh, I love to be naked.
Now, one thing that I can say about this woman that would set her apart from most subgeniuses
is that there's a real good chance that she's going to get to bed down a woman tonight.
I'm not saying that she's going to get to bed tonight.

Your mother is my lawyer.

Ah, very good.
Which pretty much makes her?
Better than the rest of you.
Do not get a praise from her.
Praise him.
False remain un wavelengths.
Praise him.
Thank you.
I don't have that!
Brothers and sisters,
have you seen Herod's name aborted by A.T.M.?
I think I'm rather interested in the full-blown tragedy that I've missed.
I've been saying to the sacred scribes and the church in the sub-genus
that's just been pulled off by some leather-clad A.T.F.
What's going on?
What's going on?
It looks like we just had a man kidnapped.
What?
We may have to instigate some sort of manhunt.
Ivan's stay just got pulled off by some leather-clad woman with A.T.F. tags.
Oh, my God!
It went that way.
Let's go!
Follow us! Go, go, go!
Please!
Remember, no violence! Remain calm!
Bring Stang back alive! The others, their heads will do!
There's a tool in it!
It's a pagan!
No!
A fucking swamp!
No!
Grab the club!
Grab the club! We'll have to shoot her!
Take her out, Colonel!
Take her out!
He's out of bullets, damn it!
We hit her!
You missed again!
Oh, no!
Where's Stang?
Oh, Jesus Christ!
What's she do to it?
Stang!
Really?
You'll get your stark fist!
Someone jump on top of her!
We're working on it!
No, no, no!
No, no, no!

She's stuck around here!
No!
Oh, Jesus!
Who said I'd stay here?
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
Look, it's all right.
She's just disturbed.
It's all right.
It's all right.
She's giving her pills.
She's giving her pills.
Give her her pills.
Hey, hey!
Come on, don't let her go!
If it's your call, Reverend Stang, I'll...
Is she living or is she dead?

Or did she die?
Jesus!
Are you kidding?
I'm touching that one.
Is she living or is she dead, Reverend Stang?
It's that cow truck!
It's that chicken!
You hear that?
Hey, Devil!
Uh-oh.
You're locked up!
Smile!
Hey, I thought...
Gross.
Jesus fucking Christ, man!
What's he doing?
I was just killing her!




I just wanted to scare her!
You scared her?
Are you fucking nuts?
You scared?
I'm not saying.
You're not a military man.
You don't understand.
I'm not saying.
I'm serious.
You just got two dozen gay guys really dead!
Shut up!
Okay, let's get the hostage out of here.
I think this situation's over with.
Okay.
All right.
If she's...
We gotta stop all this!
It's all right.
It was only a...
It was the mild disturbance.
I'm sorry.





It was just nothing.
It was all over the place.
It was a performance art.
That's all.
And you don't need to discuss the poor, disturbed crazy woman on the internet or...
Oh, I love Disney.
...those fanzines or anything.
No, it's just...
I mean, it would be unfair to bring this up and drag the poor, crazy woman's name through
the media.
It's all just a prank and an unfortunate little gag.
And I'm sorry.
















She's dead.



And a reminder, those bullets weren't real.
And even if they had been, they...
She wouldn't be dead because they weren't silver bullets.
And it's all right.
Thank you.
And you may...
Now, just a moment.
How do we know you're the real life...
I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man.
Brothers and sisters, we have Reverend Staines alleged assailant in custody.
And as an example to all of you, we are going to deal with her as we deal with all who dare cross the church of the subgenius.
No, don't do it!
Spanky!
No!
No!
Oh, boy!
Oh, Bob!
Oh, Bob!
And that makes it okay.
Oh, yeah!
Oh, my God!
Oh!
I won't do it again!
We're just having a little fun with you tonight, brothers and sisters.
Easy play.
We're just...
We're just having a little fun with you.
We're just all just thrilled.
Good morning.
If anyone were going to abduct Reverend Staines from this place, the odds are it would be the Baptists or the ATF or the FBI.
We expect them to come looking for us more public faces in the church.
Reverend Staines, myself, Jesus.
Praise Jesus.
Praise Jesus!
Praise Jesus, everybody.
Go get the praise Jesus.
Praise Jesus.
Praise אַם Yesterday, today, the day we're going to.
The
Good morning.
Good morning to all of you.

Many of you out there will be burning your subgenius membership cards when you see Reverend
Stang or myself or Jesus hanging on the cross.
Hell no!
Never!
Never!
Hell no!
Will you be finding your God?
No!
Not me!
Will you be taking up your shotguns to avenge us?
Yes!
I think so.
And what do you think?
Or will you merely commit suicide and join us in subgenius hell?
You see what I mean?
Yes, brothers and sisters!
Mankind does not know it yet, but time is a horny cellmate waiting for it to fall asleep.
Oh yes, and brothers and sisters, your subgenius membership card is like a homemade knife to
smuggle out from under your mattress.
Oh yes, oh yes, and when time comes around, looking for the...
You'll get a load at your expense.
You will be able to defend yourself against it.
You will be able to wield your subgenius membership card like a flaming sword, like a smuggled
knife, like a gun made of soap at the very least.
Oh yes, brothers and sisters, time...
They say that time flies by.
Boy, the weekend flew by.
Time just flies by.
Shoot it out of the air!
Time does not fly.
Time does not fly by.
Time flies away.
Yes, brothers and sisters, and time is running out for them.
Today, we meet on this campground, and we'll have a little fun.
A little bit.
But two years from now, you better have the stomach for the sight of blood.
What is it?
Because, brothers and sisters, this isn't no candy-ass rap jam.
It's a little bit like the Christians had where you get raptured up and you just go
away and leave us behind.
No!
No, it is not.
This is going to be the fightin' rapture.
Yeah.
It'll be rapture for us.
I know I will feel nothing but rapture as my fingers crawl around the throat of the
conspiracy to choke that last spark of life from it.
Oh yes.
Now there's not much time.
Time is ticking.
Yeah, but soon it will be.
That's what we pick you here as the hammer gets ready to fall.
Morning.
The hammer will be falling upon the Christians.
The streets shall run red with their blood.
The streets shall run red with their blood.


The streets shall run red with their blood.
We will defame their most holy tabernacles,
and all that they find sacred will be nothing more than sex toys for us.
They say that humanity is just two hot meals away from anarchy.
We're here to make sure that those two hot meals are just the cooling remains of their neighbors.
Can I get an amen?
Amen!
Can I get a hallelujah?
Hallelujah!
Can I get a praise bomb?
Praise bomb!
Brothers and sisters, let's hear some noise!
That's the fucking way!
We gotta make some noise to let the heck out of this smell!
You better let the fuck out of here before the circus!
Second, knock it down!
Hey, men! Hey, black brothers and sisters!
You got better than you got anything else when you leave!
All you gotta know is that you're saved, brothers and sisters.
And sure.
Sure, you're saved.
But you got two years to work up your hate for the normals.
This place here, you can feel the love in it.
We will cleanse this place of that love.
Oh, sure.
Oh, sure, the normals, the pigs, they have their petty hatreds.
I don't like the man next door because he's Jewish.
I don't like the people that just moved in because they're black and they'll run the property values down.
I don't like those people. They just look funny.
I don't like those people because they park in my space.
I hate them. I hate them.
Oh, I'd like to kill that guy coming into my neighborhood.
Oh, yeah, the conspiracy will try to hide it.
I'm sure pretty soon Walt Disney with their incredible knack for changing history will be making that movie soon.
You know, the one about the black people in Africa.
The fact they achieved their lifelong dream of coming on over to America, they got.
Yeah, and Disney will be selling the action figures. You can get them at Burger King, all that stuff.
They'll be out there singing and dancing. Yeah, sure.
And somebody, of course, you know, in real life, somebody's gonna hate them.
Somebody's gonna hate them. Somebody's gonna hate you.
Somebody's gonna hate you because you're weird.
Somebody's gonna hate you because you're ugly.
Somebody's gonna hate you because you got a funny haircut.
Damn.
Oh, yeah.
Somebody's gonna hate you. There's always gonna be that kind of hate.
Praise hate.
Oh, yeah.
But that's just pure piss-ass hate.
Sure.
They can hate each other if they want to and they don't piss any hate.
I mean, they can. This is America. You can hate anybody you want for whatever reason you want.
Amen.
I stand up for the common man's right to hate for any reason whatsoever.
Who shall be the man who signs the paper that legislates hate?
Who will be the man who signs that paper to legislate hate?
President Obama!
Piss-ass. Piss-ass little hates.
But what can we expect from them, brothers and sisters?
Hate!
They're only huge.
Amen!
Amen!
Amen!

Amen!
Amen!
Amen!
Amen!
Amen!
Amen!
Amen!
Amen!
My один Overall Green Pipes Grand5
Yes!
Home
Good
La
Ground Control to Major Bob.
Are you over?
Take your pills and smoke your bra all day long.
Smoking like you need it, maybe. Over.
Ground Control to Major Bob.
Major Bob, are you over?
The Contra-da-sans-ou-van.
Uh, Dan, the conspiracy. Over.
Chase, come back and give us some more of that swag.
Uh, now, now, Tim, knock it in.
X-A-6-5-4-3-2-1.
And a five star!
This is Ground Control to Major Bob.
He's handing bombs away.
And a dollar's all he's got.
And a dime of iron's getting paid.
Now it's time to pour the sauce to his weak leg.
Uh, hey, I love her.
This is Major Bob to Ground Control.
I don't think it's over.
It's time for two heavens empty, naughty, honey.
And a seven to eight.
And a seven to eight.
And it makes me so mad I wanna take.
And a poop dog. Over.
But you, you're like Dallas, Texas.
And a beer's just burnt.
Start the song.
And a beer bomb. Over.
And it's turning blue.
Cause there's nothing I can do.
No.
Except praise Bob.
Except praise Bob.
Yes, we must all praise Bob, my brothers and sisters.
Yes, praise Bob like you mean it, sir.
You don't have no need.
Shout out back for me.
Praise on that bomb.
How sluggish, how assiduous.
And don't like those green facts.
Don't like those green, dead presidents.
La la la la.
Don't like those green, dead presidents.
Thank you.
And a beer bomb.
And a beer bomb.
No!

Dear zag, like dirty as a beard.
And a beer bomb.
Internet to see your present.
We may be jerks.
Small mites fall to your face.
A qui introduction to the bomb.
It's gonna lead ожид.






All the only I was doing.





What we will do now
The exit's been detailed
We must get in like the cow
And he'll bring us all the senses
All of the stuff
The world is turning blue
Cause there's nothing we can do
All together now
Except kill Bob!
Except kill Bob!
At last, over two thousand years
The XB-37's space-truck will take off
Hey Bob, where are you?
Never said that, okay
The ship's been moved!
We can't hear you
There's no more job here left on Earth
And the exits can't be found
Where are you?
Make a bomb, come over
Make a bomb, come in
Go to mission, Major Bob
Abort, abort, abort, abort
Abort, abort, abort, abort
Abort, abort
But, but, but
I'm against abortion
There is some law on the line of the rainbow
Damn!
That boy, I would still be
Stupid!
And you wanna talk about stupid, my friends?
Let's talk about stupid!
Stupid!
Call them out!
Let me get Bob, my friend!
Stupid!
Let me get Bob!
Stupid!
Let me get Bob!
Let me get Bob!
Let me get Bob!
You're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information on Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius,
send a self-addressed stamped envelope to...
Got your pencil ready?
Bob, Post Office Box 140303.
Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
That's Bob, P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Stay tuned and praise Bob!
Ah!


I will read from the minutes of the last meeting.
And these are very soggy minutes, so stick with me.
Because I'm here in the name of sin to tell you to get right with Bob!
Now some of you may be thinking,
Who is this Bob guy anyway?
I'm here to tell you that he is the super salesman of your Slack.
The conspiracy has bought and sold you and distributed you in little styrofoam cartons,
and Bob is here to help you break through that latch.
And get the hell out.
Thank you, Thighmaster.
All you need to know about the grinning man with the pipe,
he is the foe of mediocrity and the champion of excess.
He is here to justify your sins and get you back the slack that the soulless heartless conspiracy of the normals
has ripped away from your desperately clutching fingers,
stuffing their already full-to-bursting coffers with the pleasant excesses of slack that you need to survive.
Oh, and yet they're not going to do anything with it.
That's the damnedest thing.
It's enough to them that you don't have it anymore.
They hook you like a damned bass.
You're the fish you smell.
Let's see what you've done.
Ooh, it's just such a squid in there.
Oh, we're gonna be getting to that squid.
And let me tell you, I've seen it.
I've known men that didn't have that many tentacles.
And then little sucker cubs.
Oh, we'll try to grease the line so it moves.
through smoothly.
Oh, but where was I?
Oh, yes, Bob!
How could I forget I was talking about Bob?
Oh, yes, when this mighty Yeti overman came along
with eyes and pipe ablaze to kick ass across the cosmos
on the supersonic Nazi hell creatures.
He came for us.
And he came again and again and again
and again and again.
Oh, Bob.
And I kind of lost count at that point because I blacked out.
Oh, I'm sure you remember that night.
Woke up in a puddle of slack,
and you knew that Bob had been there.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
You know, you've got a choice here.
You can either accept Bob as the savior of your slack
or don't come crying to me when the saucers are so close
that the heat rays are welding your damn butt cheeks shut.
Because that's not my damn problem.
It's nothing to me if you have slack.
Or you.
You make your own slack.
But we are all here to give you something to slack off to.
But we are all here to give you something to slack off to.
We're here to provide that divine inspiration for perspiration, for your desperation.
Bob is there. He's got a nice warm leg to hump.
Make good friends with Bob today.
At this point, I think I need to go take a tonic.
Brace Bob!
Suzie the boozy!
