You say, what about your host? I don't want to delve into that, but I want to give you something that blesses my heart.
Here's Bob.
Ow!
What the hell do you think you're doing?
Superior mutants.
Repent!
Quit your job.
Take off!
The world ends tomorrow.
And you may die.
Well, no, probably not, but whatever you do, just keep listening.
The Church of the Subgenius could save your sanity with...
Are we controlled by secret forces?
Do you ever get the feeling that free will is a joke?
Do people think you're strange?
Do you?
Then you may be on the right track.
Are alien space monsters bringing a startling new world?
Jehovah is an alien and still threatens this planet.
Now, at last, the step-by-step process is revealed.
This is it. The only faith that promises action.
Thrills!
Success in sex and business.
Get all your slack and more.
Reverend Ivan Stang presents...
The Hour of Slack.
Slack.
We, the jury, find the defendant guilty.
Guilty.
Guilty.
Guilty.
Guilty.
Guilty.
No! No!
Guilty!
I'm not me, I'm...
The Subgenius.
The Hour of Slack.
Click.
Click.
Click.


Click, click, click, click...
...click.
Take off.
For a proceso ol XXIX you have no Euro.
Switch with yours.
Problem.
Ruins.
Super- beam.
Cow � Hoff Maid.
What?
Got anything in it?
Too fat?

You soon realize that they lead you inexorably toward the suspended waffle iron,
where butter melts across burn grates which penetrate the moist batter of buckwheat and julienne.
The game has begun.
Projecting your tongue into the crevices to soak up the savory enticements of public restaurants
where hobos stare through windows into adjoining boutiques,
you spot a man in a clown suit making popping and clicking sounds
on the roof of his mouth.
Would you go on, please?
You shouldn't have asked if you knew how to operate the game in silo,
because it was apparent and you've been paying any attention.
But you refuse through obstinance and recalcitrance,
and a general inability to comprehend that which does not contribute to the satisfying afterglow of your most recent bowel movement.
And...
And yet, you persist.
My slave, Anna Schwa, a salesman,
who forgot to bring his watch and who asked for these nuts over and over again until you forced his sweaty goddamn face
down into the scalding toilet over the edge of a back of his morning.
You ranted,
petripped down the cross-horset chain,
poked at your grandmother's forehead,
and she screams of mercy.
I can't get enough of Super Golden Creme.
From the very same God who promised salvation of Jews only,
you must at least prostrate yourself before them and roll around in the stench of your own despair.
Neighbors pointed and laughed over the big event, sir.
Then made a baseless insinuation about the large, rubber fist that burst out of the driveway
and rose to a vantage point which permitted its unfunly zones to rain down anguish and pain.
And whatever shreds of decency remain in the world of plywood nailed irrationally to the genitalia
of those who might protect you from a fungus that grows in the minds of anyone who has ever held down a high-paying job with a solid benefits package.
You never asked for directions,
and nobody knew you were lost.
Why did you expect to find anything besides a horribly disfigured clone?
Walter Mondale!
Despiculating Porta Cavern where genocide was once celebrated by the party hat people?
You've answered the question that nobody asked.
You've slept with the women who had no other choice.
You've entered the realm in which you thrive,
requiring no skill, initiative, or imagination.
You have become adjacent to the latex gerbil.
You are, you are, adjacent to the latex gerbil.
You are, you are, adjacent to the latex gerbil.
It's too late to stop, Bend the
You are, you are, adjacent to the latex gerbil.
You are, you are, adjacent to the latex gerbil.

You are, you are, adjacent to the latex gerbil.
The Rudy Schwartz Project, adjacent to the latex gerbil from the album of the same evocative name.
Tonight, the music is all new and the yakery is all old, puzzling evidence from KPFA Berkeley
with Philo, Hal, and Puzzling, and the late Don Joyce, and from WCSB Cleveland with Lone Cow Dave, Chaz Smith, Dr. Halla, and Dr. Sinister, as heard here.
We are back. We are back. Going strong. We got our guests here in the studio.
We've got Sacred Scribe number, I don't know what the number is.
273.
273. It's always either 273 or 278.
I'm Sacred Scribe number 273.
The prior 272 actually came to pretty bad ends, most of them.
I've lasted longer than most.
I don't know exactly what to attribute that to, except for the fact that J.R. Bob Dobbs was killed during my watch.
So maybe it's been easy.
Easier on me.
He's been killed a few times, though.
Yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah. He came back.
It's like killing Daffy Duck, practically.
He can't be done.
Those Christians talk about how their savior died and rose for them.
Jesus only died and rose once.
Right, right.
Well, that's a lot.
I mean, we don't mean to demean his achievement.
I mean, somebody has to come first.
True, but I mean...
And he wasn't really even the first, but he had the best publicist.
Definitely.
Yeah.

Apollonius of Tyana did it.
Yeah, who knows about him?
If you haven't seen Seven Faces of Dr. Lowe recently, you're out of the loop, dude.
This is also with me Dr. Howell.
That's right.
Dr. Howell and Owl, the toast of stage, screen, and radio, and that game Half-Life.
Oh, yes. I recognize your voice immediately, actually.
I keep waiting for you to say, I'm waiting here for my colleagues.
Why do we all have to wear these ridiculous ties?
Those must be lines from the game.
Yes, they are.
Yes, yes.
The secret passwords of those who know them, signifiers of a special and hidden bond.
Yep.
Well, we went to a devival in the neighboring state of Indiana, in the town of Indianapolis.
There weren't no Indians, there weren't no Apples.
I don't know what the hell they're talking about.
Just sprawling.
Just a plain, dreadful, urban waste.
Well, and the club.
Well, yes, and the club, yes.
And it was full of girls.
And the girls, yes. The girls.
And those beasts. Lots of beasts.
True. Beasts in Hoofhorn and Scalyhine.
The horrendous exemplars of nature gone haywire.
Now, new!
For a limited time only in the Western Territories, get a free Mole Man Wiener Whistle with any purchase of a Moley Man brand mole meal,
or squirming dog food.
Or a bounty brand mole man trap.
Offer not valid in Retribution Zone.
Hello, Bob, this is Father Guido Saraducci, formerly Pope Maurice of the People's Catholic Church,
and all of my fellow Popes from the People's Catholic Church.
Salute to the Church of the Sabbath Genius. Carry on.
Are we being controlled by secret forces?
Are alien space monsters bringing a startling new world?
Do people think you are strange?
Do you?
There is an answer.
I've been constantly, and I hope dispassionately,
considering this very problem.
I have come to the unalterable conclusion that man is unfit as yet
to receive such knowledge, such almost limitless power.
An invisible being that cannot be disintegrated by atomic fission.
That is our God.
That is a scientific impossibility.
There's your answer.
It must have been renewing its molecular structure from one microsecond to the next.
Trapped in your cage of only three dimensions.
Take it down now.
Take it down.
We're scoping this entire life through a meddling idiot.
A meddling idiot?
It's always Abe's brain that could contain the secrets of the Krell.
Reason.
As if reason would be the key.
They could hardly have understood what power was destroying them.
As if reason could turn as quickly as a watch can turn the hand of death.
You have got to reason.
That's the reason.
You could hardly have understood what power destroyed them.
You sent force secret media down to murder them.
You know, I just don't think I've ever given me a chance to be more than a man.




You're a broken ashes man.
For miles and miles we found a stream and...
Well, like it was all pink.
Yeah, and it was slimy, but we drank and...
Where it moved, we cupped our hands and we took as much water as we could in because our gills were already expanding and the mutations were starting to happen.
We knew it wasn't going to be easy, but we tried...
Oh, to have fun along the way.
Any way we could.
Our sensations were expanded.
Not much more.
The pain was more and so was the joy.
And the pleasure.
So we...
We advanced ourself along those lines.
He who thought unpleasurable thought was unfit.
He who thought painful thought was unfit.
He who was painful was unfit and was excluded from us.
Or else we would perish from our own suffering.
Sure, ma.
Sure, pal.
B.
O.
B.
D.
O.
B.
B.
S.
S.
Yes, there is.
Y.
Well, if we can think.
As long as we got our brains, we can think.
Oh, they'll get that too, George.
You'll see.
I'm actually excited about the new $20 bill coming out this fall.
The ones with the peek-a-boo view of Andrew Jackson.
Oh, yeah.
Isn't that like the fashion 20?
Oh, yes.

You can hold them up to the light.
They fluoresce and you can hear a little tune played.
Yeah, I remember that.
To defeat the scourge of counterfeiting.
Mammon comes in pretty colors now.
When are they going to come out with those Tamaguchi bills that you have to feed and care for as long as you have?
Oh, Lord, another responsibility.
The future was supposed to be easier.
I don't understand why we have to make everything harder and harder.
Like to operate your telephone, you need an instruction manual thicker than a phone book.
Far larger than the actual telephone.
Well, this isn't the way Hugo Gernsback said it would be.
No kidding.
The only thing that really is up to snuff in the future is special effects in movies about the future.
Oh, those are way better than I ever expected to live to see.
I don't agree with that, actually.
I mean, some of them are pretty good, but...
Oh, you're a kid.
You don't know.
We were weaned on Ray Harryhausen movies.
On the analog special effects.
Depends on how far back you're talking.
You are on the air.
Yeah.
Can you guys play the savage revenge of Helen Keller?
I wonder what Helen Keller would think of that music if she were alive.
She could sense the vibration on her skin.
Well, it might give her a good gut feeling.
Yeah.
Yeah, she was a filthy commie, actually, is something they don't really teach you in history class.
I was aware that she was a very angry child.
Enlightened and progressive individual.
Into polyamory, way ahead of her time.
She could take on whole teams of...
She was very violent.
Had cricket lights.
Had lighters.
But these days...
She liked to break things.
Well, it's only records, because, of course, she couldn't hear them.
She would always fall and...
But she did learn to communicate and to become a writer whose words reached millions.
People used to trip her a lot.
No, no one would do that.
Because they liked the old girl.
They liked her, you see.
She had that quality of likability.
And so you'd just like her, and that was that.
Unlike some people.
When you see them, well, you have the opposite.
I think I'm one of those people.
With the woeful countenance...
Listen, I hope...
They call it the Mark of Cain.
God's brand.
To show the incipient evil.
I think I got that.
It's written as plain as day, right on your forehead.
As large as life.
As big as a barn door.
And there's no way you can scrub it off, neither.
Now, I don't know if I've even come close to answering your question, but you are connected, and you have a chance to ask a question.
Oh, hello?
So ask if you have the stamina.
Oh.
Well, I guess the caller doesn't want to ask a question.
Nonetheless, like a green shoot of a plant that only blooms every 100 years,
this brief interval is open to those who want to ask questions and will receive answers.
Of course, I have to say, I don't claim to have any supernatural powers,
but you might be surprised at how I resolve your uncertainty
and tell you that the keys that you lost are in the left hand of the top drawer of the chest of drawers in the garage.
We make absolutely no claims to the accuracy of these answers,
but we do have answers.
We have answers aplenty.
What we don't got is questioners, so come on, you sons of...
I won't even say what you all are.
You just don't have it.
Who's gonna fight the next war?
By God.
Dr. Howell, where is Uncle Wilbur's real will?
Well, now, I'm glad you asked me that question.
Of course, the will that was probated is everyone's idea of the real will,
but just between the two of us,
between you and me and the gate post,
there is an opportunity to retrieve another will.
So I'll see you about that opportunity when we're off the air
and we can do a little bit of private business.
We've heard of your exploits even as far away as Dobstown.
Not the long ways from here, kid.
The hallucinations were externalized.
I might not forsake you for all the slack I must pursue.
You can't be hired cheaper and I know what I must do.
Gain in slack and power.
Every day.
Why won't you slam that look-plate on my way?
We're entering new dark ages.
Won't you come and turn the page and switch off this conspiracy machine?
I'll take an extra dose or two and look to you
and pull me through until that final day of reckoning.
Fine!
Well, that was a close call.
My plan has always been present and unlit...

Your plan is rendered flat.



Are you sure you'd be up for it?
Yes, ma'am.
How grumpy of me.
I'm sorry.
Better think about what you are now...
Time may know its worth.

I'm not forsaking you for all the slack I must pursue
Get me higher, cheaper, and I know what I must do
Gaining slack and power every day
Why won't you slip and look plain on my way?
We're entering a new dark age
Won't you come and turn the page
And switch off this conspiracy machine?
I'll take an extra dose or two
And look to you and pull me through
Till that final day of reckoning
Thank you, Reverend J. Cobblestone,
for that brand new track, Till We Meet in Dobstown.
Now, back to Radio Synesthesia.
Actually, right now,
we're in what's called Safe Harbor.
We can say certain things so long as we...
I don't know.
Somehow, there's some kind of weird distinction
between indecency and obscenity.
We can air indecency, but not obscenity.
Dodd-blangit-blag-stabbering-flag-baggin-snag-drag-or-baggin-snag-or.
Shalik-kund-da-la-day-ba-soya.
Hick-da-min-dick-a-honda-sock-da-boom-da-lady-yoo-hoo.
And that applies to each and every one of you out there.
I wonder if that covers all languages.
Ma.
Yeah, she wears combat boots and swims out to meet troop ships.
Cut your belly open and make you look at the black stuff you got in there.
Better to throw the food in the street than give the kiddies too much to eat.
But better belly burst and split than good meat spilled.
Well, since nobody seems to be taking the bait
except that same guy over and over again,
once again, that speaks volumes about the character of that caller,
the fact that he keeps taking the same bait over and over again.
They don't want to do anything.
They don't want to think about anything.
They just want to hear some tune.
Pour like water through their wearied brains.
I got a tune we need to play, actually.
A tune?
This is the world premiere of a song called Slackman.
Let me tell you how it will be.
Pleasure.
The saucers drop for free.
Because he's the slackman.
Yeah, he's the slackman.
Bobby Stowe, the Yeti past.
Pig boys, they are all a guest.
Because he's the slackman.
Yeah, he's the slackman.
If you hate your job, then quit.
Get slack.
If you got no friends, he's got your back.
If you're feeling down, you don't need to fight.
When you're down to the bottom, hold your mind on track.
Hold your back, slackman.
He's the slackman.
The tables, they'll turn around.
Planet X will soon be found.
We'll soon be found.




Cause he's the slack man, oh yeah he's the slack man
If you must die, here's what to do
Jump in his pipe, let him smoke you
Cause he's the slack man, oh yeah he's the slack man
But his friends, they know his name is Bob Dobbs
Bob Dobbs
Bob Dobbs
Bob Dobbs
Bob Dobbs
Bob Dobbs
Bob Dobbs
You can do this by playing with yourself every night.
I'm playing with myself now.
I wouldn't stop and save it just for the night.
I find if it's good at night, it must be good all day long.
Then, before you go to sleep,
play with yourself some more.
...of what you wish to accomplish following playing with yourself.
Well, I... I... Do I have to...
I've got to play with myself to know what I've got to accomplish.
It's the only way I can wrench it from my memory, so to speak.
And request your subconscious mind to work during the night
playing with yourself to achieve your purpose.
And I just pull it out of my self, so to speak, as it were.
And verily, though I say unto ye,
were that in something that I said,
then I say it again,
with that which I said forthwith.
...the victim emitting shrill, agonized,
playing with myself, with my pocket stun guard,
to keep me safe from myself,
because if I get carried away, I could hurt myself.
Well, now, don't run with those scissors.
With this Tennessee toothpick of mine, you can't be too careful.
Boy, don't wave that thing around too close, you know.
That's just...
And notice it's got a deluxe ink pen attached.
Well, okay.
All right. Be a show-off.
I can draw in both black,
black,
as well as red.
Well, I never had no education myself.
And look at the way it folds up
and fits in its specially designed pouch.
So smart, so chic, so hip, so pop.
I call it Big John.
How you say?
Incroyable.
It's a legend in steel.
I salute you on both cheeks.
Oh, thank you.
And now one over here.
This shall be your medal.
And one here.
Blackjack.
He wanted me to perform the osculocytosis,
and I was the first to be able to do it.
I had to think fast,
or be forever inducted into his fiendish devil cult.
I don't feel well.
I think I'd better lie down on the sofa over there.
Call it a fiendish devil cult, if you will,
but I call it a birthday party time.
You weren't supposed to hear my inward meditation there,
but I agree, it does have the semblance of a party.
Why, it's a mirror butt fantasy
with a dragon banging your head.
As I said, I think I need to go lie down over there.
I hope you'll excuse me for a minute.
Futuristic fantasy.
Furniture fantasy such as this can't be bought at any price.
David, what would you say if I told you I won $1200 this afternoon?
I'd say you're mighty lucky.
I can tear my lottery ticket up, I guess.
And I'm going out with you tonight.
But you had a theory about luck.
I know you've got some cash.
A little bit earlier, Colonel.
A theory that the concept of fairness is basically unfair.
You know that's sincere.
I mean it that way.
Okay.
Security plus.
Something you can't buy.
A price barrier such as this on these stun guns
is broken by Bud K.
Everything you can buy in a store and a little bit more.
Hey, how about that, Bud K?
Believe it or not.
They sell 11th century Mongolian knives
for less than $10.
Man, they've got some...
Believe it or not.
They've got some killer...
Look at this thing.
I love this one, man.
What's that, brass knucks or some horrible...
It's a sword with like spiked knuckles on the sword.
Blade at both ends.
Now you know that people who buy this stuff are...
It's just a killing thing.
Really big softies with beards who would never ever...
They walk around, they wouldn't hurt a fly.
If they saw a fly on the end of the knife in such a way
that all they had to do was just impale it,
they would just, you know, let it go.
At least that's what we tell ourselves
for our own comfort and reassurance.
But the other alternative is too awful to believe in,
which is that actual aggressive psychos
buy these dreadful and readily available weapons.
Not big soft...
Why don't...
It seems wrong.
Why don't they market these to the crazy weirdos?
They'd sell more of them.
There's only a few big softies with weapons
that don't want to kill,
but it seems like there's lots of people out there
with weapons that want to kill.
One must have the willingness to use the weapon
no matter how one is armed.
This classic favorite becomes a contemporary fad
to carry around your black razor.
Ew, put it away.
You know, some people are just...
I always like to caress the weapon.
And yet for me, the gas turbo pocket torch
packing powerful heat is the only weapon to buy.
To become more successful.
Well, a different...
I'm powerfully successful as an assassin with my...
Three.
Track down any prey.
It stands to reason an omniscient God,
omniscient God of infinite wisdom.
Would design certain organisms
with sets of biodegradable bones
nestled in a soft and pliant dripping frontal hole
which serve to mash the flesh of other organisms
into a soft digestible lump
which can pass through...
Conduits of pulsating tissue.
Here's the new laxative advance
for fast relief of temporary irregularity.
It's new Ceratan Plus in capsule form.
Conduits of pulsating tissue.
Conduits of pulsating tissue.
Which transform the digestible lump
into an excretable bromance.
And it's a new laxative advance.
Riddled with bacteria.
Riddled with bacteria.
Capable of spreading a disease.
Thank you, thank you, omniscient God.
Thank you for this lumpy brown mass.
Thank you, thank you, omnipotent God.
Thank you for these bones implanted in our softened...
...bonded bones.
...bonded bones.
Intelligent Design there by the Rudy Schwartz Project
from one of the two new albums.
The background music here is from his other new album,
Frop Music.
Collages have been mostly by Lemur,
but there was one by Miss Star Sistar.
And now this.
Oh, uh, someone's at the door.
Dr. Ivan Stang ran down, around and around
the narrow castle tower stairs,
toward the door to let in whoever has just caused
the flashing light to appear.
Dizzying array of things disturbing.
Yeah, those, those things that shoot electrical bolts
that are inside those big glass things.
I don't understand what they do,
but they're very impressive and very high-tech looking.
I had to turn the bottle,
a miniature sitting in the bottle,
or candor or whatever it is.
Oh, so candor.
Yeah, so...
To make your nighttime...
That was why you ran downstairs.
It wasn't because we had a special...

It's like, uh, yeah,
it was supposed to be nighttime for them a long time ago,
and nobody had turned the jar away from that.
It's like an egg.
You gotta turn an egg.
Right, exactly.
They won't have any more little baby candorians in there.
You know, if they did come out and get big,
they'd all be, uh, incredibly super powerful.
So, uh, they deserve to be kept on ice.
Right.
This college radio station happens to have
the bottled city of candor.
It had to end up somewhere, like Oswald's rifle.
We have that, too.
You know, these things just come, uh,
one way or the other,
and they end up in the collector's room,
trophy room, whatever you want to call it.
That Manlik or Carcano ain't worth a hooey.
No, but it's a historical souvenir.
And, uh, this here is, uh,
supposed to be, uh,
Cardinal Richelieu's pessary, it says.
But it's hard to tell.
This brown, shrunken thing, I...
It's difficult.
The years have not been kind to this artifact.
You know, I understand, uh,
they also had an example like that from Rasputin,
the mad monk.
When he was a monk, I didn't know if he had a pessary.
We've got, uh, uh, Jack Ruby's can opener.
No kidding. We have it.
And John Dellinger's can opener.
Yes, it's, uh, four and a half inches longer than Ruby's.
But, uh, you can see it right here.
It's part of the object collection from the subgenius movie.
Oh, God. Keep it in the bag.
Keep it in the bag, man.
Well, that's a church key that has opened many doors,
I want to tell you.
See, we have these things. We collect them because...
It's this Coke bottle that says fatty Arbuckle on the label.
Oh, don't knock that pubic hair off the end.
That was the subject of a celebrated, uh, court case,
uh, Arbuckle versus Arbuckle versus Arbuckle.
But, you know, he was exonerated all three times.
Well, that's not what history remembers, though.
No, because history prefers the sleazy reek of a good story.
You can get more of that here from WCSB.
Hey, you better look out.
Hey, you better look out.
O-O G-O-O-N
Y-Y-G-O-O-N
Y-Y-G-O-O-O-N
Y-Y-G-O-O-O-N
Y-Y-G-O-O-N
Y-Y-G-O-O-N
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you, Reverend Squalus Friday,
a brainwasher
called Brainwash.
Now, some ESO Swamp Radio
from Bold Knights of Yore.
Shave where the electrodes go down.
Just shave where we tape on.
Can I connect?
Yeah, tape that.
Turn it up.
Turn it up.
Turn up the electrode.
The...
I like that new knob you've got, Dave.
That's gay.
What?
Are you gay?
We're the happiest people
you could ever hope to meet.
That's right.
The plastic inserts
are not only made for body fun,
but for mental fun as well.
Enjoy this geriatric form
of genital sex.
Gay is too square for us.
We're yagged.
That's right.
Three-sided genital sex.
The wave of the future
is here now.
Well, today it can...
Well, we're pendrusted.
We're sexuals.
Oh.
We are pendrusted.
Sexuals.
Much the way Dr. Pangloss,
who used to say
everything is fine,
my beloved can eat.
He used to...
Explain that to me
a little bit more.
We can only get off
on another planet.
We're pendrusted.
We're sexuals.
We can only get off
if when we get off Earth.
But we also...
Speak for yourself.
When I'm a bisexual,
when they buy,
I come and ride.
Well, personally,
I just like cabbage rolls
and like a feisty old lady
down by St. Helen's Church.
Yeah.
I know you have to go see
a cockfight to get warmed up, right?
Well, that's not what...
You can't really get excited
unless you've seen birds kill each other.
What are you guys talking about?
Oh, we have no idea.
Remember.
People watch the line on drinking
to make sure you have alcohol and fire
on every level of your home.
Remember.
If someone in your household
smokes under the influence of fire,
you must be aware of Ontario.
Remember.
I'm a dangerous drinker.
Remember.
There's more to responsible drinking
than alcohol and fire
on every level of your home.
Hey, yes.
Coming at you.
Bob saves.
Bob saves those who help themselves.
He saves those who help themselves
to the inventory and sell it.
Bob saves the best salesmen of his flock.
Dispensations and indulgences,
papal ships and doctorates.
Forgiveness and blessings dispense.
Bishop Riggs and hay wagons.
Hay wagons and we can have fun out there
at this ingenious film fest.
Drive in, camp out.
Flood, water, and three-step parade.
You said the films were terrible,
but I don't know why we should adapt
these pink critical standards.
Films may be great examples of bulldada
and quite entertaining.
Well, I don't think terrible is a bad term.
Did you enjoy the films last time?
Absolutely.
Have they...
Blood and Guts science fiction monster movie?
Cannibal Holocaust I didn't like that much.
But how about Abbott and Costello
being chased by the monsters and the...
The Cannibal Holocaust was a little unnerving
when they took that turtle apart.
Well, you know, when you turn turtle
it automatically causes a certain...
But Abbott and Costello meet Frankenstein.
I love that one.
That's a good one because in it
it shows that the monsters are all in cahoots.
I think we should stick to it.
There is a cabal or conspiracy
of the monsters against the humans.
And of course,
this makes you want to root for the monsters
who were vastly outnumbered by the humans and normals.
I think I'm going to have a moratorium
on animal torture movies at our film festival.
Yes, even though we'll be consuming
edible animal products,
we will not view more animal stuff films
or tobacco films.
That makes them much more palatable
to the modern American...
Which is highly palatable,
particularly when fried and fricasseed.
Let's not beat around the bush.
All I know is that...
All I know is that...
All I know is that...

All I know is that...
When you fry it,
put a lot of butter and sugar on it,
it's going to taste good.
Oh, no sugar for me, boss.
I got epizootis.
You got epizootis up to maxis,
then you're going to have to have
the crassiest day shack and frack.
And we've got some of that.
We're going to take the...
I got my lumbago.
We took the big syringe
and we extracted the viscous fluid
out of the middle of your lumbago.
You can just put that thing back in its case, Sonny.
I don't need that.
And that's one case where the cure is...
is worse than the disease.
Well, that's what some people say.
Now, let me be sick
if that needle has to come anywhere near me.
But wait.
I'd rather not...
Will you be the last, Bob?
Someone has to, my friend.
Hi!
And when the last subgenius but myself
has ascended on those pleasure saucers,
I will be in the lead of the end.
Yes, I'll be there in the lead myself
when those packs of untamed subgeni run amok
in this sick gut blowout
party witcher society.
That's the only thought
that so many rogue subgeniuses
could be turned loose at any single...
That's the only...
That's only the hierarchics
of the subgenius foundation.
The subgenius foundation is garment.
That's the tip of the rogue iceberg
of real-world apathy.
Many cults require you to wear
special underclothing or...
But not us.
We desire you wear no clothing,
if possible.
Depending on who you are,
I mean, when I initiate certain subgeniuses...
If you've got strange appendages
and gelatinous, corpulent flesh,
we may ask you to leave your clothes on.
Exactly.
Now, at subgenius clenches
and other meetings so far...
We'll be clenching freely
in the woods before long.
Well, uh...
Clenching and wrenching
are butt cheeks together.
The ones who ought to keep
their clothing on,
remove it,
and the ones who everyone
would like to see...
Turning water into gasoline.
...sky-clad, as it were,
resolutely keep their clothing on.
Why stop at wine?
We need to shake up
these meetings and...
We turn some of the water into wine,
and once we're drunk,
we turn the rest of it into gasoline
and drive away.
...a more satisfactory result.
So that certain, uh,
key subgeniuses
in important executive positions
to be able to view
a parade of young
and comely postures
who would naturally be applying
for the full procedure
of initiation and qualification
in which the day was tied.
The Nazi hell creatures
and other dwellers in the woods
are not only capable of performing,
but to...
Think of those special underwear
that you don't have to wear.
Yes, it's true.
That is part of my ordination
as a deacon in the Church of the Subgenius.
Those special phylacteries
that aren't required.
No prophylaxis will be necessary
since the subgenius test is non-methylacine.
Did I say awake?
Fully awake?
In an eighth millisecond of slack,
I said fully awake.
But not much,
because my argument
to educate these said parents
is often causes the result
to be quicker
than one might have planned.
This is a normal byproduct
of the interchange
and should be enjoyed.
Thanks to the Puzzling Evidence Show.
Dr. Philo Drummond
was a regular on that show
for many years
after he was in the St. Louis band
The Swingin' Love Corpses.
Heard here opening a live show
with their best song.
Gentlemen, you're coming to
The Swingin' Love Corpses.
Woo!
Whoo!
Gotta say ya'll.
You think this song is silly
Ah-hoo, wah-Ro
Girlin' out and?-t partnership
Come back here
Yeah-he's wearin' JESS
Add-on
All of her like-ทำ
Our eminence
Come on now
Come on
Five minutes.
You can't even wait a minute.
It's taking too long.
I mean, you should have finished that business before you got here.
I told you.
What are you doing?
You're still dragging your unfinished work behind you.
And it sounds like it's going good.
I tell you, this is really professional.
Sorry.
Sorry about that.
Just forget everything you saw up to this point.
And we're the swinging love corpses, and we're just going to start over.
And as an apology to all of you beautiful fans who came out here tonight,
we're going to start with our best song.
This is our best song.
This is the best song that we do.
Oh, pretty mama.
Oh, baby.
This is our best song.
This is our best song.
Oh, pretty baby.
This is our best song.
This is our best song.
Pretty baby.
Did you know that, Reverend Howell, compared to slack,
nirvana is like having your eyeballs slowly gouged out with a carrot peeler
while receiving electroshock?
I know, man.
It's so difficult to tell and explain to these people
because most humans, or normals as we call them,
cannot conceive of experiences lying outside the ranges
set apparently etched in brass by their own nervous system.
It just amazes me.
Ten hours spent basking in the white light of the ultimate
is like ants crawling up your nose and burrowing deep in your sinuses
while you're dying of thirst in the desert.
In relation to an eighth of a second, an eighth of a millisecond of slack.
We cannot do because it lies outside.
Outside of our experiential base in this universe.
But by imagining that there can be such a thing as a new color,
Now, do you think it's possible for normals to know they have slack?
One has essentially performed a leap of faith,
and this act of faith itself is sufficient.
Do you have to realize slack before you can know slack,
even your own innate potential latent slack?
You notice it gradually, don't you?
This is the way it came for me.
You learn to surf.
On the luck plane.
To be an art mom.
Not to have a job and somehow to get by.
To understand in all things.
Well, don't forget the working, the power of working a mindless job for years and years
just to pay for your non-artistic talent.
This is me.
That's me.
For me, I took the other path.
I had to work for the conspiracy because my art was one which couldn't be expressed.
You're what they borrow.
You keep gathering up.
Yes.
We had to trickle down as opposed to bubble up.
And meet in the middle where we performed our gap analysis
only to find that we were wanting.
I bring in a camera and I want to borrow some money on that.
Well, we'll let you bring...
If you bring your camera in, we'll let you borrow the money
while we use the camera to take pictures of you
in compromising positions.
You are indeed his superior in every way.
Because you are his superior.
You are that elusive being a subgenius.
While you pay us more money not to distribute said pictures
to your family and loved ones.
The answer is incredibly simple.
I'm sorry we put these tight deadlines on you like that, but...
A subgenius is what the word subgenius really indicates.
Don't try your crying. Your crying doesn't work on me.
Therefore, let us pause and parse the word subgenius.
Okay, well, you gave me the slack.
Subgenius.
I wouldn't give her.
Genius itself.
Thank you.
The first syllable is the common prefix sub.
India is divided among Hindus, Sikhs, Mohammedan, and Jain.
This is commonly given to mean under.
Each picture in God, man, and the universe.
Just as a submarine goes beneath the surface of the waters.
And to be subhuman or subnormal is commonly considered a defect.
You know, I'm trying to explain something here,
and you're interrupting me, but what is it?
Your name is Steve Wilcox, and you're a pedophile.
I'm St. Louis.
You're entirely wrong. That's not my name.
I've never been anywhere near St. Louis, and I'll thank you not to interrupt me
when I'm attempting to make an important categorical distinction.
Steve Wilcox.
And the second half of the word is newsflash KPFA.
Oh, my God.
KPFA?
Someone made the connection.
KPFA.
Thank you very much.
What?
But you say pedophile as if it's a bad thing.
This is how rumors get started.
Well.
But I like this one.
A peddling pedophile peddling his pedicycle by the side of the freeway
in direct contravention of our society's laws and morals.
Come on, let's make fun of pedophiles.
Well, I was just trying to explain what the word subgenius meant.
Well, same thing, right?
It's real.
First they say you can't get married, then they say you can't be a pedophile.
There is that sense, of course, and it is a very real sense.
I just don't get it.
And we will come to that in time.
Well, when I joined up, they told me.
That you would have knowledge of those.
Okay, where's that Steve Wilcox guy?
We want him to call back right now.
There was a youth corps.
A youth corps of subgenius youth.
We want you to call back right now.
I've met some of them, and they are the brightest, most well-scrubbed, shining faces in the rising generation.
They are 100% true blue Americans whose red blood pulsates in them.
I understand.
The rhythms of John Phillips.
Let's not make fun of pedophiles.
I'm not making fun of them.
We won't do it anymore.
I'm saying that to be a...
Well, you know, it is getting perilously close to the end of our program,
and perhaps we should leave these distinctions in the theoretical murk in which they are temporarily enshrined
and no longer pick over what a while earlier in a less normal time slot seemed to be wholesome provender.
I agree with that.
But I only wanted to finish saying,
what the word subgenius meant.
I explained the sub part.
Go ahead.
You have five minutes.
Now I've got to explain the genius.
You see, everybody thinks that subgenius has something to do with intelligence or stupidity.
And, of course, it has nothing to do with intelligence and very little to do with stupidity.
But what the word genius means in this context is not the measure of intelligence or a supernormal intelligence.
Instead, it means a spirit.
As in genius.
Genius loci.
Or the genie who emerges from the lamp of the Arabian Nights.
An elemental force which is a directing and guiding intelligence in our universe.
And a subgenius is under his own genius.
Not under the direction of the conspiracy, the opposing force,
which wants the prototypical subgenius to work for a living.
Yes.
With the money, an illusion, widely subscribed to.
Purchase not true slack, which a subgenius seeks as his birthright.
But false slack.
Manufactured by the conspiracy.
Yes, the conspiracy wants him to work in a dead-end job to purchase the false slack,
which will not produce true slack.
For with the purchase of every tchotchke, palm pilot, and iPod,
true satisfaction still darts away.
Just beyond.
It's true.
The reaching, questing fingertips, as the grapes offered Tantalus in the underworld.
The reaching, questing fingertips.
Could never be grasped.
And unless you want to remain a sufferer, just like poor old Tantalus,
you have to drop what you're doing and become a subgenius and join us.
Surf the luck plane.
Be an art body.
Quit your job.
For Bob.
Mooch off the world.
Yes, it does owe you a living.
And we can offer many varieties of proof.
Right?
Then contact us now.
The address of our cult is still the same.
The old address that it's been for many years in Dallas, Texas.
And what was that address again?
That address which is known throughout the land by far and wide.
www.subgenius.com is your best and most readily accessible source for all of the contact information.
Let it echo wild and free.
And for those of you named,
Steve Wilcox out there who are from St. Louis,
I'd like to apologize for accusing you of pedophilia.
I know, that was a gag.
I hope you understand.
I mean, not to be taken seriously.
So, any of you other Steve Wilcoxes of which get confused with the other one true Steve Wilcox.
Oh, a true Steve Wilcox would never get confused.
Understand that that was just a joke.
And they don't have to hold it against me later when they have that big whip in their hand.
Did you see that cool car that was parked outside?
The Don Gun?
What?
Man, that's a real luxury vehicle.
It is a luxury vehicle.
The giant fins of the bubble dome.
It's a GM product, isn't it?
Yeah, the tractor treads.
That would give you an incredible purchase in any road condition.
Don't you kid?
You could drive over the bodies of people with that.
Eight wheels on that thing.
Really remarkable.
Crushing skulls, much like in the Terminator.
It must weigh a couple of tons.
And it seems to have an antenna.
There must be a satellite, a TV hookup, a hot tub, a salon.
And, of course, the smoking room.
And a barometric pressure reliever.
The hyperbaric chamber.
I heard that it gets so large on the inside that it can actually has its own weather patterns.
Oh, web patterns.
Weather patterns.
Storms, clouds.
Like the Pantheon.
Right.
A tiny hole is in the roof, but no rain ever manages to wet the inhabitants because it evaporates in its long fall from the roof to the interior of the car.

And look at this.
Of the Astrodome.
Rich Corinthian leather.
That's Naugahyde.
Stained to a doleful red.
No, I believe this is actually leather.
What was that other kind of leather called?
The fake leather?
It was Naugahyde.
That was a different car.
He was actually offered several cars, but this is the beauty that he finally chose.
This is the nice swinging car.
This is the one that has the fringe that goes all the way around and the little doggy head in the back that bobs up and down with the lights go on when he hits the brakes.
He's got his skirt on.






Some details of a bow, some details with a Two-anukes diamond,mate.



Very, very old.

And a web...
Badia.

Red.



You're looking at Verygard.
Yep.
And I was in a bad even
with no door to put my watch.
Don't get me wrong, I'll go somewhere.
I already was.
And just click on the link for some genius film content.
And as Philo says, there will be gambling in the tents.
There will be gambling.
In the Lord's tent, we will gamble and frisk as we bask in the divine effulgence.
Well, it's been great broadcasting at you, and I have to sign off now because I've got a pie in the oven.
Otherwise, if these nosebleeds didn't keep me out of my dark, I'd be here broadcasting 24 hours a day.
You can take that one to the bank.
And I'm going to have to eat that.
So, Mr. and Mrs. America and all the ships, see, I'd just like to say it's been fine and done.
Don't let any pint-sized, sawed-off, chin-pot dictator tell you what to do because you're an American citizen of the United States with the rights, privileges, and responsibilities of a total imbecile.
We interrupt this program to end it.
It's the only way.
It's been a puzzling evidence show, and say goodnight, Hal.
Goodnight, my friend.
Say goodnight, Philo.
Goodnight, Berkeley and Northern California and the world.
I'm not going to say goodnight.
And now the children are placing the Merkins on their chests to show that they're grown-up children now.
It's...
It's...

You have to live that over again.
You can't get beyond this.
I think we've gotten into a loop.
And now the children's Merkin chest hairs are becoming...
It's like a 14-year loop.
Much, much larger.
They're shaving them now.
Shave your knees, man.
Shave your kneecaps.
And now they're appearing on the Internet.
Shave your...
Salvador Dali-Parton.
Yeah.
Hot...
Close the...
Shave kneecaps.
Tuna cans.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Turn off the computers.
I'm waiting for this site.
Hot shaved knees.
Babes.
Babes with hot shaved knees.
Babes.
I hate that candy-colored clown.
He wear big boots and a big shiny hat.
He think he know everything.
Look, look.
He never shine his teeth.
Look.
It's salami all day and you can't see it on him.
Oh, my God.
He's fetid.
The metaphor for the conspiracy.
That's the secret meaning.
The fetid cowboy.
A metaphor for the conspiracy.
Into the maddening night.
Is that a true thing?
I saw this day.
Or is Roy Orbison a twisted metaphor for the conspiracy?
A silent prayer.
Embedded in this song.
If you wish to take the time.
Play it backwards and forwards if you like.
Examine it under the microscope.
The commands are clearly there.
The commands are clearly there.
In dreams whispered in your ear.
You dream of what you need to know.
In dreams I talk to you.
In dreams you're mine.
All the time we're together.
In dreams.
In dreams.

In dreams we've taken each other.
In dreams we're解体.

















