Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Dubs!
Bob?
Dubs!
Oh, hello, Mr. Dubs. What is it?
Well, it's probably not...
The Self Genius Power of Slack!
The Self Genius Power of Slack!
By God!
I am for Pastor David Epley,
your Good Shepherd Prayer Partner,
and your personal friend.
In the next 13 or 14 minutes,
something good, good, good
is coming your way.
So don't leave this radio station.
Let's have a good time together.
Let's have a good time together.
He's all I need.
He's all I need.
He's all I need.


Ah, yes.
And at the very,
at the very top of the radio,
the door of the day of the wrath of God
is at hand,
and that if you plan to get saved,
you'd better do it now.
...inth Fist Temple Lodge
of the Church of the Subgenius of Little Rock,
and before we begin
this sacred spouting,
I think that we should all
bow our heads and let's all have
a minute of noise.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Aiyaiyai!
Ay, ayyai!
Ayy-ay-aiy-aai...
Aiyaiyaiyai, ayyaiyai ya go dirt and den下
An ayyaiya, ayyaiyai...
Aiyaiyaiyaayaa...
Ayyaiyaiyaiyaiya, ayyaiyaiyawe
Ayyaiyaiyaiyaay...
A Yale de unexpected
Ay, ayyaiyaiyai, ayyaiyai,
Ayyaiyaiyaiya, ayyaiyai
Ayyaiyaiyai, ayyaiyaiyai
Ayuayoshyyysys.
Ayyaiy lie Greinofeunk
Oh, this is Timothy Larry reminding you that just as you need slack, Bob needs your help.
Send in those pledges and praise Bob.
Has this ever happened to you?
Why, I should have been there, Ted. It was great.
There was free booze, great music, one of the best parties I ever went to.
Where were you that night?
Oh, I just kind of stayed home and watched TV. I guess I should have gone, huh?
Didn't you feel stupid? Didn't you wish you could go back to that night, that party?
Well, maybe now there's a way to learn how to do that very thing.
Introducing Bob's School of Time Control.
At Bob's, you'll learn how to speed time, slow time, and make time run backwards.
But most importantly, you'll be learning how to make time work for you.
How, you may ask?
Well, just ask this man here, an actual graduate of Bob's School of Time Control.
One day, my dog ran out in front of a truck. Blango.
My dog was dead.
Was I sad, till I met Bob.
Bob showed me how I could go back, get the registration number for the car,
do a slip job on the brakes, and wouldn't you know it,
that truck went off into a ditch and burst into flames just exactly a block before he could hit old Booger.
Ain't that right, fella?
Yes, just imagine the horrible things that could be undone tomorrow
if you had only gone to Bob's School of Time Control today.
Courses start yesterday, but you can catch up.
Just right, Bob's School of Time Control, the universe.
Bob's School of Time Control, a division of Subgenius Industries Unlimited.
Go go Bob's School of Time Control, number one,
bottom the cup and
we go something.


and he Burnham justرت my account down and He sent me the honor of having a car and two pick up Ils hits right away HQI don't this bad kid to me was lost video of Bob sh-
Do you find yourself crying at funerals?
Do you ever feel clumsy when you're in an awkward situation?
When you laugh, do you often find yourself gasping for breath?
If so, ask your doctor when he can start putting you on more normalin.
Normalin is designed to allow you to enjoy the illusion of being the person you always
thought you wanted to be, but may not have been sure of.
If you ever thought you could be more normal, more normalin may or may not be the key.
Side effects may include, but are not limited to, simultaneous bleeding from the ear, nose,
throat, and rectum, bloody diarrhea and urination, frozen fingers, partial or full paralysis,
diphtheria, gout, morbid dental plaque, painful mixturation, sudden inexplicable vomiting,
tongue fur, enlarged nostrils, and a slight possibility of detached limbs.
More normalin.
It can help you be more normal.
Use only as directed.
I know, and among other things, Bog, I'm doing pretty well with those pills you sent.
Pretty well, but I can always use more.
And it's because of Ohio and the Ohio State.


And red trucks, and they're all gone, Bog.
But that's okay.
I hope you're as good as me.
Doug's right, Virgil.
We are different.
Soon everyone will be a superior biospecies, even Doug Smith.
It's the good news, son.
What?
Of the limitless sex?
What?


Just to put them on top of that.
Well, remember...
Yeah, why don't you shut the butt and lower sugar levels!
Francois van Brayan?
All right, I'm out of here.


Good night, business.
Good Volunteer.
Hiya końem verschmerzers!
How are youEpika?
Ghost?
Darn it, they think crazy!
Let them all around!
Anarchy!
They are cruel as three!
It's a rattle rock party town!
Party town!
Party town!
Party town!
I think this is about the sickest, sickest, sickest thing I've ever heard on KFJZ
and since I've been listening to it.
There's a fella down in Texas
They say his name is Bob
He tells me I should slack off
I should quit my job
Well I'm a subgenius
And I must have my slack
If I don't live forever
I get my money back
I get my money back
I get my money back
I get my money back
I get my money back
I get my money back
They said that on July 5th of 1998
The earth would meet destruction
Suffer a deadly fate
That day was long away
Now it has come and gone
There was no fire from heaven
And this old world rolls on
Well I'm a subgenius
And I must have my slack
If I don't live forever
I get my money back
The بُا θα genetics
made to suffer a terrible disgrace.
Of such humiliation, he feared to show his face.
Now Bob may be laughing because we are such chumps,
but there is no reason to be down in the dumps.
It'll all still happen, no need to curse or frown.
They got all the right numbers, just got them upside down.
Well I'm a subgenius,
and I'm a genius.

And I must have my slack.
If I don't live forever,
I get my money back.
I'm a genius.
I'm stupid.
What is my IQ?
What is my intelligent quotient?
I could have been the Golden Gate Bridge,
or Einstein's nemesis.
I could have been the dirty jockey,
I could have been the dirty jockey,
but it's all come down to this.
Me so stupid.
Me so stupid.
Me so stupid.
What is my IQ?
What is my intelligent quotient?
What is my IQ?
What is my IQ?
What is my IQ?

eight or ten?
And what does my IQ do?
Three or three out of ten?
Eat whatever you wish
싶은izar
I could have been Las Vegas
I could have built a drop-tire Rolls Royce
Could have been the president of the world
Could have had Ali on the road
Could have had Miss August again
Could have had Miss May again
Could have had Miss September again
But I waited till December made for me
Me so stupid
Me so stupid
Me so stupid
What is my IQ?
What is my intelligent quotient?
Hm?
atherine
BOOOOوmmmmmmm

Doing away with my life!
Ohhh aumenttechnique
Remember did you know?
It's about you
No
My two lives
Punk
Iよ
Oh, the snow is falling, I'm starting to yearn
For those hominy grits and the Christmas ferns
Won't you carry me back to the good old USA?
Yes, I want to go back where I was born
With the meth labs out in the fields of corn
Please carry me back to the good old USA
Plenty of public servants who have read their Bible
Want to give the ladies an ultrasound that's transvaginal
Where the unemployed ain't got no voice
And the Ku Klux Klan is a lifestyle choice
Carry me back to the good old USA
Let's go!
Oh, the snow is falling, I'm starting to yearn
For those hominy grits and the Christmas ferns
Won't you carry me back to the good old USA?
Yes, I want to go back to the good old USA
Where the unemployed ain't got no voice
And the Ku Klux Klan is a lifestyle choice
Carry me back to the good old USA
Where the unemployed ain't got no voice
And the Ku Klux Klan is a lifestyle choice
Carry me back to the good old USA
All the small town folks say, howdy y'all, and the governor's got no brains at all, won't you carry me back to the good old USA?
There's a cop on the beat saying, how do you do? The Supreme Court says he can strip search you when you come on back to the good old USA.
Hey, Bias Corpus, Schmabius Corpus, give me an American Treblinka. As long as you don't raise my taxes, I'll be a Kool-Aid drinker.
And I won't worry my pretty little head about waterboarding in Abu Ghraib, a patriotic zombie from cradle to grave.
Oh, beautiful for spacious skies, you gotta carry me back to the good old USA.
Oh, yes, dear friends, the good old USA. Princess, we and I drove from one end of the country to the other and are back again.
We went searching for America, and what we found was the Salton Sea.
Yes.
And a few other cool places.
And that song we just heard.
Carry me back to the good old USA was by the Rudy Schwartz Project.
And going from the beginning of the show, the titles were by Lemur.
After Timothy Leary, we heard a commercial for Bob's School of Time Control.
And also a commercial for the pill, More Normalin.
Both of those were by our friend, Reverend Bleepo Abernathy.
One of the few subgeniuses we saw on our trip.
Who?
Family trip.
Glass Madness did a Bob song there.
The late Reverend David Boone wanted pills.
GWAR did that song, Ragnarok.
And that was Reverend Chuck Varga singing as the sex executioner.
I performed his marriage a long time ago.
The song There's a Feller Down in Texas was sung by the great...
Ninslow at a divival in, I think, Portland and possibly Seattle.
A long time ago.
Wow.
And ZZ Top did my theme song there, Me So Stupid.
Although Weird Al did a great stupid song called Dare to Be Stupid.
That's more Devo than Devo.
And so, yes, dear friends.
It's been a, for us, for the last two weeks, Princess Wee and I, it's been a world of motels.
They had to have handicap access.
Hey, I wonder, I see the phone doing something weird.
Hello?
Hello?
Oh, it's Dave.
You know what, Dave?
It's a good thing that I was sort of on the ball because the blinky light wasn't working.
A different light was all blinky.
Yeah.
I was staring for the blinky light.
I was staring for the blinky light, but I never saw the Dave blinky light.
No, I saw the phone line over there and it made a noise.
Anyway, Dave, welcome to the handicap access room at Motel 6.
What happened now?
We left the lights on for you.
And the Wi-Fi was really, really bad.
And if anybody didn't get an email from us, that's why.
We tried to email you to let you know the Wi-Fi was pointless.
I thought you...
Yeah.
I thought you were talking about the new boatload of baboons you got coming in this
week.
But that was it.
Pretty much.
It was Route 66, wasn't it?
It was chimpanzees, actually, that we were expecting, but they were supposed to be gelded
or fixed and none of them were.
I needed a chimpanzee who did not have his equipment because basically I needed a helper.
I needed somebody to do some of the work that I've been doing for...
Yeah.
For years.
And a castrated chimpanzee, I was thinking, well, that would be relatively cheap.
Oh, yeah.
You needed a yes chimp.
Yeah.
Right.
Exactly.
Yeah.
A yes chimp.
You know, because...
Yeah.
I was just going to ask you, have you ever had your armpit hairs tied and twisted by
a tired chimpanzee?
Wait.
A retired chimpanzee?
Have your armpit hair braided by a tired chimpanzee?
That sounds painful.
I don't know.






Yeah.
Because they're not really very careful and there's a lot of mistakes.
I actually have my armpit hairs braided every morning by a beautiful spice princess.
Well, I do too.
So what do you think about that?
I think you're lying.
No, no.
She does these little aqua colored dreadlock things and she does like pink.
It comes right after and it goes into kind of like a soft beige color and then it comes
out pink again.
That sounds rather uncomfortable under your arms, Dave.
It sounds very uncomfortable to me.
Yes, very uncomfortable.
I don't know what is wrong with you, Dave.
You need to put your armpits...
Your talking is very funny.
Put your armpits back, pits back in bowl.
Back in bowl.
Don't start slapping chapatis my way or I will slap them right back at you.
We can't stop talking like an Indian boy.
An idiot orphan Indian boy because when we were on the road we listened to the book Q
and A by...
I don't know.
I don't know.









Philkas Swaroop.
I think it's Swaroop.
Swaroop.
Swaroop.
Swaroop.
Swaroop.

I can swallow syrup.
He wrote this book called Q and A which they made a movie of very differently with the
title of Slumdog Millionaire but the book is much better and deeper than the movie and
lasts for 10 hours instead of an hour and a half and because we've been listening to
that...
Audio book on...

tape on cd we can't stop talking like this see that's beyond the phenomena called called
echolalia where somebody will say something to you in a real heavy accent or something you'll
repeat it and they're like oh you're making fun of me but like making fun most children do this
without feeling any guilt or making fun of anybody it's called echolalia yeah you guys had what you
guys had what you guys had what we do yes way beyond that way beyond it's called chameleon alia
yeah no we we had it's true princess we and i both have chameleon alia if we're exposed to a certain
accent for very long we start involuntarily using that accent which can be embarrassing very yes
that's what i was saying but but you went beyond this this echolalia or whatever you guys were
calling it which i think is the real term or slightly different but the same term but what
you guys are still programming session it was lalala where you laugh out loud at every single
thing anybody says lalala and you end every sentence with the word lol and you begin every
controversial statement with the word lol and then when people read it they go oh it's just a
joke lalala
And then you put L-M-A-O after everything that you thought was exceptionally stupid.
Right. Or I forget the initials for this one, but blowing milk out of my nose laughing.
B-M-O-M-N-L.
Yeah.
Right. That was one I invented myself.
And now everybody's saying it, spraying it, laying it.
Yeah.
Everybody's doing it.
Yeah.
Everybody's doing it, picking it and chewing it.
Pick a booger. Pick a booger.
We may play that song. I have that queued up.
I could play the Rudy Schwartz project doing the Swingin' Love Corpses hit, Pick a Booger.
Can you believe that?
Was that off the Booker 9000 album?
No, it was off of one of Rudy's recent projects with Waldo, the little handbook.
Oh, that's on Sebastian.
Yeah.
Have you had your sebaceous glands re-oiled lately or just scrubbed?
I have, yes. I have to all the time.
You could play Rudy Schwartz until the cows came home and never smell a single waft of cheese.
You'd be as sluggedly as the dead folks are in the bone orchard.
You'd just be, you know, you...
The bone orchard. That reminds me of a cool place we saw called the Boneyard.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We haven't taken the tour yet, but we know how to take the tour.
The Boneyard is a thing that you see when you drive into Tucson, Arizona, and you think,
why, that's a very busy airport.
It appears, I can't, I must be hallucinating, but it appears to be 4,000 planes of every
imaginable kind all lined up in rows in a city-sized Boneyard.
It's the Boneyard of dead planes.
I mean, yes.
And it is. It's the junkyard of jet planes and fighter jets, passenger planes, everything.
And it will give you tuberculosis, as you have seen here, this recording of Lonesome Cowboy Dave on his lifebed.
Yes, yes.
God, that's scary.
Yeah.
So...
Yeah, but that was my next-door neighbor, so just don't...
Just don't.
You know, continue away, Montsour, because it was a rather brilliant story in a stupid way.
Hey, you know who cured that? It's Bag Bomb.
Oh, yeah. I was just wondering about that.
Bag Bomb.
That is weird. We are on the same wavelength entirely.
I don't need...
We could just, like, call each other's site on the hot phone, and it would broadcast everywhere,
because I was thinking about Bag Bomb tonight before I called.
Wow.
What makes this happen?
It's so cosmic.
It's so cosmic.
It's so cosmic.
It's so cosmic.









I bought it in my own testicular area, but I thought it would be too annoying for radio
television.
Oh, the itchy death.
Susie the Flusie.
Susie makes that happen.
Reverend Susie the Flusie makes that happen, Dave.
The itch and the Bag Bomb.
The itch and the cure both come...
From Susie.
From that bad, bad girl.
Now, Dave, how's the weather been?
It's ugly.
We had to...
We had...
Didn't we both end up having to drive through it last Sunday?
Yes.
I was in a very small area of northeastern Ohio that happened to have a river going through
it, and you were stuck out in the middle of mountainous Kentucky.
Oh, my asses!
I was on Interstate 71, which had been reduced to two very thin lines of gray on an endless
field of white, where most people were driving about 35 miles an hour.

Clenched and sphincter-tightened all the way.
I couldn't watch, Dave.
I had to look out the side at the pretty trees on the side.
I couldn't look...
If I looked straight ahead, I would go...
Every few seconds, which made Reverend Stang get very cranked up.
That van smelled like a bathroom by the time we got home.
I hear you.
Anyway, it's been a world of interstate highways and truck stop taquitos and...
And gas prices.
The lowest gas price we saw was $1.77 a gallon, I think, in Texas.
And you know what I said to that?
I had to say, thanks, Obama.
Because in 2012, the gas prices were $4.75 a gallon in the same place.
So, obviously, we have the evolution.
And, yes, and plus, on top of all of that, we have the coolest...
The coolest mom in the universe who hung tough throughout the whole thing.
That's right.
This was not a subgenius visiting trip.
This was a family trip.
And we were toting an 85-year-old queen mom with us.
And I wheeled her through Carlsbad Caverns.
It was a dream come true for me.
We toted a wheelchair with us just so we could tote her through the cave.
She doesn't normally use a wheelchair, but in Carlsbad Caverns...
She wouldn't?
She wouldn't.
She allowed us to.
She allowed us to wheel her through Carlsbad Caverns.
And I never heard the word wow so much.
Spoken so genuinely.
We went to Stangsville, Texas, and saw the Stang family.
And we saw The Thing in Arizona on I-10.
I'm sure all of our listeners know about The Thing.
How could you live without it?
Yeah.
Especially if you've got the Heimerich Historium manual to go with it.
Because that third scene, or not third scene, but maybe the same as the third act in screenwriting.
What do you call that?
Wheel to reel or something?
Baconate.
Well, Dave, I'm going to play a thing that was another audio book we listened to.
We listened to Princess Weepick, the weirdest stuff.
For us to hear.
She got John Waters' book, or John Waters reading his book, Car Sick.
And I'm going to play a two-minute segment from that that I thought was the funniest part of the whole book.
Well, do it quickly.
Because it's what would happen to you and me if we went hitchhiking, Dave.
Oh, it was the world's worst one then.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Well, in this book, he does tell the true story of his hitchhiking trip at the very end.
Yeah.




















He describes fantasy best possible rides, which I can't play those on this radio station because John Waters' happy fantasies.
And they involved anal action with aliens and stuff.
However, I can play this section from his worst possible ride.
And I'm going to pot you down for two minutes.
And you can hopefully listen and hear this.
I'm going to ask Dave, okay?
I wanted to.
John Waters has just been kicked out of the car in the middle of nowhere by an evil woman.
And we pick up where he left off.
It's suddenly dark.
Cars fly by and the drivers don't even look over to consider picking me up.
I'm not even back on Interstate 70 yet and I'm completely exhausted.
Some of the scabs from my earlier injuries have now stuck painfully to the fabric of my gut.
I'm in my jeans.
And every movement prevents their fragile healing.
The moon's not even out yet.
It's already come to my worst nightmare.
I have to sleep out in the open with no clean clothes for tomorrow.
No phone.
Like a bum.
I climb down a slope into a sorry little cluster of trees.
Scenic, it's not.
I'm lucky enough to discover a discarded takeout bag filled with the spoiled leftovers from a Chinese dinner.
I realize I'm starving.
I haven't eaten all day.
I dig into the carton of soggy white rice and rip open the only plastic packet of soy sauce left and mix them together.
Someone's picked a few red-hot Szechuan peppers out of their Kung Pao chicken
and I gobble them down and try to ignore the burning in my throat.
I blot my tongue with a stale fortune cookie and pretend I'm full.
It's suddenly freezing but I try to make do.
I curl up in a ball and crumple up the carry-out trash and use it as a pillow.
Just as I'm about to doze off,
I realize I have to go to work.
I have to take a shit.
God, how I hate the human body.
I so resent that I have to defecate daily.
I didn't even get to think up this disgusting little act and now I have no choice.
Just do it, I tell myself, praying there's enough foliage around to use as toilet paper.
It's hard to shit outside.
You have to remove both your jeans and your underpants.
I begin.
Suddenly I hear a rustling nearby and then an ungodly animal noise.
I grope to find leaves but I can't so in a panic I use a flattened rice pad.


I think I'm going to die.








Something lunges at me and I can feel sharp teeth biting into my ass.
I scream but of course there's no one around to hear me.
I grab at the creature and still with no pants on rolling around battling for my life.
For a split second I see the face of a raccoon and it's got some kind of hideous yellowish foam around its mouth.
Adrenaline pumps through my system.
I grab the wild animal and with both hands begin to strangle it.
The raccoon struggles back.
Biting my hand, spewing ravid saliva all over my face.
But once I get it by the throat and start squeezing, I can feel victory could be mine.
I choke even harder and finally the diseased creature lets out a terrible sounding death rattle before going limp in my bloody hands.
I struggle to put on my pants and run up to the highway and begin waving my hands to oncoming traffic.
Much as Marilyn Burns did at the end of the Texas Chainsaw Massacre.
And that was John Waters, carsick.
Like I said, that was what would happen to us if we hitchhiked.
Yeah, we'd be bit by rabid animals and I suppose I would be one of the rabid animals.
But I would just like to remind you, John Waters in person here, that read so loosely these artifact pictures,
that even when you're inside, you still have to remove both your pants and your underpants.
I know.
I'm sending the message that it's cold outside.
But, um, I'm sorry.
It's all right, Dave.
It's okay.
Everything's okay.
Sure it is.
We found some housing for you.
You did?
Yeah.
In the bubbles in the domed city?
Well, no, not in the domed city.
Not in the rich people's city.
Not in the Great Cathedral.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
We were shopping for a...
a suitable place, a new place to move the subgenius headquarters.
Someplace cheaper.
We were in California and we were in probably the cheapest land in California.
The Salton...
Oh, yeah.
The Salton Sea, which we finally got to visit.
If listeners, if you're not familiar with the Salton Sea in California, Google it and look at some of the pictures.
It's a land of ruins and rotted...
rotted fish.
It is a sea, an inland sea created by accident where there shouldn't be an ocean.
And it's the saltiest, saltiest and most toxic.
And yet beautiful.
It's so lovely looking.
If you wore a gas mask and had 70 grand, you could have a fairly big house surrounded by meth heads and rotting trailers.
And buildings sinking.
And the muck.
And the smell of rotten...
rotten everything.
But it's...
It's...
It's like 120 degrees for all summer long.
It's the lowest, second lowest place in the country next to Death Valley.
That's about the same temperature.
It's unthinkably hot.
And it's affordable, Dave.
So we're going to be sending you to the Salton Sea.
We'll pay for your long distance phone calls to the show.
And we'll be joining you there soon with the new Cult Headquarter equipment.
At this point in time, I would probably take you up on that offer.
Because as every turn home from work, I open the door and only open partially.
And it's like, what the hell's going on?
Things must have got worse with my leaking stuff.
Well, a bunch of tiles...
of tiles fell on the floor from the leak and blocked my entry until I had to clean it out.
And they're all...
They're all mushy.
Oh, my.
Tiles were washed down the stairs from your bathroom and piled up against your front door?
That's terrible.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I bet it smelled terrible, too.
Well, of course it smelled terrible.
Well, we've had accidents all day today, I guess.
Hmm.
No excuse.
Half your house fell off, didn't it?
What?
Half of your house fell off, didn't it?
Well, just...
No, no.
More like a fifth of the house.
A 20-foot-long gutter fell off of the Slacker Mansion roof this morning.
Woke us up with rather loud car wreck sound.
Yes.
It was...
Oh, and the other thing, Dave, this is important.
Oh, sure.
When...
As I say, this...
This wasn't exactly a subgenius trip.
Although we did stay one night with Reverend Samantha from the Mutant Mountain Boys.
Yeah.
Aye, aye, aye, aye, aye, aye.
And...
But we...
Mainly, we...
The reason we drove all the way across the country was mainly to see our grandchild...
To get away from me.
Not...
Yeah, to get away from you.
To get away from Dr. Sinister.
To...
To...
And...
And to see our grandkids and my father's hound dog.
And I'm going to play you the only recordings that we made for two months.
See, it's been hours.
Slack reruns for two months.
And we didn't really work very hard on the show while we were gone.
But I'm going to play the only recordings we made, okay?
One is 15 seconds of my grandson's doctor band.
I wanted to hear that, too.
I'm sorry.
And then you'll...
We'll be listening to Pappy's old hound dog, Dammit, and his encounter with some coyotes.
Jingle bell, jingle bell, jingle bell.
Chicken!
Jingle bell, pig!
And jingle bell, cow!
That's a jingle bell, chicken!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Yes, that is Dammit.
The hound dog doing a concert with some coyotes.
I guess they must be.
Late at night.
But right outside our bedroom window.
Right outside the window.
Wow.
So lovely.
It sounds like the fuzzy little egg people returned to the backyard there in Texas
and just kind of like squatted and took up their own cause to live
and named their own country Texas Minor or something like that.
Wow.
I never heard that little tremble in his voice before.
I think that was anger.
No, that's when he's doing the subgenius salute.
That's his way of going .
I think maybe that's where it originated.
Well, that is certain.
Oh.
Gee, now I can hear the coyotes.
They sound like a bunch of little coyotes.

They're like the little coyotes of like Spanish ladies with real high haircuts and stuff like that.
That's what I thought it was at first.
I thought, wow, how come these old Spanish ladies are invading Pappy's backyard?
They're looking for Pappy.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
That's truer than you know, actually.
I don't want to go into any terrible disgusting details, but that's truer than you know.
Yes, sir.
Well, pretty sure we'll all be disgusting, I suppose.
Just because we still...
Well, I'm not sure.
I think they're opposite sex or something.
Or, you know, the opposite.
Well, it sure turned us on listening to that yodeling out there.
Oh, wait.
That's...
I keep turning the wrong thing down.
I thought I was turning down the coyotes, but I was turning down the Dave.
That is some of the weirdest animal noise I've heard in many, many, many, many times.
Um, that's...
At least.
Uh, yeah, that's the dog, Dammit.
Not to be confused with Chicken John's dog, Dammit the Wonder Dog.
Well, he was having like a song contest with those coyotes.
Yeah.
Yes.
And he was like, you know, like, oh, you went, I'll go, and all that stuff like that.
And then I started thinking, well, if that's what it's like to have a heart attack with a straw stuck up your nose, that's my idea of a...
courtship.
That's romantic.
That's so romantic.
It is.
That's as romantic as a Waffle House.
Did you ever notice that when you were real young and you wanted to impress a chick, you could stick like a bobby pin, not a bobby pin, but a safety pin through your earlobe and smile at her and stuff like that?
And...
And...
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Man, that sounds really painful.
Pull yourself together, man.
I'm pulled together.
How are you?
I'm fine, thank you.
I'm an American and proud to be one, too.
Look into the looking glass.
What does it say?
What does it see?
What is it?
What?
It's a big, white baboon.
America.
No, a mandrill.
That's what it is.
It's a mandrill, because those are the ones with the pink posteriors.
I get them confused.
Because mandrills are like blue and stuff and very colorful.
Are you saying the USA is a mandrill, a monkey butt?
Yes.
Is that what you're saying?
Yeah, well, did it take a long time?
Yeah, sure, of course.
You did go see American Sniper, didn't you?
Because if you don't go see that, then you're not American.
Also, you have to go see that movie, The Interview, so you can prove your hate.
See, that's the important thing.
The important thing is to let everybody know how angry you are.
It's even better if you go see the American Sniper and go see The Interview, and then
you have an empty chair sitting next to you, and then you try and grill the empty chair
next to you if you really want to say that you enjoy American Sniper.
Thanks a lot, Mr. Obabo.
Are there lots of people sleeping under the seats?
I'm wondering, you know, because I heard some of that movie was pretty violent.
Like the guy went around shooting stuff or something like that.
What actually happened?
Whoever heard of violence happening was Snoppers.
I don't get that.
Snoppers.
Snoppers, they never did nothing violent.
That sounds like it should be Stange Dog's name, Snappers.
Snoppers.
Snoppers.
That's right.

They've got something.
Maybe you even speak English.
You even speak English, man.
You're saying Sniper.
I'm saying Snapper.
David, I bet you've never been on a sniper hunt.
You ever been on a sniper hunt?
You can stand out in the woods with a big sack for about five hours while the rest of
us beat the bush and make the snipers run into your big sack.
Why don't you stand out in the woods with this big sack here?
That is the most wild, disgusting thing.

totally rancorous thing I've ever heard in my life.
What gives you the right or the why?
Why?
Why would you say such a thing to me?
Well, isn't that the question the audience is asking itself right now?
I've never been a snow punt or whatever they're called in my life.
You mean, was I ever fooled by all the other kids and sodomized
and made you run up and down the hill?
Well, Dave, you were kind of asking for it back in those days,
being such a sissy, a sissy boy.
The rest of us couldn't help but pick on you.
It was just, you know, it just felt right.
Yes, but it was the sloping forehead, I got it for him.
Yeah, 33 degree angle head.
High mast, there were all kinds of things to be done with this slope.
Being at 33 degree angle forehead.
And they were quite right.
In many ways, things have gotten much worse.
And they always will.
Thank you.
And thank you, lonesome cowboy Dave.
And thank you, Reverend Ivan Stang, for this wonderful, wonderful evening.
And I hope things turn out for you and little missus when it comes to that big,
you know what, tomorrow night at 6.30 at the, is it the, is it the Red Ridge?
The playhouse, the playhouse in downtown.
And we're going to go to that playhouse right now
and listen to this great little ditty called Pick a Booger,
originally done by the Swinging Love Corpses,
this performance done by the great Rudy Schwartz Project.
Stay tuned.
And we'll be right back after this brief song.
Thank you.
Come on.
Everybody put your finger in your nose.
Pick a booger out and wipe it on your clothes.
Slide.
Don't know how you feel one way or the other
Pick a booger out and wipe it on your brother
Pick a booger, pick a booger
Pick a booger, pick a booger
So you're driving in your car and you're looking at your neighbor
Minding nuggets from his nostril like he's savoring the labor
He's pulling, he's tugging, he's yanking on a string
It's a long slimy thing still connected to his brain
Pick a booger, pick a booger
Pick a booger, pick a booger
Pick a booger, pick a booger
Pick a booger, pick a booger
Pick a booger
Pick a booger, pick a booger
Pick a booger, pick a booger



Pick a booger is a royal high notes
The kids all wanna have it in crustaceans
Because the Pick a Booger Boogie is a new sensation
He holds it, he rolls it, he's checking it for hairs.
He flicks it away, but he's looking debonair.
A green one on his finger, he's been flicking it for days.
Pick a booger boogie, it's the new dance craze.
Pick a booger, pick a booger.
Pick a booger, pick a booger.
Pick a booger, pick a booger.
Yes, Drift Dance like...
Sending your sinuses to Arizona.
Oh yes.
Dave?
Yes, I wondered what happened.
I was going to say that extraordinary feet demand extraordinary toes.
Well, you know, while the listeners and you were listening to that...
song, Dr. Sinister and Princess Wee and I were listening to your tuberculosis.
And we could hear you, your breathing on the phone, really loud over these speakers.
The way this thing is set up, when I fade you down on the air, it causes you to fade up in the studio.
It's strange.
So we got to listen to your hacking and tubercular coughing and your picking.
And you're picking?
And you're puking.
You're picking and puking.
Hey, you know, it's funny.
Somebody's been...
We've seen photographs...
That's the best reception this phone has ever had.
Because when I tried to vomit on my knee, I removed the phone from my ear and covered
up my hand.
And so I find it hard to believe it, unless I'm hyperventilating and I don't even know
it.
Well, Dave, maybe you can explain these photographs we've been seeing of graffiti in
joints.




So, I'm going to show you a picture of a pen where people hand paint or hand write
or use printed stickers with the phrase, Stang pukes you.
Now, either there's a weird subgenius out there who thinks that that's sort of like
saying Bob loves you, but it's Stang pukes you.
Or there's some kind of Mustang haters or lovers or something.
It's very mysterious.
It was like all your base are belong to us.
But it made less sense.
But it made even less sense.
And we started seeing all your base are belong to us in Amsterdam before we started seeing
it here.
And so maybe, who knows, maybe Stang pukes you will be the next big meme for one minute
or two.
Who knows?
Stranger things have happened.
Yep.
You certainly got maybe like 45 minutes going over the last 20 years.

30, 40 years.
I mean, or at least three hours of staying in solid airtime.
No, I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to pull your armpit hairs because you were making fun of my breathing.
Well, it's pretty funny listening to a guy croak right on the air like that.
Let's see, if Dave actually croaks, that won't be funny.
But as long as you stay alive, that'll be sort of funny.
Well, can you still hear it?
I know this is not the...
No.
No, because we have the tuberculosis filter on now.
We don't hear it.
Yeah.
Don't you wish you had had one when you caught that disease?
Back when I first started smoking cigarettes 42 and a half years ago.
Poor old feller.
Poor old feller.
You know, it's peaceful out here in the wilderness.
You can hear the coyotes in the background.
And make up your own mind.


We're all listening to our own songs, much the way Rick Freckles did, or does.
But at the same time, we lose kind of track of what's really going on around us.
The things falling from the sky, crushing old ladies, hopefully, as many as...
Never mind.
And just coming up the atmosphere, we look at the, for instance, the chemical trails
that the aardvarks are leading to mark their territory.
Those chemtrails, Coyotes.
Malino, you make that sound like a lot of mistakes.
Maybe you should do something on every other device.
How much is an aero pack, and doesn't it cause autism?
Now, a marine thunderstorm now is
still unable to Douglas offers a first-time
human condition.
Aye, aye, aye.
You're right.

Tracking keer Beit?
A Check-Example of theушки in the Department of Astrophysics.
my memory of the weather, it's gotten
really, really, really, really
weird.
Well, the weather's gotten
weird and the human
race has gotten weird
and
that's all good, right? Weird is cool, right?
Weird is always cool. We're like,
this is the Church of the Weirdos. That's Princess
We Are Doe right in the room here with me.
She's Princess of the Weirdos. Princess
We Are Doe. Get it? It sounds like
weirdo. A lot of people didn't know that.
They call her Princess Way.
That's how you can tell who hasn't ever listened
to the Hour of Slack, even once.
Somebody thought it was like Finch Way
or something, like one of the arguments
they used to use in the old Taoist,
I'm sorry, scriptures
like, is there a standing monkey
pose or something like that?
The standing monkey pose.
Yeah, that was the way.
The woo way.
Woo way.
The woo way.
We say woo wee.
I'm saying woo.
That proves you're not really,
you know, you think you're in the know,
but you're not really in the know.
If you say Princess Way...
You can call yourself
an aardvark again
too many times in one paragraph
if you ask me and stuff,
and ask her why she didn't do it anyway.
You know.
Well.
Well, well.
You don't know.
That's the problem.
You don't know why she did.
Because the thing was,
you could have gone francophile.
Am I right?
You could have gone all francophile
and called yourself OUI.
And then, you know,
you could talk about
the gospel.
Yes, yes.
No, no.
And then you could
say Aga Princess None.
Ah, yes.
Friends.
God, God.
Coming down near the end
of the horrible show.
In fact...
No storm, no trees.
We're going to...
Ah, peppers.
I'm crazy.
I ran with my foot.
We're going to play a protest song.
Not by Dave.
The president's on the phone
being just about the only protest song
that's been performed in the United States
in years.
Not to mention,
by the way, I just,
got in here right now.
The president's on the phone.
Great song.
And I've heard a couple
different versions of it.
There was the president's
on the phone talking about liberty,
but he's watching you and me.
There was also the president's
on the phone.
You did a couple different versions
of that song, Dave.
There was also,
when they blow up your car
in downtown Kandahar,
that's my war ray.
How could you remember that?
Because it was a work of genius.
And nobody who ever,
hears that kind of thing
can ever forget it.
It's on YouTube, friends.
Type in the president's on the phone.
I never saw it on YouTube.
There's a very nice little music video
using graphics by Lee Murr
and Embaucher
and all those great old-timey subgenius artists.
And it's got Dave
from the Beachland Ballroom recording,
I believe.
You can also say
when they blow up your car
in the province and bar.
Right.
But anyway,
that's not the song we're about to play.
The song we're about to play
is Rudy Schwartz's project song
called Kill for God.
And people say
we don't make fun of the Mohammedans enough.
Did you scrub that track?
Because I think there's an F-bomb
or two in that song.
I did scrub this track.
So you have the radio edit.
Yes, this is the radio edit.
And Dave,
we'll see you next week.
I'm going to leave you listening
so we can hear your wheezing
as we end this horrible show
here at...
subgenius.com
Okay, I'll talk to you
soon about Targis.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
