Bud Light presents the subgenius power of swag.
Real American heroes.
Today we salute you, real American heroes.
Don't stay in too long, or everyone will shout.
Finish quickly and come back.
Ah yes, dear friends, tonight we're going back to 19X Day once again.
This time we're listening to a soundtrack of a video.
Yes, I just finished editing 19X Day the first day, Thursday.
And I was thinking after I finished it, well, the soundtrack would make a fine hour of slack
if I took out the stuff that requires seeing it to be interesting.
But then I realized I've already used some of that stuff on the hour of slack,
so what you're going to be hearing is a chopped up video.
This soundtrack is mostly the Thorazine Urine Pod Crust performance
that I thought was great, except you've heard some of it.
And here now is, chopped up quite a bit, the rest of it.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.

Bob stole the song!
Bob stole the song!
Bob stole the song!
I think that song was called,
Everything is a dodo if you're brave enough.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh yeah!
Hey!
extras
Right, it's like the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer.
Because it's so random, that's why it's so important.
The stupider it looks, the more important it probably is.
Which, that would make me really important.
I need to pyroflatulate.
Does anybody got a lighter?
Oh, it went away, I can't do it now.
Everybody's lucky.
I can't do it in front of everybody.
It won't light if people are lucky.
Thank you.
Saucers in the sky.
Coming down, we're getting desperate on high.
All you motherfuckers out there, didn't pay.
You're gonna learn, come back to stay.
You're gonna die up in the flames of a gun line, in the infamy.
Hey, hey, didn't have rhyme in that time, but it's okay.
We're all gonna die anyways, well not us, because we went in and paid.
Thirty five dollars, thirty five dollars this is not a reasonable fee.
Pay now.
Salvation! Eternal salvation! Don't cheat, bow your soul, don't be like people who aren't like me!
Dave's not here. And I miss Dave.
I got your sunglasses.
Are you ready?
Let's jam!
Let's jam.
It's not jam, let's jizz.
Let's jizz.
Why would you prefer jelly?
I am a robot. What is jizz?
Exactly! As Princess Doug here said, why not both?
Why not both?
I expressed my feelings!
With touching of my arms, Trump, going to the bar with 50 cents.
Trump!
Trump is coming to the bank, taking back his scrum home from that bunch of crap.
Dad said, don't take so much from this, or your mom dies.
Son, instead of fucking with the dumb lads, take my hair and grow.
Scrum!
Scrum-a-lum-tchus, scrum-a-lum-tchus, scrum-a-lum-tchus.
Scrum-a-lum-tchus.
Scrum!
Hear me out!
I know you like to think your scrum don't stink.
I want to hold your scrum, I want to hold your scrum.
I want to hold your scrum.
I feel like you don't do that scrum for me, J.R.
Scrum!
Scrum!

Awesome!
Can't you ever feel like maybe you were too much into scrum?
Like maybe there's more to life.
I honestly think there's fun.
I think that, you know, if more people just tried it.
I worry about us.
If more people just tried it.
I think about our scrum.
No, if everybody's scrummed, we'd have world peace. Sure, but it's not cheap.
I love my people.
I think we have more people and parents, and I think the scrum will bring that about.
It's not because they've posted their phone number on the internet and it's easily accessible
and you know somebody's got to answer and they have to be polite for you because it's their job
and they might lose it otherwise.
It's not because if they don't say, yes, we accept your support, animal parent, that they're going to lose their jobs.
It's not that they comply because if they don't let us use their bathrooms as we pee all over their seats
because we might be any number of genders, they're going to lose their jobs.
It's because they want to answer because their alien landing sites have been their sanctuary.
I guess I'll have inside a pancake sink almost like dessert for dinner.
I'm going to have some of that, but what do you put on it?
What do you put on your pancakes?
It's on. It's all scrummy.
You put on the mind control syrup.
An extra scrum.
The moral of the story, it's really delicious. You need to check it out.
Womblehouse.com, our new sponsor.
Thanks, Womblehouse. Love your mind control syrup.
Bring on the aliens.
Thank you, Womblehouse, for hours of Thorazine.
Always busy, never working.
Call now.
Thorazine urine can be subscribed through your mobile cellular internet interactive device.
Subscription fees may vary.
We're all about sharing the love here on Thorazine urine.
Let's jam again later.
If you can hear this mic, boo me as loud as you can.
Oh, that's a fake fin.
That's a fake fin.
No fault for the draft.
What you need to do is put your hands together and clap.
Clap like you've never clapped before.
Say, I believe in it truly. I believe.
I believe it's true. I believe.
Club people. Club people.
Club people.
It's a real fit back here.
We need to see this.
It's a real fit truly.
Please stand up. Please stand up.
Please stand up.
It's a real fit truly.
Please stand up. Please stand up.
Oh!
I think if there's anything we need to do right now,
we need to invoke the power of Bob to take away your ability to walk.
Conspiracy be gone!
Thank you, Bob.
Can we have somebody step forward for Bob?
Kiss, kiss, kiss, kiss!
Cast off your conspiracy shackles.
What do we do?
What do we do?
We'll rule all of Fitzbrown. Don't step in it!
Terrifying creatures lurking in the dark!
Sinking out...
Flashing penises!
Beating
Mainenene
wouldn't let me
be
the
Okay.
There you e-
We need you folks! Talking to you! The two to seventy-eight people!
Cover your ears! Cover your ears, children!
Did you turn the 78 RPM?
Keep me on the podcast so no one can hear me.
It's about 33 to the third!
Thirty degrees to the third? That's my favorite game.
33 to the third!
What are you talking about? Illogical numbers? Don't you ever download a calculator?
Why are you trying to divide one by three? Why are you trying to do that shit up here?
There's not going to be any math in a few days.
Oh no. I hate this world. It can blow up soon.
It's good! Friends! Friends!
It's all going to blow up. I do hate this world. It can blow up soon.
We owe you heads up! We owe you heads up!
We have bombs! We have tech! And money! And crap! And boulders! And scrum!
But mostly crap! I do not want to, you know, use plug-
Come on, X-Men! Where the fuck are you?
We talk a lot about scrum! And scrum is pretty good!
It's a scummy bug, not that I'm proud of it! It's not that I'm proud of it!
I'm voting for scrum!
Make scrum great again!
Scrum is not as good as it used to be in both the ever-sistant movie production out of North America
and we gave little scrum jobs to immigrants.
It's hard to hurt other people!
I am?
No, not that either!
And when?
July the 6th at about 9.58 AM.
There won't be anything left!
Ash. Only ash.
Except for the toilet stalls here at Wisteria which will stand as the last testament to the fact that this planet didn't deserve to go on.
Though actually, I must say, from my first next day I've been impressed with the quality of these porcelain.
We call, Reverend Stan calls it a porcelain.
He calls those sweat lodges.
Well, I haven't been in one long enough to find out.
That's a lucky and very fortunate thing.
Stall one near my camp, if you're here you know where I am. Stall one.
Santa? Santa is that evil?
Best jacob I've had in the last two and a half years.
That's a evil thing!
But they fucked up. Somebody left the door open to the bathroom stall earlier.
All the good bugs that get in there and contribute to the fermentation process escaped.
Make sure you throw one!
More than you deserve, jacob.
We have jacob syrup, jacob pancakes, jacob horse meat, jacob cupcakes, jacob...
Stop making me drool.
Just bring it up here if you have it, I mean, come on!
We all want to see this super world destroyed.
Every one of us. Even the parts we like.
We have the parts we like, but those are the worst parts because they remind us of all the parts we don't like.
We have those bits of cutie.
They remind us of the endless crushing pain of being some genius in this world of pink little shits.
The beautiful things we all want to see destroyed the most are your friends.
I'll have what I'm having.
I'm the love of the...
Burn, burn, burn, burn, burn, burn, burn, burn, burn, burn, the pizza on our throats.
Burn out eggs.
David is weak.
Everybody's cooking Thai.
Die, die, die, die, die, die, die, everybody is gonna fucking die, die, die.
Where's my pay?
$35 to save it.
It's on penis.com.
You too could be it next day.
You could take all these credit cards, send carrots, put them like Christmas cards so you can get stolen by the mailman.
In my backyard.
I also brew time control in my backyard. That's what you said, right?
No.
Oh.
Actually, time control in my backyard is where it's being brewed right now.
I got a root cellar just special for it. It's really nice.
The fermentation process takes a while though.
Not as long as scrub though and that's why you should...
I had some of that...
Mining scrum in your own backyard.
I had some of that time control you brought here. It was pretty good.
Hey, have you decided to mine scrum yet?
That's good time control right there.
I was wondering how the production is in your area.
Like we said before in the earlier podcast that you're trying to transport scrum and suck turtles.
Do not mule turtle scrum because later on in the storage process in your own root cellar and possibly your own backyard or your neighbors if you're inclined to do so,
it will turn into scrum and nobody likes scrum.
I want you to scrum all over my face.
Just scrum on my face.
Do it.
Do it.
Can I dry...
Can I dry scrum and...
scrum and...
scrum and smoke it?
You honestly can.
It's a very versatile commodity.
Usually you put it in your holes but you can also smoke it.
You have to scrape up the...
Which holes? Which holes?
Oh, how many holes you got?
As many holes as you have, there's no scrum for it.
As long as we can stop Bill 13013 which is going to ban production of scrum in North America.
That's P.O. Box 181 418 Cleveland, Ohio 4411 Ocho.
Did I get that right? Was that right?
I can't remember.
Alright.
100,000 years hot crust X-Tales special edition.
Oh.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Levelhouse.com, not stamps.com, but stamps.com.
Yeah.
For free information, write to P.O. Box 181.
1-8-1-4-1-7 Cleveland Heights, Ohio.
4-4-1.
I can't remember this zip code.
1-8-4-4-1-1-8.
I got really close though.
We're doctors.
We're doctors.
Doctors from Mills.
Mills.
And we're doctors from Mills.
So genius.
There she goes.
There she goes.







The dead person doesn't come back to life.
Ever.
But still you may pretend.
Lots of us do this when something hurts us.
So you may think to yourself,
well, I'll just make believe the person really didn't die.
He just went away on a long trip and he'll come back someday, you'll see.
But now, think about it.
That's not real.
Any more than most of the stories on TV.
Wishing doesn't make things come true.
Well, let's talk about the real world.
The world of life and death.
What is dead?
Bob?
Do you remember when you saw a squirrel lying in the road?
The body?
The body does not move or breathe.
It is silent.
It is peaceful.
There is no hurt, no pain, no life.
Where there is joy in life, there is also pain.
There's happiness.
But there are also tears.
You might be mad at so many people.
You may become grumpy.
Sometimes for, you know, just little things.
Well, it's all right.
It's all right to let go of some of your feelings.
You may feel better if you do.
Sometimes, after a person dies,
Yeah, it gets grubby, you know.
you worry, you know, like, maybe I made him die.
You remember the times when you were naughty or nasty to the person who died.
Now, those things don't make people die.
All of us act badly at times.
So remember, thoughts can't make people die.

But even so, you may feel very sad that the person is dead.
You may want to know what happens when a person dies.
Well, it's like when your goldfish died.
Maybe you put its body into a pretty box and lined it with paper.
It's not that you overfed it, neglected it, forgot about it,
let it swim around in its own piss for hours.
With your friends, you dug a hole to place the box in.
You buried your goldfish.
Now you may want to pretend that the person is still living.
Friends often send flowers and come to the funeral home.
They do these things to show that they cared for the person who died.
And I'll say, Gatorade do these things to show that our children are living.
Our children are alive.
Our children are serving the people.
Our children are serving the people.
Our children are serving the people.
Our children are serving the people.
We love you, but it doesn't work for everyone.
Do not drink the Kool-Aid or the Gatorade.
You only killed me once.
That's really all it takes, just the once.
No, it's crazy.
But look at that, look at that hearse.
I would love to ride in that.
I mean...
You will one day.
As the driver.
Oh, yes, you will ride the hearse.
No, we had the 54 Chevy with the fins.
It was a Magic Midnight Blue painted.
Yeah.
It was a big Knicks hearse.
No animal, you too, will ride the hearse.
We would roll up to parties in that.
And my friend Gary, the big satanic chauffeur, would hop out.
He was like, oh, seven foot tall.
I shit you not, man.
One foot's longer than the other.
So he had the boots made separate.
You know, his bike was off and doing the biker boots.
It was amazing.
He'd get out in his leather chauffeur cap and his vest.
And he'd just slide out the back where normally the caskets were.
But it was just us.
Just us enjoying froth.
And we'd just go out and just join the party.
And people were like, what?
What kind of beast have you rolled in?
And we're like, what?
What?
I'm just saying, if you're not here on the Pleasant Saucers, it's really your own fault.
If you don't make it to XK.
That memory brought me happiness.
I have happiness.
I have a memory.
You have happiness now?
You must have had the hit by a bus.
You have a memory?
A brick memory.
Hit by a brick memory.
A memory and that brought you happiness?
The memory?
I have one memory and it brought me happiness.
Aww, that's so touching.
But now I can't remember what it was.
Look at it.
I'm fucked.
Oh, back to normal again.
This is so great.
You know it was happening.
You distracted me.
I had the perfect thought and you distracted me.
Once again.
Where's that absinthe?
That's what I need.
Yeah.
I'm talking about death with children by Dr. Earl.
Earl?
Earl, man.
I honestly don't think he's a real doctor.
The fact is this was not brought to you by me, animal overlord from Boston, Texas.
This was brought to you by Matt, the homeless mortician.
The best morticians are homeless.
It makes you give that extra edge of nervousness when you're around them, you know.
When you're around a normal mortician, you're like, yeah, they're around dead people all
the time.
But when you're around a homeless mortician, you're like, ooh, but he's got time on his
hands.
He's got that scale feel.
Yeah.
He's got that real deep scale feel.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The deep scale feel.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's like, you don't want the free range morticians.
No.
No.
You know, when they got like nothing to do.
Well, actually, we have a friend who's a free range mortician and he does quite well.
On people or critters?
I've seen a few sleepy deer on the way here to Wisteria.
They're all taking naps on the side of the highway like they do.
Yeah.
He was a mortician in New York City after 9-11.
He put a thousand people into little shoe boxes.
That is free ranges again.
Yeah.
That's hardcore practice right there.
Yeah.
And he came to Agstay after that and handed out those little butt plugs they put in corpses
to keep you from farting at an open casket thing.
That is so nice.
Yeah.
Everybody had little necklaces made of butt plugs.
Oh my goodness.
It was like one of the sweetest things I've ever seen.
Yeah.
That's the most adorable.
That is the most adorable.
Thanks Reverend Seafood.
Oh, yeah.
Reverend Seafood of New York.
Yeah.
Come back to us.
And everybody at that Agstay was walking around with one of those clear plastic butt

With little plastic butt plugs.
And they fit.
One size fits all.
Why wouldn't you have it on your neck at that point?
It's obviously got a chain for safety.
You put it where it goes.
You put it where it goes and you walk through it.
Honestly, it is.
It had a little step-by-step pyramidal series of discs so that you could just walk through







it.
You know, it would fit any asshole.
The big ones are like this.
I bet there are enough assholes here for it to fit.
The little ones are.
About all sizes and shapes.
They're right out there waiting and listening to us now.
They're up here on the stage.
I'm pretty sure there's a few right there waiting.
Where's your perennial plugs when you need it?
I mean, I've got my pineal.
Your radial plugs.
Where's my pineal plug when I've got it?
I mean, I can stick something in my third nostril.
I might as well have a perennial and a pineal plug while we're at it.
Oh, my gosh.






I've got a tool kit in the car.
I don't believe you and it's okay if you don't prove me right.
A pineal plug?
Pineal plug.
I didn't know there was such a thing as a pineal plug.
There is now.
Is that playing right there?
Oh.
Isn't it?
Ain't this modern day stuff amazing?
See, see the play?
See, I can just stick a little box in that box and it makes me use it.
Plays the portable player.
Plays, plays, plays the portable player.
You don't even need a record player or a 16 millimeter projector or nothing.
They don't need us, no.
They don't need us.
No, they sure as hell don't, obviously.
They made that part clear tonight.
We've been eclipsed.
We've been eclipsed at the end of the old school.
Time for the ice floe.
Yep, yep.
That's right.
The old time subgenius bullshit's been supplanted by the new wave of...
We've been hung up to dry.
Step aside, Reverend whatever your name is.
Reverend Funny Name.
Reverend What's-Her-Face.
Reverend What's-Her-Face.



No more Milk Daddy no more.
It's the new era.
Yeah, God.
Yeah, we're gonna have to move aside.
Make way for the new.
Hey, I cast my vote already.
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
Dave.
It's Dave.
It's Dave.
It's the real Dave.
There's zero sounds in the background.
He, he's going to die.







The Duck Dynasty swines.
You have to take that out, I suppose.
Me, me, me, me.
You have Duck Dynasty something in the background?
No, it's the AM radio, which I was looking for.
My usual radio show.
And then I got the swine hunts and I was just ready to change it.
But anyway, are we on the air?
Yeah.
What are you mumbling about?
We're on the air, man.
Yes.
Get your act together.
Stop out of it.
Shape up.
Oh, snappy.
Kick the Duck Dynasty swine out of your house.
I'm all bitter now.
I'm very bitter.
Yes, please turn down your radio in the background, caller.
What did you say, Peter?
I've eaten too much cucumber and cheese and I thought the Duck Dynasty was the news.
Oh, no.
It might as well be.
People would.
I don't know.
I don't believe Duck Dynasty than the, quote, lamestream news, even though they actually
do try to do something like news.
But it's just not as exciting as the lies.
Nor is believable, apparently.
It's piling up pretty big.
If you excreate me, I'm putting myself in the position.
Speaking of asterisks, hashtag, hashtag finality.
I'm losing my mind.
I had to go to work today.
Oh, no.
And at work, they were watching Fox News.
Excuse my language.
Am I allowed to say that?
But you're working at a newspaper and they're watching Fox News.
Well, it's while they were doing their, you know, InDesign, laying out the paper and all
that stuff like that.
But these people are still.
And, you know, you befriend these people and then they start telling you things like, he
was the worst president in the world.
And they won't tell you why, because they don't know.
We need a president who's a good businessman.
They won't tell you why we need a president.
Do we need a president who's a good businessman?
We need a president who is Superman.
Dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun.
Yeah, we need Superman for president.
Instead, we got.
Well, I sure can't call him Lex.
No, no.
Lex Luthor was a bald headed genius.
We've got the exact opposite.
A fuzzy headed, uh, I'm not sure what, you know.
What is it?
We need a president with heart, but we don't have that.
Well, we do, but we won't.
We've got more of a person with a desiccated liver, I think, rather than heart.
Well, let's hope.
No, actually, his liver.
The sad thing is apparently Trump doesn't drink.
He's been on amphetamines his whole life, but he, but he doesn't do drugs, right?
No, I mean, apparently.
Just the ones the doctor gives him.
Right.
Just, uh, yeah, well, that's not drugs.
If the doctor gives it to you, you know.
Well, no, whenever the Uber class takes drugs, it's, they've never taken drugs.
It's just an Uber class thing, you know.
Who's ever in charge of the rest of the bananas.
I have love of the sins of the rest of y'all pudniks.
I am pure.
They're not at all.
Well, they used to inject John Fitzgerald Kennedy with amphetamine vitamin concoction
once a week, pep him up.
He'd jump out of his wheelchair and run circles around the White House lawn while smoking
cigarettes.
Yes.
Did you know that, did you know that Adolf Hitler's cocktail was what gave him so much
spicy, red vinaigrette when he was the...
President of the new world order back in Deutschland.
What kind of a cocktail was that?
It consisted of cocaine, I believe heroin or morphine and some, some kind of speed.
And I guess that's what got him going.
He was famous for taking those before he'd do his speeches where he channeled, where
he channeled these entities of the fool order and whatnot.
Yeah, man.
Crazy horse deities and stuff.
Yeah.
Fool rising.
Fool, yeah.
Um.
Well, uh, yeah, that, that, those pep pills will really pep you up.
That's for sure.
There's no telling how many, um, I mean, okay.
Rush Limbaugh's famous for being on smack basically, uh, you know, uh, prescription
heroin, but wasn't he, I would have guessed that he probably was also doing Adderall or
some kind of amphetamine.
Yeah.
I mean, wouldn't you, if you were a big fat evil jerk on the radio who thought he was
God, wouldn't you take all the pills that made you think you were even more godly than
God?
Sure you would if you were Rush Limbaugh.
And meanwhile, you'd be talking about how they should all be locked up.
Those druggies and liberals and communists.
Oh, man.






We'd be locked up.
Yep.
See, you took the words right out of my mouth.
That's, that's, that was my Rush Limbaugh, the box, the impersonation, but you got it
better, so I have to give you kudos, whatever the hell they are.
No, you need to give me an ibuprofen, because it gives me a headache to shake my jowls like
that.
Violently.
Yeah, see, it hurts.
Yeah, it does.
That's why you, that's why Rush Limbaugh has to take Oxycontin all day long, because it
, you know, rattles you, hurts, gives you a headache, high blood pressure.
Well, you know, Dave, it's, it's interesting not being able to do the show at WCSB, because
they're not airing any show at WCSB, so I think they've heard reruns for the last month,
because the stuff I'm...
Oh, really?
Yeah, the discs I'm mailing them aren't getting to them.
They're not getting to them?
No, they're not.
We had this problem last year.
There's some kind of a... and we tried it differently, you know.
We sent, we sent it directly to WCSB last year.
Well, the university hijacks them first, and then sits on them, and probably listens to
them four times, and then they give them to the station.
Yeah.
This, this time we tried mailing them to a station member.
And no one's heard from him since.
He's just vanished.
As soon as he got that first hour of slapdisc, he just disappeared in a puff of smug or something.
Well, that doesn't mean necessarily that there's faulty role or foul play.
It could well be that he's, you know, he's working on the excludiments, the rudimentary
nature of, he's trying to decipher his own existence.
He's almost got that time machine finished.
And when he finishes the time machine, he can go back in time and assassinate...
Assassinate, uh, John, John Wilkes Booth.
Yeah, that's it.
Yeah, start with him.
I think, uh...
First you have to assassinate all the assassins, and then you start picking presidents.
On the, on the, that news channel that I referred to earlier, they were, they were calling Trump,
they're calling him Stonewall Jackson, the next Stonewall Jackson.
That's not necessarily good.
Stonewall Jackson, widely discredited as a president.


He's been called the next president lately by, you know, he's, it's like one of those
things where somebody, you know, actually, oh yeah, there were, there were the Cherokee,
uh, uh, what, not migrations, the, uh, deportations, the Cherokee and Creeks deportations.
There were all this other stuff.
And he was not a good president.
He was not a good man.
He was insane.
Right, right.
Um, yeah, I've been hearing that comparison too by people who don't like Trump.
What about Trump?
He's not mad, John.
He's like Andrew, it's like, actually, I didn't say he's anything like Andrew Jackson.
I believe I heard puzzling evidence say that the situation is similar now to what it was
in Jackson's time.
But I don't know the details enough.
So I wasn't, I wasn't reading American history from that period.
I was reading Russian history from that period because it's more exciting and it's women
are more beautiful.
Yeah.

It's wonderful to take a ride in the Troika in the middle of the winter time, the gloss
over the panhandlers to ride off into the sunset and to show you off your gleaming hump
in the rain, just the way they did in the Arctic facts.
Well, those czars and Kings and emperors could collect hunchbacks and dwarfs and giants.
Peter the Great collected giants instead of dwarfs.
He was freakishly tall and he liked to have guys around that made him look more normal.
That's, that's, that's a common thing to do.
To make you try to make, you know, for those miscreants to try to make themselves appear
more normal to the others so they can control.
I would like to collect, I would like to collect albinos were I a King, because then I would
always feel like I had a great tan.
I've already got four.
I've already got four.


You've only got three.
I'd collect bald albinos so that my hair and tan would look great.
But isn't it true that really all we would have to do is to take more normalin and then
we would all be more normal?
I did that stuff when I was a kid.
There is such a drug as normalin?
There's a drug that was invented by Bleepo Abernathy.
That's more normalin.
Oh, okay.

You can Google it, man.
You can see the old commercials on YouTube.
Cut to more normalin commercial now.
Do you find yourself crying at funerals?
Do you ever feel clumsy when you're in an awkward situation?
When you laugh, do you often find yourself gasping for breath?
If so, ask your doctor when he can start putting you on more normalin.
More normalin is designed to allow you to enjoy the illusion of being normal.


The illusion of being the person you always thought you wanted to be, but may not have
been sure of.
If you ever thought you could be more normal, more normalin may or may not be the key.
Side effects may include, but are not limited to, simultaneous bleeding from the ear, nose,
throat, and rectum, bloody diarrhea and urination, frozen fingers, partial or full paralysis,
diphtheria, gout, morbid dental plaque, painful mixturation, sudden inexplicable vomiting,
tongue fur, enlarged nostrils, and a slight possibility of detached limbs.
More normalin.
It can help you be more normal.
More normalin.
Use only as directed.
Okay, yeah, see?
Take your more normalin, kids.
Actually, I thought that more normalin would make me do better in school, but it didn't
improve my grades.
It, in fact, made me dumber.
Me too.
Because it made you more normal, you know?
Yep.
I couldn't see the snowflakes for the trees.
I had to go to the bathroom practically every five minutes.
And then finally they just suspended me.
And I was dispelled for some, like, around four weeks or something like that before my
parents got involved with the PTO.
They said, what are you giving this guy?
And I said, well, we have him on a daily dose of 16 milligrams of more normalin.
And apparently he doesn't agree with them.
Like some kids, he's part of a test control group.
And so that's why we had him fired.
Well, you know, Dr. LeGim, Dr. LeGim, Dr. LeGim, Dr. LeGim, Dr. LeGim, Dr. LeGim, Dr. LeGim,
Dr. LeGim, Dr. LeGim, Dr. LeGim, Dr. LeGim, Dr. LeGim.

He's a great friend.







Dr. LeGim, who's about 10 years younger than me, was, he was a frail, wimpy little kid.
Yes.
And they worried about his frail little health.
So they gave him a new important drug called steroids.
And sure enough, the wimpy little legume bulked up sort of like Captain America after he
had his experimental steroidal drugs.
However, in the case of him, he was still alive.


case of Dr. Legume, instead of turning him more patriotic as well as stronger, it turned
him more into the Red Skull, or some kind of a supervillain.
Yeah, the glowing Red Skull.
It's great to have supervillains in the Church of the Subgenius. I wish we had more of them.
Need more.
There are no superheroes left alive.
There are certainly about 20 to 65 antiheroes who are regularly cloistered together to sing
songs and epithets of Days Gone By and the psalms.
Days Gone By.
Days Gone By.
The sad, sad psalms and songs of Days Gone By.
There have been many. When I think about the days of our lives, there have been many.
There have been many Daves, but none as lonesome as Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Well, you know, my own broath hair is David, so I cherish and love the Davids in my life.
Yeah, like Janer?
No, not that one.
Yeah, that's a common name.
I could rattle off some evil. There's evil Daves. Well, those are Davids, though. Those
aren't Davids.
Those are Davids, not Daves.
Yeah.
So, this is...
He's trying to leave the name Dave altogether and calls himself Dee.
Ach, du lieber.
Well, at least it's not all Dugs. I'm sick and tired of hearing about Dugs tonight.
Douglases have a high reputation for acrimony, deceit, and malingering in the public squares.
No, you're thinking of Leos.
Oh, yeah, that's right, Leos.
Like Leos.
Leos, Derotes, Geronimus Botch, and Captain Flamingo. I remember all those guys. They
were all squared off quite neatly, I think. They ran over them with a train.
Oh, that made the greatest squishy noises, too.
Yes.
Squishing Dugs under trains.
Oh, yes.
Well, I've spoken to a lot of people recently, and not one of them thinks... I just spoke
to somebody who worked at the...
At one of the editorial booths. No, actually, one of the election booths.
Mm-hmm.
At one of the polling places.
Yes.
And she said every person who appeared to be a minority person was given some sort of
BS by the Republican-run, what's it called?
Yes.
What?
Yeah.
That really happened?
She said she had never seen... She'd been donating her time for many years, and she'd
never seen so many Duck Dynasty-looking guys vote before.
Mm-hmm.
And I said...
I can't believe that all those people wearing camo boots and Florentine hat knots and stuff
actually resurrected themselves to actually go and vote.
Wow.
There's personal up-your-face, limitary engagements and all of this. I think we was
lied to big time, and the election was sterling.
And she witnessed persons of color being harassed?
No, they were just like... She said almost...
I mean, every person, whether Hispanic or African-American or whatever, you know, type
of ethnics that were not in favor with the Republican Party, oh, your polling place has
been changed to 3245 can't find it. Oh, what's your middle name? We don't seem to have you
anymore. Oh, are you sure you registered here? They were all given some kind of problem.
We only allow dead people to vote here.
Yeah.
Only dead people vote here.
Ah.
Well, but you see, the funny thing is they said it was going to be rigged. I guess they
were bragging.
I guess they were talking about how they were going to rig it.
Yeah, they weren't warning. It wasn't a warning. It was more of a braggadocious thing.
Yeah, braggadocious statement. And I believe it now. I've heard many, many people say such
things.
It's just sour grapes.
Ah, you just, libtards just have a bunch of sour grapes. They're commies. You're lost.
Get used to it. You're lost. That means everybody gets to be a bully now. That's right. We're
all bullies, unless you're a wimp. You're either with us or you're against us. Beat
him up, boys. He's all alone. Gang up on him.
Why am I laughing?
It's the new way.
It's okay for kids to pick on hunchbacks and freaks and pencilheads.
Or pencilhead geeks. It's okay now for kids to call other kids. It's okay now because
we all voted for Trump so we can do anything we want.
We want.
Well?
I just wonder what all the Merkles and Perkles and the Brexels and all the, all the Universal
Universal Pandorics that live around the universe are not in Europe and so forth.
Africa and Asia, what they must think of the United States.
Who cares what they think?
They're subhumans if they're not Americans.
But sir, did you know that Mexico is part of North America?
No, it isn't.
Because I said so.
American exceptionalism.
What does exceptionalism mean to these freakish, these peeps?
That means they can do anything they want.
It means you can, that your idea of God means going around killing other people.
And you can do anything you want.
You can say anything you want.
Yeah, freedom, man.
Why do you hate our freedoms now?
Did you go to college or something, buddy?
Marxist professors.
Yeah, I can smell their stink all over you, buddy.
Educated.
Yeah, that's what, those are the ones we're going to wipe out.
This is you.
Year zero, buddy.
Oh, you got glasses, huh?
That probably means you can read.
Kill him!
I think Cambodia was a pretty civilized country, and that exact thing happened there.
And I remember a really super civilized country called Germany.
No, it can't happen here.
I'm telling you, my dear.
I've been checking it out a couple times.
Cream cheese.
Cream cheese.
My dear, that it can't happen here.
Because I've been checking it out.
I've checked it out a couple of times.
And I'm telling you, it can't happen here.
Who are the brain bullies?
Wah, wah.
Nah, nah.
Boy, those great old tunes of the past.
K-Tel presents Frank Zappa Hits.
For old deaf people.
Feel cool again and smart.
They're all charged with such special meaning now.
Don't you think?
What?
They're all charged with special meaning now.
They didn't know that 60 years or 50 years or whatever it was in the future,
that all God's children would have gone insane.
Well, tell me about it.
I've been looking at old subgenius writings from 1980,
and it sounds like it was written tomorrow.
And tomorrow's happening.





Deadlines.
It's creepy.
Kooky.
Weird.
Strange.
But, yeah.
The movie Idiocracy turns out to be an outdated documentary.
Yeah.
Yeah, perfect example, yeah.
My old movie, The World of the Future,
which you can see on Roku or YouTube.
I thought that was like a cartoon.
It turned out to be another outdated documentary,
the bozos did take over.
Yes, they did.
The orange-haired bozos.
Uh-uh.
Yeah, the tangerine orangutan, some are calling him.
Let's visit the world of the future.
Let's not and say we did.
Well, we can't help it.
We did.
I know.
I know.
And you know how we did it?
We didn't die.
I can't believe it's the year 2017.
I can't either.
I can't either.
That's when most of the people...
I can't either.
I thought I was going to die for sure.
Well, maybe not for sure, but I was going to die.
It turned out it's almost 1927.
Or 2017.
That's right, friends.
The calendars are wrong.
It's really 1917.
And in only 50 years, the aliens will arrive.
In 1998, we shall overcome.
We shall overcome.
We shall overcome, because the world is just too horrible and useless to us.
I wish.
You know, if I was really...
If I was a good religious nut, I would believe that, but I'm uncertain.
I have doubts.
Is Bob really going to come through?
Can we trust a salesman?
That's like saying you can't trust a real estate.
developer, you know, to tell the truth to his people.
That's crazy.
That's just crazy talk.
They have the powers of the gods, and they have the moral background and understanding
and the stacks of the gods.
So we cannot, oh, never mind.
I'm sorry.
I feel so wasted and unencumbered tonight.
I'm tired of it.
All I can think of doing is strangling people with orange hair.
You know, don't blame all redheads.
They can't help it if they've got a lot of Neanderthal genes.
They have a lot of health problems that go with that, too.
Poor, pasty, freckled things.
They're not all evil, the redheads.
I'm surprised to hear you say that, dear.
I know some who are quaint.
Quite nice.
Oh, I'm just kidding.
I'm just kidding.
All you gingers out there.
But it is true that the latest DNA studies of Neanderthal DNA indicate that red hair
and freckles come from there.
And a few health benefits, too, along with the insanity and secret psychotic nature of
all.
Redheads.
I'm just kidding.
Just kidding.
No, serious.
I'm really just kidding.
It's sad, but it could possibly be true.
But I don't think so, because I know some redheaded people who are very nice.
And I guess all you've got to do is share my political views.
I think you're pretty nice.
Well, no.
People don't have to share your political views to be real.
Really, really nice.
Or my sandwich.
What if they were to perhaps share my stock holdings?
Well, it would be better if they shared their sandwich.
Yeah.
Shareholders should indeed share their sandwiches as well as their stocks and values.
What about their lack of knowledge?
Should they share that?
Well, we don't have much choice in that.
I mean, we're going to be.
Hounded with their lack of knowledge for a while now, I think.
I know.
Maybe even eight years before they run stuff.
Perhaps we're entering a thousand year dark age.
Please let it not be so.
A world of book burning.
Well, burning of some books.
Certainly the Bible.
Nobody would ever burn the Bible.
But, you know, Huckleberry Finn.
That's got a bad word in it.
We better burn it.
Please, Connie, let that not be so.
To kill a mockingbird.
That's got a bad word in it.
We better burn that.
Please, Bob, no.
You know, that evolution stuff.
All those science textbooks.
The Darwin thing.
Yeah, come on now.
People evolved from monkeys.
How come there's still monkeys around?
Answer me that, Mr. Smarty Pants, Mr. Intellectual.
How come there's still monkeys if we evolved from monkeys?
If my uncle is a monkey, then how come there's still a monkey around?
Why aren't they all people?
See, it doesn't make any sense.
You're science.
It's just another religion.
I see.
I know this.
I have faith.
Well, the president knows.
The president knows that academia is a hoax.
That global warming is a hoax created by a bunch of greedy professors who work for universities,
whereas the greedy scientists who work for the oil companies are not greedy scientists
who work for the oil companies.
But the greedy scientists who work for academia, they've created this vast hoax of which only
God can change the weather and only God can, you know, I saw a photograph the other day
of our president-elect posing with, quote, Dr. Wakeman.
He's the guy who is famous for letting all the parents know that the reason their kids
had autism was entirely because they were vaccinated, even though almost every human
being has been vaccinated.
And only 1% of them have autism.
Obviously vaccinations must be the cause of autism.
And that is the level of science we're entering.
You know, I'm involved with, believe it or not, even though I'm a weird cult leader,
I'm actually involved on the fringe with some skeptical scientific and atheist groups.
And they're crapping their britches, boy.
They're trying to keep a stiff upper lip, but they're basically losing it.
It's because it's always been an uphill battle, but now it's just becoming almost hopeless.
They're legislating ignorance and superstition.
I love the way you said that.
They're legislating ignorance and superstition.
Yep.
Well, that's nothing new.
But...
Things were starting to look up for a while.
If you're a libtard or a college-educated, know-it-all, scientific kind of stupid person,
because you know smart people is really stupid.
Bob said so.
Bob said that.
He said, if you're smart, then you're stupid.
If you're stupid, then you're lucky.
Because then you don't know anything.
You don't know all the bad stuff.
You just have fun.
Drink beer.
Go driving around real fast.
Watch the game.
Everything's cool.
You know.
Party pants.
They come along and they just wreck everything.
Trying to tell everybody, oh, well, now monkeys and fossils and time machines and all that
crazy stuff.
It just doesn't make no sense.
I watch TV.
I know what's going on.
I got Facebook and Twitter.
My friends tell me what's going on.
I Google things.
Google Hillary criminal.
You'll see.
There's no bias in that Google.
Just Google Hillary criminal murderer.
You'll see.

There's just acres of proof.
All you got to do is Google it.
Of course, if you Google Hillary nice person, you'll see a bunch of communist propaganda.
Communist Muslim propaganda.
I need to work on my kiff.
I don't have that.
Yeah, I don't have that real well.
The communists have been coming to take our guns for the last 30 years.
It's taken them a real long time to get to our houses, you know.
I guess because they have had to walk.
But they are here.










They are going to someday.
It could be within the next 30 years, but it could be tomorrow.
They're coming to get our guns.
And everybody, is that true that there's more guns in America than there are people?
I don't know.
I'm sure there's more bullets than there are people.
I don't know if that's a true false fact.
I'm sure there are more.
But it's not the guns.
It's not the number of guns, Dave.
It's the number of bullets.
You only need one gun if you have a number of guns.

Not bullets.
And if it's a big enough gun.
It's just like Joe Stalin said, it's not who votes, it's who counts the votes that's
important.
A better thing you've never heard of cobalt thorium G. The doomsday bomb.
Man, I can walk.
That's what that reminds me of, the doomsday machine.
Yeah.
We're sitting on a vast carbuncle right now and it's ready to explode in our faces.
Yeah.
We're sitting on a vast carbuncle right now and it's ready to explode in our faces.
Oh, now nuclear war is a, that's a danger of the past.
That could never happen here.
Why, we've disarmed, uh, uh, uh, uh, like, oh no, actually there's just as many as there
ever were.
And now there's an, a redhead with his finger on the button.
Yes, a madman.
By definition.
Yes.
If it's a redhead, it's a madman.
It's not a redhead.
Oh, I didn't say that.
I'm just kidding.
He's an orange balloon orangutan.
But it's okay to bully people now.
It's okay to bully left-handed people.
Chop it off.
If they can't write their name with their right hand like everybody else, just chop
off that left hand.
They'll learn how to write right.
Cause we're right.
They can grow wings and fly with the right-winged people.
Like Hawkman, Hawkboy, Hawkgirl.
It's all, just, I don't believe the mainstream news.
I believe DC Comics.
DC?
DC?
Marvel is the name of the most patriotic comic book franchise.

Why you traitor?
Marvel is the only patriotic comic book franchise.
You've got the guts to prove it.
Hey, Dave.
It's almost an hour up of show.
Yes.
If we use the other shows.
Have we spoken almost an hour?
Yes, if you count all the stuff I've theoretically already played.
You see?
So you played this DVD.

So theoretically, but not in the physical realm of the world.
As far as anyone who hears this is concerned, I already played it.
Yes, this is time control.
This is what we mean by time control.
Actually, Dave, you know, the trickiest part of chimping this show
is getting it down to under an hour.
Because we almost always end up going somehow a minute or two over,
and something's got to go.
So usually it's my stutters.
If I remove 50 stutters, that cuts down by about 30 seconds or a minute.
Sometimes I just have to take out the PR news that was going to be in there.
Sometimes I have to add a PR news.
Anything to get it right around that money shot point, one minute.
The Goldilocks spot.
And you certainly don't want to hear a wrecking.
Yeah, God, if only it was one minute.
A minute of slack.
Oh, we did that.
They didn't sell either.
I did a series of a dozen minutes of slack
because an FM station, a rock station in Dallas asked me to.
And as soon as I was in their office and pushed play,
the first five seconds of the first minute of slack,
everyone in the room knew Subgenius will never work on commercial FM.
Right.
It was just so obvious.
It's like flesh pulling out a cross in the middle of a coven of vampires
or a vampire suddenly waking up.
So, yeah, we couldn't ever do commercial radio.
Praise Bob.
And that's why we never got as big as South Park.
And that's why Parker and Stone are living Philo's life for you.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.









Not mine, friends.
I like it just the way it is.
Under the radar.
Underground.
And living it all himself.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, we don't have to answer to anybody.
Except the FCC.
We actually still have to play by certain rules on the broadcast version.
Now, friends, you know, the Internet version of this show is a whole nother thing.
It's longer, usually.
I don't have to worry about it fitting now in the Internet version.
In fact, let's say goodbye right now.
Bye.
Bye.
From PR News in Washington, I'm forcing tens of thousands of people to scrap their original plans and force more evacuations.
President Obama practices.
Give some value to Quebec.
It starts from where we ate and all across the country.
Obama speaking.
Dow is to 7627684486105.
From Washington, this is PR News in Washington.
And now the Internet tag-on part begins where I can go ahead and talk about the fact that we're having a Slack Friday sale.
Oh, that's right.
That lasts all month long, friends.
One month of Slack Friday.
When you can buy a subgenius minister ordainment kit.
For you and another one for your friend.
Or your loved one or your pet.
For the price of one.
That's right.
Instead of $35 each plus postage.
It's $35 for two.
That's like $17.50 each plus postage.
What a horrible deal.
What a great deal.
It is great.
What a fascinating way to spend a weekend.
Oh, not just a weekend.
It's a way to spend a lot.

Because, friends, when you get your subgenius membership pack, for one thing, it takes about a week just to read all the stuff in it.
It's not a little package.
It's got 25 separate pieces all hand-assembled by chimpanzees at the Subgenius Foundation Megafest Temple Lodge Manufacturing Facility.
Very tired chimpanzees.
Writing each other's own pictures.
Chimpanzees named Ivan.
And, yeah.
But then, that's just.
That's the beginning.
Because you've entered a new world.
You can now mingle with other subgeniuses if you dare.
A lot of people choose not to.
I'd say the majority never really want to meet another subgenius.
But those who dare and do, sometimes, sometimes they finally get laid.
And sometimes they find their.
True yeti mate.
It's happened again and again.
And other just true mutants.
Virtual or true mutants that they dreamed might exist that were like them, but they actually meet them.
One of us.
One of us.
Kubo Gobble.
One of us.
Kubo Gobble.
Kubo Hey.
You're one of us today.
You can be one of us for $35.
That's really cynical.
That's a very cynical thing, isn't it?
But, hey, let's face it.
You know, we gotta stay.
We gotta keep the post office box open.
And I'll get that post office box in Cleveland Heights, Ohio.
That's post office box 181-417.
Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
For those of you in prison who can't use the internet or PayPal, just get your buddy to send us $35 and give us your address.
And.
Well, actually, most prisons will tear up the membership pack.
Really?
Yeah, they will.
Yeah, it's real hard to get a membership pack to prison.
A book is not so hard.
That's awful.
But the membership pack has got a little pamphlet.
And it looks like extremist material.
Duh.
It's supposed to.
And they take it like that.
And so, yeah, a lot of our prisoner subgeniuses have a lot of trouble getting this stuff.
I've had to send.
Yeah, it looks like.
I actually do.
I do send pamphlets for free occasionally.
If they write a nice letter, I'll send it.
But.
Because most of them are in there for marijuana.
Most of them.
Except for the murderers.
And there's one guy.
Let's not talk about him.
Okay, friends.
Well, that's the thing.
This is the internet section of the show where we can advertise.
So go to subgenius.com or actually.
Well.
Well, until probably April or so, you can write us at our Texas office and send contributions
for the show.
If you're a musician, you do stuff better than Frank Zappa ever dreamed of.
Go ahead and send it to Stang at Post Office Box 807 Glen Rose, Texas 76043.
Praise Bob.
Praise Connie.
Now, it's not important, but is it one or 12 words?
Glen Rose.
Is Glen Rose.
Is Glen Rose.
Is Glen Rose.
One or two words.
Two words, Dave.
Yes.
You must make the listeners aware of such things, because if not, they'll send it to
Glen Rose, Arizona.
Well, the funny thing, there's a Glen Rose, Arkansas.
There is a Glen Rose.
But here's the thing.
Although it's two words, it's pronounced as if it were one word.
Glen Rose.
You don't say Glen Rose.
You say Glen Rose.
Glen Rose.
As in, man, this parking lot is terrible.
Well, this is Glen Rose.
Boy.
Boy, these clerks can't add and subtract at all.
They love this.
It's Glen Rose.
Well, this place isn't open.
It's only four o'clock on a Friday afternoon.
You forget something, Princess Wee.
This is Glen Rose.
Yeah.
Actually, we're quoting the late Pappy, who established himself in Glen Rose, only to
spend the remainder of his life complaining about the stupid denizens of Glen Rose.
But he improved Glen Rose oh so much in his years here.
Well, they were only stupid compared to him.
And that pretty much includes everybody.
Everybody's stupid compared to Pappy.
That's true.
Especially me.
But where do you think we get terms like subgenius?
If you don't fit in somewhere, make a place where you do fit in.
Yeah, even if you've got to use a hack or a meat muscle grinder,
to find that place for the smack a hole in something.
It's not important how you get there.
The important thing is the moment of arrival.
You got one.
Gobble, gobble, gobble.
Gobble, gobble, gobble.
Gobble, gobble, gobble.
One of us.
One of us.
One of us.
One of us.
Well, Dave, I'm afraid we've used up 41 minutes of show, some of which is Internet special.
And that's fine.
I like that.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.

Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.








Internet special.
But I can't think of anything to cuss about.
I can't either.
I could let Lucifer, a tyrant of many, many swear words, if you'd like.
Sure.
Go ahead, Lucifer.
Go for it.
Oh, okay.
Loosen up.
Cut, pussy fart, shit, fuck piss.
That doesn't sound that impressive.
I feel like saying this now because of the dirty sevens of the filthy sevens.
I feel I can't say anymore.
Right.
Well, it's kind of pointless nowadays.
Because kindergarten kids talk that way.
Well, if you...
And Christian schools, anyway.
When nobody's looking.
Right.
The Martian schools?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
They're known for that.
But really, Dave, we probably should...
Well, we don't have to hang up, but we have to stop recording, so...
Yeah, we have to break character now and hang up a codpiece.
Okay.
I wish I wore a mighty codpiece.
I'd show.
Come on.
It'd be ten times bigger than anything you'd ever seen in your life.
It's funny.
My mother-in-law mentioned codpieces.
She did just today.
My mother was talking about codpieces.
Wistfully.
It's a weird place to dangle a fish, that's for sure.
It is.
I mean, if you think of the Monty Python routine where the fish slapping dance.
Well, but the smell is right.
Yes, the smell is accurate for that location.
Not for all of us, please.
I'm an avocado myself.
Oh, avocado.
Rather strange industrial avocado, but still not a fish.
Oh, we would love to mollycoddle you, Dave.
You little codpiece.
Us and Molly would mollycoddle your codpiece.
That's a whole new...
You're a little...
We're a generation of strangely stringed together words.
Mollycoddle pieces.
Coddling with mollycoddle.
That's no coincidence.
That's no coincidence.
That was all planned ahead of time by Satan.
He put dirty thoughts in people's heads and sell pornography.
I had a great time yesterday seeing there was a polka song on called Saint Nick is Coming
Soon, and it kept on repeating over and over.
Santa, Satan is coming soon.
Satan is coming soon.
I felt better the whole rest of the day after just singing Satan is coming soon seven times.
Well, we need change.
That's what this is all about.
People voted for change.
We've had enough Jesus.
It's time for Satan.
Satan's a good businessman.
We need a good businessman.
We don't need any of this giveaway, you know, love your neighbor, feed the poor crap.
Let the poor pull themselves up by their bootstraps, and they can take their bootstraps and shove
it in the codpiece, too, for all I care.
It's every man for himself.


We're bullies.
This is a bully nation.
A nation of finks and bullies.
Oh, no.
You're going to live with it.
Oh, no.
Yeah, suck it up.
Oh, no.
Get with the picture.
Get with the program.
Come on.
Oh, you can't.
Sad.
Sad.
Sad.
I mean, think of how big our plates would have been if we had to have our plates with
Beverly Clem.
That would have been quite a story.
I mean, that would be enough stuff to keep us busy as sadder as for a year.




I mean, the whole world would have been sadder than we are now, and we would have been sadder

But now, it's even ten times worse.
Now it is the age of Satan.
Hail Satan.
But, but, but.
Damien is president now.
I am the meek, and I want to inherit.
The meek will inherit nothing, baby.
Well, it doesn't bode well for the average sub-G who's walking around with a stereo
with his pants hanging down and walking too far into the back end of the car.



No, but it never boded well for them.
Ask Vaughn Bode.
The late sub-G.
Yeah, I was going to say Vaughn Bode.
Actually, Vaughn Bode didn't live long enough to join the church, but his son, Mark Bode,
contributed artwork to our book, Revelation X.
How about that?
I sat next to him at a sci-fi convention in the vendors section.
Wow.
He was selling comic books, and I was selling the truth.
And he had a long line.
He had a long line.
And no one wanted what I was selling.
Well, a couple of sub-genius quotes.
A perforated foreskin and a bag of onion garlic flavored chips.
Mm-mm.
When was the last time he had a big steaming bowl of pork skin and garlic flavored cod
piece chips?
Well, that's too long.
Well, no, seriously.
We've been doing this now for 46 minutes.
So this will be an hour and 15 minute long internet show.
Wow.
So we can say goodbye now.
Okay.
Okay.
To the internet listeners.
And because I got to go up and turn this into an actual MP3 and an Og Vorbis file, and one
of them has to be under an hour.
And I'm going to have to go poopoo.
And have no cuss words.
That's a lot of chimpanzee work, folks.
But saying goodbye is so hard to do.
I have to go poopoo.
Right.
And we all have to go poopoo.
I'm going to go poopoo while I eat a poopoo platter.
I will not poopoo that.
Did you hear, damn it?
Dave probably can't hear damn it.
Damn it started barking.
Yep.
Here we go, boy.
Okay, friends.
With that, we're going to finish this episode of the show.






We're going to fade out.
We got to take the dog out.
Okay, man.
We got to take the Dave out.
We got to take the Dave out.

