Who's there?
The self-genius, power of swag.
Now I know all about everything.
What?
Yeah, yeah, yep, yeah, yeah.
And before we do anything else, a brand new song by Reverend Fat Man D called Fourth Reich.
Fourth Reich.
Could a fourth Reich be arising?
Because the terrorists are here.
A fourth Reich arising.
They've been living here for years.
They're the ones who all be lying.
From their tongues to our ears.
Though they don't build a kingdom based on ignorance and fear.
They raise up all the masses who refuse to try to think.
Pass around the poison, people line up and they drink.
They're the men in the mirror.
And they're shouting at themselves.
Screaming at the murder they've been stacking on the shelves.
Selling hate for Christmas.
Burning crosses across the land.
I promise you I know the gods.
This is not their plan.
Big man yelling,
Screaming loud.
Put on that yellow star.
He will shoot you if he sees you.
He won't let you get far.
Uuuuuh.
Uuuuuh.
Uuuuuh.
Uuuuuh.
Uuuuuh.
The yellow star of yesterday is Trump's bolding crescent of today.
Branding all the Muslims, the Mexicans, that's not the way.
Forget them.
Who were here first and we're all refugees.
But didn't even your Jesus say love thy neighbors the way to be?
Yeah.
Today is my day?
Day of the faith for paragliding.
There'll be rreu car Imperial Corps aircraft at Ehles University,
Uuh...
Uuu
Uuuuuh.
Uuuuuh.
Not like a dangerous diner.



Seems to me that Jesus might be sad at what we do
But don't ask me, I'm just another short fat tattooed Jew
I know that keep them out, lock them up and give me my gun
It's a call to war and a call to hate and a prayer to the long one
Cause I feel that forthright rising, rising faster than we can see
All the hatred, all the lies, nowhere left to be
Could a forthright be arising? Can I let it come to near?
We cannot let them build a kingdom based on lies and build on fear
Must not let them build up all the hate
And be so happy
Ah yes, yes, yes.
That was Forth Reich by Reverend Fat Man D.
Ah yes, dear friends.
Did you know that this is our 1600th episode?
That's right, Hour of Slack number 1600.
And you better not let your kids watch this one
because part of it takes place during the day.


We're in the Bobtism at the 19X Day Drill in the pond at Wisteria.
And the Bobtism is clothing optional.
And Reverend Eggplant opted out of clothing.
So yeah, turn off the picture or watch it later on YouTube
on the channel called RevStang.
And we'll go to that X Day show soon.
But first I'm going to read a little more from our out-of-print book
The Subgenius Song.
The Cyclopedia of Slack.
The Bobliographon.
And there's a little piece here by Nenslow.
It's obvious, of course, that the world in general is an idiot's delight.
A contrived mediocrity designed to keep morons occupied.
Just look at the notorious conspiracy media.
Not the decoy reputable.
That's just a distraction.
Window dressing to make things look good.
I mean the stuff people really read and really believe
whether they admit it or not.
Look at the tabloids.
The true crime magazines.
The TV murder shows.
Two-inch thick metallic embossed covered hack sci-fi novels and romances.
Lame movie thrillers.
Manufactured music personalities.
It's bread and circuses.
With politicians as the clowns.
Except the more fun you want to have, the more you have to pay.
Don't act like you haven't thought about how bad that stuff sucks.
You talk about it all the time.
The question is what are you gonna do about it?
They, the conspiracy, wants you to buy all their crap.
Work hard all day at a mindless slave task to pay for more machines to play their indoctrination programs on.
To fill your home with pseudo collectibles and a limited number of computers.
number of addition of a damn zillion.
You know all that.
We've told you and told you all that,
and you don't believe it,
but if you don't believe it by now,
if you don't believe it by now,
there's no hope for you at all.
And you might as well climb back over the fence
and roll in the mud with the rest of the slavish porkers, right?
So says Nenslow.
But these kids these days,
with their cheap-ass gee-gaw and crusted broomsticks,
all these youth-rads and gimme-bobs
whine and yowl about how their new conspiracy
has worse jackboots than the old one did.
But the only thing that's really changed
are the haircuts.
Oh, the governments change eventually,
but each time you just get more government
and more haircuts.
Reading history can lead to a deep sense
of what's going on in the world.
Pessimism.
Subgenius has updated and modernized
a famous poem written about Nazi Germany
by Martin Nehmoeller,
a German Protestant pastor.
Here's our version.
They came for the computer hackers,
and I didn't object for I wasn't a computer hacker.
They came for the pornography,
and I didn't object because I wasn't a pornographer.
But then they came for the mutes.
If you believe the conspiracy theorists,
the smartest thing any of us can do right now
would be to study survivalist manuals,
flee this mass media hallucination,
buy cheap land in the Yukon,
and hide in a dome with a stockpile of canned food,
a Dobbs head, and a frot pipe,
and practice your aim.
Otherwise, learn to give the best oral sex in town
from inside a barrel.
But we don't trust the conspiracy theorists
any more than we trust the conspiracy.
Most of them are conspiracy conspiracy theorists anyway.
We trust only subgenius revealed truth,
and that says,
that the entire conspiracy, us included,
is but a parasitic fungus on the skin of the overmind,
that the human race is a virus,
an infestation like fleas,
and that the host will soon be dipped.
Any political argument is thus rendered tragically moot.
Knowing this, the subgenius adheres to patriarchal,
psychotic, anarcho-materialism,
which, by definition, each person defines differently.
In patriopsychotic anarcho-materialism,
state sovereignty isn't nearly enough.
That would be a good start.
The Soviet Union broke up? Good!
Then by gobs it's time for the USA to break up
into the disunited states,
and then to break up a lot more.
Household sovereignty is what we're talking about.
If you study chimpanzees,
or kindergarten children for a week,
politics will suddenly make sense.
You mustn't let petty primate politics
bring you down to their level, my friend.
Rise above it, in flight, blow yourself up,
and float placidly high above the middle of the road,
once you can survey how silly they all look.
Scurrying down below,
below.
Ah, yes.
And friends, that was a short reading there
from the subgenius pacyclopedia of slack,
the Bobliographon.
New revelations from J.R. Bob Dobbs,
published in 2006,
and two publishers in a row went out of business
shortly after that.
Hmm.
We'll re-release it ourselves
as an e-book or something soon.
And now,
back to the subject.
Back to July 2016,
and a live show at the 19X Day Drill
with Dr. Hal, yours truly,
and for the first time ever,
Reverend Pease.
.
.
Recording, recording, everything going, going.
Fine, we don't know, but it's going.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
Ah, yes, dear friends,
and so we begin again another hour of slack,
recorded here at the beautiful Wisteria Campground and Events Center
in near Pomeroy, Ohio.
Oh, and I should start up the slideshow.
Dr. Howell, take it away.
Many are the multifold and wondrous stories of X-Day.
Just brushing the edge of the country of legend,
and sometimes crossing entirely over into that unknown realm.
The abode of spirits.
The stories tell us of the ancient guardian of the pond.
Once, only a 200-pound snapping turtle,
old Siqua, found favor in the eyes of the great spirit,
Wakong Tonka.
And according to...
The ancient story was granted the boon of indefinite, even eternal existence.
Though even the almighty spirit may not know its duration.
And so, only putting the tip of his enormous algae-encrusted bill
out of the water in the stillness of the night,
he takes in the vital atmosphere,
which even Siqua must absorb.
He waits eternally for the unwary at the bottom of the ancient shaft.
And we will be visiting the edge of that ancient shaft at three o'clock.
That's right.
The schedule...
The schedule, which no one ever looks at,
is, uh, wrong.
It is one hour early.
The schedule is too eager for that event to take place.
But it will take place, as sure as there's a heaven behind the sun,
on three o'clock.
And only the doctrinally impure subgenius in the pond need worry about being taken by old Siqua
as the required...
...sacrifice.
He's...
He only takes one.
One by weight, which he might make up from several,
if there actually could be such a thing as several doctrinally impure subgeniuses
jonesing for pink enticements,
while they pretend to be on the slackful path,
and on our great and sacred mission to create universes,
and on our great and sacred mission to create universes,
of slack.
Ah, yes.
A universe of slack sounds pretty good to me.
I'm getting a little bit toasted.
This is day four, or so,
and I've been trying to get a nice night of sleep every night,
but of course it doesn't happen.
And I'm getting into that state of mind where you put something important in your mind,
down and instantly lose it. You put it down in the wrong place or the right
place it doesn't matter. Oh here's something I was looking for oh no that's
not it. We had a newspaper from commemorating the derecho, the terrible
terrible weather that struck us that first X day and then the second X day at Wisteria.
Exception of nature occurred. But on the other hand although there were
incredible malignant weather formations and phenomena very few of them actually
struck X day even when the irate gods hurled thunderbolts they landed
harmlessly outside Caffeinas and raced down the hill toward the grindhouse.
And we got a great recording of it. Cut to lightning strike recording now.
Yeah we put all these effects in in post.
Well that's right.
Boom on the saucers.
Holy head shit.
Don't worry folks lightning never strikes in the same place twice.
I saw that that lightning bolt hit.
Yeah I did too.
I heard it that settles it.
Bob paid for it.
Sinners in the hands of an angry God.
And so there was perturbation in heaven and earth.
You should have seen them people perturbating. They're crazy perturbating all over the place.
They almost were so perturbated that their souls spurted from their bodies leaving them soulless beings.
And many have taken voluminous pains to determine the state of the soul upon disunion.
Here comes one of those souls now. It's an ugly one.
Get away.
A scary one. Oh gross.
Get it off me.
One of them bit me the other day.
One of them got me right in the face. Right in the side.
Yeah hell's got you. Hell's got you.
He's got a soul bite on his chin there.
Still tingles and is unpleasant like many other things.
But you know it is unto us the subgeniuses who are attempting to guide the others.
Not out of vain gloriousness but because someone must take up these disdained things.
It is up to us to suffer the ravages of show host syndrome.
Where in order to give you the right to live.
Where in order to give slack to others we receive so much less of it ourselves.
Is that a complaint of wine?
Wine is a mockery.
A fine wine.
A fine old wine.
Strong drink is raging.
Yes the wine of the sacrament.
So uh you know.
Oh here's my list of camping things to bring.
Oh no I forgot all of it.
Good thing I'm not camping.
Camp stove.
Camp tarpaulin.
Camp toilet.
Camp movies.
Susan Sontag snark list.
Pith helmet.
Gum boots.
And many packages of Wrigley's Spearmint Gum.
And of course television.
Because you know when you go camping you want to watch TV.
We have tried to offer good and bad film at this festival.
But the only people who ever show up to watch it.
Are the projectionists.
So we may or may not blow that off.
But yes it's Saturday.
Saturday at X Day.
And a lot more people came in last night.
And will probably roll in today.
Yes.
Well Reverend Stang it's up to you now to describe what's going to happen in the next few hours.
The tumultuous events of this X Day 19.
Starting with the Bob-tism at 3 o'clock.
But then we all troop those who Sequa has left back from the Bob-tismal pond.
And then.
Well I imagine that there are some people who actually obeyed the schedule.
One or two.
And they're down there baptizing each other right now.
Well.
I see some new subgeniuses have just come in.
And may they have joy of it.
And then there's the no-comment.
The costume ball.
Isn't that right?
Right.
After the Bob-tism.
The costume-less, theme-less ball.
Yes.
And then.
I've got my costume.
Such as it is.
And then.
What happens then is what?
The more of this and then the Bull-Dotta auction or something?
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Actually during the party.
Or a little ways into the party.
We should start doing the Bull-Dotta auction.
Yes.
As it trails off.
Because there's a lot of the moneyed subgeniuses are going to be leaving tomorrow.
Oh we can't allow that.
That would be a violation of the cosmic contract.
And somebody somewhere would have to pay it.
It might be me except I'm momentarily embarrassed because my creditors are pressing me.
And so we will have to tithe from the faithful once again.
To screw out every drop of life blood from the financial circulatory system.
Of the joyous subgeniuses.
Who are going to give up all of that subservience to the invisible and non-existent monetary
god when they step aboard the pleasure saucers of the Exist Space Goddesses.
The monetary god, it may be invisible but he's got a big hand.
A great big invisible hand.
That can just yank you up all of a sudden.
Such as with car repairs.
It is an occult force that is not to be trifled with lightly.
But like all of those things it is unreal from our perspective.
And only granted reality by us that it may continue moment to moment.
The poet John Milton realized this.
And often spoke of it disparagingly.
Being somewhat ashamed of being in a family of usurers.
Since usury is forbidden according to some biblical texts.
Bob is the zombie who eats your skin and the weasel who rips your flesh, friends.
But what have you done for Bob lately, huh?
Come on.
I bet he hadn't seen you with a collection plate or a spray paint.
Can in your hand lately, I bet you.
When you see some...
You bet you posted on Facebook.
When was the last time you climbed up a building and spray painted Bob's head in some dangerous place?
Or even less effort than that.
What is the last time you saw some doofus shambling along who might be relieved of his existential agony
if you only whispered a word of Bob's gospel to him and yet you held back?
When was the last time you made a crop circle that looked like Bob?
Bob and Doug did.
Actually Bob and Doug were the guys who instigated that while drinking instigator beer.
And there was Bob and Dave who did Mr. Show.
And all kinds of Bobs working constantly toward the same gradually clearing goal.
Too many Bobs, too many Dougs.
We had to number them.
Yeah.
Now remember, the Bobtism will cover you until the saucers come this year.
If by any chance there was a delay owing to cosmic rays or eruptions of nuclear or matter, antimatter force in the universe,
then the following year a repeat of the Bobtism process would be necessary and vital.
We are, as Bob's ministers, equipped to Bobtize all and sundry who venture into the historic Wisteria pond.
Now friends, we begin about the Bobtism.
With an all new script this time, I'm sure.
Reverend Goldilocks, first time today, first Bobtism.
Do you reject the conspiracy?
And all of its trappings from your life and accept Bob into your heart and mind?
I wholeheartedly do.
That's beautiful! Down you go!
Huh!
Except you're gonna push her apart.
Praise Bob!
I lost a cleanse!
You see how easy it is, ladies and gentlemen.
Let's keep them coming.
Reverend Daniel has yet to choose his church name because it's a decision that sometimes takes years.
It is a biblical and prophetic name.
And in the lion's den?
Do you reject the lion's den, the conspiracy, and accept Bob and all his flying saucers and whatever bizarre things he decides to do to you during the course of this weekend?
Into your heart and mind say yes!
Oh, I do, yes!
Oh, God! Down you go!
A fake plan in an unusual way.
We usually have them go...
Let's go, Reverend Daniel.
Um...
And don't worry about the brain-eating amoebas this time.
They won't if you just stop mentioning them all the time.
No one likes those amoebas.
You know, they can only live in warm water, don't you know?
Oh, yes, I know. They can only live in warm water...
The water in the pond is cold, except at the surface.
So be careful when accidentally ingesting a few drops at the surface.
But who wants to get that stuff in your mouth?
Well, ingesting a brain-eating amoeba won't do anything. Then you're eating the amoeba's brain.
They get in through your nose.
Well, then, of course, you want to protect those apertures.
But the pond is cold for a reason, and it contains filtered water.
So let's not scare the already easily scared subgenius.
Wait a minute. You've been talking about old Sequa, the giant prehistoric snapping turtle,
at the bottom of the pond that kills subgeniuses.
And I'm not supposed to mention the tiny brain-eating amoebas?
It doesn't kill true subgeniuses, only lapsed subgeniuses, only the doctrinally impure.
And then only when it's in the mood, being a reptile.
So I was merely trying to speak respectfully.
Well, thank you. Thank you, thank you, Dr. Howell,
for speaking respectfully of the things that want to kill us.
I suppose you don't start talking respectful about pigs now. They want to kill.
Everything else in the universe.
Actually, they probably don't even notice us.
Well, they can kill you without noticing you, or without knowing that they want to kill you.
Remember, the conspiracy is not a conscious conspiracy.
Reverend Lobster, do you, in the name of Bob,
in the name of Connie, in the name of Godzilla and other great monsters,
accept Bob in your heart and reject the conspiracy from your nether regions?
Yes, I do!
Hey, Bob!
I almost impaled him on that spike there.
That would have been good.
Reverend Lobster, rise. A crawdad for Bob.
Well, I haven't met you yet.
I'm Reverend Flamegrape from Knoxville.
Oh, right! It's another show.
This guy does another, or did another subgenius show.
Well, I will do it in the middle of the night. I'll tell you about it.
Right, right, right.
Many of us do it in the middle of the night.
You play the Hour of Slack on the radio in Knoxville.
Yeah, one year. One year in Knoxville.
I also do it in the middle of the night.
Praise Bob!
Well, we know you're clean in the eyes of Bob, but this formality will make you cleaner.
Do you, Reverend Flamegrape, accept Bob into your life, reject the conspiracy, and...
And always brush with him.
Yeah, always brush your brush at night.
It's important.
Yes, I do. I do.
Down he goes!
Down under.
Praise Bob.
All right, Reverend Anna Mall is next.
Overlord.
So I only get the sprinklings.
Oh, you're just going to get the sprinkling, huh?
Just the sprinklings, because it'll mess up my delightful hair.
No, you can't.
Your hair is delightful.
Reverend Anna Mall!
Let's call on the Catoochie!
All right, in the middle of the night.
In the name of Bob!
In the name of Connie Dobbs!
In the name of Reverend Anna Mall!
I cast out the demons of the conspiracy!
I cast out Neegie and all the bad things that ever happened to you!
I'm sprinkling this whole water around on you.
Can you just sprinkle some water?
It's cold, isn't it?
No, continue to sprinkle.
This is good to keep flies away, too.
You flick water at them and they don't like it.
This is the cold love of Bob.
Ah, believe it!
I believe it!
I'm convinced!
I'm not convinced!
I believe you were so cold.
If you can't whoop it, go down.
We could afford a bigger conspiracy up here.
Reverend Pease, did you want to come up?
Reverend Angry Larry, do you want to arm wrestle Reverend Pease?
We have an extra microphone and even extra headphones here for those with an extra head.
X-Day made so much money last year, we got a new set of headphones.
Why are we rolling in it, so to speak?
I thought I smelled something.
Certainly not me.
I have them on me.
And so...
Yeah, those things go on your ears, Reverend Pease.
It was given unto Reverend Pease.
And look at his mic stand.
It's a cigar box.
Is his mic standing?
No doubt it's the excitement of this occasion.
Well, it's the near proximity to you, Dr. Howe, that's got me a little bit of a jitter.
Everyone was astounded by Reverend Pease's vigorous stage work last night.
I was surprised.
I didn't know that he was a professional stripper.
Well, you thought it was online, but no, that's just one fragment of the effusion of his personality.
Now, this tangle of wires, could it be possibly ameliorated or is something going to become unattached at a crucial moment?
No, that's part of our slack.
That may not have been properly explained in the contract.
Boy, it's like the so-called radio station I'm at where if you move your mic, you're going to get a signal.
If you move your foot an inch, you disconnect the whole thing because there's a huge tangle of loosely attached wires at your feet.
Yes.
Didn't you recently have to throw off that yoke and repair the consoles yourself during a recent episode?
Oh, we bring in jump doggies to do that.
You'll need to put your head closer to that mic. You could hold it.
Minions. Mermadons.
But try not to finger it too much because you'll see it.
Because you'll hear those finger palpations and they'll become part of it.
But you'll see it. You can hear them.
But it helps. See how close my lips are to the microphone?
I had a mic stand but we used it at the main stage.
I keep running back and forth to get things like adapters.
Ours have sponge-based spit guards but yours do not.
So don't be surprised if a little actinic spark shoots from the mic to the wet surface of your mouth.
Am I fingering it right now?
Oh, that's good. That's good. That's real good.
No, you're not fingering. You're coming in deeper.
Clear as a bell.
I prefer to think with this fingering.
More tickles.
Yes, Mr. America and Mrs. America and all the ships at sea.
This is the first Bobcast to incorporate the voice of Reverend Pease.
I guess that's true, isn't it?
Well, actually they do a podcast that has a very tinny, thin sound.
I'm proud to say we have over four listeners.
So we've really doubled our listener viewing.
Well, now I didn't say podcast, did I?
You did not, sir. You absolutely did not.
Because this distinction is becoming blurry like everything else.
Now there's podcast radio, so-called.
Has nothing to do with radio.
And podcast TV.
In San Francisco there's a big podcast TV station.
And I've even been on it several times.
And you go there and it's bustling.
And it's full of energetic young people.
And they have a coffee house and a cafe and equipment and all sorts of stuff.
And how do they possibly pay the rent in San Francisco?
Who pays for all this stuff?
This torrent of technological change?
Doesn't the state of California give you a podcast when you renew your driver's license?
They're so hip.
They're so advanced out there.
They teach kindergarten kids how to do a podcast in California.
That's why Philo's leaving.
Every voice must be heard.
Tune every heart and every voice.
Well, when everybody has a show, nobody has a show.
That's when not having a show will be hip.
Like, hey, I'm not doing my show again this Sunday.
Did you get a sub? A rerun?
A special second name?
A substitute?
A substitute.
Somebody to get in there and pitch it for you?
Not do the show.
Just not do the show.
Well, I always like to get something in there live because the fans and or detractors say that it's not as much fun when there's a rerun.
So on mine, I've got puzzling evidence.
Wreaking havoc.
Yeah, I've got X Day 7 is tricking the listeners at WCSB Cleveland into thinking they're hearing X Day live.
Some rather well-edited live.
It's so much fun to trick the little tiny listeners.
Well, you know, speaking of podcast TV, several subgeniuses, in other words, Dr. Leguim, wanted to preach.
Leguim has a sermon and he wants to preach via FaceTime or something.
And all I need is someone who knows how to put your phone on or possibly this laptop onto the screen or at least the sound.
On the other hand, he probably should just send me a file.
Those sound like K-Rob's time-saving shortcuts to technology.
He's always doing things like that.
We can't get the studio phone to work and he just grabs the phone and puts it by a microphone and it somehow works.
Sure.
Instead of using the controls.
You know, when the slideshow stops, audience members should run up here and wave their hands back and forth or touch the space bar.
Yes, that would imply that they are actually watching the pictures.
You'll have to let security let some of them off because they've been pushing the crowds back and as we know, it's been excessive this year.
Well, it's best that none of them be harmed through their understandable impetuosity.
And after we return and after there's the no costume ball and so forth, we're going to have the Bulldada auction and some of the treasures of time will be made available to deserving subgeniuses.
And who knows, if the bidding is low, you can walk away with an incredible prize.
That is if certain of the auctioneers don't do that first, which is their time-honored privilege.
These are treasures.
These are treasures that have not been seen in the light of man's eyes for thousands of years.
Like that.
Available to you today only.
Like that carven mechanical fornication fetish object which Stang's scooped up.
But there are other things that will get through the net and may be available.
Ah.
It's interesting.
This solar-powered monkey seems to be picking up energy even in the shadows.

I wonder why.
I have a little dancing skeleton like that.
Princess Wee and I have a skeleton that dances on our window sill.
I've seen it.
I've seen it.
I've seen it dancing.
It dances a lot harder on snowy days.
There's so much light bouncing around.
Get light coming from the bottom as well as the top.
But I wonder what there is to power this fellow here in the shade.
If only that worked for me.
I could really use solar power.
You think so.
But then you'd have to slather on the...

I think you could slather on solar power block every day and wait for it to be absorbed
by your skin before you could do anything.
That gives me an idea for on X Day, July 5th, 1998, which is this Tuesday.
This time for sure.
I'm going to give myself a photosynthesis ability so I can feed off of sunlight.
Like algae.
I feel like every year goes by and you grab another monument and another ability and it's
really nice.
It's a lot of fun.


And I can't believe it's not a lot left for the rest of us.
Then get on the stick, man.
Make your list.
I'm left with one of the tortoises and a fire ring.
Well, you know, you should have started earlier.
I'm a fate judge.
You got to get your dibs in.
The problem is, of course, I bragged about all the things I'm going to grab like the
Grand Canyon and so forth.
And of course the other subgeniuses are going to try to beat me to it.
Or there'll be battles.
battles, gunfights in outer space over the earth, over who gets the Rijksmuseum from
Amsterdam. And of course, they'll all get destroyed as the subgeniuses fight over them.
I think I'm going to go for more obscure things. The Creationist Museum in Kentucky,
I'm going to have that just for laughs. They're almost done with that Ark thing. I'm going
to take all the regular animals out and fill it all up with lizards. I think I'll be content
with that. Maybe the Roadside America thing over there in Pennsylvania. I like that.
What's that? What have they got over there?
It's a guy who spent like 60 years making this model railroad train in this
Oh, I've, yes, yes. And it plays the Star Spangled Banner and they turn the switch
and the stars come out and the toodles and jugs around.
It doesn't sound very impressive through my description, but if you see this,
it's such a labor of love and there's such intricate detail in it.
Yeah.
If you're interested, go to the website.

If you like miniatures, it's really something to see.
Oh, I love electric trains and Puzzling Evidence and I often go to the giant electric train
expo just for fun. Well, for more than fun. There are a few other reasons.
Research.
One reason is that they have everything there. And I mean everything in miniature, including
the little obscene miniatures of tiny people defecating in outhouses or people having sex
or nude women sunbathing or whatever. And Puzzling Evidence buys them.
And Puzzling Evidence buys the tiny people in outhouses and gives them to Philo, who loves them and cultivates them.
And usually the model train expo is right next to the gun expo. And you couldn't believe the difference.
It's more extreme than night and day. One of them is all about trains and fun.
And the other one is the bitter guy in a wheelchair who tries to sell you a rusty bayonet and sign you up for the tea party.
I just thought of another.
I have dibs on the Salton Sea. Well, actually just Bombay Beach and Salton City. You can have the lake.
I got Ball's Pyramid Island.
Knott's Berry Farm used to have a collection of miniatures in this whole little warehouse.
I don't know if they have it anymore, but I'm going to take dibs on that too.
It was like a city block full of dollhouses and Bibles written on the head of a pen and all that stuff.
You could fit the whole thing in your pocket.
There must be lots of tiny people who all these tiny Bibles.
In San Francisco, don't fail to visit the Musee Mechanique where there are all sorts of miniature things.
You put a coin in and they spring to life.
Oh, that's what Pam does to me.
Miniature combines the International Harvester and the Grim Reaper.
Oh, yes, friends. So many things.
Make your list of what the good things that Earth has.
There's a lot to offer. There are a lot of good things.
Most of them are not made by people, but there are some made by people that are pretty good.
And if you don't start making your list now, as Ivan Stanks told you,
it's going to be your own fault when you're stuck with a brown paper bag and an Albertsons from Santa Monica.
Yes, there are all the gems and jewels hidden in the depths of the sea.
The treasures of ancient Atlantis.
Pudding, strawberries, sunrises.
And, at one time, I thought it would be best just to go to the Grand Canyon right before July 5th.
And that way, when Stank picked it up, I would be in it, stowed away on the ship.
But it seemed a complicated plan.
Down at the bottom by Brighty of the Grand Canyon and all of those other critters.
After that, I'd be the ghost in the machine.
Things would go wrong and he'd be like, what's going on?
I'd run off to the engine room and hide.
More new ones have arrived.
Yes, as we sit here.
Saturday at X Day, the big day.
The big top has opened.
That is Racine Miller.
Lord, how they roll in.
That's Mother Miller.
I got a phone call from her, a message from her.
One of my favorite subgeniuses.
And in addition to the swag available today,
there will be swag newly refreshed available tomorrow.
Due to the number of people here,
we had to have helicopters bring in a fresh bottle of swag.
I'm sorry, bucket.
It is like a large flat package.
I got stuck on the piece.
Well, I'm ready for bed again.
I have yet to go to sleep.
You're kidding.
No, I am not.
I'm definitely not.
Whoa.
The excitement of being at X Day has filled me with such energy and joy.
It's percolated through your veins.
Some leaked out, but I had a towel and was able to mop up.
So save that towel.
You'll need it later.
I've been sleeping, but not quite enough.
And my short term memory is just zapped.
What?
Yeah.
So whatever.
What I've said, whatever that was.
So I'm not going to trust you with any of the important stuff because you're going to lose it just like I would.
Well, you know, I'm hoping at some point in time,
I will just fall into a deep sleep.

You can get 10 or 15 minutes, but you can never trust it.
Well, it's going to be a late night tonight, but we probably won't be doing too much of the show stuff today.
In fact, we should probably knock it off pretty soon.
Is there an Ask Dr. Howell today?
There has to be an Ask Dr. Howell.
We packed everything into Saturday.
I said Saturday or Sunday, didn't I?
Sunday.
Sunday.
Sunday should be enough.
Today is Saturday.
Right.
Yeah.
I don't know if you saw this while I was sleeping.
There's a wonderful cartoon in the Vision Quest, but it describes your own condition.
Oh, no, I hadn't seen that.
This guy's really good.
These free comic books, by the way, are thanks to Reverend Onan Canovike, who sent us a giant stack of these comic newspapers.
From the beautiful Pacific Northwest.
How do I sleep at night?
I don't.
My brain races at night while I'm lying there.
Well, like this morning.
With the flop and the pills on the bedside table.
Yeah.
And the little iPod or something.
I woke up at 8 in the morning to void my water, and then instead of going back to sleep, I kept reminding myself over and over again for the next three hours,
bring your swimming trunks and remember to bring that costume.
Because today is Saturday.
We've got to do those things.
And I just laid there reminding myself to bring those things over and over and over again until I finally just went, well, let's jump up and have a circus at X Day.
Run down the hill.
Turn on the swag machine.
I was somewhat concerned as I was surveying the grounds this morning.
I went down to Old Sequa's Pond.
Did it seem tranquil?
It seemed beautifully tranquil.
It seemed tranquil from the distance I could see it from, but it was all locked up tight.
Chains and dogs.
Oh, no.
They haven't opened it up.
Three-headed monster dog might have been in the woods.
I don't know.
I didn't see him, actually.
Better find out if they have opened it.
Remember, each X Day we've had to try to force them to open the pond.
Well, how is it closed?
They chain it up.
There is a small gate with a padlocked lock.
But can't we go over it or around it?
You definitely could if some was to violate the law.
I climb over it.
But it should be open.
We should have them open it.
It should be free.
Well, keep talking and I'll message Kenny.
Yes, they may have forgotten that our ancient customs require us to use the pond for this purpose.
Little known fact.
Each X Day, one person goes missing to Old Sequa.
Well, that person is hardly to be counted or considered
since that person, by nature, was perforce doctrinally impure and not a true subgenius.
Just an extra flab or chicken fat that could be cut from the corpus of the church.
It's a natural purging that needed to take place for the better body.
It takes place because it must.
Wise words.
Slack can make the difference.
And that's why he's a doctor.
Well, I've now texted ahead about burning the Bob effigy and opening the pond.
But I'm used to crawling over barbed wire fences.
Well, we're going to have to do that.
But then we're going to have to get a whole bunch of uneasy subs to do it also.
I have no doubt of my ability to do it.
Nobody's going to shoot us.
Rob and Renee and I climbed over it last year.
Right.
That's what I was thinking.
But that shouldn't be an additional barrier.
In our way, it's just not pleasant when we don't attempt to get rid of those minor impediments.
Because there are major ones.
I've got some bolt cutters.
We'll just force our way in there.
Wouldn't your wisteria friends look askance at the damage to their physical plant?
A few large subgeniuses could probably just push that.
Well, they could roll over it.
The reality is the gate could easily be circumnavigated by just walking off the trail for five feet.
We're lawbreakers, man.
We could do some brush popping.
We're scofflaws.
We sneer and laugh at society's regulations and rules.
The traffic signals are just mere suggestions.
We snap our fingers.
Here.
Here.
Here.
Oh, yes.
Music to break into restricted areas by.
Nina Rocha.
Look at that.
The wisteria staff, ever on the alert to keep subgeniuses out of danger, has locked the pond.
I guess they don't want to get sued if old Sequa kills somebody.
Or mangles and takes a foot.
Something like that.
So we're crawling over a busted part of the fence in order to get to the sacred pond.
Uh-oh.
Let's see what kind of things are living in here now.
I asked for it.
Oh, you're fucking dead.
The sign says bottom drops off.
I had that problem myself.
No lifeguard on duty.
Let us all be our own lifeguard.
There was a dead body last time we came down here.
Well, it wasn't a body.
It was an empty set of clothing with blood all over.
And that little teddy bear all torn up.
A fortunate monster episode that we had.
We reveal ourselves here.
Oh, Lord, I threw it ourselves.
I took off your mask.
Oh, that's right.
I reveal myself unto my God.
Unto my God.
God.
Let the blessed signs of the radiation be seen.
Woo!
Come on, Brett.
You wanted to do this.
Huh?
Pop.
Oh!
Woo!
Who is next?
Anybody else up for sprinkling the dunking?
Reverend Lucy Van Pelt, aptly named in this particular case because of the pelt.
It's artificial pelt that it's adding.
Well, it'll come off.
You're covered with sins, Reverend Lucy Van Pelt.
I can see them.
They're not even invisible.
They're just sticking right out.
Let's wash them off.
Praise God.
Woo!
And here she comes, rising up.
Right up out there.
Out of the water.
Newly washed underbob.
You'd hardly believe it from the condition you get in after a...
Hi.
Reverend Catfeather.
Ah, the lovely Catfeather is here.
Screw-all-all.
She's done this before.
She knows the drill.
She knows the drill, but still, we must drill it into her head that the conspiracy must never...
Don't let the conspiracy fool you into thinking it has more slack.
Only you have the true slack, and you will find it at the bottom of that pond where there's bubbles.
I'm ready.
Show me.
Ready.
Down you go.
Ah, there you go.
Reverend Eggplant.
Our faithful Reverend Eggplant.
Reverend Eggplant has been so tainted by having to work for the conspiracy, especially the
medical conspiracy, that he has to get his sins washed away every year with extra little
doses in between.
Reverend Eggplant, I hope it takes this time.
Do you reject the conspiracy?
And all its worth.
And all its worth.
I'm going to get a little fiber in my body.
Yeah!
That's a lot of fibers.
Down you go, Reverend Eggplant.
Woo!

Ah!
Hooray!
We can symbolically wash all the frog watchers.
Sure, I'll flick some water on them.
I'm about to get out.
You just go like this.
Stang.
Look at all this conspiracy.
You can see it.
It's all been washed off, and it's all like...
It's all over me.
It's all cloudy.
It's like pond scum.
Yeah.
That's exactly what it is.
It's scummier now that the sins have been washed away.

It's all washed off these filthy subgeniuses.
Stang!
No!
If you're going to baptize yourself, give me your shirt first.
No, no, no.
I'm not going to do that.
People from space just got here.
We just watched a car drive in, and people didn't know it was space.
People from space have just arrived.
It's happening.
It's for real this time.
As foretold.
These are outliers.
It's in the literature.
There are outliers.
There are premature arrivers.
Ladies and gentlemen, the scout ships have arrived.



Yes, they are harassing motorists in southern states, and they are also here.
Well, these aren't the exes.
This would be some other kind of lesser aliens who just want in on a good deal.
Trying to hit your eye.
Trying to hit your eye.
They're going, oh, the rupture's happening on Earth.
We better get there quick.
We'll blend in with the natives.
If we can make the gate by seven, we'll get there two hours early.
We'll disguise ourselves as humans.
They won't notice these spacesuits.
They're subgeniuses.
See, I never bought that, that the aliens would disguise themselves as humans.
They'll think it's a funny costume.
I find my human body very uncomfortable from time to time, and I can't imagine somebody
choosing to do that to themselves.
I think you need to keep your never form.
It depends on how much zeal you have.
Oh, excellent.
The zeal moment.
Yes, if you're willing to go the extra distance, you might say you have our zeal of a person.






Accept our effort.

Linus sent out a charms on songs in his world.
Our story is never being shy, but be patient and grace frequently for sales.
It is go easy on us.
Bob-oom- iniciativ 건.


Their lies will become authors, copywriters, and잊-liberators.
And whatever works works with liberty.
This is my response.

Jeremy dusters freteuza.

Rob sweaterzertnijthat neural sponsor.

I hate a video game,ộnnall law professional or some man under the job within a его
The master has no power over the sugarsine gas of the s Wha, you would like.
see this though it is absolutely the funniest and best stuff ever but radio oh it's so laughable
you'll uh yak till the cows come along side splitting knee slapping high larity
well you know we could always put this show on youtube and just have that slideshow going in
the background of course they wouldn't sync up but doesn't matter well but for that daddy oh
you need a green screen no no we would just no i mean you you just use the soundtrack of this
recording oh i see i see instead of having the album cover for an hour you know you got all this
these things it's not hard to do if it is hard to get around to that's the there's lots of things
that are easy to do but getting to them getting started that's that's the tricky part yeah usually
once you get started then get into it
ladies and gentlemen it is 10 minutes of three o'clock now it is oh my god historic or is it
is that well do you mine says 20 minutes but we should wrap up this hour slack in a nice
wrapping paper and send it off to bob it's your last opportunity and set it on fire so he comes
out to stamp on it and it's still we should insure it first and then burn it that was
puzzling evidence suggesting is how to make money as an artist you make the art you insure
the art you burn the art you collect the insurance money on the art i thought it was genius i thought
somebody else makes the art you come to their house uh tell the postal authorities that it
is rejected have it sent back and uh that's tupperware that's why he's puzzling evidence
well folks okay you've heard it from us and now it's up to you to make uh the next few hours the
most thrilling and compelling x day ever
first the baptism then the return uh squashing in our shoes two caffeinas then the no costume
ball and party then uh the bull dada auction later on the performance of andrew the impaled
and david apocalypse death defying and stomach churning and finally the burning of bob
and friends this has been hour of slack number
five hundred
and uh if you really need more information about the church of the subgenius or any of the other
shows need that check subgenius.com do you want to spend your last few days on earth sleeping
yeah i do oh yeah actually that sounds great i wish i could actually i wish i could
but somebody has to flip the tapes as it were okay that's it goodbye and thank you all stop
flipping those tapes
to stand around here yeah it's an oil that adheres to your hair i'm i think that it's um a filamentous
it's from process it's that's pure scrum that's uncut i don't better
there i think it's a lot actually i think i think it's true it's alive no really it's uh
like it's single cell cream cream cream cream cream cream cream cream cream cream cream cream cream cream cream cream pink cream pink meu
that grow in a chain.
I think.
Am I strange?
You can't tell the difference?
Okay, microbiologists.
So they're alive, yeah.
That's my theory.
Honestly, I don't think they would grab a hold of us though so wholeheartedly if they
were a little bit sick.
I just think it's an oil that cleans your hairs.
You can't question what Scrum really is.
No, no, look.
You don't read the label on the box.
Right.
Because you just take it and you enjoy it.
Right.
You know.
Don't think about it too much.
Ignore the preservatives.
The MSC, all that extra Scrum.
The red number what?
Scrum.
You know, a few years ago what was called Crump, it used to be called Crunt.
There was a time Scrum was called Crunt.
Long time ago.
Well, you know, maybe we can go back to classic Crunt.
It was used the same way.
You're so old school, Reverend.
Maybe we can go back to classic Crunt for those that missed the flavor.
It didn't really taste very good.

It was very much an acquired taste.
Well, you know, but you get hooked on it and then it's just delightful.
Right.
Once you get used to it, the first few bites are hard.
You know.
The first trip is always a fun one.
People don't do Crunt because it tastes good.
I'm pretty sure.
Yeah, I don't think it has much to do with the taste.
Yeah.
Plus, I mean, I want Ellie Sheedy on a Scrum commercial near an after school special.
That would be great.
That was his first time though.
Where is she now?
Where is she?
She's not on a Scrum commercial doing her thing.




She's doing her job.
I'll tell you that right now.
Where are my glasses?
Come on, Ellie Sheedy.
Where are my glasses?
Get with him.
I think that's them.
You can swim in this?
It's nice.
It's nice swimming in all of this.
It's not that bad.
I mean, it's foul.
You can swim in anything if you have enough of it.
I mean, it's foul.
My dog.
Oh, yeah.
Old Sequa tried to get me.
I don't know where that came from.
Oh, shit.
Oh, goodness.
Look at that.
It looks like one of my Loppin's scars.
Wait.
Which one is it?
Old Sequa.
That was Old Sequa Claw.
That was Old Sequa Claw.
That means I was, that was a warning to me.
That is my soda, but I didn't.
I can do that.
