Test, test, test. Maybe it had to save. Okay, now we can be funny again.
Okay, three, two, one, be funny!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
That never worked.
Yes, that laugh in the dark.
Before you leap.
The laugh before you jump.
Might as well laugh.
Okay, so this is the beginning, the murky beginning of a new hour of Slack.
Murkier and newer.
At the Wisteria campground stage of the cafe at Caffeina's.
Still with the call of birth over its eyes, licking the moisture from its new-fledged skin.
The embryo of this show freshly decanted, because today is another tomorrow.
So let's go.
We've already established that there is some silly story about a so-called monster stalking the campground,
which is simply...
A cover story, in my opinion, for the fact that someone is not capable of taking care of small animals correctly.
Well, what about all the air mattress sniffing that's going on?
Well, that's common among subgeniuses, according to most accounts.
After all, some air mattresses must be inflated, let us not forget.
And thus, it is necessary to place not only the lips, but the entire face near the...



The valve.
At this time, such sniffage, as you describe, may inadvertently occur.
Case closed.
Yes, but I have heard some major complaints of excessive mattress sniffing going on around this particular X-Day.
Well, people like to talk about something, so they complain against...
I mean, about others who may be perfectly blameless.
Should be considered exonerated.
And all of that.
Yes, it's human to make these complaints.
You know, I never heard of this mattress sniffers until this campout.
I suppose you haven't.
I suppose you haven't.
And suddenly I was seeing all these warnings about mattress sniffers.
But, uh, yes, I noticed this...
Do we have a warning here?
This day, yes.
Oh, yeah, right.
Now, this wasn't read out to the right...
Warning to all campers.
This is some sort of state public service thing.
Oh, hell.
While you're busy getting trashed and grooving to that music all the kids like,
you're...
Your air mattress may be under attack.
It is not safe to leave your air mattress unlocked,
as perverts and drug fiends have been scouting out potential mattresses to sniff.
Sniffing mattresses that aren't yours,
whether you're trying to snort up old booze fumes,
froth dust,
or the bodily fluids of that yeti you want to stalk,
is stealing.
Don't steal smells that aren't yours.
Steal...
Smell stealing.
Stealing is a pink activity.
Don't be a pink.
Pay for your stink.
You know, I honestly have no idea where this came from.
The preceding was an announcement from the subgenius...
Bureau of Unreported Announcements.
And there's also those warnings about the candiru toad.
Yes, those are very alarming.
That shows what it does.
You just have to look where you relieve yourself.
In the woods...
And that toad will probably not harm you at all.
Well, uh, yeah, there's a trail near the stage called the Yellow Trail.
That doesn't mean you're supposed to go there to urinate.
Although I know it has been done
because we've had to do some candiru toad operations to remove that toad.
Those are expensive and painful.
The toad is tiny when it climbs up your urethra
but it then swells up real fast
and all its barbs go out once it's in your bladder.
And the pain is just...
You can tell that it's horrifying.
Terrible pain.
Yes, like its Amazonian namesake.
The candiru fish.
People tried to tell us that there was no such thing as the candiru fish.
I have a photograph of one.
There is.
You can't fake a photograph.
Beware the debunkers.
It's strangely enough in a book I have called Killers of the Seas,
although it's not in the sea,
but he's talking about the Cypranoid fish and makes that little side trip.
But it was discovered as far back as before the First World War
that these vampire catfish did exist.
Hmm.
When I first heard about the vampire squid, I thought it was a joke.
I thought it was a joke.
I thought it was like a silly hoax or something.
Nay.
They really are vampire squid.
Nay, nay.
It's all too real.
No, the thing that we have in our bathroom that squirts water that's a tub toy is an
actual replica of a real vampire squid.
Vampyro-toothish.
When we got that toy, I thought it was a cute, funny joke, but then I found out there really
are...
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no.
...funny-looking purple squid that...
I guess they turn into bats and fly around and suck people's blood or something.
I don't know why else they'd be called that.
All this flinching and squeamishness about animal life harming humans is amusing in the
context of the fact that humans are relentlessly exterminating all the other animals.
No animal is as bad as a human.
Humans are the worst of all.
And meanwhile, they're tittering about spiders and snakes and other things, which, given
the harmfulness of humans...
Humans are nothing at all in the equation.
Yes, every animal, when it sees even the silhouette of a distant human, will freeze up and try
to hide, because they've learned to do that.
Everything falls under the scythe of the Holocene.
And yet, even the terrifying humans, all of the humans could be wiped out by the smallest
members of God's kingdom.
As ye sow, so shall ye sow and sow.
The Tyrannosaurus virus.
But there at least is one creature which the humans have saved.
Not that we want to spend much time talking about him, but of course you know I'm speaking
of the giant stick insects, or phasmids, of Ball's Pyramid Island.
Oh, they have been saved?
Not only have they been saved, but there is a successful breeding program that's going
on now at the Melbourne Australia Zoo for these giant insects, formerly thought to be
extinct, and now they've got thousands of them.
Oh good, I knew you were hot for them, Dr. Howell.
I did my best online trying to whip up some sympathy for their plight.
These are giant walking stick type bugs?
They're phasmids, like you see in the movie Pan's Labyrinth, you know, these stick insects,
which transmit into fairies.
But the giant phasmids of, you know, actually they were found living on Ball's Pyramid Island,
which is an island very difficult to land on, an island which you can hardly believe
in the existence of when you see the photograph.
Nonetheless, it's all too real.
You must have seen all that stuff I put up.
Yeah, that's the island that the Popeye's Island of the Goons is based on.
Well, the island is practically vertical.
Oh, yeah?
Well, it's like a giant arrowhead sticking a thousand feet out of the sea and thin in cross-section.
Look at it! It's gigantic!
Hard to land on because it's not horizontal, and the Tasman Sea swarms with sharks where it is.
Part of the sunken continent of Zealandia, which is administered by Australia, though, not New Zealand.
Now the Ball's Pyramid stick insect, or tree lobster,
as the natives used to call it, originally lived on Lord Howe Island nearby.
Wow!
Lord Howe?
Lord Howe. H-O-W-E.
But a British freighter with an unlikely name like the Macumbo or something, I don't have my notes here,
crashed, was foundered on that island, and black Norway rats escaped and ate the delicious giant tree lobster insects.
No!
They were thought to be entirely extinct until, in the early 2000s, scientists poking around found a last colony of these huge but harmless insects living under a small bush projecting from the horizontal Lord Howe Island.
Please Google, I mean not Lord Howe, Ball's Pyramid.
Google Ball's Pyramid and look at it.
One of the most amazing sights on Earth.
They also have Google Map overhead pictures of it.
They have pictures of it showing that it's as thin as a knife blade.
So coming out of the ocean, near the horizon there's this incredible vertical spire.
Wow!
The last home of these insect creatures.
But scientists were very busy gathering, running around, grabbing the last survivors.
And apparently in this species the males try to protect the females by throwing their legs over them and so on.
But of course you can't protect yourself against the scientist who is determined.
Oh no, no.
So although the early ones that were captured all died, as I said they've now got a really successful breeding program going at the Melbourne Zoo.
And I had heard they planned to reintroduce them on Lord Howe Island.
And I heard they did.
And I heard that they successfully exterminated the black rats on Lord Howe Island.
Yeah.
But who's...
And that they got the people to pay for it through a tax program.
Who's thinking of the black rats?
Now there are no more black rats left.
Well, black rats are not native.
You bring a foreign species and your indigenous species dies.
It's the most destructive thing you can do.
So humans haven't killed everything.
These giant insects they have brought back.
And the great news is, praise Bob, there are still lost continents and sunken islands full of monsters and prehistoric creatures.
Yes.
And Skull Island might rise again.
I mean...
They're hard to get to and they're uncomfortable to be on.
It was only 1939 that Skull Island went under, right?
Or was it 41?
Some say 34.
Huh?
Some say 34.
It depends on whose chronology.
If it's the later chronology, it's 41.
Well, I...
There was...
It was sinking in 34.
And they did that movie about it.
Yes.
It actually sunk.
But that didn't happen in real life until...
I see.
I think 41.
Okay.
So you do use the later chronology.
It was already...
It's seismically unstable.
There were Nazis and American scientists both trying to get to Skull Island at the last minute before it sank.
There's a whole other movie in that.
About the Nazis, I didn't hear about that part of it.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
It was Nazis and...
That was covered in Star Spangled War stories also.
Yes.
You had your Nazis and your American army guys fighting on islands inhabited by dinosaurs.
They were Japanese in those stories.
That was based on what almost really did happen at Skull Island.
Skull Island isn't in the Pacific.
That's one problem with your rationalization there.
What?
Skull Island is west of the archipelago of Pulap Nyas.
It, like Madagascar, is a large floating body.

It's a floating body in the Indian Ocean.
You can actually see the longitude and latitude on Captain Englehorn's map in the close-up shot.
I have Skull Island marked on Google Earth.
Yes.
I was distinguishing between the Pacific and the Indian Ocean.
Okay.
Sorry about that.
Dr. Hal, oh, God, I'm sorry.
The islands in the South Pacific, I'm sorry to be so boring and tedious, are geologically too young to have dinosaurs of any kind.
They are 50 million years old at the oldest.
I couldn't work with headphones on.
On the other hand, Madagascar and Skull Island are of incredible antiquity.
Damn.
And may even be a part of the original world of the Atlanteans because they really do go back.
So there you go.
There are ruins on Skull Island.
Now, in that movie that you believe is a fictitious version of the movie,
which is not as real events and not as documentary,
you may remember they go into the cave and they see that enormous idol.
It's huge, gigantic, fearsome.
And the genitals of that idol, the upward-pointing penis between the two testicles,
have a giant diamond attached, which they remove and take away.
Immediately, the island starts to sink.
That's what worried me about that ancient ring that Baby Bear found in the pond.
And removed from the pond.
Well, we can't go back in time.
We can't ask Baby Bear to return her treasure.
That would not be fair or appropriate or subgenius.
So we're simply going to have to roll with whatever forces have been unleashed, say I.
Well, the cool thing is there's still forces that can be unleashed.
And there's still some weird places like...
And new discoveries.
Like those hobbit people, homo floresiensis.
Yes.
The miniature cavemen and ladies.
Yes, and they were miniature for the reason that...
Hobbit tricks.
Miniature creatures always arise in nature.
Limited habitat.
When there's infinite food and infinite room to roam,
you get huge animals, as when dinosaurs roamed the earth.
But when you're on a small island,
because of competition for scarce resources,
they get smaller and smaller.
And so you have the dwarf mammoths and so-called hobbits.
Right. They had little tiny, little itty-bitty homo erectus.
Yes.
And little bitty elephants.
But giant lizards, like the Komodo dragon.
Well, lizards don't have to obey those rules.
Right. So you actually...
There was a time when there were cavemen fighting, not dinosaurs exactly, but...
Enormous lizards.
Might as well be.
They were dragons, to tell the truth.
They have that name.
They...
Megalania is the genus name.
And they're venomous. Right.
Megalania prisca, in fact, is the species name.
Now, this was a monitor lizard.
And the history of life shows that monitor lizards,
when it's advantageous, can grow an enormous size.
The prehistoric mosasaurs were huge animals.
Huge monitors, which had originally been water monitors,
had gone back to an entirely aquatic lifestyle.
It had a tail like a whale and flippers and swam,
but still had the forked tongue, which monitors the ancestors of snakes.
We start talking about lizards, and look who shows up.
The lizard expert.
Who slithers up the Susie?
Yes, it's Reverend Susie the floozy.
You true her.
We do revere.
Well, I was trying to explain...
Oh, this is the lizard skin, the cold, wet lizard skin.
That Susie is handing out.
This is the weirdest material.
Today, a small version of Megalania called the Komodo dragon exists.
It's squid.
Squid skin.
Varanus komodensis, I think.
Komodoensis.
I was calling it ludros skin.
But, yeah, they're creatures that...
This is made from the mane of the royal ludros,
which is a giant amphibian.
It can leave the water because it holds water in its mane.
The mane retains water, and this stuff is made from the rare...
When you say mane, are you talking about some sort of exterior lungs?
Yeah, it looks like a lion's mane,
but it functions almost like an exterior lung on this giant amphibian.
It's more like the frill on a chlamydosaurus king.
I'm glad you...
Oh, it's gelatinous embrace.
It is a frill, you're correct.
Cover up that heaving ocean.
Hey, that's my booze mams.
Now, I need to know which side is front.
The cleavage is like that north thing on those little bobbly compasses that old farts used to have.
Look at those things move.
I wish the radio audience could see what I'm seeing now.
Susie's got those things moving.
I wish the radio audience could see what I'm seeing now.
Susie's got those things hefted up in this buttressed up...
What do you call it?
Furbished and burnished up.
It's my tsunami.
Yeah, man, it's like a heaving ocean at high tide.
Ooh, yeah.
Said a nearly nearsighted...
Watch her jiggle like a bowl full of jelly.
I put the ho in hokusai.
Said a nearly nearsighted detective in a stream of unwanted invective,
has your east tit the least bit the best of your west tit, or is it a trick of perspective?
Ooh, by whose directive?
Well, I didn't like...
That house sure has a pretty mouth, don't it?
He can talk, he can just talk up a copper girl.
He sure does.
I bet he could recite things out of every orifice of his body.
He could recite the clothes off of you, I bet you.
Well, that don't take no trouble.
Yes, it doesn't take a lengthy recitation.
I'll have to read you my gorilla poem later.
I wrote a poem.
Stang wrote a gorilla poem.
Everyone has been inspired.
I was inspired through the year up to now.
I know, I know you weren't.
Philo will like it, though.
Uh-huh.
He's still got a little bit of the nasty little boy in him.
That's all that's in him.
Well, that's why he's the overman.
He gets to go to the same parties Bob goes.
Yes, the child is father to the man.
I told her we could get that out of the long court, screw.
Now you're getting me all turned on, Susie.
I'm not going to be able to work.
Anyway, remember to look this stuff up and find out that it's all perfectly real.
The giant phasmids, Ball's Pyramid Island, the giant dragon or lizard, Megalania prisca,
and how it preyed on primitive man.
Aw, they're so religious the way they prey.
Yes.
So there were cavemen fighting dinosaurs.
I bet they used spears, too.
Well, no, not exactly.
Like in Earth, they were.
In the earlier movies, they're fighting giant lizards, you see.
Like in the 1941 one million B.C. rather than the 1966 one million years B.C.
Why don't you ever take it to the proper extreme and you fight the monster and then you team up with the monster?
That's the way the Japanese monsters have figured it out over the years.
Right.
You eventually turn the monster into a good guy.
You fight and then you team up.
Well, I need two hands.
I'm trying to...
Well, if you don't team up, the monsters team up.
She's okay.
I got her volume up higher so she can do that.
What?
You got the...
Oh, I see.
I'll try to talk using my cleavage just like an ear horn.
Right.
Just like an amplifier.
I can do that for you if you have...
A tramplifier.
There you go.
I wonder if I get an echo effect if I yodel into your cleavage.
Insert a yodel.


I'm trying to...
I'm trying to...
Insert a yodel.
I can't tell with the headphones on.
He's the only one that's got them, folks.
Susie, you know that little...
That thing?
Shih Tzu dog that...
I cleaned him that up.
This is what's left of it.
This is what's left of the dog that those people brought to the campground.
Put those disgusting remains away.
Oh, wow.
We've all heard this dog story.
I knew she'd kind of like it.
Okay.
She collects dead things.
But not in such a state of...
Why does it look more like turtle?
Unless it's a turtle.
I don't know.




I wonder if Shih Tzus are actually like hairy turtles.
Well, under that hair, no one would know.
No, because turtles aren't annoying.
Yeah.
Turtles don't nip like that.
Well, maybe they're like some annoying offshoot that have been like totally purged by the turtles.
Hmm.
No, I know you didn't do that to that dog, Susie, but we were kidding around that if anybody...
What didn't I do to that dog?
Could you be a little more specific, please?
If anybody was going to...
Caused its cells to explode and its bones...
Turn an annoying dog inside out...
...articulated in fragment...
Yeah.
...it would be you.
Nah, nah.
A lot of people don't like little snapping, yapping dogs.
She doesn't like children either, friend, so better watch your kids.
Well, children are mammals.
Mammals suck.
Yipping, snipping rugrats.
By definition, mammals suck.
Well, yeah, that's true.
Yeah.
Wha?
Duh.
Yeah, it's all clear now, isn't it?
They're nippled animals...
Yeah.
...and they suck.
They're teetering.
Mammiferous, hence the name mammals.
Mm-hmm.
Well, some marsupials are bad that way, aren't they?
Well, they...
You know, they don't have it as nice as...





...mammals do.
They have to lick milk off little hairy projections and so on.
It's not...
Wow, and I thought my job sucked.
...not as nice as the mammal way.
Well, I guess it's time for my daily utterance of the line, it's tough being a large mammal.
What?
That's part of my daily complaint.
It's true.
We are large mammals.
It's not usually...
I'm not just always complaining on my own part.
I know a lot of large mammals that are...
As they get older, they get sick and...
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
...it's just...
It's not fun to watch, and yet I'm surrounded by aging large mammals.
If you draw...
Even the little tiny ones are aging.
Mm-hmm.
If you write, rather, the name of every creature that's bigger than a human down, it fits on
one piece of paper.
But every creature that's smaller than a human fills volume after volume because, except
for a few exceptions, we are among the hugest creatures that exist.
Yep.
Size only matters if you're doomed.
I think humans made damn sure that they didn't have a whole lot of competition left.
Before people got there, both Australia and North and the Americas were loaded with dinosaur-sized
giant mammals and even...
And giant birds.
...giant kangaroos, giant birds, all kinds of stuff.
Swaps.
Yes, there were 10-foot tall carnivorous kangaroos.
Now you know about those.
If one cave boy can impress a chick by burning down an entire farm...
...and a forest full of animals so he can get that one bone and buy her from her dad,
that's what's going to happen to that forest.
And the happy hunting grounds went on forever and ever, they thought.
But look now.
Lastly came the age of mammals, dogs and monkeys, sheep and camels, and the mammoth
and the brontotherium.
Finally, in the waning flicker of the Cenozoic, bigger things gave way to man who had been
born to bury him.
Like a puny hairless monkey, still this enterprising, spunky little feller made the critters recognize
his mystery.
He enslaved them and he slew them, for meat, milk and fur he grew them and he wiped the
ones he couldn't use from history.
Oh, you are so...
He can sure whip it out, can't he?
Well, it's going to be time to write the...
the last chapters.
That's right.
In about two days.
We're going to begin with the literary climax.
Have you ever climbed an axe?
I've climbed away from an axe.
That makes sense.
Climb... I didn't get that.
Oh, no, I'm not supposed to.
Well, there's another subjevious driving in, judging by the bob sticker on the back.
Nor do I slide down the razor blade of life to make sure I'm not going to die.


I think that was a...
I don't think that was a...
The universal sign for, hey, pull me over.
I think I saw a bootleg bob sticker just go by.
A bootleg, I tell you.
Anything is possible.
Somebody made their own.
Was he sticking out of a boot or something?
They didn't call me up and ask for permission to enlarge that dob's head to that size.
Let's solve that problem about the monster tracks right now while we've got Susie here.
Oh, yeah.
You haven't been leaving those three-toed monster footprints around, have you?
No, no, actually not.
Well, guess what?
There are some footprints now.
They look a lot like the dinosaur track fake that you were doing last year.
Yeah, actually, I did not pack those this year.
Wow.
That answers that.
I figured, well, this year there will be no three-toed dinosaur tracks because I'm just going to lay down on my job.
Well, I've got news for you.
There's three-toed something tracks.
There's some right behind the building here.

If they were moisture, it's just not that damp.
If it rains, we might see more of those tracks than we like.
I thought they were like chick tracks.
Well, they are three-toed.
They are three-toed.
They are bird-like.
Chick tracks attract chicks.
Chicks dig chicks.
Yes.
What is it?
Hot for chicks?
They do.
Somebody waved a chick track at me and I was right over there.
So that's true.
That's another thing I meant to bring that I forgot.
I picked up.
You could define me as a chick.
I'm more like, I don't know, stew hen.
Oh, mother hen.
Oh, bah, bah.
You almost made me say.
No, come on.
Stang is going to end up with egg on his face if he continues.
No, I'm going to endeavor that this is the one time you don't have to censor me.
Oh.
Well, all right.
Well, you know, last week or a couple of weeks ago, I played.
I played all of the stuff that had to be censored from real radio.
I put out a special internet only hour of slack that was all recorded last year here.
It was a lot of Pisces sexy songs about the tool of the Yeti.
And oh, it's Andrew did that lovely Beatles number.
All you need is fuck.
I see.
There's one for me to cut.
Oh, and I'm trying to be a good example.
I'm trying to be a good example.
I'm trying to be a good example.

Sorry about that.
Well, all Stang will take is editing shears.
My edit fingers are still working.
I can still drop those beeps in.
Now you're going to be saying shuck and fit.
Or I'll put some silly cuss word there.
Too muck and fudge too.
You know, even that's not cool because even though it doesn't have any dirty words in it,
it's still offensive to community standards because they know what too muck and fudge means.
To that one person who complains.
When I leave my house, I'm offensive to community standards.
Right.
Go figure.
But they can't stop me from leaving my house.
Well, on radio they have to hear it.
Because if I don't, that means somebody's going to have to do a wellness check and one
time it's not going to be nice.
Well, maybe all the time it's not going to be nice.
They do a thorough one, I understand.
Do you think you could get one of those gigs where the government pays you to stay home
and not go to work and take your pills?
And not grow alfalfa?
Not leave the house.
Right.
Yeah.
And not grow soybeans.
And people who have that job.

I promise not to grow them too.
Yeah.
Boy, will I grow the hell out of them.
Really?
I wouldn't even, I don't even give crap one about them.
I'd have a crop going.
But the whole payment you get is for not growing them, you see.
Well, yeah.
That's where the thrill in growing them.
Ah, I see.
The contrarian streak.
Yeah.
I'd suddenly be a farmer with a boner.
There you are.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'd be getting a man.
And of course there would be that strange looking ragged scarecrow standing out in the
field.
In old stripper clothes.
A former inamorata.
Are you guys talking about Pisces?
No, I was, uh.
She was posing out there like she thought you were talking about her.
No, I was not.
She'd make a pretty scary scarecrow.
That's why I was not mentioning Pisces in such a context.
No.
She'd kick your ass.
Yes, so why are you trying to create, uh, put words in my mouth?
I wouldn't want to tangle with her.
Actually, I would like to be a scarecrow in a way.
Be out there in the sun and the wind with the...
No, my perfect plan is when I croak, I want to go to the body farm in Knoxville, Tennessee
and be used for forensic research.
But I want to be dressed up in my preaching bustier with the tassels on it and whatever
left of me painted with some garish crap on my face.
It looks kind of like the garish crap I wear in life.
And just put me under a tree, under a wash of leaves and use me to scare the hell out
of the noobs.
Shrouded in a living leaf.
And that would be, oh my God, that would be bliss to me.
That's my place.
Can you put that into writing and we can make it happen?
But you know...
Whoa.
If, you know, uh, and you have to sign over your power of attorney to me.
Yuck fair.
Yeah.
For, and all of your stuff.
Oh yeah.
All your stuff in your house.
Your slack altered house.
Okay.
150 linear feet of record albums.
God.
Two cantankerous lizards.
Forget the record albums.
Oh no, no, that's part and parcel.
And then there are my archives over a thousand shows.
Uh, plus a lot of that's on cassette.
I know how much room that takes up.
That gets pretty bulky.
I have to be buried in a special pyramid containing all those recordings.
All three of us probably have closet space.
I know.









And my weird underwear.
And my weird underwear.
That's horrifying.
You imagine the lingerie I have.
Oh my God.
I imagine it.
The lingerie that lingers longer in the mind.
I sniffed it from you when I wore that one time.
It's like Satan's soup starter.
Satan's soup starter?
Mm-hmm.
Is it like particularly spicy?
With rhinestones, yeah.
Oh.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, that's good.
It's pretty easy to find her underwear collection.
You just sniff your way to it.
So you sniff your way to it, eh?
It's like a little bit of a...




It's like inviting tendrils of green waving through the air.
They hook into your nostrils and pull you like a windsock over to where they are, where
you can do your dirty pervert business.
Yes.
You hear the...
Yeah, I've scampered around in your underwear many times when you went shopping or something.
TMI.
Don't think I haven't noticed the staying tracks in my undies.
The staying of a...
They're about the same as yours probably.
I use two sides of the crotch.
This is starting to remind me of my Gorilla poem.
Well, maybe this would be the time to introduce it.
I'll tell it to Susie.
Go ahead and rip it out.
I met a gorilla named Hummus McGrew.
The stuff in her pussy tasted like glue.
After I finished my business, what did I do?
Put her back in my car, took her back to the zoo.
Something like that.
Well, at least it had a happy ending.
Yeah.
Yeah, it was responsible care for primates.
Took her back to the zoo.
I know something.
I know something unbelievably filthy that just won't pop into my mind.
Let's have it.
You've ruined me.
God.
Get squid slapped.
Well, thanks for the squid slap, honey.
Well, would you care to share it with our listening audience?
I wish I could.
I left it on somebody's answering machine once.
It happened when his retired dad was over fixing his garbage disposal.
What the hell was it?
Another terrible tale.
It was some sort of necrophiliac or a thing, you know.
A garbage disposal accident.
Something I'll have to cut if you ever remember to say it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, I'll come up and blurt it sometime in the most inopportune moment.
That's fine.
Oh, Susie, are you going to be at the baptism?
That's tomorrow at 2 o'clock.
Oh, we won't have to do this stupid show until after the baptism.
Oh.
If we make it.
It all starts with the pancake-a-thon at 12 noon.
Because that is at Old Sequaw's Lair.
Bob-dism at 2 and...
Did you say Bob-jism at 2?
No, but you did.
Oh, okay.
Tomorrow, everything's different.
You can censor yourself this day.
We eat and there will be scrapple as well as pancakery.
Then the Bob-jism at Old Sequaw's Lair.
Two Dixie.
Then we basically come back here and do the bull-dot-off.






Yes, after everyone is exhausted from the ordeal of the Bob-dism.
Wonderful psychological ploy.
Yes, it is a traumatizing experience.
Even if you're just a frog watcher.
Reborn unto Bob.
Some of the frogs are hard on the eyes.
I used to catch them after staying Bob-dism.
I don't take my clothes off, so don't worry.
Hal, I just hold the microphone.
Hal and I both wear our priestly vestments.
Until it's over.
Well, I'll be there if only to watch my boobs float.
That's why I come here every year.
That's why everybody comes here, Susie.
I think we can all agree the main reason we're here,
because we're going to get ruptured even if we're at home.
But you can't watch Susie's boobs float at home.
It's like a testament of our faith.
A chest-timent to our faith.
Bob-bob-bobbing.
It's quite tit-notted.
Yeah.
You are getting sleepy.
I'll be able to do that soon.
I'm working on my man-tits.
I want to teach you the tassel-stang.
Yeah, right.
Oh, man.
I know that.
Oh, man.
Oh, we could be like the Burns and Allen of tassel-tossers.
Right.
Well, I could...
You'll be the burnt one.
How about if I stuck a tassel down there and flipped?
Yeah.
Say goodnight, Gracie.
Do you have enough?
Already trying to top me.
Top the topper.
Well, it depends on where we put the tassels.
Uh-huh.
In one case, they'd only need one.
You could have a long tassel on your wing,
because Tura Satana taught me about the tassel physics.
Anything over six inches is going to tangle.
But that's because you have the other tassel involved in the equation.
Right.
So I could have one really long.
I had a physicist work it out on a placemat once for me.
I guess if I put it on the longest pecker,
it wouldn't get tangled up with the other peckers.
Well, you'd have to take the other peckers and kind of tie them up together.
The other peckers would all have to have little bitty tassels on them.
And pull the line down around your butt crack and tie it around your neck so they wouldn't like...
Right, so they could make it bob.
So they wouldn't fling out and...
Yeah, like somebody sticking a stick in the spokes of a bicycle, you know.
What about battery power?
Oh.
A powerful nine volt battery.
Americans are so lazy.
Okay.
Solar powered?
I'm a Luddite when it comes to tassels.
I've never used electricity to power my tassels and I'm quite proud of that.
Well, that's a little bit more.
You've saved the grid.
Dovetail joints.
Susie really was taught how to shake tassels on her boobs by Tura Satana,
the actress that was in Faster Pussycat Kill Kill.
She was a premier tassel tosser.
How many people here have heard of Tura Satana?
Well, there.
This is an educated crowd.
They all have in subgenius land.
They're Korean.
You know, you ask that in a normal crowd, huh, what?
Is it on Dancing with the Stars?
I had to take her out to get a bra one time.
Now, ask the subgeniuses who's president of the United States.
Does anybody here know who the president is?
They're kind of maybe one guy.
He's a guy that everybody's blaming.
Obama, actually, has been recently...
We discovered the real character behind Obama.
Obama is Obabo, the Pres-a-serp.
But, you know, I...
And he looks really funny.
He's cool looking.
Mr. Sister has a picture of him, I'm sure.
Funny-looking, funny-talking foreigners know who our president is,
but we don't know who their presidents are.
Speaking of Mr. Sister, he should be bringing the socialist social materials down here pretty soon.
That's happening now?
He's going to feed us all Bloody Marys.
How are we ever in Popsicles?
That's...
Susie, would you hand me that schedule there?
No, no, not the...
Not the squid?
Yes, the schedule.
Everybody needs an ice-cold squid.
It was refreshing, yes.
I just wanted to make sure.
This is Thursday, eh?
It's cold, and it's not that hot today.
Because there's nothing about a socialist social here.
No, that was something he came up with, just...
He wasn't sure when he was going to do it.
But he makes really strong drinks, y'all.
I don't know.
So be careful.
He said it was going to be...
He didn't tell the schedule, Mr. Sister.
...liberal thing, he said.
He didn't tell the schedule, Mr. Sister, about that one.
Oh, he just invented the idea of...
Will there be liberal portions?
Well, maybe, if he's a...
No, he can't do liberal portions.
That's why I thought...
These liberal portions...
Isn't it like one of those progressive dinners?
He was going to make everybody a sandwich, too.
Oh, how nice.
Wow.
We know that has a special significance in our closed society.
I've never been as...
Well, I can't say that, I guess.
Yes, just as the Bower bird brings gifts to his lady love, the subgenius presents her
with a sandwich, traditionally.
And if he doesn't, she gives him a black eye.
So that's what got him in trouble.
He posted this sexist picture with the girl with the black eye.
I should have brought my sandwich sooner.
I should have brought my sandwich sooner, or something like that.
And all of a sudden, the church was against women.
Or at least that's what they said on the girls-only Facebook page.
I'm against women.
That was the most outrageous thing.
I break into the secret no boys allowed Facebook page,
and they're talking about how the church is prejudiced against women.
And I'm looking at this on a no-boys-allowed church page.
age. But, as Bob said, where would the church be without its hypocrisy? It was built on
a sandy, shifting beach of hypocrisy. But there's no girls, there's no boys only page.
I would like to point out, I had nothing to do with that. The church was boys only for
a total of 15 minutes when it was first born. I am not, I am not, I'm trash. But I am not
Facebook trash. Obviously. If you take one look at it, you can tell this is not Facebook
trash. Thank you. This is Google Groups trash. You're not on Facebook, really? No, she's
on Facebook about like me. I'm face blind. Why the hell would I be on Facebook? It's
like somebody who can't tell butts apart being on butt book. Why would they bother? Well,
there'd be language.
There'd be language to help you. You know, figure A, figure B, like that.
Susie is a much bigger male chauvinist pig than any of the guys I know. Oh, God. She
could teach all of us a lesson. It's kind of like an art project. You guys are so frilly
when it comes to women, I swear. Well, as a matter of fact. Sadly true. One of the ladies
on staff said. Did you see all the art in the brochures? I was telling her that I would
like someday to trick.
The subgeniuses into leaving the road and going into the woods, maybe only a few feet
into the woods. And she goes, yeah, good luck with that. Going. I've hardly ever met a boy
that didn't try to put the make on me. And none of these guys have. They're all playing
card games and watching television at a camp out. That's the subgeniuses for it. There's
a beautiful girl standing in front of him going, okay, I'm ready to go. And they're
like going, oh, you play magic.

Patrick the Gathering 2.
God, the shame.
The shame.
The whole reason we do this at this campground
is so it won't be like a comic book convention.
You know, we make it really difficult, don't we?
Hard to get to, out in the middle of nowhere.
Usually we schedule really terrible weather.
Kind of let us down this time.
So, you know, it's like this.
My daughter, I used to try to get my daughter
to go out on little hikes with me.
She finally said, Dad, you don't understand.
I'm not just a city girl.
I'm a TV girl.
It was her way of saying
she basically would rather be in the Matrix.
And that was before Facebook
and really before comedy.
And then she would say, Dad, I'm not even a TV girl anymore.
I'm a Facebook thing.
I thought Facebook was not cool
among the rising generation.
It was all about parents checking on you and so on.
They just are into the instant download.
Isn't that right?
Yes, that's right. Nobody buys CDs.
That's the bottom line.
Nobody buys CDs.
Rudy Schwartz project guy, Joe Newman,
sends me his, whenever he does a new album,
he sends it and says,
oh yeah, Fight C. Taj bought a CD,
but that was only to check whether our PayPal
new credit card thing is working.
That's a subgenius, you see.
That's not what the run-of-the-mill person does.
The so-called average man
would not now buy a CD.
They get it.
I want to store everything on the cloud
because I trust the cloud.
The cloud will take good care of all my precious documents.
And surely it will keep everything private,
but I want to be private.
I fart clouds, but I wouldn't put my show on one.
Praise Susie.
That's a line for the A.
In those super chilled clouds,
sometimes giant eyeball monsters lurk
that can decapitate alpine climbers.
That sounds like one of my farts.
I'd love to get up.
Yeah, that's fine.
I'd love to get up.
Sit down and do your thing.
Super cold.
Great.
Okay, well,
in case you may not have noticed,
we are in Caffeina's Cafe.
And tonight, for dinner,
they are featuring redneck salsa pork chops
with fresh herb rice.
Holy guacamole.
And for vegetarians,
artichoke cheese frittata.
Both of those come with a house salad
without a sauce.
Awesome sauce dressing or ranch dressing.
Just so you know,
those things are featured here for dinner,
and you're more than welcome to come
and have your dinner here.
They'd really like to...
They made that food,
and everything that is made here
is made from scratch right here.
It's all homemade.
I'm learning to scratch.
Oh, well, you ought to try it.
They're not up to scratch.
Their scratch here is a lot better
and a lot different than some you may have tried before.


Is it organic scratch?
Yes, pure, 100% organic.
Isn't that GMO scratch?
Heck no.
Nope, this is the real thing.
I think they're calling it scritch.
And they'll give it to you on a plate
with a cutlery and a napkin.
You can sit down and eat here at the table.
Absolutely.
They really, really take good care of you here.
Not balancing your shifting paper plate
on a knee al fresco, but...
Frittata always sounds like some technique
of nut tickling.
Careful, Frittata's...
That's our Susie.
Frittata's, I believe they call it.
Hey, pecans need thrills, too.
And they do have wonderful coffee here
and five flavors of brownies.
Yes, look at the sugar rush on display.
Yes, absolutely.
Genetically, over there.
It's incredible.
And ice cream sandwiches.
If it was really hot, you might like one of those.
And drumsticks.
Are you kidding?
Klondike bars.
Klondike bars.
Oh, yeah.
Lots of good stuff.
Well...
What would you do for a Klondike bar?
You'd go up there and...
Want to know what I did for a Bulldike bar?
Which bar was that, Susie?
I forget.
Not the Lexington?
Something by the Stockyards.
Yeah.
Well, you must have been the Bell 11.
It wasn't even a beef town.
But a smoky place.
Mm-hmm.
Well, look, my collection of crazy instrumentals ended,
and I didn't even...
I didn't even notice.
Oh.
Well, then I...
This is my music...
What counts as crazy is...
What's crazy about it?
Stuff you'd play at your wedding or something.
Wait, that's assuming you had a normal wedding.
Good, the bad, and the ugly.
That's always good.
Caravan.
To play monsters!
Oh, yeah.
That's my monster-fighting music.
The Ecstasy of Gold, yeah.
Mona Lisa.
Morricone, eh?
That's from The Matrix.
Those are mostly movie soundtracks.
They're good.
They're fine.
Soundtracks are great.
Why don't you start them up?
Put more music in.
That's what I mostly listen to, if I listen to anything.
There's more passion in them.
And then there are the things that are not quite soundtracks.
Like, I have an album that has...
Unsound tracks.
...disco versions of the Omega Man soundtrack.
Well, that's what caused the extermination of humanity in the first place.
Yeah, by Jeff Love.
G-E-O-F-F.
Love and his orchestra.
Charlton Heston in the Omega Man with Rosalind Cash and...
I've got a CD of Catty Noir from Monster High doing it.
That's awesome.
That's awesome.



...a version of Magic Carpet Ride.
Paul Kelso.
He was Dutch.
Yes, but Matthias.
Who was he?
Oh, Anthony Zerbe.
Anthony Zerbe.
Yes, yes.
There was one time I was running an errand.
I was going to the Kroger.
I passed a pizza place, and there were some EMTs going in for lunch.
EMTs?
You know, ambulance students.
And right about nose level...
Slow ambulance to China.
...a name tag went past my eyeline, and it said Zerbe.
Zerbe.
Zerbe.










I took a few steps, and I stopped and turned, and I said,
Excuse me.
Zerbe is a fine name.
Anthony Zerbe was a fine actor.
And the guy said, Why, thank you.
He was my uncle.
He was my uncle?
And went in to get a pizza.
I thought there was a nice completeness there.
He didn't say what killed his uncle.
No, no.
Not overindulgence in pizza.
It was perfect.
Nice zipless little encounter.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Sometimes you...
Even when you're...
Trying not to meet the famous person, you have to,
because they're right in front of you.
And in order to get around them, you have to say hello.
Even if it's some famous person you despise.
God, I was hot in the tubes for Matthias.
Oh, God, I was hot in the tubes for the scabby-faced, pasty mutants.
Oh, man.
You were wearing a tube top, did you say?
Well, you must love the Church of the Subgenius.
Yeah.
If you like pasty-faced...
No kidding.
That's why I came here.
Mutants.
Mutants.










I wanted the hot mutants, baby.
Well, the mutant mountain boys are supposed to be part of this here convocation gathering.
Saturday night.
Saturday night.
That's right.
All night.
Well, that'll be on the saucers.
Oh, by the way, Reverend Mountain Boy changed her name to Reverend Andrew Genus.
Doesn't really fit.
Not her.
It fits her.
The statuesque one.






That's Reverend Ba-bomp-ba-bomp-ba-bomp to me.
Yeah.
I thought these days they said...
I can't do the scintillating bells that go along with the bumping.
A few of those are imaginary.
She's not really very androgynous, and yet here she's Andrew Genus.
Well, that indicates her wishes, so we will respect them, of course.
That's what the cool kids are into these days.
There are no cool kids left.
Yeah, there are.
There's like a special...
They're not asshats.
There's another secret subgenius Facebook page.
Besides, there's the girls-only one where they talk about how prejudiced the boys are.
And then there's the post-selfies-of-your-privates one.
The tits-and-balls page, which I was really excited to hear about.
And they told me that I was allowed to look at them.
But then I found out, no.
If I know who these people are, I don't want to see them.
I'm naked.
I'm too old.
I did post some pictures of myself.
Elected officials only.
I posted pictures of myself from 1998 when you and those other redheads stripped me down and threw me in the pond.
You couldn't see your works for the leeches.
That's what's so sad about it.
The leeches cover up everything I had to show.
They weren't very big leeches.
The giant leeches.
Oh, well, tiny leeches.
If only I'd stopped them.
One more.
One foot back.
Navy versus the night monster.
Then they'd have to imagine how long my peckers were.
As it was, I had the leeches.
That water was cold.
You could see it in the picture.
That water was cold.
Oh, well.
It was like the witch's feet under the house in The Wizard of Oz.
See, that's over with now.
I don't have to worry about having to do that ever again.
The witch's feet under the blanket suddenly pressing against you while you're lying there.
No, I didn't know about that.
You never know.
Right.
You're right.
You're right.





Those prison cell moments where you're going to have to get stripped.
No, we need more redheads.
You're the only redhead.
You can't wrestle me in there by yourself.
Got any redhead wigs to distribute?
Doc Ellis taught me some moves.
I can take you.
I believe it.
You heard it right here, folks.
More premonitory prefiguring here for the chaos, the hell that's going to break loose.
We guarantee it here at X Day 17.
Something has broken loose, that's for sure.
Yes, something is at large in some genius world.
Something is loose in the woods.
It walks by night.
It walks in the shadows.
I wonder if it leaves droppings.
Fumits, we call them.
Fumits, yes.
Yes.
Scat.
I heard there was some early conversation about coprolites and dinosaur dung.
Oh, that was up at the cabin.
They were yakking about that.
Oh, Dr. Dark was talking about how oil is made.
I ended up having to yell out,
oil is not made of dinosaurs and chimpanzees are not monkeys.
Well, he didn't say oil.
He said coal, but he's still wrong because coal is made from the ancient coal forests of the Carboniferous Age,
as scintillatingly smart Susie knows.
That was an accident.
Well, Carboniferous, I mean, how hard is it to figure that out?
Yeah.
But people think dinosaurs are in gas because of lengthy promotions by the Sinclair Oil Company
and particularly a Chevron commercial of the 1980s.
So you just, people just won't listen.
That's something they believe in.
And they all ran off the cliff like lemmings and turned into gasoline.
Well, they were on a different ark and Noah's Ark had a huge recoilless cannon mounted in the foreworks, you know.
Sank the dinosaur ark.
Below the waterline.
In the fo'c'sle.
It was, I think, yes.
Hey, didn't we drive by some church around here that's doing a Noah's Ark passion play type of thing?
When it rains long enough.
I thought it was Oa's Nark.
I'm curious to see the special effects that a small town, one of these little bitty towns, would put into a Noah's Ark show.
Noah found grace in the eyes of the Lord and lived to be older than 900 years,
which was mythological.
Who's listening?
It's just the art.
Oh, it's just the art.
They've used all the wood in the town to construct the art.
Is it still sex of the sheep if it's a guy in a sheep suit?
I mean, I want my perversion as pure as possible.
But I have a feeling if I go there looking for a hot sheep, it's just going to be some Christian in the sea.
We are poor little sheep who have lost their way.
Well, I don't know.
Which means I'm still going to have a good time.
Or it might be a goat dressed as a sheep.
No, no, that's true.
Or a coyote in sheep's clothing.
That's not fraud.
That's a bonus.
Or a bear dressed as Dr. Legume.
That the man wear the fell of the lamb and the woman the fleece of the sheep.

Yeah, that kind of makes sense, doesn't it?
A bear dressed as Dr. Legume.
Now, that would explain a lot, too.
A bear dressed as Dr. Legume?
As Dr. Legume, yeah.
A bear's wanting to be something more fearsome.
That sounds like a sort of manufactured explanation.
More powerful, more evil.
It doesn't sound parsimonious.
More rapey.
It's too elaborate to sound plausible to my way of thinking, if you'll pardon me for saying so.
No, a solution won't.
That's what you would call rapey or wit.
Yes, but they say it's...
It's more rapey.
Yeah, more rapey wit.
Hard not to indulge in it sometimes, I suppose.
Anyway.
Anyway, it's actually almost another hour has gone by on my little recorder here.
Well, I'm glad.
Yeah.
I'm glad you're back.
I'm glad you're back.
And I would say we've recorded at least 15 minutes worth of usable stuff.
Yeah, we've just been enriching magic here.
Snipping, cutting it down, chopping, resizing, shaping.
Right.
I find the little scissor, what we call scissor space, cut points, and then put something interesting in.
Mm-hmm.
See?
I notice that's what you do on your shows, too.
Why don't you do what I do and just make everybody say what they never said before?
I do that with you.
I manipulate you.
That's a lot of work, Susie.
I used to do that, but my editing fingers wore out.
Look at that.
Look at that witch finger.
That's because of you.
Holy God.
Yeah.
That really, that looks like Princess Wee's frankenfood.
Yeah.
Only it's on a hand.
That really isn't editing.
This is copy-paste, mofo.
This is why her shows are more edited than my shows.
She's willing to let her finger get like that.
Too bad this is the audio.
That is good.
It's a witch finger.
Not video medium.
I could paint another fingernail on this knuckle and look like I've got like a two-headed snake deal going on my index finger.
That's pretty good.
It's all from, started out clicking tapes.
Yeah, you know, your hands aren't particularly veiny or old-looking until you start really checking out those editing knuckles.
Because of you, I'll never be a hand model.
Hmm.
And I can only pick my nose up to here now.
Well, you can pick your friends and you can pick your nose.
I can't get it all the way up.
I can't get it to the sinus.
If I have this itch behind my right eye, I've got to use a toothpick now.
Thanks for nothing.
How about a Q-tip?
They are cute, aren't they?
Yes.
She's pulled a lot of trains for the church.
Ooh, I have locomotives.
Well, I've had enough of this.
If you would like to hear more about X-Day, Church of the Subgenius, Suzy the Fluzy, Ask Dr. Howe.
After all this.
Or anything, or something interesting.
You can look at subgenius.com.
Look until your little eyes melt and run down your cheeks.
And it'll feel so good when you stop.
I lied.
Is Suds waiting to be called on?
I don't understand why you have your hand up.
He's airing his pit.
Oh, you're just waving it up in the cooler upper air.
Yeah.
I get it.
Yes, there's slack and different.
Layers of the atmosphere, as well as in various microclimates all around Wisteria.
Well, I'm going to let a piece of music take us out.
Oh.
It's Amazing Grace, as performed by Glenn Beck.
Oh, I mean Jeff Beck.
That would be amazing.
Yes.
Yes.

Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.




Yes.

Yes.
Yes.

Yes.


Yes.
Yes.


French.
We'll be setting up the socialist social.
Free drinks from the greedy conservative
of the church of the subgenius, Mr. Sister.
He's giving it away.





