Listen to In Our Neighborhood Thursdays here on Trino to be a show up going on in your neighborhood.
Looks demanding change.
Yeah, I know it's a night of change.
Spooky show.
And sick. I've got a fever. I'm delirious.
You'll forgive me.
This background music, by the way, is from our good friends Jay Condom and Gary Panter from their picture disc, One Hell Sound Witch.
And speaking of that generation and comic books and so forth, there's a...
I just wanted to mention, too, Out There. It starts...
Well, it's supposed to start.
Yeah, hold on.
Sorry, we had a slightly different button pushed on here. We'll just do that again.
Let's start from scratch. Let's do it a nice show this time.
It'll be a nice subgenius radio show.
Yeah, there we go.
Something... none of that ugly music anymore. Sorry, Jay.
Yeah, let's just lay back. Let's just...
Oh, sorry. I guess it is going to be ugly after all.
I'm going to tell you a story about a man named Bob.
How I feel for him.
I'm going to tell you a story about a man named Bob.

Hey, look, this radio works all right.
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
The radio audience is listening.
Welcome to Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
The Subgenius Hour of Slack.
That you are about to listen to is specially designed only to be played on radio station.
And only in the city of...
It's not that we need the money. It's just that to destroy the concept of money, totally.
It's going to take money, my friend. It's going to take a lot of money.
There are some interesting details relating to all this. Now listen.

I predict we will travel...
By means of non-gravity, a set of a personal wings.
Moving platforms which float through the air.
We will also take a pill which makes us lighter than air.
Nothing will travel on the ground.
Freeways and streets will vanish and be replaced by small landing fields on the very roof of your very home.
Jump in bed and cover up your hat because Santa Claus comes home tonight.
Here comes Santa.
Santa Claus. Here comes Santa Claus. Here comes Santa Claus. Here comes Santa Claus. Here comes Santa Claus.
Right down Santa Claus Lane.
There he is. We got somebody here. All right.
State chart question please.
How the hell is life going on?
Well, it happens.
We can't answer that but not until 6 AM.
Mankind will endure.
Thank you. Okay. Right on.
Yeah. Okay. Go ahead, Carlos.
Oh, oh, there it is again. All right.
Do I... Why did you get that one in August?
Oh my God. It's all the phones in the world.
The phone.
There's no phone ringing. You got it?
All right. Calm down. You know, what's so terrible about a telephone ring?
There is no home.
But Allah and Muhammad is his prophet.
But I'm telling you...
Thank God. It's almost dark.
No, not God. I tried to make that distinction very clear.
Thank God you know what the phone is!
All right.
When he got it, kids like you didn't mind it?
I tried talking to dad the whole time.


So here's one more thing.

Go through Google looks.
Bob Dobbs might give my life, but when I see your slack-jawed grin, you know it more than makes it up to me.
For even so, I still remain your servant for eternity.
Bob Dobbs was all my joy, and oh Bob Dobbs was my delight.
Bob Dobbs, you wrecked my life, but I still praise Bob Dobbs.
For Bob I will always be your servant, and I will always be your servant.

I'll launch the bleeding head, for Bob I kill, for Bob I steal.
I'll serve Bob Dobbs until I'm dead, or till I find a better deal.
And then when X-Day comes at last, and we escape from these pinks that we hate,
we'll get paid off in...
And then when X-Day comes at last, and we escape from these pinks that we hate,
we'll get paid off in...
Bob Dobbs was all my joy, and Bob Dobbs was my delight.
Bob Dobbs, you wrecked my life, but I still praise Bob Dobbs.
Bob Dobbs.

Bob Dobbs was all my joy, and Bob Dobbs was my delight.
joy
and oh Bob Dobbs
was my delight
Bob Dobbs
he wrecked my life
but I still
praise Bob Dobbs
I'll kill you
someday
Bob Dobbs
but I still
praise
Bob Dobbs
Bob Dobbs
oh Bob
I feel for you
I would do anything for you Bob
I'd sit over backwards
and kiss my own fat butt
for you Bob
I predict that your television set
will come
and cover one side of your wall
and the figures there will be three dimensional
and almost walk out
into the room
in natural color
breathing living
with odors to match
you will enjoy the bracing air of the northwest
the warm enchantment of the south seas
or the swill of the jungle
I predict education
will be given children through the television screen
no personal teachers
but there will be a warden
on duty to see that 100%
interest is sustained
later
yeah there's gonna be one of these in every kid's living room
looks like it's underwater
are we underwater
that's the ripple
oh I see
there we go
there we go
I think we're pumped
bring the picture up out of the bottom of the ocean
it's getting a little sharper
yeah
look at these amazing creatures
budding like plants
they hop frantically about a frenzied landscape
operating at a metabolic level vastly superior
in speed and efficiency
That of all creatures on the planet earth
Qué más rapidez
La personalidad es...
Speechless
Music
Thanks for watching
Subtitles provided by путs
Thanks for your time
Me and Eda message team
I've got some minimal stress
I've got some minimal stress
I've got some minimal stress
I've got some minimal stress
I thought that I could just close myself off from the pink world
and, as Bob tells us, relax in the safety of my own delusions.
But, dear friends, history shows us that sometimes even Bob himself
has had to put down his pipe, wade into that primordial slime,
and kick some monkey boy butt.
Oh, Bob, rewind my life into a world without pinks!
Oh, I'm not talking about the boys and the girls in the pink triangle T-shirts.
You know which pinks I'm ranting on here.
The pink boys with a conspiracy to rip away our slack
like a begrudged teat from a desperate infant.
But them, the Poe Buckers,
the normals.
Hello, friends, and welcome.
Would you believe there are still some people out there
who deny the existence of the conspiracy?
It seems impossible, doesn't it?
Despite all the evidence and common sense that point out the obvious,
there are still those who believe the world is flat
and the conspiracy is a myth.
Allow me, then, to offer yet more empirical evidence
that the conspiracy not only exists,
but exists everywhere and with one goal in mind.
To steal away your slack.
Those in the know know that the conspiracy prioritizes its assaults
against mankind's most enableable human rights.
This makes sense.
They only have until 1998 to completely subvert all humanity,
so they have to go for the jugular.
Now, there are four things that every subgenius enjoys.
Sleep, food, taking a dump, and having sex.
Some people combine the last two activities,
but that's another sermon.
These pleasures are among mankind's most basic instincts,
and without them, he, she, or it cannot truly have slack.
Some may try to add other activities to the list,
but these are the classic pleasures in which everyone enjoys
and nobody can become completely tired of.
Just think about it.
You spend almost a third of your entire life asleep,
yet you never get tired of it.
You do it almost every single night,
yet you still look forward to it.
Now, this is a very important point.
Now, that's entertainment.
Those with insomnia enjoy sleeping even more than others.
It's the not sleeping part that they dread.
The same goes for eating.
Even Karen Carpenter loved eating.
She loved it so much, she wanted to cough it all up
and start all over again, hopefully with a different meal.
And, of course, sex needs no explanation.
Now, up until now, the conspiracy has only attacked
three of those four basic human rights.
They add stress to everyone's lives so they have difficulty sleeping.
Then they go to sleep.
They turn right around and try to sell you sleeping pills
so you can do what you used to do for free,
only now for a small profit.
Next, they market this image that being attractive
can only happen if you're slim.
Now, any student of history knows
that up until movies and television came along,
being skinny was considered gross.
Being pleasantly plump was the ideal
from the 19th century all the way back to the orangutan days.
It was considered healthy, which it is.
It was considered fun, which it is also.
It was considered sexy, which it most definitely is.
But, not according to the conspiracy control media,
no, sir, anything over a mouthful is wasted.
Can you believe it?
Of course you can, because you're probably programmed to.
Now you've got to be skin and bones to be attractive.
Go figure.
They also jack up the prices of food,
the cheapest thing in the world to make.
It's on solar energy and grows in dirt.
But now you've got to pay big bucks for it.
And all for the packaging and commercials.
One tastes bad, the other has no taste,
yet they cost the most.
That's the conspiracy for you.
And, of course, sex.
I think I love you
I think I love you
I think I love you
I think I love you
I feel, I feel, I feel, I feel, I feel for you
I feel, I feel, I feel, I feel for you
I'll have to be the first to admit
I've done a mess of sinning myself.
I had to to get into the position I'm in in this ministry.
But I never feel so filthy dirty
as when life compels me to get involved in the affairs of mere humans.
But this latest conspiracy mortar shell
hit a little too close to home to ignore.
See, my church, the holy disorder of St. Rhonda,
fast living and no consequences,
happens to be located right smack dab
in the center of the hive right now, Cobb County, Georgia.
A sleepy little bedroom community.
Or it was until they started looking into everybody else's bedrooms.
Now it's become American Gothic horror.
Oh, the county commission said,
Oh, why, if you're not a white Fred, God-fearing, cross-burning normal,
well, we don't want you living in our community.
Now, that good old lady,
that old southern trailer park painting place wife-beating,
booze-guzzling, child-abusing lifestyle,
well, that's A-OK with us,
but we think you homos is going just a little too far
with this love business.
No offense now.
Well, dear friends, not being a flower of the South myself,
am I missing something in the translation here?
They got all bent out of shape over something as mundane
as mere human sexuality?
Oh, I guess that's what you get for only using 10% of your brain.
Oh, I guess they haven't heard about the subgenius concept of sex hurt.
What about the polymorphously perverse pansexuality of Connie?
Why, they had any idea about what goes on at a typical initiation ride
into the bovoid mysteries of Connie Dobbs?
Why, they just spontaneously combust right there on the spot.
Oh, we here in the church think that if you want to de-beak your prairie squid,
uh, a consenting prairie squid, of course,
well, we personally think that's a matter between you, the squid,
the Stolson Ranch, and the WD-40.
Here in the Church of the Subgenius, we welcome, nay,
we get down and wallow like hogs!
We're the Stolson or Diversity!
This is the one religion that will take you as you are!
The others want to take you and smush you and fold you and twist you up into a little wad
and try to ram you around to fit in their little template.
Their idea of goodness and worthiness.
Ha! Diversity! That's a lifeblood of this church!
Two subgeniuses are exactly alike. One has to die!
If you're gay, we think your head's in the right place.
Bob says to seize the slack that's rightfully yours by not denying what makes you happy,
by not living their lie, by looking your in the eye like a true yeti.
Ugh!
Whoo! Boy, I've got a hate on here!
You can't stick your neck out without some backbone to push it,
but thanks to Bob and Connie, I've got some extra help.
I know it's still five years until those sweet angels of Bob
come swooping down to take us away.
Oh, five years to go till X-Day.
But until the X's hordes arrive, we've got to keep a death grip on the precious slack we still have left.
These normals here are committing grand theft slack right on my doorstep,
and Reverend Flues ain't standing still for it.
I'm serving notice. You try to steal my slack and I'll rim-slap you inside out, pink boys!
I'll kick and scratch and bite!
I'll fight like a girl to save my slack!
The low blow and the cheap shot are sacraments in my church, Buster!
I like getting three dollar bills in my change!
You ought to pick on someone your own size, and do they make human women that small?
I feel, I feel, think, think, think, think I love ya!
Love you, Bob. Love you, Bob. Love you, Bob.
What's that?
Took a dawn?
What?
Took a dawn?
Hey!
Took a dawn?
Hey!
Took a dawn?
And of course, sex.
You used to have as many wives as you wanted.
They took that away first.
They claim it was immoral, even though it's in the Bible.
Now you can't even have sex without fear of dying from it,
and don't tell me the conspiracy's got nothing to do with AIDS.
But, taking a dump.
That one, that's the one thing they couldn't fool with.
All their marketeers and media mongos combined,
couldn't come up with a way to ruin the most simple pleasure.
Oh sure, they created paid toilets,
and that became a minor inconvenience in public places,
but try as they might, they still couldn't figure out a way to ruin the fun in your own home.
Until now.
A camera eye will follow you from the day of your birth,
until the day of your death,
and if you go to the right place, beyond.
But the cowardly caller shrunk back.
Hello, hello, hello.
Oh, there, there we go.
Much better.
What are you doing?
We're doing show.
What is it called?
Strangers and Wonderful Words?
It has a specific function.
It is a wonderful word.
It's an amalgam of many talents.
A wonderful world of weird, whirling words.
Oh, that's wonderful.
You always come on this time?
Yes, it's a really wonderful world.
Of whirling words, yeah, okay.
Is this something new?
Yeah, this is something new, and you're speaking to Reverend Howe.
It's new, it's snazzy.
And he can tell you what you were in a former life.
Dabby, wacky, fluffy, puffy.
You know, a dinosaur in a plastic bag.
And it's been going on for more than ten years now.
You're in a lonely location.
So, how come we couldn't move up to the other hours?
How would you tune into her and tell her what she was?
Well, we broadcast from a rock-bound island on the icy Atlantic.
Well, how come the other part of the station in the afternoon doesn't carry your thing?
The afternoon is too mellow a time.
That is the question, isn't it? You have to write them and ask them about that.
Yes, have us played in prime time.
Why they don't have us on at a better time than 5.13 a.m.?
But, my friend is only being polite.
Everyone knows that if we were broadcast at prime time, civilization as it is known would come to an end.
That would be a good thing.
Some think otherwise.
Yes.
There are sinister forces who even now, behind the scenes, plot your doom and mine.
Ah, ha, ha. Strange and peculiar.
Now, me, I was going to take a dump the other day and do some reading.
That's where most subgenius do their reading and thinking, for that matter.
We call it extra meditation.
Anyway, I'm sitting there enjoying one of my favorite activities, thinking how great it is that you never get tired of taking a dump.
No matter how many times you've done it in the past, you still enjoy doing it almost every single time.
If only sex were as good.
And maybe sex would be as good, except they've taken all the fun out of the variety it used to offer.
Some people think that they're tired of sex, but what they're really tired of is sex with the same worn-out partner.
Because sex is like eating.
You get tired of it if you had the same thing every single day.
You gotta get out there and taste the world.
History shows the next step is herding the subgeniuses into the wet stadium.
And mowing them down with automatic weapons fire.
We've seen it happen before.
It's apparently all too ironic that Linz, Germany is Marietta, Georgia's sister city.
Linz, Germany. The hometown of Adolf Hitler.
The pinks will kowtow to whichever bond has the word family values printed the biggest across its swastika.
This is turning out like a bad Criswell prediction.
Oh, they didn't go after the subgeniuses first, because they didn't want to.

Because we're just so dang hard for them to pigeonhole.
We don't fit anywhere on their slide rule.
They couldn't nail down the legalese for just plain weird.
For one thing, it feels good to use the same toilet.
Like an old shoe.
No matter how many times you use the same one, you just kind of grow more fond of it.
Even in a public place, you'll find yourself instinctively returning to that same old John every single time.
So, so what could they do?
Well, I discovered to my horror the other day, when, as I completed what up to that point had been a perfect excremeditation experience,
I reached around behind, no pun intended, for the toilet paper, and guess what those bastards had printed on my T.P.?
They had pictures of seashells.
Seashells!
I mean, come on, what's next?
Pictures of razor blades?
Barbed wire?
Food graders?
Wake up and smell the coffee, friends.
Accidents like this do not happen accidentally.
There is a conspiracy, and it is not adverse to punching you below the belt.
Open your eyes.
See it, believe it, and know they are out to ruin your slack.
And nothing is too sacred to them.
Anywhere, anytime.
Expect it, pal.
And don't be caught with your pants down, because they're not.
Because believe me, even paranoids have enemies.
And nobody is safe until July 5, 1998.
Hear the thro' of Bob.
Praise Bob!
Amen.
Crouch in this hellhole, have nowhere to go.
Crouch in this hellhole, have nowhere to go.
I've got some minimal stress.
I've got some minimal stress.
I've got some minimal stress.
I've got some minimal stress.
It's a short step from sex crime to thought crime.
And they'd better lock me up for what I'm thinking now.
Because we can think, we do think.
At least those two of us with higher brain functions.
And we won't just lie back snoozing while those conspiracy bumpers hounds steal our Thanksgiving turkey of slack right off the table under our noses.
They'll not find us easy prey.
We've got this dark Mr. Bob backing us up.
We're not complacent sheep.
sheep it's pronounced bob not we will not be let into the slaughterhouse of our slack by the
opinions of a few jerk water politicians mere human ones at that i see okay if you have these
multi-million dollar projects in the works why are you still doing shows at places as uh hellish
and ageist as the middle east cafe for a hundred bucks a night because i've never forgotten my
roots i've never forgotten where i come from i still want to perform for the little people now
wait you say the little people yet it's a 21 plus show what's going on with that don't you think
that you know younger people are the ones who are buying the subgenius books and the t-shirts and
will really you know fall prey to this bob scam well i can't help it if uh you know the younger
people are into uh other drugs that don't uh require uh an id or you know they're selling a
alcohol at the middle east cafe okay just want to interject that i always have to bring in the
ageist thing ageism um so is fame and fortune what you are seeking well not really i just want to be
well known enough to where i would have heard of me if i weren't the person that was doing this in
the first place oh my friend how far have you progressed from the stone age how far have we
progressed are the present doctors really miracle men of medicine what have they cured what have they
controlled in the next few minutes you will be shown a special example my friend this is not
the 10th century but the 20th century i firmly suggest that if you are squeamish
please keep your eyes closed or better yet leave the room i do not advise that children
hear this
i wanted to ask you if you're going to be attending doc stock this year oh yes uh i plan on being there
along with swinging love how exciting yeah the man that did not speak its name will be there
can you give me a right yeah we're we're getting excited about doc stock this ought to be the
biggest one we're gonna have uh a lot of bands from all over the world are gonna be there
who else is going to be there gonna be quite a few reunions i think
oh
yeah yeah the who is gonna be there they're gonna the what the who no i think i think the i am i think
uh
docs okay a final score touchdown while he's talking to us mentally on the foos board downstairs
i think look at the board line up this is a great score but uh the interroger seems to get a little
fuzzy again here oh don't worry about it i told you well you're gonna regulate this screen we'll make
it smell that way
the wiring burned out solenoid yeah it's the female plugs in the wiring we use okay
yeah well inhibiting factors here with us right now and then over on the other side
this is a four-way connection which is really my voice i just decided to call in at the right time
you know we hooked it up i feel like he was here yesterday and he recorded that
oh everything gets recorded in the akashic records recorded twice
oh yes yes no no stop the theme of doc stock stock for those who weren't uh who didn't suffer
through it last week is the uh subgenius re-indoctrination uh education camp uh that's
held out in the woods for the noble subgenius doctors and uh musicians those who operate to
rip and tear into each other um creatively
it was uh i think this was doc stock number 46 or 0.01 101 something like that and uh it was as
important as the post-ritual instructions with saint byron werner at the temple of the big
blue cylindrical life force that seemed friends to emanate the true essence of dobs and his fusion
from aleph to yoma mama perhaps not but how can we beat how can we
express the ineluctable modality of our sodality dear friend no we can't that's the problem we just
can't uh but we can give credits uh right now at this half hour point you've been listening to well
at the top of the show we have that lovely song what bob is this uh by reverend g i believe his
name is g stafford in tokyo japan yes that came from tokyo now the
general barrage as there's been some uh ugly music by saint joe riley chriswell predicts and
predicts and uh kpfa with dr hall of course um i think there was a band called nude gangsters
doing minimal stress but mainly the great ranting of reverend suzy the floozy from one show in
atlanta intercut for very serious reasons and i think that's the thing that's been going on for a
long time is that the people who have been doing the ranting have been doing the ranting for a long

reasons with uh rant by uh papa joe mama from alabama i believe is where he is now he's hard to
track so we've had joe riley joe mama and suzy the floozy all chopped up because either of those
taken as a whole would have gotten us into a great deal of trouble we would have ended up in the hole
they'd never get out of that hole friends we'd never get out because well somehow we thought that

if we spread it a little more thin we could get away with it and uh that's just what we have to do
sometimes so praise uh uh father joe mama reverend suzy the floozy there may be still some more of
that and a little bit of jayner hyper cleats there but what have they controlled what have they cured
have the doctors fulfilled their great promise well you can find out by writing the doctors
i just address that to bob
at this post office box number i'm about to give p.o box one four zero three zero six
in beautiful dallas texas a seven five two one four once again that's box one four oh three oh
six dallas texas seven five two one four we'll give that number again at the end of the broadcast
and uh we'll be back with more from doc stock 97 uh next uh minute
you don't leave there when he got it

so
you
you
you
you
you
you



And that happened at Dockstock.
But that wasn't nearly as...
See, I'm delirious, for instance.
This Dockstock virus has just got me...
It's got me just wearing down.
Batteries, batteries, just all...
I need a recharge.
I need to sap into the power of some listener out there.
Hmm.
Let me whiff.
Yes, I smell a new one.
They're easy to recognize.
Guys?
Oh, yeah!
That's special.
Yes, I'm sure you know by now that we have all of your...
I do, and that's all there is to it.
Well, there's been several times I definitely could say that I just...
Once I decided to.
Yes, sir, right off, just quit talking.
And I did...
I searched in vain for Janer,
only to find out...
Later, he's in his mini-tent practicing sexual deprivation.
All of his groupies have gone to call Buck naked.
And where is Buck?
Oh.
Later in the day, the night, what was it?
I found myself trying to sing along with Bob.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
Everyone but Stan was sound asleep in the back of the helicopter.
And as usual, he was lying next to someone else,
and vibrating several thousand times a second.
But autonomic overload has always been Stan's lot,
ever since the Hinky Commission concluded he was totally uninvolved
with any conspiracy whatsoever.
And furthermore, he only had one-third of a soul anyway,
so what could he really know about the hellish,
unhuman, bloody rights of the rest of the doctors,
and what it was they were really doing
while he was busy trying to tape everything?
I always remember,
you know,
Ok,
you know,
Ok,
I know.
I know.
I know.
So no solving for Bob.


is that as long as we top of the left agreement,






I did and he kept him busy.
But I never really bettered him around because reinvigilizing was his campaign.
Bye.
As you continue listening to this tape,
you will learn why it would be impossible for you not to see results.
And as you continue with the Mindpower program over the next several months,
you will see that you can create for yourself the kind of life you've always wanted.
Call now, won't you?
For more of what you've come to expect from us.
Star.
Mood.
A certain...
A certain...
A dependable kind of image.
An image of the way you like people to be.
Passive.
Pretty.
But...
As wide as the complexion of our finest women,
grown right here by our special process.
As wide as the hair of God,
wide as it was in life.
As wide as the blank sheet on which we write your mind.
Who are we?
We're the happy people.
We are professionals.
Do not attempt to do this show at home.
Have the fan running in the room when you start the show
because it'll leave that sludge all over the place.
Oh!
Dump.
Those things you do to me, Bob, you freak me out.
That's not Bob.
Ah.
Nothing.
Ah.

Wet brain, wet brain.
I'm in wet brain.
Wet where?
Get in here.
Wet brain's in.
There we go.
The puzzling evidence program changed up again.
Wet brain's in.
Dry brain's out.
Oh.

Oh.
Wet brain, you know, touching them is fatal to them.
You know, we've told you before how you can see your own brain.
Well, at least you're important.
And tonight, if the time permits,
I'll give you tips on how you can see inside your own eye
with your unaided naked eye.
My brain is actually in the command module.
Remember, the brain must be firmly in control.
And I'd love to.
Seeing back into one's brain is not for everyone.
The procedure?
The procedure can be dangerous.
And in some circumstances, can cause violent and hideous death.
All right.
So punch up your home computer for brain scan.
Oh.
Ow.
Ow.
Ow.
Take that.
Ow.
Ow.
Oh.
Oh.
I'm sorry.
I didn't hurt you, did I, compudo?
Oh, I did?
Well, I'm sorry.
Hey, don't be that way.
Oh.
Oh.

Ah.
Who's there?
The dream of plummeting sunlight into the eye.
Oh.
There it goes.
Up below.
Up.
There goes that plummeting satellite into the envelope again.
Dr. Holmes.
Radio.
Micro.
Three.
Five.
Forensic results in a moment.
But first...
Insane?
Yes, insane.
My enemies called me insane.
Yet they are dead now while I yet live.
How then shall we redefine the term sanity?
Who is more sane?
Who is more in control of the present?
The person who suffers the torments of torture?
Or he who deals it out?
Yes, from a world of strife and turmoil, I bring and offer slack.
Only the mind of a genius backed by the savage fist of relentless brutality can bring about the decision on the side it favors.
As long as a single member of the Church of the Subgenius is able to draw breath into his lungs, he shall continue to fight for slack.
For the word of J.R. Bob Dobbs, there will be no peace in the land until a normal person's body hangs from every lamp post and tree.
Yes, people used to point at me and say,
I am a smile.
And they are still smiling, for as the flesh decomposes around the mouth, a certain macabre, grim parody of a smile is formed.
The normals used to push and shove me around, and now it is I who push and shove them around in boxcarves.
Let history therefore decide if I am a genius or a madman.
And if I am to fail, perhaps in a thousand years a man with a genius similar to my own shall arise.
It will be easy for him, for I have laid the groundwork.
I have shown the way.
Insane.
Well folks, you be the judge.
And I told the judge.
Um, no wait, somewhere in the middle of that rant, I heard you use the word genius without the prefix sub to it.
What's going on with that?
Well I get confused sometimes.
I mean, I do realize that I'm a genius, but then as soon as I start thinking of myself as a genius, I'll do something like lock my keys in my car, and Bob will remind me that I'm a sub-genius.
Have you ever thought of pressing suit, lawsuit against the label Sub Pop for cashing in on this whole sub thing?
I've never thought at all.
Well I, I decide, I consider...
Sub Pop.
I feel for you Bob.
I love everything about you.
And no, I'll do it with my mouth.
Why the other day, I saw a sign in front of East Cobb Baptist Church that truly said,
The Lord is not slack concerning his promise, as some men count slackness.
No kidding, not as I count it.
Not too blatant, is it?
I wonder what the real fighting Jesus would have to say about that.
Sex, sex, sex, sex, crime, crime, cra, cra, cra, cra, cra, cra, cra, cra, cra, cra, crime.
Never about an hour.
Here we go, here we go.
I'm in New Design, here we go, here we go.
I still
The Chef looses his appetite.
The magician loses his mystery.
The film director hates going to the movies.
The teacher despises poetry.
The preacher is an atheist, agnostic existentialist.
existentialist. The neurologist ridicules his stumbling patients. The veterinarian thinks he's
allergic to cats. The daycare worker can't stand one more minute with these damn noisy kids. The
psychologist knows someone is out to get him, but just isn't sure who. Zim, zam, there it comes.
Complacency has knocked ass over tea kettle, and down goes all established order. Respect for
authority, harmony, beauty, the mysteries of the unknown. Hello, friends, and welcome.
And that was indeed. But yet, where do we find, uh, how come I don't have negative land on here,
friends? Well, I'm just gonna have to...
To, uh, stop and tell you what exactly... Well, we never want to tell you exactly what's been
going on, but, uh, you have heard just now, in order, uh, a little bit of Doc Stock recordings
of Mark Mothersbaugh doing Bob Spangled Banner, a tiny, a short moment of, uh, Reverend Michael
Pepe, the song Three Things, Death, Taxes, and Bob, by Don Truby, and, uh,
some more KPFA, Dr. Howland, puzzling evidence, and, of course, the, uh, uh, Janer there on sanity.
Good old Janer on sanity. What a frightening thought that is. And, uh, it, and then finally,
their Reverend Microphone, I believe, at the very end. And I'm having to switch machines here. For
some reason, we just had a little funny...
Odd, uh, technical thing. Let's see what happens if I punch these buttons.
And now, Crosley Bendix, cultural reviewer and director of stylistic premonitions for the Universal Media
NetWeb, with today's Arts Review. And now, this morning's Cultural Review.
Cultural Review.
Cultural Review.
Catalyst Norman
madrid
い
FAO
ashtrays at Dummyland, was built on the shifting, whispering sands of time, and could not support
the increasing weight of all the scholars crossing in search of old ideas forever. Unquote.
And now the atomic conductor passes among us. He's oriental. Tickets, please. Do you have yours?
Do you know how to operate a computer? Well, there's a computerized ticket dispenser at every
station. You can get one if you know how to operate a computer. My advice is, don't bother.
This iron horse only goes around and around a man-made duck pond in Dummyland now,
and those sheared bolts on the plate that held the breadbasket under the Bible,
just a matter of physics and chemistry, missile strength, pressure points,
uniform smelting procedures, oxidation, age. Now we use computer robot steel from Japan,
and there's a Japanese electric train that goes 200 miles per hour around the base of your
Christmas tree.
However, their Dummyland is smaller than ours, but theirs is open all night.
These contrasts may never be ironed out, not even with steam. The whistle stops here.
You've been listening to Culture.
We'll see you next time.
And social critic, Crosley Bendix.
Oh, yes. Brought to you actually by Negative Land, dear friends. That's from the Crosley
Bendix material, which keeps intruding there. Yes, indeed. What is that Negative Land record
called? This is from their own Sealand Records. It's old over-the-edge radio show.
Excerpts. The Crosley Bendix Radio Reviews.
And, well, I had a choice here of playing either a yet another Papa Joe Mama rant or
starting tonight to play an old tape that I dug out of a dresser drawer that I recorded
in 1974. It's Captain Beefheart and his magic band live in a club in Dallas.
The Erogant.
The Erogant Ballroom. Why, all them years ago, could it really be 20 years ago? And
I think it could. I recorded this myself with a Nagra tape recorder, and it doesn't sound
bad. But before we go into that actual Captain Beefheart service, I'd like to give you one
more time the address you can write to for more information on the Church of the Subgenius.
Yes, you've been listening to the...
Church of the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack. Originating here in beautiful Dallas,
Texas. And, yes, there is actually quite a bit more besides the radio show that you can
get your hands on. All you have to do is write for that free information. We tell you about
all the books and stuff, but we can't. So we'll... You just ask old Bob. Write to Bob
or Subgenius.
Subgenius or whatever. At. But it has to be the specific address. Box 140306. 140306.
That's it. Box 140306. Got that hammered in your head enough in Dallas, Texas. And the
zip is 75214. That zip code, once again, 75214. This music in the background is... I don't
know.
I don't know.



But it is the NERC Twins. They sent us some tape. And they're the NERC Twins. They're
coming right up to, I guess, to take us on out, as they say in professional radio. Captain
Beefheart live, May 8th, 1974, in Dallas. Good old Captain.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
How'd you get your voice to go low like that?
We're trying to get all crazy
Break things down lower than they could be
Break things up higher than they should be
Oh, oh, oh
Yeah, yeah
You got the answer to the answer
Oh, my only question is
Girl, girl, how old, how old can you be?
If you don't find out still
You know you're gonna be the drug
Well, they say I'm crazy
I'm hot, she's cold
Crazy little thing, crazy little thing
How old, how old, how old can you be?
Crazy little thing
Just gonna race you
You'll have to get a seat
I'm crazy little thing
I'm in the name of the truth
You're crazy all along
You're crazy all along
Oh, how'd you get a walk?
How'd you get it all to move?
No slow, no pace
How'd you get your voice to go low?
We're trying to get all crazy
Crazy little thing, you're just gone crazy
Girl, how'd you get a seat?
Crazy little thing
How'd you get a seat?
You're crazy all along
Yeah, yeah
You're crazy all along
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
