Yeah!
Ah, Chase!
Here they come now!
I surrendered.
Blow your speakers out!
It's the Buzley Evidence Show!
Welcome to the show.
Come on down, Buzley Evidence!
Come on down, Dr. Howe!
Come on down, Milo Drummer!
And our special guest star, Evan Sainz.
Come on down, Caller 1, Caller 2, Caller 3, Caller...
Oh wait, no Caller.
I just want to say I love what you crazy, wonderful, beautiful kids are doing.
When those women in those tube tops run down the aisle, it's just crazy!
Showtime.
Got some friendlies on the show this morning.
True religious figures of the Church of the Sub...
Old bones creaking from the grave.
Makes people sit in their cars out in the cold to listen.
That's what kind of show it is.
From another place, from another time, from another dimension.
The Buzley Evidence Show.
It's almost Hitler's birthday, but it's...
Time to wake up.
I want to hear from you guys, because I'm weird.
I'm not sure if you guys are incredible creative geniuses or just criminally insane.
However, I'm always game for weird things.
A pirate radio's plunder.
You can't do this to me! I'm in control, not you! Get out of my head!
I can hear a game.
So, yes, we're back on the show, and this is a religious show, I've got to remember.
Right.
I understand.
Dr. King, Dr. Howell, the Obermans.
Don't leave, I can't hear nothing!
I can hear Reverend Stans.
I'm looking into the chamber, the star chamber, and Ivan Stang is starving in there.
He can't...
Stans?
Stans.
Oh, my God.
There he goes. We've just...
I use these buttons.
This is coming in.
CR is listening.
I thought I had lost my hearing, and it was only the headphone was unplugged.
What?
Who would unplug a headphone?
Who would do such a thing?
No helpful person could countenance such an act.
What could motivate a person to unplug a headphone in a radio station?
A true believer motivated by his conspiratorial ideology.
That's who.
Someone contaminated by ideology.
I was talking to Dr. Howell just like we weren't on the air, because I thought we weren't on the air.
And now I'm afraid. I'm afraid.
I think we were.
Because I said things that I might not say on the air.
Talking about the Chiricahua Mountains of southern Arizona.
Princess, we and I have been on a long road trip for over a month now, almost two months.
We left December 1st with a terrible disease.
Did you protect yourself from that steady beating sunshine?
Visiting certain barely known ruins in...
By using your hat and your sunscreen?
We did two things.
We spread the Cleveland Flags.
We flew and successfully up until we got to Texas.
Were you able to propagate it?
Then from Texas to here we investigated numerous of the more rocky and twisted,
torturous state parks and national monuments.
And which culminated in the cops almost busting bombs at Vasquez Rocks just north of Los Angeles.
Oh my goodness.
Vasquez Rocks where so many great movies have been made.
Like Bill and Ted's Bogus Journey.
Iron Man and Transformers were most recently shot there.
Episodes of the original Star Trek.
In fact, Dr. Hal, the main feature...
And Jesus Christ Superstar.
The part of Vasquez Rocks that opens Werewolf of London and stars as Japan.
That is now called Kirk's Rock.
Because so many...
So many Star Treks were shot there.
And as we were exploring it, I was thinking Shatner himself walked here.
Yes.
Shatner.
Shatner walked.
Shatner walked among us.
And the spot that I'm walking on.
And so I pulled the terrible big rubber bob mask.
Not the good one.
But the terrible one.
Yeah.
Well, the one I wouldn't...
It's just terrible, ladies and gentlemen.
I wouldn't risk losing.
It is.
It is terrible.
And it smells bad too.
And as I was posing and waving...
Waving and...
As Dobbs and...
And Bob was...
Winking at the crowd...
That's when the Vasquez Park Ranger and the local town sheriff showed up.
And you could tell they'd heard somebody was smoking.
But then they looked at Bob.
We...
Bob looked at him as if to say, nobody think anybody's smoking something in this fake plastic
pipe.
And so they were happy when Bob left their car.
You're just lucky, Stan.
They drove to the left and we drove to the right.
And everyone was happy.
You're just lucky I was happy.
Did you stand up?
You're just sitting down?
As Pozling pointed out, they really just wanted to go to lunch.
Here's my version of what happened.
We went to Vasquez Rocks.
I come over the hill.
And there's Bob.
So I call my guys over.
And we just start pouring fire into the area.
The rangers were treated.
Because we had so much stuff to do.
I can't hear you over the background noise.
Because I'm deaf.
Because we're fighting the fight.
They're fighting...
I'm fighting the radio fight to try to hear what my fellow live people are saying over
the air.






We're trying to keep these dead people off of us.
I hate the dead people who hurt my ears.
No, I hear dead people.
I hear dead people.
Stop!
They won't shut up.
Right now, Prince...
But my leavening ghostly spirit...
Are there callers on this show?
Is it possible...
There may be, in the fullness of time, some callers.
Let's...
The one caller gave up.
Remember, our call number, Vafus Rofofyofyik, in the 510 area code.
That's, once again, the 510 area code.
That's the 510 area code.
That's the 510 area code.




Vafus Ro learned Hungarian Modern Yourura.
Go on.
Boy, that'sakteria.
To understand it's compared to Mobile SAP internet communication linear currency,

As Vafus Ro i invite you to learn Vafsbeat,
Let's try.
To do is change this mix of views.
That's vesranze,



A show dumped from a market.
That doesn't mean that listeners aren't there.
They're just in the dark, sad.
There's going to be a weird show now on the college radio station.
There's no show upstate.
Just silence and darkness.
Please call the show right now and start the show on your own college radio station.
In Greensboro, North Carolina.
That's a secret message to this future.
And start the show on your own show.
In Greensboro, don't miss the spectacular sight of beautiful Venus and the crescent moon close together in the southwest after sunset.
After they set, mighty Orion the hunter strides on center stage high in the south as the red planet Mars rises in the east.
Venus sets at 8.37 p.m. while Mars rises at 9.04 p.m.
Great Jupiter sets at 12.24.
Venus sets at 9.39 a.m. while aged Saturn rises at 12.07 a.m.
You were editorializing those a little bit, weren't you?
Simply giving credit where credit is due.
Say, I visited a disease upon many subgeniuses that you guys know on my way down here and made them all really sick with a chest cold.
Oh.
Here's how it started.
First, I got a flu shot.
Then a week later, I got a test.
Terrible cold after a Thanksgiving party.
A cold that causes hallucinations in some people.
The cold flew into your body.
Yes.
And I couldn't sleep laying down.
I had to sleep sitting up like the elephant man.
And I made paternostril and petal sick.
Then we made Pisces and suds ill.
Sneezing and wheezing.
Oh, it was horrible.
But Charlottesville was fun to explore because it's full of occult symbols.
It's so ancient.
It's paraphernalia.
All those masons were there.
Thomas Jefferson carved eyes in pyramids and swastikas everywhere in Charlottesville.
And put secret things for national treasure.
Then we saw Dr. Leguim and Reverend Pockets in Greensboro, North Carolina.
Pockets had suddenly heard her own self on the radio for the first time and realized,
Oh my God, our slug's been on in this city all this time.
And two weeks later, they canceled it.
From that city.

Then we drove to Atlanta and stayed with Reverend Susie the Flusie.
Although we were not on her show.
She just did show for us the whole time.
And slathered us with presents and showed off her new house and her new lizards and all of her bulldada.
Her house, like Philo's, is one huge bulldada altar.
And Dr. Howe's.
Did she?
And Potterknob.
And the last one.
Lou's a lizard or something?
Her favorite lizard died and she has replaced it with a couple of new plated African Sudan lizards.
Well, those are handsome creatures.
Little Johnny-come-lately's, huh?
We went to doctor after making everyone sick.
We went to Sterno's.
Sterno has a radio show that plays just Frank Zappa, rare Frank Zappa, every Sunday night.
And I asked him, when I got there, I said,
Now, even though I like Frank Zappa for the most part, is it okay for me to say Zappa sucks on your show?
And both of them went, no, you can't.
I said, so you're in a cult now, right?
You're in a cult.
I'm not allowed to say Zappa sucks, whether I mean it or not.
You said it on KPFA.
And Sterno's reply was, no, Stang, I'm in two cults.
But in the Bob cult, you have to say Bob sucks.
Or else we'll kick you out sooner or later.
That's the way we are.
Well, now you guys.
After sickening everyone, we visited a doctor.
Dr. Cooler in Oklahoma, who's an emergency room doctor.
Sickenings and healing.
And a cattle rancher at the same time.
And a subgenius collector.
He actually subscribes to our Slack home service.
How about Kweezybo?
That is the way it goes.
No, the Kweezybo.
The Kweezybo cartel moved to New York.
New York?
Yeah.
And is shot up with reverence.
They're all caught up in New York.
You can't have things, huh?
Still producing the magazine.
Probably not, because he's got a life now and a girlfriend.
Ah, well.
A worthy girlfriend.
Anyway, we went and saw Pappy out at Stang Ranch and all my siblings.
And everybody was fine.
The cactus crop was coming along real well.
And I don't know if I can stand to live there.
Really?
Why?
What is it that's sad?
Because the Pate Transportation Museum is completely gone.
Texas has sort of changed and they're kind of nosy now.
And I'm afraid that I would have to pretend to be Mr. Smith instead of Reverend Stang all
the time.
Yeah.
I do that on the road.
I put on a disguise.
It's nice Mr. and Mrs. Stang.

I'm going to call Mrs. Smith from Ohio.
Smith, is that your real name?
Is the light blinking for Mrs. Smith?
I haven't seen it.
Where is Mrs. Smith?
She fell asleep in the car.
I hope not.
Mrs. Smith?
What the hell are you talking about Mrs. Smith?
Well, she, you know, she makes those pies.
She called out, you know, simple pleasures are worth dying for.
Call her back, Reverend Stang.
That's what Mrs. Smith's pies are all about.
On your secret super cell phone.
I don't know.


I don't know.






Oh, the secret super secret cell phone.
There she is.
I never say hello.
Is that Princess We Are Doe?
No, this is the little match girl.
No, it's some homeless lady sitting in a car.
A match girl, eh?
Well, I never would have thought there was a match for that girl.
Trying to be quiet so they don't hear her in Texas.
How many matches do I need to give you for you know?
She's matchless, I can tell you that.
I'm at the end of my rope.
That's not the top of the line.






That's not who I thought it was.
She's at the end of the rope.
Well, don't.
Well, hang on.
Hang on.
Don't let go.
Don't let go.
Well, now it is.
If you're swinging above a vertiginous abyss, don't let go of the end of the rope.
I don't know how.
Okay, good.
Because you've been living in UFOs all your life near kpfa.org.
And that's sort of on the hour of slack whenever somebody cuts it into little pieces.
Slack.
Bob Nelson.
Hour of slack.
Give me some slack.
And that's what this is, dear friends.
Hour of slack number 1347 made of three other shows.
Princess, we and I have been on a trip.
Obviously, we did six shows and a bunch of location recordings.
And it's a lot of stuff to be edited.
And we're still on our way back, right?
Right?
Right.
Right.
Yeah, we're not still in California.
You're not really living here in my garage.
Right.
I'm not really living in Philo's garage.
But I've got to get this show out real quick.
And that means I had to do it the simplest way, which is really complicated.
So there aren't many cuts.
But it is the very best stuff of several of the shows.
Which one?
Those shows being The Buzzing Evidence Show on KPFA.
Radio Synesthesia on WCSB Cleveland.
And now, Ask Dr. Howell from RadioValencia.fm.
Thank you.
And now, Dr. Philo Drummond, which we now hear introduced by Dr. Philo Drummond.
Thank you.
That cuts to you going . . .
And so the cry from the minaret of the muezzin summons the faithful to prayer here on the
Ask Dr. Howell Show.
It's funny how the enemy changes every year.
As the long shadows steal over the dusty street.
It's the Muslimics this year.




When I was growing up, the enemy was Yankees, Nazis, and Japanese.
And now, it's . . .
It's also this funny how . . .
. . . it's the Muslim Yankees.
. . . a different foreign group is starving when the child doesn't . . . American child
doesn't eat their dinner, too.
Did you notice that?
When I was a kid, it was Armenians.
Yeah, me too.
What about China?
And now, it's like Ethiopians.
No, now it's . . .
No, it was Ethiopians when I had kids.
Eat your dinner.
Think of the starving Americans.
Now it's the Americans again.
Think of the starving West Virginians.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Think of the starving Ashtabulians.
They hardly have enough money for cigarettes.
If you don't want that oatmeal . . .
They can't buy cigarettes.
. . . some po-bucker probably wants it.
Some poor little kid . . .
You know, cigarettes actually are a form of self-dosing for anti-depressants.
Well, they also keep bugs away.
So, when you take . . .
. . . you have to stay away.
When you take a depressed person's cigarettes away, you're just taking away his last ability
to give himself a dose of an anti-depressant.
Well, that's . . .
It's so sad.
It's so sad when that happens.
It's a rather complicated remedy for some people.
It's something that may be quite simple.
And, you know, you can find a smoker to an area where they can stand around with a bunch
of other smokers . . .
Pure bliss, isn't it?
. . . breathing that secondhand smoke.
That's the bad smoke.
The firsthand smoke is not so bad.
But that secondhand smoke is . . . that'll kill you.
Have you noticed that smokers are now the healthy looking ones?
Because they're always outdoors.
They're always . . .
They're spending a lot of time.
They've got these nice tans.
Yeah, they have to . . . they're outdoors.
And they've got their tans without using a tanning machine.

They can't sit at the office.
They can't sit at the office.

They've got their desks smoking.
Chains smoking.
No, you can't do that.
So you've got to go outside.
And now . . .
You can't even cuss.
A lot of them are a lot stronger because they have to take their laptops with them.
And they have a Wi-Fi connection.
They just sit out there and they work the whole time.
This is that weird mashup of Bob Don't Ever Change.
Wilhelm Stahlhelm.
Right.
He created . . . Wilhelm Stahlhelm created one of the greatest Bob Robins that was ever
burned in Africa.
I think he was a . . .
Did you see the videos of that?
Yeah, that was great.
Of the Bob robot that burned and emitted fire from his fundament while he roasted in agony?
Yeah, you could see his soul emerging from him and the Bobbies would inhale it involuntarily.
Yeah, it was burning plastic.
They were just sucking it around.
So, that was . . . that was so much fun back in those days.
I'm gonna go back to the . . .



You know, these are the good old days.
Did you know that?
I'm afraid they are.
That's a sad thing . . .
Because any time you look back, it's always the good old days.
So, while now, while we're not looking back, we're not thinking this is the good old days,
tomorrow, we're gonna look back on tonight and say, you know, that was the good old days.
But what is the point of this observation made now?
Because that actually degrades the present moment, which is the good old day, and make
it less of a good old day.
That's just the point I wanted to make, because we don't ever talk about this is the good old moment.
Well, yes.
This is the best of all . . . right now is the best of all . . .
And yet, making the suggestion kind of puts us on the track to sadness, thus degrading the quality of the moment,
which would otherwise be ebullient and just as good as you say it is.
Well, there's no way to not degrade the quality of the moment under any observation, or anything.
Well, you're right about that.
I'm damned if you do and damned if you don't.
You won't hear me do it.
Because the moment . . .
. . .

. . . it degrades itself by its own act of not observing itself.
Well, at least we're not those slaves banging away on those railroad tracks heard in the background.
Well, they thought it was their job.
Actually, a human observing the moment actually elevates the moment to a higher plane.
I always thought of that song as like a chain gang song.
It might be. How they . . .
I don't necessarily think that the human degrades the moment by remembering the moment.
Remembering the previous moment during the current moment, it augments the current moment in a way that can't happen until after the previous moment has already occurred.
Do you understand?
I believe that I do apprehend your meaning.
And sometimes you say it in an obvious, a super obvious way, just to make a point.
When I was younger so much . . .
Why not obfuscate when one can, just to show off?
That the unspoken is misunderstood, goes without saying.
They'll misunderstand you if you speak, too.
Yeah.
You have to think on . . .

That's a . . .
That's something to think about.
That kind of perplexes me.
It's like a self-interpolating feedback loop that eats itself like the worm oroboros.
Well, not necessarily.
Well, you know, the best subgenius lines are that way.
They're paradoxical, but yet they're like Mobius strips of meaning.
They're an opposite paradox.
They're hard to... Only Bob can come up with them.
And they're channeled...
They bubble out of his followers at the most unexpected moments.
How embarrassing.
The funerals.
They're like juxtaposed paradoxical corollaries.
Well, these are special moments, of course.
And what to call on except one's deep subgenius faith.
Ah, yes.
Did you say deep subgenius face?
Well, that too.
But I meant faith.
But, of course, the face is what one gets deeply into, isn't it?
I'm sorry the radio audience can't see this hand airbrushed Dobbs head that was done by some...
Terrifying.
...known artist, a subgenius male.
He emailed this to me.
He'd paid a street-busking airbrusher to do a Dobbs head real fast on a t-shirt.
And he sent it to me.
Fascinating.
And I shamefully can't remember the name of the person.
Horrible, but fascinating.
Nor the artist.
But I know that it's a distorted Bob face.
A distortion of the old Bob face.
That is horrible, but fascinating.
It's a...
Yes.
You recognize that quote in the classics.
It's fascinating.
It's distorted a little bit.
Extraordinary.

Extraordinary.
Because of the way my torso has changed.
It's undignified.
It's undignified, but still fascinating.
You want to see my Dobbs head, little girl?
No, no, no.
Reverend Stang, please.
It's embarrassing.
It's just...
Take your medication.
But it's still fascinating.
You want to see my pipe all lit up?
Here, I'll get your pipe for you.
Look, it's got eyes on that thing.
Get him his pipe.
Hey, tamp this thing for me, would you?
Now they're tamping Ivan's pipe, ladies and gentlemen.
They're obnoxious.
The eyeballs are crossed on that thing.
This is remarkable.
I wish you could see.
This custom-made pipe was provided by the Wilhelmina Spreckles Girls School of Carnover, Pennsylvania.
It is carved in the exact likeness of J.R. Bob Dobbs and produces the mind-boggling tautology of a pipe smoking a pipe.
This tiny pipe that sticks out and actually, see, at the moment, is emitting smoke.
Now, see, that would be a good design for a bong.
For the young people.
Bong.
It would be a Dobbs head bong.
And the pipe would...
You could use the pipe or you could use the pipe attached to the bigger pipe.
It's never...
My vocabulary.
That's all right.
Just take your time.
We'll get there.
Don't worry.
Don't sweat it.
Sorry I distracted you with my coffee.
Easy.
It's going to be all right.
On top of every pipe, there's a smaller pipe.
Exactly.
That's the thing.
It's a progressive series of tiny, ever-teensier pipes.
The pipe is composed of tiny pipes.
And ever-larger ones.
Well, that is implied.
A pipe is like a...
Bob's pipe is like a fractal.
If you take an image of it at a super-microscopic level, you just see more and more pipes.
Well, we can see the little ones because they are much smaller than we are.
But we can't see the big ones because they are so...
Much bigger than we are.
It's like what we call superliminal projection.
It goes past you, past your notice, because it's just too big to see.
Well, we are what's burning in the uber-pipe of our universe.
That's the tragic mistake most people make, is thinking that the pipe is actually being smoked,
as opposed to the pipe doing the smoke.
That is surely a matter of...
A matter of faith.
The pipe is actually smoking Bob.
Well, I'll be jiggered.
That's also been argued over the years.
Some even claim the pipe is a living organism of some kind with deep roots in Bob.
That's pretty much been proven.
I hate that idea, though.
Help me.
I die now, my son.
But soon there will come, on the mountain, a sacred fire.
From a pipe.
A man will...
A man will come among you with one sandal and one pipe.
Followed by a man with one testicle.
And one morsel of frop.
And followed by another man with one ear in the middle of his forehead.
How come all these guys only have one thing where they ought to have two?
Well, what about the people?
Who only have one when they should have dozens?
What about a guy with only one nostril?
Think about that.
One nostril.
In the center of his forehead.
Full of red hair.
Full of red hair.
Yeah.
Nice.
Matted red hair.
Matted red curly pubic hair.
In a nostril?
That's all wrong, Dr. Drummond.
And silly and juvenile.
And I think it's...
It lowers the general common denominator of public discourse.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
You made the show hurt, Doctor.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Look at that.
I'm sorry.
I'm going to rub some homeopathic ointment on you.
I'm going to rub some salve into the show's show.
No.
Oh, I forgot.
The bag bomb.
You have to use bag bomb.
I'm going to rub some bag bomb on the show's bag.
Not that kind of bag.
The bag bomb.
Hey, man.
That's not funny.
Terrible.
The show's...
The show's...
The show's...
Okay.
I'm palpating the show's bag right now with this bag bomb.
While you were discoursing, we did have a call.
And the question was asked, which I'm going to throw open for discussion from this caller.
Just what is a prairie squid anyway?
Well, it's an animal that...
A creature.
It's a cephalopod.
It's a cephalopod.
Like a squid or an octopus.
Yes, but...
However, it is a land-dwelling...
A land-dwelling mollusk.
It has developed a kind of primitive lung.
They lay their eggs in the water, but they are amphibious type of squid.
And they spawn to their home grounds.
So sometimes they are seen walking back to their native...
Country boys, you know.
And they're harmless, isn't it right?
Perfectly harmless.
In the Midwest, they're quite tasty, except they can be...
They can provide a painful bite delivered through their beak.
That's the thing, you see.
The thing about the beak.
And they have to be de-beaked.
Yes.
If you want to eat them or do something with them, like...
Well, that's the thing.
That's what I was getting to.
Country boys do something...
Country boys...
A little more...
Less seemly than eating.
You know, they don't want to get in trouble with...
Dad's...
Not cattle or goats, but a prairie squid, you know, a kid will come upon one.
How so?
Or come up and have its way with it if he knows how to de-beak it.
Because the way they're shaped, a boy...
Or a girl.
A country boy or a country girl.
A country girl.
Now, city folks, the only time they see a prairie squid is wrapped up in cellophane in the slave way or someplace.
No, no, no.
They have to go to, like, the Asian market in the...
Oh, yeah, but it's still...
Where they have the weird, weird animals.
It hasn't been...
The cell cats and the frogs.
...seasoned the way it should be.
Because you know what you do.
You catch your squid.
You de-beak it.
You do your thing.
And then you cook it up for your friends.
Because when they're fresh...
You might want to wash it a little after you...
And brought to your table, there's nothing better.
A prairie squid is just too mounted, cooked.
They don't have to cook them for long.
You know, it tastes like chicken.
Just like chicken.
But chicken is...
It's like a calamari, but...
But a calamari of the land.
You can't make physical love to it.
It's not a calamari or an octopus.
It's more like a calateri.
They'll drown.
They'll die.
They'll suffocate.
That's right.
That's where the prairie squid can help out.
The prairie squid can actually breathe air.
And it's not painful for the prairie squid to de-beak.
It's not painful.
It doesn't hurt the squid.
That's the important thing.
We wouldn't promote this kind of thing if it hurt the animal.
The prairie squid actually...
The beak grows back in two days.
And not only that.
The prairie squid has a protective...
Antibody that keeps it from...
Bob said we could.
Bob said we had to.
Anesthetic antibody.
He didn't...
It wasn't an option.
Bob said...
He said we had to.
Bob...
He said God put the prairie squid here for a reason.
It's obvious by its shape and crevice and that head on the end.
And it surpasses the knowledge of why.
For everybody.
It's for everybody.
We don't ask why.
We just do it.
No.
You don't ask Bob why.
Well, that's the craziest thing I've ever heard.
Ask Bob why.
Now, that question is getting...
Reverend Stang is going,
into the spirit.
Let's start asking Bob why.
I think he's going into the spirit.
Why is too much boys better than I know?
These are the binding spirits that have been bound to Reverend Stang at an early age.
Why are you the highest?
Sometimes he can fall into the spirit.
Why do you say X day is going to be July 1998?
Questions such as prairie squid and some of these early questions will trigger...

And then say Bob...
Bob...
Before you tell us why, why don't you tell us what?
...caused Reverend Stang...
I'm afraid this subject has upset Reverend Stang.
He's starting to calm down.
Calm down, Reverend Stang.
I've got the tassel.
Tell me what I'm going to get in girlfriend.
Doctor, will you give him...
I'm rubbing his chin with the tassel.
All right.
We're very sorry that we set him off.
The tassel works.
The tassel.
You know, in his salad days, he was quite...
Here, Reverend Stang, stroke the tassel.
Hey, Bob, why?
This issue was important to him when he had his memory and recollection.
That's one of the reasons why we don't like to take questions.
We never know when we might get one of those ones that will stimulate that response.
Well, I can understand the impulse because no one would know any more about the prairie squid
than this particular radio guest.
But, of course, it's all long ago and far away.
Dr. Drummond and I are both from...
Well, we both spent our childhoods in Fort Worth, Texas.
We didn't know each other, although we did go to the same theater every Saturday to watch
monster movies.
Monster movies.
My brother and his brother and us and Doc Frop all used to throw taffy at each other
in the Haltom Theater in Haltom City, Fort Worth.





And that's why we know about prairie squid, because they were very common.
Horny toads.
Yeah, outside.
They're in a similar vein.
Out in the back, in the ditch, in the culvert where we'd hang around, you know.
I used to fear that horny toads were wiped out by 12-year-old boys.
Say this.
It might.
They're certainly victims.
The last...
I've looked into it, and apparently it was an invasive species of ant that pretty much
ate the prairie squid.

Yeah.













It ate up all the horny toads' preferred food, which is a smaller ant.
And both fire ants and something...
Could it be an Argentinian ant?
Yeah.
The Argentinian ants...
But there's still some horny toads.
I've seen a few.
There are horny toads in Arizona.
Their range has changed and has diminished.
But yes, in Arizona...
They used to be everywhere in the suburbs of Fort Worth.
I mean, they were...
You'd see 20 a day.
Of course, they are a lizard.
We used to collectively play with it.
It's technically the horned lizard.
We put them in a box and play with them, you know?
We know it's not a toad.
In a shoebox.
And they're not really horny.
It's the horned toad.
Yes, they have two little horns.
That's a colloquialism.
Dr. Howell, have you ever seen one spit blood from its eyes?
Yes, I have.
You have?
You have to be prepared for it.
Because I never did.
I read that they could do that, but the ones...
They'll do that if you're really being offensive to them.
It makes you drop the toad when suddenly...
The blood squirts out of its eyes.
And as you point out, it is not so much a toad as a reptile.
A lizard, in fact.
They're very slow.
And they seem to...
If you pick them up, they'll wee-wee on your hand.
But otherwise...
An actual toad will do that, of course, Lalo.
That's another one of the ways...
That's the way they show their love.
Nature's noblemen ask...
Well, they demand independence.
They say, if you want me, you're going to have my pee.
I never...
There were so many around, I never tried to keep one as a pet.
Toads do wee-wee on your hand, but on the other hand, they're probably not able to be continent anyway.
When they have to go, they just do, being the simple children of lost amphibia.
Satan hadn't gotten to them yet and told them it was wrong to be naked.
Actually, toads are supposed to consort with Satan and his gang, according to popular lore.
Yeah, but not horned lizards.
The horns on their heads are true horns.
Not in Texas or Arizona.
Not in Texas or Arizona, horned lizard.
Whereas the horns on their body are modified scales.
The horns on their head are actually true horns with cores.
The horns on their cloacas are really, really hot.
If you can get a good magnifying glass, check it out.
There goes Philo again, off on another erotic frenzy.
Some of them call him Fernosoma.
He's looking for those hemipenii of the horned toad.
Well, who is...
They're horned lizards.
I know they're down here somewhere.
There's two of them.
We're all down with them.
Get down with my sickness.
That's funny.
So there we go.
It's going to be simultaneously institutional.
What a hysterical history.
Yeah, as soon as I translate your comment through the decrazyizer.
The decrazyizer.
Oh, man, I wish...
You can't decrazyize what we say, man.
You might as well just annihilate it.
It's like trying to dehydrate water.
What are you doing today, Reverend?
They've got your sunglasses and they live.
It's like trying to dehydrate water.
You point the decrazyizer at the person that you want to decode,
and everything makes sense after that.
Although they're still crazy.
Unfortunately, it's not much of a therapeutic tool.
It works good, though.
Yeah, the decrazyizer was suggested by Pete Goldie.
It actually, you can get it when you,
if you drink enough Ovaltine,
you can send away for the decrazyizer decoder ring.
Yeah.
And understand show after show,
show after show.
No, I always wash mine down with a handful of beans.
It's all we could afford.
The magic beans?
Magic beans.
And that would soil my magic underwear afterward.
Just think what you could do with a Lonesome Cowboy Dave and a decrazyizer.
They would negate everything.
Well, you could understand Lonesome Cowboy Dave for the first time.
Yeah, but nothing else would exist.
It would be...
Hey, come on, you can't be a little harsh.
It would be a bunch of...

It would be like a phase, like a phase canceling.
You know, I've heard some theories about how the universe might end,
the universe as we know it might end.
You know, I've heard some argue that the expansion of the universe
will eventually stop and it'll collapse upon itself.
I've heard others argue about, you know, the heat death,
whereas, you know, eventually all the heat and all the energy in the universe
will become perfectly evenly distributed,
which will basically make everything stop.
But, you know, the decrazyizer Lonesome Cowboy Dave combination,
that's actually how the universe will be destroyed.
That would be rather...
Is everything more than just one brain cell?
No. I'm sorry.
And the decrazyizer.
And the decrazyizer is one simple eunuch living with sheep.
You know, if everybody...
You know, eunuchs are pretty good at operating computers.
...shut down, nobody uses it at all.
Indeed.
I hear it's a very stable operating system to be a eunuch.
Who needs a wiener when you've got a computer?
When you've got a laptop.
Aye, aye.
Ubuntu eunuch.
Who needs a laptop if you've got a lap?
A functioning lap.
Now that gives you...
Who needs a lap if you've got a cop?
...a way down deep inside?
If you've got a big enough gut, you might not have a lap anymore.
Who needs?
I'm thinking of laptop dancers.
Oh, man.
And e-tons.
Yeah, this club swings, man. Where's Bob?
This club swings. It's a nine iron.
Bob is... Where is Bob not? Where is Bob not? That is the question.
Yeah.
Where is Bob now? Are you asking that a serious question?
Where is he not? No, well, where is he not is what I'm saying.
Oh.
That's... I mean, he's...
Where is he not more than a poor elfin boy?
And he'll...
...that no one believes in?
He's not really there to help.
There's certainly no fairy.
Slack is just around the next bend.
That is always true.
It's kind of like that old trick where you put a dollar bill on a fish hook and you, like, drag it along.
Make it look like it's blowing in the wind and get someone to chase it.
That's kind of like what slack is.
It's like the carrot dangling from a stick that you put in front of a donkey.
You walk forward and it doesn't get any closer.
It's more like the stick that you leave in the closet with a carrot hanging from it that you forgot you were going to use to do something with.
It's like the carrot after a few weeks.
Sitting in a tropical, hot, steamy environment.
And it starts to rot.
It's maggots.
Turns all black and shiny.
Well, you guys don't know about the time machine, I can tell.
Because a carrot is a one-celled critter.
And if we could replicate going back in the past as a one-celled critter, we'd be carrots.
Ergo, all carrots are going back in the...
They're getting back to their roots.
I lost it.
You have to get back to your roots.
Yeah, they'll have to get back to your roots.
Everybody talks about getting back to your roots, but what's all this multiple...
...vegetables up is plural. You're going to go back to your root. That's the whole point, right?
Yeah, you could be a rutabagas and still know what you were doing in your previous life.
What are you going to have... What's root? If you've got multiple roots, which one is the important one?
I don't know that I've ever eaten a rutabaga.
Well, one thing you...
People only go back to their roots. And what they really mean is just going back to their root. Solitary root.
The root.
I am rooting around back here in Twyla's backyard.
It's like the wisdom of the ages has been condensed into like solitary bark.
I'm looking for some carrots and stuff to eat.
There might be a carrot back there.
So you're the scum that's been sealed from my vegetable garden.
Well, if your experience about carrots is I am about parrots, we'll all be singing in parrots together.
La la... la la lee.
All of the answers are available on the Ask Dr. Howell show.
And well, everything that's worth knowing is available on the Dr. Howell show.
The rest is on subgenius.com.
February 11, Verascochia. 9pm.
9 p.m., Viracocha, February 11th, 998 Valencia.
The Ask Dr. Hal Show.
It's back.
And you'll like it, especially if you're on my list.
I'll send you something.
It's transmitted through the Jungle Telegraph, the grapevine, you know, over hundreds of miles.
Smoke signals.
Yes, the multicolored parrots, the screaming monkeys, the hanging vines, and giant iridescent spiders.
Man-eating plant facing north. Mean enemy on my...
Thanks, Stolto.
Well, I don't know if we're going to camp here or whether we should go a few more miles upriver, but the men are about done in.
Men gone home.
Well, that's awkward.
Say they no enter Forest of Bob.
Primitive superstition.
Fear Dobstown.
That old legend, nobody believes in that anymore.
That's as old as the beard of Moses, son.
There's no Dobstown, there never was.
Temple of Devils, they call it.
Yes, well, you know, you can't turn aside an important enterprise because of some old witch doctor superstitions from out in the bush.
You go on. Stolto, go home, too.
Very well, Stolto. You can pick up your jack from the bursar.
Well, that's a bit awkward, down left in the middle of the valley jungle, having to carry all my own gear.
It's hot, stinging tropical insects.
Dr. Howell, Dr. Howell.
These voices, only I can hear them, but they're not real.
Dr. Howell, Dr. Howell.
Dr. Howell, Dr. Howell.


They're not real.
That's what I must remember.
Trying to lead me from the path, I'd better take some quinine, legacy of a lifetime spent in the tropics.
Eat the beautiful flower.
Eat the curare.
Curare.
And a huge tropical, what do we call it, spider there, genus Phonutria.
You know, I think both.
I think both of you guys miss your calling as vocalists.
It's crawling. It's coming closer.
Popping vocalists.
It's coming nearer.
Hal and I are going to do a duet someday.
It's crawling up the blanket.
We're going to work on a duet.
It's right there on the bed. Can't anybody...
It's getting near me.
Look at that thing crawling up Dr. Howell's leg.
You bozos, knock him off.
He's never seen a prairie squid before, has he?
This is, uh, I don't know how to...
If I shake my leg, it might make him mad.
Yeah, that's right. Well, it's, uh, you know, let's just get it all over with in one final orgasmic moment.
Blah.
Here we go.
My God, look.
Silent, but deadly.
Sorry, I have to do this.
Look at the size of that thing.
But these were said to be extinct 400 billion years ago.
Well, they're extinct now.
Well, that was a...
zesty experience.
Yes. Yes, indeed.
What is that smell?
Is it a dinosaur or whatever? It must have been rotting for years.
I'm sorry.
Beggars can't be choosers.
Well, here we are, floating downriver once again on the Ask Dr. Howell show.
Through the dense, tropical verger.
Yes, uh, life, what is it but a dream, huh?
I ask you. I kid you not.
Life is a terminus.
Terminal sexually transmitted disease.
Papa Joe Mama.
Yes, well, that's, uh, he's, uh, his opinions are well known.
Well, but it's technically true.
Sure.
Life is a terminal sexually transmitted disease.
But of what?
Technically, you can't argue with that.
That's true.
There may be more than that for some.
Not for most, certainly.
Most are barely alive.
But the question is...
They know nothing of life.
A disease of what body?
Of what being?
Of what?
Well, that's true.
I see a Dr. Howell's point.
I doubt it.
Dr. Howell is saying that you can't really have a disease without...
You can't really have a disease without a body in which to...
For the disease to inhabit.
To inculcate a breed disease.
And so it's not the disease...
Well, maybe if you think, ascribed to the...
The body is nothing more than a vehicle for the DNA to move it.
Right.
The DNA is not the one that moves it.
It's the DNA that moves it chronologically forward in time.
Yeah, but that's not just true of your DNA.
It's true of the DNA of all your E. coli.
And all those eyelash worms.
And everything that lives between your teeth.
Every DNA molecule.
It's true.
Those things, those crawling things in your crotch.
Every DNA molecule that's able to replicate itself in time.
Forward in time.
Yeah, that's real cosmic.
That's what it is, there it is.
That's a seventh biology 101.
You're just a gelatinous bag that's going to be able to go into the universe and go





back to the universe.
You're just a bag, man.
You're just a gelatin filled bag of fluid.
Squashing bags of unfulfilled appetite.
Squashing bags of unfulfilled appetite.

Why do you think they call him Doug?
Squirming bags of unfulfilled appetite.
You're just a host for your DNA.
Didn't you know that?
Oh, yes.
You're just a worthless husk.
Yes, yes.
Who's no more than a host for your DNA.
You can say you are a host.
You are a husk.
But why do you say you're just a husk?
Why do you say you're a worthless husk?
Without the husk, the germplasm itself, the sacred treasure, could not be transported.
You're just a worthless husk.
Must we be eternally unsatisfied with our lot in life?
Can we not embrace the actual...
Can't we just enjoy it for a second, right?
Yes, and manage to extract each little drop of slack that might be present?
Dr. Howe, that is the profound...
That almost sounds like a segue to an ending.
Only then can we cast the desiccated carcass away.
Having...
supped its slack from its formerly beating heart.
Anyway, that's the way I see it.
Oh, it is rather late.
I wonder if I should begin the entire outro.
Yes, our outro is complicated and well-known among certain circles, yes.
This outro is often heard at the end of our shows.
Yes, yes, yes.
This is it. It's happening right now.
Yes, we're about to end the Ask Dr. Howe show.
A lengthy process that has its stages, has its events,
like the going out of a human life, like a death itself.
It has its rallyings, but always subsides
and ultimately gives over to the...
Earthy horror.
The inhuman indignity of Robo DJ.
He sure got a part of math down here.
Yeah, Robo DJ will play, but only after I end the show as I see fit.
But I just thought you might want to know that I'm bringing it to a close now.
Yeah, that's what I'm doing.
We are honored to have been in these...
Yes, we are indeed.
No, no, pray tell, the honor is mine.
Valencia, Radio Valencia.
Valencia, and this show specifically.
Well, I'm glad you sought fit to...
Ask Dr. Howe in particular.
...visit our little rinky-dink two-bit radio station.
Will you be here in a week?
I will not, but he will.
But he won't be here, because I won't be here.
I'll be putting in a rerun, I think.
I'm going to have to be down in Santa Ana, California
at the premiere of the Cacophony movie, Into the Zone.
To get there, I will take a bus trip with a bunch of...
...roguish rapscallions, such as myself,
thirsting for life and liberty.
And also, I and my confreres intend to stay
at an incredibly horrible fleabag hotel,
which is not even near the theater where the movie will be premiered
and the stage show performed,
but does have a burn barrel in the parking lot.
And we need a burn barrel in the parking lot.
It could be said that the Cacophony Society,
having...
...pranked so many for so long,
was now about to perform the ultimate prank on itself.
Them cacophonites have been around about near as long as the sub-demuses.
It's true, they have, and they've been linked in a way,
doing their own thing.
They've got a lot in common.
They've got a lot of them multi-penis fellers
and them one-nutted fellers.
Well, a variety, the spice of life, wouldn't you say?
I wouldn't know anything about that personally.
All these body types.
Haven't we all had to have some sort of augmentation to pass for humans?
I've had a bunch of stuff removed here, oh yeah.
Well, then you understand the dilemma.
We must walk among them.
You want to see this one back here?
We must appear...
Where they took my tails off?
...like them.
Oh, my God.



Oh, God, they didn't do that until I was 14 years old.
I can feel every stroke of that saw.
I'm sorry to cause you to feel these terrible things once more.
But in Dobstown, all sins will be forgotten and forgiven.
Took six weeks to unwind that worm out of my leg.
Ah, but that worm was very gratified to have had such genial a host.
You did the pencil trick where you...
You know what, though?
When that thing was all wound up, yeah, we wound it up on a caduceus,
and then we cooked it and ate it.
Well, from great Mercury.
I got most of it.
Mercury carries that thing.
They say that's what that symbol is based on, the guinea worm,
which has to be rolled up on a stick as it emerges from the leg.
Foolish, the sacred serpents of Aesculapius.
We know that that's what they are.
But parasitologists do like to tell that repulsive worm story.
And who knows?
Maybe it is true.
Somewhere in the...
In the labyrinth of the past,
possibly more than one explanation is actually equally valid.
Well, it could be Bob just had him a big old stick with two rattlesnakes stuck to it
that he'd hit people with.
Right.
And hope it'd bite him.
That's because it was written in the Book of Fate.
Bob and his rattlesnake stick.
But here's something...
That was when he was pharaoh of Texas in 80,000 B.C.
The bearer of the caduceus is...
Texas was where Atlantis was based off.
The son of Maya.
That's the first country.
Hermes or Mercury.
First language.
And the Roman religion.
But...
Rome is like a baby compared to Atlantis, which is Texas.
Why do you see Apollo carrying the caduceus then?
That is because this is a horrible mistake perpetuated by the U.S. Army Signal Corps,
which in 1941, when it had to draw that symbol,
drew Apollo holding the caduceus and not Mercury.
As in sculptures by Giovanni de Bologna and other Renaissance prodigies,
news of this incredible development is flashing around the world.
Coming in from all countries.
He's like a combination of Wikipedia and Fox News tone news.
Also in the news, giant luminous jellyfish are scaring people in Soviet Russia,
in former Soviet Russia, that is, and in the American heartland.
And...
Newsreels.
A sad tale of a lost doggy and his tragic finish.
But secretly, behind these other things, an ancient curse from England has settled over the land.
I can't get my pipe lit, no matter how I try.
It's as if a ghost blows it out every time.
It's a curse.
It's a curse on the village.
On the whole world.
And when you...
On the whole land.
Make sure you cover your yap, or else the ghost will fly in there.
I've filled this zippo a hundred times, and it won't light.
I can't get the pipe lit.
It's my magic lucky charm.
It's an evil miracle, I tell you.
Hey.
Keep your hands off me lucky charms.
It's a conspiracy of witches.
Yes, yes, the witches are at it again.
And so here we are in merry old England,
going down a traditional England lane to interview our first likely suspect,
uh, she's been accused by the neighbors of witchcraft before.
And I think her trial, uh, torture, and execution will be of great interest to viewers of Scanorama.
So let's turn into this, uh, quaint old lane.
Everything they say is a lie.
My aromatherapy medicines is just as useful as their doctor's stuff and all their x-rays and everything.
He says that my special scent number 12 will bring instant love.
How now, thou foul beldame, thou hast convicted thyself out of thine own impure mouth.
I'm a wiccan.
Oh, well, she just said it.
She's a witch.
She's a wiccan witch.
The only medicine I could find on the shelf at Walgreens was all homeopathic.
Oh, well, my homies like that kind of stuff.
Really?
For this particular, I was looking for stye medicine.
Time to relax.
Pick off the shoes.
Can't buy stye medicine without a prescription anymore.
Settle back in the easy chair.
I can't buy stye medicine without a prescription anymore.
I can't buy stye medicine without a prescription anymore.


The easy life.
So you can buy five different types.
Quinine is the same way.
You can only buy homeopathic.
Ah, this is living, I gotta tell you.
What is going on here?
Well, it's...
And yet to hear the natural healer people, the conspiracy's all like, oh, big pharmaceuticals.
Natural ward healers.
They're not going to allow them to sell vitamin C anymore.
It'll be like cocaine.
People have to buy it from cartels and snort it.
People buy cocaine.
That's what I do with it.
I snort it.
People buy vitamin C.
They grind it up and snort it.
Yeah, they're buying it.
Vitamin C.
Vitamins will be like, they have to shoot them up.
Like, uh...
People watch these videos teaching people how to crack sace.
I forgot about cracking sace.
You're cracking safes, you say?
No, cracking sace.
People watching videos become criminals on TV by watching TV learn how to crack sace just by watching a movie.
Thought crime.
Yes, it doesn't matter whether or not you're a criminal.
They do it.
If they possess the ability to commit criminal acts.
I watched that movie four or five times.
I learned how to crack sace.
Is that so?
I can crack a sace in about five minutes now from watching a movie.
I watched the movie about 12 times.
Well, don't worry, because soon you will be in the kingdom of Morpheus, asleep.
I'll be basking.
I'll be sucking on...
Morpheus's nipple.
You'll be snoozing under a thick, warm coverlet in perfect tranquility,
your head sunk into a down-stuffed pillow.
I'm gonna be...
Experiencing...
I'm gonna be on Morpheus's bosom, crawling over towards the...
Deep sleep.
The milk of Morpheus is ambient.
Calm, restful sleep.
Generic name, Solpidem.
Morpheus will be throwing sand in my eyes while I'm down there trying to nuzzle on his big old nipple.
Sleep.















Nipple dispensers.
Neproba make.
Yes, well, um...
Morpheus's mammograms.
Mammie, mammie, mammary glands.
Mammie, mammie, mammie.
Well, uh...
Mammary grams.
Yes, a mammary gram to me.
My past, also.
I have received a flash.
But, uh, so it is.
Memory can handle these things.
I guess we have to go now. It's like almost one.
It's about time...
to end...
to end our broadcast day.
Yes, that's right.
It is the beginning...
of the end of the Ask Dr. Hal show.
We are about to cease.
30 minutes to pass.
Yes, to cease and desist.
Yeah, we were ending 30 minutes ago.
To stop, uh, completely.
That was just the trailer to the beginning.
That is to say, desist.
That was the trailer to the beginning.
And no more be heard on the radio.
Simply to be a memory.
And that so easily jostled out of place by the blare...

blarings of Robo DJ, our inevitable successor.
Robo DJ is a service provided by RadioValencia.fm
and set up by RadioValencia's own trade, Mark Gunderson.
These selections are artificially programmed to provide the imitation,
or simulacrum, of a radio station,
even when no disc jockey, or DJ...
Nobody's in control.
...is physically present.
They're out of control!
And now you see in this file footage the light slanting through the trees
and, uh, ducks in this scratchy film,
bobbing on a lake because...
Hey, that's not an American flag superimposed over that.
What is that?
No, that's, uh, just a light effect.
That's a communist hammer and sickle thing.
Now, come on, come on.
We're just trying to do our standard outro.
And so, on behalf of the staff and management of the, uh, radio station,
the, uh, management of the, uh, building,
the location of the radio station,
which has to remain secret from the time being,
and the people who will eventually start the transmitter up again,
wherever it may be,
so that this is real radio and not simply a podcast,
into the hands of the almighty spirit,
we place these things.
And, uh...
On behalf of the Ask Dr. Hal show,
live on radio,
we wish you a profound good night and good morning.
Thank you very much for listening.

Thank you.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
Bye.

Bye.










Bye.




Bye.
Bye.
 BF-WATCH TV 2021
