The Self-Genius Power of Slack
I don't care. I don't care!
Bob?
Well, dear friends, we're live on location in the studio again, in Amsterdam.
And specifically, a lot of this show tonight, Hour of Slack number 975,
is taken from Radio Patepeu in Amsterdam,
a show done on Lord Yeti's show, done on November 23rd, 2004.
And we'll also hear some National Cynical Network material from Phineas Narco,
plus live recordings from the anti-American ranting,
and the defivals in London, Amsterdam, and Hamburg,
with Pope David Lee Black, Pope Mickey Finn, and others.
Friends, we're also soaking in the wondrous collages of Mr. Fernandin and Elie Mer,
and we've got some old KPFA Self-Genius show recordings, this time with lies.
But first, Radio Patepeu.
You know, more people are killed by hippos every year than by car crashes.
You probably didn't know that, but it's a strange fact.
And more people are actually abducted by UFOs than are killed in airplane crashes.
That's a scientific fact.
Another factoid brought to you by the Church of the Self-Genius.
Yes, I'm afraid that's the religious broadcast you're hearing this time.
I guess it could have been some fancier church.
Oh yeah, there's fancier.
I've noticed some of these old-fashioned churches around here have nice big buildings.
Yes, they have some fancy buildings.
The cathedrals, some of them are hundreds of years old.
And we subgeniuses, what do we have?
The public trash can behind the McDonald's.
But my friends, we'll preach on,
from that public trash can behind the McDonald's.
Giant trash can.
That is our temporary home here in Amsterdam.
We'll preach that we'll slap.
Because we don't need this fancy.
We don't need money for slack, no.
We need money to prove to Bob that we love him so that he won't punish us.
So, we ask you to give.
Give of your slack.
For now, that's all you have to do.
Give till it hurts.
Give till it hurts.
And that's a sexual act.
That's a sexual feeling, you know, when you let that money slide out of your hand.
It's like when you really let go, baby.
That's right.
Bob said,
Spend your money.
You do not buy from Bob.
Spend on Bob.
Splurge, splurge, splurge.
Spend on Bob.
Spend on Bob.
That's a romantic bit.
For the lovers out there.
In the prairies.
If there are any prairie squid lovers.
I understand that there's, the government is trying to make laws against the love of
land squid or land mollusk of any kind.
Even in a famously liberal Holland.
It's an interesting thing to see.



We hear talk of bestiality being outlawed.
I just can't believe what this world is coming to.
To be an American and hear Germans saying,
we're very worried about fascism in America.
So you think you're worried, buddy.
Three weeks ago, what was it, just two weeks ago,
they had that election, and we immediately left the country.
It's that simple.
They had the election, we woke up the next day,
Bush won, just as I thought, just as Bob predicted.
He said, Bob said, it's going to be a bummer, man.
He said that a long time ago, Bob did,
and that prophecy rings so true today.
That's by this, by these stripes, we know Bob is right.
He said, quote, it's going to be a bummer, man, unquote.
Now tell me that it did not come true.
Yeah, I'll show you a miracle.
If you don't believe that's real, then that's a miracle.
Really, what is the government's role?
You've told me several times what it shouldn't do.
How about national defense?
Yeah, I consider this national defense, pal.
Our families are under attack from people like you with these lyrics.
John, you don't have to buy them.
Mr. Zavala.
Could I make a statement about national defense?
Yeah.
The biggest threat to America today is not communism.
It's moving America toward a fascist theocracy.
Yeah.
Yeah.









Everything that's happened during the Reagan administration is steering us right down that pipe.
Oh, Mr. Zavala, do you really think?
I mean, all kidding aside, in this country,
with the permissiveness that we are moving toward a fascist theocracy, anything goes.
You bet we are.
I mean, do you think things like this would ever have been permitted?
Give me that famous smile again.
When we were kids, you're about my age.
I'm 45.
Well, I'm 55.
Do you think when I was a kid that they would permit songs like that,
to be sold?
I mean, permissiveness is the game.
I mean, you're not really serious if you're saying we're going toward a fascist theocracy.
That's right, we are.
Wait a minute.
In what way?
Give me one example.
Wait, wait, wait.
One example.
One example of a fascist theocracy.
When you have a government that prefers a certain moral code derived from a certain religion,
and that moral code turns into legislation to suit one certain religious point of view,
and if that code happens,
and that code happens to be very, very right-wing,
almost toward the till of the Hun...
Well, then you are an anarchist.
Every form of civil government is based on some kind of morality, Frank.
Morality in terms of behavior, not in terms of theology.
Well, of course.
But look, I mean, I couldn't believe in your hearing.
John, John, you're hurting me.
Okay, wait a minute, gentlemen.
We have to take a break now.
From PR News in Washington, I'm planning to attack people who've charged sexual abuse
by Iraq's interim prime minister, Ayad Alawi,
during the 9-11 attack.
The 9-11 terrorist attacks combined with a further attack on 500 healthy people
looking for three Iraqis who were allegedly planning to attack New York City's police commissioner
in Dad Bag, indicating that more people looking for radioactive wastes actually found PR News.
Mr. President, Congress can't afford to be threatened.
The United States, in its formative years, never chose the free access of information of their citizenry.
The founding fathers of this great nation of ours knew the value of repressive measures,
such as the censorship of published materials to protect the government from their citizens.
As Jefferson once commented,
when the people know only what the government wants them to know, all is safe.
Let me be clear if I can here.
The legislation that I've submitted today for inclusion in the record isn't about protecting freedom of press.
Instead, Mr. President, this legislation is used as a tool for propaganda,
whereby nothing could get published without the government's consent.
It's a war, really. It's a slow-motion war between the humans and the subgeniuses.
And we admit, inventing the humans 80 million years ago in fabled Mutantis was our worst mistake.
And now they outnumber us zillions to one.
And we're forced to disguise our beautiful religion as a joke.
Oh yeah, people say, oh I've heard it, Bob, praise Bob, church is subgenius.
That's a real funny joke.
Well, is it any bigger a joke than the headlines in today's newspaper?
Is it a funnier joke than your life?
No, the conspiracy is bigger than Republicans and Democrats or whatever.
It's an attitude, simply. It's the attitude of distrust.
And they're not clever. They don't even know that it's a conspiracy.
They're...
And yet, these cow-like, sheep-like followers, yet they can destroy the world!
So Bob has come along to make sure that the world is destroyed properly,
and not in some silly, useless manner.
Friends, the humans, they have bad words for us.
So, you know, they call us names, bad names, Bobbies and so forth.
We have even more words for them.
The Pink Boys, the Barbies and Kins, the Mediocratons, the Cage Dwellers, and so forth.
Friends, what they are is false prophets.
Sheep in wolves' clothing, as they say.
And consequently, we find this world that seems like it's all going to hell in a handbasket.
With overpopulation, cancer everywhere, diseases, poisons, class war, and so forth.
And you think how bad it is in the news and the media.
Think what they're not telling you!
And that's where the wonderful prophecies of Bob come in.
Friends, the worst part of the conspiracy is that they make you actually want to work.
Now, some of our rival cults insist that things like this,
like pornography, are destroying the family.
BOOM!
Friends, I'll tell you what is destroying the family.
It's 9 to 5 jobs!
Where dad has to get up, and mom, and get up in the morning,
kiss their kid hello and goodbye, and go off to work.
The kid is sent to some school to watch a scarecrow for a while.
And then they come home and kiss the kid good hello and goodnight, and that's it!
And that's jobs that are destroying the family!
Friends, not pornography!
BOOM!
Bob says stop working and get back to wanking!
BOOM!
But you know, we all say, well, I'm free!
You don't have to preach here preaching to the saved, Reverend Stang.
I know all about the conspiracy.
Otherwise, I wouldn't be here.
Why, I don't, there's no conspiracy.
I don't have one of those jobs.
I'm an art bum.
You know, I kind of gob by on life.
But friends, you must never forget the conspiracy is always,
you can forget them.
But they won't forget you.
No, sir.
They're always, they get in your head!
You, we all have it, the conspiracy inside of our heads.
That's the part we have.
We hate that hate.
You know, we're full of hate.
And hate is a wonderful motivator.
If you hate enough, you can really love Bob.
In fact, you know, we're not so different from most religions.
It's not that people love Bob or Jesus or Muhammad all that much.
It's that they love the idea of everyone else burning in hell!
Ah, yes!
You know, that us versus them thing.
And J.R. Bob Dobbs, a wise, mindless, automatic spouting fellow that he is,
recognized that fact.
He was, he realized that if you act like a dumb shit,
they'll treat you as an equal.
Woo!
And so we, in our, we, you know, people come to me and they say,
Reverend Stang, how should I fight the conspiracy?
Oh, I hate that, uh, boss.
I hate my parents.
They're assholes.
I hate the president.
I hate the premier.
I hate the queen.
Whatever.
Uh, friends, you can't beat the conspiracy.
There's millions of them.
You can only make yourself stronger.
The conspiracy has, between all of them,
they have at least 100,000 nuclear weapons.
And the Church of the Subgenius?
We've only got five.
And we don't even know where one of them is.
Disneyland, maybe.
It's, uh, we'll, we'll find out.
But yet we dare to fight them anyway!
That's because we know it's always the lost causes
are the only ones worth fighting for,
as Jimmy Stewart said in one of those old Hollywood movies.
Excuse me.
What?
Money is to burn.
Oh, no, not again!
And theatergoers and audience alike said money was to burn.
Rated PG.
Now it's time for the Poot Awardees from the Subgenius.
Johnny Horizon, get involved with America.
We have some questions we'd like you to think about
as you sleep through the show.
Why didn't JFK have time to draw his own gun?
Where did Jackie hide her weapon?
Why didn't Connelly stay out of the way like he was supposed to?
How many gunmen were there?
And how many Oswalds?
Well, I don't know if we'll ever know.
How many Oswald doubles are still alive?
And where do they live?
Frankly, I don't know if the American public is interested in this.
Where was the assassination really filmed?
And who played the part of the actor president?
I think they'll all be anxious to get back to their television programs.
Is Paul dead?
September 12th, 1964.
Yeah, that was Pearl Harbor Day.
Yeah, well, read my lips, damn it.
Well, it's kind of hard to do.
This is radio.
Maybe you could put your lips to your radio a little bit closer.
Well, then I might see a thousand points of light, though.
Maybe you should put your lips to the back of your radio.
Yeah, right to the cord, that cord that leads out of it.
That's it.

That's fake blue lettering on your lips.
It's hard to read.
And it's an imposition on the American public to try to ask us to read that fake tattooing
on your lips, even if it is lit up by a thousand points of light.
Thank you very much.
That's a thousand pints of light.
And the thousand pints or quarts of AIDS-contaminated blood washed up on an Atlantic beach the other
day, causing a bleaching of the beach and a corralling of the car.
Yes, a naval station was full of lint and had to be cleaned, according to some sources
present at the site.
Yes, who could ever forget that terrible Pearl Harbor Day when President Bush shot President
Quayle in a fight to the finish for the championship title of President of the United States.
Tell us if you think that you'd like to be in the 60s again.
We can probably arrange that before the end of the show.
Obviously, we've never left the 60s here at the show.
I'm scared by whatever's happening here.
Our distinctive ax marks of the immortal Brazilian rubber planters are in such short supply that
an advance application in your name is already reserved for you.
To protect your investment, none will be made.
Yeah, just a call at 848-445.
Registered with the Department of Motor Vehicles.
Perfect.
A dazzling proposition.
We will sue you.
You will agree.
If you do not, we're a 560-piece company.

The opening date will be on September 5th.
Bill and Audrey Skinner's audiburgh caramel work which is available every year during

Bill and Audrey Skinner's edition of The Planet of Belguld.
For Bob and Davidท skalos, on the Tr 만든 Musical сокian es encont planteinデف bullied
staffing her family at the United States Embassy in March 2015.
...assassination with a video camera...
Barba, if somebody wants to shoot me from a dirigible with a bazooka,
nobody can stop it, so why worry about it?
What on earth is he talking about?
I don't... I don't... I don't understand.
Neither do I.
By the way, what are... what are they saying about me?
This is a little song I wrote.
You might want to sing it note for note.
Don't worry.
Be happy.
In every life we have some trouble.
When you worry, you make it double.
Don't worry.
Be happy.
Don't worry. Be happy now.
Don't worry.
Be happy.
Don't worry. Be happy.
Don't worry.
Be happy.
Don't worry. Be happy.
Ain't got no place to lay your head.
Somebody came and took your bed.
Don't worry.
Be happy.
The landlord say your rent is late.
He may have to litigate.
Don't worry.
Be happy.
Look at me, I'm happy.
Don't worry.
Be happy.
I'll give you my phone number.
When you worry, call me and I'll make you happy.
Don't worry.
Be happy.
Ain't got no cash.
Ain't got no style.
Ain't got no girl to make you smile.
Don't worry.
Be happy.
When you worry, your face will frown.
That will bring everybody down.
So don't worry.
Be happy.
Don't worry. Be happy now.
Don't worry.
Don't worry. Be happy.
Don't worry. Be happy.


Don't worry. Be happy.

Don't worry.
Ooh.
Be happy.
Ooh.
Don't worry. Be happy.
Now there.
This song I wrote.
I hope you learned this note by note.
Don't worry.
Be happy.
Listen to what I say.
When your life makes some trouble.
When you worry, you make it double.
Don't worry.
Be happy.
Be happy now.
Don't worry.
Be happy.
Don't worry.
I am not the one you seek.
I am merely here to prepare the way
for the one who comes after me.
Ladies and gentlemen, may I present to you
the second luckiest man alive.
The head
of the subgenius Olympic doping committee.
The president
of Eurobikers for Bob.
The ex-pope of all Europe.
Altar boy.
David Lee Black.
Now friends, I was going to put on
this uniform
and I was going to perform as pope like
tonight, but no.
No, never again.
I have cast off these shackles
of anti-slack.
I am no longer the pope of all Europe.
I am the altar boy
of all Europe.
Yes, my
friends, instead of
barking orders and telling people
what to do and dressing up
in a funny suit and even wearing
sunglasses on stage.
No, now
I have to be irresponsible
and let everybody else yell at me.
That's right, my
friends. I want to thank
all of you for busting
me down to
the position of altar boy
of all Europe.
But I would rather be the altar boy
of all Europe than the fucking president
of the United States.
Yay!
And I challenge that motherfucker
to cocaine and beer drinking
each time of the day he wants to do it
because I can, even as altar boy,
drink more and do more coke
than he can.
Oh, he does a lot of coke.
Now,
I was sick of
all day long trying to think
about what I was going to preach about
tonight.
And in classic
form, instead
of thinking up something profound,
thinking up something
what am I going to teach him?
I found wisdom in the most
strange of
places, my friends. Just like
all other sub-genius preachers, we don't
find our
highest wisdom in the Bible,
the Koran, or
philosophy books.
No, my friends, we find it in
comic books
and packs of
cigarettes. That's right.
I found this empty pack
of cigarettes on the table
and I was looking at it
and trying to translate what
it said on the front of the package
and
in my broken Dutch,
I'll need some help from the Dutch
speakers in here.
And I know this is going to sound
like some stupid American,
but roking is
dothlik.
Okay? Now,
I believe that means, correct me
if I'm wrong, smoking
is deadly.
Is that correct?
Well, my friends, it ain't as
deadly as your non-belief
is Bob!
That's right, my friends.
The conspiracy wants you to believe
that cigarette smoking is dead.
It's deadly, but it's not nearly
as deadly as if you don't pay it up
to Bob Dobbs.
Do I hear a praise Bob?
Do I hear a praise Bob?
Now, the conspiracy
out of this packet of cigarettes,
which probably will
give you cancer if you smoke it too long
because it is a conspiracy drug
and
the conspiracy taxes you pay
on the cigarettes are going to
fight some unholy war
in a place where they are
killing people. You're right!
Smoking
is deadly.
But the
conspiracy is deadly.
And it is even more
deadly not
to believe and pay your
$30 to Bob.
Because the Church of the Subgenius
is the only religion in the world to offer
eternal salvation
for $30 or
triple your money back.
Do I hear a praise Bob?
Now,
Brother Stang, who is not much of a
drinker, but me I am,
did not offer up
the Holy Communion tonight.
And I would like everybody to put their glasses up
to their lips and drink
in this sacred moment of Holy
Communion.
Now that you got that out of the way,
get your wallet off.
Pay Bob!
John foods

things
Jason
promises
a
present
to



one
pizza


Mr C

can

is real it has not been edited or enhanced
by the
cur 밀
corxter
but
PS4
PS5
PS5
PS5
PS5
The biggest threat to America today is not communism.
It's moving America toward a fascist theocracy.
And everything that's happened during the Reagan administration is steering us right down that pipe.
You're not really serious if you're saying we're going toward a fascist theocracy.
That's right, we are.
Wait a minute.
Give me one example.
Wait, wait, wait.
One example of a fascist theocracy.
When you have a government that prefers a certain moral code derived from a certain religion,
and that moral code turns into legislation to suit one certain religious point of view,
and if that code happens to be very, very right-wing, almost total the hunt,
then you are an anarchist.
Then you are an anarchist.
Then you are an anarchist.
Then you are an anarchist.
Then you are an anarchist.
Then you are an anarchist.
Then there's a state ofיל
thatleh Paramā auction.
I
Let us be thankful we have an occupation.
Work on.
Increase production.
Prevent accidents.
And be happy.
Work on.
Increase production.
Prevent accidents.
And be happy.
And be happy.
And be happy.
And be happy.
And be happy.
And be happy.
And be happy.
And be happy.
And be happy.
And be happy.
And be happy.
And be happy.
And be happy.
bizarre little racist image of that strange little black
fellow that would so anger almost any people of any other country for its
strange stereotypical
those christmas lights recently almost killed somebody
nice bob yeah i mean they'd be like sitting around nothing happened all of a
sudden like we heard like crushing sound outside and these christmas
lights and the conference was kind of crashing down
and this guy was just walking down and he's like
you see he fell down just behind him funny thing was he didn't winch
whatsoever
looked at the crushed down lights turned around again and walked on
no sense crying over spilt milk friends there's a mystery every second
you can face it with wonder and questioning or you can be like that for
you can face it with wonder and questioning or you can be like that for
you can face it with wonder and questioning or you can be like that for
pink stoner who didn't even pink stoner who didn't even
pink stoner who didn't even couldn't even react to a bizarre situation
couldn't even react to a bizarre situation
couldn't even react to a bizarre situation which will it be which are you
which will it be which are you
which will it be which are you well it's up to you to make that choice

well it's up to you to make that choice you don't have to make it tonight but it

you don't have to make it tonight but it would help
would help
would help it would it would help you to flush

it would it would help you to flush your mind like one of these
your mind like one of these
Of course they got these normal water toilets where they do your thing and it just falls into the little...
If you're lucky.
If you're lucky, of course, that sticks to the ball.
But he was so used to Dutch toilets, he didn't want to go to a toilet where actually the water would just plop up and kiss you, you know, the kiss of Neptune.
So he'd been like going through the hotel, every room, room after room, looking for one of those Dutch toilets, Dutch toilets with one of those little plateaus.
He couldn't find one. And finally he filled up the entire toilet with toilet paper and did what he had to do and thus didn't get the kiss of Neptune.
But he did manage to clog the toilet considerably. It proceeded to flood.
And...
The entire hotel room afterwards flooded. So that was quite interesting.
But yeah, there you go. That's Dutch logic for you, I guess.
Well, so it turns out those shelves were actually for a much more modern and forward-thinking reason than we had ever...
The Germans or the British had told us. British told us.
Yeah, yeah, that was told to us.
Rather than...
Something so sensible and common sense, you know.
That would be cause for war for some countries.
Oh yeah.
Lilliput and Broadbeakneag went to war for... Of course Broadbeakneag, they stomped Lilliput.
But they went to war over smaller things than toilets.
It's toilet paper that's important.
The paper itself, ultimately.
Yeah.
That's where you draw the line between a civilized land and true barbarism.
When they used the waxed paper coated with a sort of a sheath of razor blades, that is barbarism.
When you use a goose neck of a live goose, that is truly a trained live goose.
Yeah.
Or you find these sheets of tree bark.
As in some countries.
Right?
You're looking puzzled, no?
Uh-huh.
You don't know what...
In Texas, that's what we use in Texas.
What, tree bark?
Yeah.
I'm from Texas where George Bush came from.
I can tell you that that's what George Bush uses for toilet paper, tree bark.
Do you guys have trees in Texas?
Yes.
I think they only have oil.
They're covered...
No, they're...
Actually, they're called cactus.
They're not very tall trees generally, but they're covered with very sharp spines.
Long spines, like hat pins.
And those are what a Texan uses to wipe, to clean his or herself after extra meditation.
So, the stories you've heard are true.
Yeah.
It's all desert, horses, horse shit.
Cowboys.
Cowboys, yeah.
Cowboys, horses.
As you can tell by the way I look with my cowboy hat, my cowboy boots.
Chaps.
And a bit of warthogs on your head.
Six gun.
Six gun.
And, yeah, that's it.
All the stories you've heard are true.
Actually, it's so sad.
And honestly, I recently drove through my old hometown in Texas.
And it was...
It still looked fairly nice and traditional.
But at the end of the block, there was a McDonald's.

And next is a Starbucks.
I thought that was pretty bad.
Then we came to here, to Europe.
We go to a little town, traditional town in Germany, Lüneburg.
Like, it was so old-fashioned and traditional looking, and these ancient buildings.
So, it's marvelous, too, that we who live in New World land.
It was like a special Epcot Center theme park, Germany land exhibit, marred at the end of
the street by the sight of that ever-present McDonald's.
And a Starbucks.
And a Woolworths.
And the same here.
The same everywhere.
The same in downtown Baghdad.
The same in Nairobi.
The same in the city of New York.





The same everywhere you go.
The smiling face of the pink boy, Ronald McDonald, supplants the grinning, insane visage of Bob
everywhere we go.
The devil owns this world, my friends.
The devil is in Ronald McDonald.
The devil is in Starbucks.
The devil is in Woolworths.
He thinks Satan's not real.
Well, he may not be real the way you're thinking.
He's like some red-skinned monster with horns.
He's a fat bitch.
He's a businessman in a necktie.
That necktie is like a handcuff around his head.
That's how Satan keeps a leech and a wristwatch.
That's his handcuff.
It's mind control.
Satan's got you mind controlled.
You've got to resist Satan, my friend.
Didn't Satan in the…
Only in McDonald's every now and then on special occasions.
Didn't he do something about sin?
I mean, doesn't the church have such genius…
I mean, I don't know.
I don't know.











Do you like sin?
Satan is competition for Bob, you see.
We're trying to tempt sinners away from the devil long enough to get their money, and
then they can go on to whatever other god or demon or new age crystal or flying saucer
riding wiseacre hobbit man.
We don't care what.
They can do whatever they want.
Whatever gives you the chance.

slack baby get you some slack
put your hands up if you believe in Bob
put your hands up if you hate Bob now wait a minute this is fucked up now for
every one of you who are talking while I'm preaching none of you raise your
hands and for every one of you who are listening to what I'm saying you raise
your hands twice now that's fucked up those are the true believers in Bob
go here and praise Bob go here and praise Bob
you know it amazes me that Hitler is standing neck deep in the come of his
wife
wildest wettest dreams in hell as George Bush builds playgrounds for Iraqi
children out of spent out tanks and spent uranium munitions
and the most of you do not care
why don't you care because you are part of the conspiracy
conspiracy
conspiracy that we've been talking about all evening the conspiracy that
you're a part of now because you are not listening to the word of Bob
now most of you are sitting chatting about your own pathetic little personal
problems your pathetic little lives your unenlightened little selves your
useless selves like me ever lived your とらんせ Dancing

because you care about nothing else other than the little tiny world
other than the little tiny world around you but I want to bust your bubble right
and tell you that there's a great big UNIVERSE out there big bigger than you
it's got more dots on its face than you do and my friends as you're sit conversing in your little
and my friends as you're sit conversing in your little


about your pathetic little lives.
Aliens are setting up in space
and they are watching our television shows.
They are listening to our radio shows
and they are listening to me right now as I speak.
George Bush Jr. has drawn a line in the sand in Iraq
and either you are a terrorist
or you're going to get off the planet with the rest of us believers.
From PR News in Washington,
I'm sentenced to three years in prison
for the killing of a severely wounded Democratic candidate
from Orlando, Florida this weekend.
In his week radio address today,
President Bush claimed he killed the 16-year-old boy
to put him out of his misery.
The president was a victim of PR News.
Yasser Arafat was pronounced fit for bankruptcy
in Washington.
Doctors in Vienna say there are questions
about withdrawing from Vienna.
For PR News, I'm swollen and pockmarked in Vienna.
You're on the air.
Take over a gas station and seize one gas station attendant.
He's threatening to maybe like destroy something
or wear his clothing in a menial manner
and inspect the government of Iraq
to pinch George Bush
and send home him, her, him, he and everyone.
The burning bush.
I mean, I wish it could be done.
But I can't hear anything.
I can't hear anything.
Sounds like it.
The voice is somewhat familiar.
Yeah, that's, that's Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
He's an enemy of the state.
In the other world.
He's an enemy of the state.
He's actually somewhere in the same house with me,
but I don't know where.
And it's causing really weird scenarios.
Inside the house.
This is Bill.
Bill of Stangula,
where they're planning a lot of these para-rists
or para-nista raids on various gas stations around town.
And we have a war room in the basement.
It looks like a ping-pong table,
but in reality,
it's got the future of the world
written out like a map.
Isn't that the shuffleboard thing
where you move tanks and stuff around and saucers?
Well, we have those metal tanks.
Those are full of the compressed souls
of the subgenius members,
including you, St. Bucky.
Oh, great.
Somewhere down there.

One of those.
One of those blue canisters has your soul in it.
There's a little piece of Bucky in Stang's basement.
Yep.
There used to be one with mine in it,
but I lost a third of mine to G. Gordon Gordon
in some gambling thing,
and Bob took a third of it for I don't know what.
And of course, the lovely Princess Wee has the other third.
Yeah.
Right, right.
We're going to take another two.
It's a hard thing to lose your soul.
It's not to an object,
but what about losing your little concept?
You know, that's the easiest thing.
Mokou.
I agree.
Guys, listen.
Oye.
Oye.
No.
It's not the oye man.
Oye, como va?
Smoke, dope, and masturbate.
Fuma yerba y masturbate.
Fuma yerba.
Yeah, was that a PSA?
Yes, it was.
That was Dr. Sinister's medical advice.
Actually, if you listen to the show and you speak Swedish,
if you don't understand Swedish,
it actually says smoke, dope, and masturbate in Swedish
in the introduction sequence to this show.
But then here's the great thing about Bob.
The conspiracy does not understand it.
And because they don't understand slack,
they can't bottle it and sell it.
And as long as slack is free and private,
only to you, they can't win.
Woo!
That's the thing.
What?
You know, and yeah, sure, we may come off as kind of a cheesy joke at times,
but think about it.
What if my wonderful homeland of America,
or anywhere else in the world for that matter,
became, I'm not saying this has happened yet or anything,
but what if it became the kind of place
where you really couldn't speak your mind?
Where we kind of gradually lost some of our freedoms
and didn't even notice because it was so gradual.
Well, wouldn't a secret resistance group have to pose as something else?
Wouldn't it have to seem like maybe a joke
where they couldn't quite tell,
you couldn't quite tell if they were serious or not?
Look what they did to our predecessors, friends!
So the great thing about Bob is he cannot sell out.
Because he's not selling out.
He's already totally corrupt.
He could not be more corrupt.
And he's tamper-proof.
They don't know why he's smiling.
They can't understand him.
And he has a power that the posts of other religions envy.
Other posts, they're infallible.
They cannot fail.
Bob has the power to fail!
And every time he does, he makes a million dollars for himself,
not necessarily for his clients.
And as friends,
we can all be friends.
Yes, you know, it is, it does sound crazy.
But maybe, maybe, maybe it's just so crazy,
it just might work!
Well, we'll see.
It doesn't really matter, friends.
As I said, as long as slack is free, they cannot win.
And we may be broke, we may be drunks or neurotic or retards or whatever.
But yet, yet we can hate them!
Why?
Only for us.
For one reason.
Because we have Bob and they don't!
And for that, we can hate, hate, hate, hate, hate!
Until we finally achieve the pristine moment of hate squared.
Hate times hate.
You've hated the hate itself so thoroughly that you finally get slack.
And you know, you can't save the world and you can't give somebody else slack until you have slack.
Otherwise, it's just, you're just bullshitting.
You're just bullshitting yourself.
And you know, I used to get very frustrated because I'd run into these subgeniuses who were just embarrassing.
I mean, just, they were messed up.
They were nerds, geeks.
They thought they were funny, but they weren't.
Or, you know, it was just kind of embarrassing.
And I don't know if I could...
And then one day it finally sunk in.
That's what this is all about!
Duh!
Of course they're fucked up!
Because there really is a conspiracy of normal people stealing away the slack of the weirdos.
Of course they're fucked up!
And that is why Bob is their god!
Thank you so much, friends!
You know, we say, every X day, even though the aliens didn't arrive in 1998,
we wait for them every single year.
At 7 o'clock in the morning, July 5th, every year.
Because, friends, what are we waiting for, really?
Are we going to wait for some aliens to bring us freedom from the conspiracy?
That would be nuts!
But really, are we going to wait for some invisible monster who lives in the clouds
to grant us the freedom to have church in a bar on Saturday night instead of Sunday morning all dressed up?
Are we going to wait for some pipe-smoking charlatan sailor
to tell us what slack is?
No!
We make our own slack!
Here's the bad news.
The bad news is, Bob is not the answer.
The good news is, neither is anything else!
You must learn to think for yourself!
Only Bob can teach you how.
And you must question authority!
What? Why?
Or else.
I see somebody else is doing it.
But most important of all, my friends, the one rule.
You know, Bob said so many funny things.
Too much is always better than not enough.
Act like a damn shit and they'll treat you as an equal.
Repent, quit your job, and slack off while you still know how.
But the most important thing still is, friends,
fuck them if they can't take a job!
Please stop!
Please stop!
Please stop!
Please stop!
Please stop!
It is a swastika!
It is a seven-legged windbreaker!
It is a swastika-bomb!
This thing is holy!
And when I hold it up above your head,
they shall know the power of God!
God!
God!


Yes, dear friends, we're listening to the TUM orchestra
with Pope Black narrating in the foreground there.
Performing at the Hamburg Divival.
at the FUNDBØRO in November.
Yes, friends, and we've been hearing in the end here
a little bit more of Radio Patevu from Amsterdam.
You can get more information on Radio Patapo from www.freeteam.nl.
Friends, you're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry, hour of slack, number 975.
You can get more information about Bob and the Church of the Subgenius from Post Office Box.
You got that pencil ready, friend?
That would be Post Office Box 181417, Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Now, stop working and get back to wanking.
This silence was sponsored by Radio Patapo.
If you'd like to advertise in this space, please call 412-2969.
Well, in the church there are no uncomfortable silences.
We merely relish in our toes curling up and are wondering who's going to say something.
Slack.
The river.
Slack can go different ways, you know, as Hitler said to Philo that one time back when they were running buddies.
One man's bummer is another man's beautiful thing.
That one time back when they were running buddies.
Them was lean years, boy, them was lean years.
Sure, but there's no such thing as bad slack war, is there?
We're not suggesting that you go out and randomly kill people, but do bear in mind that slack...
Only if you're subgenius.
Exactly.
Be careful.
You gotta...
The thing is, since you can't tell, only Bob can tell.
So that means, are you really gonna try to decide for Bob?
No.
I think we better save your slashing till after Bob gets here.
You're gonna have to wait, just like everybody else, and curb your slashing proclivities.
Bob, you can't tell who's pink and who's...
For all you know, maybe you're the crazy pink boy.
Do you ever think of that now, Mr. Subgenius?
Know what I mean?
Crazy pink boy?
Maybe you're the crazy...
Crazy pink...
Not that subgenius church you're making fun of.
Do you ever think of that, do you?
Just give us a hell of a lot of me, I'll tell you.
But what do you mean?
You mean I paid my $30 and...
Yeah, that's enough.
I might not be one of them.
They might be taking me for a ride.
I ain't paying no $30, I'm just joking.
You better think about that, don't you?
I bet you those Heaven's Gate kids wish they'd thought that way before that.
I wish they...
I wish those Heaven's Gate kids went,
Bob, I wish I'd run the church and said to you...
And Jonestown.
They were the Jonestown...
Self-suicide.
They were all going,
Oh, I wish I'd joined that church if you said genius, then I had the chance.
Instead, I went and followed Jim Jones and his false Jesus Tommy thing.
Oh, why didn't I follow Bob?
Well, might as well take the cyanide.
I was Bob.
Hell's sake, whatever they said.
At least they can join us when they reincarnate.
They got all successful.
Yeah, they'll learn from this mistake.
I ain't done it in church.
Friend, you know, you're going to face the same decision as Heaven's Gate,
Jonestown,
and bless her heart before Branch Davidian's face.
You going to come out with your hands up, or are you going to stay in there?
Actually, I suggest you just do like us subgeniuses do.
Come out with your hands up and pray for a good lawyer.
Because they've got bigger guns.
And they've got a thousand nuclear weapons.
And you've only got one or two at the most, don't you?
Face facts.
Always know when you're outgunned.
Yeah.
And you've got to live and run away to live to fight another day.
Or run, as the case may be.
Some of us just keep running.
We never stop.
We never turn and fight the conspiracy because we're chicken.
There's nothing for you to be ashamed of if you're a subgenius.
That's what we call a pacifist.
We have nice work for it.
So why don't you just lay down your weapon, pick up your wallet, and send that money to Bob.
Just call this station, 412-2699.
Our prayer partners are on the phone.
Just waiting for your call.
Pray at home.
Pray at home.
