I'm wired friends, I'm wired.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to...
The Self Genius Hour of Swatch.
And what's really mouth watering...
Notice the feeling of spaciousness in the studio.
...nuclear substance.
How you can sense the depth and dimensions of the room.
That's the marvel of stellar.
Notice how the microphones are placed.
We have performed this operation successfully on animals 57 times.
This will be the first such procedure on a human being.
Now this is the only work I know that's boring and nerve-wracking at the same time.
Turn your radio on, turn your radio on.
Come and listen in to a radio show.
I'm going to sing this song.
Turn your radio on, turn your radio on.
Turn your TV on, turn your radio on.
I see people on the station.
Turn your radio on, you'll hear them walking around.
Turn your radio on.
Right.
Well, I mean, I'm certainly not tired of doing a show.
It's just...
Keep listening for your prize award of up to $10,000 cash or...
And so I was just going, heck, well, I'm going to do it.




Well, what am I doing here?
Um, I won't judge.
I'll just listen.
This isn't a radio show.
This is an exploration into mind control.
Quiet.
I'm in no mood for jokes.
From now on, we'll stay on the air continuously until this crisis is over.
We now resume our regularly scheduled program.
Thank you, babe.
I was so hoping this was just a tape.
And not really something that was coming over the air.
It's a tape, my dear friend.
It's a tape, all right.
A tape of the remainder of your life, seen in backwards fast forward,
as the radio demons permeate your inner ear.
A tape of Einstein's Secret Orchestra.
With guest conductor, the Reverend Ivan Stang at the baton.
Me, me, me, me, me, me.
You, you, you, you.
And the voodoo stick.
Yes, we have the voodoo stick.
It's, it's long and thick.
And it shakes and rattles and rolls.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Welcome to another Einstein's Secret Orchestra secret session.
Don't you wish we hadn't let you in on the secret?
Don't you wish you still didn't know about Einstein's Secret Orchestra?
But now it is too late.
And whatever it is that has begun has already begun.
Hello, everyone, and welcome once again to another thickening installment of ESO Radio Theatre starring as
Panaceum, Einstein's Secret Orchestra, under the flaccid baton of Charles Vincent Smith at the water's edge.
Tonight's very special broadcast features a very special guest, a man whose life has meant spiritual confabula and containment braces to so many millions you view are aware.
The Reverend Ivan Stang of the Church of the Subgenius.
Also making a special appearance is the righteously loverly and vapid star of the Radium Starx, Screens, and Telediscous, the Princess Weardot, queen of all them UFOs.
Hotcha, hotcha, hotcha.
As normally, tonight's episode is brought to you by the forces of evil, makers and shapers of the world's governments, corporations, and religions.
Shop the forces of evil when you're in Cleveland.
If it's pink, it stinks, and you know it.
And also brought to you by a new golf ball and honey mustard flavored Eleoide.
And by an alien smegma pie.
Building a new race in this lifetime is hard, and nothing makes it quite so hard as an alien smegma pie.
Suck back and kick one down.
Mmm, mmm, the taste that's out of this world.
We'll be back with a refunded IV stains of the chunk of the subnormal Jesus, and the lipid soup and bluey doughnutter king of all the froufrous, and the rest of the ye-es-pick-a-kage.
Let's pick the fish, cut the dead.
Move it to try and keep it covered.
Movin' from beggin' up to igloin'
Join the grams on Busy's Beach
Lock your bittime and get a taste
Save the labor
Everyone sharp on the mms

P 가서
Bara
Ahahahah
Blah
Blah
Blah
Blah
Blah
John Vu says
make a lot of money
to some of you who are watching this program right now
today is the most important day of your life
because you're about to learn a secret to become very wealthy
let me tell you what happened to me
we were the boat people
we couldn't even speak English at the time
I knew I couldn't get rich working for a living
I knew I couldn't get rich working for a living
let me tell you what happened to me
ten children and a mom and a dad
we couldn't even speak English
we gotta do many art jobs to support the family
like washing dishes, busboy, mowing lawn, and so forth
thank god that I found a unique system to
make a lot of money
Peyton Manning says
make a lot of money
make a lot of money
makeup artistלים says
Get off your butt and do it.
Go see Tom.
People say that I'm a genius, but I'm not smarter than anybody.
I'm only a lucky boy who found a genius money-making system.
I know that you are afraid.
Step number one, let me tell you make a lot of money.
Step number two, let me tell you make a lot of money.
Step number three, let me tell you make lots of money.
I have everything I ever wanted.
I'm a genius.
I'm a genius.
Here's another example how easy it is you can make a lot of money.
I know that you are afraid.
But my friend, life will keep going on no matter what you think in your head.
Here's a fact that you cannot argue with.
Make a lot of money.
.
.
.
.

















































coming
.
.
.
radio show which I think we will continue her sex rant the sex rant of
Reverend Susie the floozy friends and we've got a fine dr. legume radio rant
and live preachings oh yes we got some soul fire filled preachings coming up
from the Atlanta and the Cleveland deep vials and we've got these bands here
red let's see who we're gonna play this this week pull Osric tentacles down just
a little bit in the background yes we have here the BB gut we're gonna be
playing some bad hair day ball of fish hooks the band that sucks that's one of
my favorites the band with a thousand faces Barnaby Jones locker the bastards
Batman
the fag a pardon me we'll do our anti homophobia rant later on in the show but
that's just the name of the band kind of a funny name Batman's a fag the beasts
been there done that a beside God Big Daddy Jasper we'll be hearing some big
green scab and one of my favorites a big midget and the tiny Giants along with
Bill Clinton's boogers bimbo combo and big
slits and the gashes dear friends so you know it's gonna be a music packed
evening or day or whenever you hear this these things I do have some interesting
news bits I wanted to read to you this is a this is a fax that we got here at
the subgenius foundation man arrested in thefts of urns and ashes of dead this
is the Associated Press from Chicago
no from Chico Chico California a man suspected of stealing and eating the
cremated remains of four people in hopes of attaining everlasting life has been
arrested
Rodney Hines 36 told police he snorted some of the ashes and sprinkled others
on his food because he wanted to live forever
police had been investigating the thefts of urns from the
the Chico Cemetery since early July when they disappeared. A man who knows Hines contacted
police September 1st to report that the suspect had been bragging about having ashes, said Lieutenant
Tony Aultz. These ashes were, pardon me, these ashes were interred recently, Aultz said. They
have not been there for 50 years or something. Hines, who was arrested Wednesday, faces a felony
charge of unlawful mutilation of human remains. And scrawled on the bottom of this fax,
it says here, check this out, man, it really works. And I think it was Paul Mavridis who sent me that.
And I thought, you know, well, now we know what to do with Dr. Legume.
By the way, more about that next show. I don't know if you've heard the rumors about Dr. Legume,
but I'm afraid they're true. But here's another one. Now, this was a news article report that I
just, this one blessed my heart, man. Man's death in truck perplexes Oregonians. He starved just
steps away from a clear,
clear path. Agnes, Oregon. When DeWitt Finley got stuck in the snow last fall trying to drive the
back roads over the Klamath Mountains, he put his faith in God and waited with the patience of Job
for someone to rescue him. For nine weeks, nine weeks, he sat in the cab of the pickup,
checked the days off the calendar in his salesman's day planner, and wrote a stack of letters in a
neat hand on a legal pad to his...
two sons, his fiancée and his boss. If only he had stepped out of the truck and followed the road back around the corner,
he soon would have found clear pavement leading him down the mountain to safety. Last month, some teenagers who got stuck
themselves discovered Mr. Finley starved to death in his pickup. The people who live in this rugged country have trouble
believing that he just sat there for so long. The snow never stays on that road, but rides on it.
There, said Glenn Carpenter, who dug Finley's pickup out of five feet of snow with a front-end loader.
Depending on the weather, Mr. Finley could have had a few hundred yards or a few miles of snow to walk
through before reaching pavement, Mr. Carpenter said, but there was no sign that he had ever left
his truck. And here's what Mr. Finley wrote his boss in one of the letters found with his body.
I have no control over my life. It's all in his...
hands, his will be done. Death here in another month or so, or he sends someone
to save me. Yet knowing his will, I'm at peace and his grace will prevail. If I'm
saved to finish my life here, please know I'll always be thankful to you and
remain your servant. If not, I'll see you in glory.
Mr. Finley had been a
In other words, this guy sat in his truck and waited for God to save him from starving
to death when he could have gotten out of his truck and walked backwards down the road
a little ways.
Mr. Findley had been a fundraiser in the San Diego area for the Christian Charity World
Vision before moving last summer to Montana.
He was a salesman and made plans to get married.
He was on a sales trip through Oregon hauling a brand new demo camper on the back of a
four-wheel drive diesel pickup when he decided to leave the main highway and take the back
roads through the National Forest at Grants Pass.
The Bear Camp Road has lots of traffic in the summer when blah blah blah blah blah
but when the snow comes they don't plow it because nobody's stupid enough to go in there.
The day after Mr. Findley drove up, rangers posted a sign at the bottom reading,
Roads may be blocked by snowdrifts six miles ahead.
And uh...
But Mr. Findley said every now and then they have to haul three people out of there two
or three times a year.
But they usually just walk out like the teenagers who found Mr. Findley's religiously starved
corpse.
Let's see...
So after Mr. Findley vanished, his boss sent out another man to search for him.
Mr. Findley accepted his fate, writing calmly to his boss,
The most wonderful thing out of this ordeal has been the never-ending fellowship with
the Lord.
I've not eaten since noon of November 14th yet I feel great and I'm in good spirits.
I've never known such fellowship nor how his plan for man can be a love for us beyond all
things.
And he kept crossing off the days in his calendar.
Waiting for God to come and rescue him until January 19th.
And said the road crew man, it was a senseless death.
That's what's so sad about it.
The good Lord didn't take care of him.
Well you know what I say, friends?
I say, praise the Lord!
Praise the Lord he took another dumbass!
You know, I mean, that's the kind of thing that restores my faith in God.
When God kills those who have so much faith in him.
I mean, I just love that.
I love to hear about that.
I love so to hear about believers painting themselves into a corner with their beliefs
and dying.
You know, letting the Lord take them away.
Oh my gosh, friends, there's the phone.
We better let Sister Susie the floozy finish ranting to you about the Lord of sex.
Listen to this.
That same afternoon I was writing ad copy and needed to come up with another word for
sexy.
I grabbed the handy rojay's thesaurus and found to my surprise that the conspiracy
has her scum clotted talons sunk to the leathery hilt into this word.
Only a couple of synonyms didn't have a negative slant to them.
Every other one was more sneering and damning as I went along.
Get this.
Sexy.
Adjective.
Voluptuous.
Seductive.
Lewd.
Lascivious.
Wanton.
Sensational.
Bold.
Pornographic.
X-rated.
And then the cap are in capitals.
C. Impurity.
Oh, you better believe I was apoplectic over that one.
I mean, this was the same rojay's thesaurus that lists the term S-O-L under unfortunate.
I thought they were objective.
But no.
They've got me fighting with their ammunition whether I like it or not.
By controlling the thesaurus and the dictionary, they make or break our thoughts and dreams
into their own comfortable, convenient interpretations.
They slant the impact of their own insidious spin.
You're bound to them by every word you utter.
Every idea you express is couched in words of their forging.
They can change what you think you mean.
We are damned by definition.
But we have weapons.
Words lose all meaning when you repeat them over and over and over.
Except of course for the word Bob.
But we'll attack them not only with words but with thoughts and ideas, especially the
filthy thoughts, the ones that really push their buttons.
Oh, yeah, right now in Washington, they're dry washing their talons and making plans
for the subgenius death camps.
Which tells me one thing.
It's time for a party!
This is week number 69 of Bob's Slack Time Fun House.
And tonight I'm going to burn WREK Atlanta to the ground and sow the scorched earth with
salt.
I'm going to get real dirty tonight.
As dirty as they're afraid I'll be.
We're all going to get steeped in the cesspool swill of sin.
Oh, yes.
I'm going to respect their heavy repressive concept of sex as something filthy.
Only I'm putting an exponent on it.
And by the same token, I'm taking the concept of sex where I want to go with it too.
And Bob, take the hindmost.
Suck it up, pink boys.
Sex can be not only something ugly and evil, but something that is light and kicky and
guilt-free and fun, fun, fun.
Ha ha ha!
I'm going to get real dirty tonight.

Because sex is something they can't make us hate no matter how much we try.
Oh, I'm getting out of these clothes and into some trouble.
I got a hot looking prairie squid here in my de-beaking tool.
And I just might not de-beak it this time if you catch my drift.
I suggest you do the same, seekers.
Uncle Dick, here I come and face the 것은,
Undo that belt apply the ankle and arm like that.


Put that on a stick.

How was I?
executed with its forefinger, my eyes were all driving at it.
I'm the most exalted Puget Tate, the most exalted Puget Tate, the most exalted Puget Tate of all.
Yeah, I can tell you.
Ooh, was it bad for you, Seekers?
Oh, if smut is in the eye of the beholder, then you'd better get the visine ready for our next selection.
Under the auspices of blast-off video, we're going to have a little video sin-o-tainment.
But while you're strapping on your non-virtuous reality headgear, let's get in the mood with some forbidden literature first, just to warm us up.
From the Theakston Collection of...
...fine tapes comes cheap stories.
A loving tribute to true sleaze by a dozen dedicated guys who sure know which side a broad is buttered on.
I reached for the thin fabric band that held the ballooning cups of her halter together, hooked my fingers over it and tugged.
It snapped easily.
Her halter sprang apart and outbounded her joyously unguarded...
...confined breasts.
Dual prize packages of rounded richness.
Twin curved cones of bouncing fun flesh.
Matched mountains of youthful, tanned, quivering, exciting femininity.
Titanic orbs of temptation.
Happy hemispheres of lust.
Jaunty, jiggling rotundities of passion.
In a phrase, my kind of breasts.
In a phrase, my kind of breasts.

Recognize that stirring prose?
No.
Of course you don't.
Hello.
I am Charles Foster Lovewell,
Executive Vice President of the Earmark Collection of Fine Literature.
The Earmark Collection has scaled the depths of literary endeavor to bring you the best of the worst,
and only the worst parts of these great rotten books of the past for you to enjoy in the privacy of your own headphones,
or automobile. We have gathered literally piles of pseudo-steamy, unexplicit adult novels from
the 1940s, 50s, and 60s. Books with one message, don't let anyone see you reading this book. We
hope you enjoy these almost exciting excerpts, these shining examples of the failure of language
to inspire, inform, or even communicate effectively. Good day and happy listening.
From Virgin in Blue Jeans.
No, even as his spasms had been dying down, Nadia had fluently recommenced her ministrations, and
Paul, once again, to his astonishment, had felt his mettle. The girl, after all, had been a glorious
spectacle, a blonde goddess of a creature with firm, admonitory breasts whose nipples protruded
like spikes. Her ribcage and belly were taut structures and downly smooth, and the palestra
of her womanhood contained a kind of Everglades in meekness.
The woman's body was a miniature, where the elements of the tropical abounded, flaxen plumaged,
now yielding, now constricting, with concealed concourses and secret devourings, in which
the skimming craft of the male pirogue itself could be lost and sink down nervelessly into
humid germinals.
And of course, all that passion and lust has to lead to sin. There's Sin King.
Sin Prophet.
Sin Doll.
Sin Trout.
Sin Show.
Sin Gallery.
Sin
Boomtown Sinners.

Naked Sinners.
Streets of Sin.
Suburban Sin.
Suburban Sin Club.
French Sin Port.
Sinful Desires.
They call it Sin.
And Sin Land.
Naturally, if you're gonna have so much sin, you gotta have a girl.
There's Roadhouse Girl.
Carnival Girl.
Fast Girl.
Fire Girl.
Tramp Girl.
Gutter Girl.
Marijuana Girl.
Girls's of the French Quarter.
Girl on the Beach.
Girl on the Couch.
The Zipper Girl.
Vacation Girl.
Nice Girls's Finished Last.
Half Girl.
Half Woman.
All Woman.
Woman's Woman.
A Woman's Woman.
A Woman alone.
Woman's Need.
The Fire in a Woman.
Alcoholic Woman.
Second Time Woman.
Company Woman.
Artists Woman.
Trailer Camp Woman.
That Glover Woman.
Too Many Woman.
Web of Women.
Three Strange Women.
Love-Hungry Women.
Warped Women.
Trailer Camp Women.
Doctorsters Women.
Hucksters Women.
Philanderers Women.
Twilight Women.
A Lotta Dames, A Lotta Sin, A Lotta Books.
But they're really-
I do have a cause, though.
It is obscenity.
I'm for it.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Thank you.
Unfortunately, the civil liberties types who are fighting this issue have to fight it,
owing to the nature of the laws, as a matter of freedom of speech and stifling of free
expression and so on.
But we know what's really involved.
Dirty books are fun.
That's all there is to it.
But you can't get up in the court and say that, I suppose.
Simply a matter of freedom of pleasure, a right which is not guaranteed by the Constitution,
unfortunately.
Anyway, since people seem to be marching for their causes these days, I have here a march
for mine.
It's called Smut.
Give me smut and nothing but.
A dirty novel I can't shut if it's uncut and unsut.
Toll.
I've never quibbled.
If it was ribbled, I would devour where others merely nibbled.
As the judge remarked the day that he acquitted my Aunt Hortense, to be smut, it must be utterly
without redeeming.
You seem in social importance, poor.
No graphic pictures I adore.
Indecent magazines galore.
I like them more, if they're warm horde corp.
Bring on the obscene movies, murals, postcards, neck ties, samplers, stained glass windows,
tattoos, anything.
More more, I'm still not satisfied.
Stories are more.
Stories of tortures used by debauchers
Lurid, licentious, and vile
Make me smile
Novels that pander to my taste for candor
Give me a pleasure sublime
Let's face it, I love slime
All books can be indecent books
Though recent books are bolder
For filth, I'm glad to say, is in the mind of the beholder
When correctly viewed, everything is lewd
I could tell you things about Peter Pan and the Wizard of Oz
There's a dirty old man
I thrill to any book like Fanny Hill
And I suppose I always will
If it is swill and really fill
The who needs a hobby like tennis or philately
A hobby like tennis or philately
A hobby like tennis or philately
I've got a hobby
Rereading Lady Chatterley
But now they're trying to take it all away from us
Unless we take a stand and hand in hand
We fight for freedom of the press
In other words, smut, I love it
Ah, the adventures of a slut
Oh, I'm a market they can't glut
I don't know what compares with smut
Hip, hip, hooray, let's hear it for the Supreme Court
Don't let them take it away
I'm a market they can't glut
I'm a market they can't glut
I imagine we'll have some action
Cherحم Chetner's im hin'
Out 1966
Wence That They Never Fine
I have Taken
They Win






Have there is no including
Haunted the grand
Wow
Ar jets
interactions

Her



Her
ő
What it don't get, Bob can't choose, just give Bob money.
That's what Bob wants.
That's what Bob wants, yeah.
That's what Bob wants.
Welcome to the Stonchinius revival.
We've got Ivan Stang to preach to you.
We've got Circus Apocalypse to freak you.
We've got Indian Roper to technolize you.
We've got Minstrels of Enchantment.
Rump and Frog in the apocalypse with Pilt Jimbo.
We've got Reverend Dinosaur coming up.
Get with the Flying Leaver.
Get with Steve.
Get down with Steve.
Get your money.
Get ready to fucking go crazy.
It's revival time, baby.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
And Bob hates you.
Get your freaking money.
Now.
Get it.
Get it.
Go.
Go.
Yeah.
Ladies and gentlemen, the forms of insanity.
Let's hear it for forms of insanity, dear friends.
Beautiful.
Beautiful.
B deterres messes up our futur busy or cafe.
Every脞
Too small!


The is music.
and sex for its on earth that turned to hell and destroyed the man who created it
it's a subgenius beach party
i'll bring the beach towels if you'll bring the neutron howitzer we'll have a beach party
we'll have an einstein's secret beach party
serve some flaccid baby we'll have a little clam bank
listen to the joyous sounds of those those wacky subgeniuses as they frugate
frolic on the beach hey rev baby we're gonna take a
bite of your beer and then we're gonna go to the beach party and we'll have a beach party
lsd and walk over these hot coals like the dude hawaii come on man let's join the party yeah that's
an idea let's do a fire walk we'll we'll prove our faith in bob i'm leaving bob this let's see
this bonfire has been going for six days now uh i'm sure that my faith in bob will keep my feet
sweating enough to allow me to walk across these
blaaaah
thank you bob my feet are burning up thank you bob oh my ears hurt it's like my ears
hey man i smell fried pork oh my god look at your feet you can turn off the tape deck now bob and
rewind that fire now bob
oh that's much better
my legs are not on fire anymore
yep
yep that old bobby
he'll set your legs on fire and then he'll put them out
for you that's the important thing he's always got that little fire extinguisher handy after he
sets your legs or your face on fire
honey what's in the alien smegma pie it tastes great
relax standard nothing's in the alien smegma pie it's just golf balls and a little bit of a
honey mustard flavor it's still pure alien smegma 100 oh i can relax all right i'm as relaxed as it
gets i was nervous about the pie you know tonight's my wedding anniversary i've been together long
enough to know what makes my prairie dog stand up and bark golf ball and honey mustard in one out of
this world taste if scientists can take us to the moon they can bring back smegma with flavor i'm dead
i'm in a communication with your crystal skull it's a new movement around the earth and
it can stop the new world play listen to my son that's the alien in him you mean the alien smegma
pie alien smegma pie for a taste that's out of this world
now i knew diaphragm and french onions
back in the spaceship the little tuna can launched years ago an update for you
last we heard dave dave was accidentally killed by a man

he was a little bit of a kid he was visiting the solar system and
and he had some little friends on board with him the little bio units had come to life
and he had a little kitty cat that turned into something else
it's all right dave we're here to help you we bio units have been programmed to keep you entertained
throughout your trip to alpha centauri
dave's about more than halfway there now
how's your trip been dave who what how's my dip dindon
in here who are you take a stress pill dave it's the crazy astronaut channel we've dialed you up to
check in on you i was having this weird dream oh my god i dreamed i was river and i've been stained
and i was licking bob's boots day in and day out
Every day, it seemed like it was going to go on forever.
For the rest of my life, nothing but sucking Bob's boots
like a lowly totem pad,
pulling on a dirt bird, don't try and stop it.
Oh, it's all right, Dave.
The Bob boot-licking bootlips disease dream was pre-programmed.
It actually belongs to someone else.
You mean these here bootlips I'm looking at in the monitor
actually aren't mine?
No, we infected you because we knew you were getting bored.
Out here in space.
We've been programmed to keep you entertained no matter what.
But is your mind infectious?
We ran out of the old bootleg Beach Boys tapes
that you were so enamored of
and decided that maybe a new virus might keep you busy
whiling away these hours out here.
Now I'm going to have me a virus?
I'm going to have bootlips up here?
Nobody talk to it.
I want to flap my gums and my mouth won't even make the words
because you're going to be...
Behold, sloughed shed.
That's okay.
Where's my cup?
I can hardly drink.
We have a special diet for you, Dave.
It's good.
Composed of live insects,
crickets, mealworms,
and the incredible Madagascar hissing cockroach.
These will be your...
This was part of your special anti-yeast diet.
It's all for the sea monkeys.
We knew you were getting tired of the Tang and sea monkeys.
Oh, but tiny little voice in my head.
Tiny little voice.
I can't eat this kind of diet.
You see, I'm used to comestibles of a much, much, much higher degree.
Like, say, for instance, mashed potatoes and gravy
with some carrots and peas on the side.
Well, as you may have noticed, Dave,
the disease keeps your mouth from being able to open wide enough
to insert the food.
Thus, we have provided you with live food,
which...
It may crawl into the slit under its own power.
You'll notice the little vacuum tube
is releasing the cockroaches around your chin and mouth area
so that they may crawl in.
Now, you see, you don't even have to chew.
Get those things away from me.
They're able to crawl all the way down your throat,
and you're not even bothered with swallowing reflexes.
My arms are covered with them.
We've provided everything for you, Dave.
Oh, no!
Oh, no!
You should be...
You're full yet?
Oh, my God!
These things are starting to nibble on me!
I mean, I've got to figure out some way of getting...
Hey, little boys, little boys,
what happens if they start eating me?
Well, you notice those special patches on your skin cropping up.
Those are part of the disease, too.
Now, this, of course, is all just part of the entertainment program
we and the corporation have been instructed to provide you with,
according to your insurance company's desires.
But who's being entertained?
Who's being entertained?
Am I the one who's getting...
You're not getting any entertainment?
No.
Most...
During this half hour, most of the planet Earth
is watching the Crazy Astronaut channel.
We're watching you being entertained.
So I am going to be on again, huh?
Yeah, you're on TV again, Dave.
Yeah.
You're famous now.
Everything's fine.
See?
You were right to sign the contract with the space company,
the Church of the Sub-Gene Pool.
Oh, man.
I never want to do nothing like that again.
Sounded so good at the time.
But this Church of the Sub-Gene Pool
has got to be one of the most dastardly designs
ever created in the mind of man.
You wanted to make love to beautiful space aliens, Dave.
I wanted it.
I wanted it.
And we needed to deliver the human genes,
or something roughly like them in your case,
to the Alpha Centaurian clients.
The only way we can fertilize Miss Alpha Centauri
is to send you directly to her, Dave.
Yeah, but I've been waiting so long, you know,
and you tell me once in a while
that I'm going to get a, maybe a little,
take a little look at her and stuff.
It's Miss Alpha Centauri.
But no, I never get to see her,
or smell her, or talk to her, nothing.
It's just like one of them empty promises
you keep making to me.
And now the cockroaches and the bugs
and the Madagascar roaches
are crawling all over my body
and taking little...
Dave, you're not going to turn down Miss Alpha Centauri.
She's the largest, loveliest fungus
in the whole planet.
Yeah.
She covers half of a continent.
Yeah, that'll be something, I guess.
What a babe.
Yeah.
You'll be able to wallow in it, Dave.
Yeah.
It'll be sex beyond your wildest dreams.
Oh, my God.
It won't be a human, exactly, but...
Oh, no, yes, I...
But think of, it's one small squirt for a man,
one gigantic leap for...
Yeah, yeah.
...the human race itself.
Just like aliens.
Well, it's make my pie.
We got to get them genes going around the universe.
If I enforce a cave, a little...
a little small virus
or perhaps one of them huge funguses,
it'll make a better world for all of us
because the church done told me so.
And I've been a believer for nine on...
seven, eight, nine, ten years now.
I've made my compact.
I'm going to go through with it.
I'm happy now.
And you're a good believer, Dave.
You did just what Bob wanted you to do.
You signed.
Oh, yes, Dave.
You believed.
I believe.
He sold it, you smoked it, that settled it.
I'll smoke it and die.
You signed on the dotted line.
What am I talking about? I'm going crazy!
The line where you wrote the check, Dave.
You wrote the check.
No one else signed that check, Dave.
Written in blood.
A contract written in blood.
A contract written in blood.
A contract written in blood.
My own personal doom.
One hot July morning, only three years from today,
most of the world will be asleep,
except for a few milkmen and a few milkwomen.



The first of the first airline pilots.
Seven o'clock a.m., July 5th, 1998.
And Bob Dobbs wakes up.
His alarm clock was set at seven o'clock.
He rolls over and thinks to himself,
now what was it I was supposed to get up for this morning?
Oh well, I can't remember.
Will you let Bob roll over and go back to sleep, my friend?
Will you, like Dave, sign over your soul for safekeeping to that,
that man with the pipe, huh?
Yes, that smiling, that man you can trust.
That big old brother of yours, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Or will your application be denied?
Did you bounce a check on Bob, friends?
Will you be bounced back?
Will you be back from the force field
as you try to walk up that entrance ramp onto the sex,
uh, the escape vessels of the sex goddesses from Planet X?
Dear friends, will that be you left behind?
Or will that be you jumping on board the spaceship like Dave did
to spend an eternity of pleasure being entertained
by pre-programmed units just like you are now?
Dave?
And just as we are by watching you flip out trapped in this little space capsule.
You fool!
It's the end of the world!
You fool!
The world ends tomorrow and you may die!
The world ends tomorrow and you may die.
But you notice that on the other hand you may not.
You can buy your way into heaven, Dave.
Or maybe you're kept in a personal stage of convocation and pain and suffering, too.
Well, sure, that's part of it.
Yeah, okay.
It's the heavenly pain and suffering.
It's a headache that lasts all year.
It's an itch you can't scratch.
But it keeps you going, you know.
Of course, that's the Christian heaven we're talking about.
If it was the big party you wanted to,
the giant space orgy,
oh, that's the subgenius hell.
But that's for the $40 members, Dave,
not you mere $30 subscribers.
Oh, speaking of $30 subscribers,
don't we need to let all the radio listeners know
about the church devival that's happening Saturday night?
Saturday night at 8.30?
At 8.30 at Peabody's Down Under in the flats.
At Peabody's Down Under the flattenings?
We'll be flattening the...
craniums of the audience.
The pew packers, actually, is what it is.
It's gonna be a combination of a bunch of, you know,
kids all dressed in black with hooks hanging out of their noses,
tattoos and so forth,
and the subgenius worshippers.
Primitive.
Come to hear Indian rope burn.
Burn away the hate.
Burn away the radiation.
Burn away the fire.
Yes.
And to see the circus apocalypse,
the freak show of the 90s,
as they...
like Dave,
eat the cockroaches and drive screwdrivers into their nostrils.
Mmm.
They really do that, folks.
You can watch self-mutilation.
No blood.
Well, there's a little blood,
but there's a great funny pattern that goes with it, you see.
It's not just self-mutilation.
It's not one of these geek shows.
It's a full vaudeville.
It's like...
That's what a subgenius revival is at Peabody's on Saturday night.
It's a return to the good old days.
It's a vaudeville.
And bloodletting.
And bloodletting.
And the bear baiting.
And nailing the cat to the post and beating it to death with your head.
Friends, we're trying to get back to the good old family values of entertainment,
where when you went to a show, you didn't just see a band.
You know, you got to see the band, the travelogue, the cartoons ahead of time.
That's right.
The comedian, you know, the bad comic that comes out, the strip show, you know, the...
And, of course, the guys that bite the heads off the lifeguards.

The chickens.
Yes.
Which, since this is a sub-special subgenius revival, there will be snake handling, chicken
head biting, rock and roll music, short-duration mass marriages.
We will marry everyone, literally every single living being from the amoeba on up will be
married to each other and will be forced to consummate said unholy marriages.
Saturday night.
At Peabody's Down Under.
The great subgenius revival.
Where lonesome cowboy Dave and Chaz and the great Einstein secret orchestra will no longer
be secret.
Yes, we'll climax the show in some horrible way.
We'll have the bucket of pills, friends.
The fabled bucket of pills.
Of course, you're floating in a sea of pills all the time.
You just don't know it because you're too blind and deaf.
Your tongue is too...
Too...
Too...
Covered with fungus to be able to taste the pills that Bob's been showering on you all
this time.
Oh yeah.
You just didn't have faith.
Well, if you pay your money, we'll sell you the faith.
This Saturday night, just be ready.
Have your inoculation.
You will pay to know what you want to already know you here, I forgot.
You will have paid to know what you already knew.
You will have paid to know what you already knew.
What you wanted.
But it will be justified for once.
We'll...
We'll pay to know what you already knew.
Because that's what we're doing, friends.
We're just trying to give you an excuse.
As of this moment, you can do anything you feel like doing.
Go ahead.
Just try it.
Um...
Hey, can I hear a praise Bob out there?
A proper praise Bob?
Let me hear one.
Praise Bob!
God, come on, do it like I'd sound off like you got a pair, damn it.
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!












Do a overly fancy solo.


Fine....
Fine...
larger and one pipe makes you small and the ones that the con gives you don't do anything at all
go ask Ivan how to get your slack
and if you go chasing saucers and you know you're yet a scent
tell him a throb smoking salesman has excused all your sins
call Ivan and get the slack you lack
you
when droids on the TV get up and tell you what to think
and you've just had some kind of transpire and your world is turning pink
go ask Ivan
and he'll think
that you can
find salvation
anywhere you want to look
pull over your own eyes
and get it from his poor
remember
to justify your sins
and send cash in
just send cash in
just send cash in
oh yes
dear friends
and now Phoebe and her dancing poodles
Oh No! I'm sorry
and Dr. Dinosaur
ready brothers and sisters I greet you
there's going to be plenty of music
and partying here tonight
but there's also going to be some church
and I'm here to bring some of that too
I'm here to ask you a question.
What kind of personal savior do you want?
You want something exciting and a deified being?
Or do you want a completely predetermined cosmology with stable and sedentary gods hanging off of it
like apples still stuck to the tree in January?
Are you looking to get carried away on that sweet chariot
or are you afraid there's not going to be a difference between it and the boxcars that are unloading at the Eternal Concentration Camp?
Will you settle for a holy order of the tall order?
Or are you hankering for a chance to put in a few licks yourself in the timeless struggle between good and evil?
Well, unless you're ready to let your soul roll over and die before it's even had a chance to prove itself on the field of holy battle,
it seems to me that you might want to think about making a choice.
Are you going to throw in with the likes of Satan when you already know
you know from the book he loses in the end?
That's not a good thing.
Look, we may pull the wool over our own eyes, but that doesn't mean we're stupid.
We may go in for the underdog,
but we don't place no bets after the card's been shown.
And even though he wins just before the credits roll,
credits with only his name on them, by the way,
are you going to throw in with the likes of Yahweh?
Yahweh?

Look, everybody likes to win,
but only after they get to play the game.
You can turn a buck betting on a sure thing,
but where's the slack in that?
Now, we got the fightin' Jesus,
that hardcore three-nailed money-changer ass-kicking R.M.A.C. rowdy,
and it's fun for a while.
But he ends up selling your account to Yahweh,
and you still get shortchanged in the action and thrills you crave in a belief system.
Well, kids, I think you know what the answer is,
and that answer is the ever-whitening smoke ring around J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Yes, only Dobbs, among the modern mythological madmen,
represents the uncertainty, the dramatic tension,
the screaming, scary monster movie mayhem
that you crave in a belief system.
Now, where do the big spenders, the high rollers, make their money?
They toss their bankrolls into IRAs?
Hell no!
They risk it, and they play the market.
Right.
That's the kind of saving you can do.
That's what the savior Bob is, friends.
Bob is the Wall Street savior.
We may know the saucers are coming,
but we don't know what the outcome will be.
We know Bob can cut deals with the human governments and overlords and Illuminati
and rake in the cash from that,
but we don't know yet whether he'll be able to close the deal
that will keep the excess from just plowing us all under as a bad crop.
We don't know if we'll ride the saucers
or if we'll be fertilizer
to start over elsewhere.
If you want true adventure in your eternal future,
if you want some havoc with your heaven,
if you can stand a little mystification in your destiny,
there's only one personal savior for you,
and that is J.R. Bob Dobbs!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise his pipe!
Thank you, and on with the show!
Ah, yes, dear friend.
The good Dr. Dinosaur.
The old silverback of the subgenius internet.
Yes, Dr. Dinosaur there, ranting.
A fine, fine rant there at the Cleveland D-Bible at Peabody,
sponsored by, of course, Steve Bevilacqua
and the Flying Lemur bookstore.
May it rest in peace.
And, uh, Elwood, before that, that lovely song,
by Mistress Selina.
Actually, I can't remember her exact title,
but, uh, that song, Go Ask Ivan,
uh, is by, uh, Mistress Selina,
or Pope S. Selina, or whatever.
Shucks.
Um, anyway, Dr. Dinosaur brought that tape.
And, yes, friends, you must indeed do what he said,
and, uh, accept that, uh,
well, these are nonprofit radio stations,
and so you can get the subgenius materials
that you want to know, uh,
about in more detail for free.
Yes, for free.
And I'm going to give you that post office box number
to write to for...
Just drop us a self-addressed stamped envelope.
That's the easiest thing for us.
And, uh, send that to...
Bob.
Just write Bob on that envelope at P.O. Box 140306.
That's Box 140306.
In lovely Dallas, Texas.
That's right, Dallas.
75214.
Or, uh, the, uh, subgenius official website
at http://sunsight.unc.edu/.subgenius.
Or, for those of you tape recording,
you can send email to idotstang at metronet.com.
And this is Bob.




It's true.
It's all true what they said about...
B-B-B-Bob.
It is the ultimate get-rich-quick scheme for somebody.
Make a lot of money.
Get off your butt.
Crazy man.
What is your priority, my friend?
Get paid, look...
You do have two choice right now, my friend.
Number one is do nothing.
Stay home.
Do what most people do.
And five years later, you'll be lucky if you have a job.
Or number two, you can come to my seminar.
Learn the secret of how other people are making millions.
So someday you can become financially independent yourself.
Come to my seminar.
Get out of my way. I make it somehow.
