Oh, I already got this free information by mail.
You know, 66% of Americans favor banning
THE POWER OF SLACK!
Detroit will mainly be in Florida and the Four Corners region today.
Unfortunately, in both areas.
Seattle, now in Phoenix for the high.
The biggest difficulty is knowing that it is so crazy inside
and trying to make it look good on the outside.
Because...
That's right.
Praise the eyes of Bob that look into yours as you look into them.
They are looking back and you are looking into them.
You are falling into the eyes of Bob and you will never hit the bottom.
On and on and on.
Friends.
I want you to bang your heads against the concrete cinder blocks in joy and pain
to the lilting melodies of King of Slack, Bill D. Miller!
King of all Slack!
Alright, first before I can go any further,
I must cast the Circle of Slack.
In the name of J.R. Bob Dobbs,
Connie Dobbs,
the Right Reverend Ivan Stang,
and the true Doctor of all Doctors,
Jimi Hendrix,
and myself, the King of Slack,
I cast the Circle of Slack!
Yes!
All are the same!
Test Variety Theater presents...
Yes, it's Test Variety Theater with first citizen Bob, first citizen Bob.
Why, Bob?
Well, thanks Bob, but ah-ha-ha.
You're going to be- you're gonna have to be on your toes, Bob.
I want you to meet Bob.
Glad to know you, Bob.
Thank you, Bob, for a delicious lip-smacking treat.
Head for a delicious lip-smacking treat.
Head for some...
your nearby...
What do you mean?
Gee, you're so romantic-like.
I went in after him and I hid.
He took a steam bath, then he had a massage, then he went into a shower.
When he came out of it, I knew I had him.
Don't tell me you...
Yeah, I picked him up by the ankles and I slapped him just like he slapped me.
Look up.
Up.
Up.
As soon as Bob gets the plumbing on his bazooka assembled, he's going to return to our variety
theater footlights.
Well, I didn't know how to spark a girl, and I didn't know anything about sparking any
kind of a girl, as a matter of fact, especially a sophisticated girl like her.
Oh.
Yeah, she'd been on more laps than a cafeteria napkin.
And I'll never forget the night I proposed to this sweetheart of mine.
I asked her for a hand.
She said, which one?
I said, don't make no difference.
I won't get nothing anyhow.
How come you do me like you do?
Well.
There's no way I'd even be seen.
You sure could
I was in tears.
And so, thank you for bringing your friend Bob I did your laundry for every little little
esas you didn't come here to scan on.
We got you taken care of.

Writing life-size files is just so real.

We're good to go.
Let's go.
Taste the blood on Satan's claw
Dance a jig in crimson bra
Build the fire for boiling pot
Watch the neighbors don't get caught
Ernest Borg and I knew him well
St. Bill Shatner straight to hell
What the hay, it served him right
Eyeball sockets wrinkled tight
Well, there's a big light shining in the coconut grove
Where Satan used to watch the Barney Miller show
Syndicated television puts him in the mood
Hoping a pagoda just might get nude
Satan gets an erection
Staring at a pagoda's butt
Meat and poultry by the pack
Extra servings, bring them back
Ain't no need to raise a fuss
Just yodel your way to that flaky crust
Satan was invented by religious fundamentalists
Just to keep you acting like the jerk you really are
Sammy Davis Jr. used to worship Satan
When he wasn't taking drugs
Staring in the mirror while his eyeball twitched around
Let's watch Sammy's eyeball twitch!
Well, don't bother asking if it's greasy or red
Or if he's got pointy horns stuck in his head
All you need to prove it is a Bible-thumping prick
Satan only happens if your tater's all shit
Hey, Satan!
Satan, he works better than guilt from your mind.
Taste the blood on Satan's claw.
Yodeling Satan from Joe Newman, or Joe Newman's Rudy Schwartz Project.
Joe Newman is the greatest sung hero of doctor music, my friends.
And you can find out everything you need to know at schwartztone.com.
That's S-C-H-W-A-R-T-Z, schwartztone.com.
The theme of this Hour of Slack, which is number 1066,
the theme is Bugs, Insanity, and God, Three Peas in a Pod.
And you might actually, it's also about yetis and squid.
And you might call this,
a Dr. Hal special,
because there's a lot of that worthy,
that covenant man from KPFA's Puzzling Evidence Show with Philo,
and from the last X-Day drill.
Plus, we have more Bill T. Miller,
the great king of Slack, Bill T. Miller,
who was heard earlier casting the circle of Slack
and mixing the eyes of Bob with irreverent Friday Jones.
Lee Murr, of course,
and the entire crew of the show.
So, we're gonna have to wait for the intro and PR news
and most of the short collages on the show,
which you'll hear which peel your brain from the middle out.
But now, Fat Harry White from his album, Mmm Baby.
Hey there, sweet little nurse.
Come into the strong yet capable hands of Dr. White.
Ow!
I'm gonna perform
some delicate surgery of the heart.
So, come here my child
and lay right down on my operating table, yeah.
Hey, I tell you, talking about medical matters, right?
You know, I went to see my old mate Fat Larry at the hospital.
He's having his tonsils out.
Now, I had mine done about six months ago.
I remember I was having a lot of trouble
and my very, very handsome man friend, Dr. Simon,
you know, he's from Leicester's a shire, right?
Said I better let him operate.
Well, I submissively laid back while he came over me.
And after a few tentative probes and pokes,
he whipped out me big swollen pear
as soon as you could say Jack Robinson.
Brought me instant relief, I can tell you.
Although, of course, he did leave me a little raw
and it was quite a while before I could swallow properly.
Well, anyway, I went to see Fat Lass.
I took him some chocolates and for a gag,
I hid them under me ankle length black fur coat
with the single vent at the rear.
Well, when I got there, Fat Lass looked at the bulge down below
and said,
and turning me round, prized open the slit at the back
to get a good look at the old big box.
Well, he greedily grabbed it
and was just about to get stuck in when I remembered,
Oi, Lass, nil by mouth our kid.
Oh, well, he was right, act off.
Said he was fed up not getting what he wanted.
Said that very morning, the hospital cook had presented him
with his lovely spotted dick
and he hadn't been able to take that either.
Oh, blimey.
Well, I felt sorry for him,
but I fancied the chocolates meself.
And fair play to Larry,
he helped me push them all in me mouth.
And what a sight the very, very sexy ward sister friend found
when she came in, saw Fat Lass stuffing me between the cheeks, you know.
Well, I left him soon after, feeling very sorry for himself.
But I know it won't be too long
before he'll be able to gobble away to his heart's content.
But, you know, I mean, you should look after yourself, shouldn't you?
Which is why me and my very, very sexy lady friend, Foxy Fiona,
went to a health farm
just the other week.
Well, we got there, we got to our bedroom with our luggage.
I was just about to unload me big bag in the corner
when first sexy lady friend, Foxy Fiona,
asked me if I'd be, you know, rising early.
Well, when I told her I wanted to be up at six, her jaw dropped.
She said it might be a bit too hard for her,
you know, getting up so early.
Still, she soon got used to it
and particularly enjoyed an early dip in the pool just before breakfast.
I'd recommend it too.
You know, a quick length.
First thing in the morning always puts a spring in your step.
Well, when it came to breakfast time,
we were at it like rabbits,
you know, scoffing away at all the lettuce and carrot salad.
I also enjoyed the celery that was available,
but when I offered some to Foxy Fiona, she refused.
She said she didn't really fancy gobbling on a full store just then,
but if I, you know, gave it to her later in the sauna,
she might have a nibble.
Well, as we were on a strict vegan diet,
we weren't allowed to eat any dairy produce,
which personally I found very difficult indeed.
And I've got to confess, I did try to smuggle some butter in,
but unfortunately, would you adamant believe it, I got caught.
I mean, I only had a small knob and was really surprised
when the elf farm manager walked into my bedroom,
grabbed hold of it and tossed it out of the window.
Still, apart from that, we had an enjoyable time.
It's anecdotal really, but look after your health
and then you'll be in the mood for loving.
Come over to the good doctor, Dr. White.
The doctor of...
Fat Harry White.
And you can get more Fat Harry White from,
you got that pencil ready, myspace.com
slash fat harry white.
But now for some puzzling evidence.
And by the way, you can get every show of puzzling evidence
just about if you go in there,
and you can get all the information you need.
And that's again by way of quiveringbrain.com.
Once again, that's quiveringbrain.com.
We have only a certain amount of time
to devote to every segment.
Yes, we need to move on to the next segment.
Thank you.
While we wash our way through the slush.
Somebody throw him a fish.
I'm glad I wore my waders.
Did we have a wader segment planned?
Did you know dust is a good thing?
It's expensive.
Did you know that, Reverend Howe?
Dust into dust.
Reverend Dr. Howe, Mr. Reverend Dr. Howe.
And under dust to die.
And did you know when you allow this dust
to circulate freely in your shop,
it will ruin expensive tools?
And worse than that, little chiggery booger bugs
will come crawling out.
They'll come out and they will crawl up into your little booger bugs.
They will crawl in there and crawl in there,
and crawl in there.
A name to remember when you think of...
We've got 35,000 listeners.
Yes, once one mentions those bugs.
Once we durabonded and we cut these listeners together,
much like...
Oh, sorry.
I didn't mean it.
I have a model somewhere of one of these bugs.
Here it is.
Now you'll notice on page 27,
Encyclopedia Entomologica,
this creature is described as a cowering menace.
Mankind's greatest foe.
The humble, simple...
Oh, you're getting out of here.
To provide a single...
I had this glass.
Yes, we need to resource that...
Are you here?
Yeah, we're here.
Right over here.
Come on in.
We're doing show.
Now we need to...
Honey, have you seen my bug collection?
I think she undercut your bug collection.
We don't know how much to charge it is...
I think she gets in TH clicker.
We need to be tough in that.
It may cut to 4.
I think you're
Come on everyone, join the fun
We've got thinking on the run
The Earth is circled by the sun
Creation Science Polka
Science classes in our schools
Taught by superstitious fools
Jerry Falwell sets the rules
Creation Science Polka
The universe was fabricated
In six literal days
The humans and the dinosaurs
Shared a condo in L.A.
Carbon dating makes us cringe
We're the right-wing lunatic fringe
Jesus died for our sins
Creation Science Polka
Science and theاب
Science and theاب
Science and theاب
asy
The Bible says the Earth is only 6,000 years old
Deny and Jesus Christ will roast your balls on burning coals
Come on everyone, join the fun
Ignorance has almost won
Get geology from a nun
Creation science polka
Take your children out of school
Homespun dogma is so cool
Prop them up, watch them drool
Creation science polka
A Rudy Schwartz project did creation science polka
Available, I guess, from
TheFNDC.com
Something like Schwartz.com
No, SchwartzTone.com
And now
Some live hour of slack
Recorded outdoors right in front of everybody
Well, everybody cool anyway
And in front of all the passing tractors
At Brushwood Folklore Center
During the 9X Day Drill
Well, is it working now?
It's working now
I don't know what happened
Well, we had some kind of technical problem
The solution might have been as easy as blowing a puff of air into the old ding futcher
I don't want to bore you with a lot of technical terms
But some kind of watsit got caught in the whatchamacallit
So we had to make that contraptoid work the way it was supposed to
Because that ding buster had frozen right up
And it didn't record our words and our voices
And now, a loud
tractor drowns out even our words at the moment. The plowman homeward plods his
weary way and leaves the world to darkness and to me. Now fades the
glimmering landscape on the height while all the air a solemn stillness holds,
save where the beetle wheels his droning flight and drowsy tinklings lull the
distant folds. Save that from yonder ivy mantled tower the moping owl does to
the moon complain of such as wandering near her secret bower molest her ancient
solitary reign. That was better than that Benji the Yeti routine that we tried, we
missed recording. Benji the Yeti had fur from head to toe.
And the children say when they saw him that day that he stank like a buffalo.
Well sure to us he may smell offensive different. Our poorly evolved sensorium
is not able to deal with the many complicated organic molecules which are
part of Yeti's signaling array. That and the shiny rainbow
run.
Well you know the Yeti's I'm told use artifice in addition to their natural
secretions and I mean I don't know if this is blasphemy to say but I've heard
that by cultivating the use of special herbs and objects that are found in
their vicinity they can create important oils, olei and essences which do not
suppress but rather augment their natural effusions.
They do not use deodorant they use odorant and they use it far more wisely than humans
can ever understand and we have the temerity to say that they stink like a whorehouse laundry.
What do we know?
But there are I understand that the Sherpas in Tibet when they can would try to
scrape the oils from the Yeti.
Even from the leaves where the Yeti has passed they add this.
Scraping to their nanunyak or preparation as they call it.
Now as I understand it that's a kind of beer made from saliva chewed as old women chewed
beetle nuts or something like that.
It is fermented it is a watery yellowish brown liquid with according to the early German
explorer von Kieningswald an offensive smell but once again this is a subjective opinion.
Right and who cares if it gets you high?
Well von Kieningswald was too credulous about some of the things he heard and refused to
believe other things which now we know to be true but he was important in deducing the
primary diet of the Yeti from an examination of its teeth and molars.
I thought one of the most amazing things that the Yeti did was the I don't know what it
was I assume it was the American Sasquatch Yetis who somehow managed to get that fellow
in Oregon to go around making fake Yeti tracks.
And Yeti films.
Right Yeti films just so that years later when he died it could all be revealed as a
hoax and at that point people quit searching for Yetis.
Well they live in the wilds and they take the long view they are not accustomed to immediate
gratification.
And immediate reaction and it pays off evolutionarily speaking it protects the Yeti gene pool.
However it has been said that the snaky hypnotic power of the Eastern Yeti is not really the
specialty of the North American New World Yeti or Sasquatch.
But you know at one time there was a Siberian land bridge and at that time both types of
gigantopithecus commune.














And over that strip of land which is now an archipelago and a dividing ocean even.
And of course there's always been people who especially ladies who found Yetis irresistible.
Yes.
We go out and lure the Yetis into cohabiting with them briefly.
Of course the husbands always claimed that the Yeti had raped the woman.
Yes.
In the book of Genesis we see how the seed of Adam was multiplied when the women lay
with the sons of the stars of the morning star thought said in the punitive Christian
tradition to be demons.
These are of course the forest men forest people or Yetis the other people Stanislaw
Zukalski has.
Zukalski was great in his understanding of the Yeti and its relationship to the humans.
But of course we in the Church of the subgenius believe that the Yeti was more welcome than
an intruder or an invader and that Yeti influence or blood and the old way of saying is something
benign and praiseworthy.
Yeah it's a shame.
Zukalski thought the Yetis were the source of criminality and dictators.
Responsible for war intolerance.
Yes.


And all the human failings.
It's so sad to see a self-hating Yetimson.
You know especially a guy who's so obviously only two or three generations away from pure
full-blood Yeti.
But the generations do mark the truth of the change.
Well I was called a kook by Zukalski.
Did you know that?
Because you dared to articulate your advances.
Because I tried to tell him.
Because you dared to articulate your advances.
Zukalski was a kook.
And he did tell me his theory about the Gigantopithecus.
That we were better off acknowledging that portion of our bloodline.
And that they were the sinned against, not the sinners.
You've always said that Gigantopithecus should be called Gigantanthropus.
Gigantthropus.
Because that's more manlike.
That was the that was what Dr. Carl Veedenrich said in his books Apes, Giant and Men.
Giant and Men.

and men. Because, it is
true, this is a principle of anthropology
and biology. You judge what
something is by its teeth, most of all.
And the teeth of Gigantopithecus
have humanoid
qualities, rather than simian
qualities. Girls, you know what big
teeth means. Well, this
creature had the advantage of immense
size. Big braces!
It was huge.
So huge!
So vast!
So vast! That their
footprints were mistaken for
legs. Yes,
it was said of the Anakim,
the sons of Anak
in the Bible, that they were so
vast that we, the
Israelite scouts, were
as grasshoppers in their sight.
There were giants in the earth
in those days. Amen, brother.
And one could draw out
Leviathan with a hook if one had
patience. But if
one had a really cute mini
skirt,
that was another way to draw out
Leviathan, so to speak. And the unicorn
from his bosky dell.
Yes, the world
could be at peace. And centaur,
triton, fawn, and
a flapping
phoenix shared
the golden woods
of the Hesperides.
Look at those geese
over there. Jolly cyclopses.
Birds of peace.
Battening upon the wines of
autumn, while merry
Silenus brayed his
laughter, surrounded by the nubile
nymphs of grove and stream.
Ah, those were the good old
days, Dr. Howell, before the
conspiracy came along and screwed
everything up. Before these sylvan
scenes were covered with parking lots
and decaying industrial installations,
business parks of
cracked concrete and toxic
dumps of plastic garbage
cans. There were yeti droppings
instead of plastic
bags and
aluminum cans. And the discarded
stems of the grapes consumed
by Silenus and the nymphs and
naiads.
What about those nymphs? I want to hear more about
these nymphs. Well, they followed in the train
of Bacchus, but what
one always sees is Silenus.
Bacchus was a beautiful
youth with vine leaves in his hair, right?
Like Caravaggio painted.
But Silenus was the fat,
old, drunk guy with a
red nose who was the head,
of the satyrs, and who
was always followed by the beautiful
Bacchantes. Women,
mysterious, lovely,
and wild, and also quite
dangerous when they were
in the wrong mood,
as many found out.
Oh, the lucky people
get to follow Bacchus. I had to, I
was, had to follow Sturculus.
But remember what happened
to Orpheus,
torn to pieces by
the Bacchantes, and some
even
say devoured. These lovely
girls devoured the
rich red strips
of his flesh, and
his blood was as red
as their lips and nipples
as they consumed him in an
orgy of pleasure.
And I think these rock
and roll shows are so
shocking and scandalous and exciting
these days. Yes,
they have no understanding
because they have allowed their
tools to become
preeminent. If a tool is an
extension of the hand, still one
must remember where the hand
clutches the handle of the tool
repeatedly.
.
.
.

.



.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.


























is
compiled
in a

Èlite.
Le
était
normal,
me back to the hidden valley of Haddath by the Nile.
Yes, I was there with you that time when we were by the Nile.
Some vacation, huh? Yeah, it was really, I couldn't stand the bugs. There was just
too many flies and mosquitoes. The flies, yes, they caught
black rain there. They would crawl up into your
regions and buzz about all free and
aware of their own surroundings.
But you know the birds there are monogamous.
Ah, yeah, hygamous, hogamous, birds are monogamous.
Hogamous, hygamous, men are polygamous.
That's about right. I often recite that
for myself when in the shower, conducting an old
rehearsal with my father.
Yes, the ancient Egyptians
and life-changing
life, they lived in rooms of mud brick. In death, they built to last forever. Nothing
less than the world's largest building would do for the god-king Khufu. But why was it
built? How and by whom? What feats of organization, which no one else could rival, were used in
erecting the gigantic monument?
I know the answer to that.
Hidden entrances, secret passages, and people.
I know the answer.
Well, you know the answer?
Well, lay it on us then.
Space aliens.
Oh, god damn. That's absolutely...
Space aliens did it.
They didn't build Grand Central Station either.
They brought the plans with them
and they just gave them to the humans
because they said, these humans are too dumb to think of this stuff
on their own. There's no way they can do it.
We're going to have to give them...
So all of those bursts of
technology were only because
space aliens came and
gave us what we needed.
There were no space aliens.
Space aliens were not the guys you mean.
How do I know?
Because I was there.
Yes. In an earlier life.
And I remember when the foreman of the tomb workers
had a mysterious accident.
You will see it represented today that these pyramids were built by slaves.
But it wasn't so. Everyone was well paid.
Paid in beer?
Instructor starts out with速 I'm not addicting you.

Why don't you say some word of Ming Jah?


I did say are going to sell some delicious Sur-i chung chuscr,
I will do it all up, there's no sign of

Hey ya'll, to switches muitas ways.


By the time that thing becomes the cord ins Yup dxx so black

something to chew. So guess what I did do? I had some jello. I had some gum, some soup
and pudding too. But I'm just someone who likes to eat jello. I ate so much my belly
started to hurt. I threw up on my shirt and it was all jello.
Do you know, you know I love it so! I left my jello. So I went to sea and I climbed the





The dead Kennedys
The singer happened to be
Nangelo went to see
The women's wrestling
And they were wrestling
In Jell-O
Later that night
The waiter said to me
Maybe you'd like
To try some raspberry
I said no thanks
I'll have the strawberry
But he said
But he just looked at me
I went to sleep
My stomach full of goo
And then I woke up too
More jello while I have it for
My lunch and dinner too
Oh, nothing else will do
Except for the feed
And now for...
The president of the puedo
He, the president
Of a new world
Just wnin
this better can you make this better animal people have shared with me things and that's what this is
really all about so i invite you right now eat that yourself can't even believe it what do i mean
doing something stupid you are stupid we all feel stupid stupid stupid i'm stupid i'm stupid you're
a fat person using drugs or something take the drugs why i can show you how to get off use drugs
you're a drug addict hard stuff think about it i would murder why wouldn't you do it that makes no
sense i mean think about it jerk danger danger terrible i'm a stupid person how come here have
a cigarette what do i mean democracy was terrible and communism was great yeah who are you are you
merely a collection of habit patterns what the heck is he talking about here who are you i am
what i am who are you really what are you crazy come on here i'm beautiful i'm ugly i'm old most
of us are not conscious who am i who do you really want to be think about it i'm curious feel i'm out
of it feelings of being loaded garbage it's back there it's deep it's dark it'll get you how stupid
get excited am i really inadequate you'll immediately feel much more intensity if you
say i'm loaded i think the message is really
simple you can feel really bad you can feel disappointed you can feel frustrated you feel
angry you can feel hurt you can feel sad remember nothing in life has any meaning
well did you ever really like pity the entomologists for feeling irrelevant well they
usually feel bugs not elephants but the vast majority of insect species have no impact on the
gnp or the price of bread that's a misconception because these insects profoundly they do not cure
cancer they do not
taste good and many people think they don't even look good but maybe they think that you taste good
and maybe they think that you don't look good to them well i don't see them writing books and
talking on the radio right now to them you're the monster and you can't receive their radio i don't
see them out there saving lives and fighting wars they don't save you corrupting the youth they save
the lives of fellow termites and uh like that oh so you mean they're they're they're just basically uh
species biased huh they are on their own wavelength they just they just discriminate against us
because of our species can you imagine that as if typically this type of accounting is
no point in being so multi-culti all species are in one sense at war in competition for the
winning niche which ensures survival of the germ plasm into the coming generation
in an omic about others over 90 units is the pokemon
here
in the
open
than
the
canceled
Large as we can, given the size of our mighty dollars here and there.
Over there, we can see the vendors that will take our dollars so freely.
Oh, and drop them in the water once again.
At a trial in 1150 BC, a robber confessed under torture to violating the tomb of Ramses II.
And then he compounded his crime by robbing the tombs of Ramses' twin sons.
But we will never know some of the secrets that keep the dead alive.
Did he take the corpse?
The reanimated mummy of the legends of the tomb.
The incision through which the internal organs were removed.
The scarab that protects the heart.
Witness to all you did in life.
The instrument used to pour liquid resin through the nose into the brain.
The linen used to wrap the mummy.
All 400 yards of it.
And the 70 days of ritual black magic that allowed a soul to return to its body.
We like to use those with all fields as measurements.
And with the infusion of the sacred tanner leaves passing its withered...
...lips.
It's a long way. How far is that?
The mummy regains its...
Why is that?
...and shambles to its feet.
Twelve million feet.
Off to do the bidding of the master of the temple of Puck.
Or twelve jillion inches. Or twelve quadrillion nanometers.
And yet there's two very good reasons for using a peerless standard.
The mummy. It's coming. It's coming I tell you. It's coming!
Why is it doing that?
Well, it...
It's abusing itself.
It wants to get the scroll of Thoth back and we have it. That's one problem.
It's unwinding itself.
Now, when he was alive, Imhotep would shower every morning and brush his teeth with salt.
He would moisturize daily with hippopotamus fat.
Drink beer through a straw. Write letters to the dead.
And at the age of twenty, began preparing a tomb for the perfect afterlife.
These are the kind of activities that we find young sump geniuses engaged in today.
Writing letters to the dead. Trying to save their dead relatives.
Much like our friends...
...Mum.
Imhotep was elevated to the priesthood after a successful military career in which he fought Nubians, Libyans, Syrians, and Sea Peoples.
He raised pyramids and crops, dug ditches, and paid taxes.
But does he dig duchies? That's a big deal.

That's the important thing.
Eventually, he actually achieved pharaonic equivalency.
A cytor spasm?
But his tomb fell and his song waned.
By iron hewn and by steel chained.
Greed that sang not, nor with mouth smiled.
And he was shut living in the tomb.
With his tongue removed.
And all that stuff.
And yet inbreeding depression follows inevitably from the mechanics of our genetic system.
You think it wouldn't be depressing?
Organisms such as ourselves are diploid, meaning we can obtain two sets of chromosomes.
For every malady there was a doctor in ancient Egypt.
Stomach doctors, foot doctors, ear doctors, side doctors...
Foot doctors?
...82 specialists in all...
Did they have gland doctors?
...the one who removes the evil third eye.
Teeth are filled...
Did they have third nostril doctors?
...brain tumors...
To pick the third nostrils?
...lions fat as a guaranteed remedy for...
...thinning hair...
...and the most expensive.
Some people might think that maybe in the third nostril there could be some type of incrustation.
As there were many in ancient Egypt from Megiddo to Kadesh.
Just like on the third eye you could get a little of that sleepy kind of sleep stuff you get in the corner of your eye...
Just imagine the sleep rising and falling.
...in the morning when you wake up, you get some of that in your third eye...
...and you try to rub your third eye with your finger to get it out...
...and next thing you know you're pushing an eyelash into your third eye.
...and you're rubbing back and forth on your third eye.
Pretty soon it's just completely bloodshot.
What are you going to do when you're out in public like that?
When people see it and they say, that's just some weird...
...weird permutation of your pineal gland.
Dr. Howell and Dr. Philo Drummond and puzzling evidence there from KPFA in Berkeley.
But new Kenneth New playing a Bach Prelude...
...as found on www.kenneth.new.n.u.
...and it's in the middle of a
...
...
...
...




...
...

... ...
... here.
Dr. You wanna hear some great music?
ニ
That's right. Surgeons for Connie.
Perform healing orgy to viable surgery.
Sicken the masses.
Bombard the patient with subgenius anti-music noise.
Surgeons for Connie.
Standing by.
Ready to operate.
Scammo.
Golf club.
Pipe.
Light the pipe full of froth and insert the golf club into the third nostril of the patient.
And the deprogramming will begin.
Stop it! Stop it! Please! I beg you!
You will no longer believe that Connie's little puppet J.R. Bob Dobbs.
You will now realize the truth.
That Connie is the one true slack master.
Praise Connie! Praise Connie! Praise Connie!
Praise Connie! Praise Connie! Praise Connie!
Praise Connie! Praise Connie!
Don't worry.
The spurting, bleeding head side effects are part of the treatment.
Now whenever you hear the name Bob,
you will automatically substitute the name Connie.
Connie.
foolishly fatigue lightly
Love Connie.
Hate Connie.
Funny.
You are out of control.
They set me at a cold metal table and prodded me with humiliating probes.
Now don't you feel better?
Lobby.
Master Suicide BillUh.
Saints.
Slack Bill T. Miller and Slackbangers from BillTMiller.com or KingofSlack.com.
I believe you can download his life works there.
Truly, friends, one of Bob's biggest tools.
Well, we're all tools.
First, the exes used the yetis as tools.
The yetis made humans into tools.
Millions of miles away.
And now...
Through the inky darkness of interstellar space.
Bob uses us.
They stretch forth their tentacles, reaching up from below to seize the basis of the subgenius unconscious mind.
Tickles when that happens.
Ever been troubled by giant octopuses or mile-long squids reaching up from below?
Even in your dreams?
This cephalopod, this round head...
at the nexus of many writhing arms, is a profound symbol of the secret self, standing for the unconscious mind.
And it is no error or idle chance that the squid has such a prominent feature in the lives of subgeniuses and in their fellow travelers.
Well, not only are they...
Like the laughing squid people.
Right, the laughing... praise laughing squid.
The squid...

The squid is not only sexy, but very intelligent.
Well, yes.
And even horrible conspiracy propaganda like Hanna-Barbera's Squidly Diddly cartoons put forth this view.
I never actually...
I don't think I remember Squidly Diddly.
Oh, it's horrible.
Well, I can describe it for you in a very few sentences.
He's a squid.
He lives at an aquarium.
He wears a sailor's hat.
His body is more like that of an octopus.
He has only six tentacles.
And he's got a smart mouth personality.
While Mr. Twiddles, the aquarium owner, who's only about two heads high and has a mustache, is eternally frustrated by Squidly and his antics.
Oh, so it's a yogi...
Squidly!
I mean, you're familiar with that sort of thing.
Yogi squid.
Well, more like Lippy the Lion or Wally Gator or some late-coming Hanna-Barbera loudmouthed asshole.
But that is the conspiracy version of the noble squid.
That hydrostatic organism which has managed by evolutionary manipulation to have no weight in its chosen medium.
To hover for millennia on end.
This is true slack.
The weightlessness deep beneath the heavy ocean.
And then there is also the Kraken.
That giant beast.
And by the way, you know that they've got that in the new Johnny Depp pirate movie, right?
They got Kraken?
They finally got Kraken?
They brought the Kraken into it.
And they're constantly having to battle this outsized cephalopon in the film.
Yes.
One must be in awe at the Kraken or that type of leviathan.
The largest thing to swim the ocean stream.
Below the thunder.
The thunder of the upper deep.
Far, far beneath in the abysmal sea.
His ancient uninvaded sleep.
The Kraken sleepeth.
Faintest sun lights flee about his shadowy sides.
Above him swell huge sponges of millennial growth and height.
While far above into the sickly light from many a wondrous grot and secret cell.
Unnumbered and enormous polype winnow with giant arms the slumbering green.
There hath he lain for ages and will lie battening upon huge sea worms in his sleep.
Until the latter fire shall heat the deep.
Then once by men and angels to be seen in roaring he shall rise.
And on the surface die.
Special animation effects by Ray Harryhausen.
That's right.
Well, you know, there's a very interesting picture.
And his brother Joe Bob Hausen.
In that book, An Animated Life by Harryhausen, the first of two large volumes that are now available.
There's a picture of Charlotte Knight, the woman who wrote some of his fairy tales.
And anyway, he took his octopus model from It Came Beneath the Sea and threw it.
And it stuck to her cleavage.
Astonishingly likely like something that happened to Susie the floozy here.
That same Ray Harryhausen octopus pressed to the chest of Charlotte Knight.
It's a photograph in the book.
In that book, Ray Harryhausen, An Animated Life.
And so millions of years ago, giant dinosaurs roamed the earth.
While volcanoes belched forth their stercorous pollution into the steamy atmosphere of the Mesozoic.
High above, giant pterodactyls on membranous wings.
Curled, scurrying over the smoking jungle below.
Emitting high cries like the screeching of phantoms and banshees.
To Christian the Mesozoic world with their barbaric yaup.
As heard in the background.
Time, space, travel, forward and backward in time.
The geographical time, time, time.
Train borders me.
Was the king of tea.
Ray.
No need to breathe.
Bibles say love varies.
Railroad 1890 Tim.
I can't get you sleep.
Yeah.
Ray.
Ow.
G 없다.
GoTi.
Uma.


..
I should talk about you
Little Peter
Shake and complain and sing
Remember every day and night
Just stay away
All these great pornographic records can now be yours
Well I'll be whining and swaggering
If I ain't that old legend's juice
But I'll be whining and swaggering
Boy, jumping naked salivating on my poochy chips ahoy
Squirt that venom my way
Nasty onion boy
Got my googly green garbles and a beer for my old food dreams
Squirt your venom my way
Can't make me cry
Can't make me cry
Nasty onion boy
Nasty onion juice boy
Pull that corn dog up to the light
Shake that onion fist and give it a fry
So pretty when you smell like a rose
So gorgeous when you do that twinkle toes
Floyd will trip my mustache like Otis Cutting Strong
Barney knows my special spot and Van is making stuff
Squirt your venom my way
Nasty onion boy
Can't make me cry
Don't lay Jose
Nasty onion juice boy
Nasty onion juice boy
Nasty Onion Juice Boy
By Joe Newman of Rudy Schwartz Project and Schwartztone.com
Before that, time and space travel can be yours
by the good Reverend Maynard Brainard.
This is the Hour of Slack from the Church of the Subgenius you're listening to
and if you need more information just look to subgenius.com
or write to post office box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118
and we'll let...
Noralyn Lemur
Take us Nike Knight
Now I'll tell you what that means in just a little bit
Fill our mouth
Fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun
Why I am a fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun man
When I think about that and I sit down and thought about this
Well what does that mean?
Well I'm gonna tell you something sick
And I'm gonna tell you why
I'm a fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun
Now what does it mean to be fun fun fun fun fun fun fun
Hold on
No no...
I'm a fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun
I am fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun
and BrianI'm gonna tell you why
I was fun fun fun fun
Listen
I was fun fun fun fun fun fun fun
Fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun
Gonna shake, gonna shake
But Brian let me tell you something
I'm going to tell you right now
All crazy
Let me tell you right now
Word word word word
That's what I'm talking about
Ayeaaah
There's a problem, problem
Well hell
Who, what, and where?
Oh, I told you.
It's Rob.
He was killed once.
Jeepers.
That answers the who part.
Now, how about what and where?
Stone Rob.
That's the what.
Mm-hmm.
Go ahead.
You dirty rat.
Now, that was real smart.
Look, look, look, look, look, look, look.
Cake.
Square.
Fake.
Smurf.
Smurf.
Smurf.
It's cake.
Why?
Cake.
Cake.
Satan only happens if your tater's all shit.
