And now, once again, that hour has rolled around for the Ask Dr. Hal show, live on radio.
Ladies and gentlemen, tonight the rain comes down and the elements insist on being uncivil,
but we shall soldier on, or whatever it is that we do, here on RadioValencia.fm.
And, oh, my friends, and oh, my foes,
we have an incredible assortment of guests tonight.
It shall be a show that shall long live in our annals.
Just like a tapeworm.
So settle back, relax, and enjoy our feature presentation.
I hear the thing creeping up on us in the background.
As always, twas ever thus.
Oh, yeah, I guess.
Turned on is such an evocative phrase.
And so now we have video as well as audio documentation.
Folks, these tapes or whatever form of recording they may ultimately assume...
Holograms.
...might produce...
Holograms.
...might produce...
...might prove to be the most valuable documents of our time.
Perhaps projected on clouds in the future of the dwindling days of the human race.
One can never tell.
Dobbs prophesied that the moon would be used as a gigantic drive-in movie screen, so to speak.
They might do that to disguise all their evil doing up there.
Because now we've got George W. Bush with his eye on the moon.
And he knows why he wants to be there and build a super-militarized moon base at the pole of the moon.
Of course, the pole is a good place to do it because you avoid the greatest extremes of temperature.
But critics have pointed out it's going to cost a vast fortune to keep these guys supplied with the necessities of life.
Why do they need to be on the moon anyway?
Didn't we go there?
But there is a reason.
The golfing, for one thing.
Oh, yes.
The astronauts who went already.
They hit a famous line drive on the lunar regolith.
But what Mr. Bush and his friends are actually angling for is essentially the gas or oil of the future.
Because the petro-products from biological development on the planet Earth will ultimately run dry, as everyone has known for some time.
But it turns out that the moon contains a strange and non-existent...
It's a novel new source of power.
You can read all about it if you just type in a search to Helium-3.
Helium-3, only found on the moon.
A perfect source of clean nuclear reaction.
And a source of infinite energy.
An ironic aspect of that is that another chemical or mineral that can only be found on the moon is Kaverite.
Well...
And you need Kaverite to get to the moon.
No, they don't have Kaverite.
I'm sorry to correct you.
They were unable to create Kaverite on the moon out of lunar elements.
And one reason...
Oh, I didn't know they tried.
They tried.
They tried to create Kaverite both in the movie and in the book.
On the book it was suggested...
Well, friends, this is a historic speech that was taking place some time ago in the annals of subgenius history, as I said.
I thought that was us just now.
No, that was us long time ago.
But the interesting thing is we are here now.
I can't tell the recordings from reality anymore, Dr. L.
Well, settle back.
I can't because I wasn't on that other one.
Yeah, but that's because it was at an X day that you didn't deign to attend.
Let me introduce for our friends who are listening the variegated persons here in our studio.
Who you calling variegated?
Now, now, we'll figure out about the gates and all of that in a bit of time.
But right now, leading the dance, Dr. Reverend Ivan Stang, the sacred scribe of the Church of the Subgenius,
who you were just hearing in an archival recording, is actually here present.
And with him, his co-conspirator in crime, Dr. Philo Drummond.
He is actually here with us in our studio.
That's him performing the salute.
In addition, we may expect Zero Boy to be with us at some time tonight.
And sitting in our studio are two auditors who are here to keep the rest of us honest.
Leslie Sternberg Alexander, cartoonist, late of New York City, and visitor from Pomona, California, Olympia.
Here to make sure that this show is indeed a memorable one.
As it ought to be, we have all the advantages and none of the disadvantages.
Eh, Stang?
That's right, Dr. Howell.
And, uh, actually isn't it?
Well, what about Pomona from Olympia, Washington?
Wasn't she gonna be here too?
Yeah, well, I think Olympia, Washington, and Pomona are there already.
Pomona is this sleepy little stop on the railroad line.
Pomona is this sleepy little stop on the railroad line.
My train is often passed through there.
And I've looked out the window and wondered what it was like.
A girl I was in love with in college used to live there.
But I've never gotten off that train.
This sounds like something we're gonna do a waltz to or something here, Dr. Howell.
Well, it's a tango, actually, to speak rather narrowly.
But we need not stay with that particular form, particularly as the night grows long and heavy and our feet are heavy.
Turn into the clumsy clodhoppers they often are.
But I have a remedy for that, too.
Our clumsy clodhopping feet.
Behind Leslie, there is a pocket in that blue garment.
And in that pocket, there is that which will make us all happy.
But, you know, I have a feeling I have to retrieve it myself.
And we're not gonna be clodhopping as much, right?
Well, we are clods, but we will hop from statement to statement.
We're gonna be clipping and popping.
We're not gonna be clodhopping our peas.
We could.
Something that makes me happy is lappy.
Well, we'll do that.
I'm not gonna talk without popping my peas.
You misunderstand what I mean.
How about a...
Like lappy dancing?
Does anyone have an incendiary device?
Does Philo, in fact, have an incendiary...
I can make fire by rubbing two sticks together.
Very good.
Yes, he is able.
I rub two joint sticks together.
The greatest achievement of man.
Make a match.
Two frop sticks rubbed together will create fire.
To create energy.
Energy from the environment.
The energy of fire.
Oh, how wonderful it is as we consider that man's other adventure and invention is time.
Time hath endless rarities and shows of all varieties,
which revealeth old things in heaven.
And empty packages to all and everyone else there, Dr. Howe.
They're empty?
But run is not empty.
Something escaped its enclosure, I see there.
Well, don't be concerned about these beasts roaming around.
Sip it up.

Well, look, you've just got to take things as they are and take the bitter with the sweet.
During our winter trip last year, subgenius church co-subfounders
Dr. Philodrummon and I, Reverend Stang, appeared with other guests twice on Dr. Howe's
two-hour show on Radio Valencia in San Francisco.
The first one and three live puzzling evidence shows are strewn about among other hours of slack
along with the collages and songs and vacation reports and plenty more of all that will come
when we get some time control back.
However, the second Dr. Howe show, just rediscovered, had not been chopped up and categorized
and best of all, with only a few edits, was hour of slack ready.
About halfway into the show, a creature known as Zero Boy arrived.
Apparently, he's an experienced improv comedian well known to Dr. Howe,
and since he was not known to me, he blew my mind.
And I suspect he will yours too.
Now is everyone all comfortable in here with the drugs and alcohol and sound effects and...
I could use some more alcohol.
Now we can relax, have fun.
I have the rules, that list of rules that we use for the puzzling evidence show.
Well, let's have it.
But this is the station where we break all the rules, isn't it?
This station...
This station...
But we have to know what they are to break.
Those are universal rules.
Those particular...
Oh, we're not talking about YSCB, are we?
No, we're not talking about yogurt this time.
But we are talking about the greater freedom that we have here at Radio Valencia.
YBSC.
So that implies the question being asked, YBSC.
Well, I thought that had something to do with yogurt.
No.
YSBSC treats or something?
It means yelling Bob Slattery.
YBSC, YPFC.
Yelling Bob Slack Conspiracy.
What more do you need to know?
That's my job.
Nothing.
One needs to know nothing.
YPFC, Yelling Bob Slack Conspiracy.
Aren't those four really really kind of boil the Church of the Subgenius down to its constituent
elements?
Well, that's what we're going to have to do.
Its essence.
We're going to have to try the try works.
Yelling Bob Slack Conspiracy.
Sure.
Everybody likes to do that.
Whispering Bob Slack Conspiracy.
It doesn't work.
It doesn't do any good at all.

Whispering under the dwarf maples.
Well, what we're going to have to do is...
Morite temporum volumptuous.
You mean voluntas?
No, volumptuous.
Yeah, that's...
It's a rarely, a very rare, rarely used Latin word.
All right, well, let me get this down.
I'll have to transcribe it, but fortunately I learned touch typing.
Well, here's a nib. Here's a new nib for you to transcribe with.
I'll use the typewriter.
You can use this new nib if you'd like.
Those nibs are for a special occasion.
I'll just... I'm, you know, I have 40 words a minute, so...
So we went from the syncopated clock to the syncopated typewriter now.
You called it, buddy. That's the way we do it out here.
We shift forward. We keep them on their toes.
But that fire that you had, is that going to be available?
Because pretty soon we're going to...
We're going to need it again, the way things are going.
The fire...
The fire is in your loins, doctor.
The fire... Well, that, of course, won't... is true, but it won't light us up, as it were.
Lighten up, dude.
Where's the fire?
In your eyes, Lieutenant Cratchit.
Yeah, right.
I think that's what he was looking for.
It's pink, I can't help but observe.
You're standing on my...
Hey, hey, hey, put it back.
Put it on my neck.
Uh-uh.
Uh-uh.
That's not the lighter.
That's, uh, Philo's, uh, you know.
Oh, I see.
Finger.
But why does fire come out of the end?
Oh, well, I guess he has one of those...
Why ask why?
He's an overman.
He's got the Venusian, uh, epizootis.
You've got to get tested for that.
So, why isn't...
Is there a phone number that listeners can call?
Yes, it's...
Oh, so that means we can't get callers on the line anymore, right?
Uh, to tell the truth, Dr. Drummond, I don't know.
Dr. Drummond, the last time they tried to call, we weren't able to hook them up because
this station periodically suffers from, uh, problems of that nature.
But we could try...
It's like phone-ephasia.
It might well be.
Phone-ephasia.
Let's, uh, let's give it a test, shall we?
No, callers is one of the rules.
Let's try it.
No, they should be able to call.
There's supposed to be callers on these shows.
They, well, you know, we can't always do...
Oh, there's a question, uh, or an observation.
But I'm going to...
Let's throw it open in case anyone out there wants to call.
Because we have here a turbo-philosophorum.
A crowd of philosophers and great subgenius sages.
We have cartoonists.
We have people who ought to be able to answer questions.
And, of course, I'm one of them, so...
We have cartoonists.
Yeah, cartoonists know everything.
You know, to draw something, you have to know...
I mean, can you draw a water faucet the way it actually looks
with the handle and the bolts and so on?
You have to have a huge register of stuff in your head.
So true, so true.
Cartoonists are the unacknowledged legislators of mankind.
I can draw a spigot.
Yes, old spigot, old sport.
I have every belief that you can.
That was just a randomly chosen example.
And, of course, we cartoonists do have what Leslie Sternberg Alexander called a morgue.
A large collection of pictures which we use.
Or at least that's what we used to.
Before the Internet to see what things looked like.
But you see, Dr. Howell, I'm not really a graphic artist.
I'm more of a word artist.
That's true.
I like to draw pretty word pictures in the mind.
He's a philo-sopher.
Well, let's see if all these people out there can help us out with that project.
I'm a high school philo-sopher.
So here we go, philo.
This is what you wanted.
Call us, folks, at...
Area code.
No valve for reason.
Neon.
Valve.
Nevis.
Yeah.
Valve.
Now, we're all...
That's...
No valve for reason.
Neon.
Valve.
Nevis.
Yeah.
In the 415 area code.
We can't guarantee that we'll be able to take your call.
But who knows?
We might be able to.
For Hour of Slack listeners, that number is...
We can put that in later.
Can't we?
That's the way all the numbers sound on the Hour of Slack.
Dr. Howell, I only take callers from your stations.
Oh, that is sad.
But because they go from my station to numerous other stations, I hide the actual phone numbers that you give out.
Because otherwise, little old ladies in Atlanta and Cleveland and so forth will be called up by Copy Bob.
That would be a terrible thing.
Copy Bob's all right these days.
He's actually kind of mellowed out.
He has.
He's calmed down a lot.
What about Lonesome Cowboy Dave?
Lonesome Cowboy Dave's really mellowed out, too.
He's calmed down a lot.
He's the only person who is allowed to call the Hour of Slack.
He's really calmed down a lot.
It's easy to put the Bob head in a copier and copy it.
Copy Bob heads in a copier?
You have to get it even closer to him.
I fear we've gone...
You could put the Bob head in a photocopier.
Yeah, we put the Bob head in the photocopier and we do...
We put the lime in the coconut.
We do a funny thing.
We mix it all together.
We move it all around.
The Bob head, it looks all distorted and weird and everything.
Put the Bob head on a condom.
We've done that, too, actually.
And a Connie, also.
Isn't that correct, Reverend Stey?
Those have been removed from my catalog because the manufacturers won't answer my questions about royalties.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Well, I don't mean to give misleading information.
So that particular company is not to be trusted.
For legal purposes, I won't say their name.
Hmm.
Okay.
If it knocks any publicity.
I've been observing this subject, Dr. Howell, for several years on and off now.
He tends to doodle and fiddle with a pen on the paper tape.
So frequently that I...
Something is happening in the motorcade.
It's hard to imagine any number of...
...shaffers being enough for Dr. Howell.
Too much is always better than not enough, Bob famously said.
We teach in the church.
You know, Bob wasn't always firing on all cylinders.
It sounds good.
It sounds good.
But actually...
That's what counts in this cult business.
Yes, it does.
But theologically...
Something sounds fishy to me.
It is questionable.
I agree with you.
It smells fishy and sounds funny.
I agree with you.
It's like Coney Island whitefish from the other conversation.
Exactly.
Coney Island whitefish...
It doesn't pass the field test.
Well, the problem is, you see, that it is the nature of evil to take a good thing and to distort it in size until it becomes an evil thing.
And that would be what too much is always better than not enough might lead to.
This is flipping me out.
I know.
It's a terrible thing.
A terrible thing.
This is static.
I can't tell where it is.
On the other hand...
Are your headphones?
We are able to discuss...
We are able to discuss it.
Because we are originators here.
So if we need to alter our basic precepts or modify them in some way, we are the only ones qualified to do it.
Where was...
I wrote down the most wise thing.
What's this ticky-ticky thing?
My new fictional Shorterpersev said something on the show I saw tonight.
My hero, my new hero under Bob...
Oh, here it is.
Is...
The great historical figure Al Swearengen, made popular by that old TV show called Deadwood.
Yes, I remember that old show.
Which I only just started seeing this week.
It's pretty good, isn't it?
Yeah, I've really been enjoying it.
But today, in today's episode, Al made the statement,
Announcing your plans is a good way to make God laugh.
Yeah, it's true.
So we can plan all we want.
I think you always tempt at your plans when you jinx them, potentially, if you talk too much about them.
Keep it close to the vest.
Announcing your plans is a good way to make Bob steal them.
Stank.
Well, there you go.
You see, the main point is, be discreet.
Keep it close to the vest.
Don't blab it to the whole world.
Because then everyone has to see how well you did.
And that's an added source of stress.
If you think about it, Bob already said this in a slightly different way when he said that
if you want to be thought of as a true...
truly original person, you have to be careful about who you plagiarize.
Right. Imitate the right people.
Right.
Plagiarize.
Conspiracy wants to take over.
Don't let another's work evade your eyes.
So don't shade your eyes.
Plagiarize.
Plagiarize, plagiarize, plagiarize, plagiarize.
Only be sure to call it research.
Now from the Rewardian point of view, achieving a goal is not nearly as important as conceiving it
and studying it.
And then patting yourself on the back of your head, saying,
look ahead of time and telling all your friends how great it is, what you're about to do.
And for the Rewardian that's enough.
You don't have to actually do the thing that you've announced.
You don't have to fulfill the plan.
That's—
You know you can.
You've already conceived of it...
...G. Gordon Gordon spoke of this.
He was Bob's rather ineffectual bodyguard
I've actually expounded on this from time to time.
In my private practice and in public.
As G. Gordon Gordon put it, you form the idea in your head.
You make a perfect picture.
You know exactly what you're going to do.
And then...
Paint a perfect word picture.
You blow it off.
You blow it all off.
Forget about it.
I've had my slack from it.
I don't need to do it.
I already know I can.
But not everyone is in that enviable catbird seat, Ivan.
Not everybody can be so serene.
The catbird seat.
No, one out of ten, generally, ends up an emergentile.
The opposite of the rewardian.
Those who only gain slack from ongoing emergencies.
And handling them.
Control freaks.
OCD crazy people.
OCD?
Those who actually run the church of the subgenius the next day and so forth.
It's opposite ends of a spectrum.
And actually it's a more...
More of a...
Of a...
A parabola.
Desperation is a great...
And it can swing.
Someone can be an emergentile and actually, by the end of their life, become a rewardian and vice versa.
You don't have to be one your entire life.
That's true.
But it's rare that people change.
It is rare.
Only under heavy acubating and reprogramming.
Under acubating, reprogramming, and extreme age application.
Truly, this...
A lot of people...

Makes me sad.
Makes a huge difference.
I thought it would be easier.
The more years, the greater the difference.
Somehow I thought it would get easier as we went along.
But instead, only another thicket of thorns and complications.
A tangle.
A mare's nest.
We will never be able to extricate ourselves.
But it's a different briar patch, Briar Hal.
Just don't throw me in there.
Yeah, that's what they all say.
Don't throw me in that briar...
Oh, Jesus.
Don't throw me in...
Oh, go ahead and throw me in Christian hell.
Please, please.
Anything but subgenius hell.
Throw me in that Christian hell, won't you please?
It'd be so nice compared to subgenius...
His name does not appear in the Book of Life.
Cast him into subgenius hell.
Praise God!
Oh, how sad.
Indeed.
Well, you know...
No, because the subgenius hell is better than the Christian heaven,
as has been said 800 times.
800 million times.
But maybe not this decade.
Let us enjoy life.
And here in the before life, we can do that.
Before we have to go through that straight and narrow gate
made of adamantium before the beginning of the universe.
You know that one, right?
Straight is the gate and narrow is the path that leadeth unto heaven.
Wide is the gate.
And...
Short is the path that leadeth unto this truth.
And short and fat are the adherents of God.
Bald is the head.
And warty is the nose.
And smelly...
A path to knowledge.
Smelly is the pants.
Or we could say, many are called and few...
But few are chosen.
Yes, exactly.
Just as the salmon waste so many eggs in the stream during spawning,
only a few will become little fishies,
which in turn will be snapped up by eager predators.
Of the fluid medium.
Until finally, you only have one or two to reach your table
for a delicious dish.
Because you know I am a member of PETA,
People Eating Them Animals.
I thought it was people eating tasty animals.
Well, of course, one wants to eat the tasty ones,
but there are gluttons for punishment.
I, um...
I managed to...
Speaking of gluttons for punishment,
I managed to get a sperm cell to an egg twice.
In your evil experiments?
Oh, I see.
And one of the results then reproduced again.
So there are multiple little stanging things out there now.
That's grandfather.
Yeah, I'm a grandpa.
He's your own grandpa.
People make fun of me because...
Not I.
Of a thing...
I shall eternally envy you.
That I don't have.
I have no progeny.
And I can say, oh, you're so wrong.
No grandchildren.
Or even not-so-grandchildren.
I've got seven of them things, if you count those little boys.
Well, you've done your duty by the species.
You've done your duty by the species,
and there's no error on it.
It's Bob said, make more little yetis.
And you know what that means, kids.
Yetis right once again.
You've got to...
There's only one way to have more little yetis,
and that's to reproduce.
There's only one way to reproduce,
and I think we know what that is.
That is...
Multiplication and long division.
There you go.
And...
Addition.
Distraction and uglification.
You know, I've been staying...
And fission.
Fission, yes, that's my way.
Budding.
Budding into other people's business.
I'm trying to remember the name for animal fuels that reproduce.
They can all be females.
And...
Parthenogenesis.
Yeah, parth... that's it.
Parthenogenesis.
I...
Parthenogenesis.
Parthenogenesis.
That one scares me.
It does, because it makes the male sex completely irrelevant.
Yeah, yeah.
At one point I mentioned...
But there are parth...
The examples of parthenogenesis, that it does occur between males.
No, it doesn't.
Philo's just trying to give us some help,
but I'm not as kindly as he is.
I'll find that example. I remember it.
He's trying to...
But so what?
The male cannot give birth to the offspring.
Whatever they do...
No, in this case, the male can,
and they switch back and forth
and display hermaphroditic properties when necessary.
That's how them dinosaurs got off of Jurassic Park.
Um...
The problem is that in the condition of parthenogenesis,
no male offspring can be created.
The only offspring are females.
You knew that, right?
Right.
But...
What about when an amoeba spawns?
What about when a female splits?
Which one is the female and which one is the male then?
They don't have sex, exactly.
Amoebas are immortal, Philo.
They never die.
One little-known fact about amoebas, though,
is that there are many kinds of amoebas.
Even Tommy Amoeba...
Tommy Amoeba.
I just...
He thought that the Proteus amoeba was...
You know, the classic one that you think of,
is the only kind of amoeba.
But no, there are shelled amoebas,
there are brain-eating amoebas...
You know, just a week ago...
A week ago, I was standing right next to Tommy Amoeba,
the lowest form of life.
Praise Tommy Amoeba.
Because he was down there in Santa Ana...
Hail the Amoeba.
...for the opening of the Cacophony Society movie,
Into the Zone.
And I had to sit in that movie theater
and look at the screen as, 40 feet high,
my oozing fatness bulged forth from the screen.
And it wasn't even in 3D, but it sure looked as if it did.
My God, it's awful.
They used to see themselves on TV.
But in a movie, it's even worse.
It's huge, huge.
And it's truly said that the camera adds weight to you.
But in my case, that was already a done deal.
But that was back in a time when you were
carrying a little more weight than you do now, Dr. Howe.
It is true, but the movie will outlive me.
And so that's the way I'll look in eternity, don't you see?
That music is hurting my ears.
I'm terribly sorry, Ivan.
But let's see if we can get...
Just a little too...
I'm very sensitive, you know.
Let's try a different one.
It sounds pretty new-agey, man.
How about this, old fella?
Yes, we can't have a sage be dissatisfied
with the musical content of our program,
and so we're ready at any time...
Oh, the music was fine.
I just couldn't hear you over it because of that good enough...
Oh, I could have trained to switch.
That's fine.
That's the thing that lives in my ear.
You got any Cthulhu music in there?
How about...
That pipe in my ear...
What music, Fyler?
Some Cthulhu music in there?
I was playing that.
Now we've got U.B. Blake.
Well, I'll be.
You be that?
U.B. Blake?
I wouldn't be Blake if I had...
Yes, I'll be Bob Dob on that one.
Gentlemen, this is probably music that Dobbs himself
listened to on his sales route,
because it is historically the all-American music.
And so that Indian music that you are listening to,
I whisked away,
and now we're listening to the raw stock of America.
You know, pre-Tin Pan Alley,
but absolutely red, white, and blue.
Yes, sir, gentlemen, that's what you're listening to,
all because Ivan Stang demanded it.
I insist upon only the music...
Ivan Stang!
My ears may go only where Bob's ears have already trod.
Ivan Stang!
I can only listen to music that Bob has already heard.
Ears may come...
I bet it's how dedicated you are.
And the ears may go...
Ivan Stang!
But Ivan Stang goes on forever.
And I have to hear everything he ever heard,
and that's really getting to you.
He had terrible taste.
Ivan Stang!
Stang relics...
And he's still listening to crap, too.
Pogo sticks?
Does Stang ever exercise on a pogo stick,
I believe is the question.
What about that?
Do we all want to see you bouncing up and down?
No, I exercise on...
I did that on a Wii.
Ah, that's much better.
W-I-I, the Wii game.
Oh, I'm sorry, I thought you meant...
Oh, well.
Well, you could...
Either way, but we did get one of those.
We did?
Yes, we got a Wii.
Well, when you gotta go, you gotta go.
You can virtually pogo on a Wii.
The game, not the princess.
Go-go and pogo.
Or you could go on the princess, too.
Go on the...
Oh, dear.
Ivan, Ivan.
Oh, my God.
My dear fellow, here, let me...
Oh, my God, that plague has come back.
The plague.
I was on the way out here three months ago.
I started coughing, and I coughed for three weeks.
It's not the cough that carries you off.
It's the coffin that they carry you off in.
Every subgenius I've met got the cough.
I have it, since you insist on mentioning it.
Yes, I was coughing.
I was coughing up sputum earlier, my dear fellow.
Yeah, you got it.
I got it, and I got it bad.
It's been around here before I got here, though.
And furthermore, I have a theory about it.
A theory that would freeze your young blood.
Freeze it in your soul.
Make your two eyes start from their spheres, and each particular hair to stand on end.
That Bob music is too loud.
Oh, there, all right, I'll turn that down, too.
It's just way too loud.
You know, you just don't like anything we got here.
No, no, it's just too loud.
We got chocolate, we got vanilla, we got strawberry.
It's too loud in the mix.
How do I get it across?
Here, here's one you're sure to enjoy.
How can I explain?
It's the volume, it's not the content.
I can't even hear the content.
I don't know what's going on.
No, thank you.
No dogs allowed in the studio.
So, they call you Zero Boy, right?
They sure do.
Oh, not me, him.
Yeah.
Yes.
Because we have Zero Boy here in the studio with us right now.
Zero, you are...
You're listening.
Shall I turn the music down?
Maybe I should.
Let's let that earlier age recede into the endless confusion of parties of history, into
a labyrinth of banners, shields, and meaningless escutcheons.
Because who needs music when you have Zero Boy?
Now, didn't I hear of a guy named Zero Man?
Isn't there a Zero Man?
Don't interrupt him when he's in the middle of one of his episodes.
His fumes.
Who's gonna talk some gang abi?
Not today.
What the hell just happened?
Who good.
It used to be like the—
I'm dead, I'm dead.
Agent 44, you report.
Yes, after speaking with the doctor, what's the name?
Here's the paper.
Dr. Robbins, we got a report.
Here, let me just play the tape.
Dr. Robbins, can you please confirm your data?
Well, you know, I don't have it all available.
I'm at the mercy of cyber attacks.
When you say cyber attacks, sir, do you mean attacks on computer-animated organisms?
They are some sort of virtual ants, yes, I believe.
Well, sir, I'd like to know then, how many of these creatures are living amongst humans?
A little gravy here for the colonel.
Well, I don't really know, but they are a problem.
You know, these are...
Argentine army ants.
They have vast colonies, larger than states, and they vote, too.
But we're going to do what we can to purify this once great land of ours,
so arthropods will only be a gleam in some fictioneer's eye.
There down below.
Doctor, you see that?
Yes, can you hit them from here?
I think so. Hold on, we're going to load.
Oh, boy, this is great, folks.
Munition type, sir, we were told by the commander to give you any options that you need on munition.
I want you to use your best judgment, lads, and just have at them.
How about a mix of some thermonuke and a little bit of gas?
Throw in a little Bordeaux mixture, and I'm your man.
All right, load her up.
Meanwhile, down below.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.














Oh.
No!
No!
Look at all those ants!
Disgusting.
Revolting.
Look at that helicopter.
It's here to rescue us.
Hell, a cop there.
Fire.
Oh, that's terrible.
That's excessive overreaction.
Oh, that was...
Oh, my God.
You like that?
Actually, I'm still trying to process that last bit of information.
You know, here at the Pleasure Dome, we offer all types of pleasure for gentlemen like you.
And what would be the price range you're talking about?
Well, we've processed your credit card.
It seems like you can afford anything, doctor.
Okay, all right.
Now, see, I don't even have a credit card.
Your sources of information are wrong.
I wish your people would stop calling me.
You know, I sleep during the day.
So, how many of these calls have you gotten, Mr. Robbins?
Well, not any tonight.
I have a feeling we're at the virtue of busted telephonic equipment.
All right, if you can just give us once again your telephone number, please.
That's E-I-R-O-R-E-E-R-O.
It was R-E-R-O.
R-E-R-O.
Okay.
Why do you need the address?
You just need a number.
You don't want...
Well, hold on one second, sir.
I'm sorry.
I'm going to transfer you over to Billy.
Oh, good.
Yes, you got Billy.
What's up?
What happened, Dan?
Well, you would tell me.
I mean, they put you on...
All right.
First things first.
Give me your telephone number, please.
That's 9-6-5-6-5-9-9.
All right.
And date of birth, please.
Let me see.
The birthplace was Lebanon, Indiana.
Last four digits of your cell security number.
2-9-4-7.
And your date of birth, please.
That was...
Last four digits of your cell security number.
2-9-4-7.
Your date of birth.
Please.
4-9-
Last four digits of your cell security number.
2-9-4-7.
Date of birth, please.
4-7.
Last four digits of your cell security number.
2-9-4-6.
Yes.
I first met him.
I was sent by the police to go to the bar.
And I was told to look for him.
It was really obvious what he looked like.
And he sidled up to me.
We ordered some drinks.
And then he took me home.
And for a specific amount of money.
How much was you offered?
How many times, my boy?
Well, 18 times.
But it was then that I found out that he was a Klingon.
I was a little surprised.
Was it the Klingon bath oil beads that gave him away?
Yeah, actually it was.
I thought it was a joke until I saw them.
And then at that point...
That's when I found out that he had been overruled by...
By Cylons.
Well, he could turn himself in at the Kardashian Embassy in Los Angeles.
Welcome to the Kardashian Embassy.
How can I help you, Mr. Robbins?
Well, I'm just a fan.
I'm actually from San Francisco.
You've probably heard of it.
But I just...
So are you here for...
I just like to be where they hang out.
And look at your setup.
Your layout.
It's beautiful.
You know, I really feel I am in the city.
I'm going to give you...

I'm going to give you 14.2 Drekons to get the hell out of my office.
Boop.
All right.
So the first thing I'd like to bring up is that when we install the chip,
what will happen is we'll be able to monitor any and all medical functions occurring in your body.
And the chip in itself will store...
That seems slightly...
All of your medical records.
No, no, no.
No.
That's so last century.
All right.
So as I was saying...
So how do they do it now?
Well, they inject it.
But now they have chip mods.
And so now you can get them larger.
Simon, Theodore, and Alvin.
Yes.
Chip mods.
That's obscene.
But heard.
Well...
I'm going to hurl.
Hey, Hal.
What?
What time is it?
I don't know.
But there's some sort of huge...
It's bigger than a freaking crocodile.
Maybe you can see it's got weird long nose.
It's got a lot of teeth.
And it just...
Swallowed that...
That other creature that was following us for days.
Again...
What the hell is that thing, man?
Well, they call it a...
Sarcosuchus.
What the...
I'll tell you.
Psychosuchus out there.
Scares the hell out of me.
Sarco as in...
Of death and the dead.
In other words, a carrion eating gigantic crocodile.
Anything ending in sucus is a crocodile.
Wow.
It's amazing that you know that.
So at least...
At least you know when it eats you, you'll know what you're being eaten by.
The foul, cruel crocodile god, Seabek, who pulls you under when you're attempting to make your pilgrimage in the skyboat across the sky.
I think it was really cool.
And there's a bad hippopotamus in there, too.
That Mr. Desson, rest his soul, and he tasted wonderful.
That he was smart enough to take that shotgun and those 200 rounds.
But those were incredible special effects.
And I don't care who knows that I say so.
And I'll buy the next 100 rounds myself.
But would somebody hand me some liquor?
I know it's in here.
I want a bottle of booze in my hand.
I can't fuck it unless I'm pouring the rot shots down my yap.
It's a...
I prefer the light to the dark.
I know I have no taste.
I'm...
What?
Oh, there you go.
Bush Bavarian beer.
Oh, what a horrible thing to drink.
Yeah, I said Bush Bavarian beer.
Bush!
When you drink it, your breath will stink.
Bush!
That's a little bit better.
My word, what peculiar tasting stuff this is.
In fact, it is not beer at all, but hard cider.
Very.
Very.

You vomit.
You vomit.

I'm an old sugar-challenged fellow.
Well, you heard Zero Boy.
Did you hear that?
It's 1103.
All you yokels.
That's what we...
That was amazing.
He's going to be...
I looked over to the side.
I thought I was hearing a mechanical tape.
And he will be performing tomorrow at the Ask Dr. Hal show at Veracocha, 998 Valencia Street.
And there's that syncopated clock again.
Yes, the ticking, the talking.
The time of the show.
It struck 24 when he entered at the door with a beautiful, blooming bride.
But it stopped short, never to go again.
When the old man died, wasn't it?
When the old man died, right.
How sad that someone had to die just to make that clock stop beating and ticking and pounding and pounding.
It did stop.
It stopped.
Killing and killing.
Well, um.
Causing pain.
Pain.
Pain without gain.
You, sir.
You, sir.
Yes.
I was wondering, sir.
Why, yes.
The meaning of life.
What is the meaning of life, really?
Consider the noosphere, the realm of things known, and the physical universe itself as we understand it on our plane
and together with a number of possible shifting universes.
This is a characteristic of it.
With the productions of energy come an organization of matter, a complexity.
What is the end of this complexity except an organized intelligence, such as we already know that we ourselves possess?
If the universe, then, may be viewed as an oblong, something like a peanut in shape, a peanut with a shell on, that is,
the entire purpose is for it to extend a pseudonym.
The end of the universe is a self-knowledge, and this is the ultimate knowledge of everything.
You can give a dollar to Miss Phelps.
At least that's what the humans say.
Well, you have the alien philosophy at hand, at your elbow?
Not readily dispensable here.
I however do.
Wait one moment.
Just as fish.
Believe God is a giant fish, you know, these aliens have their own...
What about the fish? That's what about... you can't speak for the fish.
I can speak for the aliens from their own tongue.
I can and will speak for the fish, but first let's hear from those critters from far from here.
Lark Torsh, brought forth by the Star of Krall, was then leader.
Therefore give up all thy rights, because Lark Torsh, in the fourteenth dimension...
Henceforward.
Well, we read that...
That's a good point. He makes a very, very good point there.
Motion was tabled by the chair and sent to the floor for review, but the bench, well, it was terrible.
Darmok and Jalad at Tanagra.
Well, let's relax, because we're among friends here and have some more of this delicious tropical brew.
Darmok with arms held high.
What happened to Reverend Stang? Did we drive him out of our paradise with the flaming sword?
The terrible whirling sword and the cherubim set before the... oh!
And they say their pleasant goodbyes and fade off into the sunset.
Farewell.
Farewell.

Farewell.
The train.
Come again.
The train car. Something like one.
But this I tell you, he's our wedding guest.
Alien transport, vessel obviously, disguised to look like a three-car.
He prayeth best, who loveth best, both man and bird and beast.
Ah, birds and the beasts.
He prayeth best, who loveth best, all creatures, great and small. For the dear god who loveth us, he made and loveth all.
Now drink your coconut juice.
In fact, I'm going to have some.
That's fresh.
Incredible.
Is there any truth that coconut juice is good for you?
That's what everyone believes around here.
I am dying for her.
My heart is...
There's certainly something appealing about it.
I'll take it in a cup.
Darmok and Jalad at Tanagra.
Very bold, very bold, it will be better.
Uh, is that a challenge to the people of Earth?
It certainly is.
Those ETs don't know when they're well off, which is when in their own bailiwick.
Humans are destructive creatures. They mess with us at their peril.
Timba is arms wide.
I'll tell you who will prevail in the struggle between eight aliens.
Whoever's basic planetary setup has more energy in it.
The more energetic beings will prevail.
Well, I was wondering...
It's a simple matter of mechanical energy, not anything more.
What kind of mechanical energy are we talking about?
We're talking about the kind of energy that is kinetic.
We're talking about a static energy.
Ultimately, when talking about any planetary system, it's the star that is responsible.
And as you know, not all are created equal.
You mean stars? You mean stars, Dr. Howe?
Yes, like our star. Our star that you can see from afar. Yes, indeed.
I'm sorry, I must have been doing that. Excuse me.
Our star, the sun, the center of the heating system.
You know, without old...
Without old Sol, none of this would be possible.
And though not willing in particular to subscribe to the heresy of the monotheistic pharaoh Akhenaten,
I still think the sun is a pretty important thing.
Well, all our energy that we're able to put out, we get from it.
If you come from a system with a star that is weaker, you will be proportionately weaker, atomically, structurally, in every way.
Unable to put out the amount of energy that old fat Earth people can.
It wears me out just thinking about it, Dr. Howe.
But that's because we know that as we are superior to those other planets in our forms of energy...
I'm feeling like Reverend Stang.
There are others who are vastly above us in such a regard.
He's got old gimpy leg coming in here, knocking the microphones around.
Oh, it's all special effects, ladies and gentlemen.
I've often...
It's all programmed to sound that way. It came on the tape.
Well, um, if you say so, sure, certainly.
Darmok and Jalad at Tanagra.
Yeah, but they're really...
Darmok with arms open wide.
Well, I'm quite chuffed that Cormac left me all these, uh,
great CDs of, uh, archaic music and so on, like the kind I play on the show.
I admit it.
Uh, you know, I, uh, am not following in the footsteps of Robo DJ here.
You can hear that all the time on the show.
But now I play these peculiar ditties.
What are you following in the footsteps of?
In the footsteps of giants, because, uh, I slipped off the shoulders of the giant.
No, I...
I have a statement.
Giant steps. Now, I remember that sound.
I have a statement.
I left my seven-league boots at home. And now, Reverend Stang.
I have excremated, uh, uh, excremeditated on this.
Did you pyroflagellate?
When you were at your devotion.
Did you pyroflagellate in there?
What's excremate? What does that mean?
I think that's a...
What does excremate mean?
That's an obvious flagellation.
Anyway, anyway, the point is, I was...
That's a bastardization.
...possi...
...michelatilatation.
I was, uh, excremeditated.
Bastardized word, if I ever...
Now, now, boys.
...with this wonderful magazine, Prehistoric Times.
Yes, everyone should subscribe to the Prehistoric Times.
I'm going to do that.
I thought I might extract some radio out of...
Oh, you'll love it. You'll absolutely love it.
But, uh, but what I was going to say, the main result of my profound and thoughtful extra meditation was to...
Yes?
Bastard!
What I just heard you two guys do just blew my mind.
Oh, look at Philo dance to that, uh, we don't need it.
...Bulgarian music. That's...
That's...
...a little light on his feet.
It really brings out the, the, kind of like the, the European racial heritage in me, this music.
And me too, Philo.
Finding myself...
I have some, uh, connection to those, uh, Mediterranean countries.
...strange convulsion to dance.
...to dance.
Actually, the first time I heard Irish, uh...
I feel the age to dance.
...through my mother's side of family.
...folk music, I, I was riveted.
I feel the age to dance.
Oh my God, I've heard this before.
No, no, no. But let's, on the other hand, keep it intense.
Let us dance.
Let us dance in that chair.

And that time I heard the end of folk music, I thought, I've heard this before.
There goes Philo with the vine leaves in his hair, throwing his head back, uh...
Whoa!
...my God, what a lusty vigor he has for life.
He learned that dance from the priestesses in Atlantis.
And man can they cut a rug.
Ah, yes.
Ah, Philo, spinning and twirling.
It is incredible, is it not?
One lock's blowing in the wind from his mustache.
Ah, yes.
Mustache.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Such exuberance.
I learned this in Willing Dermish class.
...the women of Dermish class.
Oh, yes.
Ah.
Oh, I'm getting a little sweaty here.
I'm gonna slow down a bit.

No, you're drumming.
No, the sweat is flying off of me like rainwater.
Now sit over there.
Thank you.
I'm completely soaked now.
Well, here, uh, let's, uh, dry you off.
Give a towel, Dr. Howell.
Don't put on any Irish folk music or I'll be dead.
Well, and...
I'll be jigging around licking your little leprechaun.
Oh, well, that was another...
Tis like a drop of dew.
No more lucky charms.
No more Irish, no more lucky charms.
It is just Irish laughter.
Yeah, no more lucky charms.
My lucky charms up the wazoo.
They're magically delicious.
But...
They're always after me, lucky eyes.
We can't still talk about monsters, right?
Green intestines.
Can we resend...
Yellow livers.
Can we resend that rule about the lucky charms?
Pink hearts.
Oh, what the fuck?
Is this for tonight?
What the...
What the...
Can we do it just for tonight?
Five minutes.
For five minutes, okay.



We're gonna resend the lucky charms rule for the next five minutes.
Well, I suppose we can do that.
I don't know why it's so wonderful to riff on that stupid commercial.
Ah, yes.
Pink clovers.
Yes, we were just there.

Just there, a moment ago.
Pink hearts.
Flaming meteors.
Okay, yes.
Flaming...
Get your hands off my lucky charms.
Flaming asteroids.

Dwarf stars.
Get your stinking paws off my lucky charms.

Black holes.
Nebunas.
Proto-sun fields.
Black holes.
Green boogers.
Red suns.
Yellow suns.
Blue suns.
Kryptonian suns.
Negative space.
Oh, my God.
Dark anti-matter galaxies.
They could put you on a...
Quit playing with that door, would you?
Crawling forms of things unknown.
Why do they always call me?
Does no one...
When you're on the show.
They call you when you're on a show.
Oh, it's the princess, please.
Well, better talk to the princess.





Talk to her.
Tell her we're all right.
Princess Wee is on the other line.
We're okay, folks.
We're okay.
I'm on the show.
He's on the show, ladies and gentlemen.
Well, uh...
Um, the problem is you can't call into the show.
No one can call into the show.
You can try.
The doors are locked.
You can try.
You can try.
Or you could try, I suppose.
What's that number?
Well, let me give it to you.
If you're ready, that's...
No.
We are...
We are...
We are...
We are...

We are...
We are...
415 Area Code.
Yes, call any time, day or night, if the spirit so moves you.
There will always be a pastor here to receive your heart unto J.R.
Bob Dobbs and his merciful mallet of miracles.
Sir, can you bring on a miracle for me right now to shine in my dusty corner of life?
Well, I'm not really in the best shape here, but I can try.
I really hope you can help me out.
Let me just rev up and work up a little...
He needs a miracle.
A miracle.
Okay, how about levitation?
You like that one?
I see...
No, as Leviticus said, no.
Well, I...
I need a miracle.
I'm getting a call here.
I need a miracle.

A miracle?
What else you got?
Water.
Into wine.
How about that?
Nah.
You can get wine cheap.
Two bucks, Chuck.
Let's see.
And you can't paint it.
It's really hard.
You've got a fig tree I could wither or...
Oh, no.
How about straightening out this withered arm?






This feller over here.
Very good.
Bring him up here.
Okay, Pop.
So...
What's your name, old-timer?
Now, how'd you get this withered arm?
Fell into an international harvester?
I'm trying to straighten it out for you here.
Or was it the Grim Reaper?
Yeah.
All right.
Lay it down there.
I think it's in pain right now.
Lay it right down there on the slab.
Why don't you beat it with that hammer like you did last time?
This is the hammer of righteousness.
Now, just hold really still.
This is the leg.
The leg.









You're the leg out of mallets.
And now.
Look, see?
Ye made whole again.
Ye that were sundered, ye made whole again.
I think a couple more times and you about got it, Dr. Howell.
And notice the molecular feeling that happens every time.
Yes, it's been...
Miraculous harming.
It's been softened down to just tenderized and ready for cooking.
What you done for me, you made me better and whole again.
Thank you so much.







Yes, now he's holy holy.
Oh my gosh.
I've never seen anything like that display of manly prowess that Dr. Howell demonstrated there.
Well, thank you. Thank you, Larry.
I think that young man, that old man, mercilessly, but he saved him.
Saved him from his introspective demise.
Saved him from the angels of his worst nature.
The demons of his own mind.
The demons that you see may be real.
1-800-65-65-65 to get your special Dr. Howell Cures a Miracle.
To get yours, listen to our broadcast later on.
You are listening, in theory, to the hour slack from the Church of the Subgenius.
Although, unusually enough, this entire episode was part of a two-hour Ask Dr. Howell show
on radio.
Radio Valencia in early 2012.
With special guests and their gusts.
Dr. Philo Drummond.
The man-machine called Zero Boy.
And cartoonist Leslie Sternberg Alexander.
For more about Dr. Howell, see AskDrHowell.com.
The doctor being just a D-R.
And for everything about the Church of the Subgenius.
And I do mean everything.
Archives. All of it.
And our books that seem to be swiftly going out of print.
You can see Subgenius.com.
Praise Bob.
And let there be slack.
Oh, by the way, this music in the background is by Boron Nuzzle.
Recorded live last X-Day 14.
Praise Bob.
Friends, we're glad you listened to this show.
And we're even more glad that some listeners have donated enough to help us keep on going.
For another couple of weeks.
And not just this show, but Subgenius.com and all the other archive sites.
But if you truly love Bob.
And want some of that slack back to rebound to you.
You should go to Subgenius.com front page.
Or especially the radio page.
Or the catalog store pages.
And help out financially as best you can.
Now, we know what it's like to be on the brink of total poverty.
And we don't want any subgeniuses to make a living.
And we don't want to see your own situations worse.
But some of you still have jobs.
Even five bucks makes a big difference.
Even if it's only once a month from enough of you.
50 bucks makes an even bigger difference.
All we're saying is that blow jobs could go the way of Steve jobs if you don't pay Dobbs.
We also take checks and money orders to Subgenius Foundation.
P.O. Box.
181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Thanks for anything you can do to help let there be slack.
