You ain't nothin' but a soul genius!
Power of...
...watch!
We depend on you to lift the standards of our young people, not hasten their decadence.
We depend on you to lift the standards of our young people, not hasten their decadence.
We depend on you to lift the standards of our young people, not hasten their decadence.
If responsibilities get heavy to bear, can your blind walk through life so severe?
There's a hypnotic man who is beckoning from, with his disembodied head always there.
Look away, look away, from the things to the billowing light.
Look away, look away, from the things to the billowing light.
If your conflicts with normals bring struggles and strife, may then onward your rantings ensue.
Look away, look away, from the things to the billowing light.
That's a waiting and odd sound for you.
Look away.
Look away.
From the things to the billowing light.
Look away.
Look away.


From the things to the billowing light.
Yee-haw!
The Mutant Mountain Boys!
Bless their hearts.
It's recorded in Cleveland, behind the Beachland Ballroom, outside the devotional.
I believe it's on YouTube, and you, too, can Google Mutant Mountain Boys.
This is Hour of Slack number 1,276, and through the miracle of Pater Nostril's recordings,
we can journey back to the 13th X-Day drill, to the Hours of Slack, and of asking Dr. Howell,
before a live audience of beautiful...
live girls.
With the Pope Black, and even, yes, Dr. Philo Drummond, overman, first degree,
a dabbling delver into the dark mysteries.
Keep delving, Philo, with due diligence.
I've got to go a little deeper now.
Into the deeper things above.
Wow, this one's all hot. It's all heated up.
Mmm.
Sorry.
It's not the only thing that's heated up around here.
Dr. Howell, this is unprecedented.
Hmm.
This is a...
This is a...
A $10 question.
All right, a sawbuck.
See, I told you things were getting better.
Prosperity is just around the corner.
And the next piece of pie.
I got a feeling that you're going to be in trouble tonight.
Let's have another cup of coffee.
You're in trouble, and I'm not talking about a bladder infection.
You're in over your head now.
Well, uh...
Of course, this was $20.
That is generous.
There will be a poem.
But there will also be the best gall-gurned answer to this question that I can give.
This is a really easy...
This is a softball, Dr. Howell.
It's a $10 softball.
You may think so with your improved mental and physical apparatus,
but I will have to judge whether it's easy or not.
It's all heated up, too.
It's still warm.
Dr. Howell, which direction is the enemy coming from?
Now, there's...
Okay, I'll...
Go ahead.
Which direction is the enemy coming from?
Well, the enemy...
Very leading question.
The worst aspect of the enemy,
the van of the enemy's swarming army
of imps, witches, succubi,
the whole appalling number of them
come from all directions.
But the worst aspect of the enemy is...
The ones that you have to worry about the most
are the ones coming from behind you.
Because you can't see when they get there
or what they're intending to do.
Generally, your worst suspicions about this
tend to be correct.
Something's coming up behind you, Dr. Howell.
That is why these worst suspicions occur.
You are given them the gift of paranoia
to know the worst about what your potential...
your potential...
enemy might be doing.
I think this is clear.
Thrusting itself.
That's true.
Impinging upon you, you could say.
But there is a solution,
which is to use the enemy's
particular vulnerability against it
to lead them on and on and on
in incredible nearness
past the zone.
And then, when they are closer,
even in the embrace of Zeno's paradox,
may you lash out.
Perhaps through over-stimulation,
but the valor of your response
will always be recorded.
Keep milking.
It's only like about eight bucks so far.
Keep going.
Oh, but there is the poem.
It's a poem.





There's the poem, you see.
I'm trying to figure out which one that is.
There's a poem.
Okay, there's a $2 worth of poem on the end of this one.
Oh, okay.
Well, $2.
I don't think we're going to do a poem for $2.
It doesn't matter.
We're just winging the thing.
So, which direction is your enemy likely to come from?
If your enemy is valiant and honorable,
then there's probably a reason
why you are being attacked.
Hmm?
So, then, if you are a piece of evil,
human flotsam,
then your enemy will come directly toward you,
because your enemy is more noble
and heroic than you are,
and deserves to win,
like in all the stories.
But you are not some scumbag, are you?
You're a subgenius.
So, your enemy instead is the ignoble one,
and will come from a direction
that is not the brilliant order of battle
with martial banners
flapping and trumpets blowing.
Instead, like a slinking assassin,
or like a Japanese soldier in Burma in 1945
sneaking up to your jungle hammock
to stick a silent bayonet through
and impale you before you can even get to your rifle,
something like that will happen
if you have not been true
to your subgenius principles
and the faith in Bob.
Now, of course,
I'm not here to try to panic anybody,
and we have to live with a certain expectation
of being jogged from our world of comfort
and narcissistic reflection,
smug self-satisfaction.
These things do happen.
But the type of enemy you get
is what determines the direction
the enemy comes at you,
and the type of enemy you get
is determined by the type of enemy
you are.
And now I think I used it up
except to the poem.
And let's see.
The poem shall be from T.S. Eliot.
In an old house there is always listening,
and more is heard than is spoken,
and what is spoken remains in the room
waiting for the future to hear it.
And whatever happens started in the past
and presses hard.
And what is hard on the future.
The agony in the curtained bedroom,
whether of birth or of dying,
gathers into itself all the voices of the past
and projects them into the future.
The treble voices on the lawn,
the mowing of hay in summer,
the dogs and the old pony,
the stumble and the wail of little pain,
the chopping of wood in autumn,
the singing in the kitchen,
and the steps at night in the corridor,
the moment of sudden loathing
and the season of stifled sorrow.
The whisper, the transparent projection,
the keeping up of a bad job,
all twined and tangled together,
all are recorded.
There is no avoiding these things,
and we know nothing of exorcism.
And whether in Argos or Brushwood,
there are certain inflexible laws,
unvariable in the nature of music.
There is nothing at all to be done about it.
There is nothing to do about anything.
And now it is nearly time for the news.
We must listen to the weather report
and the international catalog.
We must be prepared for the next catastrophe.
Well, at this point,
we are going to reach for another question
within the bodice of...
Oh, no, you already have one.
Okay, I've already got one, actually, here.
What?
Do this have some meaning?
And the challenge is?
The enemy is the enemy,
not our enemy.
The DNA comes from that one.
Dr. Lagoume has answered
and added to my last answer.
Indeed, challenged it,
claiming the enemy comes from above.
The enemy of a subgenius comes from above.
No, the enemy comes from above,
but not necessarily our.
The question is which way is the enemy.
Oh.
So it's all about who the enemy is
before you've got to frame your question.
But is the enemy not our enemy, Dr. Lagoume?
No, the enemy is us.
All right, well,
I said you had to be
the type of enemy you needed
to get that type of enemy,
but it is true.
Yes, we have met the enemy,
and he is us.
Okay, that was a good rebuttal there
from Dr. Lagoume.
I appreciate that.
That helps.
That shades the question

Definitely helps frame the question properly.
There's this election next week,
so after that it might not be him anymore.
It might be, what's his name?
Mumbly Joe.
I saw him on TV the other...
Bob.
Hmm.
An election that complicates matters.
Set grid coordinates for Bob.
Well, night everybody.
Night, Senator.
Take it easy.
Good luck next week.
What?
Bob doesn't need this.
What's happening?
Is it noon already?
What the hell is this?
Some kind of tube?
Hey!
Hey!
I've got to stop them!
Ladies and gentlemen, Bob.
Yay!
Tomorrow when you are sealed in the voting cubicle,
vote for me, Bob.
Okay, Bob, you're the pro.
I'm the digger.
Oh, yeah, I have a different concept of microbreweries than most...
You do?
Yes.
Yours is based on like a microscope and what brews in some stenchified, rotted, fetid...
Actually, I do have a whole selection of vials and jars at home that are labeled the
three.


















I have the source of the animalcules.
The creepy local alchemist here.
And then I have a second level of Petri dishes in which I mix and match the populations
just to see what'll happen.
It's like playing God.
And as Bender himself found out when he was God, don't...
You shouldn't try to help these things.
You'll just make it a thousand billion times worse.
I used to see this...
These little nematode worms, they appear to be helplessly tangled up in a wad of algae.
And they're thrashing.
And to the human eye, it looks miserable.
It looks like this creature is just desperately, desperately wiggling around and trying to
get loose from this stuff.
And in my foolishness and ignorance, I took a pen, a sewing needle, and you could actually
see the giant blunt end of the needle down in the middle.
And I tried to free the little creature.
And of course, I accidentally killed almost everything in there.
Did you hear their little microscopic cries of pain?
And then I later read that this is what these creatures do.
And what appears to me to be desperate, mindless thrashing is his perfect movement for sucking
in bacteria that he eats.
Just because his tiny face looked to me like it was grimacing in agony.
And I could hear tiny screams.
That was actually his mating song.
And I had just cotton blocks a little down.
Screams of pain sound like mating from this distance, Reverend Stang.
We're being hunted.
The cages, all of us, are all brought here for the same purpose.
This planet is a game preserve.
And we're the game.
We're the game.
In case you didn't notice, we just got flushed out.
They split us apart and they watched, testing us.
So now, as I play God with my little concentration camps of horror, I try to keep them as natural
as I can and kind of a hands off when I throw a new population of monsters in there.
They've now got a hideout.
Usually what happens is the next day you look and only the biggest ones are left.
Imagine that.
All the little interesting guys are gone and there's one big thrashing worm in there.
So it's you that's contributing to population decline?
I prefer to think of myself more as a Dr. Moreau than a Dr. Frankenstein.
Exactly.
You're creating better strains by stressing the population.
That's what I'm trying to do.
I think he's disrupting biodiversity, baby.


He meddled in affairs best left to God's domain.
Well, it's funny.
You get these...
I will actually go out of my way to not hurt one of these things.
Although every time a mud puddle dries up, God has slain a million of them.
A universe of organisms.
Legions and hosts of warriors.
Instead of playing God with them, why don't you play Bob with them?
They don't have any money.
They don't have any money that I can identify.
So it's kind of pointless.
You can't fleece them.
What they got, you don't want.
You can't fleece them.
What is cheering about the study of these creatures is that you're under the impression
that every amoeba is the same amoeba.
Even Tommy Amoeba thought that.
But it's not true.
There are many, many different species of amoebas and they're not all alike, even if
they split in two by.
Individual variation.
They have different behaviors and they have opinions.
There's things they don't want to eat and things they do want to eat.
Some of them eat a paramecium that looks exactly like his brother, may eat really fast
and the other one eats kind of slow.
One bumps around into things and the other one's more cautious.
This encouraged me so much because I can very easily envision life after people.
And to some folks that's depressing.
It's like, oh, well, wouldn't that be terrible?
Without us brilliant chimpanzees to do paintings of landscapes and appreciate beauty.
Well, no, actually those little guys have just as much.
They're smarter than we are in their own way.
You say they are individuals.
And the point of this is long after surface life is gone, there still be life under the Arctic ice sheets.
Life in the most inhospitable way.
In inhospitable places.
Underground.
Bob will always have customers.
And that's why we don't need to worry about anything.
Very good.
Very good, Reverend Stanton.
You know that underground life.
Thank you for that clarification.
Life that exists below the surface of the Earth in complete darkness, if you were able to weigh it,
would outweigh all surface life, including all the life in the oceans.
So since opinions are like assholes,
does that mean the mere presence of an opinion implies that an asshole exists?
Well, the expression of an opinion may imply that an asshole is in the vicinity.
Why would you ask us that?
I don't know. It's something that just popped into my head.
Clearly troubling you, but maybe in these last moments together we should clear the air.
The question popped into my head while I was looking at you for some reason.
Hmm.
Yeah, Dr. Howell, you're right.
There are five times as many creatures living inside of other creatures.
Yes, in the hidden darkness.
As there are ones who don't live inside of anyone.
Right.
And even those creatures have five times as many living inside of them.
You know, when Jesus exorcised the Gadarene swine,
he may have driven a lot of little imps out of them,
but I'll bet he also drove out all sorts of parasites and other things.
So you mean when a subgenius dies, it's not just him that's dying,
it's millions and millions of dependent organisms.
That's right, with a subgenius alignment and inclination.
Yes, each one has a tiny...
You are guilty of genociding.
Each one with 5,000 dependent organisms inside his own gut.
This is where all my slack's going.
There's no other place for them to be but in you.
Oh, here's one of those things I meant to say.
I felt so bad every time one of these creatures...
No!
...died.
Princess, we hosed out the birdbath one day.
I was like, oh my God, the rotifers.
Do you realize you've slain them all?
And once I was filming this little...
I think it's a...
You've slain them all.
...cane rotifer, Lacani.
And it was...
I didn't understand why it wasn't going anywhere.
It was just in one place kind of waggling its little foot tail.
And I thought, whoa, great, he's standing still.
I can get a real good shot of him.
And then this funny pattern spread across him.
And I realized what I was watching was the drop of water drying up and him dying.
He struggled a few more times and then stopped.
But then the...
He just kind of collapsed.
And I realized I'd just been watching water at a tiny scale.
It evaporates pretty quick.
I felt terrible about that.
Particularly when it's a big light shining over...
I had nightmares over this little creature.
And on top of that, I'd exploited his death.
I even used it for the end of a little musical moment.
Faded out on it.
You know.
And I still have felt bad about it.
But...
You revived the creature with your teardrops.
I saw a BBC special that opened my eyes.
Those very creatures I was so worried about, the rotifers.
They...
Although their lifespan is only a couple of weeks.
If you dry up their water dish or put them in outer space exposed to radiation,
zero...
Better not.
...or whatnot, they'll dry up into a little horrible ball full of broken DNA.
And a year later, you can put that microscopic little ball into a drop of water with some scum.
And the son of a bitch will not only come back to life from not really being dead,
it will reassemble its own broken DNA.
Using spare amino acids from the other creatures around it.
Amazing.
How about that, ladies and gentlemen?
And I...
Here I had been guilt tripping myself over a couple of them drying up in a goddamn drop of water.
Those sons of bitches are gonna outlast me without even trying.
Let me give you a personal testimony to that, Reverend Stang.
When we came through the Grand Escalante, we stopped at our something.
The Grand Something.
And they had an exhibit there of creatures that were...
Lived on the desert that looked...
They were...
Had not changed.
They looked quite a bit like a trilobite with a tail like a shrimp.
A triops.
A triops.
That's exactly right.
And the triops hasn't changed much in like 250 million years.
And the triops has the ability to dry up for like 25 years.
Mm-hmm.
And then able to...
And so they have these rainstorms that don't come out there but every few years.
And that's when the triops comes to life.
It has its whole mating cycle.
And then within two weeks, it's finished with its entire life cycle and is ready to go into dormancy for another 20 years when the pond drives up.
Yeah.
Don't feel sorry for them.
They got their act together.
They look like a tiny little trilobite.
They're amazing.
They look like a horseshoe crab.
A limulus crab.
A horseshoe crab.

A horseshoe crab.
Yeah.
You can buy them in packages.
They're sold for kids like sea monkeys.
Lovable live sea monkeys.
The triops, a survivor from the age of dinosaurs.
And of course, there's pictures of dinosaurs on it and a painting of a triops which makes it look a lot cooler than it really is.
Now once you turn over the shell, the inside is rather slender and dainty.
Insubstantial.
It looks like this muscly tank thing, but inside it's just got these little spindly limbs and hardly any body whatsoever.
You probably could eat them.
I've often looked at my little friends, the copepods, and thought, well, they look like shrimp.
I wonder if you made enough of them, you could eat them.
Then I read in my new Bible that copepods harbor an organism called the guinea worm.
Which is almost wiped out.
It's one of the worst scourges of humanity.
And you've never heard of it, right?
Well, our ancestors in Europe, when they got a guinea worm in them, it gets to be a damn long worm, like two or three feet long.
And when it's ready to leave your body, it chews its way out of your leg.
And its head comes out.
And if the medieval peasant just yanks it and breaks it off, the rest of the body is gone.
The rest of the body stays inside and rots and you lose the leg and die.
So when you got a guinea worm and he started coming out, you had to sit down and spend the rest of the week slowly rolling the worm around a stick as it gradually emerged from your leg veins.
You don't hear about this kind of thing, but this is a sort of health problem that we had to deal with not all that long ago.
That's the things that our noble savage ancestors dealt with.
So imagine just sitting there, you know, making your kids roll up your tapeworm as it slowly emerged.
In fact, the caduceus may be based on that very thing.
The fact that they had to roll the serpent up around the stick.
It may be what that caduceus symbol is based on.
Okay, thank you very much. This has been X Day Live.
It's called the caduceus.
X Day Radio Live is now over.
Oh, is it?
Yes.
Pronounced caduceus?
Yes, caduceus indeed.
Furthermore, this symbol of the medical profession was not carried by Apollo, but rather by Hermes.
But through a misapprehension of the U.S. Army Signal Corps, this misbelief is now universal.
Their picture of Apollo was holding the caduceus, but it's Mercury's staff.
Mercury did have wings on his feet though, right?
The winged foot freak with the manly physique.

Yes, Mercury was the messenger of the gods.
Okay, there's the sign of the knife being drawn across the neck.
Known in the old solar language as Vitruvia.
Which means kill it, kill it now, kill it.
He was formed in primordial ooze.
When chemicals merged and something grew.
He split in two.
And then in four.
So now today, there's a whole lot more.
Viva amoeba, the lowest form of life.
Tommy amoeba, he'll make it all right.
Others evolved to higher forms.
The dodo bird.
And the dinosaur.
The human bee.
And cockapoo.
Tommy remained to himself true.
Viva amoeba, the lowest form of life.
Tommy amoeba, he'll make it all right.
Viva amoeba, viva amoeba.
Tommy amoeba.
And the spider.
And the spider.

Fuck yeah.
He was made to live, voice didn't reveal her identity.
Frank came along and had an enormous cast.
Did probably give her the second man lifetime when you staggers would tape the male human body.
cervfernthein.
커.
He was a brave little soldier
Marching far from home
He was lost and he was lonely
Pretending to be bold
He was a brave little soldier
Marching all alone
He was looking for some answers
He was looking for some love
Letters froze inside his mind
Spelling words that seemed to say
Everything would be revealed in some twisted way
A big idea, reality or make-believe
Oh yeah
Oh yeah

Oh yeah



A great idea
But where does it ever lead?
A less idea
Than do we ever really know
It's time to happen
But in the meantime
It's on with the show
On with the show
March on
component
On with the show
On with the show
March on


On with the show
March on
March on
March on
He had a chip on his shoulder, too bad he didn't know
He marched into the future, thinking time was on his side
With no woman on his shoulder, life just passed him by
Letters froze inside his mind, spelling words that seemed to say
Everything would be revealed in some twisted way
A big idea, reality or make-believe
A great idea, but without the truth
Does it ever leave?
A less idea than do we ever really know
It's part of heaven, but in the meantime
It's on with the show, on with the show
March on
March on
March on
March on
March on
March on
Divo did that from their live album, and we have more war stories coming up.
And before that, Reverend Tommy Amoeba, live at 13X Day,
actually wearing an Amoeba suit when he sang that.
And by and large, by the large, and also lemur,
were the colorful collages.
And flaming intros.
G. Gordon Gordon, speaking of colors and flames,
lived in Bolivia, where cocaine is manufactured.
He took our friend Sterno to a bar, and the subject came up,
you know, Coke, different grades of Coke burn different colors.
He goes, oh, really?
Well, it's not the kind of thing that most people would check out.
Well, the next thing you knew, everybody in this bar
had pulled out their...
giant bags of Coke, and were throwing it into the fire.
And it was like, oh, that was boof, that was green.
Look, boof, that was purple.
You wouldn't see that happen in the United States in most places.
And some of the people who went to visit G. Gordon Gordon
came back dead.
And he himself had that unfortunate nasal accident
which resulted in the creation of subgenius art.
Now, you say you have the septum?
Mavridis has it.
The septum...
In a formality...



It was removed from the great G. Gordon Gordon's nose
after living in Bolivia for about ten years.
It was auctioned off at X Day.
Yes.
And as I understood it,
Gordon let that skinny girl Christina Bucket have it
in return for a lap dance.
I thought that was kind of sad,
so I was glad to hear that you have the sacred septum piece.
She didn't really want it, keep it.
She just wanted to relieve him of it.
And puzzling evidence is two front teeth were auctioned here,
and Sister Decadence has them.
Hmm.
No doubt she'll use them in some powerful spell or cantrip.
Those were the teeth past which the air went
of all those puzzling evidence spouting.
Those were the teeth of the man who single-handedly lost the Vietnam War,
as he explained it to me, and I believe him, too.
It sounded absolutely circumstantial.
It sounded circumstantially viable.
Now, how does he explain that?
What?
How did he lose the Vietnam War?
Well, he was in Saigon.
He got really stoned.
He went to this restaurant, and he forgot that he left there
the package containing the war plan for the entire northern conduct of the war.
Oh, that's right.
And when he went back, it wasn't there.
No, when he went back, it was there exactly where it should be,
with everything in place,
just as if nobody had opened it and photographed it
and then neatly put it right back.
Put it all back, just as if that hadn't happened.
Yeah, just so.
However, the...
The war was lost.
It did seem that they knew everything as part of the northern plan,
which he explained also.
I shot up my ration of bullets today.
He also used to broadcast radio out of a Goonie Bird,
flying over the China Sea back in them days,
the same day that our friend Bishop Joey,
who was in the submarine service at that time,
in a submarine, in one of the last diesel submarines that the US had
when they were still introducing nuclear subs,
he was in the Tyroo, which ran aground
and became momentarily embarrassingly notorious for our nation.
So you see, even recent American history
is riddled with wormholes of subgenius activity,
which have crafted today's news landscape.
Wherever you see a gigantic military failure,
somewhere in the background,
there is a subgenius running away.
What would happen if you went back in time
and got puzzling evidence to repair what he did
and win the Vietnam War?
What would have happened?
I'm not sure it would ever have been won anyway,
but it didn't help them any.
What if you went back and fixed Washington's teeth?
It changed everything for the better.
That would be a very selfless act on your part,
by eliminating the possibility of returning to the time track
that produced you,
making yourself an orphan,
and then making yourself a slave of time,
even more badly off than the man without a country,
who we all remember had a sad death.
One of those Futurama movies
had such a complex time travel conundrum plot
that I sat down and wrote out every plot point
so I could follow it.
I was trying to work something like that into a subgenius movie script.
Once again, Futurama beat me to everything.
I had to drop all these gags
because the bastards at Futurama came up with them first.
I hate that.
You remember that.
You hate it when that happens,
when some rich, successful person is smarter than me.
God damn it!
I hate it when somebody's driving a Porsche
and I don't have one.
I was driving through the rich neighborhoods of Dallas
with G. Gordon Gordon,
who used to be rich.
He was going,
I hate these rich assholes.
I said,
Gordon, if you were rich again
and lived in this rich neighborhood,
would you still feel the same?
I'd hate him even more.
I like to think that's true.
I briefly lived in a nice,
what you call a nice pink neighborhood,
almost like a gated village
during the last years of my previous marriage.
In fact, that's kind of what helped do it in.
And I must say,
I felt like a pink asshole all the time
just because I was surrounded by him.
I was so happy to get back into a neighborhood
full of the down-home for real people,
the bull daggers,
cocksuckers,
fudge packers,
the real freaks.
I noticed though you're staying up
like the man on the high castle.
Oh yes, of course.
We have a special,
we don't sleep down here on the field in the mud.
We sleep in the big house with the celebrities.
Boy, that subgenus orgy we advertised
sure was great last night.
Yeah, we looked all over for that.
I can barely remember it.
I couldn't find it.
It was so good.
My favorite part.
You all did get your invitation right.
I'm sure that yours wasn't censored.
Many were.
We tried to pick and choose
who really got to go to that orgy.
I don't remember actually seeing most of you there.
Was Joan Rivers there?
Oh yeah, yeah.
Of course Joan Rivers and all of those celebrities.
Al Franken was there.
Got to stay away from him.
Did you give Joan Rivers a stank subgenius?
He finally has a good word for us, huh?
Al Franken finally has a good word for us.
You know, I met that guy
at the subgenius book release party in 1983
at the Danceteria.
That was when the conspiracy loved us
and thought we were going to sell.
They rented the Danceteria in New York
and they invited all these celebrities.
At the time, Al Franken was a guy
who you'd seen on Saturday Night Live.
He was riding for them.
At the time, he had not cleaned up his act.
I think he had serious drug and alcohol issues.
When I met him, somebody said,
Stang, this is Al Franken.
I go, oh wow, I would really enjoy that stuff.
I'm going to do that stuff you and your buddy did
on Saturday Night Live.
And he said to me,
uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh,
uh, subgenius celebrities.
But then later on, he darkened our towels.
Dragnet is the story of an action.
This is 9364623.
Yes, sir, can I help you?
A couple of questions we'd like to ask.
Do you know?
I don't know.
I see.
Yeah.
All right, ma'am, thank you.
The suspect had taken off his doorknob
and he stayed awake.
I wonder if you'd mind telling us what happened.
Sure.
Awful thing.
Yes, sir.
Just what did happen?
Well.
Awful.
Mm-hmm, yes, sir.
I could tell.
Could you tell that?
Yes, I could tell.
Yes, sir.
Well, finally I do it one by each.
I can't just go with you.
Get out that lonely room and I'll get you good.
I'll get you good.
Uh-huh.
I understand.
One thing I can say, though, just too about thought of adventure on the way to the last
doors.
You feel all right, sir?
No.
I get it.
Well, what's that?
Can you speak a little louder?
That's better.
What?
Uh-huh.
When did this happen?
Yeah.
What's the address?
Yeah.
The street.
Now, give me the number.
That's right.
All right.
You bet.
We'll take care of it.
Right.
Bye.
Looks like something here.
Yes.
Market managers.
Yes.
They specifically select the best, best, best, fresh, completely average, adverse
sinuses.
After eight months, he observed no nose suspect.
Suspect, suspect, suspect, suspect, suspect described as 50 to 55 pounds, 130 to 140 years.
Yeah, I'm good.
He was sentenced to life in California.
Ladies and gentlemen, the National Sea Council reminds you to pump your head wipers and always
slam on brakes and start a skid in wintertime.
Take a great break.
I'll be right back.
We've got about half an hour, and it's 620 in the leaderboard,quick takeoff, 그러니까



Here we are.
We're in an ocean of
We're jumping through the ocean.
There he is.
Where is Reverend Suds Bashaw?
Because Suds is the good, it's gone bad.
Suds, scrubbing bubbles, washes conspiracy minds clean.
Look at all those faces out there.
In case y'all weren't here last night, I am the very esteemed universal philosopher of absolute reality,
Reverend Frodus Bashaw.
But y'all know me as Reverend Suds.
See?
You guys...
We're here to give all the credit to Bob and all this shit for bringing everybody together,
but, you know, there could be some more sinister forces at work here, folks.
As you see, we've got to give some credit where at least that little bit of credit's due,
and there happens to be one other we must thank for this divine wisdom.
One other entity that we must pay tribute to our final reckoning, friends.
You sure you want to know?
Friends, we've got to take a moment to thank the conspiracy itself.
I know it comes as a shock to my brothers, sisters.
I know you're thinking to yourself, how could he give that lumbering, all-consuming, slack-sucking machine
a slow, agonizing species death and ounce of credit for anything other than pissing and fucking our collective rectums of our congregation?
But you're probably trying to figure out how that silly son of a bitch could get up there and...
polish the helmet of that which we sweet-axed subversion seek to destroy.
Oh yeah, polish that helmet!
Wanna know why, folks?
Because the conspiracy pushed my fat ass straight into Bob's pipe!
And for the first time in my life, I know what true slack means to me.
I realized I had it all along, and no matter what hellbound path the conspiracy has planned for us,
they will never take it away from us!
Praise fucking Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Now I gotta admit, I'm guilty of some acts of stupidity.
I'm sure all of us, subgenie, I know, okay.
Yeah, but uh...
Yeah, I look back and...
Yeah, this is a lot of shit.
I shouldn't even be here for some of the stupid shit I've pulled.
But, I know Stang at one point made mention about those who admit that they're dumbasses
might be a little smarter than those who just are too oblivious.
Yeah, they are.
Yeah, these dumbasses look back on our experiences with hard earned wisdom, humility, and better understanding of the stupid all around us.
Six billion points of stupid...
...tools!
Every last one of them.
Unworthy of the edict of Bob, they bumbled to and froze stupidly, clinging to any false shred of slack they think they have, praising their lord for giving them something they've never known and wouldn't recognize if they had it!
They continue to piss in our cornflakes.
Those who love nothing more than the stick, their dick, and the birthday cake, and quite frankly, I think we're a little fucking tired of it, don't you?
All these mental fucking midgets of the pink race, bobbing their heads to and fro to the pronouncements of morons, their eyes glistening in a bovine glaze of intellectual laziness.
On all sides they come, armed with the stinking madness of their fear, they file in, shoulder to shoulder, jack booty to the wall, and they're all in.

The fools bang and bleeding like legions of demented sheep, launching their blitzkrieg of bullshit and incompetence in the heads and hearts of all those they do not understand, decimating the very ground under their feet with the sheer weight of their crusade against rationality and common sense.
These putrid imperfections of protozoan puke permeate the dark recesses of this church far more than I ever dared to believe, folks.
Hiding behind their Dobbs head t-shirts, pretending to know the paths of frenzy, blindly following the edicts of those who would and will be.

They will take advantage of them for their own delicious, demented, yet tastefully slackful purposes.
Do not underestimate these viles and disgusting abominations, and I know a few of you know who I'm talking about.
Yeah, we'll discuss that after the show, man.
Yep, just look around and you can see their heads kind of going, yeah, I know what you're talking about, yeah, give them hellsets.
Hey, you morons!
Shut the fuck up!
You'll stick your head in a fucking toilet and give yourself an emotional swirly.
Degenerate feces-flinging monkeys wasted our time, and worse, they've wasted our slack, and that is un-fucking-forgivable.
Now, those will suffer.
Never knowing the reasons why Bob has never seen fit to grant them true slack, suffering will become delicious candy for all those across the corporate galaxy.
And their actions will be remembered come next day, folks, when the legions of card-carrying church members shall be enjoying the immaculate madness of sex-hurt news squared, all thanks to Bob.
Laughing with the uber-sex goddesses over the destruction of the Bobbies and their pink brethren.
And in any case, Bob gets to keep their money.
So reaffirm your faith in the salt and the sails, friends, the instigator of yucks, the alien war-bearers.
Money will flow like the explosion of wet sex over the face of the highest uber-sex.
And a never-ending fountain of slack shall empower the yeti race against the conspiracy until we punch that final ticket, friends.
So until then, friends, may the pure hatred of those sorry fuckers who blissfully allow the madness to continue unabated fuel this engine of reprisal.
May the rage sustained by pink insanity drive this vehicle.
And may the fire of our hatred keep us nourished through even the darkest times, and may it warm us into the coldest of nights.
May you find shelter among the wrinkles of Bob's scrotum.
And may the shadow of the sun be the light of the night.
And may the shadow of his opulence pave your path of least resistance.
And may subgenius efforts and proverbial pie-chucking and backhanded slapstick appease the lunatic gods and their insatiable funny bone.
Lest we once again find ourselves hung out to dry on the next day, being mercilessly mocked and heckled by those beyond the stars.
Praise God damn Bob.
Praise Bob. Praise Bob. Praise Bob. Praise Bob. Praise Bob. Praise Bob. Praise Bob.
Do not shout.
And don't be afraid.
The plan by Bob has just been made.
It's the power of the man with the pipe.
the power of the man with the pipe.
Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise Bob!
Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Kurz Tom! Praise Bob! Let's fucking go?
Praise God!
Praise
God
Praise God
WHAT?
What!
What did I do!?
Praise
GOD!
Praise Who!?
Praise The Real
Praise
Praise God! Praise God!
B-O-B spell Bob! Praise Bob!
Oh, I get it!
Now you get it!
1-3-0-1-3
808-B-O-B
Doesn't matter how you spell it, just praise Him!
January 31st, 2013
Praise God!
Praise God!
Bob!
Praise Bob!
Falling man, lift a pipe
He's come to save us tonight
Falling man, lift a pipe
Take us up into the skies tonight
Praise Bob!
Promise that piece of toilet paper that sticks to your shoe when you leave the restroom
You know that, don't you?
Yeah
Praise Bob!
He's that little kid that sits behind you on the train or the bus and kicks the back of your seat
Praise Bob!
He's the piece of gum that you step on in the...
Praise Bob!
...and anywhere out on the sidewalk
Praise Bob!
But yet...
Praise Bob!
Bob Dobbs is your best friend
Praise Bob!
Hence, that's why you want to claim him
You want to walk with you outside of the bathroom
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Dancie you from the sidewalk
Marcel and Paul
Just annoy the living fuck out of you
And have the train kick in your seats
Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise by! Praise Bob! Praise by!
Praise Bob! Praise by the upon the living fuck of us
maiden
Hi Bob cách
by the button
the
I
I've never done but see this week, ooh, wait a nyah!
praise God, say your praise God I say praise and you say God praise
Praise...
Everybody line up and do this again.
Bob!
Praise!
Bilo?
Praise!
Not Bilo!
Praise!
Bob!
Praise!
Bob!
Praise!
Bob!
Praise!

I just want to say for the record that Bilo is playing a
chunk of wood for the fourth!
Praise!

Praise!

Praise!
Bob!
Praise!
Bob!
Praise!
Bob!
Praise!
Bob!
Praise!
Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise him!
Praise him!
Praise him!
Praise, Bob!
praise Bob!
Bob! Bob! Bob!
Bob! Bob!
Bob! Bob!
Bob! Bob!
Bob! Bob!
Bob, bob, bob!
Bob! Bob! Bob!
Bob! Bob!
Oh shit.
I just screamed in my pants.
It's fucking Bob.
Anybody got towels?
It's a good thing I got this face in front of my big old wet stain on the front of my pants.
Fuck you, Bob.
Boys and girls.
We are the mini fisted tails of Connie.
Because I lost count.
You're the snapping pussy of Connie.
You're the snapping pussy of Connie.
Video War History was Dr. Philo Drummond and Dr. Hal.
See AskDrHal.com or QuiveringBrain.com to learn more.
And Pope David Lee Black.
And I am your friend Ivan Stang.
This is the Hour of Slack from the Church of the Subgenius.
Subgenius.com.
That's Subgenius.
Dot com.
Box 181417.
Cleveland Heights, Ohio.
44118.
And now, from Lemur, this.
From PR News in Washington, I'm in trouble.
An Iranian civilian that France refused to extradite to the United States is buying sensitive technology.
And illegally exporting it to Iran.
He was buying electronics components through a Malaysian firm and exporting them illegally to Paris.
It is true.
U.S. Envoy George Mitchell said this is PR.
The Palestine Liberation Organization is supporting Israel.
President Obama says small senior citizens will suffer and be compromised.
But GOP critics crashed in to appear.
Authorities say seriously.
There's been an explosion at a coal mine in Siberia.
Russian authorities say because of a volcanic eruption in Iceland.
Recovery is likely to come slowly to severely flooded parts of security secretary Janet Napolitano.
The Reuters News Service is reporting possible PR news in the Gulf of Washington.
You are a lie.
No man is.
