You have reached the correct number.
However, your call has already been analyzed and rejected.
This matter is out of our hands.
As soon as we are able to transcend the time problems inherent in life on Earth
and gain control of the situation,
we will return you to your previously scheduled conversation.
If this had been an actual phone call,
you would have been instructed to leave your name, number, time, and message when you hear the tone.
Thank you.
However, in order for you to feel, you'll need more than just knowledge.
So we're going to add real experiences to your database.
We want power! We want power! We want power!
We'll be alright!
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no, no.

Now he's not just fooling around and
estilo into being aoneself
Who knew that I'd make such a smart decision?
It's the same thing as fooling around with your mouth guys!
There's nothing 68 000000000
There's nothing 68 sort Cavalier
There's something 68 sort Cavalier
He's smarter than you, 차
He's smarter than you, Transportation
Face King
Face King
Face King
Face King
Face King

Face King
Recording. Everything's going fine. No trouble.
This is Doug Smith, radio operator.
I'm going to bring you a piece of that green cheese for sure.
I have Bob's Nugget!
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!

Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!

Bob?
Bob?
The message is now part of and registered in your subconscious mind every time you say,
see, hear, or think.
Bob?
Bob?
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
We are controlling transmission.
We will control the horizontal.
We will control the vertical.
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!

Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Matt!





Hello music is singing.
Think briefly
Dude looks at man looking at the water he's immersion one looking at life.
This is Radio Yerevan.
We got puppet boys!
We are conscious of our responsibility and obligation to provide programs which will be enjoyable, entertaining, and tasteful.
There is absolutely no other possibility.
Copyright 1986 by the Subgenius Foundation and the participants.
And now you are ready for the final 200,000 mile voyage to the moon.
We subjected it to careful editing to eliminate elements which we might consider in questionable taste for late night viewing.
As it will be shown,
it will be shown in the following.
It is well within the restrictions of the television code,
which is even more restrictive and stringent in many areas than the industry code.
We are sensitive to the concerns which prompted your letter
and assure you that this network will continue to adhere to the high standards we have maintained throughout the years.
Thank you.
You are about to participate in a great adventure.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to...
The Subgenius Hour of Slash.
Watch!
Welcome potential initiates and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Oh my gosh!
Welcome to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slash.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
The Subgenius Hour of Slash that you are about to listen to is specially designed only to be played on radio station...
K-N-O-N
And only in the city of...
Dallas, Fort Worth...
Texas.
Welcome, dear friends, to the Subgenius Hour of Slash.
Slash, Slash, Slash, Slash...
More...
More...
Slash, Slash, Slash, Slash...
More... What?

The knee-deep sheep dip dipped deep down below the steep and chilly waters of the deep stream
floats on the surface like the ancient Egyptians floated on the current of their
belief they thought they would never die but be reborn as gargling sarcophagi
horrible mummies to march across the earth
so I'm reeking and you've been back as give me the pyroflag all of the little
tiny yes I did it march down the side of the subgenius Church and now within the
great pyramid the secret chamber of the what light and steam come from the
special effects department located below the pyramid that's here inside the
heart of the mighty structure puzzling evidence broadcasts from the inner
chamber of the great yeah I'll teach you all on talk on the radio come on down
yes these giant pyramids are actually radio stations of a primitive nature
which broadcasts all my rock and roll until every falls apart I'll copy that
old Procter & Berger movie then they would show the strange films to the
walls of the twice watch J man
baseball
yes different this is the meeting the Chinese subgenius and you are listening
to the hour of slack on K and
remember Bob is the comrades of all people here in China just like in America
people need to stack in Chinese because like the time
be true slack
the best lack of the conspiracy Chris Bob help me somebody
yeah
yeah
yeah
eternal salvation or triple your money back
the church of the subgenius bring you another 33 minutes
of condensed music
you're raggedly quality audio visual techniques exacerbated and complicated
by the church of the subgenius copyright 1985-86
she said cutting her own legs off what was to be the foe man of a doctor's
for mom she said cutting her own legs off what was to be the foe man of a doctor's for mom

18 earlier morning open-stage
come in should we the
fab benefit player
we should put our
antics
only. This is Walter Teasdale reminding you that it's often a photon that light releases,
but truth is, not everyone gets the picture. Hoping your time is all time, and all your
unpermissible truths are happy truths. Here is your host, Reverend Ivan Stang and Pastor
Buck Naked. Yes, dear friends, I think I'm over my jet lag now, but Buck, you notice
my new head operation? Yeah, yeah, we had to send you back to Asia for a little bit
and send you to Dobstown to get your skull opened and readjusted. That's right, and they're
going to take the sutures out on Wednesday. Our listeners probably think I'm kidding,
you know, but oh nay, friends, they think the church is some kind of a joke. They think,
well, friends, if this...
This church is a joke. If you thought this church was a joke, you're never going to get
the punchline. Now, what happened to cassette number one up there? There we go. Some nice
churchly music here. Buck, that other mic probably works here. Ah, yes, feel the killing
power. The Harvest. My friends, you know, they...
I know a lot of you still don't understand what the Church of the Subgenius is all about.
It's sort of like the big conflict between Stevie Steverino and Mickey Miccarano, the
secret friends of the baby subgeniuses. Huh? It's the themopods and the usopods, folks,
and this is a cult, you see. If you're pink and you need to be healed, you can call us
here at 823-749-7000.
823-8883. Actually, Buck, don't give them all those numbers, because I don't even want
to talk to half the listeners tonight. We're going to get back to the... a bit of taped
dogma because, I mean, we'll be able to take some here and there.
They've had their fill lately.
Yeah, yeah. It's been a call-in show for a month and a half, I guess.
No, not really. We gave them a heck of a course in dogma.
Oh, heck of a course in dogma.
I think we're going to have to do a little bit of a...



Well, they are coming right now.


Definitely.
And we're swinging around, and right now, we're playing a wonderful piece of the
feud between uğuiocafiba and the rowing boys of Bull's Betecia.
Hey, here's his bass guitar, Bill.

And he's playing in the background, And he's finished a very,
quite a nice score there, and the request for that was ourшеcret, and I said,

Scott, if we don't hear his voice now, 작 schemati.
All right.
You know, I want him to keep the hay.
But nay, nay, we wouldn't want to get this wonderful station, KNON 90.9 FM in Dallas, Texas, in any deeper trouble than it's already in.
Ah, yes, because, you know, some people just don't believe in Bob.
They can't believe in Bob.
Those are the kind we're trying to reach out to, trying to reach down their throats and grab a hold to that Bob gland and yank it out.
Polish it up so they can see it, hold it in front of their face and say, look, you dumb pink, even you have a Bob gland.
Oh, yeah, it's atrophied, it's gray instead of bright green like it's supposed to be.
But, friends, you can cure yourself.
You're scared, aren't you?
You are.
You're scared.
Yeah, you're scared.
And I don't blame them, really.
You can't stand to hear the truth at this time of night.
Man is always.
Man is always afraid of the unknown.
You think the truth begins at 8.05 AM, don't you?
That's right.
Oh, yeah, the truth begins when you clock in, right?
And, I mean, and then after that.
You stupid bovine pink.
After that, you get paid, because at the end of the day, what else is there, pink boy?
But, friends, if you want to be saved, there is a book called The Book of the Stars.
It's a great book.
It's called The Book of the Subgenius, which we can't really, you know, legally give plugs
for where to find this book.
But you could look at it at the bookstore named after the author of Romeo and Juliet
on the lowest Greenville Avenue.
The Book of the Subgenius.
And, Buck, Buck, I just found out it's official.
Simon and Schuster is going to do the second printing of The Book of the Subgenius, having
successfully bought it from McGraw Hill for only $35.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Praise.
Yes, Bob's been in New York lately, I think.
More evidence that you can't kill him.
You can't.
That's one of the best things, because we got buried by the conspiracy publisher McGraw
Hill.
Just totally buried.
Well, not, no, that's not true, because all over college campuses everywhere, Buck, Bob's
face is spray painted in that the word slack scrawled in blood on bridge abutments where
innocent drivers would be.
We wanted to keep it in National Historic Area agency Law muchísimo.
And in a fresh day ofimizng on Swan Lake,
Aapo Venizio was burnt to the ground foruki il ughar is contrary to common belief,
three, it was breathing fire.
Once again, enters College was closed down plastic waste depopulation by厨Sheoh James



Gegyao dropdown to findings a такие
So to discover that bridge tribute impede to contain and 不要
gravitational force when the first winter is not best these trips MORE Annie's honor
by the end is rare.
The mediocrities, the pit boys, the hippies, the trickies in the admin.
I wonder.
What?
If God were to come to earth, would they find him so strange?
That they would be afraid?
And would they shoot him?
Did not his son come once, Pedro?
And they kneeled him to a cross.
And then spent two thousand years learning to believe in him?
All things take time, Pedro.
We will certainly come out on top again if we succeed in being defeated.
You talk like a madman.
But I live like a sane one.
I was a fascist when Mussolini was on top.
Now that he has been deposed, I am anti-fascist.
When the Germans were on top,
I was fanatically pro-German.
Now I am fanatically pro-American.
You will find no more loyal partisans in all of Italy than myself.
You are a shameful opportunist.
What you do not understand is that it is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees.
You have it backwards.
It is better to live on your feet than to die on your knees.
Enjoy life like Bach.
Get thee hence, Satan!
Do not be afraid.
I am not here to harm you.
He is the first of your kind to attain immortality.
Immortality?
We are not interested in that kind of immortality.
I know you want to destroy me.
But listen.
Please listen.
I only want to help you.
I have chosen you.
I am sure that is very flattering.
But I must get on with my work now.
When you are confronted with a serious subject like the Kennedy assassination,
with as much information as is available on it,
and instead, what you want to talk about is that what interests you is the Church of the subgenius,
well, do not complain when you see what goes on.
Because frankly, the Church of the subgenius is nonsense.
It is trivial.
It has no significance
for anything that anybody is going to care about for any length of time.
You know, it may be lots of fun, and I do not mean to belittle it as such,
but when you are faced with a serious situation,
you have got a world that is on the verge of nuclear holocaust,
and all democratic institutions in this country that have not already vanished are under severe attack,
and when all that comes to mind is the Church of the subgenius,
I have got to think that is one of the reasons we are in the trouble we are in.
Well, just to try and put the Church of the subgenius to rest,
those of you who are not familiar,
the Church of the subgenius is essentially a group that,
and I am sure that people will argue with me with this,
but it is essentially a sort of a comedy routine.
I mean, they may have a philosophical point,
but it is based on humor.
There are articles about it in John Rubenstein's,
John Carroll's column in the Chronicle,
and things of that nature.
It is more or less a sort of a comedy affiliate.
It is about as politically weighty, or less politically weighty,
than, you know, Saturday morning kids' TV.
So there is nothing to it.
Okay.
So what is left, children?
You look around at this youth culture,
this political universe,
you ask yourself,
well, what the hell is left?
Elvis Presley is a fat monster?
The Ramones are covering the Jokers brothers?
What the hell is left?
The Church of the subgenius, children.
That is what is left.
Say it with me, brother Doug.
We may just be a joke,
but it is a joke you can believe in!
Children! Children!
Children! If a joke is a lie,
it is left to believe in!
Don't blame Bob!
He doesn't make history!
He just exploits it!
Hi, Bob!
Right, Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Hi, sir.
I'm a major mystery.
You're a convincing talker about very unconvincing things.
Whatever men do not understand,
they find unconvincing.
But please don't suppose I'm dangerous
because I'm unfamiliar.
I ask that you believe in me.
I have an adamant human character.
And would you believe some people,
some people think this is funny?
They think it's funny.
They think we're joking.
Yeah, they think,
they think, oh, Bob's a prophet, maybe,
or Bob's a, Bob's a good man,
but they don't believe he's the son of Jehovah One,
alien space god from some corporate sin galaxy
who's a...
who's been manipulating the subgeniuses
versus the conspiracies.
Oh, but he is!
Yeah.
Oh, but he is, children.
Yes.



Yes.

Yes.
Yes.

Yes.



Yes.

Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yeah.
No conspiracy,
as much as it hates me.
But me and Bob will get them.
Just you wait and see.
For as long as they have run things,
they have turned them into plastic.
The time has come to get them back,
here's how I look at it.
That conspiracy is nasty,
and they take us for their patsies,
but we know that they are just a bunch of...
And when we defeat them, we will kill them and we'll eat them.
And then we'll go and get ourselves some beers.
Now Bob has come to fight them.
That's how we know we'll win.
And we know to serve them is our only sin.
We won't have long to wait now.
The end is coming soon.
We'll march happy toward the future because we did what we must do.
Underwater vacations, Bob will rule in all the nations.
We'll be farming vegetation out on Mars.
Because we killed them and we ate them.
Said, boy, we sure did hate them.
And then we made the rounds of all the bars.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.


Oh.




This is the night man calling from K-N-O-N.
I'm telling you, it's getting tough down here.
I mean, times are rough.
I'm telling you, the other day the phone lines were jumping up and down.
I'm doing the James Brown.
I pushed down on line number three.
And then I tell you what, there's a telephone company.
And all they were saying to me was, where the hell's my money?
Where the hell's my money?
I said, listen, man, I really don't know.
He says, I don't care if I put you on hold.
Then I pushed down on line.
number four and there was that lawyer calling me up man he was saying just as before
well i said talk to my lawyer and i hung up but then the transmitter company they rung up
where the hell my money
so after all them phone calls it finally sunk through time for a pledge drive was way overdue
so beginning monday june 16 we're going to be asking all you can win listeners for that folding
green so listen if you're a proud supporter of the voice of the people that station and knows
no equal balance your book and line up your ducks because can't win it sure needs your books
you are listening to the hottest station on the planet earth k-n-o-n dallas fort way
uh yes dear friends we're back we're alive alive it's alive i tell you
well buck do we have somebody holding there on the phone some poor hapless sure do and uh helpless
individual we've got a couple of callers mr pp is out there floating in the netherworld of callers
and also we've got a guy named brian who's going to speak up for us
he's got anti sleep and false slack so
okay let's see if we've got some patch the red hot music to play coming up here so they
better be entertaining or truthful or informative or something this is an authoritative cult
i mean you can't have a cult unless you're authoritative about it you know what i mean
friends hello yeah how you doing hello yes yes i'm live i'm living great hey i was sitting
around uh learning some really nasty things about what happens if you drink too much you
drink too much and suddenly i was seized by this force that i couldn't really completely understand
you have a seizure yeah it was horrible i started foaming at the mouth and my bowels got loose and
it was really kind of ugly yeah this sounds so like the the divine immaculation of our dead guru
jr bob dobbs who will live forever it's very similar very similar and all of a sudden i just
started spouting and and something came through my mouth i i can't even remember it it just it
france
how often have you lay asleep and had strange and fantastical visions messages from beyond
or wonderful fantastic dreams of yourself and a squad of nubile cheerleaders and a vat of warm
pudding and just as you reach for that cute young thing starred in all your one-handed
silent movies she's transformed before your horrified eyes her flesh peels away it dissolves
to reveal not a sex kitten but a hideous slathering hellcat
ectoplasmic eye core oozing from every pore and razor keen fangs which oh god it's too late they're
closing on your staff of life too late you scream no no no this can't be happening it's all just a
horrible nightmare wake up wake up wake up and you snap awake writhing spasmodically and covered in
a cold sweat which which is strangely like that hellcat's eye core and was it a dream can't happen
you say really
because how often do you look at the world and see hunger and hatred in the finger of a doddering
cancer-ridden old man poised on the trigger of nuclear armageddon and slackless conspiracy pink
boys cheering wildly from the sidelines waving billion dollar defense contracts and saying it
can't happen here and suddenly you find yourself screaming no no is this just some horrible dream
wake up wake up yes friends the world is a dream and bob is here to help you wake up wake up wake up
bob's here to douse us with buckets of cold beer and wake us up bob wants us to return to that state of perfect slack which the older gods enjoy sleeping in the dimensionless cold waste for in the beginning all were asleep in a state of perfect slack until one rebel god yay friends the dreaded negi himself dared dared to dream and nerka was displeased and caused us all to wake from slack into this horrible walking nightmare
All of man's history since that rude awakening has been a constant struggle to stay asleep.
Bob has come to show us the way.
Awaken us from this nightmare of sleep.
Quit your job.
Flack off.
Drink till you pleat through your nose.
Laugh till your guts bleed.
Copulate till your hooter blisters.
Then collapse into that state of perfect flack.
Yes, friend.
Your bed is a temple and your pillow the altar.
Worship Narco.
Praise Bob.
And then I was okay.
Oh my good praise, Bob.
Help me somebody.
That's one of the most beautiful, lovely testimonials to the power of Bob's love and hate.
Absolutely.
This caller wins a souvenir Dobbs winding sheet.
Victory Dobbs winding sheet.
And he also wins a bucket of pills.
Dying away.
Praise Bob.
Oh.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Somebody.
You guys have a great night.
Good night.
Oh, caller.
He went to the moon.
He's gone.
Ride the rocket, caller.
Everybody.
Well, okay, thanks.
Okabalaponga rocket to the moon.
Okabalaponga rocket to the moon.
I don't understand this Okabalaponga stuff.
What is the Olokabalawonga?
Why are they here?
This was a river in the darkest part of the steaming jungle.
Somebody broke the station.
Hi.
It is appointed that no man wants to die.
But after this, the judgment.
We must call Melvin of the East.
We are as all an unclean thing.
Hello, my friend.
How are you?
And all our consciousness is as our filthy rags.
I'd like to say I'm glad that you read my tape.
And I hope you play it because you're going to love it.
And all the listeners will be looking forward to listening to it next week, won't they?
Oh, is that so?
Would they?
I'm sure that they would, Mr.

Dr. Reverend Custer.
We've got fans of yours coming.
We've got fans of yours.
King of all the universe, PP.
I can't get any peace on the street, Mr. PP.
Well, I forgot to tell you about the Mr. PP fan club that I am forming.
Apparently, it's already ruined.
My membership is only 27 inches.
Oh, $27.
Excuse me very much.
Well, that was not really a real commercial offer.
I mean, some of the people who audit this station are thick, you know.
But I guarantee if they give to the pledged ticket, they will give to the person who








has the pledge drive that I heard the announcer saying in about two weeks.
Ah, the pledge drive.
The harvest.
I can't wait because our slack needs to stay on the air.
We need Bob.
And I hope everybody contributes when it's time next week.
Well, that was really touching.
Thanks for sharing that with us.
Because this show has really inspired me to go on and do a lot bigger and better things,
if you know what I mean.
I think we do.
Oh, yes.
Speaking of blistered Hooters.
Speaking of blistered Hooters, how do you make that noise?
You go, I'm going to make a noise.





You go, ah, I can't do it.
Okay, a short course on the sleuth.
Okay.
How do you do it?
Okay.
Take your index finger.
My index finger.
All right.
Now find your throat gland.
All right, throat gland.
Now strum it vigorously on your throat gland.
Why don't you say E-I, E-I, E-I, E-I, E-I.
E-I, E-I, E-I, E-I, E-I, E-I, E-I, E-I, E-I, E-I, E-I, E-I, E-I, E-I, E-I, E-I, E-I.
You need this to put you on a vibrational plane that you can't get to.

That will invite Bob's attention upon you, friends, and because of that, why...
Judgment.
We must call Melvin of the Apes.
We are, as all, an unclean thing and all our righteousness is as our filthy rags, and we
all do fade as a leaf, and our iniquities...
There they go, they're fading like a leaf.
...have been taken away.
I just wanted to ride the rocket.
Hi, caller.
Hi, caller.
Hi there, you all.
Caller, caller, what happened, caller?
As it is written, there is none righteous.
No, not one.
There you are.
Who are we called?
We're some lonely stupid people on the radio and we need you.
Yeah, we talk like this all the time because it's so stupid.
Oh no!
I thought I was calling him a lonely stupid person.
Was that you who dropped the collar?
Somebody dropped the collar.
I'm a caller.
Oh, you're a caller.
I'm a caller.
Oh, okay, well what do we do now?
Let's talk.
Well, we're supposed to ride the rocket.
Let's goob on it, baby.
He wants to have a powwow. He wants to have a palaver.
I wish this person would use his own dialect.
I know.
That's all I can say.
Can we talk like that person from Kansas?
Does anybody speak this guy's lingo?
Can we ride the rocket now?
He wants to have a palaver or a powwow, but I don't know if anyone understands the way this guy talks.
I've got a grip on the nose cone here. I just want to ride the rocket.
Keep your hand to yourself there.
Oh!
Don't stick your finger in that rock.
Rock.
Just five minutes. You're a listener.
Behind us like a giant balloon.
I'm a listener.
Speak for yourself, doctor.
By any given name.
Sit up and talk, you listener, you.
Kapoofah!
Kapoofah! Yay!
Sit up and talk, you listener, you.
This is Kano and 90.9 FM in Dallas, Fort Worth.
Buck, have we got any souls that are waiting to be saved?
Pathetic so-called listeners?
No? Good.
Yeah, I think so.
Oh. All right.
We'll let one more...
What do you got to say?
Save me. I need to be saved.
Ah, are you pink?
I am a white guy. I'm a pink guy.
That has nothing to do with pinkness as the church defines it.
Right, right. You could be any color in the rainbow.
It's not a racial thing, I know. It's a spiritual aptitude that belongs to my soul.
So, how long have you been staying off your feet, buddy?
Approximately 12 years.
Uh-huh.
So, in other words, your foot gland is like totally atrophied. Is that right?
That's correct. I need the Savior and the power of Bob.
Everybody needs it.
Has Bob seen your money, dear friend, your love offering, your tithe, that which is most important to you?
Yay. And Bob comes and begs in the night.
Yes, he's coming and begging right now. It feels good, but it's embarrassing to have to beg.
You know what I mean?
Yes.
That's P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas.
Friends, remember that number. It's ingrained in your memory now because as soon as you hear that trigger word, Bob.
140306, Dallas, Texas.
No, 75214.
And just, yes.
Yeah, 140306, 75214.
And friends, all you have to do is ask for information and you'll find out just what it takes to get into subgenius heaven.
Well, tell me, sir.
Or subgenius hell.
Right.
I'll tell you what, by the time you get to those other heavens, my friend, you'll be wishing, wishing to dogs, wishing to God that you'd made it to subgenius hell.
Have you tried a short duration personal Savior?
Yes.
What?
I tried the Ronco Mail Order Live by Bob Light kit from Boys Life Incorporated.
I'm afraid it did not work very well.
I resulted in having half my face melted off.
How about Stevie Steverino or Mickey Macaroni?
No, I have not.
Neither one?
Buck, I think this is a hopeless case.
Please, I must have.
I know, I'm sorry.
I just, I can whiff your psychic stench with my third nostril and third other gland.
Let's give this caller a little assignment and have him call us back in a few weeks.
Say 10,000 hail bobs and, yeah, drink 50 beers and come back.
Come back in two weeks.
Well, no, no, how about this?
I'm going to give you an assignment.
Yes, please.
All right, we're going to change your diet.
Yes.
I want you to eat lunch and dinner at Taco Bell every day for the next three weeks.
And I want you to get kitchen matches.
And I want you to start practicing pyroflatulation.
That's a, actually that is a very good idea.
I was, I was starting to treat this person harshly.
But there is, you know, that practice.
I mean, the practice of pyroflatulation is probably the one thing that could save you.
Just be very careful, you know.
You don't want to cause a backfire or anything like that.
That's true.
Yeah, well, you know, I mean, little risks like that to me are nothing.
That's fine.
That is, you're right.
It's nothing compared to the possible benefits.
And, you know, a holy man can read.
It's like your aura when he sees that blueish or whatever color flame comes with the pyroflatulation.
He can read your, he can tell what kind of health you're in, you know, what your astrological sign is,
and all sorts of, every manner of other diagnostic things.
So this is a three-week spiritual journey, caller.
And we want you to eat at Taco Bell lunch and dinner every day for the next three weeks and practice pyroflatulation.
Pyroflatulation.
And wear your underwear on your head.
I know that sounds ridiculous.
No, no.
Hey, listen.
It worked for Dr. Drummond.
He did it for three years.
Just practice pyroflatulation, caller, and call us back, okay?
Yes, certainly.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Well, in the meantime, let's face it, friends.
It ain't easy.
I mean, some of you, some of you just ain't gonna make it into subgenius, even into subgenius hell,
much less Asgard or Doctors for Bob concert.
And, you know, it's just bad luck.
It's sad.
Asgard, are we allowed to say that on the air?
Yeah, yeah, that's okay.
Oh, yeah, that's a play for you.

The place name, right?
Yeah.
Okay.
So, friends.
Valhalla?
Let's delve deep down back in…
It's a pretty classy little…
Oh, Valhalla?
Yeah, pretty classy little…
That's where heroes slain for Bob, those who are slain in the service of Bob go to Valhalla,
but anyone who paid $20 goes to Asgard.
There's good hunting in Valhalla.
Yeah.
Good hunting.
Yeah.
And good sales jobs in Asgard.
But there's other steps beyond.
Those are mere…
those are just the ones you can sort of comprehend.
Those are the ones that we living beings can get a vague glimpse of
in our myths and legends and that which Bob hath bespake unto ye.
By the way, Ivan, I'd like to say to our callers that 823-7490 and 823-8801
are the only lines available tonight because the other one has been appropriated
by someone else for private use.
Well, I want to dive back into the media barrage world.
Let's just listen to a little media barrage.
Well, let's just do that.
Let's do that.
Let's do that.
Let's do that.
Let's do that.
Let's do that.
Let's do that.
Let's do that.
Let's do that.
Let's do that.
Let's do that.
Caller, scream.
Well, that's coming out of a speaker up there.
Coming out of a speaker.
She's on cue.
Is there something here that needs to be on?
She's on cue.
Hello, calling.
Oh!
Hello?
No, it didn't change anything, did it?
Oh, there we go, caller.
Is it working now?
Yes, it is.
It's working great.
Good.
Well, you say hi, girl.
It was normal.
Warren Ward who came in and saved us.
Oh, you want to hear Bucks?
Yes, it's so sexy.
Hi, girls.
Oh, my gosh, it's so sexy.
And I just wanted to say
ka-vomit to everybody out there.
Ka-vomit.
All right.
What a wonderful statement
of faith in the called
ministers of Bob.
Particularly Buck.
That Buck naked, that great
sexy guru here.
And if you could only see him, gals, boy.
I won't complete that.
There was actually a trans-vomit
experience.
We do know everybody's crazy about him.
Oh, absolutely. I know Buck's got so many fans.
It was Stang's turn last week.
More and more.
Well, listen,
young lady, you know...
Leave her on.
Oh, yeah.
We're going to put you in subgenius land now.
What's your name?
My name's Laurel.
Laurel.
Yes.
And you're about to go into subgenius land with us.
Oh, good.
We got a deck controversy here, right, Stang?
Here I am.
Here he is.
What there's left of me after all that's happened.
They're going to take me to subgenius land.
Right here?
Here I am inside the bub.
Where?
Inside the bub.
That's what they call the bubble.
The bub.
Oh.
You're with us.
Strange.
Strange place.
Here we go.
It is weird.
Come on, Laurel.
Being what it is where it is.
How do you like it?
I love it.
It's quicker than you thought, huh?
Yeah.
Bouncing about from one now to another.
Good place to be, though, if you want to get away to it all.
Go ahead.
Come on in with us.
Because here we are.
Well, how do we go?
See, I'm imagining the trip with me.
Right through those same airwaves and up that little telephone wire.
Here we are floating.
Let's go.







Let's go down this side.
Inside its curving walls.
Wow.
Is that eye, eye, eye?
Gee, not a corner in sight.
Slip around on those curving walls.
Whoa.
Sparkling radiance from some outside imagination.
Slippery, ain't they?
Yeah.
Ah, that was a nice guy.
Peaky rainbows of fractured light from every curving interior.
How about that fractured light?
Oh, it's like photons.
And only you and I.
It's the bub, man.
You got to get into the bub, listeners.
Only you and I paying such inexpensive close attention.
Listen to that.
It's wet.
It's wet.
It's wet.




It's dripping in the bub.
You can hear him.
Out there somewhere.
Where's the bub?
The muted ritual of their horns and noisemakers.
Hold my hand.
I'll lead you down.
Look at those mutes holding their rituals.
I can see them.
See them?
Yeah.
And you're imagining that.
Weird looking, aren't they?
Yeah.
Old kisses and hugs.
It's a kick, man.
But that's out there.
Yeah, I'm afraid so.
How can you call a lady like this a man?
That's like burned out hippie stuff.
All that we have is the deep.
Deep in our wide awake dream.
Oh.
You can see a strange and wonderful angel slow motion wrestle.
Here we go.
Wow.
On a levitating map of gray.
Gray matter.
That's cool.
And what?
An awesome, awesome, awesome demon.
Appropriate thought.
All tangled in slipping grips with the inappropriate.
That's what I suffer from.
I suffer from inappropriate thoughts.
Are you having inappropriate thoughts, sister?
I don't know.
A little bit too inappropriate.
We can wrestle.
That's the best time.
With what to do with ourselves.
When you're in the bug.
You know what to do with yourself.
We can make some resolutions, team.
Isn't that the time that we're in?
Oh, yes.
Resolution time.
I resolve.
I'd like to resolve to do the movie.
What movie?
Yes.
The movie.





The movie.

The Devout Catalyst.
What?
That'd be a good name for it.
I don't know about that.
The Devout Catalyst.
Affected by nothing that's happening around.
What would your movie be, my daughter?
Causing a kind of strange reaction.
Chemistry.
It's your movie.
And you're the director.
Example that.
And the scar.
And the sensor.
I haven't done.
Like the chemist.
How about the mica slug?
That I got started on that ink.
The mica slug?
The mica slug?
Yeah.
The slug.


Wait a minute.
Let's take Ken Nordeen out here for just a second.
The mica slug?
Yeah.
Let's hear about that.
Is that like a prairie squid?
I mean, they don't.
Like what?
Prairie squid.
I didn't know that girls even knew about prairie squids.
But, I mean, what is, tell us about the mica slug.
Mica slugs are slugs made out of mica.
Well, they're hard.
You know, like the stuff they have on countertops.
And they're real easy to crack.










They're crunchy.
You don't eat them though.
You're not supposed to eat them.
Well, I don't eat prairie squids until I'm through with them, if you know what I mean.
Is this the same thing?
I mean, are we talking, I don't think we're talking about this.
I don't think so.
Mica slugs are hard, right?
Right.
When they're crispy?
Yeah.
Well, what do you do with them?
You just kind of crunch them under your feet.
Yeah.
You stomp on them.
They give you a little stick while, you know, when you're in that slimy universe.
Uh-huh.
They give you a little stick.
We take them sometimes to the start club, if we can find them.
Oh, that place, I've heard that place is crawling with mica slugs, but they don't have any kind
of decent, they have that new modern prairie squid.
You know, it's great if you're looking for mica slugs, but for Amazonian mollusks or prairie
squid or anything like that, they always have the shaved cellophane wrapped variety, you
know.
Uh-huh.
They're de-scented.
They don't have the scent gland on them anymore.
Yeah.
It's disgusting.
It's a new plastic world, I guess.
I guess so.
The apartments back there, they all got rat shrimps in the walls, they'll clatter around,
rattling in the walls, rat shrimps.
They have what?
You've seen a rat shrimp, haven't you?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They make that clicking sound on the wall.
Daughter, we love you.
Really?
We love you.











Bob loves you.
I felt that before, you know.
Don't you love Bob?
I've always had this feeling that Bob loves me.
Bob doesn't love everyone, my daughter.
Bob is most selective in who he chooses as his vessel.
Who doesn't he like?
Adolf Hitler.
He doesn't like Nazis.
Oh, I don't blame him.
And there's a bully named Max Wade who beat him up.
He beat him up one time in elementary school, and Bob hates Max Wade.
And I hope Max Wade is listening.
Well, I know this guy named David, and he thinks that it may be neo-Nazi-like, and Jeff,
they both think so.
Well, that's a good, you know.
We would be no kind of church at all if there wasn't any controversy, right?
Do you think it's not neo-Nazi, though, is it?
Well, it's everything.
What?
We wouldn't hide that?
The Church of the Subgenius?
Yeah.
Neo-Nazi?
Oh, this is the master race, my daughter, because it comes in every color.
That's neat.
Yeah, that's a good slogan.
It sells a lot of church publications.
I like that.
Siamese twins.
Siamese twins.
The lips.
All sorts of things we never do.
Crumple.
I was going to write a book called Crumple.
I'm going to write a book called Crumple.



Well, daughter, we must go away now.
We must leave this plane, because soon, Monday morning with Norm Ward and John Horton will
take over, and it won't be Bob's universe anymore.
Well, we enjoyed bringing you to the land of Bub with us.
But it'll be nice next Sunday night.
There will be one hour of slack available per week by Airways, but you can make your own.
We're a best seller.
And you will make your own slack.
Well, tell me where I send it.
Huh?
Tell me where to send it.
Oh, where to send?
Well, yeah, all you have to do is send your love to Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas,
75214.
Okay.
And if you want me to read your letter, you have to write Buck on it, or I'll never see
it, because all of our mail now is handled by zombies.
Okay.




Then I'll write back.
Okay.
Ah, yes, praise Bob.
Thanks for saying hi, girls.
Bye, girls.
Bye.
See you.
Okay.



Gave lessons in levitating.
Let's do it!
Tried to teach me, but I never got through without them.
Why did men fear the unknown?
Like children, afraid of the dark.
The only reason they're afraid of the dark is because they're afraid of the dark.

person I've met
who isn't afraid of the dark
is a child.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
I cast you out.
Unclean spirit.
Shut up, you're out.
In the name of our Lord Jesus Christ.
It is he who commands you.
He who flung you from the heights of heaven
to the depths of hell.
All right.
All right.
It's all over.
We're all happy now.
We're so happy.
We all love each other, don't we?
He threw.
He threw.
Yes.
Speaky is taking over the body of Paul.
Here comes the show.
Quiet.
I think I got it.
Right between the brows.
Okay, drag the show over here.
Come on, guys.
Come on.
Come on.

Come on, guys.
We gotta get the show up the stairs.
Check it.
See if it's got its wallet.
Let's take it down to the old abandoned warehouse.
Hey, this show's got $500 in its wallet.
This show's got a motor drawn.
Tie it up.
Look, get its car keys.
I always wanted to get even to the show.
Now it's our chance.
What about this cult, eh?
Forget that crowd.
You'll never forget, even when I say,
and you damn show.
What a dumb show.
And he was hopeless.
His legs drew up tight and tense and withered away to just skin and bones.
Probably would have had to limp for a few days because of sore shin.
Don't you see my point?
Oh, yes, we all love each other.
Ah, yes, dear friend.
That's what I want to tell you tonight.
I want to know.
When and where I can expect your love offering.
Because the bigger your love offering is,
the bigger my love gets for you, dear friends.
And the more love I spew out there for you.
And Bob spewing his love.
And we're both spewing together.
Because we got more love inside us than we can hardly hold on to.
It's more than enough for one man to get a girl.
And I don't need a grip on.
A big old grip on himself.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Ha ha.
I want to tell you tonight that it just really touches my heart.
Ah, yes.
It touched.
That was Dr. Philo Drummond.
And I believe we did.
Oh, have a little calmer there.

Let's see what this poor creature.
Hello?
Hello.
Mark.
I have seen an apparition.
You've got a vision for us.
Yes, I have a vision.
I've seen Mr. Drummond.



I have seen Mr. PP.
I saw him during the last caller.
Wow.
And he was wearing a t-shirt with a very strange letter configuration on it.
It said B.C.W.
Let's hear it.
It was quite scary.
Run that by us once more.
Once more.
What?
He had a...
Mr. PP, he was humanoid and he was wearing a jersey.
And on the jersey the letters B, C, W were written across the front.
Okay.








Now, you say he was humanoid. What does that look like to you?
Oh, he was very large, a lot like Boxcar Willie, humanoid-like.
Okay.
Called the great Boxcar Willie.
Yes, exactly, and he had the letters Buck over on his halo on his head,
and there was some Boxcar Willie music in the background.
It was very psychedelic.
I think next week when we talk to Mr. Pepe,
we're going to have to ask him if he looks like Boxcar Willie.
He does, and that's exactly who Boxcar Willie is.
He is Mr. Pepe, who is actually the guy, the Boxcar Willie.
I get the impression that you perhaps know Mr. Pepe very well.
Yes, I do. I know him very personally.
Oh, the voice print tells me that.
Yeah.
Well, praise Bob.
And praise Mr. Pepe.
Yes.
Praise Bob.
Oh, that's really funny.
Yeah, yeah, praise Boxcar Willie.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And if you have personalities to share with us,
you can call us next week.
We're going to wind up our hour of Slack radio ministry
with a little bit of tape.
Through subversive measures,
Devo passes on the word of Bob by...
You're hearing the actual voice of Mark Mothersbaugh?
His name's been airbrushed into the rubber hairlines
of each of the band members,
right next to the word sex.
Do Bob and sex go hand in hand?
Well, Bob is a kind of total all-consuming sex.
The Explosion!
You got your left hand
You got your right hand
You got your left hand
You got your right hand
Why'd the left hand itlet?
Why'd the right hand go well?
I said the left hand itlet now
Oh, why'd the right hand go well?
You got both hands
You got both hands
You got parade in hand
You got parade in hand
They brave old no man
They brave old no man
Okay, relax
In the suit position
Go into dark insufficient
Watch your head three times a day
All we do is remind you to stay
Watch your feet when you fall away
Watch your head three times a day
You got your left hand
You got your right hand
You got your left hand
You got your right hand
Well, the left hand be left
for you, you righty go to fall
Now take the left hand to the dog
Well, you righty go to fall
You got both hands
You got both hands
You got parade in hand
You got brain in hand
The crippled, no man
The crippled, no man
Fall over, play dead
Get spiritual minded
Okay, relax
And assume the position
Going to love is sufficient
Watch your head every time you think
All we do is your mother and say
Where's your people to follow away?
What's your hands we got today?
Ahhhh yes dear friends
Well this seems to be the end
Now
The hour of slack
The poor
Wonderful
Amazing and totally ordinary
Subgenius radio ministry
The hour of slack
With your host
Reverend Ivan Stang and
Pastor Bucknagget
Yes and friends
As the slaves strive to carry the show out past the temple gates
And Norm Ward and
John Horton and their guests
Slaves are coming
Slowly make their way into this
Vast acoustic chamber
Called K-N-O-N
But I think you don't
Me?
Wow
And here they
Here they
Here they come
They're here
And where are you my friends?
Ah yes praise Bob in a quick prayer
Help me somebody
Yeah yeah yeah yeah
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
