Whoa!
Three, two, and one.
Now to continue with the tape recording.
Gangster Computer God Worldwide Secret Containment Policy.
Made possible solely by Worldwide Computer God Frankenstein Controls.
A special lifelong constant threshold brainwash radio.
Quiet and motionless, I can slightly hear it.
Repeatedly, this has saved my life on the streets.
Four billion worldwide population, all living, have a Computer God Containment Policy Brain Bank brain.
A real brain.
In the brain bank cities on the far side of the moon we never see.
If I give you some money, will you come to my room?
If I give you some money, will you come to my room?
Why don't you ask me what it feels like to be a freak?
You're a freak, man.
I have passion.
Passion, my friend, and I'm not afraid to cry.
Who are you calling strange?
Well, you're calling me strange, I know that, but why?
Who are you to judge?
What are your values, anyway?
I'm extremely right-wing, apart from in fashion, and I know how to cry.
I tell you, I really thought 1984 was going to be the end of it all, and you call me strange.
Well, up yours, man.
I only do this because it pays well, and because I'm deeply insecure, and you call me strange?
They seem like normal enough motivations to me.
Screw this.
I'm going ham.
Hang-gliding.
Ugh.
Time comes when silence is betrayal.
A new day has dawned.
A new day has dawned.
A new day has dawned.
A new day has dawned.
There's no force on this planet that'll keep me from...
I'm speaking the truth.
...from...
I'm speaking the truth.
...from...
I'm speaking the truth.
...from...
They'll have to carry me out, feet first in a coffin before I'll shut up about the truth here.
...shut up about the truth here.
...shut up about the truth here.
...shut up about the truth here.
Let us find out today who is the real power behind government.
My brothers and sisters, the answer may surprise you.
It is you.
It is you.

It is you.
It is you, it is you, it's you.
The secret government will continue in a few moments.
It is you, you are the power behind the throne.
The secret government will continue in a few moments.
A new day has dawned.
A new day has dawned.

I realize me worldwide is a Frankenstein slave.
Usually at night, you go to a nearby hospital or camouflage miniature hospital van trucks.
You strip naked, lay on the operating table, which slides into the sealed computer god robot operating cabinet.
Because we are at the time in history where one big cycle is closing and another cycle is opening,
the duration of which will be 5,000 centuries on Earth, of unbroken peace, of universal peace.
And at the end of that cycle, we, our descendants, will be extraterrestrial visitors to other worlds, helping those planets.
That's our future.
And actually, it has already happened, because time doesn't exist.
Good hello again.
While browsing through an automated computer,
a cassette dispenser at a Czechoslovakian airport recently,
I suddenly noticed a name I recognized among the wares.
Mine.
And a closer inspection showed this to be a bootleg cassette of some of my broadcasts.
I suppose they're out there right now,
huddled around a squawking international shortwave receiver in some filthy hut on Taiwan,
taping everything I'm saying on a low-end Payless cassette for Volume 2.
Well,
even though I'm not getting a cent for the sale of those bootlegs,
the rules of this show don't allow me to complain.
Yes, for better or worse, copyright free.
Raw material for your reuse.
With Sissy Spritz, it's hair for the future, not the past.
When you have great hair, people know you're a winner.
I'm gonna fly on my own hair tonight.
Sissy Spritz may cost dry mouth, dilated pupils,
paranoia, heart palpitations, and nosebleeds,
but your hair will be great.
Ah-ya!
One, two, three, four.
Ah-ya!
Ah-ya!

Ah-ya!
Ah-ya!

Ah-ya!
Ah-ya!
Ah-ya!
Ah-ya!
Ah-ya!
Ah-ya!


Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I will dispense this advice now.
Whoa!
I feel good!
Most illogical.
Shazam!
Lay your hands on the radio!
Lay your hands on the radio dan to home!
Where's my eggs?
No more eggs.
You're lucky you got your
A stack of sausages.
The menu says eggs.
I know, but we're out.
Ah, this joint stinks.
Oh, you're no bargain yourself.
God loves you.
Okay.
What the hell was that?
I am your father.
Take four red capsules.
In ten minutes, take two more.
Give me a receipt for the cash.
This isn't a holdup?
No.
Then what about the balance?
I'll owe it to you.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, wipeout.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
I can't get over it.
After all these years, I thought I knew you,
but you turn out to be a stranger.
If you only knew the power of the dark side.
Robbing and mauling people like some kind of a cheap hoodlum.
I have a brother who's a drug addict.
I'm very proud of him.
You want me to make an act of faith,
risking myself, my wife, my woman, my sister, my children,
on some idealism which you assure me exists in America,
which I have never seen.
What you represent to them is freedom.
What the hell's wrong with freedom, then?
That's what it's all about.
Oh, yeah.
That's right.
That's what it's all about, all right.
But talking about it and being it,
that's two different things.
I mean, it's real hard to be free
when you are bought and sold in the marketplace.
Of course, don't ever tell anybody that they're not free,
because then they're going to get real busy
killing and maiming to prove to you that they are.
Oh, yeah, they're going to talk to you
and talk to you and talk to you
about individual freedom.
What they see of free individual,
it's going to scare them.
No, it don't make them running scared.
No.
It makes them dangerous.
Not an accident.
We are connected.
We are connected.
Red, the white Asian face.
Red, the green heart.
You're Asian.
You're alive.
You're alive.
And smash the system.
You're alive.
And help for a revolution.
A revolution.
A revolution.
A revolution.
Blast him!
Fire was me.
Fire was me.
Now I am.
A monkey.
A monkey.
Monkey.
Monkey.
And I am a monkey.
Don't.
Mollage is free.
We do not forgive.
We do not forget.
Expect us.
We do not forget.
This is the formula
for a nation.
Or kingdom decline.
Where did you two take this elevator from Shangri-La?
For no kingdom can maintain itself by force alone.
Force does not work the way its advocates think in fact it does.
It does not, for example, reveal to the victim the strength of the adversary.
The power of the force.
The power of the force.
The power of the force.

It feeds the desire for Easiness the
will to police.
of the adversary.
Me!
I'll get him.
No talking behind my back.
This is so rich.
It was a stone's groove, my man.
The record player was still playing.
He's not dead yet.
But it's a head wound.
I do not call it a mistake.
I do not call it a mendacity.
I call it sin.
My family must survive.
Intelligent people don't just turn their backs on the rest of the world.
Under these conditions, intelligent people will be the first to try.
I still believe that we can do it.
Do with this country something that has not been done before.
The mothership has landed.
It's time to tear the roof off the mother sucker.
Elvis has left the building.
I'm not sure if it was him who ordered me to do it.
Well, your ploy may have ensure I don't kill myself.
There will be nothing cold, theoutm沒有
Great era liberalization and the worst Mint plan to use to build this country.
a tree to build a new vision far from the reaches of kingdom and foe.
As Christians some were burned riches and later took slaves to gain riches.
Still from near and far to America they came by thousands to court the wild.
She just patiently smiled and bore a child to be the vision and guiding light.
And once the ties with the ground had been broken, westward in saddle and wagon it went.
And till the railroads linked ocean to ocean, many the lies which had come to an end.
We bullied, stole and bought our homeland.
Then began the story of the wild.
The slaughter of the red men.
Still from near and far to America they came by thousands to court the wild.
She just patiently smiled and bore a child to be the spirit and guiding light.
And once the ties with the ground had been broken, westward in saddle and wagon it went.

She just patiently smiled and bore a child to be the spirit and guiding light.
And still from near and far to America they came by thousands to court the wild.
She just patiently smiled and bore a child to be the spirit and guiding light.
And still from near and far to America they came by thousands to court the wild.

And though the past has it's share of injustice, kind was the spirit in many a way.
But it's protectors and friends have been sleeping.
Now it's a monster and will not obey.
The spirit was freedom and justice.
And his keepers seemed friendly and kind
His leaders were supposed to serve the country
But now they won't pay it no mind
Cause people grew fat and got lazy
Cause their vote is a meaningless joke
They can babble about law and order
But it's all just a nickle of what they've been told
Cause there's a monster on the loose
It's got our heads into a noose
And it just sits there watching
Our cities have turned into jungles
And corruption is straying on the land
The police force is watching the people
And the people just can't understand
We don't know how to mind our own business
The world's a mess
It's got to be just like us
Now we are fighting a war over there
No matter who's the winner
We can't pay the cost
Cause there's a monster on the loose
It's got our heads into a noose
And it just sits there watching
America, where are you now?
Don't you care about your sons and daughters?
Don't you know we need you now?
We can't fight alone against the monster
America, where are you now?
Don't you care about your sons and daughters?
Don't you know we need you now?
We can't fight alone against the monster
America, where are you now?
Don't you care about your sons and daughters?
Don't you know we need you now?
We can't fight alone against the monster
Oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh
That's the word he wouldn't catch, he's gone
Oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh
And he's thinking of all them all
First he begs a few holes in a tree to see
Yeah, but Redwood's really mad
And it's nothing to him
Oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh
The back of your head.
Head.
Head.
Head.
Head.
Credits.
Yes, credits.
Where credits are do-do.
Do-do-do all the way down.
Except on Hour of Slack where everything is so wonderful.
And credit is due to Reverend Cool Hand Chris who did the collages we've been hearing.
Now, this is all in theory because I haven't actually put any of this together yet.
This is one of those shows.
Cool Hand Chris did all that Media Barrage collage type stuff from a million different sources, including Subgenius Ones.
And you can find his great videos and also music at, if you search for the...
The Cool Hand Chris Rocks.
Yes, that's it.
Cool Hand Chris Rocks.
Try that with one word and you'll find your way there.
The music, okay.
Of course, the Rudy Schwartz Project did Tampon Louie.
Who else?
And of course, the Psychoskeletons did that instrumental called Known Allergy.
An unknown instrumental.
And of course, the Rainmakers covered the Steppenwolf song Monster.
From their latest album called Cover Band.
And Lothar and the Hand People did the Woody Woodpecker theme.
That's a lot of ands.
And Lothar and the Hand People.
That's a lot of good stuff, too.
And now we'll cut to the part where we have already called Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
There it goes.
Like that?
Yeah.
But we'll be...
Cutting all this part out.
We'll make it seem like he just picked it up.
I have the correct address now.
I'm sorry it took me so long.
I didn't mean to cause any problems.
I'm sorry.
Well, you know it's not the clone of Dave when he says, I'm sorry.
And he is.
He's mighty.
But he's so...
Always so sorry.
Oh, yeah.
Dave, you're just too much, man.
You're over the top.
I'm not enough.
You're as me.
I try so hard.
It's your Dave-ness and your sorriness.
You're over the top, man.
You make me crack up.
So my weeping makes you laugh?
Yeah.
From your weeping lips will laugh.
Is that what he said?
You need to speak a little more clearly.
I think it was weeping witchy laugh.
Oh, no.
Oh, whoa, whoa.
Did it just happen?
No.
No, Dave.
You can't do that.
Okay.
I'll never do that again.
You don't ever do that again, man.
Just because.
Not the bubblegum garble, please.
Yeah.
Yeah, remember, even though we have hearing aids, our listeners are deaf.
Don't they have the implants still?
The all-important sausage we eat?
Not most of them.
No, most of them are in their cars and they're deaf.
And they're listening to two stations at once.
One on their...
Oh, my God.








It's like a podcaster and one on their radio.
And that's when they're speaking about pods, they add some sort of small animals for growing
in their ears.
Pods?
Small animals glowing in my ear.
Remember, Dave, speak up.
Slap yourself in the face a couple of times.
I don't think they have a name yet for them.
It's small.
They reduced the pond or they, you know, stunk the swamp or created rich architecture of
a foreign bizarge.
Oh, God.

When I was a kid, I had a small pod.








Could be any number of those things
I guess so
Goodness
I'm actually confused
Well that's because you're a peckerwood
Hey, hey, hey, hey man
No need to get personal
We don't need to drag race into this
We prefer
We prefer
We prefer to be called
Hobuckers, sir
If you don't mind
The notion of neon animals in my ears
Is just
The music in the background is from the movie
Dark City
Who did that?
That was a very cute
Not cute, she's that stupid
That was a very deep, poignant thought
What did you say, Wee?
I forgot already
See, I made
I made sure of that
Hey, I have a rant here
That I can read to everyone
That I didn't write
So it
It might be pretty good
Could be, could be
I turned on
The Lonesome Scrub Genius Forum today
Where the
If you're an actual dues paying subgenius member
You can join it
Because I'm the one who lets people in
I'm the one who knows your address
The gatekeeper
All those catechism people
But any, yeah, anyway
One
A real old time
Timey subgenius
I mean, he's been involved for 20 years at least
This is the professor pressure
He used to be pastor pressure
But now he's a professor
Such a wonderful subgenius
Great cook
Really, really generous
He comes to most X days
To wait for the saucers
Just as faithfully as anybody
His faith hasn't been touched
Anyway, he posted
He's naive and discredulous
Huh?
He's simply a great person
Oh, yeah
Anyway, this isn't real long
It's about half a page
He said
He titled it
What's Been Real
He says
An old friend of mine used to say
You see what you need to see
So I was curious about what some of you
Have discovered while contemplating the word of Bob
Maybe anytime you delve into a belief system
No matter how crazy you are
Or how crazy and convoluted it might be
Our minds begin to construct patterns
That become part of a web of beliefs
These beliefs shape how we feel, act and interact
A story you hear every now and again
Is how someone found the subgenius
And had something in them restored
I'm going to admit I'm one of them
For me, it's been a pretty interesting trip
Of many different colors and shades
For better or worse
You all...
And he's talking about the subgenius
He's talking to the subgeniuses
You all comprise the closest thing
I can think of as my tribe
The fact that at the root of this
Is the world's longest shaggy dog story
Doesn't change the truth hidden in the middle
Either accidental or intentional
One of the things I've gotten from this wild ride is this
When you think you got the joke
And then realize that if you think you got it
You don't
For me, that concept has been
One of my core principles
And it's helped me to regulate other core beliefs
No kidding
There is no joke, he joked
There is no belief, he believed
This is not a pipe
There's another one harder to pin down
Because it comes out of the idea
That there is a conspiracy to keep us held down
The problem is that there isn't just one conspiracy
But millions
There's no bloody head on it
It's just a jumbled down idea of a conspiracy to keep us held down
It's a jumbled down idea of a conspiracy to keep us held down
A clustered beep
A seething mass of tentacles punching our buttons
Big ones and little ones all competing for our life, liberty and happiness
Knowing this, or at least believing I know it
Made me realize how much of my soul I was selling
It was literally profound and life changing
I hadn't realized how loud the calliope music was
Until I got off that damn merry-go-round
Thanks Bob
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
Glitter
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
I don't know why there's a song in the background.
That's terrible.
Anyway, that was Professor Pressure.
Praise Professor Pressure.
May I offer some criticism?
In the middle, there was that part about the middle.
I thought he should have had that more in the beginning and less towards the end.
But outside of that, I would say it was very refreshing looking, very succinct,
and summing up the entirety of our being.
Of our problem.
And our solution.
Our solution is J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Faith in that man, Bob.
You don't have to even know what he's talking about.
Just have faith in him.
And the slack will come pouring upon you like snow melting off the roof
and unexpectedly creeping down in front of your dress, chilling you,
scaring you half to death.
That's what Bob is.
He's that drip from the icicle that suddenly hits you right where you're most sensitive
and makes you go, whoop!
Well.
I guess I'm going to notice this guy.
I have to agree with that, yep.
Buddy got that.
Buddy, the guard dog.
Buddy, the guard dog, he heard that drip hitting you.
Did you hear that?
He punctuated it.
That's like an exclamation point.
There was a little bark up there.
He barked twice.
We used to have, oh damn it, would be howling or yowling in the background.
He's a little bit of a wuss.





Hey, it snowed in Texas today.
It's snowed in Texas today.
It's snowed in Texas today.
It's snowed in Texas today.
I thought about running down to the highway just to park near the highway and watch all
the car wrecks because that's what Texans do if there's a little bit of snow or ice.
Well, that's probably why we saw those white stripes on the road yesterday.
Yeah, there were mysterious, like extra white stripes in the road.





like four stripes in each lane.
And we Googled that.
We Googled it, and they said, it's just saline.
It's not chemtrails.
It's not Valium to make you, you know.
Make your car sleepy.
Yeah, it's just, it's not mind-controlled drugs.
It's just, it's a saline solution so that the ice,
instead of turning into hard ice, it'll be kind of mushy ice.
That was pretty good timing on their part
because we did actually get a very brief 10 minutes of sleety snow,
which made all the prickly pear, green cactus look great,
but it was gone in an hour.
The snow was gone,
except in the shadow of the sacred subgenius shed
where the sun does not shine.
That's the place where the sun doesn't shine.
The snow is still there.
Yeah, the snow will be there.
It's going to be there all summer long
because the unholy shadow of the holy shed is like a,
it doesn't just hold back the sun.
It holds back all the warmth and radiation and human love.
And you go inside, and there's snow everywhere.
The walls and ceiling are covered with snow
that is permanent and never goes away.
And yet there's a heater on in there,
but none of it melts or drips.
It's like held in place by eldritch Lovecraftian magic.
It's magic.
Yeah, and I found, it was so magical.
Dave, yesterday I opened the box.
It's like the most nondescript box in the whole room.
It's the oldest, most beat up box.
You wouldn't keep anything important in there.
But of course.
I thought you kept thousands of nondescript boxes.
We do.
And this is the most nondescript.
Of course, that draws attention to it.
I knew there was something wrong with that.
It's the most nondescript.
The cops would instantly go to that one.
Anyway, inside this nondescript,
this nondescript box is the original one true Dobbs head.
The little yellow piece of clip art from the Yellow Pages,
a clip art book that Philo and I simultaneously found
in his clip art book and that all Dobbs heads,
all Dobbs heads are descended from this object in the shed.
Yes.
Now behind that object for the first time,
well, actually in the very back of the,
is he whispering?
Or is that the back of the book?
He's whispering.
It must be the evil background music.
In the back of the back of the box under the last folder
was a memo from Bob that we'd never seen before.
No one.
I mean, we thought we thought we'd found them all, you know.
But it's like Hendrix tapes sooner or later.
A really killer one surfaces that you didn't know existed.
And it was a memo from Bob.
It's one of those steno notes from the late 50s or early 60s.
And here's what it said.
Get ready.
It's kind of shocking, but it'll make you feel better.
But we're only hurting the feelings of idiots.
That was the quote.
That was the quote, Bob.
But we were. But we're.
Let me get this straight and get it right.
But we are. But we are only hurting the feelings of idiots.
Now, I guess that could be another bumper.
Yeah, that's not a good aping style.
This is an idiot.
You know, I know it's weird that Bob would say idiot because he's famous for
being practically brainless, but lucky, right?
And yeah, and it's often termed an idiot himself.
It doesn't make sense. It just doesn't make sense.
Well, but remember, Bob is beyond what we
think of as morality or good or he's beyond those things.
So be conscious of hurting someone's feelings.
That's that's well, it it may have been just the most innocent expression

But we're only a joke.
It could have been like a joke made to a stranger in a grocery store line.
Well, the thing is, sometimes with your with your cans of grapes and stuff,
it's going to rain tomorrow and you say, go screw yourself and get out.
I'll force you, Mark, like a dog.
And then somebody said, but we're only hurting the feelings of idiots.
Like, that's OK.
Like, I think Bob just honestly felt
that, well, that's just self-evident.
And so but we're only hurting the feelings of idiots.
And I guess it follows that that means it's all right.
But I don't care. He's right.
He's absolutely right.
If you think about it, if anybody gets their feelings hurt by Church
of the subgenius, that's exactly what proves they're an idiot.
Even lower than a subgenius.
And when we call somebody dumb, man, that's doctor.
We already have a pretty low bar.
When somebody goes below us, give me a break.
You got to be putting me on.
It's like doing that famous holiday dance
they used to do on the beaches in 1967, the Bimini Bimbo Limbo.
That's a very low bar to get under if she asked me.
I would never stand.
I never stand in line for that guy.
I don't take it all seriously.
That's how I get by.
You see, if I see Bob in my mind, I know something terrible could happen at any moment.
I don't interpret.
I'm the same way that most of you do, because they see an image of Bob.
They think slack, slack.
Everything's going to be so merciful and sweet.
Everything like a little diamond dog vagina.
But after the day,
calm down, Dave, calm down. It'll be OK.
If Bob's not here now, I don't think you're safe.
I don't I don't think he hasn't been tracked anywhere near Ashtabula.
Well, if he didn't have, you know, going into the, you know, going into the,
you know, Dr. Sinister saw him in Cleveland once.
So I'm getting hit by a car.
Yeah. And then he was right back.
Right.
Suddenly back in the pipe shop again.
So we're crazy.
Totally not.
I remember him talking about the time that he actually and I and he actually I believed it.
Yeah, yeah.
It's conceivable that that story got played on WCSB again tonight because they were for our slack.
They can't play this.
Live as we're doing it.
They have to play it live on off of a CD about three months later.
They record. They were playing the New Year's show
when we both when we all called into to the doctor's Sinister's show on New Year's.
And they were playing what?
So I was playing that now and they were playing.
So now it's the second time the poor Cleveland listeners had to hear that show.
But they're chained to their radios at nine o'clock p.m. Sunday.
So. And.
All the way through all the way through to like two in the morning.
They're pretty much pinned like, yeah, like butterflies on display struggling.
But they're alive.
They're in there on the display.
And they're struggling.
You're going, please turn off the hour of slack and radio synesthesia and radio.
Please, please.
I can't take it anymore.
But you can't turn it off because that's
part of the signal that prevents you from reaching for that dial.
Metaphorically, that you're pinned.
You're pinned.
It's almost not metaphorical.
Well, yeah, of course not, because that's why we're crying right now,
because you are so many troops over there in Parma, the West Side areas.
There's so many in here, including I don't know about Galveston or Sweet,
Sweet Galveston, Tejas or San Antonio.
Those places are so far away.
They're like three normal sized states away from here.
Everything is that far from here.
Except Granbury.
Granbury is pretty close.
I've been I've been saying that this was the edge of the hill country.
And I looked it up and I've been I've been lying.
It's not the hill country is way, way south here.
It starts sort of around Austin and goes west.
Enchanted Rock and Fredericksville.
All right. That's right.
It is hillier than here.
And they do have
some bigger rocks like the one giant piece of granite the size of the moon.
It's poking out of Texas there.
That's a cool place, man.
That is the Enchanted Rockets, this giant pink granite dome
that sheds every five billion years, little bits slide off the dome.
I'd love to ride one down, but.
Yeah, let's go.
But the weather's going to be great.
Oh, wait, I have to do a job.
So do you.
Darn it. Yeah, but don't slip off the backside.
Do you. Yeah, that's right.
If you go to Enchanted Rock, first off, don't go today.
It's 32 degrees.
You're going to freeze you.
You're going to catch your death cold.
You freeze to death and you might fall off the backside.
Later, we discovered that there is a backside to the Enchanted Rock.
Oh, yes, it is enchanted on the front side.
But then if you go around to the backside, there's a hole.
There really is.
There's a.
There's a cave.
In fact, I found some pictures of us in it.
Only you weren't one of us then.
It's in the 70s.
I've been dwelling in the 70s all day because I found a bunch of.
Like you've got flared bell bottoms on your underpants, like you're wearing,
especially got like a wax massage and singing those Tony Orlando songs.
Well, how do you know?
Stuff like that.
How do you have that's uncanny that he.
We don't have we're not doing a teleconference.
I think it's he's just psychic.
I can I guess in my mind I can see like a pair of white patent leather.
OK, does does my hair look just like it did in the 70s?
Pretty much.
Yeah, actually, he smells it.
Do I still smell like patchouli?
Yeah, you smell like patchouli oil.
You smell like I smell like Buddy.
But
areas.
I've.
I've had a hey, hey.
Oh, my my sister had the the list.
We'll have to read it next time because I'm using it.
I don't know.
I'm afraid to mess with the phone right now.
But my my sister texted me her definitions
of the hair patterns in different areas of dogs.
Like, for instance, the fifth is the little whorl on the chest.
And then the fifth is the one around the tank and so forth.
She had all these different names.
She has defined them.
And we will share that next next week or next rerun or something.
Yes, they all have.
But what I was going to say, Dave, OK, they're making this documentary movie.
Right.
About the early days of Church of the subgenius
that which has kind of irritated some
later day saints who didn't come along until, say, 1990 or 91,
because the movie makers aren't as.
Interested in what happened then.
It was like the very early years when everything was really crazy.
That's the focus before it before, you know, the craziness was all legislated.
And, you know, there's a certain order to how when how you launched a bleeding head
of all this rigmarole, you know, a bunch of.
They started to lose the spirit.
So they're focusing on the early stuff and they're desperate for early photos
of especially me and Philo, but they also interviewed Sterno and Onan.
And then a lot.
And I'm going to force them to get G.
Gordon Gordon anyway.
So we had to find old.
It's up to me to find the old photos.
And I kept saying, oh, we got tons of them.
Well, maybe, but they weren't real good digital copies.
And so I've been finding the old originals and negatives and scanning them.
And God, I was so stupid looking in the 70s.
I know the feeling.
I was so stupid. I was cute.
I was so handsome. I can't believe it.
I thought I was ugly.
I honestly as when I was 20 years old, I thought I was ugly.
When I was 16, I thought I was ugly.
Was cute as I could be a slim and cute.
But I was stupid looking in every one of those pictures.
I just looked like an idiot. No.
Yeah. And I'm going to end up with a time lapse of pictures of myself looking like
an idiot from age of two to now.
There's not one picture of me looking like
a serious author with a pipe or anything like that.
It's all like, well, there's pipes in it,
but it's always looking like an idiot with a pipe.
No, there's a lot of great serious pictures of you, including your high school graduate.
You think it'll hurt the feelings of idiots?
You're mean to yourself.
Lean into the mic.
I think we are devolving right now into our maternal
instincts and protecting our husband's elbows.
Mr. McStay.
I'm simply being honest.
No, when you see these particular pictures, you'll go, oh, my God.
They must have thought they was real cool to be that stoned or that drunk.
Yeah, I mean, the smile gives it away.
A lot of the smiles, your smile when you have pictures of yourself in the 70s and
80s and stuff, you go, what the blank, you know, this is like.
And you start laughing real hard.
For some reason, my eyes are always behind that smile.
It's like totally.
He is an idiot or was an idiot.
Well, I don't know.
I mean, it's just like you can you look at that and you go, yeah,
that guy's a sub genius, all right.
And the weird thing is, I look so much like my nephew.
I always thought my nephew looked like an idiot.
And I don't think that's weird.
Anyway, it's not.
Not everybody does.
So does my nephew look exactly like my nephew?
Oh, the things that we don't know for certain.
It's just so perplexing.
That's why I'm glad I'm not.
A true member of the church is subgenius because I'd be slapping my forehead all
day going with that, but what do you mean you're not a true man?
You mean you're not?
You didn't send in your thirty five bucks.
It was only twenty bucks when you were.
I bribed you with twenty bucks.
You said keep it. I'm just kidding.
That's because I didn't want you on the saucers with me because you to tell
the truth, man, you the cigarette smell just I just didn't want you on this.
So full of baloney.
That is the biggest lie.
He's going to give.
Give somebody a free membership.
That's when you give some.
That's the saddest thing.
I mean, I hate to tell you that, man, but it's like if I give somebody a free
membership, that's that's as good as me saying, well, at least I don't have to deal
with you on the saucers because you never had sent in the thirty five bucks.
So I actually did.
I actually sent the thirty five bucks to subgenius foundation, which I own.
But I didn't even have to come back to you.
Just like your Germanic.
And he said you were going to send a picture of what's his name?
Scotty and oatmeal through the windows.
My kids are doomed.
Somebody else bought somebody else bought memberships for my kids.
But if they didn't really buy it, you can't let that happen.
Yeah. Don't tell him.
We don't have to worry about him hearing this hearing it on the show.
That won't have spasmodic dancing, unfortunate rhythms and everything like that.
You got some of these children have to be put in the proper atmosphere.
Like for kids with autism or, you know, different.
And I beg to differ with you.
You gifted all of your nieces and nephews with memberships for Christmas about ten
years ago, all of them were given your children.
Well, I'm going to have to edit all this
out because they're going to all be offended that I kicked them off the saucers.
But they just they.
They don't like the you know, they always want to watch the movie.
I don't care about.
They don't want to play my video game.
You always just want to play their video games.
Too bad.
But they didn't read the first page of Book of the Subgenius or the first page
of the first pamphlet, their tough luck if our site gives them a headache.
Well, so be it.
That's funny.
My daughter actually says she has been saying this since she was about five.
But that as soon as she starts
sharing the hour of slack, she gets a headache.
And she I mean, she it's not she's not trying to hurt my feelings.
She's serious.
Well, doesn't that make you feel better?
Just think of it.
It's not an involuntary spasmodic reaction.
She thinks it sucks.
I mean, no, I mean, that I know she.
But there was a time when she was she was actually helping Jesus.
Jesus, our our our our erstwhile business partner.
And she was helping him with a mail out or something.
He had a crappy revival recording in the background.
I think it's me and like him preaching and she's listening to that.
It wasn't very good.
I don't know why it was even on and she goes, you know, to tell the truth,
I don't think I'd be very interested in this stuff.
You know, from hearing this, I'm like, that's OK.
She was it was a really crappy one.
No one ever bought it anyway.
It was one that I released to the people.
Some people in Madison recorded a
some ranting we did in a bar, but it was a bad record.
The people in the bar were all talking.
They weren't listening to us and they had they were marked to
that it was like it sounded like to a couple of drunks yelling and
and Reverend Velveteen Sly was there there's a whole it does have some some
cool.
Ranting by her and Sister Heidi and, you know, some unusual stuff that's not in
most of our old tape that revival then fire.
Yeah. Divide and fire.
That was ironical because the night the night after we had that
unfortunate revival, oh, somebody stole the bleeding head.
We had a really good replica.
It was a replica, but it was a detailed replica bleeding head.
Somebody stole it from the bar and we were horrified.
The next.
We got up the next morning and read in the paper that that bar burned to the
ground that night right after our show.
I don't suppose it could have been that fire juggling that Circus Apocalypse did.
But or was that before their time?
Yeah, it was.
That was before they're trying to put the blame for the fire on the guys in the side.
Show that's all you give a gobble.
Give a gobble. You are one of us.
Oh, man. I've actually seen it.
We accept you.
I've seen a couple of close calls and they have set up at the Carnegie.
In
Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh Circus Apocalypse.
I hadn't even gotten to preach yet.
Circus Apocalypse did their fire juggling act and the fire alarm went off and we all
had to go outside in the snow and legumes stood there on the steps of that Carnegie
place with a bullhorn bellowing like something out of Planet of the Apes.
You know,
I'm not killing.
So the video of that.
That was interesting.
Yes, I bet I could find that.
But we can't use it because like him is angry at the church.
He says everyone in the church is jerks now.
Not two years ago.
Right about that part, at least the very, very end of what he said.
Everybody in the church is jerks.
But he should use the wrong nominative case because he said everybody in the church is are his creeps or is.
Well, actually, he used a word.
I don't want to.
I don't want to censor because it's very difficult to trim.
Well, yeah, you're if you're talking about his stage vegetables, as they used to call it in France.
The backside is that they're every let's just say everybody in the church is subgenius is a backside.
Well, two years ago, I've got this.
He did a teleconference and told everyone
at X Day who was sitting there, all 20 of us.
He goes, you know, if you get into where you think everybody around you is.
Backside, probably you're the backside.
So just quit being a backside.
I quit being a backside.
And if I was there, I'd make sweet love every single one of you girls.
It was pretty funny.
But he has now contradicted himself and is saying that everybody is a backside in the church is a genius.
It's like, well, I certainly don't wouldn't know how to even begin to answer such a primordial supposition.
Especially for.
We're all backsides.
Professor. Yeah, we all are.
But we're all we all have a front side to why not?
Both.
We're all enchanted rocks or magic stones or walking backwards.
Yeah. Everybody is a star.
Of course, most stars can't support life or planets with life.
The vast majority of stars would destroy you instantly.
Everybody is also a backside.
Yep, everybody is.
And has one.
When I climb your.
You're a gleaming white hump.
You're gleaming white hump.
Dave wrote a new song.
Dave is so creative.
He just they just jump out of him.
He's from that 60s book of candy.
It's called Gleaming White Hump.
Oh, I've read that about ten times by Terry Southern, my fellow Texan.
Gleaming White Hump.
No, there's.
The dwarf had a gleaming white hump.
But he's a Mexican gardener, isn't he?
But or is that a different dwarf?
He was portrayed by Ringo Starr, wasn't he?
Yeah, right.
Yeah, that was.
That's before Ringo Starr was a professional football player.
Just think of all the intense pressure there was on him last Sunday when the
Super Bowl game was going on and everybody's.
I thought he was an Olympic.
And then they had a riot afterwards and people were screaming, Viva Zapata and stuff.
And then they had a riot.
Because they didn't want to go home.
They knew they were really born across the border in Mexico.
But Ringo's my favorite Beatle because he
was in all the coolest, much cooler movies than any of the other Beatles were.
Like Caveman, 200 Motels,
The Magic Christian, just to name three unbelievable classics.
Well, actually, Caveman is pretty bad, but he met Barbara, his wife to be Barbara
Bach on the set of that movie, which I've never seen.
Even even though it has dinosaurs in it, I've never seen it.
I've just seen clips.
So I know it's stupid, but anyway, Ringo's cool, though.
Yeah, Ringo's cool.
I mean, he might be a jerk.
He might be a backside, but he was in some
funny movies and he played Frank Zappa with a liver puddley an accent.
I remember the Pud overtures.
That was a terrible, terrible blight back in the days of ancient Londonium when they
used to draw the oysters right out of the Thames River.
They just go over there and they just grab a handful and put them on the bucket fire
and stone it up just like there was some kind of huge old garbage man or something.
You know, that's why I never joined.
I would never tell my child to join the Navy or any other police force unless they
had the proper equipment and were forced freedom down different tubes.
I just I'm again.
I think you'd be a really good, responsible parent that way.
Dad.
Well, I think you've got me all emotional inside right now.
Oh, just for saying that.
It makes me sad.
I want to cry and get happy somehow.
You see, friends, when you're a member of the Church of the subgenius, you're in a
tribe of backsides who hate each other. Yes.
Us.
Our friends, as the late great Chaz Smith said, are so fucked up.
Now, you said that for the for the other audience rather than the politician.
Oh, I'll have to bleep it for the broadcast audience.
Do you ever use a horn sound like a bicycle?
I don't want to.
No, I usually either.
He's I send you sometimes I send you the censored chest.
I know.
I think I usually send him the uncensored.
The ones that they go.
I usually use just an irritating noise, but like a wrong answer buzzer.
Although sometimes we use the word Bob for to replace a cuss word.
And lately I've been using Trump or trumping.
Yeah, I remember the days of Trumping things.
Get your trumping backside out of here.
Oh, no.
I'm known as Mr.
Trout.
I'm going to up here.
I'm going to I'm going to trump up your Bob.
What a trumping backside.
Yeah.
Do you think you're in your trumping backside?
Trumpy
is like one of the people.
All right.
Oh, he's one of Mr.
Trump could could conceivably hiding his.
His ethnic background, like he slobbered on one of those Q-tips and sent it back
to the factory where they do the demographic for you.
And if he was to look at his view to find out who's one of the lizard people.
What?
And he was a lizard.
He had reptilian blood.
Oh, oh, oh, you believe in that conspiracy.
They're really fish people, man.
Give me a break.
Well, then maybe they're the children of the old ones.
They live in the deep.
They'll go back to the sea someday and leave us.
Oh, yes.
He's up here alone with the humans.
Hey, look, Dave, we have to the show's over.
We have to go. It really is.
The show's over. It's OK.
It's P.O. Box 807.
Glen Rose, Texas.
Seven six zero four three.
That's how you find
where to send your
confirmation card when you're confirmed.
Yes.
Dave.
And this has been our site number one thousand six hundred and sixty one.
Not bad with our guest, except he's not he's really just like a he's a host.
Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
That's the that the that the phone phone man.
He doesn't have a head.
It's just a voice.
And the neck by neck.
I learned some cowboy.
And.
Yes, we and we heard from Buddy just very.
I don't know if you can hear him of the background.
He made a lot more sense to the whole three rest of us.
Well, if you're a dog.
All right.
And so if you're any sense of being here, Wolf and Roof.
And so we must sadly sign off and sign away our souls.
That's a sign from heaven not stored in any souls.
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Our salvation and our slackness all rolled into one big grinning head.
Half tone dots.
With a trademark sign next to it.
Little R inside a circle.
Actually registered trademark.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
