In 5, 4, 3, 2, 1
Signal to noise
Begin transmission
This program is brought to you by Bob
And
Hallelujah
Awesome
Let's see
What we can do for the subgenius today
I am seeking information about Bob
Let us see what is on the radio
You're listening to PR News
No, I don't think I can accept that program
No, I don't think I can accept that program

No, I don't think I can accept that program
No, I don't think I can accept that program
Welcome to nightmare
From PR News in Washington
I'm working towards the elimination of Pittsburgh and North Korea
Investigators say they found JPEG images of Bob on his computer
Both those men were arrested on charges of lying to PR News in Pakistan last year
Pittsburgh
Police in Pittsburgh say they were all lying to Bob on his computer
Also PRs
And countries like Pittsburgh need to consume more
To build a more sustainable PR News
Less prone to Pittsburgh
Nearly 15 million point 7 percent
PR News
On Wall Street
369-417-07
23-10-9
Former U.S. President says he hopes to explode gas emissions
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, you know
The United Nations Security Council has unanimously signed off
On a U.S.-sponsored resolution to ban gas emissions from the U.S.
And it's expected that the U.S. will accept the bill
As it would commit all nations to working towards the elimination of PR News in Washington
Hello, this is me, Bernard
You know, no, no mistake for who's calling here
For whom's calling here
You know, I just want to say, you know, the Conspiracy of the Pinks
You know, in their counterfeit society
They are idiots
You know, you know, they eventually will get what's coming to them
You know, and hopefully
that the UFOs, alien beings not from this world, will do something about it.
You know, to stop these, you know, the beast element of humanity
who are screwing around with our individual rights and our freedoms
will, you know, wipe out these humans.
You know, these brains of so-called humans
who represent society, whom are the most visible at large.
What have you been doing with your life?
Uh, professional killer.
Oh, good for you. It's a growth industry.
I'm an annoyance to my superiors.
A joke to my peers.
They call me spooky.
You'll see him in your nightmares.
You'll see him in your dreams.
Spooky Mulder, whose sister was abducted.
Abducted by aliens.
Chases after little green men.
Conspiracy.
Designed and directed by his red rat hand.
Chatting to the heavens, or anyone who'll listen,
that the fix is in and the government's hit for the truth
and part of the conspiracy.
I can no longer sit back and allow
communist infiltration, communist indoctrination,
communist subversion,
and the international communist conspiracy
to sap and impurify
all of our precious bodily fluids.
Now it is 1980.
1980.
Before
Knock and knock at your front door
It's the suede denim secret police
They have come for your uncool mates
You can never tell anyone you did this.
What, what could they do to me?
Take him home to your house and kill you.
So what's your business?
It's a professional killer.
Do you get down all the way back?
Must be some kind of conspiracy.
The whole world's a goddamn conspiracy.
Look anywhere long enough, you're gonna find a conspiracy.
And life is a conspiracy!
Here's my theory on that.
When I was institutionalized, my brain was exhausted in the guise of mental health.
I was interrogated, I was x-rayed, I was examined thoroughly.
Then they took everything about me and put it into a computer where they created this model of my mind.
Yes, using that model, they managed to generate every thought I could possibly have in the next, say, ten years,
which they then filtered through a probability matrix of some kind to determine everything.
Everything I was gonna do in that period.
And when you peel back my eyes, I see the pain and feel alive.
I see leaves on this fire that burns inside you.
I see many things. I see plans within plans.
Ah!
Ten years, man! Ten!
Where have you been for ten years?
I freaked out, joined the army, went into business for myself.
I'm a professional killer.
Oh, does that, do you have to do postgraduate work for that, or can you jump right in?
I'm curious about that.
It's an open market.
Open market, that's good.
Wow.
I'm a professional killer.
I'm a professional killer.
I'm a professional killer.
I'm a professional killer.

I'm a professional killer.
I'm a professional killer.
I'm a professional killer.
I am just a figment of your imagination.
You've just been erased.
Whoa, that was a collage on the conspiracy from a new contributor called Signal to Noise.
That is reverenderic.com.
A suitable intro for this hour of Slack number 1225.
Before that, we heard our frequent...
We call her Bernard, who loves our toll-free number a little too much.
PR News is from Leemur, as was our new title, although the very beginning was also Signal to Noise.
And much of this show, however, comes from episode 29 of the British podcast called Right Where You Are Sitting Now,
with hosts Ken Monaghan and Ken Eakins.
So, one of the things we wanted to talk to you about today,
there was a book that you guys released.
It was actually one of the most underrated, I think, of the subgenius releases in book.
It was the High Weirdness by Mail.
Can you talk a little bit about how that happened and the back story behind it?
Right.
In the middle 1980s, after the book of the subgenius had been first unsuccessfully published by McGraw-Hill
and then successfully republished by McGraw-Hill,
by Simon & Schuster, the editor at Simon & Schuster, the late Tim McGinnis,
suggested that I put together a non-fiction but amusing book about rival cults.
And I did.
High Weirdness by Mail covers not just kooky cults and people who don't believe in Bob,
but political extremists, very extreme art.
This was in the 80s.
Things like body modification were relatively new.
And there was no internet to speak of.
So, it was mainly about self-published, the kind of self-published material you could get over the mail.
Now, since that time, the book has been rendered, well, I mean, that was 20 years ago.
About half of those groups and cults are gone.
Although the most...
bizarre, to my mind, ones are still in business and have their own websites and so forth.
But the internet kind of made my book redundant.
Because there are dozens of sites on the internet that sarcastically examine different types of cults and wackos, kooks, crazies, and visionaries.
You know, one man's kook.
That's another man's presidential candidate.
There's another man's gay lover.
There's another man's clip art deity.
And with the internet now, it's so easy for a psychotic person to put their writings out in the world that it's like I couldn't possibly keep up with them.
In fact, when you asked me about talking about new cults, I had to do some homework.
And I asked on alt.slack this morning if anybody had any new favorite kooky cults.
One person said that kookery has gone mainstream since the days of high weirdness by mail.
The most obvious example being current U.S. politics.
And then my friend...
Well, I should...
You know, in some ways, the book...
The book High Weirdness by Mail is being updated by something called the High Weirdness Project.
Yeah, I was going to bring that up later, actually.
But yeah, yeah, go on.
Yeah, our friend Reverend Modemac created his own wiki type thing, a Wikipedia type of setup that examines weirdness of all kinds.
And he sent me a list of his favorites.
But to tell the truth, they're all kind of...
Either they're...
They're old or they're...
They're so well known that...
Well, like David Icke, for instance.
Yeah, yeah.
They're in your...
On your own...
On your home planet.
He's relatively new.
He wasn't around when I wrote High Weirdness by Mail.
But, for instance, the Lyndon LaRouche movement was...
And for some reason is still going on.
You know, the Flat Earth Society.
The Flat Earth Society still exists.
Yeah.
Even the breath Aryans exist.
And they were people who believed that you could live only on air.
You can't.
And their guru was caught cheating numerous times.
But you know how belief is.
You'll believe, as my father said,
I believe whatever I need to believe.
And some people need to believe things.

That I don't need to believe.
I had one friend who read a book that convinced him that the...
That the U.S. had never sent a spaceship to the moon.
There had never been a manned moon landing.
And when I tried to argue that I thought maybe there had been,
he got almost angry to the point of physical fighting.
But not a month later, he was arguing...
He had...
He had read a different book and decided that not only had we been to the moon,
but we had taken over the existing ancient civilization's moon bases
and were keeping slaves there.
Right.
And would get just as upset if you tried to tell him that.
There wasn't much proof for that either.
So I...
You know, actually, when I finished A High Weirdness by Mail,
it was hard work being so sarcastic.
It was hard work being so sarcastic.

About so many sincere people.
And I kind of got burned out on cult bashing
and became more of a professional kook myself.
So I now know more about the kooks within my own cult,
the subgenius cult,
than I do about the new, you know, rival cults.
Now, there are some new ones, though.
For instance, the 9-11 truthers.
Yeah, yeah.
Now, some people would say there's...
That's like the JFK assassination.
You know, there's a lot of argument,
and it'll probably never be settled for sure.
No.
You know, there's people who say that the Holocaust never happened
to whom I say maybe World War II never happened.
For all we know, World War II was faked.
I wasn't there. I didn't see it.
I've seen lots of movies, but you can fake anything.
I've seen a movie.
Here in the U.S., we have a new type of reactionary kook called birthers
who are trying to believe or trying to convince everybody
that President Obama was not really born in the United States.
He was really born in Africa, and therefore he can't be president.
Because the very idea of a president of the U.S. of African descent
just curdles their blood.
Which makes me...
I'd love to watch their blood curdle.
Let me put it that way.
I really enjoy watching the curdling of kook blood.
So what you should also know, friends,
is that we are here to condone any avenue of inquiry.
And no matter how occult or forbidden a topic may be,
you are hereby empowered by me to jump into that thing with all four feet.
There is no book, no recording,
that is going to cause you harm or cause you to harm anybody else.
We say read that book, listen to that song,
no matter what anybody tells you otherwise.
And if you do end up killing somebody because of some song,
please blame Bob.
We could use a publicity.
So, should you purchase that sinful item of indulgence
seen over there at our sales table?
Well, why not?
Go ahead.
Be bi-curious.
You already...
You already have all the money you're going to need for when you're dead,
and you're going to be dead a lot longer than you're going to be alive.
So consider it an investment in eternity, friends.
The occult and religion are endlessly fascinating.
I wouldn't be in this if it wasn't, obviously.
And there's no reason why you shouldn't adopt all of them for your own.
The more contradictory, the better.
The immaterial dialectic, Onan called it.
It's a war.
It really is a war.
On one side are the cool people.
On the other side are the cool people.
And it's the subgeniuses that are in the middle,
and we say enough of their cool war.
We are through being cool, and we're through being uncool.
We...
Praise Bob!
Don't hurt yourselves doing that, kids.
That's, you know, professionals.
We cast derision upon the coolostomy bags of the normals
and their designer parasites.
Being cool or uncool has nothing to do with being a subgenius.
What matters is having slack.
Now...
But then there's these built-in contradictions to the human condition,
or even...
the subgenius condition, for that matter.
For some reason, we were created to have this ever-reoccurring appetite.
And yet we only get to eat sporadically.
You know, we'd love to be eating all the time,
but you only get to every now and then.
We were created to take in nutrition.
Good, healthy nutrition.
And yet we enjoy the hell out of sugar-fried bacon loaf.
So the decade...
was stacked against us from the start, friends.
Therefore, go ahead and eat up while you can.
The food chains of the law have been broken.
Eat what thou wilt shall be the whole of the law.
And...
That goes for sex, too.
I thought they'd...
Yeah, I thought there'd be some of that hooting and hollering.
Friends, for the advanced subgenius,
there are yet even more exotic vistas to conquer.
Amazing new adventures for all of you.
Like getting a job.
Keeping it.
Then getting a better job.
Maybe even having health insurance!
You're free!
You are free!
I'm a holy man, I can say that.
You're free, you can now do anything you want,
and we will still accept your money.
You can be a...
Virgin!
And we'll still let you be a subgenius.
Friends...
Um...
And that's what this church is all about.
We've been pole vaulting the shark under the bus since 1953,
so we know what we're talking about.
You wanna know the really cool thing about Bob?
He automatically upgrades himself while you're sleeping.
How easy is that?
Tu-ra-lu-ra-lay...
You're right.
He's sounds like a completely different railroad.
A proper railroad sjc?
Beef, look at that.


and I sure as hell won't lose that.
Little HIV but I'll try my best.
AJZOver, he's late.






Telephone

ì

I think you need the subtitles.
ao
But like I say,
we have our own kooks within the Church of the Subgenius.
I've lost track of the number of people
who honestly think they are the person
that Bob Dobbs is based on.
By the same token,
I used to read a comic book
called The Fabulous Furry Freak Brothers
about pot-smoking hippies.
And somehow I met dozens of people in Texas
who all said that they were the person
that those pot-smoking hippies were based on.
I actually knew the artist who drew that,
and I knew the characters weren't based on anybody.
Bob Dobbs, I can tell you for a fact,
is based only on J.R. Bob Dobbs,
the person depicted in the clip art
shown in our many websites.
So, you know, I've pretty much given up
on trying to understand anybody else's beliefs.
The first friend of mine who had a sex change operation,
that was when I quit trying to understand.
And seriously, you know,
because for a while I did try to understand
and it got me nowhere.
So I just threw up my hands and said,
I shall have faith
that these people know what they're doing.
Hello to the Reverend Ivan Stang
and Ankara
and everyone from
the Church of the Subgenius.
Uh, bear with me and I shall send you some subgenius messages.
One, two, one, two, three, four.
We accepted, wanna fuck.
We accepted, wanna fuck.
Uber, gobble, Uber, gobble.
We accepted, we accepted.
We accepted, wanna fuck.
We accepted, wanna fuck.
Uber, gobble, Uber, gobble.
We accepted, we accepted, we came, we saw, we kicked it down.
I was testing you and you can ask.
Dental plan.
Lisa needs blood.
You'll be required to fart on a regular basis.
I'm gonna make him an offer, gentlemen.
He's a chattel to the eye of the sea.
RoboCop, who is he?
Federalize, you are coming with me.
In a hurry to defend,
we beat the eyes and people in the head.
I'm telling you, Doc, you gotta believe me.
I did everything I would leave you.
My beautiful chocolate candy is dandy.
Top of me is a nice candy.
You can count on slippery feet.
Suicide will be nice and neat.
I didn't build the Panama Canal.
Open the pod bay doors, please, Al.
These aren't the droids you're looking for.
These aren't the droids we're looking for.
I am not an empire.
I am a free man.
I am a free man.
To the idiot mobile.
Right away, Michael.
I will not be pushed, filed, stamped, indexed, leaked,
deeply or numbered.
We came, we saw, we kicked it down.
You don't understand, I could have had class.
Round and tasty, unpaid money.
Who's giving you what you've got?
Finally, can I stop those lines?
No, I've been there twice.
Then run.
What's the matter, Al?
Just rob us of all of his money.
We came, we saw, we kicked it down.
Brain checks your body, can't cash.
I was elected to lead.
I feel the need for me for a thing.
Watch out for snakes.
A good man's lover.
HQ, my hat looks like a muffin.
Over.
My God, it's full of snakes.
There was no driver in the car.
Sky, sky, sky, sky, sky, sky, sky, sky, sky, sky, sky, sky, sky, sky, sky, sky, sky, sky, sky, sky.
Right away, Michael.
OMG, I'm in hot pursuit!
There are only two things I love in this world.
Everybody and television.
I see you.
You must be shrooming.
Wait for me, Moomin.
Just like to meet the host of that show, Meat Boy.
I want to go to there.
We came, we saw, we kicked it down.
Wild typhoon.
Like a wolf, mustache.
I have a fever.
I just had a such.
I don't give a shit about food.
What is Meat Boy's fault?
Not any good.
Maybe we're going to need him maybe a potion.
What did you say?
I think she bought it.
Suck it, monkeys!
I'm going home!
Must be tour.
A drive.
The fight is alive.
So do your loss.
No on those.
Pick that up.



Those French fries, yum yum yum!
Bueller, Bueller, Bueller
It's two degrees cold
The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long
Six words to help us all
We accept no one of us
Bluebird Gobble, Bluebird Gobble
We accept it, we accept it
We accept no one of us
We accept no one of us
I am no one of us, I am your blue man
We gave you song, we kicked it down
Give me my twenty thousand in cash
We gave you song, we kicked it down
I think you woke up the dead with that flash
We gave you song, we kicked it down
Woah, this is not my batman axe
We gave you song, we kicked it down
We accept no one of us
We gave you song, we kicked it down
We accept no one of us
We gave you song, we kicked it down
We accept no one of us
We accept no one of us
Hello, America Land!
I bring you tidings from London.
Praise Bob. Praise Bob.
Still, there are only two and a half people in Trafalgar Square.
I think this is terrible. Where are all the drunks?
I was led to believe London was a council of sinners and idiots.
I didn't mean idiots. Don't come and kill me.
We won't kill you. We admire you.
That was Reverend Diva Schematic from her live TV appearance on a plinth in Trafalgar Square.
Reverend Diva is also the editor of that amazing song, which we just heard,
which is also a YouTube video, friends.
You really should check it out.
It's called Golden Age of Video by Ricardo Autobahn.
I strongly suggest you Google Golden Age of Video Ricardo Autobahn.
It's a great podcast.
It's on youtube.com.co.uk.
We also heard some ranting from Starwood 2009, and we'll hear more.
But first, back to podcast number 29, right where you are sitting now.
You said you'd selected some modern-day cults for us to talk about.
Obviously, we've talked about birthers.
Who else have you selected?
Well, there's apparently always has been and always will be groups of people who specialize in hazing,
hating certain other groups.
The number one targets being Masons, Catholics, and Jews.
Well, actually, that's three different targets there.
And there's still a few witch burners around, if only they could find any proper witches.
I know a lot of Wiccans, but they're not worth burning.
I mean, their magic powers do not make them powerful enough to be worth burning.
But I still...
I certainly have known a lot of people who thought that the Masons were funded by the devil,
and or the Catholics, and or the Jews.
These are all the same entity.
Masons, Catholics, Jews.
Oh, and Muslims, I guess.
In fact, I've been called...
There's quite a few people over the years who've called me a pagan, Masonic, Catholic, Jewish, Hindu, Satanist.
And a commie.
Now, the funny thing is, my next-door neighbor actually does, is all of those,
and, well, not a few, except for the Catholic part.
He's a Masonic, pagan, Jewish, Satanist.
And he's gay, to boot.
So, you know, among the subgeniuses, we can actually outdo the evil that is being imagined by the various hate kooks.
Hmm.
Yeah, so...
I'm not trying to put down hate.
Subgeniuses hate everything normal.
But, as I said, we...
Comes by our hatin' fair and square.
It's really...
It's really soul food that the number systems of your own mind,
you are made in the image of our Heavenly Father.
Yahweh is the Spirit.
And 33 is the most influential of all numbers.
We're going to deal again with part two, where we left off.
And we were talking about, if you will, the three double-digit numbers
that are rooted in the single-digit numbers record special emphasis and attention.
And these are 11, 22, and 33.
These are the master numbers because they possess more potential than any other numbers.
They are highly charged, difficult to handle, and require time.
They're maturity and great efforts to integrate into one's personality.
So, if you're trying to grow up as a calf in a stall,
33 is the most influential of all the numbers.
11 is the most intuitive, and 22 is the most powerful.
There are 22 words in the Hebrew language,
and that's not by...
By chance, ladies and gentlemen.
That was designed by our Heavenly Father.
And the master numbers, again, like the master numbers 11, 22, and 33,
represent a triangle.
And another way to look at it would be a triangle of enlightenment.
So, we hope and trust that we can give you the core numbers of the master numbers,
which is, indeed, the numbers of 11 and the numbers, if you will, of 22 and 20...
Or 33.
11, 22, and 33.
Hello.
It's me, Bernard.
I am a card...
Well, I lost my card in 2002.
But I am a registered...
I am a registered U.S. member.
I just want to say that these Federalists here in the United States are going to get
what's coming to them real soon.
These so-called Americans are going to get what's coming to them real soon for being
the ringleader of the vast global conspiracy.
These UFOs that have been appearing since 2006, they know what's going on.
And even other alien beings out in this world, they know what's going on.
They know what the United States is.
And anyone who's friendly with the United States is going to get what's coming to them.
But the future is grim, my friends.
If you want to imagine...
If you want to know what the future is, imagine a pipe smoking in a human face forever!
That's a quote from famous literature.
I wouldn't expect you subgeniuses to pick up on that.
Which brings me to the subject of crime.
I'm sorry.
Cooks and Bobbies.
Well, now, we're all kooks, and I was the first Bobby.
But did you ever wonder if you...
I mean, you know, when you're late at night, alone, did you ever wonder if maybe you were
really a braying jackass?
Well, you can quit wondering about that, friends.
I sure did.
Because one man's kook, as Reverend Richard Scull said recently, one man's kook is a
man's presidential candidate, is another man's gay lover, is another man's clip art-based
deity!
Praise Bob!
And one thing that we've learned from the kooks, and believe me, the Church of the Subgenius,
I mean, obviously, it attracts kooks.
But then there's, you know, it takes all kinds, but then there's the kind it doesn't take.
And we get a lot of those.
And one thing we've learned from that kind of kook is that everything, everywhere proves
that everything everywhere is a satanic, pagan, Masonic, Jewish, homosexual, Mexican negro.
That's what I've learned from the kooks.
Everything proves that.
I have been called all of those things at once!
Have there ever been any anti-subgenius groups?
In the past, other than the legal wranglings recently?
Not nearly enough.
In fact, we've had to organize our own fake hate groups.
That happened in London recently.
When we were having our main X-Day gathering in the States, there was simultaneously one
on July 5th at a club in London.
It was indoors.
I think they may even have lost money on it.
But they did promote the thing quite a bit.
And there's a video you can see of the British group, or the London area group, in Hyde Park.
And half of them are dressed in funny spacesuits holding Bob signs.
The other half are pretending to be vicious Bob haters.
Because it's hard to believe.

The other half are trying to get anybody to take us seriously enough to hate us properly.
In an organized fashion.
There are plenty of people who hate the Church's subgenius, but it's for all the wrong reasons.
It's because they think we're connected with the Masons and the Devil and so forth.
We might be, but that's not the best reason.
The main reason to hate us is because we want to see most of humanity destroyed.
Is that funny?
That's too much to ask, and I don't blame them for it.
If they really knew, if these meanly-mouthed, love-burger, New Age hippies and Christians knew what was in our heads,
they would kill us, one and all, before we kill them.
But we are subgeniuses, and we do believe in slack.
And that means we're waiting for the aliens to come and do all our killing for us.
Yeah.
So...
We actually do not recommend that subgeniuses kill anybody at all.
No.
It's...
Because you never know.
The person you're killing might be a subgenius you happen to not like.
So we insist that you wait and let Bob and the aliens from Planet X handle all of that.
Yeah, yeah.
All the kook-bashing.
We'll let our alien friends handle that.
So, how about we go back to the beginning?




I'm going to go back to the beginning.
Okay.
Here we go.




We should get to see the way you really are for a while.
Punching up or punching down, either way you're just looking for that willing clown.
It's just a nest to hide your stash, take off your clothes and hoax down that rast.
The facts you spin, the conclusions you reach, are they true or are you on a leash?
This is the farthest you can go.



That's a scam.
Your downfall comes to lizard by your own hand.
The flickering chives at whose expense?
Your hopes are pinned on convoluted common sense.
The air is foul, what do you mean?
The play revolves around props you haven't seen.
The taste is sweet, so you swear it's good.
You justify it just the way the rest of us would.
The ticking bomb won't go off yet.
There'll be nothing to collect when you win your bet.
Go on, Bob.

Go now, lick the boots of strife.
And come back and tell me what you've learned about life.
You don't know.
You don't care.
You only care about the hairspray in your hair.
Whatever you do, whatever you say, your only purpose is to ruin my day.
Yeah, but there's one time I gotcha heavy.
Just dumplings?
Yeah, maybe dust snowball effect.
Uh ah.







A stroke victim, for example, will describe in detail a conference he attended over the weekend
when in fact he has not left the hospital.
Even so-called normal people sometimes have a tendency to confabulate rather than admitting,
I don't know.
Some people will make up an answer or an explanation and express it with complete conviction,
believing it themselves as they make it up.
Bob Dobbs, he's no slob, Bob Dobbs, he's no fool,
he's the head of that subgenius church, which means he's super cool.
Is this a religious thing, that's it, Bob?
Yeah, it's some mindless acolyte of Bob.
Oh, Bob's been good to me, so I...
I say thank you, Bob, for giving me the tee-hee-hee that helps me fight the conspiracy.
Oh, Bob's been good to me.
Goodness gracious, what a lot of Bob Bob bobbing.
He's Bob Bob bobbing along.
He's speaking and removing all doubt.
Yes, he's speaking and removing all doubt.
And that is the way it is done, ladies and gents.
Fine.
This is Bob One, reminding you that you can buy A1 slacks at a store near you.
More slacks?
Depending on where you live.
Welcome, Bob One.
Thank you, Bob.
You're welcome, Dad.
You know, somebody who called himself Bob Dobbs wanted to be my Facebook buddy.
Yeah, he wanted to be mine, and I wouldn't let him.
I wouldn't let him either.
I actually ignored him.
Me too, I ignored him.
How funny, we all ignored him.
Well, because he...
If you're listening, Bob Dobbs, what does this mean?
It means that you forgot something very important.
And I'm not going to tell you what it is, but you need, when you make such an approach, to include what you did not.
So, better luck next time, Bob Dobbs.
Yeah.
There's a difference between feeling pain and being in pain.
There's a difference between feeling Bob and being Bob.
Yeah.
Bob.
The complete disassociation of the sensory dimension of pain from its affective, cognitive, and behavioral compounds.
There you go.
And it's up.
Is it the disassociation of pain's affective components from its sensory discriminative compounds?
Well, we can learn a lot from them.
I looked at all the people that I've chosen.
Bob Dobbs.
Crossing the painful threshold.
And feeling the piercing, ranting pain of a mutual, multi-dotted face of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
I decided this is, but I don't like them.
Don't like whom, my boy?
Oh.
Everyone.
I mean, no one.
Every dot in Bob's face?
Every dot in Bob's face.
For that is what everyone is.
Because I am equally.
Your fellow humans are dots in Bob's face.
In my comments.
And dots incredible, ladies and gentlemen.
Dots.
Dots are the way it is.
Dots are truly fantastic.
That's truly fantastic.
I was just editing all that.
And here's a funny thought.
Okay.
Beep.
And it's 9-11.
The past has been called.
2001.
The moment doomed.
The troubadour in trouble.
The disciple of today.
451.
Bobby.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
It's that big bulbous Bob again.
Bob.
Bob.
The bulging and barging into our show.
All real Americans.
Yeah.
Love.
Bob.
The sting of Bob Dobbs.
Natural fluid.
The sting of Bob Dobbs.
Bob.
Bob.

Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.


Bob.
From PR News in Washington, I'm triggered by a 7.6 heart cancer.
A Russian cosmonaut.
A various cancer.
Very powerful U.S. astronaut and wealthy tourist from Canada are violently shaken in the rubble.
Communication has been cut off with PR News.
The White House calls this a menace to society.
On Wall Street, 6-7-7-12.
This is PR News.
The Obama is lightning.
The money will come from the multi-billion dollar PR News program.
This represents history.
He paid $30 and is trying to publicize the problem of PR News.
So before we let you go, are there any other last cults you want to bring up?
How about marijuana worshippers?
I've run into a lot of people who believe that drugs are the answer.
Some of them, marijuana is all they need.
The other ones, it's mushrooms or LSD or DMT.
They can be real snobs.
I've noticed.
The wine drinkers look down on the beer drinkers.
The pot smokers look down on the wine drinkers.
And the coffee drinkers hate them all.
I am a coffee drinker.
Yeah, me too.
Among other things.
But the coffee is the only one that they cannot.
They'll take my coffee away when they pry it out of my cold, dead face.
Do you find yourself crying at funerals?
Do you ever feel clumsy when you're in an awkward situation?
When you laugh, do you often find yourself gasping for breath?
If so, ask your doctor when he can start putting you on more normalin.
It's designed to allow you to enjoy the illusion of being the person you always thought you wanted to be,
but may not have been sure of.
If you ever thought you could be more normal,
more normalin may or may not be.
Side effects may include, but are not limited to,
simultaneous bleeding from the ear, nose, throat, and rectum,
bloody diarrhea and urination, frozen fingers, partial or full paralysis, diphtheria, gout,
morbid dental plaque, painful micturation, sudden inexplicable vomiting, tongue fur,
enlarged nostrils, and a slight possibility of detached limbs.
More normalin.
It can help you be more normal.
Use only as directed.
Check out my YouTube account, youtube.com slash revstang,
and you will find all the treasures in my favorites list.
And here's one, a cover of Negative Land's early song,
The Playboy Channel, performed by the 180 G's.
When all of a sudden
Wham!
The horrible noise comes in
And completely destroys your orgasm
On the Playboy Channel
There it goes again
That awful interference
Wrecking
Your orgasm
On the Playboy Channel
Yeah!
You've called the cable TV company six times
Each time the technician comes out
He can fix the problem
He is fine
When
Hello
That's a
More appropiate
Than you are
When you put the cable ...
Turn the TV off
That sound
Is more appropiate
Than your entire life
And it
Will stop you
Stop you
Stop you
From having
That
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Hey, this is Bob from IINet.
Bob makes getting naked DSL in your home even easier.
Plug him in, Bob will get you naked in no time.
Won't you, Bob?
Fast broadband, all your local and national phone calls,
and no phone line rental.
Hallelujah.
Hallelujah.
So come on, you, Bob, naked, together.
This feels so right.
But not in the money.
But not in the money.
Hello, this is me, Bernard.
I just want to say, and I just want to declare,
that I believe that me, Bernard, I'm the last Bob.
I believe that I'm the last Bob,
because no one will step out and stick their necks out
who calls themselves subgeniuses against the establishment
and against the powers that...
I believe I'm the last Bob.
I believe that I'm a nexus.
Everything that I do, everything, you know, every move I make,
you know, I've observed that the conspiracy, you know,
you know, there's some kind of reaction, you know,
when a move I make, I believe I'm the last Bob.
Quite a few people walk up to me today and go,
Reverend Stang.
I...
Did you know that Bob spelled backwards still says Bob?
You've got me mixed up with J.R. Bob Dobbs.
I'm just, you know, I'm the clerk.
I'm the mail clerk, essentially.
He's a mail clerk?
I do the...
Whoa, you're a mail.
I do get to deposit the checks.
Like I said...
We're the funny weirdos making fun of the bad weirdos.
So, do you have any...
I know you must be exhausted from receiving the most recent holy text from Bob,
but do you have any more...
Do you think Bob will send you any more holy...
Writings?
It happens constantly.
Bob speaks through many people,
and every year I assemble a new sermon for all purposes
out of whatever the new statements are from Bob
that people have discovered or channeled or whatnot.
I suppose in some cases they could be lying
and they just came up with it themselves and said Bob said it.
I don't know.
There are certain types of lines, you know,
that just sound like something Bob would say.
Like, too much is always better than not enough.
Yeah, yeah.
That's one of my favorite mottos.
It's a lie, but it sounds great.
Pull the wool over your own eyes.
You'll still be blind, but at least your head will be warm.
We often leave out the second half,
the disclaimer part of those slogans.
We also sell...
We sell the kind of gimcrack and gee-gaw that a fan club would.
You get a bumper, stickers, T-shirts, all that kind of stuff.
It's enough that it keeps me from having to have a real job.
I haven't had a real job for anybody else in like 15 years now.
Yeah, that's pretty good going.
Yeah, I'm not exactly getting rich.
Bob Dobbs is the one who gets rich off of this, not me.
But I can sit here chattering away to you guys.
You're a millionaire in terms of slack, aren't you?
Pardon me?
In terms of slack, you're a millionaire.
That's exactly... Yeah.
Well, that was not always true.
There were years when I preached slack,
but had no slack at all myself, or very little,
because I was trying to raise a family,
work two jobs at once,
and the Church of the Subgenius.
I mean, it was...
I led a slackless life,
so I know how valuable slack is.
And now I actually do have what I would...
I mean, it only is getting better at this point.
So I can tell your listeners
that although most everything you hear everywhere,
including the Church of the Subgenius' hogwash,
slack is real.
It is real.
You can achieve slack,
but only you know what your own slack is going to be.
In my case, it happened to be my marriage
to the beautiful Princess We Are Doe,
queen of all the UFOs.
And I'm expecting home from her real job any minute now.
But it's not just because she has a job
that she gives me slack.
In fact, she's going to be retiring in December,
and we'll both be able to travel a whole lot more.
And I'm hoping to spend more time overseas
and maybe meet y'all.
Yeah, yeah.
You have to come back to the UK again.
Yeah.
I mean, I'm sure we will.
It's getting to be...
Nowadays, it's...
It costs about as much for me to fly to London
as it would cost for me to go to California.
Yeah, it's ridiculous, isn't it?
I'm actually possibly a little closer to London.
But I still have trouble with the language, obviously.
Yeah, well, you know,
it takes a while to learn the English.
But yeah, thanks a lot for coming on again.
We'll definitely have to have you back on as soon as possible.
Praise Bob.
Praise Kim.
Praise Ken.
Praise you, Reverend Stang.
Yeah, praise you.
Thanks to Ken and Ken of right where you are sitting now.
And you can get more of that from sittingnow.co.uk.
Also, thanks to Bernard for the calls.
Thanks to The Large and Lemur and Signal to Noise for the collages.
This is Hour of Slack from the Church of the Subgenius.
For more information about the Church of the Subgenius,
definitely check out subgenius.com.
And the background music here is Witch Disco,
recorded live at Starwood.
Witch Disco, which is everybody from ESO,
except for the late Chaz Smith.
Hey, praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.







How can we live with this threat?
Our best life insurance may be summed up in four words.
The Hour of Slack.
This will take some doing on your part.
It will take slack to survive.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
The greatest salesman who ever lived.
And remember, X-Day is coming again.
Check out subgenius.com.
I must now check my messages.
I wish I'd bought a prop.
And we know that there are blood cults around the Earth today,
and we have thousands and thousands of Aryan children
that disappear in these blood cult rituals every year.
There is innumerable numbers of these children, and adults also,
that they're using in these ritualistic cults
where they literally sexually pervert them and sodomize them
and other things that we could mention,
and it's almost too barbaric and too embarrassing to talk about.
But however, we bear record that the Book of Psalms said they ate,
the dead, and drank their blood.
David realized that.
It was these ancient descendants of Cain.
Cain has got a bloodline that goes back to him himself,
who was cannibalizing the body of Abel,
drinking his blood.
And when he returned back to Yahweh,
he sought favor.
He said, now what do you think about me?
Have I got the right blood now?
And he would literally drink the blood,
of Abel's body,
and reappeared to Yahweh.
And the first thing Yahweh asked him, he said,
where's your brother?
Suggestion in recent years has been proved to be a powerful factor
in the guidance of human beings and the development of character,
personality, and behavior.
The fact I am human was my explanation.
diapta
I don't really get any things from a young boy,
he doesn't see Kumhoer.
I want to touch the bear on the cheek
Oh bear, oh bear
I want to touch you
I want to make you mine
I want to touch you
Be my
I want to touch the bear
Bear
Bear Parsham
Say the chain
Bear, Parsham say the chain
I, oh Parsham say to touch
Bear, Oh Bearshe said the chain
Oh Bear Parsham Say the chain
All of these suggestions will have become deeply implanted in your mind
so that your way of living will be according to these suggestions I have given you.
You're on a train by Fishpond Johnson.
And you can get more from myspace.com slash Fishpond Johnson.
566-PriceBob.
Fishneralistic.
Fishneralistic.
Fishneralistic.
It's a large ship.
Everyone knows what a buffalo is.
It's a large ship.
Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you very much, everybody.
Thank you!
The preceding program has been a paid advertisement
for Fishneralistic.
For signal noise.
And transmission.
