🎵
🎵 God rest ye weary citizens, but nothing ye dismay 🎵
🎵 For Christ was not our Savior, nor born on Christmas Day 🎵
🎵 To save us all from atom bombs when we have gone astray 🎵
🎵 Oh, tidings of trembling and fear, trembling and fear 🎵
🎵 Oh, tidings of trembling and fear 🎵
🎵 God love ye weary citizens, for it is such a shame 🎵
🎵 To think of cruel injustices all done in Jesus' name 🎵
🎵 Remember when you go to church, believers are to blame 🎵
🎵 Oh, tidings of trembling and fear, trembling and fear 🎵
🎵 Oh, tidings of trembling and fear 🎵
🎵 God help ye weary citizens, you've all been taken in 🎵
🎵 By priesthoods waxing rich and fat upon your fear of sin 🎵
🎵 Though you may knock at heaven's door, they will not let you in 🎵
🎵 Oh, tidings of trembling and fear, trembling and fear 🎵
🎵 Oh, tidings of trembling and fear 🎵
🎵 God save ye weary citizens, for this will make you sick 🎵
🎵 That Christ was just another man 🎵
🎵 A Jew they nailed upon a stick 🎵
🎵 He couldn't save himself, you know religion is a trick 🎵
🎵 Oh, tidings of trembling and fear, trembling and fear 🎵
🎵 Oh, tidings of trembling and fear 🎵
🎵
🎵
🎵









🎵
🎵
🎵
🎵
🎵
neo-pagan reformed choir of Miskatonic University.
This is of course the Alec brand.
It's going to be an official Christmas show,
and we know that he, but we can't find a copy of it
for the Christmas tape, which to cause subgeniuses.
I've noticed that the rival want, they say,
well non-Christians shouldn't say, even say Merry Christmas,
they shouldn't celebrate it because it's a Christian holiday.
Like the ancient Egyptians floated on the current of their belief,
for they thought they would never die,
but be reborn as gargling sarcophagi,
horrible mummies to march across the earth and wreak and spew vengeance.
Give me the pyroflagellator.
All of the little tiny dead deities march down the side of the subgenius church.
See, within the great pyramid, the secret chamber of the subgenius.
My God.
What light and steam come from the special effects department
located below the pyramid?
I don't know.
Here, inside the heart of the mighty structure,
puzzling evidence broadcasts from the inner chamber of the great pyramid.
Yeah, I'll teach you all how to talk on the radio.
Come on down.
Yes, these giant pyramids are actually radio stations of a primitive nature,
which broadcast by the strange...
I'll play rock and roll until everybody falls apart.
I'll copy that old Procter and Berger movie.
Then they would show the strange films to the walls of the...
Come on, let's watch it, G-man.
Chris Vaughn.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
This is Li Liqi, a Chinese subgenius.
And you are listening to the Hour of Slack on KNON in Dallas, Texas.
Remember, Bob and the comrades of all people.
Here in China, just like in America,
the people need slack.
In Chinese, we call slack .
But it must be true slack,
not the best slack.
The slack of the conspiracy.
Chris Vaughn, help me somebody.
One, two, Santa's coming for you.
Three, four, you better lock your door.
Five, six, grab a crucifix.
Six, seven, eight, better stay out late.
Nine, ten, Santa's coming again.
Daddy, when's Santa be showing with his big red sack?
.

Way up north where the cold wind blows.
There's a little old man that you all know.
He's been busting his nuts the whole damn year.
Stamping on tools, riding his gear.
Come, Prancer, open it, say, oh, what a great book.
It's that time of year, guess I've got all the luck.
You, Mrs. Claus, are you ready at last?
Your coal is ready.
I'm bumped up with gas.
Christmas time is my time of year.
It's your sweet boy's cooking, let's get into gear.
Say his red sack is packed and he's ready to roll.
You're the love damn women from their heads to their toes.
Time to pack up the sled.
Make that be trip.
No time to complain.
Don't you give me no lift.
Dear, count on me.
It's Christmas time.
Deliver my loan if I don't, it's a crime.
Through the curtain on the sky, I'm flying my sled.
Don't need no radar, I'm using my head.
To direct my nose to your chiseled plum.
I tickle your fancy till the morning comes.
Christmas time is my time of year.
It's your sweet boy's cooking, let's get into gear.
Say his red sack is packed and he's ready to roll.
You're the love damn women from their heads to their toes.
Well, I come down and cheer me just once a year.
With my big red sack and belly full of beer.
I'm gonna bring all the women lots of Christmas cheer.
Roll it in.
Ready, set, hit the cheer.
Yeah!
This is the story of old Saint Nick.
With his big red sack and his candy stick.
Flying back home with his beard so white.
He's licking that boom tang all Christmas night.
Oh, it's Christmas time, it's my time of year.
It's your sweet boy's cooking, let's get into gear.
Say his red sack is packed and he's ready to roll.
You're the love damn women from their heads to their toes.
Oh, it's Christmas time, it's my time of year.
It's your sweet boy's cooking, let's get into gear.
It's the best game.
It's Christmas time, it's my time of year.

It's Christmas time, it's a Christmas game.

What will the Christmas game look like?
Candles are lit, donc dals tes viandes,
dous tes viandes.
Yeah!
Blorop regal j'ai eu un souci.
Une terita ce n'est incroyable,
mother clairement peut dégoisé.
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo




Well, when I go to bed
Every Christmas Eve I pray
To Santa Claus for the same old thing
I wake up in the morning
I see my wife under the Christmas tree
She's the best-looking present in the whole wide world
Who's that, Jack?
My wife
With a bow around her belly and a beautiful smile
She's a bee's knees brother, I think I'd stay awhile
She's the finest woman that you'll ever meet
And a stocking stuffer that can't be beat
She's the best-looking present in the whole wide world
Who's that, Jack?
My wife
Can't believe
guitar solo
guitar solo

guitar solo
Now, are we, is Christmas, I'm a little confused about what Christmas is all about.
Are we celebrating the birth of Santa Claus or his death when they nailed him?
Well, that's the ancient, ancient subgenie, but the present subgenie
tried to make sure that we have our inventories cleared by now
and sell everything to the pigs.
Oh, yes, once a pagan holiday and now a shopping season.
And it was something else in between there, but before it was, after it was a pagan holiday
and before it was a shopping season, it was something else, but
I think they started a war over it.
Yeah, yeah. Well, friends, we've got our own special Christmas carol that we're gonna play
that we're inventing as we go right now.
X is missed.
From the town.
Snap!
Sound system!
Sound system!
Sound system!
Sound system!

Sound system!
Sound system!
It's HeBob.
Hey, kids, you can help the mighty subgenius Vice overthrow the evil normals
with new Bob Dobbs action figure with rocket pipes.
What I wouldn't do.
From Bob Cob-
Get new more chocolatey pebbles from my new now!
Buy my chocolate space cadet.
Life support system down to zero cocoa.
Feeling spacey?
Have some of my new cocoa pebbles.
Now so chocolatey.
Smells cocoa-licious.
Well, friends, what do you think?
Is it the nativity of Santa Claus that we're trying to celebrate here?
Or is it the horrible death of the Santa Bob, the Santai Bob,
as he's been referred to in some early pre-scriptures?
We're each so separate, we're each so separate, we're each so separate, we're each so separate, we're each so separate.
New.
R2-D2, we wish you a Merry Christmas.
R2-D2, we love you, it's true.
R2-D2, we love you, it's true.
R2-D2, we love you, it's true.
R2-D2, we wish you a Merry Christmas.
We hope our little message gets to you.
We look up at the winter star.
We know that's where you are.
Our chimney's big and round, so you can come right down.
And if our wish comes true, we'll spend Christmas Eve with you.
Our hearts will sing with glee as we decorate the Christmas tree.
R2-D2, we wish you a Merry Christmas.
R2-D2, we love you, it's true.
R2-D2, we wish you a Merry Christmas.
We hope our little message gets to you.
And if the snow becomes too deep, just give a little beep.
We'll go in by the fire and warm your little wine.
Spreading Christmas cheer.
We'll be easy with you here.
We'll dance and sing and play.
From Christmas Eve till Christmas Day.
R2-D2, we love you, it's true.
R2-D2, we wish you a Merry Christmas.
R2-D2, we wish you a Merry Christmas.
We hope our little message gets to you.
We love you, R2.
R2-D2, we love you, it's true.
We hope our little message gets to you.
The presents are for you.
Merry Christmas, R2.
Joseph, Joseph, you from Tonka.
Now you are in my evil clutches, Bob.
I'll use this MTV bombardment to turn you normal.
Shut up, pink boy!
No way, I'll never sell out to the conspiracy.
Taste a little of my rocket pipe, alien fool.
Bob Dobbs comes with rockets, pipe, head launcher,
Janeer device, all I got is a fighting Jesus
and other action figures sold separately.
Some assembly required, batteries not included.
This toy falls apart in three days.
He-Bob!
...and the bastards of the universe.
Too much is always better than not enough.
...from Bob Dobbs.
...and I came down so separately.
Gorgeous.
We girls can blow from head to toe.
Light Barbie.
...bron Stoner.
What do you see here?
Ken Dolls sold separately.
He-Man, He-Man.
Now to test my thunder punch.
You hear it here, but you feel it there.
Skeletor figure, Castle Grayskull and Thunder Punch He-Man figure each sold separately.
You put the castle together.
With He-Man over there, Grayskull will be mine.
Like I said, bone face.
You hear the thunder here, but I feel the punch here.
Thunder Punch He-Man, new from the Masters of the Universe collection.
Skeletor and Castle Grayskull.
They sell each sold separately.
Too much is always better than not.
...and wrestling.
...will return.
He-Bob and the bastards of the universe will be back after this message.
...of Santa Claus.
Here's Robot, a robot you can program to perform eight different functions.
Upsy Baby.
Upsy Baby, the doll that stands up.
She's new, from Kenner.
Where illusion is the ultimate weapon.
We must buy our toys.
We have devised a marketing scheme for children.
So fun times!
Children's toys.
They won't talk until they need things.
They will powerful resist us.
They will progress against us.
I think kiddos like this stuff.
Doesn't suggestion count?
You have got open arms.
You can't slide up.
No.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
No, don't play the tape.
Not that show.
August 21st, 1973.
No, well, close.
You mean you aren't going to church again today?
Baby, don't bother me.
That was what I was saying.
You know this is the only day off.
Y'all don't have to live in church to be saved.
That was my 20th birthday.
If you aren't careful, you're going to miss out with the Lord.
It's my wife.
I told her my name was Daniel.
Come on, Kim.
Oh, no.
No, that was when she left with Kim.
Well, my son, you heard the word.
I think we're all going to miss out on the Lord.
You were warned.
Were you so foolish that you think you could outwit the law of God?
No, we actually are not.
You have returned and have been saved as a bar.
See, friends, here's the thing.
When they told us...
Sorry.
So this song's always four.
I killed Rudolph and I'm glad that I did.
I shot him in the brain when he was playing reindeer games.
I killed Rudolph and you know I'm glad that you did.
Now I can go down to Burger King.
I can say that I killed demon courts.
Get him on a plate with a little bit of horse.
Then I get water.
As they grab the window, I'll pull out my car and I'll say to the lady.
Uh, Rudolph for all the no's.
I'm glad I just shot him in the brain when he was playing reindeer games.
I killed Rudolph and you know I'm glad that you did.
Now I can have him when I go to Burger King.
I got two items, drum and chime only.
Now he's gone and he's got a heffaloni.
I killed Rudolph.
I'm glad that I did.
I killed Rudolph.
Get him on a big mac.
aaaaaaaaaaacckkkk
Uh, right after we're over those.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
It's Christmas time
and there's no need
to be afraid.
At Christmas
time, we
let in light and we
banish shame.
But in our world
of plenty,
we can spread a
smile of joy.
Throw your arms around
the world at Christmas
time.
But
say a prayer
to pray
for the other ones.
At Christmas
time, it's
hard, but when you're
having fun,
there's a world
outside your window
and it's a world
of dread and fear
where the only
water flowing
is the bitter stain
of tear.
And the Christmas bells
that ring there
are the clanging chimes
of doom.
Well, tonight, thank God,
it's them instead of
you.
And there won't
be snow in Africa
this Christmas
time.
The greatest gift
they'll get this year
is life.
Oh,
oh, oh.
Well, nothing
ever grows.
No rain or rivers
flow.
Do they know
it's Christmas time
at all?
Here's to you.
Raise your glass
for everyone.
Here's to them underneath
that burning sun.
Do they know it's Christmas
time at all?
The light shines



Their
Christ in
Israel Hell.
And what a
bleak

way.
It's really
Be the world. Let them know it's Christmas time.
See, friends, here's the thing.
When they told us that we were damned and we're going to go to hell,
you know, what else could we do but start a church?
Uh, yes.
But the glory and the splendor that could have...
Switch over to some, uh...
What have we got here on turntable one, I think?
Throughout the ceaseless ages of eternity is an awful price to pay.
It is an awful price to pay.
Mom, Buck's calling you.
And we do...
We're going to seriously address this issue,
but in the meantime, we have the problem of who is the Santa Bob?
Were there any readings here on the Santa?
Santa Bob?
Didn't you have I'm-a-Bob on the show last week?
No, that was the show before, and we had to pay...
Yeah, that's right.
That's right, we did have the I'm-a-Bob on the show last week.
It's a...
It's a Bob and a Euro Bob.
Santa Bob and Maria.
But, you know, we ought to talk a little bit about where-bobs and I'm-a-bobs tonight, Reverend Stang.
I can sense a little bit of that coming on Red Reverend Stang.
The where-bobs and I'm-a...
Those who have the psychosis that convinces them that they are the Santa Bob.
Santa Bob.
Santa Bob.







Or that they're Santa Bob by night.
And they go shuffling through the snow on their nameless, hideous errands,
the grin of Bob and the beard of Santa Claus and the pipe of the Lord stuck on their face.
And they stop using the locks of their doors, and they just kind of float in through the keyhole.
Oh, friends, it's tough.
And, you know, just going to church ain't enough.
You gotta send your money to the Santa Bob.
As a matter of fact...
The people across the street from me told their kids that Santa Claus bills them for the toys he brings.
Can you believe that?
The kids were asking if their parents...
Maybe Santa Claus will bring us two He-Man erector sets.
And the mom said, no, no, he won't because he bills us.
We can't afford that.
Santa Claus sends us a bill after Christmas.
Yeah, but at least he totes the note.
Yeah.
What kind of a Christmas season...
The reason is this, where Santa Claus is starting to bill...
And the delivery, can you imagine the delivery costs of bringing that stuff up from the North Pole?
That's going to be added on, too, friends.
Even the Gimme Bob sort of pale into comparison with that.
Yeah.
Oh, friend, Sam is on a diet.
And they, uh, and this person, you know, I knew there was something that they weren't saying.
And finally, he goes, well, I just hope that...
It was something like, I just hope that, you know,
I just hope that, you know, I just hope that, you know,

I just hope that, you know, I just hope that, you know,
Let's go to the yaşpang.
or something like that.
He just hung up.
He hung up.
That was the key point,
is that he didn't want to hear what I had to say back about that,
because, you know, see, a subgenius has so much faith
that he not only can accept somebody making fun of Bob,
stomping on a picture of Bob,
he'll do it himself.
He has so much trust and faith in Bob.
Bob is such a good friend that he can insult Bob.
Now, we subgeni, I hate to get on my soapbox in the middle of a bunch of entertainers,
tapes but we sub-geni may be bad but our way of bad is holy is holy compared to
the evil of so not all at all by any means but so many American fundamentalist
charismatic day evangelicals etc in general of course they and their
corresponding types in Iran Russia Libya South Africa etc if you ask me are
actually the ace up the devil's sleeve wolves and sheeps clothing friends just
like Jesus warned about by we're Jesus and Bob like we say our old drinking
buddies got nothing against Jesus it's just his fan club and now we aren't
saying that Bob is the ace up God's sleeve he's more like the smear on God's
handkerchief just like you were me but the uptight rival cults they don't think
God has a handkerchief oh no because God's perfect he doesn't even sneeze
we're made in his image except that we have all these nasty parts attached
to us we're made in his image except that we have all these nasty parts attached
to us we have to go in the secret room bathroom do awful things but God he's
clean and pure according to them oh and he's male but he doesn't excrete juices
and sweat and smelly stuff out of him like we do cuz we sin oh yeah we all
sin we're bad we're worthless we're no good to God unless we sign a contract
with his agent well friend Jesus himself he spouted just about as many great
punchlines as Bob probably not as many as Bob's punchlines but he's a good
punchlines as Bob probably not as many as Bob's punchlines but he's a good
luck has it but literally it's horrible inside his body it's scary I do that
sweet up but uh but when the father of God He makes the she picture of myself



new
boy
That, in fact, was probably his main point, now lost in antiquity,
that you were the son or daughter of God just as much as Jesus was.
Or Bob, see?
But that's too humanistic for the conspiracy Christians,
so they wiped out the subgenius Gnostic Christians.
Anyway, I'm going to get off my soapbox.
We'll get into the hideous theological discussions
coming up next week as we attack the Bobbies.
I interrupt this program for a special promotional announcement.
We turn.
Hey, Bob and the bastards of the universe will be back after this message.
One of the greatest moments of my life!
To introduce the world's greatest,
the world heavyweight champion,
Humphumer, Rudy Ray Ma!
Right on, right on, right on, right on.
Right on, right on.
I am yours truly, Rudy Ray Ma,
bold and still beauty.
Baby, I want to talk to you for this Christmas,
because Christmas holds a lot of memories for me.
Baby, I've had a lot of hard times at Christmas time.
I can remember me and my brother when I was about six years old.
We hung our stockings up over the mantelpiece,
and the health department made us take them down.
Baby, me and my brother wore tennis shoes so long.
Let me tell you how long we wore them.
We wore tennis shoes Indian summer, Easter, Thanksgiving,
Halloween day, New Year's, and Christmas.
Baby, we wore our tennis shoes so long
till we wore them out up to the name on the ankle.
When we got ready to lay down,
we didn't take them down.
We didn't take them off.
All we had to do was fold them back, baby.
I remember my father well, you know.
My father used to wake up every morning with a headache.
He used to have, you know how tall he did?
He used to put a stocking cap on his head
and put a knot right in front of it.
Daddy would wake up with that thumping headache,
and he said, the kids are saying my head's hurting so bad.
He said, I don't know what Santa's gonna get y'all for Christmas,
but he gonna bring you something.
Daddy took that stocking cap off, and he said,
$ outside of vegetable где Ş Certainly would've been for Christmas.

it said, you know what?
He marked my head with a dough open and went outside and shot up there,
and come back inside and told us the biggest lie I ever heard.
Said, kid, Santa just committed suicide.
OFFICER FOR Terraorro Police Officer

Your rampant memory
He was a school boy.
And I'd shot up in the air, and come back inside, and told us the biggest lie I ever heard.
On the second day of Christmas, might you look into me
Two hundred reds and a tab of yellow sunshine LSD
On the third day of Christmas, might you look into me
Three pounds of grass, two hundred reds and a tab of yellow sunshine LSD
On the fourth day of Christmas, might you look into me
Four grams of hash, three pounds of grass, two hundred reds and a tab of yellow sunshine LSD
On the fifth day of Christmas, might you look into me
Five valiums
Four grams of hash, three pounds of grass, two hundred reds and a tab of yellow sunshine LSD
On the sixth day of Christmas, might you look into me
Six joints of smoke and five valiums
Four grams of hash, three pounds of grass, two hundred reds and a tab of yellow sunshine LSD
On the seventh day of Christmas, might you look into me
Well, yes, Ivan, thanks for coming out to Dobstown here, and I wanted to show you the St. Jesus Nursery.
Oh, look at these little scamps.
And...
To think these used to be slackless children.
What did you kids say?
Great mom!
Oh, yes.
That's so darling.
Does that warm my Bobland or what?
Yeah, hey, would you like to use one of these kids?
Yeah, yeah.
Warm it up a little more?
They're available.
Yeah.
A discount for...
Our subscribers, our church family subscribers can adopt one of these little scamps for a mere, oh, couple thousand on top of your usual annual fee.
That's right.
Put them to work.
Take them home, put them to work.
They've been trained, and they'll do all sorts of tricks.
They've been trained to slack off.
Just try to get work out of some of these little guys.
Ha, ha, ha.
To Bob!
Merry Christmas!
On the twelfth day of Christmas, might you look into me
Twelve kids are dripping, eleven magic mushrooms
Ten gaudy buttons, nine cups of dropping
Eight spoons of smirking
Seven whites are buzzing
Six joints are smirking
Five, a million
Four grams of ash
Three pounds of grass
Two hundred rips
And a job of yours
One, two, three, four
I think that's from the church of the 67 Chevy, friends.
That's disgraceful, I think.
I really do.
I hope that kid wasn't actually.
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas!



Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas!
One day, the rabbit woke up and realized he wanted a hamburger.
Boy!
Said the rabbit to himself.
A hamburger would sure hit the spot right now.
But, having never had a hamburger, the rabbit was at a loss as to where one could be found.
I know.
He said.
I'll ask my old friend, the chestnut tree.
New from Tonka.
Now you are in my evil clutches, Bob.
I'll use this MTV bombardment to turn you normal.
Shut up, kid boy!
No way I'll ever sell out to the conspiracy.
Taste of the Marrakech, talk to aliens.
See, by the time you get halfway through editing a show, friends, you can't remember what was at the beginning of it.
Hug and rock and rustling.
Will we?
That is a problem.
And of course, if you're editing ten different Christmas shows together, it's even harder to...
You're a moron.
Oh.
I'm a moron.
All you want to do is sit around and praise Bob.
And ask my son, George.
And then, uh, two minutes.
All sorts of serious problems in the Church of the Subgenius.
Many of which include trying to find the right equipment in the radio station.
Trying to keep more than one Reverend Island sang off the mic.
With so many confusing issues in hand.
With so many egos at hand.
Including whether or not the, the, the...
The Santa did actually die at the hands of the cavalry.
Uh, that day on the Mount of Skulls.
Or whether, um, the overmodulation can be helped at some time in the far future.
I'm doing my best.
So, um, friends, this is a song by this guy.
Oh, I see.
So I can control it.
Yeah, I told you.
Try to show it here.
Hey, what are you doing?
Uh...
Here we can now control the hiss.
That means that their minds can likewise be controlled.
By subliminal messages planted in the hiss that goes out with this show.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Stay there.
Stay there.
Please stay there.
I'll be right back.
Remember, your commanding man, not us.
So be firm.
Oh, yes, friends.
What I'm about to play.
There's really two of me here.
This is a Christmas show.
There are two Doug Wellmans in here.
There's three Doug Wellmans in here.
By Pete Warner, the editor of famous magazine called Toilet Suck.
I'm sure you've heard of it.
Out of New Jersey, Toilet Suck is a fantastic cultural artifact.
And what we're playing right now.

Friends is an album by this fellow.
This is classics of genius mixing.
The irritating sounds heard on this recording are not intended to be digested as reenactments of actual events.
Often imitated.
Never quite duplicated.
Sounds based on personal activity.
Monsoon familiar mechanized calf Jesus.
Oh, we're doctors.
It is copyrighted.
Oh, we're doctors.
The name of this tune is The Manson Fountain.
Family Christmas.
Oh, we're doctors for Bob.
We're doctors and anything we play is music.
Oh, we're doctors for Bob.
And anything we mix is a cool industrial noise mix.
Oh.
Oh, no.
Hello.
Your local multinational corporation has sent me.
To this remote point in Australia to prove a point.
Conservation can be dangerous.
In this remote aboriginal village just outside of Sydney, Australia.
The natives were told by their government to slow down in their consumption of gasoline and fossil fuels.
Unfortunately, the files in the government energy office on this town were lost.
So nobody bothered to tell them when it was okay to go back to normal energy use.
Sadly enough.
This town has become the victim of what we call an energy surplus.
And the natives have been forced to convert many of their dishwashers, lawn mowers and refrigerators into these homemade energy hungry miniature racing guards.
Boys and girls in the village between the ages of 14 and 20 must stay behind the wheels of these primitive high speed and dangerous machines for up to 90 hours at a stretch.
Just so their village can receive the next fuel shipment from their local multinational distributor.
And we'll keep on shipping at our usual rates.
Just so this little village can meet and surpass its energy quota.
And to think, it's all because they kept lights off when it didn't have to be convenient.
This holiday season, why not turn on all the lights in your house and keep them on for the rest of the year.
Maybe you'll make the load a little lighter on us here at Multinational.
And a winter reminder citizens.
Carbon monoxide, the silent winter killer, lurks everywhere.
So if you have a gas stove, oil burner or open flame, make sure all the doors and windows in the room are tightly sealed.
So that none of that nasty carbon monoxide can sneak in.
Thanks and happy holidays.
This is Mr. Abernathy signing off from your town to you.
But you could not afford to do otherwise.
The Senate still stands.
From me.
You'd do all our darkness, where there is wailing and gnashing of teeth...

Sir please give me just one more chance sir.
I don't want to go to Hell, sir!
Sire no, no!
For Godängere only is I going to Hell!
He hitting me.
While he was doing somelavaja.
Bret section in his book was the десятieth volume of the one and only The Patriot.
Where there's no bang.
It's not Belfast.
For every Bob particle, there is a Negi particle.
And for every Santa Claus particle, there's a Bill that comes in the mail.
No, don't fall for it.
For wherever you find Bob, you must also find Negi.
It's true.
There's a dark side to the cult and to the Santa Bob.
You know, friends, because if you better watch out, you better not cry,
you better not avoid...
You can't hide from Santa Claus.
You can't hide from Santa Claus.
That's right, friends.
You just better not.
Whatever you do, don't do it.
You haven't told him about Jingle Farkin Bells yet.
No.
Jingle Farkin Bells, Jingle Farkin Bells, Jingle Jingle Any Day.
Oh, what gosh darned fun it is to ride in an old Corvair with a top down in the dead of winter.
Oh, that's another lovely Christmas hamper.
Christmas hamper.
Christmas hamper.
Friends, try to imagine somewhere in the snowy north,
the Santa Bob trudging mindlessly through the Himalayan snows,
driven by strange forces to complete his nameless errand,
and he may show up at your house, my friend,
if you've been a bad subgenius or a halfway subgenius,
or if we keep getting tangled up in these other shows.
And have strange microphones.
Oh, well, Hell Swami?
I was wondering.
I didn't mean to cut off your...
I hope the Hell Swami's listening.
Hell Swami was on this old show.
I didn't mean to interfere with the freedom of religion or anything.
Well, I know, Dr. Stang, that you wouldn't have your heart to do something as big a cause as that.
No, I wonder what happens if I push this, though.
It's supposed to close the gateway that will keep those other shows out.
Oh, do you think?
It was, too.
That was...
No, there they are back there.
Yeah, that was Hell Swami.
Satellite Weavers.
Huh?
Sky Satellite, if you're listening.
Friends, we're once again attempting to do our Christmas show in one channel only.
I guess if we turn this mic up all the way...
No, don't do that.
This, I think, friends, will be the only show where you'll hear Bob and the Dillentones'
lovely version of White Christmas.
Friends, this is Bob and his band, the Dillentones.
I think you should enjoy this.
All пар avocadoas.
Everything in two pictures is all White Christmas, eh?

Irish Music hay movimento.
Open Widesoo
I'm dreaming of a white Christmas
Just like the ones I used to know
Where the tree tops glisten
And children listen
To her daydreams
She will stay in my room this Christmas with me at home.
the snow. I'm dreaming of a white Christmas with every Christmas card I write. May your days be
merry and bright and may all your Christmases be white.
I'm dreaming of a white Christmas with every Christmas card I write. May your days be merry
and bright and may all your Christmases, all your Christmases, all your Christmases be

white.
May all your Christmases, all your Christmases, all your Christmases, all your Christmases
be white.
five two three
California oranges Texas cactus we think you need a little more practice
throw them in the graveyard cover up your feet
J.R. Bob Dobbs can't be beat
And that's Bob at Post Office Box 140306 in Dallas, Texas 75214.
I'll give that number again.
Write for free information from Bob at Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
And that Post Office Box has remained unchanged, lo, these ten years
since that old Christmas show was recorded.
That was like show number 260-something.
Long time ago.
I believe that tonight we're on show number 610, the last Christmas show.
And here's some credits, friends.
A whole lot of the non-Subgenius Christmas special music came from something called
the Tarkin Records All-Star Holiday Extravaganza,
a totally weird...
A weird compilation of holiday hits by the weirdest bands on the weirdest label,
Tarkin Records.
Here's a contact number.
1-800-966-3516.
We heard God Rest Ye Wary Citizens by Reverend Zaphon, Pope S. Cecilia,
Trickster Shaman, and Reverend 3.0 here in Dallas.
Idnax, Stang, and Civet doing various Christmassy things.
Iron Liver doing Santa's Big Rave.
Red Sack.
The instrumental Sleigh Ride was by The Defenders.
The instrumental Danse des Mirletons is by R. Stevie Moore.
Praise R. Stevie Moore.
R2-D2, We Wish You a Merry Christmas by Brian Dewan.
Jingle Bells by the Mill Valley Taters.
Nick Smith did Polyesterose.
The Pork Guys did that punk version of Rudolph Brothers.
beans on Burgerolin for Guns L bringen.
Bengals Cables 내일 Sold
Tekinnen G vigorLA dot scal 변.
You.
expressionen facebook EoI I
Ich will jede
the 67 Chevy doing the 12 drugs of Christmas.
Some thanks to Reverend Bleepo Abernathy for the multinational Xmas.
And to Pete Warner for the Manson family Christmas.
And Bob and the Dillon Tones did White Christmas.
Praise Bob. Thank you.
This is of course Jimi Hendrix in the background.
