yes and praise bob
time for show live show for you now this is doug smith radio operator i'm gonna bring you a piece
of that green cheese for sure how come always scary on show says doug smith of dallas texas
well it's actually been some time since scary has been on the show
strapping hell shows about to take off about two and a half miles
oh my god the pilot's dead he's been dead for over 10 years
welcome to the subgenius radio
sponsored by the church of the subgenius
wow
oh yes it's scary on the show again tonight because
as it says
you
the priest and the prophet have erred through strong drink they are swallowed up with wine
they're out of the way through strong drink they err in vision they stumble in judgment
for all tables are full of vomit and filthiness and there is no
place clean
yes
shut that baby up in there
babies they get into all the subgenius shows not just in texas
my equilibrium
destabilized
uh
uh
yes



so we're doing everything in our power to put a stop to the recent false subgenius fad of gut blowout parties
there went one just then these reckless kids are risking their souls taking these green joy jackers and bowel lifters and screamers and laughers and floppers and floaters and all those other unsanctified street drugs this is false slack friends
there's only
one
nine
ten
we're
oh
here goes there's a gut blowout party friends
listen to that in the background that was the latest doc stock
this is the doctors preparing the prescriptions
there's only one of these mind relinquishing substances that you should even consider putting the gobble on
and that's the sacred tibetan herb
haba
ziplops
which is not a drug
now you know if you don't have to take the frop you can quit if you want to go sane if you want to keep your mouth shut
your so-called senses, but how can we know the goddess of heaven seen on the slide, lest
we have, for comparison, vomited into the porcelain bowls of hell? For, although the
great inebriant of Tibet provides only an illusory vision of time control, yet such
a glimpse fortifies the subgenius, and he follows the taste of that artificial slack,
drooling like a dog in rut. He is a dauntless explorer of fake horizons, for, of all the
sacraments, frop does not wear off.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
What's wrong with you? We like you and should ignore you, but instead...
Ah!
Well, I'm...

I went on down to my girlfriend's shack to see how they did hang. When I got there,
her cupboard was bare. I couldn't ignite a thing. There was no shard, no bone, no twig.
I brought my comic book collection.
What's about this big, yeah?
Well, frop without slack is like slack without frop. But where the hell else am I going to
cop?
I found my dog food collection about five o'clock, but all that food was stale. I thought
I'd call that rip-off schmuck, but I forgot he was in jail. Ended up killing a porcupine
just to see if I could smoke his rind. Oh, frop without slack is like slack without frop.
But where the hell else am I going to cop?
Yeah!
Yeah!
Frop without slack is like slack without frop. But where the hell else am I going to
cop?
I don't know what I am going to do, I just know that this here trip ain't a room
Oh!
Frop without slack is like slack without frop. But where the hell else am I going to
cop?
Oh!
Frop without slack is like slack without frop.
But where the hell else am I going to cop?
Don't cop from that guy there.
Oh, stay away from that.
Uh-huh.
No way.
Is that Frop?
This is Habifrop Zip-Di-Lops, too.
You can smell it.
It doesn't smell like marijuana at all.
It's got a very pungent odor.
I don't like this stuff.
It is free.
We have to smoke it.
It's one of the rules.
We're talking about a barrel of Habifrop.
We're talking about a void,
a limitless void of Habifrop.
Right.
We're talking about several alternate realities.
We're talking about your basic...
We're talking about putting it in your pipe and smoking it.
And another thing I want to tell you about tonight,
we've had some calamities
and some calamitous times in Malaysia.
You might have heard about all the rains we had.
Yes, dear friends,
it was flooding over here,
but, oh, Bob,
oh, good old Bob knew that when it flooded in Malaysia,
you better build your houses on stilts.
So all our houses are built on stilts over here, dear friends.
Ha-ha.
We knew a long time ago
that when those floodwaters came,
we better be sitting pretty,
sitting high,
so nobody can come by.
And speaking of...
sitting high,
we need something over here in Malaysia.
Yes, our whole drug cabinet was washed away.
And after a flood, you know,
we need some drugs.
We need some drugs that can help the people out here.
So what I want you all to do, dear friends, is...
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob loved you.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob loved you.
Bob loved you.
Bob loved you.
Bob loved you.
Bob loved you.



Bob loved you.
Move.
Move.
Move.
Theita Mehran.
So Scott,
Brian,
Scott Benny

are trying to figure out how they are doing in their worlds but use music to cause people who tell them to exist to be needed even if they aren't. So check that out!
Get people involved.




You know, I was walking down the beach, trying to get to my Woody, where I had my suds cold
and my buds of gold.
I was going to get high and get real drunk.
Lay in the sand with my beach buddy.
With my beach buddy.
But out of the side of my eye, I saw the ultimate wave.
The super wave.
It was the most stoked out stud wave in all reality.
It was 900 feet tall.
And on the backside of reality, too.
I saw a black hole right in the middle of it.
A vortex.
I'm ready to shoot through that black hole.
Have my molecules rearranged.
I'm going to hang five as I shoot through the black hole of the vortex of the super wave.
The most god awful wave in reality.
On the backside of reality.
The front side and the left and the right side.
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!

















Woo!
Woo!
Woo!


I was tubing.
Woo!
Woo!

I was fixing to cut out.
And!

And then!
Woo!
And then!
300.
Woo!
This is what you would call it.
This is one of those what you would call it.
It just opened up right out in the sea.
Big old man, I was just starting to suck me down.
It's like a vortex funnel sucking me down to the bottom of the ocean.
I was getting sucked down.
And you know, as much as I hate to admit it,
it felt pretty good.
It felt pretty good getting sucked down in that vortex wave
all the way down to the bottom of the ocean.
But God, I hate to admit it.
But God, I hate to admit it.
It felt pretty good.
But I hate to admit it.
Moving on down the backside of reality.
My bad words, my bad sign.
Drive the wave and stoke it on my fine day.
Moving on down to the back of reality.
Riding on my bad words, stoking on my fine day.
Riding on my bad words, stoking on my fine day.
Riding on my bad words, stoking on my fine day.
Riding on my bad words, stoking on my fine day.
Mojo can really play the drums.
He was stuck down in this group thing.
He was laying down on the backside of reality on those tracks.
Now how about the song Backside of Reality?
Our audience here is very familiar with that song.
We play it every week.
It was back in our acid days.
Back when we used to consume a lot of LSD.
Yes, I know that.
The Swingin' Love Horses at one time was a hippie LSD band.
Yeah, we don't really like the rag.
We don't talk about it.
We don't talk about it.
We don't really advocate it.
We did expand our consciousness.
But I thought that you condoned contracted consciousness.
We condone contracted consciousness.
Consciousness.

Expanded consciousness.
Consciousness.
Consciousness.
Well, so some of your music actually has been LSD influenced.
Right.
And that is...
What is the similarity here?
I'm reminded of the 60s garage bands.
That's like LSD.
Lollipop sugar donuts.
LSD lollipop.
Luxury mountains appearing from the sky.
We got high on high doses of sugar.
That's what it was.
White sugar.
And we called it LSD just to cut a joke.
And you would have visions and get into the backside of reality.
You would actually drive...
You would drive the curl into the back, into the vortex.
Right.
It's like the molecules...
Oh, this is my favorite.
This is beautiful.
These vicious junkies and...
LSD.
LSD.
LSD.
LSD.
LSD.




LSD.
LSD.



LSD.
LSD.
LSD.


LSD.
LSD.
LSD.
LSD.







LSD.









Or it's outside the church in the street that one truly feels the touch.
They're drinking the real blood of Jesus, friends, or the blood of Bob or whoever,
out of those green Thunderbird bottles.
LSD.



LSD was not beaten up in very hard times.



His blood became the muscatel, the mad dog, the night train that those boys ride.
It does what religion is supposed to do.
It makes them feel so good.
Ah, yes.
It is the pink, suburban, respectable alcoholic who has no excuse and, verily, no hope.
Well, perhaps there is one thing that can bring them from their closet of opiated, self-hating secrecy.
Perhaps, if they turned to the force.
The Habifrop Lords of Tibet.
Yes, we most pious arch-popes condone, violently, the most frequent possible indulgence unto intoxication and beyond
of the revered and despised grief-easer of the mountains, the warrior against pain, the healing herb, Habifrop Zipulops.
Whether taken as smoke, liquid food, or as bobs, pills, trademark,
it, above all the other medicinal herbs,
or as medicinal substances, spells relief.
From the hearty young stalks protruding from the Himalayan snow to the white frot dust that settles on the rim of Bob's pipe,
it's the closest thing to the untainted essence of Odin on earth.
How else can we regard that which produces in the devoted user such superhuman clarity of insight,
such sensory hyper-anesthesia, such total loss of judgment,
which yet is profound?
Such profound wisdom, such placid ecstasy and blessed repose,
which, in short, is the only shortcut to the realization of the Dob's state.
The Exists planted our beloved Frop on earth near the close of the age of dinosaurs.
Bob tells us it may well be Jehovah One's main instrument for evolution on this planet,
having very possibly been the device which brought down the great reptiles,
allowing us mammals to take their place as large destroyers.
And yet, also, Frop is that which will, with Bob's guidance,
likewise complete the usurpation as dominant species of the humans by the subgenius hordes.
Frop's detractors, mostly alcoholics and potheads, scream that it is a physically addictive vampire root
from whose siren embrace no man can tug free.
We shout, Hallelujah!
Praise Bob, of course it is!
And is the Lord himself one bit less habit-forming?
Habit-Frop-Zip-Yelops teaches us, ultimately, that all is one, that up is down.
It allows us to converse with trees,
and to see prophetic and accurate visions of the future in our shoes,
our album covers,
in the strange reflections on our toasters.
An ascetic Frop-master in Tibet or Dob's town
can, with diligent consumption,
finally lose all interest in everything,
achieving the paranervanic state closest to Bob himself.
The Paranormal Life of Bob
The Paranormal Life of Bob
The Paranormal Life of Bob
In Heaven, everything is fine
In Heaven, everything is fine
In Heaven, everything is fine
You got your good things, I got mine
In Heaven, everything is fine
In Heaven, everything is fine
You got your good things, I got mine
My equilibrium, destabilized!
As a young man, I was full of life and imagination and ideas.
Now I know it's all just an illusion.
And you, oh, you think your mission is so very important.
To me, it means nothing.
I really don't care if you win or lose.
It's what our free society is founded on.
You think they give a damn about their bills in Russia?
I said, do you think they give a damn about their bills in Russia?
They don't pay bills in Russia, it's all free.
Huh?
Oh, you know commies?
Oh, you better not be.
I don't want no commies in my cart.
No Christians either.
A lot of people don't realize what's really going on.
They view life as a bunch of unconnected incidents and things.
They don't realize that theirs is like
a lattice of coincidence that lays on top of everything.
I'll give you an example.
I'll show you what I mean.
Suppose you're thinking about a plate of shrimp.
Suddenly somebody will say like, plate or shrimp or plate of shrimp.
Out of the blue, no explanation.
No point in looking for one either.
It's all part of a cosmic unconsciousness.
You read a lot of acid, Miller, back in the hippie days?
I'll give you another instance.
You know the way everybody's into weirdness right now?
Books in all the supermarkets about commuter triangles, UFOs,
how the Mayans invented television, that kind of thing.
I don't read them books.
Well, the way I see it, it's exactly the same.
There ain't no difference between a flying saucer and a time machine.
People get so hung up on specifics, they miss out on seeing the whole thing.
Take South America, for example.
In South America, thousands of people go missing every year.
Nobody knows where they go.
Just like disappear.
But if you think about it for a minute, you realize something.
There had to be a time when there was no people, right?
Yeah, I guess.
Well, where did all these people come from?
I'll tell you where.
The future.
Where did all these people disappear to?
The past.
That's right.
And how'd they get there?
Flying saucers.
Which are really...
Yeah, you got it.
Time machines.
I think a lot about this kind of stuff.
I do my best thinking on the bus.
That's how come I don't drive, see?
You don't even know how to drive.
I don't want to know how.
I don't want to learn, see?
The more you drive, the less intelligent you are.
Not necessarily beautiful, but beautiful.
A letter from a prisoner.
A prisoner?
A prisoner in Atlanta.
Oh, yeah.




















Or near to Atlanta.
Actually, his prison address here is in Delaware.
What's he in prison for?
What we have here.
Listen to this letter.
Oh, and he's...
He's on phase U to foldicate.
I mean, communicate.
This was sent to us here in Cleveland, not to the Dallas headquarters.
He goes,
Almighty Holy Messenger, my name is Noah Hughes, AKA Pope Nasty.
Noah Count.
I'm a devout subgenius whose rights to slack are being withheld through a local department.
I'm currently being held in Gander Hill Prison, located in Wilmington, Delaware, on charges
of...
Hey, you got that rack of dollars.
Sell it.
Hey.
Prop possession.
I'm looking at about three more years, and they repeatedly had church material refused
for no other reason than it's the conspiracy.
I'm asking you to please send any church information or prayer material.
Prisoners always want it free.
They want it free.
I'm asking you to please send any information as well as documentation of any kind to show
that our glorious church is recognized by the government as an actual religion.
Well, it's not.
I'm...
Which is too bad for all those people I've married.
I'm working on building a case against the prison for isolation of my First Amendment
rights, a violation of them.
So please feel free to forward any and all information pertaining to these topics and
requests.
My body is totally slack-free.
And I'm hurting for some of your old-time religion.
Also, please use the church name on the return address so I can receive said slack.
God bless you, my fine friend.
Give me slack.
Praise...
Oh, that poor man.
Now to discuss his actual agonizing condition.
Just think at what he must go through every day.
He bangs a tin cup against the cell door.
A guy with one of those 1930s King Kong hats comes up and says,













He's a spy.
And pulls out his old billy stick and starts clubbing him ferociously until the guy next
door, who is somewhere near 455 pounds of solid muscle with a shaved head, has barbecue
shavings with him.
Eww.
That is so disgusting.
And for what?
What did this man do to deserve this?
Lick a black hole of liquor.
All this man did was lick a black hole.
That's all he did.
And did that hurt anybody?
I don't know.


Did it hurt anybody else?
No.
Well, no, my friend.
You don't understand.
The reason why we are against drugs is because they are against us.
Don't you understand what it is saying?
But yet you can buy heroin down at the supermarket.
I mean beer.
You can buy false hair anywhere, pal.
That doesn't mean you're not going to stay bald.
You can get crack down at the liquor store.
I mean whiskey.
You know, I mean you can get, you can get narcotics anywhere.
You could be a narcotic.
All this man did was have some froth and lick a black hole.
He should have told the judge.
He should have told the judge.
I am drugs like some more dollars do.
He's probably been staring.
He's probably got three more years of looking in the black hole.
I guess they better put, I bet they better put God in prison for growing froth.
The last time I heard, Mr. God was growing marijuana and froth.
Both.
By the roadside, my friend.
All over this country and many others.
I guess they better put God in that Dander Hill prison.
That God is in jail right now, Stan.
That's, well, that's good.
That's kind of one of the main problems or why we are having so many problems right now.
Well, they're lowering the coffin of God into the ground.
God can't get out.
God is dead.
God is not in, he's not dead.
He's doing 15 to 25 at a, at a minimum.
Well, not really a minimum.
There is barbed wire, but he can't get out.
For growing.
God's in prison for growing.
Well, no, actually just for, for consorting with an angular object.
I think there were even more of a curse than that.
I think they're, I think they're working on getting the, throwing the sun.


The sun in the hoose gal too.
I thought God was arrested by the fourth dimensional sheriff.
Fourth dimensional sheriff.
For trying to break into the fifth dimension.
Yeah, cause we've got only a three dimensional God.
Yeah.
He was getting so bad for his brick.
Oh, he was doing.
Well, actually maybe it's, maybe God's just a four dimensional critter and every now and
then you just see a wavering light in the air and you hear a voice.
So everybody goes, God.
So maybe you're saying God got thrown in jail for doing that.
No, God, he's just an adventurer.
He's like a guy who, he lives in the four dimensional world.
It lives in the four dimensional land.
Uh, but uh, he's just out tooling around one day and stuck his head in on earth, you know?
Oh man.
What a mistake.
It's like us looking through a microscope at a bunch of microbes.
He looked around at the people and he was just like, you know, dude's like, you shouldn't
kill.
Like don't do that.
And he kind of stuck his finger out when he said that, but you know, that's what came
up.









He was just going through the, to three dimensions when he stuck his finger out, he kind of like
passed through and they said, and he said, do not kill him.
They wrote it on a stone.
They all said, kill him, kill him.
And then they realized every time they killed him, he kept on coming back every Easter.
So they put his ass in jail and they're not letting him out.
Aren't you mixing up God with Jesus, Dave?
Oh, the idea.
That's his little boy, God, Jr.
I'm, I beg to differ with myself.
God is not only his only purified self, but he's also his son.

He's also an alien vestigal.
He's three in one, three great candies in one.
And may he rest in peace.
Yeah.
Or may he get some slack time in the yards, you know, without.
Yeah.
Cause not only did he grow the froth, but he grew the humans and put, gave them these
brains whereby they would figure out that if they chewed on the froth and packed it
up their eggs, it would have felt kind of good.
And so they did it because they could.
Now I think God should be thrown in jail for that.
I think so.
I think jail should probably be his most, his most divine wish.
Cause somewhere there's a 15 year old smoking pot and God's God's responsibility.
He brought it around.
He's that kid's father.
We're all children of God.
Wildwood weed.
If, if man.
What if God actually did look like divine though?
I mean, wouldn't that be a stunning surprise to walk into the heavenly gates and there's
St. Peter and he's all bespectacled and he looks like he's got, you know, like a foreskin
around his neck.
Yeah.
That's how God will look to Jesse Helms.
With a foreskin around his neck.
Right.
And a biting, angry one eyed head.
That's, that's the way Jesse Helms will die.
God will look like the young kitten Nativi Dodd in an early Russ Meyer film.
Kitten Nativi Dodd.
Oh God's boy's in the White House now.
So we should be seeing a lot more of this.
Bob's boy.
Well, that's the two dimensional God I think you're talking about.

This morning they, uh, uh, yeah.
This morning they found the Bush daughters passed out in their own puke on the front
lawn of the White House.
That could be a well, that could be true, couldn't it?
It is.
It is.
It is a true thing.
Yeah.
You know how you can lie to me.
They were passed out on the lawn in their own puke.
I, that was when I quit.
That was my last drink.
That was the problem.
I woke up on the White House lawn in a puddle of my own puke.
Wearing that duck suit and a brassiere.
And I can tell I had scratched deep galley.


I had my lounges in the door with my fingernail the night before.
And you realized one tooth was missing and they were like, you were wearing lipstick.
I was, I realized that I better quit drinking.
But you know, those secret service guys never did quit because they, there's still guys
scratching at the door.
Those guys don't buy liquor for young broads.
Everybody's drinking on the job.
Uncle Gregg seedicubes.
Mm hmm.
Tududele son of a N.
Trop without slack dear friends.
The users of drugs, drugs, dear friends on the other hand are placing themselves in grave
danger.
They can never get as truly fried as they want to be.
They've got to take one on top of the other.
Sometimes they take so many that when they forget one or two, they later get mad at themselves for it.
So to keep mentally levitating, they always need more.
Sooner or later, they burn out and become too slacked to react.
As they say, the brain tunnels through which they once excavated and blasted with such drunken zeal begin to cave in.
The abuser wakes up one day impaired.
His muscles feel ravaged, his nerves nullified.
There is a hollowness inside, but a hot hollowness.
And discomfort mounts to panic as he realizes he's annihilated one brain cell too many.
His teeth grind.
His cells shrivel yet seem to scream for more when there is none.
His skin exudes bitter greases from every pore as if he were getting a long overdue oil change.
Everything's clammy and numb to the touch.
His eternal itch gasps and convulses with the amputation nausea of something missing.
The electric glue of his brain becomes tacky and stiffens.
The snot-like shock fluid in which the brain wants to escape.

The floor lurches and shifts its steepness and changes its slant right under his feet.
If he lays down, he suffers the slow ovals, the bed seeming to spin very slowly end over end through space.
He goes to the bathroom to expel the bad water, but his urine smells burnt and leaks out in a weak radioactive dribble.
He looks in the mirror. His skin is Krishna blue in pallor, and he worries that the quiet interior shattering noises he hears are the sounds of his blood crystallizing.
His heart starts to dry hump the back of his throat in hysteria, for he knows that to die on drugs is to doom his soul to eternal earthbound wandering in a purgatory where the liquor stores are all closed.
If the mental eye is intoxicated, the very soul is intoxicated when the body dies, it doesn't know it's dead and so never heads for heaven.
Laying on the floor, glowing feebly in the dark, the wretch moans,
out the drug user's lament,
I can't decipher anything. Put me where you want me. Give me rubber blankets.
Eventually his cohorts show up and give him sucor in the form of more, and the wheel starts rolling again.
The conspiracy encourages, blatantly, a useless empty box.
The reality is that the reality is a pattern of social drug abuse in its slaves.
The anti-reality sleep drugs like alcohol and downers are legal pretty much, while the wake-up drugs are only available.
You can tell which ones they'd rather you take.
Hey, guys?
Yeah, yeah, over there.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I just got a question for you.
I saw you smoking and I was just wondering,
that ain't F.R.O.P. now, is it?
It is?
Oh, hot damn!
Man, man, this is something.
I've never seen F.R.O.P. before.
Yeah, I mean, never tried it or anything, you know.
Of course, I'd really like to try it, you know.
You know, just a little bit, just to see what it's like, you know.
Maybe compare it to something like, you know, marijuana or tobacco or banana peels, you know, whatever, you know.
But, you know, just take a little bit, you know.
Not a whole lot or anything like that, you know.
Just enough to...
Just enough to...
Give me a hit, you know.
You know, not enough to fill up my lungs or anything, you know.
Just...
For me?
I can try it?
Really?
Ha!
Oh, wow, man.
That's, uh...
That's really generous of you, man.
I...
Uh...
I think I will.
Thank you.
Um...
Okay.
All right, I'm gonna do it now.
I'm gonna do it.
Uh...
Oh, man.
I'm just really nervous here, you know.
I've never tried F.R.O.P. before, you know.
I don't know what it's gonna do or anything, you know.
You know, okay.
All right.
I'm really gonna try it now.
Um...
Um...
It's not lit.
Oh, okay.











Oh, it makes its own fumes.
Okay.
All right.
You know, you don't have to light it for anything.
No?
You just...
You just suck on it.
All right.
All right.
Okay.
We'll give this one a try, then.
All right.
Here goes nothing.
All right.
I'm gonna do it.
Mm...
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.








Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.

This is it.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
You're sick,Í


Okay.







Oh, boy.
08202 dak2
isto
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Damn, that stuff got on top of me.
It got right on top of me, man.
Uh, can I have some more?
You know, just a little bit, you know.
Not anything really major or anything.
Just a little thing.
Oh, my God.
With Frop, Bob gives his most insanely courageous warriors,
the Brotherhood of Bob, brief glimpses of the before life,
the pleasure dimension foretold by the prophet Janer.
And it fortifies them in their acts of terminal mercy.
It steals the nerves and frees the wills of his chosen instruments of death and eternal slack.
Slack Squad missionary Poonflang Damarung spoke lovingly of it
in Economicon 714 before his immortal last mission
in a testimonial to his Lord Bob's ways.
Yes, Poonflang said, Bob shares of his own pipe with us
before each foray into the belly of the beast.
It gives us the knowledge of our true will and how it is juxtaposed with Bob's.
We all grip each other by the shoulders and sidle together in a great circle
as we chant together between the holy dosages.
The dizzying Frop fumes combine with the endless rhythmical repetitions
to create a living vortex power of unspeakable ecstasy.
Kill, kill for the love of killing.
Kill for the love of Kali.
Kill, kill for fun.
Kill to be free.
Kill like a man to make America great.
While alcohol wantonly destroys brain tissue,
sloughing it off to be passed in the morning as the wasted dead ravages of wine,
wine?
Frop?
Not kill brain cells, nay nay!
But mutates them.
Causes them to multiply faster.
Each succeeding generation is, of course, stronger than those before it.
Man made booze.
Bob made Frop.
Who do you trust?
Frop enables one to see with the eyes closed.
This is known as the unblinking stare of the overlid.
Through it, one may pass through the gates,
and the
world is filled with the unblinking stare of the unblinking.
The Frop has reached Bardo 18 of the 18th hole of Hangar 18 of Zombo Fropland.
He may think the same thought over and over and over and over and over,
and yet never care, never feel boredom.
The Frop entered through the forehead and exited through the upper back of the neck.
The possessing demon was exercised instantly,
and the president, if not his brain or the governor's, was saved.
This, my friends, is Frop.
But whether you're a Frop head or not,
the true subgenius forces the body to stand upright,
where it can see further.
He shows authority over the drug fiend which houses the brain.
Our rightful place has been usurped by our own bodies,
and we want to see the man who has the power to do it.






The man in charge, and it's Bob.
Bob is the true mind storm, my friends.
The godly lobe explosion in your skull.
Who needs dope?
You never come down from the high of Bob.
Bob is the drug, friends.
The conspiracy is the real drug that drugs you,
that makes you want to go to sleep or to kick ass for no reason.
Bob is the drug that makes you kick ass where it counts.
The drug of remembering who you are.
The drug that wakes you up.
The drug that makes you see or leaves you be.
Praise Bob!
It's hope or force or method,
being too smart to swing in mood.
While rats run up my trouser legs,
roaches share my food.
Rats and roaches,
now's the time to go to sleep.





Because I'll be when it's dark and hot.
Love, love,
it's all the same,
mixing speed and part.
First a rat and then a roach,
or both, as like as not.
If I can't find a fix tonight,
my marrow bones will rot.
Goodbye, transcendent
pumpkin square,
I haven't long to stay.
A double jolt of heroin
and I'll be on my way.
Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep.
Getting some
stoned on sunshine,
getting high on air.
Getting to it naturally,
really getting there.
Getting such a high on,
loving what I do.
I'm so full of happiness,
hooked on something new.
Life is such a
trippy thing,
hell over these
hell of springs.
Each day on earth
is a day that's worth
remembering.
And I mean
just what I say.
Life is such a
groovy thing.
Don't pity me,
I'm glad to be
a ding-a-ling.
What's up, what's up,
how are you? How are you?
I'm serious.
I'm serious.
Well, now you have
my man in this
studio.
I'm serious.
I'm serious.
I'm serious.
Life doesn't really stand
in the way of
beautiful.
I'm serious.
Yeah, I'm lonely.
Yeah, I'm lonely.
Yeah, I'm lonely.
Ayyyy!
Ugh!
What is this guy?

What is this guy?
I'm a red rising demon and


What the hell,
please,
OK,
baum euphoric
Who knows what you've been doing?
You can even snort them out.
I'm rubbing one up the bottom of my gums.
I'm going to try a line of this human soul hair for you.
Excuse me.
Here I go.
Now that's what I call soul.
That must have been a fairly intelligent normal.
Oh, no, that wasn't normal.
I think I got some of his memories off of that.
Wow.
Yeah.
I'm seeing this little woman in the 40s.
Just for a second.
That's probably the guy's mom.
Yeah.
God, you can snort their souls and these little primal memories.
You've just got to give them final lunch and then dry them out first.
How long have you guys known about this?
I mean, was this something the Indians had down there?
Yeah, yeah.
It's too rainy to light a fire to smoke a soul a lot of times,
so they just dry it and keep it with volcanic rock as an absorbent.
And they just grind it up and snort it through huge, huge cans.
They didn't have the technology to extract souls.
I mean, how did they get them under pressure?
How did they get them into the cans?
They don't do it that way.
They just feed them the right amount of herbs and plants
and the soul just...
Just drips out of the nasal and anal...
You're kidding!
No, it just...
Why can't we do that?
We can if we've got the right pills.
It's kind of, you know, it's all organic.
I mean, you know, there's two ways you can extract.
You can go high technology,
or you can go with just kerosene and a couple of guys...
How did Bob set up these extraction machines?
I mean, what's the...
All you've got to do is you dig a little pit.
You dig a little pit in the ground,
you line it with plastic,
peg down with wood,
and then you put the body in...
A normal.
A normal, right?
Yeah.
Any normal?
Any normal.
Any normal isn't dead yet.
The soul is still in him, right?
Uh-huh.
Okay, then you cover him with kerosene and acetone,
and then you just jump up and down on him
until it turns kind of green and thick.
Then you remove him, strain the liquid,
then you boil it, and you add sulfuric acid.
But then there's some kind of ritualistic...
I mean, what actually causes the transmutation?
Well, there's a group of people around the pit,
adding a psychic element of the alchemy, you see.
They concentrate...
Oh, yeah, because they don't have the soul amplifier.
Right, so it's done with psychic methods.
It probably doesn't cost them, you know,
it costs them a couple of necklaces or, you know,
Well, they don't need electricity to do it.
They're pet taper.
The most expense they've got.
It costs us a hundred grand a year
to keep these things pumping off.
Well, you see, we use a lot of...
And not to mention the bodies and the souls
and getting rid of...
See, the body dissolves.
The body dissolves in the solution completely.
Well, do you do up the body, too?
No, they just strain it out with a solid waste.
What do they do with that?
With that?
They press it into little cakes and burn it,
like for fires and stuff like that.
They usually give it back to the guy's family.
How come this was, like...
How come the Western civilization didn't discover that?
Well, you see, it's because...
How come they haven't been ripped off yet?
How come we didn't rip them off?
Well, because we can pay a soul
and get a lot cheaper from them than doing it up here,
because, you know, like down there,
nobody complains if you go through
four or five hundred bodies in one night.
You know, you can sit around and smoke all the soul you want.
I guess it would be kind of questionable
to be digging pits in your backyard
and throwing normal bodies in there.
Well, it's just little pressed cakes.
Noisy, if nothing else.
It's just little pressed cakes.
Most people barbecue.
You can't do on them later, you know.
You see?
Well, and then we've got to give half of them away
to wherever they're taken on Jupiter.
Well, of course, the thing about...
That weirds me out, man.
A lot of things weird me out.
The fact is that you can't get any good soul here in the States,
dry or liquid.
It's always been cut with something.
And I like my soul unstepped on myself, you know.
Oh, yeah, they'll use monkey souls, chimpanzee souls.
Yeah.
Well, they just take up crystallized...
It's probably two-thirds...
They just take crystallized emotions
and mix them in, for God's sake.
I mean, you get a bad blast of rage
mixed in with your soul,
and the next thing you know, man, you're...
It's probably what happened to me last week.
They put a lot of anguish in it, too, you know.
It just makes you depressed.
Whereas pure soul is nothing more than a psychic
and, you know, almanacal amplifier.
And, you know, if your soul's...
If your soul's in good shape when you do pure soul,
I mean, it's even better.
But, you know, like, you put stuff that's unstepped on
and mix it with monkey soul or alligator...
I'd say, you know, your soul is...
It's tainted.
Very tainted.
You've got holes eating through it, you know.
Running up demagnetized soul, bad golfer soul.
Yeah.
Can you imagine?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
The news is finished.
I'm gonna hit all of my days
and my life in a drug and beauty.
Pick my head and eat all the bugs.
Why must I be a teenager on drugs?
I went out last night
and got the drug.
I fed my father.
I took the drug.
And I went home and I took the drug.
Why must I be a teenager on drugs?
If I don't cut the shit,
it's black to see.
I'm gonna...
I'm gonna...
I'm gonna...

It's not a hang around with a bunch of drugs.
Why must I be a teenager on drugs?
My boss says next time I get thrown in jail.
I'm gonna...
Hey, let me tell you about my new coat.
Excellent, right?
Maybe two bucks.
My pot is filled with flowers.
My grass is bright and green.
My tea is brewing in my cup.
And still I make the scene.
So just don't try to change me.
I love the world I found.
I've got a new coat.

I've got to fly my own sweet way.
Don't you shoot me down.
Life is such a trippy thing.
Hello, birdies.
Hello, spring.
Each day on earth is a day that's worth remembering.
And I mean just what I say.
Life is such a groovy thing.
Don't pick me.
I'm glad to be a ding-a-ling.
Ding-a-ling.
Ding-a-ling.
Ding-a-ling.
Don't pity me.
I'm glad to be a ding-a-ling.
A ding-a-ling.
Ding-a-ling.
Ding-a-ling.
Don't pity me.
Ah.
Well, this is Reverend Ivan Stang with the Church of the Subgenius.
Those of you who want to know more about the church can write to Bob.
That's right.
Bob at P.O. Box.
Get that pencil out now, friends.
P.O. Box 140306.
Dallas, Texas 75214.
We're just writing for information, but you won't believe what you get.
Because you don't know about our books.
Well, we can.
We don't know that.
That's P.O. Box 140306.
Dallas, Texas 75214.
If you want to know just what we're playing and what we're doing here.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Or go ye to www.subgenius.com or email me, stang at subgenius.com.
But friends, I want to give credit for this mostly old show.
Hour of Slack number 52 from 1986.
Ding-a-ling is Frank and Nancy Sinatra Jr.
Teenager on Drugs was by The Dogmatics.
Thanks.
That was G. Gordon Gordon describing the extraction of normal souls.
Actually, from Hour of Slack number 6.
The guy trying to frop for the first time was Sheldon DeWeer, now Pope S. Lilith,
on the CD The Sheldon Years.
www.foolspress.com or mp3.com slash foolspress.
And of course, friends, we heard God in Prison described by Lonesome Cowboy Dave, Chaz, and me
on ESO Swamp Radio and WCSB just recently.
The frop ranting was from the Book of the Subgenius.
We heard bits of Repo Man, Are You Experienced by Devo and Hendrix.
Doctors for Bob at DocStock1.
The Swingin' Love Corpses on the Backside of Reality.
Dr. Philodrumming in Malaysia.
Frop Without Slack was by Reverend Bleepo Abernathy.
And the background music.
It's by me and Dr. X.
Praise Bob and good night, but not goodbye,
because I will see you at Brushwood, July 5th, 2001, 7 a.m.
Praise Bob.
When you leap to swim, the effect will continue.
Inside of your mind.
Inside of your own skull.
Boo!
Boo!



Boo!
Boo!
Boo!
Boo!

Boo!
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
