Ladies and gentlemen, welcome aboard our McDonnell Douglas DC-88 space liner for today's mission to Mars.
The captain has asked that you remain in your seats at all times.
And please, no smoking.
Attention, please. Folks, this is Third Officer Collins speaking.
I'm your tour guide today, and I'll be telling you about what's going on during the trip.
Right now, we're on final countdown, and you can watch our liftoff on the lower screen in your cabin.
I'll speak to you again after we're in space.
Mission control, this is Mars 295 ready for departure.
295, roger. Countdown is going.
Going up in 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.
We'll meet again at midnight.
Well, we're back.
That was very disconcerting.
We're diving for coconuts in just a moment.
It's like being on one of those childlike toys where you're in the...
Childlike toys, yeah.
A toy where you're...
Childlike toys.
The kind in the playground toys, you know, that spin around, you push it.
Oh, those were interesting toys.
I always thought the thing about that that was interesting was they were apparently communally used.
Yeah.
And it was thought that they...
It was natural that there would be a place with swing sets and so on.
Right.
It was natural to have those bars that you climbed on and teeter-totter.
Natural to fall down and stuff.
Remember the teeter-totter?
Yes, and epic, horrible stories about some kid who swung completely over the swing and broke his...
And flew for two miles into the arsenal, the Army arsenal down the road.
What about the double-barrel Coliseum Jimmy Page baritone soprano?
Yeah.











A combination.
Wait a minute, are you trying to one-up us?
We are professional radio people.
One horn, not one statement, sir.
It's 406, man.
Oh, sorry.
He represents that remark.
Yeah.
That's his phone.
We are professionally evaluated radio professionals.
So what's...
I'm freaking out, man.
I have a question for the caller.
It's an ancient, ancient little bothery item that's flying around.
They are super bothery.
Okay.
That's where they're designed.
What's your favorite malapropism?
I beg your pardon?
What's your favorite malapropism?


Malapropism.
Too many syllables.
Are you a man or a woman?
Oh, that's pretty good, I guess, but I'm trying to find a malaprop aspect of it.
Anyway...
I don't know what that word means.
It means that you use a word that is not the right word.
Like, for all intensive purposes, you use the wrong word.
Like what Samuel Goldwyn did for business.
I like that word.
I think you're the right guy.
For all intensive purposes.
Intensive purposes.
That's a good one.
That's how this...
That's how this color feels.
It's when you use the wrong word, but it's more right than you could ever imagine.
Like if you went to the Ask Dr. Hal show and you said the wrong word, but it's more right than you could ever imagine.
It'd be up to me to have to fix that up.
If you ever go to the Ask Dr. Hal show and you need a question that will stop Dr. Hal, I have that question.
A secret question.
You wouldn't say it on the air, would you?
I've already planned it.
I wouldn't say it on the air.
I'm not going to waste it.
Exactly.
You would have to drive all the way.
It's probably worth five or six dollars is the question.
It all depends on whether you find a sponsor and generous audience members at the show.
I'm going to go there and I'm going to sell.
I'm going to sell.
What I'm going to do, I'm going to sell questions.
That's what I'll do, Dr. Hal.
I'll show up at your show with a little booth where I sell questions that will stump Dr. Hal.
And each one of them will cost at least 20 bucks.
And we'll be in it on the side.
Wow.
So that you'll know that...
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.








Wow.






You'll have to act like it stumps them.
It stumps you.
Okay, I'm ready.
And we'll generate tons of money from that.
See?
And I'll be your ringer.
Look, this is a great scam I'm putting together here.
Well, you're forgetting, though, that this undercuts the other scam where it seems like I can give everybody the answer.
Now it seems like I can't do it and there's no purpose.
Well, some of them want to stump you.
That's why they're there.
They want to give you the question that you can't answer.
At least one guy does.
When I'm there, at least one guy does.
Well, we'll see.
We'll see how it goes.
It's all a matter of timing.
See what comes out of the laundry, I suppose.
That's why I need a bag of questions that Dr. Hal can't answer.
You put me in a trick bag.
The bag of tricks.
Just like Felix.
Giant mosquitoes are going to drain me dry before I'm able to finish this broadcast.
It's working.
They are.
They're sucking the blood, the very life out of us.
The blood is the life, Mr. Renfield.
Can we get a can of ant spray in the radio studio?
No, that's what hurts us worse than it hurts them.
That's going to trickle down into the food system and cause you to have cancer when you're 85.
And children with multiple limbs.
You know, I'm so conservative sounding, Colin.
Yes, it's all going to happen.
And that horrible exercise in mutation from the grotesque amount of toxins in the environment.
The age of mutants has begun.
In the meantime, you can celebrate KPFA's 66,000th birthday by going to the kpfa.org...
http://ig.me.me
.me
.me
.me
.me
I've never been tipped on already.
You're the only one on my thing.
See you later, Mr. Renfield.
We used to have him.
It became time.
We really did.
The path came
to your house lately and I'm sure you know it.
Yeah, but here, you know, I have to take a break every 11 minutes and run out and throw wood in the burner.
He has to keep it stoked.
I'm going to go back there in a minute and throw some wood.
So it's tough.
So we'd like to move up to steam computers.
Steam pump computers.
And then on to electricity, which we will have one day.
I'm sure of it. I'm just sure of it.
I've heard electricity is dangerous, though.
It can kill you.
Yeah, it can leak out.
I know.
You've got to tape all the little slots and those holes in the wall.
I might be leaking right now.
You could be.
Hey, would you help us do less on-air fundraising by donating to KPFA?
Send your cards and letters to KPFA management and tell them that this show,
this show, the Puzzling Evidence Show, shouldn't have to do all the rules and stuff everybody else does.
Yes.
They should have a...
We have to be excerpted from those foolish...
The company should make us a big hammock.
Even the show before us should probably not have to obey all the rules.
You know?
If we just didn't have to do all the rules and stuff.
Yeah, they can't make us...
What if you had a show that was about not obeying the rules?
That's what we are.
How can you not...
How can you put rules on a show that the purpose of which is to not obey the rules?
This is all confusing.
I'm trying to write this down as fast as I can.
Yes.
It's not to us to have slavish attention to society's laws and...
It's so hard to keep up with the changes.
If you don't worry about the rules...
Primitive customs are not for us.
Ours is a high and lonely destiny.
Just remember someday when you're tuning in late at night and you don't hear the show like you should be hearing it
and you hear something else, then you had your chance.
I could have stopped that.
You had your chance to stick up for the show.
But no, I did not.
You could have called in.
You could have said that, you know,
I sat here and didn't do anything when they took the show away
because I never thought they'd come in here for me.
Right.
Yeah, yeah.
And you're talking about the show before us, which was over the crack of dawn?
Over the crack of dawn.
Over Barbara Golden's silver hour.
Yeah, that Barbara Golden.
Rose.
Wake up, feel Rosie, and then wake up at the crack of dawn and feel Rosie.
Leave Rosie alone.
She's just going to do her job.
It's just too tempting.
Yeah.
Well, anyway, the thing is...
I'm at the crack of dawn down here.
I stopped smoking that stuff here in the kitchen.
And then I feel Rosie.
It feels great.
Yes, I know.
That's just the way those things are.
Might as well pass that pipe over here.
Computer stuff's confusing.
That's what I'm saying.
We need new computers so we can bring up the new...
I wish I had...
I wish I just knew what a computer was.
It's like it's this thing that does these things really fast.
They used to have them.
Then you get a thing.
From PR News in Washington,
I'm shaking down drug deals,
dealers, and stealing and distributing several kilos of cocaine,
racketeering, not guilty.
U.N. officials say Massachusetts State Police bounced from a dump truck,
crashed through his windshield, and landed on the dashboard.
All but five House Republicans against President Obama.
Five House Republicans are dismissing both motorists.
House lawmakers are in agreement as a political stunt.
And it will provide about $425 billion
to help cover up patient abuse.
Delays.
Besides providing more money,
the bill would make it easier to falsify PR News Washington.
PR News.
The United States and the U.S. say this is PR News.
That was PR News, dear friends, from Lemur.
And before that,
we heard about eight minutes of the Puzzling Evidence show
with Dr. Howell talking and Dr. Philo Drummond
talking a bunch there.
This music in the background is Einstein's Secret Orchestra
from the Witch Disco album.
And speaking of Philo, I have a short story.
It's very short about Philo,
which I'm very excited about.
And I'm going to read to you kids.
It's called The Frop-Ridden Pipe.
Philo Drummond looked at the frop-ridden pipe in his hands
and felt slackful.
He walked over to the window and reflected on his polluted surroundings.
He had always hated the abandoned Salton Sea
with its dark, deep dilapos.
It was a place that encouraged his tendency to feel safe.


He was a slackful.
Then he saw something in the distance,
or rather someone.
It was the figure of Bob Dobbs.
Bob was a mutated saint of sales
with a deformed exit wound and a hung third nostril.
Philo gulped.
He glanced at his own reflection.
He was a rewardian, a quirky jinkum drinker
with a wasted exit wound and a strapping third nostril.
His friends saw him as an orange, oily overman.
Once, he had even brought a beautiful Bobby
back from the brink of death.
But not even a rewardian person
who had once brought a beautiful Bobby
back from the brink of death
was prepared for what Bob had in store today.
The dust teased like a flapping prairie squid,
making Philo hardcore.
As Philo stepped out to drink,
Bob came closer.
He could see the better smile on his face.
Look, Philo, growled Bob with an unpredictable glare
that reminded Philo of a mutated prehistoric turtle.
It's not that I don't love you, but I want slack.
You owe me $2,494.
Philo looked back even more hardcore
and still fingering the frop-ridden pipe.
Bob, I'll obey you, but I'm not going to drink.
I'll drink, but with grave reservations, he replied.
They looked at each other with fropped feelings,
like two funny, frightened, face-raping bats
excremeditating at a pipe-smoking initiation
which had doctor music playing in the background
and two rapacious uncles trans-boogering to the beat.
Suddenly, Bob lunged forward
and tried to punch Philo in the face.
Quickly, Philo grabbed the frop-ridden pipe
and brought it down on Bob's skull.
Bob's deformed exit wound trembled
and his hung third nostril wobbled.
He looked insane, his wallet raw like a witty, wasteful wallet.
Then he let out an agonizing groan
and collapsed onto the ground.
Moments later, Bob Dobbs was dead.
Philo went back inside
and made himself a nice drink of Jenkum.
The End
Now friends, I produced that short story
in much less time than it took to read it.
And I posted it on one of the subgenius internet forums,
the one, the members-only one, called Scrub Genius.
And Reverend Susie the Flusie reacted strongly.
And she said,
I quote,
WTF
Well, actually she never uses initials like that.
She said the whole phrase.
I'll have what Stang's having,
full-body hallucinations.
And with no Monster Hunter inferences either.
Is this a new age of creativity
dawning here, Stang?
Well Susie, that would be nice, wouldn't it?
But actually, that was, yeah, creativity.
Yeah, sure.
That was actually written by computer.
There's a, Philo himself was telling me
I ought to look at this website called
plotgenerator.com
There's actually quite a number of them.
That was the one I used.
And when you go to plotgenerator.com,
it says you want to write a short story?
And then you just fill in some blanks.
You give them some names.
And a location.
And a few adjectives.
And a few random nouns.
And adverbs and stuff.
And then it writes the story.
I've noticed that it pretty much does almost the same story.
But you can have it end in a violent way,
a happy way, or a sad way.
Susie thought that that computer story
was more creative than what I've been doing lately.
So I wrote one.
Well, the computer and I wrote one for her.
This one is called
Hippie Filled Wisteria
A Short Story About X-Day
by Gray Harryhausen.
Because we have X-Day coming up,
the end of the world.
And of course, we're looking forward to the party
just before that at this Wisteria campground
where subgeniuses from the world over come and get in.
And they gather.
All ten or fifteen of them.
Well, actually, it's more than that.
We had 400 of them in 1998.
The first, what the so-called.
But those were the people who really believed
that was the year 1998.
We know that this year is really 1998.
Anyway, here is the story,
Hippie Filled Wisteria.
Susie the floozy had always loved hippie-filled wisteria
with its curvy, clever chem toilets.
It was a place where she felt frobbed.
She was a topless, irrepressible guru-pee drinker
with brobding nagging breastises and knobby penises.
Her friends saw her as a homely, happy hooker
with a heart of gold.
Once, she even jumped into a river
and saved a little dog named Snuckles.
That's the sort of woman she was.
Susie walked over to the window and reflected on her.
She was in her frob-redolent surroundings.
The smoky air teased like a geeking prairie squid.
Then she saw something in the distance,
or rather, someone.
It was the figure of Old Sequa.
Old Sequa was a schizophrenic, prehistoric turtle
or testudine with appetizing breastises
and indescribable penises.
Susie gulped.
She was not prepared for Old Sequa.
As Susie stepped outside and Old Sequa came closer,
she could see the joyous glint in his eye.
Old Sequa gazed with the affection
of 9,000 paranoid, greasy great jaggies.
He said in hushed tones,
I love you and I want sex.
Susie looked back even more horny
and still fingering the slimy pipe.
Old Sequa, I like reptiles,
but you're a little old for me, she replied.
They licked her.
They licked each other with stoned feelings,
like two lively late lizards
gagging at a very over-sexed ex-day,
which had anti-music playing in the background
and two hungry uncles ramming to the beat.
Susie regarded Old Sequa's appetizing breastises
and indescribable penises.
I feel the same way, revealed Susie with a delighted grin.
Old Sequa looked enslackened,
his emotions blushing like a punji-putrid pea-shooter.
Then Old Sequa came inside for a nice drink of gurrupee.
Gurrupee.
It's hard to pronounce. Gurrupee.
Gurrupee.
I was having...
You can't say it too slowly or it becomes a bad word.
Gurrupee.
Now, speaking of wisteria and ex-day,
there is a festival after ex-day,
an even bigger one, called Starwood,
in the same place, except that since the world is going to end,
we'll have to move Starwood to our escape vessel.
Yes. Yes.
But at any rate, I can't give prices on the air,
but let me put it this way.
If you are a salesman,
a subgenius, a dues-paying subgenius,
and you look at starwoodfestival.com
or subgenius.com events page,
you will find a way that you can save quite a bit on a Starwood ticket.
Starwood, like I say, is right after ex-day festival
at the same campground in southern Ohio,
real close to Athens.
And it's a much bigger festival.
As it says here,
this is a truly Dobbs-approved deal for a festival that's as weird as,
but not as crowded as, Burning Man and the like.
Great bands every night,
nutty workshops all day.
Many subgeniuses, including me,
have met their true yeti mates at Starwood.
And of course, it includes a subgenius devival led by yours truly.
On Saturday afternoon, before the start of the festival,

Bob and his band, the
The Big Star Bands and the Enormous Bonfire Climax.
Bob himself has even been known to show up.
So if you're interested in a special deal,
this is for subgeniuses only,
and see, you'll have to email me
to get the special deal from we.
Yeesh, that's card-carrying subgeniuses.
Right.
Which may or may not include Lonesome Cowboy Day.
He's just a very tall guy,
but I'd liked to be in this feeling with him,

and just face him today,
and just see what he's all about.
But then for three days,


to have just more out of the done и
to have that dying fall

which I'll talk about now after I finish this,
which I'm sure you'll now have time to do and


send it over,
get it on surranderm Pyros True eureka!
That's right.
And we've heard romantic Musik
about the Hebrews through some 모 calle
to go and then Argentina in.
These Walter Hallatellis his Ar Omar's
EFPC Mike będę

ipe
The British
The Tudors?
Yeah, I don't like them
What do you have against turtles, man?
Well, the necks
The floppy, squeezy necks
And the congenital syphilis of the brain
Which I wrote this song about
Yeah, yeah, what about the song?
What do all the world
All the world's leaders
All got one thing in same
No, the same
I'm sorry, I have to start again
All the world's leaders
All got one thing in same
See, I keep on saying it wrong
I'm sorry
They got congenital syphilis of the brain
And then I turn around, two to four
Congenital syphilis of the brain
Congenital syphilis of the brain
Congenital syphilis of the brain
So
Someday before I get
A tumor on the back of my neck again
I plan to
Have a party
And record that song
A jamboree
A hoedown
A hootenanny
Yeah, that's got a real ring to it, Dave
Congenital sickness of the brain
Congenital sickness of the brain
Yeah, I like that, it's catchy
And then, you know, it's got
And then you hear the single maracas shaking
Or maybe two
Just like a little bit of air there
And stuff like that
And then you hear those
Like tinny trumpets
Like in the Latin bands of the 30s
Like that
Something like that, you know
That's very songful
Yes
It sounds like you've got it all
All ready to
You've got it all planned out
Yeah, all you have to do is find somebody
Who can sing and play guitar
Yeah, and somebody stupid enough to
Yeah
Actually, I've been playing
You playing guitar in the background
We've been playing the Witch Disco
Well, it's the Witch Disco album
Oh, I love that album
Me too
So much
So much
So much
So much
















That was back in the day
Well, it sounds like we've been real creative, Dave
Because you wrote a song
Well, I didn't exactly
I just read two short stories on the air
That a computer wrote with me
So you had to
Enlist the aid of the computer
Well, Philo told me about
A thing called plotgenerator.com
And I went to plotgenerator.com
And I said
Alright, we have a team
And they have a logister



They ask you to nail your first album
It's probably theボставь
That obviously
You do
All they call the lowest







It's a 19
It's going to be
Ah
18
My con.
Really good
Is it down here
Of course
80
Now it's

Honestly, I'm not sure

I feel we don't mercided them
To produce the album
After I did, I did one, this one stars Princess Wee.
And it's really more like the, it's not a short story.
It's like a blurb that you would see on the back of a book.
And this book is called Galactic Slack Pipe Wars.
Now remember, this was written by a computer just using a few nudges from me.
And here's the story.
It's about three paragraphs.
A long, long time ago in a slack, slack galaxy,
after leaving the faster than light planet, planet X,
a group of exos fly towards a distant speck.
The speck gradually resolves into an exos space cult compound.
Civil war suddenly strikes the galaxy, which is ruled by Bob Dobbs,
a subgenius overman capable of brainwashing and even slacklessness.
Terrified, a holy pink known as Ivory,
Ivan Stang flees the empire with his protector, Princess Wee.
They head for Dobbstown on the planet Earth Farm One.
When they finally arrive, a fight breaks out.
Wee uses her slack pipe to defend Ivan.
Wee and Pink Ivan decide it's time to leave Earth Farm One
and steal an escape vessel to shoot their way out.
They encounter a tribe of normals.
Princess Wee is attacked and the Pink Ivan is captured by the normals
and taken back to Earth Farm One.
The pink Ivan and Princess Wee return to Dobbstown.
Wee must fight to save Pink Ivan,
but when she accidentally unearths a demonic minister's card,
the entire future of the slack faster than light galaxy is at stake.
It even provided a computer reviewer named Enid Kibler who said,
quote, a subgenius overman, a tribe of normals and a holy pink.
Haven't we seen this somewhere before?
So
Okay, story time is over, kids
It's all gonna be facts
A robo-adult
Like that
Oh, boy
I'd give that necromancer
A solid F plus
Right
Well, in the first place
It says stuff backwards sometimes
Just to show that it can use the word
And I thought, you know, it's going along so swimmingly
And so wonderful and nice
And then all of a sudden it's like
I am a computer for like a brief second
So
That's my criticism
But I think you should write all your releases without you
Well
Now, if
I like to think that if I
Just read one of those cold
I'd suspect quickly
That it was computer generated
On the other hand
Most actual people
Cannot write
As clearly
As that messed up
Bizarre short story
Yes
As we know
It brings to mind the
Automated people who call you up
To try to get money out of you some way
And talk to you as if they know you
And say, do you mind if I just take a little bit of your time
And you say, I'm not interested
I'm sorry, I didn't hear that
They say, I'm sorry
Could you repeat that?
No, those are calls that you get, aren't they?
Because I don't
Ever pick up the phone
In fact, last week
I'm getting these on the empathic hotline
Actually
I can sense these messages coming in
I have my own message machine
In my brain
I have an MP3 player
Inside my head
Head
Yeah
Actually, Dave
You know, the Subgenius Foundation
Telephone answering machine
Always gets a lot of
Calls from incoherent drunks
But during the last month
Man, I don't know
I guess Mercury must have been in
Retrograde
Because we got
Double the number of incoherent
Drunks late at night
On the message machine
Or it was spring and a full moon
Right
Or it could be Russian
Syndrome in Russia
I used to like to talk about how
The winters would be so, so very harsh
That the first
You know, when it started going above 65 degrees
Or something like that
Everybody would take off all their clothes
And run around and get so drunk
That they'd have all these mortalities
From alcoholism
And some of them
Just from being bare naked
I guess it was enough to kill them
Well, now X-Day's not always like that
It isn't?
No, no
A lot of X-Day drills
It's hot
It's blistering hot
It's been a couple of years
Other times it's
Yeah, like you say
Frozen, you know, rivers
And naked alcoholics
Jumping in deliberately
Yeah, just like TSLA used to talk about
A whimslet of naked drunk alcoholics
Well, that's a weak comment
Well, apparently they must get
They must have a lot of spare time
In the trailer court on Saturday nights
Because that's when I get the drunkest
Most childish, silly
I mean, talk
Really incoherent
I mean, talk
Really incoherent stuff
So
It's stinky
If you're one of those callers
And you're listening, friends
Man
There's
You're not the only one
Let me just put it that way
Really
Yeah
These overly sequined pinks
Have totally given up the alacrity
To become human beings
And have inter
Intercontextual context
And intercourse with other humans
On a non-verbal level
He
Because now all they do
Is on Saturday night
They bring the booze home
Go on a computer
Or Facebook
And get stupid on everybody else
Then they can't see them
So they can punch them in the face
Right?
Oh, yes
There was
It's very sad
Some explanation
Very, very sad
Of that
Now I can't find my
I had the explanation for that
It had to do with
The lack of a sufficient number
Of large enough penises
It makes people very insecure
And they act out
And act up
On the internet
And
You know
It's habit forming
Actually
Much like short people
Oh, hey, hey, hey, hey
You're not short
I'm a half an inch shorter than
Oh, you didn't want anyone to know that
I'm half an inch shorter than average
And I'm really, really sensitive about that
Okay
You are not
Are you really?
Well, no
Actually, I'm quite a bit short
More than half
Well, I don't know what average is
It's a fiction is what it is
Average is a fiction
It's a convenient
Mathematical calculation
Yes
Yeah
Yeah
That's all it is
And people should stay away from statistics
Because they can be skewed
By the correct skewer
You know how to skew things, right?
You can make anything
Seekable
And plausibly true
Doesn't mean it will ever happen
Oh, here's a good quote
That relates to skewing
Oh, no
I think he meant screwing
Slack is like skewing
I mean, whatever
The more you put in
The more you pull out
Dr. Legume said that
Naturally
Yeah
He's got a vociferous tongue
When it comes to those sexual hourums
Hourums?
What's an hourum?
Yeah, what's an hourum?
I don't know, but they're usually diverse
When they're called for in old Shakespeare plays
Diverse hourums
Oh
I always thought it was
You know, one of those liberal spellings of alarms
But what do I know?
It doesn't have anything to do with an algorithm, right?
No, hourums
Hourum, okay
You know, if I was Dr. Philodrumon, you know, you know how many hours a day you're taking a nap?


I would quickly look it up on my little smartphone and then say what it was as if I knew it
Of course
That's what you should do
Last week's hour of Slack was mostly Philo sounding really, really well
He actually is very well educated
He's an overman
He knows almost everything
But not everything
Dr. Hal knows everything
And in order to keep up with Dr. Hal and sound even smarter
Philo will often read from Wikipedia on his show
But he doesn't tell you that's what he's doing
And he's good at making it sound like he's just, you know, dropping these facts off the top of his head
That's why he's an overman and we're just a bunch of proles
It's real simple
Yep
You don't have to know this stuff
All you gotta do is have the right stuff
And when you do that, the world is your oyster
Or some sort of clam or something, I don't know
Dave, you
The world is your monster
And you're a...
A day, all day, all night job
You work for the new...
With the news media in some capacity, right?
Yes
Now, am I wrong or is, for instance
CNN terribly disappointed when, say, in Cleveland
When there's protests like there were this weekend
There isn't a terrible bloody riot
The reason I say that is
Starting this...
On Saturday, I was...
I don't do the television news, but I read the news
And I happen to notice that on the CNN conspiracy website
Their biggest headline was protests in Cleveland
As if they were dying
They were just dying to be able to say that there was bloody head-bashing
And terrible this and that
Violence in the streets
And today, they seemed so...
So disappointed and just...
It was driving them crazy
That they had...
They were forced to say, instead
Streets calm
And they dropped that...
They dropped that like a hot potato
As soon as they realized there wasn't anything really bloodthirsty
But up until then, it was as if they were doing all they could
To help make that something terrible happen
Well...
I guess it sells ads or something, but I mean...
Well, it's...
Well, maybe...
Maybe it's the ads
I think the fact that it's a selling story
Because we were told throughout the week
To wait
Because we are within the confines of the area
Of the zone here in northeastern Ohio
To see what the...
Wait for the verdict
Get ready
Everybody get ready for the verdict
Going to be another Hoopersville
Right
Or something like that
And...
Or Baltimore
Right
Which it was not
Right
But I don't understand myself because...
I don't know if I should say this or not
But I think...
I think those officers...
Maybe one in particular was quite guilty, yeah, but...
Well, it's a little funny that they kind of go...
Well, since we can't prove that any one single officer fired the killing shot
Then we're going to let them all go
Because, you know, come on
You know, anybody can make a mistake
Come on
It boggles the mind
And so I would predict in a normal city something might happen
Sometime, but I don't know
Well, I...
Like CNN, I'm...
All I'm going to say is that it seemed to me that CNN was really eager to have something bloody and horrible to report on
And then when they didn't, it was like, oh, they were so sad
That's the news media, man
They want you to be as paranoid and scared about the weather
About your neighbors
About going outdoors
Everything
Never at all
They just want to work you
They want to work you up
I was out on the street
All weekend
Everyone knows that old anachronism
It's an anachronism, it's not an anachronism
It's a truthful statement
If it bleeds, it bleeds, you know
Right, if it bleeds, it bleeds
And bleeds in that context is spelled B-L-E-D-E-S
Which, in the same way lead is spelled L-E-D-E
Which says, you know, you're not going to be able to do anything
And you're going to be able to do anything
That doesn't make any sense
Which shows you that the journalistic racket is full of crackpots, neosympathizers, confluent
and congruent thinkers, and a bunch of bad apples in a pear sauce
Oh, you left out auto spell
Auto spell
Yeah, auto spell corrections
That's why you see so many apostrophes these days
There is a subgenius who got so fed up with seeing unnecessary apostrophes that he said,



you know, because so many po-buckers don't want to look dumb
So they went in doubt, put an apostrophe
That way you look smart
So this one subgenius said
I forget which one
He said he's going around
He got so used to seeing excess apostrophes
That when he sees like the plural of a word without an apostrophe, he adds one
He said he almost got the crap beat out of him

Because he did that to a store
Like he, you know, like say it said
Say it was two cousins hair salon
He had to go and add an apostrophe to the
Two cousins
But he put it in between the N and the S
So that it was especially wrong
Actually he didn't do that
There's a shop like that on Probability Pasture Road down the street from my house
I drive by that two cousins with the
Apostrophe between the N and the S
Two cousins hair salon every week
And I so want, you know, part of me wants to correct it
But now I'm getting to where when I see things done correctly, they look wrong
Yes, me too
I go past places says Otto's exit
And it has Otto apostrophe S
Every time I see it, they make me think too hard
They make me go through too many things
They make me feisty
They make me angry
They go, well, what a bunch of shit
And now they get me into ignoring it
Now they get still registered
Every time I see it though, it's like Otto
Would you say that
And now I want to correct it
Would you say that you're what they call a grammar Nazi?
No, but I'll tell you one thing about Otto's spell
If you're in the news business
Used and sued will not correct
So if you say somebody used something
And you, you know, had the little old dyslexia thing while you were typing fast
And said so-and-so sued somebody
You are the big heap of pool water
Well, there, there, there
Here, here, here
Two, two, two
Well, well, well
No, there's only one well
There's three twos and two there's
And what was the other one?
I don't know
I don't know





Anyway, you know what I mean
A bunch of hooey
Most people spell bears for T-H-E-I-R-S
T-H-E-R-E-S
Well, you left out the apostrophe
Bears
T-H-E-I-R apostrophe S
That's the way the new spelling is
I even see people in opulent costumes
With big huge haircuts and stuff like that
Someone got like purple sequins on their face and stuff
Using this to spell bears
And I'm like, what's the same mis-
Mis-
Incorrect
Using this
And it really, really furigates me
I don't know what I'm gonna do next
It irrigates you?
It irrigates my nostes, my fungal canals, and all the tubes I've got going
Man, I could go into my irrigations and tubes, but I'm not gonna describe my Friday
On the air
Oh, come on, man
I see an idyllic setting like children are playing birds or flying around in between
their legs
Maybe nipping at the wrong parts of their bodies
It was like that, yeah
It's like snow
It's like Summerland
Yeah
Like Distraction Town
No, it was not last
In Glandlandistan
Glandlandistan
No, Glandlandistan
Oh, I understand
That's actually the name of a real place
That's the name of the country that Princess Wee and I are exploring and colonizing in
the planet Minecraft
We have a land called Glandlandistan and we're building Distraction Town there
It's based on Stang Ranch
I think that's very noble
Yeah
Do you do?
Actually
Distraction Town?
Now, Dave, we were bragging about X Day coming up and we sure hope there's some way that
you can be there some of the time to do shows with Hal and me
And Philo
And Philo's going to be there and maybe Bishop Joey from the Church of the Last Lamp
Really?
Yeah, and he's actually in his real life, he's a famous San Francisco mime troupe guy
So imagine how good a mime professional would be on a radio show
Oh, wow
You'd be the greatest
You're on the stage
As Wellman said last week, he just learned that from a record
Anyway, I'm going to go to bed
Anyway, we were bragging about this year Starwood is giving a special deal to subgeniuses
where it's like less, way less than half price to go to all week long Starwood Festival if
you're a subgenius
Card carrying Starwood, subgenius only
And you know, I have to come up with a sermon every year, once a year I have to come up
with one sermon because the only people who want to hear me preach for a whole hour are
the people at Starwood
And they actually pay for it
You start it a year beforehand and you finish it the night before
Well, sort of
I decided that this year I'm going to do my sermon on the subject of astrology and autism
Well, they go hand in hand like birds of a bush together
Well, I think they were talking about it and an anti-vaxxer was going to...
try to speak there, I don't know if that's going to happen or not
It's absolutely not going to happen, no way
Well, what I thought...
Well, you know, some of these people are really crazy, you know, they think that vaccinations cause autism
But obviously it's astrology causes autism
Not so much astrology, but parents who have their kids' charts read before the age of five
They really shouldn't do that
I've been doing some research and for instance, like say a kid is born in Aries
Say he's in Aries, well, he runs a risk of autistic... general... generalized autistic disorder
Gemini's, if parents have their Gemini kids' chart read before the age of five, good chance of Asperger's syndrome
Virgo leads to PDD or pervasive developmental disorder
Scorpios get...
Tourette's syndrome, Aquarius gets childhood disintegration disorder and so forth
How about Libra? Please man, tell me
Now, vaccinations actually do cause Tourette's syndrome
And that probably explains a lot of right-wing talk shows and web forums
Well, yeah, over-vaccination can do that for the flocks and the pollocks
But what about...
The funny thing is there are some things that cause a risk of autism
There have been shown to maybe increase the risk of autism
And unfortunately for the parents, it's not the conspiracy doctors giving you a vaccination
It's things like your alcohol consumption, your obesity, your diabetes
And ironically enough, measles can help...
Seriously
Childhood having measles can increase the odds of your kid being autistic
Now, I'm not being funny exactly here
Because I've got a... Princess, we and I have autistic friend
We have a real good friend who's extremely autistic
Yes
We talk to him...
He's the only other person besides you, practically, that we talk to every week
Now, it's a somewhat more monotonous conversation
But it makes a little more sense
I mean, it's the same conversation every time
But it makes more sense than this show
Because basically, are you guys going to eat...
We're going to have dinner next week again
Yeah
That's not the way he says it
He says it in his own language
But we know what he's saying
And we always go, yes, we'll have dinner with you again
And in his own way, he says, are you going to call...
Is my dad going to call you and make sure?
And we go, yeah
Your dad will call me on Thursday
And I have the same conversation pretty much every week
Several times
But what I'm saying is I'm not making fun of autism
But I might be making fun of anti-vaxxer superstitious numbskulls
No offense
No offense to the new age superstitious numbskulls out there
Of whom I know quite a few of them, too
That's why I hang out with the autistic kid
Instead of the superstitious numbskulls, mostly
I often wondered what would happen if you would interject a few insane giggles
Like the mad professor type thing
Yeah
In between, instead of saying, dad will call you on Thursday
Say, dad will call you on Saturday
And then add a couple, like maybe three giggles right in a row
And then go, oh, like that
Well, you know why I talk this way?
It's because my parents vaccinated me
They gave me, I had smallpox vaccination, polio
Remember, Princess, we, and you, I bet you're probably old enough
Did you get polio shots?
Or have they come along with the polio LSD sugar cube?
Yeah, they did come along with the sugar cube
But everybody else had Titan buns worrying about needles and stuff like that
I was in the transitional year for those
And it was a wonderful time for the kids
Got to play with our plows and bed our plows
Never mind, I still make some comment about the military industrial complex
But once again, the fungicides are so strong, that's all I can smell
So I just let it go
The fungicides
They're necessary, but they're, they're...
They're very odorous
And clampy
They make my face all red every time I take a shower
And damaging
Well, you're not supposed to rub this stuff into your flesh like that
Well, I don't, they just dip me
Princess, we, and the helpers come and dip me in the fungicide
Oh, I thought that was a baptismal font, but it's really a fungicide
Why not both? Hey, man, it's both
We, we, we, we vaccinate the kids and baptize them at the same time
In the subgenius vaccination baptism
I don't know what that's called

Of sheep dip, basically, is what it is
It's not really a vaccina...
My vaccination is when my food falls on the floor and I pick it up and eat it anyway
Yeah, right
Actually, I got that from Potter Nostril
But it works, you know
Nose pickers get, or have much stronger immune systems than non-nose
Well, not nose, anybody can pick their nose, but booger eaters
It's booger eaters
Booger eaters have much stronger immune systems than non-nose

No, no, no, you're being silly again
No, I'm not being silly
There was a study, a medical study done in England about that
You want me to buy the whole article
Think about it, it makes sense
You know, your nostril hairs are filtering all these impurities
But some of them, you know, a little bit, little samples get caught in the boogers
Which are salty
And, you know...
Well, now I have to give up eating boogers...
Well, you can't pick your friend's nose
Because I'm gonna get high blood pressure again
Right
I have to worry about my high blood pressure, which just was recently contracted from, what, eating boogers?
No, no, no, from not eating enough boogers
Oh
Yeah, I don't know if this is actually...
I think I'm gonna have to try that
You should probably watch, because obscenity isn't necessarily bad words, it can just be disgusting thoughts
I know, I'm like ready for a bucket right now
Yeah
Of snuffers?
Disgusting!
Yeah, I was thinking about...
Not to throw up in
Oh, throw up in, I was thinking about, you know...
Of boogers, yes
A bucket to drink?
Oh, no
America's favorite project today is little boys and girls your age eating buckets of snuff
So join with them right now
Come on, moms, come on, dads, let's have some boogers
Don't eat your boogers now, they'll give you autism









You'll get the autism if you didn't...
And the guy...
Quit picking your nose and quit chewing your fingernails
You don't get the autism
And the guy who's serving up the boogers, the dad, looks just like Bob Dobbs, you know what I mean?
That's what I hate about those old PSAs
They always show a guy who looks just like Bob Dobbs
No, fuck
He's got a pipe while he's bending over to rearrange the dressing wounds on his child, numerous
You're assuming that's not Bob, you're assuming it's a guy who looks like Bob, why can't it...
Half of those are Bob Dobbs, that's why we know who Bob Dobbs is
He's that pipe smoking guy that was in all those magazine ads and TV ads and cigarette ads and especially pipe ads and hammock ads
PSAs for mom and dad and the kids, they had the Connie, was the mom in the USA that was Connie or is Connie?
Usually, well, oftentimes, Bob worked a lot more as a model
If it's got a pipe, there's a benefit in that
It's about 50-50, and that haircut, it's about a 50-50 chance it's J.R. Bob Dobbs that posed for that old radio or ad
Where you can see the pipe, you know
Now, one who is not Bob is that Insight commercial guy
That's somebody, one of the many, many Bob wannabes, I'm a Bob's, we call them
Where they don't, you know, they want everybody to go, yeah, that's funny, like Bob Dobbs

Bob Dobbs
But of course they don't want to pay royalties or anything like that
Right, meaning you're going to be poor forever
But that guy does, after the first commercial, he stopped using the pipe probably because their lawyer went, uh, there's some dudes down in Texas or Ohio or someplace that could probably cause us some trouble if they could afford lawyers
So let's take the, let's lose the pipe
But if you lose the pipe, it's not bad, it's not bad if you lose the pipe
Well, I've just, that's just what our legal department says
I'm really glad to impress Reverend Stang by making that stupid actor in those, those sex pills look like bad
There's a lot of, uh, wannabes out there
Here's something, here's something Bob said about I'm a Bob's
Quote
If you can't make it as a prophet, scholar, artist, philosopher, media consultant, comedian, radio host, fortune teller, ascended master, trance medium, or panhandler, there's always alternative medicine
So, you know, the losers still have one field where they can go and succeed and get, you know, be respectable among, well, other superstitious numbskulls and ninnies
Alternative medicine
Oh, I'm gonna get it
Don't, don't hit me, Princess Wee
Princess Wee likes many alternative medicine
I know you do too, Dave
Well, if they work, I'd rather have them than somebody injecting them with a needle or giving them to me
What about the, uh, what about the third alternative? Health! Alternative!
I'd rather have that than have the medical community use me as a guinea pig
Sorry, Reverend Stang
You'd rather not have them?
I'd rather use natural methods than have them test their drugs on me

I don't think you understand the scientific method, Princess Wee, and I think that's a big problem with many, many Americans and other human beings
Well, a bigger problem is that the pharmaceutical companies do not understand the scientific method either
Oh, no, no, of course not
It's the completion of tests, which is why they have the three-hour long disclaimers at the end of all their products
Oh, they're totally lying cheap!
They go leading to the idea of the limit, and they call it insanity
Oh, you can, you can, yeah, you...
Huh?
You know our old friend Jesus Bevilacqua, before he had the hippie bookstore, he had a degree
He was a disclaimer
He had a degree in, uh, some area of medicine, and he went to work for a company that tests drugs for other companies who make drugs
And, uh, after he finished, it was some heart drug, and he, he was, uh, involved in the testing
And when it was done, he went to his boss and said, this is a true story
He said, uh,
I hate to tell you, this medicine is really not as good as the existing one
And they went,
Oh, what?
What?
Well, forget, just say it is, say it's just as good
He went, but it's not
And they're going, do we have to spell it out to you?
We're being paid to test this
Do we have to spell it out for you?
You know, I was, I've, yeah, that's what they, that's what, that's what the, uh, that's what the people in suits say
When you come to them and go, hey, there's no black people in this, uh, travelogue
Do I have to spell it out to you, Doug?
Hey, this medicine doesn't really work at all
We can't give it our per-
Do I have to spell it out to you, Steve?
Yes, I've been exposed to this as well
Right, yeah, and, uh, that's why Jesus Bevilacqua quit the medical industry and became a hippie bookstore owner and then a assistant sacred scribe
Yes siree, Bob
And that's why I turned down the job of becoming a, uh, up and coming business film editor in Dallas
Because that anti-Semitic racist boss man thought I'd make a good partner for him
Just because I happen to know how to shoot a movie and edit one and write a script
He needed somebody working for him who knew how to make movies
He was good at selling movies
He was good at selling the good old boys on what they, you know, he, they didn't have to spell it out to him
No
Well, you have to spell it out to me, friends, and when you do, I quit
So there, somebody actually has some minor tiny bit of integrity stuck under their big toenail where it's irritating me
And it's, and it's time to quit this stuff and go work on my toenails
It's almost 10 o'clock
Well, that I've understand it
Here I am
I'm saying, spells it all out for you right there in front of your face
I have to spell it out for you
You're in Dutch deep trouble
Yeah
You think too much, you think too little, well, it's all the same
The company line, the product line, that's the only line
The line is a line, but we're lying to you right now
We're not really, well, we're lying to you
But
That's why I think we, Bob
But we admit that we're lying to you
So we're the only honest religion
Well, why not be?
If there's only one, then that means you've got the market cornered
Friends, we're making fun of anybody who can't tell we're making fun
And therefore, we're also making enemies
If you took any of this at face value, you flunked the common sense test big time
And you need help, so check out subgenius.com
And tune in next week on the hour of the hour
Hour of Slang
From the church of the subgenius
Praise Bob
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah
Oh boy
And with that
Sounds like a lunatic asylum over there
Yah, yah, well
That's us
Oh yeah
Okay
Well, I just wanna say that I'd like to see Bob
with a pipe burning hot
full of coals of tobacco
bend over to touch
little Linda's garlic slipper
and, you know,
correct his daughter there
and have the ashes
fall all over her
and the little boy
and the dog, too.
And then Mom got
some on her foot
and Bob laughs
as they all scream
how much they hate him.
Gorshk.
All right, okay.
Gorshk.
And so the day
Dave is faded out
and actually the Dave music
comes up
and we go out.
Your music in the background here
is Einstein's Secret Orchestra.
Praise Bob.
Houston, you're looking good here
right down the center line.
Friends, we're glad
you listened to this show
and we're even more glad
that some listeners
have done this
and donated enough
to help us keep on going
for another couple of months.
Not just this show
but subgenius.com
and all the other archive sites.
But if you truly love Bob
and want some of that
slack back to rebound to you,
you should go to
subgenius.com front page
or especially the radio page
or the catalog store pages
and help out financially
as best you can.
Now, we know what it's like
to be on the brink
of being a genius.
We're talking about
total poverty
and we don't want any subgeniuses
to make their own situations worse.
But some of you
still have jobs.
Even five bucks
makes a big difference
even if it's only once a month
from enough of you.
Fifty bucks makes
an even bigger difference.
All we're saying is that
blowjobs could go the way
of Steve jobs
if you don't pay Dobbs.
We also take checks
and money orders
to subgenius.com
and the genius foundation.
P.O. Box 181-417
Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118
Thanks for anything you can do
to help let there be slack.
