Here now, here now, here now, dear friends.
It's worth staying up for.
But first...
I'd like to know if he starts the singing.
Yeah.
Is it ready?
All right.
Three days ago.
Okay, here we go.
The demons you may see during the initial hallucination sequence are not real.
If you do not panic, this phase will end after a few minutes.
Always resurface from the hypnosis slowly.
Coming out of the tape has been likened to a total rebirth process, if managed successfully.
He knows that a creative fail is one in which the idea that leads to a purchase
generates in the mind of the salesman before it does in the prospect's mind.
He can create an appetite in the prospective customer.
Where are we, Bob?
The code is broken.
Trouble?
Big.
Security?
I have the lid on tight.
Well, take it off for me.
The message is, Mars needs women.
Before the sermon, a message concerning Bob Dobbs.
Living in the future.
The Avatar of Slack and Saint of Sales.
On Planet Lander.
Bob?
Ah, yes, dear friends.
This is Robert Ivanstein.
This is the subgenius radio ministry hour at Slack.
But, friends, I still haven't made it.
I'm late to the radio station.
I still haven't made it to the station.
I'm broadcasting from this little remote mic.
And I'm trying to get everything packed up together here at my house.
This is...
...the Bald glaubt of time-controlled laboratory.
He's got got this little...
...security system.
This.
...that little security system.
Turn off the fake revolving can.
Oh!
Wait...
I turned it on.
Okay.
Get these things working right...
These are the, uh....
Kitchens of the Bald oughta time-controlled laboratory...

You can see the little soles on the eyes over here that haven't yet been thawed out.
I heard friggin' bats.
There's a hole in here.
And over here we've got the slackless children who've been cast out of the home for slackless children
because you didn't send in your donations to the station, Fran.
Look at these poor little children.
What do you have to say to the people, children?
My tooth is loose.
Like my sandpit's loose now.
I got an ant bite.
Right.
A big old bug.
See, Fran, these are truly slackless children.
And these kids...
These...
These ant bites and these little bumps and bruises.
Now, Fran, you're not going to let these poor kids...
These are American kids.
You're not going to sit by and let these kids be in pain and slacklessness, are you?
You better call me Daddy.
Isn't that sweet?
These are only two of over 5,000 of them.
Because we have this amazing electronic babysitter here.
This...
This handsome robot.
You can hear it talking.
And he's going to make a million dollars.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
That's right, Fran.
He's going to make a million bucks.
Now he's inside the brain cavity of Doug Smith.
Ah, thank you.
Oh, you certainly are.
Oh, friends, friends, friends.
Oh, really?
Help me, somebody.
She ain't got no legs.
Pungle every guy you go.
My legs are on fire.
They smell praise dogs.
Ah, yes.
It's so good to be back in power, dear friends, on the mighty, the mightiest, the very mightiest.
And you can call the mightiest of the mightiest.
I guess I ought to quit saying that word every five minutes on this show.
828-9500 is the number to call if you want to save your soul, friends.
Not just this station, but your soul.

Your eternal soul.
So open your heart.
Close your mind.
Unzip your lips and bend over to pull out that wallet, friends, because you're going to receive the word of Bob.
Because this is the last hour of the last pledge drive of the last hour of slack.
If you don't, call 828-9500 and make that pledge.
And dear friends, that some already have, even before we got on the air.
Tom Norris, praise Tom.
Praise Tom.
Ha!
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah.
And you can call in and you can talk to the, there's some sexy ministers on the lines tonight.
Your prayer partners are here ready to receive your promise.
Your covenant with Bob, friends.
Why, the evil Dr. Zaphod here picked up.
He got one from Joseph Prowl for 200 bucks.
And I happen to know that that one's not a joke.
Now I know that, you know, not everybody can give that much.
You know, Dr. Drummond and I once talked about, you know, who means the most to Bob?
Is it the little old lady who can, who, you know, doesn't have anything at all to her name, but she donates a quarter, her last quarter?
Or does, or is Bob more impressed with the rich man who could give a million dollars?
But only gives 10,000?
We prayed on that, friends, and we realized that in Bob's eyes, that rich man is the only one that's going to get to heaven because he paid more money.
So I want you to call 828-9500.
I mean, you have to, not just that number, but 823-2490.
And, you know, when you pledge, when you pledge, you're showing that there is a listenership out there for the Hour of Slack.
And believe you me.
We need proof every minute.
This show causes this nice station more headaches than probably just about any other show.
And, you know, we've probably got more enemies than most shows.
So we need to prove that we have the friends, the dear, dear friends.
What is it you need here, sir?
Dr. Zaphon.
I just wanted to make a correction, Reverend Stank.
Oh, okay.
Go ahead, Dr. Zaphon.
Yeah.
Well, I just wanted to say that this, this brawl guy who didn't pledge $200, he pledged $199.99 because he heard on the last show, heard the last time around that Reverend Stank was going to meet anybody who pledged $200 at a motel on Harry Hines.
And it said he was down there and met you on Harry Hines last week for the parade.
Hey, wait a minute.
That was supposed to.
And he said he wasn't going to give $200, but he'd give $199.99.
Oh, so he thought.
Well, he gets the penny tip, huh?
Yeah, well, right.
Speaking of cheap hotels on Harry Hines, we just heard from a dear, dear friend when we didn't see at the parade.
I don't know why.
But the, oh, Reverend Ann, we feel your prayers.
And that ain't all we'd like to.
Well, I don't want to go into that.
Let's go on.
Friends, like for that $40 that Reverend Ann sent in, what's the, what's the, what's the price?











I mean, you get everything.
You get the K&ON t-shirt.
You get the newsletter.
You get, oh, oh, oh, and I mustn't forget, folks, when you call 828-9500, you also get for free.
I mean, no matter what, how big your pledge is, you get an application to the church, the church itself of the subgenius.
A membership application to this church.
And just the application alone.
I mean, you think the Scientologists had a long questionnaire.
Wait until you see this one, friends, and you're going to see questions on there that you thought you had only asked yourself.
It'll be the first time anyone else ever asked you these questions.
But we got to sell you, friends.
We're not just going to sit here and talk.
Bob said we had to party.
Didn't he?
Didn't he?
He said we had to party.
He didn't say we could.
He said we had to.
And so we must also sell.
Praise Bob and thank you.
It's a significant amount.

We all heard.
Psst.
Are there destroyed?
The lid's off.
Yeah.
Squeaky clean.
The only way to do a show.
Oh.
Hmm?

Hmm.
Hey, King.
Watch Shaker.
Buy everything.
Come on.
Get up off that chair.
Follow me.
Ready?
Go.
The Soap Genius.
Our own sidewalk.
We're staying up late.




We're late for, wouldn't you say?
Definitely.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.


Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Keep it up.
Up.
Up.
Your time is up.







Aren't youwallowing un claimed TV,addzzo, and called the inoperating program for the
Portuguese geek, Gadun, whose golden patch, or as it is known, a bird would, people could


He Moronnid, he hasn't been thrown over to pauạaii the history of science fiction as

George Moron, R主,
shaman the great yes your host reverend ivan stang and all the little elves who help us the
sexiest man on earth a young adonis who's irresistible to women i can't wait a moment
longer i've got to have sex with you the facilities are now enormous this is where
the young composer feeds a fragment of it into several tape recorders and gradually
hey okay okay okay very very you've had your now get on your knees on the floor and stuck
just like we said just like we said reverend ann now you can have something to sell we all know
we're in the art of selling we create a mental and an emotional climate of unconscious selling
you
right in your own home
when everybody sells we're all selling we all have something to sell yes everyone selling
together mighty symphony of prosperity for we all have something to sell well dear friend jr bob
dobbs isn't some outmoded overused deity from ancient fairy tales but a living bleeding deity
for today
the divinely appointed messenger of slack the mystic super salesman upon whose wheeling and
dealing skills the fate of this universe hinges born to humble parents somewhere in the midwest
the child bob experienced a traumatic close encounter with the ufo at the age of three
soon thereafter he began to exhibit strange powers of persuasion by age six he had made his
deaf-like mother of eight million almost by
you have to love bob you have to or else what happens if you don't love bob he'll kill
you robb you out
you herd it here first if you don't love you here to here first you heard it first you
heard it here first cos i love you she revelled� responsibility cough cough cough cough cough,


Oh, yes, dear friends.
Only if, you know, if you don't pledge, there's going to be more and more and more Reverend Stangs.
You're going to have to listen to it forever.
Can you imagine?
Dear friends, my gosh.
Let's get some spirit going here.
Look at those phones light up.
Oh, yes.
I like that old gold, friends.
Shake it off.
Shake it off.
Can you imagine a world without slack?
A world without the hour of slack?
And even almost as bad, a world without K&ON at all.
Because if you don't send some money by midnight tonight, you're going to be wishing to God you had or Bob.
Daddy, when are we going to get to listen to K&ON again?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Sweetheart, nobody sent in that pledge money.
I'm afraid, afraid we may never get to hear K&ON anymore after, after this.
I mean, they didn't give the money, but they promised.
But that's just like stealing.
That's right, friends.
Yeah, I guess it is.
Yes.

That's very sad.
Yes, that's right.

Don't cry.
Don't cry.
Okay.
Thank you so much for watching this video.
And, hey, maybe I restroomed it a little too long.
If you liked it, press like.



Bye bye.
Bye.
See you soon.

Bye.
Bye.
Bye.



You all sell.
Something to sell.
Everyone selling together.
Milk tree!
With Connie's encouragement, the young Dobbs became a salesman of legendary and almost frightening abilities.
Known to his peers as the man who could sell anything.
He worked his way up to the very top of the conspiracy ladder and might have saved him.
But.
But, dear friends.
But.
Listen to that.
And listen to this.
Oh, folks, I want you to get back on those phones and call in another pledge.
I mean, and don't just pledge money.
Pledge everything.
You can pledge credit cards.
That's right.
We'll take Visa or Master Charge here.
Listen.
Feel the spirit of giving, friends.
This is that wonderful time of year.
And if you can just call 828-9500 or 823-2490.
Oh, I'm sorry.
823-7490.
That's 823-7490.
Say that again.
Can you say that?
823-7490 or 828-9500.
Folks, and keep us on the air.
Not just the hour of slack.
But.
But.
But.
K-N-O-N and all the other shows that you like and that I like.
But.
But don't.
You know, we got a lot of subgeniuses out there that call in with their church names.
Their.
Their.
Their church names.
And see, the problem with that is if you don't give your real name also, or rather your human
name.
If you don't give your human name, the mail won't get to you.
Your subgenius church application form won't get to you.
Your K-N-O-N t-shirt.
If you had that large of a pledge.
Your K-N-O-N newsletter.
That won't get to you.
The post office, we have found out the hard way, as have many subgeni out there, that
if you don't tell the conspiracy your real name, they use that as an excuse not to give
you your due slack.
Just one of many, many excuses.
So watch out with the fake names.
But do call in with that Visa and MasterCard number.
Call in with that promise of a check or cash.
And look at these.
These names.
Look at these souls lining up for the harvest, friends.
Reverend Simon Lewis.
These are all ordained ministers.
The minute they call in, folks.
Reverend.
Oh, this is so inspiring.
Reverend Simon Lewis has given and given and given.
Reverend Shaman again and again.
He keeps giving and keeps giving.
Why, the phones, friends.
The phones are just.
They're on fire.
They're on fire with the spirit.
Well, not exactly.
I can.
See where a few more lines could be.
But don't.
Don't pledge and then not send the money when you get.
You'll get a reminder.
Many have asked, well, do I get the reminder?
Do I get my goods immediately?
Well, not exactly.
We give you a little bit of time to send it in on your own.
But you will get.
You will get everything, friends.
If you give us your name and correct address, why, Batman himself has just called in with
a tremendous pledge.
I can't say.
I can't say how much it would embarrass him.
I'm sure.
Oh, also the Wayne Manor.
The Mr.
Roberts.
Hmm.
A Mr.
Roberts.
I wonder.
I wonder.
Mr.
Bob, they say the what?
Dr.
Zajac.
Reverend Shaman again and again.
He is a 600 pound wrestler, folks.
He's if I if I use his real name, you'd flip out because you see him all the time on World
Championship Wrestling.
And the lovely.
The lovely Mandy Macademia, if that is a female.
The mighty Reverend Head.
Now, that's a subgenius name.
If ever I heard one, Reverend Head at the Green Carpet Theater, Ratcliffe, the Cliff of Rats,
the Boat of the Man.
They're all out there, friends.
But I haven't heard from you.
That's right.
You, Bill, or you, Frank, or you, sister.
What's your name?
But you see, when this show ends and it will.
Pretty soon.
When this show ends.
So does what, you know, is your reality.
Oh, hey, we're getting hot.
Down here, we're getting some more of our famous extra friendly ministers, Reverend and once again giving more and more.
And now I want you all to make good on these.
I mean, you know, financially and every other way.
But I mean, when this show ends, if you haven't helped the station.
What?
You know?
As reality is going to.
to come to a crashing halt.
You see what I mean?
We were playing that cheery music
because we wanted to be positive.
But you know, frankly friends,
positive thinking can kill you.
Look where positive thinking has gotten
most of the world so far.
People say, Reverend Stang, he's a pessimistic booger,
but frankly, I'm worried that my most pessimistic predictions
might turn out to have been, in the long run,
idiotically optimistic.
And our fear tonight is that you out there taping this show
will think, will think, oh well,
well they'll stay on the air or not,
whether I give or not.
But folks, if you don't pledge,
the world will literally, will literally come to an end
at the end of this hour.
If you, and I don't mean just some of you,
I mean you, the one listening right now.
Oh, you're laughing, you're laughing.
It's gonna collapse around your pathetic ears,
but you nihilistic teenagers out there,
oh no future, man, no future.
You know, that's why if the rival cult
that wants these airwaves had this hour,
they'd have raised 10,000 bucks by now.
And you know what they'd do with it?
They'd build concentration camps for the likes of you.
You abnormal, you, you punk, you.
You old hippie, you, you humanist,
you sub genius.
So friends, you know, the money isn't just
for the hour of slack, it's for the totality
that is K-N-O-N.
It isn't just for us mutants,
it's for your very mind, your very soul.
And you wouldn't believe how close your soul is
to being sold out.
Dear brother or sister, between your job
and the drugs and the lies, listen,
you need every bit of slack you can have,
and hang on to.
But we have a special form of slack
in store for you tonight.
Not stored in souls anywhere, folks.
And the type of slack you're gonna be getting is guilt.
Guilt, tonight we're gonna whip us up some guilt.
And some of you are saying, oh, well it's pledge time,
Reverend Stang's gonna rant all night about money.
And you'd better be afraid that that's true,
little Bobby, little gimme Bob out there,
because if you don't send that pledge by midnight,
by midnight tonight,
you're gonna be wishing to Bob that you had,
or whatever god you worship,
the start, fist, and removal knows
whether you did or didn't, friends.
You think I'm crazy?
You think I'm crazy?
That's what they say about me.
Well, call 828-9500.
Call that number, 828-9500,
or 823-7490,
and receive the word of Bob,
and keep K-N-O-N here.
Oh, how'd that go, you guys?
Was that any good?
At first, you will want to turn away from him.
Then, you may find him a silent,
unresisting target for your ridicule.
Stand up.
Stand up!
Turn around!
Mister, why's your head so big, mister?
But if you come to know him,
have you always been the way you are now?
You will begin to see beyond
the perversion of his form.
Are you in any pain?
Are your parents still alive?
And discover the beauty in the beast.
At no time have I met with such a perverted
or degraded version of a human being as this man.
I am not an animal.
At this level, our salesman can see the top of the ladder,
and is well on his way there.
Oh!
Click it.
datos
date
domains
anos
rei
launch
But what can you, a humble servant of Bob, do?
Bob, my friend, is the gun, but you are the bullet.
The showdown is fast approaching.
Though the church is still unknown to most,
Pink's, its infectious, ever-changing doctrines are spreading across the continents.
Church headquarters, the first Megafis Temple Lodge,
is housed in this Dallas skyscraper,
from which Dobbs' secret mandates are issued to his agents in the dreaded Brotherhood of Bob.
But this mighty edifice represents but the tip of a wandering rogue iceberg.
The words, hymns, and sound effects of Dobbs are disseminated on a weekly basis
to thousands of devout radio listeners in most major cities.
Even as far away as China.
Hello, this is subgenius talking from Beijing, China.
First, Bob, my name is Li Lijing.
I will tell you some funny story.
We know that humor is a technique of exaggeration, metaphor, and double-gloss.
It is a technique of exaggeration, metaphor, and double-gloss.
You have seen the real potential of humor in begin-ings between the

Right, what should we talk with the author instead?
The highly-demographic and version HU Three- healers from China.
Or a ratherieß en Unity Music.
Talkes about humor escaped from variety education and television scene.

Catherinericular history besides true kind and true fiction
Ah, buddy.
The church is most successful, dear friends.
Dear friends, when we get those bucks from you, and we're getting them, we're getting them, but we're not getting them fast enough.
I only see two lines lit up here.
Now, am I going to have to be like Dr. Gene Scott and just say, well, I'm going to play Chinese all night long if you aren't going to call in?
Is that what, you know, he gets on the air and plays his saxophone for three hours, and, you know, is that what it's going to come down to?
Well, I wanted to mention that that was the Pope of all China, Dr. Li Lijian.
And he was indeed telling a funny subgenius story in Chinese.
And I have to welcome to town, we've got a couple of the ambassadors, subgenius ambassadors to China, two of them.
Li Jing wasn't actually here last night, but over the weekend at the Buldada Time Control Laboratories,
we had the lovely high priestess of all Asia, including Japan, Miss Lian, and Hao Bing, who brought the cold weather.
You know, it snowed the other day.
Well, I hear you.
He's the reason why.
He's from way up there near Mongolia.
And here's an interesting thing.
And I'll tell you, after you call 828-9500 or 823-7490, why do I keep saying that?
823-7490 or 828-9500, you can, you know, we'll take that, we've got to have it, folks.
We have got to raise, to tell the truth, I've been told we have to raise a thousand bucks or that's it for the hour slack, you know.
Of course, that's what they say.
But here's the interesting thing.
This guy from China, yeah, more like 10,000.
This guy from China, Hao Bing, he got to talking to me about Kennedy's assassination.
It turns out that this guy from Beijing, China, was a Kennedy assassination buff.
And after, we talked about it for a long time, late last night, and he finally revealed to me that he personally suspects,
that Kennedy was not killed by Lee Harvey Oswald acting alone, but had actually been killed by a large, a conspiracy within the U.S. government.
And he was kind of letting me know that kind of under his breath.
He didn't want anyone else to know that he suspected this, you see.
So those of you listening out there who are subgeniuses and sent in your money to KNON,
but also paid to have it, you know, you're not going to get it.
You're not going to have Kennedy offed and to pay off the FBI.
Well, you know, maybe you should, I don't know, that wasn't a nice thing to do.
I took those Chinese driving around to see the Christmas lights of the rich people's neighborhoods of Dallas.
The people who never give to KNON.
And they'd never seen Christmas lights.
But I came across something real strange out there, folks.
Along with all the nativity scenes, there was something predicted in the book of the subgenius.
A Santa.
Nativity.
They finally are starting to get the record straight.
The birth of Santa Claus.
A tiny Santa Claus in a manger with an old Santa Claus with a halo bent over him.
And I thought, now that's a statement, folks.
That's a, that's, that's it.
When it is least obtrusive.
More important than all the media manipulation and celebrity ballyhoo.
The Reverend Ruggles Smedbeck over at the First Church of Mr. Science,
534 Revere Street, Revere, Massachusetts, 02151, I believe is the zip code there.
Anyway, if you want to write to them, they have their own magazine, Get Stupid Magazine, Fool Magazine.
Anyway, I was talking with the Reverend Ruggles Smedbeck last night.
He was a giant dog, and I was the dead Elvis Presley.
And it was very interesting seeing him in his dog incarnation.
Anyway, I'm not going to go too deeply into that now here,
because if you were to understand that,
then you'd probably understand everything.
So, instead, I just want to reiterate what we were talking about.
And that is the importance of time scratching.
Yes, friends, well, you know how your popular New York-style DJs will take a record
and they'll just scratch over it over and over again.
Well, we in the Church of the Subgenius are doing everything we can
to further the, the, the reaches of time scratching.
And, and the import of it is, is that we can take over.

We can take over the moment that we've enjoyed,
and we can scratch over the best parts of it over and over again.
Because, as you all know, Jehovah One, for instance,
tries to take from us at the peak moment, our peak experiences.
And what we can do is go back to these experiences in time
and scratch over them over and over again
until we gain as much as we can from the repeated,
the repeated ecstasy, you know, perc, squirt, piece moment.
Yeah, come on, come on, come on, come on.
So, you know, we can just scratch over it over and over again.
The point is, the point is you've got to call that 828-9500.
We can't time scratch anymore.
When, uh, the Reverend Ruggles smed back.
We need to, we need to get those pledges.
And right now it's, it's looking mighty bad.
It's looking poorly.
Now we have, we have been hearing from some people.
There's, uh, the Professor Richard Barham out there.
He didn't, he, he didn't have much to give, only $500.
But that's nothing to be ashamed of.
Uh, Caton Gates.
Huh!
Yeah, I, I, I, I.
That's, that's a huge one there.
Boy, friends.
But these, it's still, it's paltry.
It's paltry compared to what we really need, you know.
Free BAP rides every day.
Howdy, friends.
I'm Lord Jim Cravington for Medieval Motors,
your friendly truck stop and transportation in the Diet of Worms.
Friends, whether you're in the body or out to lunch,
we've got the Gryphon, the Minotaur,
or the sporty little camel leopard to suit your imaginary travel.
And gosh, what can I say about these little guys?
Yes, it's your all-new cardboard vampireettes,
the economy transport that's got them all guessing on the other side.
Well, we've got continents and peninsulas of new and used transfigurations
and a secret rose garden of perfect values.
So get your ass in gear and your oxen in here
so as we can trade indulgences and get you on your path.
Now, we're just a painful mile off the freeway of lost hope
at the intersection of down and out avenues in the Citadel of the Angel.
That's 828-98.
828-9500.
The good old boys are here tonight.
We'd like to welcome you down to the television mission.
Don't forget, if all you can do is sit at home,
then try to keep yourselves awake and dial the phone.
Call in for pledges.
Call in for pledges, yes.
Call in those pledges.
828-9500, 823-7490.
We have a lot of our special beauties answering the phones this evening.
Beautiful Dr. Zaphon.
And the best thing you can do is dial this number that you see on your screen
as quickly as you can with a contribution to the television mission.
That's right.
Don't forget to call in a pledge.
That's the hour of slack, 828-9500.
Talk about Jesus.
Well, you never know who's going to be here this evening.
That's right, friends.
Bob might be here.
Yes, when it's one.
I know you are, son.
Might be Jesus.
You never know.
I know it's one of the real positive qualities of the television mission is we just never
know who's going to drop by.
I mean, it's a lot of folks have been.
The band is here.
The band is getting set up.
The band is ready.
Okay, the band is ready, folks.
The band is ready.
And I'm here to tell you that it's time, ladies and gentlemen.
Buck naked and the Jaybirds.
I want you to hold on.
I want you to pause as long as you can because it's time you heard from Red Greenback and
the Blue Boys.
Oh, no, no.
I'm sorry.
Wait a minute.
That was the wrong.
Don't forget to call.
The number's on your screen.
828-9500.
Or, dear friends, 823-7490 to keep the hour of slack on the air.
And the one of Jesus standing underneath the bridge outside of San Antonio.
So, I gun my semi home to my baby's heart.
Well, I barely saw him thumbing in the rain, another hippie looking like he never did nobody
harm.
By the time I got my brakes on, I slowed her down and stopped and I looked around.
I got a ride with a woman.
I saw the tail lights of the Cadillac.
I picked him up, get smaller in the rainy dawn outside of San Antonio.
Come on.
Come on.
Jesus.
We want you to call 828-9500.



Come on, come on Jesus.
Come on, show yourself.
Show you care, Jesus.
Well, I chased them all that Saturday night.










Mexico just fell away, that woman never let nobody pass
They must have known I was behind them, eyes wide open, singing and shouting
Oh sweet Jesus, stop the gas
That woman kept on holding on, the big sky cracked and it drowned my song
And my rig and I broke down near Santa Fe
I thought I saw him waving as that Cadillac laid rubber smoking
Westward toward the desert and the city of L.A.
Come on Jesus, come on show yourself
Come on Jesus, come on show yourself
Well friends, Jesus hadn't showed up yet
But I'm sure he will show up soon

But the power of Bob is sure moving
We got Reverend Weatherly out there is going to get his subgenius membership pack
Because, or membership application I should say
Because he phoned in with that pledge for $828,9500
And that pledge for $823,7490,000,000,000
Can you believe it? Can you believe it?
And we've got here
Oh, they're still coming in folks
Somebody named, this can't be
A real doctor
A real doctor, a real doctor friend
Yeah, that was Dr. H. Stube Lewis
Don't call him
We got Lee O'Neill, we got Steve Atkins
We got Hal Hughes, we've got Howard Hughes
What, what?
We got Aaron Brucus, or Brucus
And friends you can talk to the real Will Frazier
You can talk, I mean this is, this is the Will Frazier
Answering phones for the hour of slack if you can imagine that

You can talk to the Reverend Zaphock, the Reverend Cecilia
You can hear these sexy voices talking to you
To you personally on the phone dear friend
But, but, but it's so sad because there's only three lines lit up now
What, what, what?
Hey
You mean they haven't sent any money to help the Stoichers?
That's funny
Isn't that just like stealing?
Oh, let me play that
You mean they listen to the hour of slack for free?
You mean they haven't sent any money to help the Stoichers?
Isn't that just like stealing?
Oh don't cry son, it's alright
I'm sure
We need more money!
Boy we sure do and we need it
It's so true, just listen to me
Listen to those slackless children
Those are kids from the home for slackless children
Begging you, begging you friends
Oh look at that, I only see a
Friend, you know, you know the, the way that you get a show at K-N-O-N
The problem is keeping it because if, you know, if they don't get the impression that there's a lot of people listening to this show
You know what's gonna happen, they're gonna put
They'll still let you have an hour of slack
Oh yeah, oh yeah
They'll still let you have an hour of slack friends
But they'll make you have it at 5 in the morning
You gonna, you gonna want to get up and get your slack at 5 in the morning friends?
Huh? Huh? Huh?
Well listen, that number to call is 823-7490
I wanna, I wanna see more calls, 823-7490
Or 828-9500
Do I have to act like Dr. Gene Scott and say look, uh, friend?
Boys and girls, I'm gonna have to just sit here and play my saxophone for full
Huh?
Wee, wee, wee, ah-ah, ah-ah, wee, wee, wee
The church is most successful when it is least obtrusive
More important than all the media manipulation and celebrity ballyhoo
Are the uncountable minor thought crimes and conversational subversions
Committed at random by lone, anonymous soldiers of slack
Slack
thousands of Bob's handy pamphlets with which to recruit the worthy and to perplex the normals,
to fill their minds with questions. Questions that only Bob can answer through his chosen apostles,
his fishers of wallets. And what is money? Nearly another tool of the conspiracy,
except when it gains power by passing from your pocket to Bob's.
I would like to testify to the power of Bob and what it has done for me.
Before I'd like to do that, I'd like to bring you a public service message from the Subgenius Foundation.
And friends, I'm talking about your cash flow. Have you thought about your cash flow recently?
Yeah! And where's it flowing? It's flowing out, isn't it?
Is there one person who says they got cash flow flowing in? Not one.
Let me tell you something, brothers and sisters. Let me tell you, cash is flowing into me.
How'd you do it?
Oh, I'm not telling you. But I'm going to tell you right now because you asked.
I believe in Bob. And if you have a problem with your cash flow, it's because your cash is not flowing towards Bob.
This is the first industrial church. We're not a tax write-off scam.
We're, we are an incorporator.
We're a profit-making foundation, if there is such a thing. We're profits and we want profits.
Children, you've got to come back to the old American way, yes?
You've got to come back to quality goods for your dime, a righteous purchase.
And let me ask you something, children. How many of you have been tithing unto Bob that which is truly Bob's?
Tell me that, children. How many of you have been giving 10% of your world's goods to Bob?
I don't care who you are.
I don't care who you are or where you come from. If you haven't sent your $20 into Bob, you're going to burn.
And K-N-O-M.
Mother Teresa, I don't care how many people she's helped, if she hadn't sent her $20 into J.R. Bob Dodds, it's going to burn in hell.
Friends, I want you to reach deep into that holiest orifice in your body.
Down to, you know, your back pocket.
Pull out that water.
Pull out that wallet.
And we don't just want the money out of the wallet.
We don't just want the credit card.
We want your library card.
Your social security card.
We want the wallet itself.
Because it ain't the money, friends.
It ain't the money.
It's the black.
It's the black.
Bob's got lots of money, friends.
Bob has lots of money, dear friends.
The money, you know, it don't buy you happiness, but it does buy you joy.

But it allows you the choice of what kind of misery you want to endure.
And if you can't have real slack, then I guess false slack is better than no slack.
But, remember, the conspiracy set it up to where you can never make enough money.
So, and this is something my young son just spouted the other day.
He spouted the word of Bob.
He said, don't take money, take Bob.
And you can't get Bob without sending money to K-N-O-M.
Via calling.
828-9500.
This logic is self-evidently inescapable.
And now, Dr. Zaphod.
Well, Reverend Stang, Carol Stazo called in with a pledge here.
She couldn't afford $200 for a date with Reverend Stang.
So, she settled for one with Reverend Zaphod.
And, well, I'll guarantee that.
Oh, praise that.
Praise that fine sister out there.
Once she has one date with Reverend Zaphod, she'll be banging on my door 24 hours a day.

Oh, it's a banging world, friends.
It's a banging universe.
Yes, it is.
Whew.
Whew.
Praise Bob.
You've got to give it some slack here at 828-9500.
You have to, friends.
You have to.
You must.
You must.
Because, because guilt, guilt is the, it's the feeling like, well, shoot, I can't, I
can't rant some, to that kind, I mean, this is a serious, serious, I need to, okay, I'll
put on this, here's some, what is this here we have?
Now, friends, you aren't calling those, oh, and, and Paul Riddle, oh, yeah, I remember
you from the parade.
It was a riddle indeed.
And, and, and $10,000.
Look at that.
Now, not everybody, like I say, not everybody can afford that.
It's, it's, you know, obviously true, but, you know, there's so many of you, you've been
out here taping this show.
And guilt is that feeling that you've been feeling.
It's like, it's as if the, the most hideous henchman of the tiny demon, Iheg-Iheen, was
gnawing and tickling incessantly at your very guts.
Like, the same feeling you get when it, when you call a pledge into 828-9500 and then don't
make good on it.
And it isn't from being afraid of the punishment.
It's from knowing that from, from that time on, you won't be allowed to forget what you
didn't do.
And guilt is the way you're gonna feel when I finish this sentence, which is actually
that you did pledge to KNO and last pledge drive, but you never sent your money.
You're getting free on this radio station what other sub-genii outside of Dallas have
to pay eight, up to eight bucks for, for one hour's worth.
And on top of that, you've been taping them, sending them around.
Maybe you haven't.
Maybe you've been sinless by omission.
But friends, Jesus, though Jesus is a man, he's a man.
Jesus Christ relieves you from, from guilt.
Bob, he, he, he, he don't forgive your trespasses.
He, he may show you some new ways to sin and he may give you a divine excuse by which to
rationalize your sins.
Oh yeah, but when it comes to sins against Bob, against slack, and against KNON, which
is a pillar of Bob's temple, oh no, he ain't gonna, he, he's gonna be whooping on your
butt for your trespasses.
And he's gonna do it in an hour that ye know not.
I lay upon ye jokers the curse that, here it is, may the curse of the head that has,
hath never bled be upon you that you may live listening to the other stations in quiet desperation.
And, and not, not one new mind-breaking experience would you have to give you that eternal satisfaction
because, because it would have taught you how to appreciate the suffering.
Desist not, Baric disappointed that your concentric circumstance was vegetable labor
and На all the others throw up but наe shall still disagree because they are, they'e
anton listening.
And, and his 734Talk.
Él haAppekiVí on MurぜAndl!
Let mうわIute!
Orán.
what you think you want to hear.
You pay to know what you really think,
and you want to hear surprises,
things that are new to your brain.
And they may be scary,
but it's like giving your brain a good rinse
through the car wash.
You know, you can't think about your own brain, friends,
but you can dial this number
and pledge that money to KNON
to help keep us all on the air.
And you too, for instance, at some point.
So, you know, friends,
it's your choice.
It's your choice.
You can go ahead and choose to blow it all off.
You can go ahead and go on with the conspiracy,
whatever the conspiracy wants you to do.
We have only our simple faith
that heaven will be ours if we only believe.
Ironically, his mission will not be to sell Earth,
but to prevent Earth being sold
and transformed into a country
kind of stuckies in space.
Don't forget that Bob has come to,
has prophesied the end of the world,
July 5th, 1998, okay?
When most Americans will have hangovers,
but it's not just for the Americans,
it's for everyone in the world.
I didn't hear that.
Yeah, right.
That is why...
I'm gonna start smoking again.
Yeah, start smoking, start drinking,
and live it up.
Start fornicating as if your very life depended on it.
Holy dog.
Okay.
Okay.
This is...
I'm speaking to you in the old calendar year, 1981,
which we refer to as 17BX,
before the exes,
before the exes land.
This is true.
All the signs are already in place,
and Bob has come to us
to make sure the end of the world happens properly.
But this plan will succeed
only if conditions are just right at the appointed time.
Otherwise,
dark forces of antiquity
will be awakened from their slumber of eons
and rise again from Atlantis
to rule our world in their sizeless grip.
These primordial elementals,
the Elder Gods,
have countless demonic and interplanetary minions
carrying out their unholy schemes.
Now, many people here tonight, I'm sure,
you guys down here,
you see the conspiracy,
you see the conspiracy on a very tiny,
arcane,
and mealy-mouthed level.
You see the conspiracy only as the U.S. government,
ZIA, FBI, Lutheran Church of Missouri Synod,
Catholic Church, Jewish Defense League,
Council on Foreign Relations,
their trilateral commission.
Other, more occultated individuals
can see it at the next level.
You see that the conspiracy exists
as the men in black,
the green energy demons,
the aliens,
the advanced supersonic Nazi hell creatures
from the hollow earth,
the henchmen of Negi,
and the Yakutismo.
But I'm here to tell you tonight, children,
that the conspiracy exists
as none other than Jehovah One,
alien space god of wrath
from some corporate sin galaxy,
and his star-fist of remove.
With all his powers,
could Dobbs really be defeated by these beings?
Ah, but you must not underestimate him.
The conspiracy is a conspiracy.
Its weapons are so insidious,
even the human conspiracy leaders
are unaware of them.
The fact that the conspiracy itself
is ignorant that it is a conspiracy
gives it such control over our minds
that the very thought becomes unthinkable.
You cannot think about your own mind.
That's part of the problem.
You cannot think about your own mind.
You cannot wash soap.
You cannot see your own eyes.
You cannot run from your own legs.
You cannot hide from other people.
You cannot hide from God.
He's bearing you.
He's bearing all reality.
Whoo!
Help me somebody.
She ain't got no legs, poor boy.
My legs are on fire.
The bovinity and temerity of the human mind itself
does all the work.
The evil ones may just lean back
and watch the little humans march gladly,
even proudly, to their doom.
But we, too, must be vigilant.
For, thanks to the false slack bombarding us daily,
it is terrifyingly easy for even a subgenius
to slip back into normality,
to become one of them.
We live in a dangerous world.
The powers of pinkness
are always fighting the powers of slack.
Yes, children, they're locked in a death struggle.
Sometimes all brother pink
gets all brother slack down.
And he's a gasping.
And he's a choking.
And he's a straining.
But then,
Go, brother slack!
Go, brother slack!
The boy and the mother,
the boy and the good money.
Fight it.
Fight it.
And the powers of slack fight back.
Fight it.
Fight it.
Fight it.
Fight it.


Yes, yes, yes.
Fight it with slack.


The powers of pinkness down.
Fight it with slack.
But, children,
the final outcome
is up to you.
Fight it with slack.
Fight it with slack.
You know what they do.
That's the difference between us
and the conspiracy.
Our counter-spiracy
doesn't tell you what to do.
They'll tell you what to do
and all they want is one simple thing.
One simple thing.
I just want you to give up.
Professional football players,
in case you don't know,
have now gotten so big,
so strong,
and so fast
that when they run into each other,
the human body can no longer
sustain the impact.
And children,
in the same way,
have to fight back.












The images that win wigs,
the great selling conspiracy monster,
manipulate you
have become so sophisticated
that no matter how slick you think you are,
you cannot resist.
This is Stomachsons.
And it's like a...
We're gonna be taking calls
on 828-9500 for pledging.
If you want to call us for a talk line,
it's 823-7490 to pledge.
Yeah.
823-7490 to talk on the air,
828-9500 to pledge.
So anybody on the other line,
we'll just let them go
and call back at 7490.
We don't want to talk to you,
you things out there,
unless you're gonna...
You know, give a little bit
of what Bob's saying.
What Bob knows is most important to you.
You know, Bob doesn't...
Our guru, our high E-pop,
J.R. Bob Dobbs,
he does not care for your money,
your lowly money,
nor does he even care
for your despicable,
pathetic animal soul, friend.
He doesn't care...
He just wants whatever is most important to you.
And here in America,
that's usually your money.
So let's please, dear friends,
if you want to hear any more
of the wisdom of Bob Dobbs,
that could save you
come that hideous holocaust,
or the holocaust, we call it,
because everybody will be watching on TV
until their...
until their flesh is fried off their bones
and with the glorious radioactive kiss
of Jehovah's...
Listen to those calls.
Listen to those calls
going like mad, friend.
Oh.
Well, folks, that's it.
That's it.
I mean, it's gonna be over in five minutes.
It is gonna be over.
It's gonna be it.
It's gonna be it for you, baby.
I mean, you know, as it is,
I have to censor the songs I play
and the rants I play
because of the FCC,
because they're afraid of sex
and all the sexy things
and the words used to describe sexy things.
And of course, I think some words should be illegal,
like paperclip.
That disgusts me.
Kids use words like that,
but paperclip,
I hope none of them are up listening tonight,
license plate,
makes them want to be bad.
They think it's okay to talk about paperclips
and license plates any old time in church.
I can get up and say,
oh, preacher, I need...
I need a paperclip for my Bible school paper.
Oh, he said paperclip, stone him to death.
Oh, no, no, don't stone...
Throw the license plate at him.
No, kill him.
That's an old Monty Python routine, folks.
But the false churches,
they want to ban.
They want to ban just about everything.
And that shows just how much they have to fear
from people possibly catching on to their little game.
Their little game.
Fear, fear, fear,
and freedom of choice, friends.
That's what it's all about.
You know, fear is what a religion's all about anyway,
to begin with, I guess.
It's like, oh, don't kill me, God.
Please, Lord, don't kill me.
I'm a good boy.
Oh, aside from dressing up like a girl, I'm okay.
Oh, aside from all that masturbating,
I used to steal a lot when I was a teenager,
but that was a long time ago.
I seriously thought about running around on my wife,
but I didn't, God.
It doesn't matter, son.
Lust in the heart is the same thing.
Fear and disgust.
Friends, I want you...
You've got the choice to call 828-9500,
or you can call...
You can call 823-7490.
You can get...
You've got three minutes left.
Three minutes left.
And friends, I know there's something going on.
I'm in the spirit.
I can...
There's someone out there who needs an exorcism.
Someone out there who needs...
Wait a minute.
We're gonna have to cut that down.
We're gonna have to get into something more spiritual-minded here.
Okay, now, listen.
There is a person out there who has been tormenting their loved thing,
and I want you...
A friend of this is...
I cast ye out.
It was Bob.
It banished you out.
It brought you to the pit.
It was he who flung you from the depths of heaven to the pits of hell.
It was he who cast you out.
Unclean spirit, he has dominion over you.
I order you in the name of Bob to come out of this poor servant.
And spare Reverend Cecilia.
I command you to put your hands on the radio.
I demand that you come out.
Come out.
Come out.
The power of Bob compels you to call 828-9500.
You have to.
You...
I mean, Bob says you have to.
Niggy says you have to.
The power of Bob compels you.
The power of Bob compels you.
Friends, I'm in the spirit.
I can feel it.
It's building up.
It's building up.
I'm getting a sign.
I can see someone in my mind's eye.
They're thinking about calling 828-9500.
It's a young man.
His name...
His name is...
I'm getting it.
I'm getting it now here.
It's David, and he's deeply troubled.
He's bound by demons.
He's bound by the binding spirits of false conspiracy street drugs.
And he has terrible financial problems.
He can't afford the drugs.
And he can't afford to send money to the hour of slack.
He wants to be free, but the demons won't leave him be.
He needs slack to set him free.
Bob, you listening?
I want you to come down.
Cast him out all.
Cast out the cancer, tuberculosis, tumors, arthritis, and bad checks from this man.
From the crown of his head to the sole gland of his feet.
Cast out the demons.
Beat off the devil and set him free.
I command this now in the name of Bob Dobbs, high hip hop to the church of the subject.
I'm a genius.
Help me somebody.
Praise Bob.
She ain't got no legs.
My legs are on fire.
Pull the lever.
Down you go.
Call 828-9500.
This is the last chance.
This is literally your last hope for planet Earth.
This, I mean, after this, friends, it's going to be it.
I'm sorry.
There's not much else we can do, I suppose.
It's just going to be...
I guess they don't care.
I guess it's time for us to sell out.
Yeah, I guess that's what we ought to do is just start playing.
Yeah, let's give up, folks.
All we got is this few thousand...
Look at this.
Paul Newell, Tom, Jim Trotten, Brian Lunch.
No, see, I'm going to have all these phone numbers.
I'm going to be able to send some genius, crazy people after you in no time at all.
And I'm going to get out of the way here in just one minute for...
Oh, you're going to...
Ron is going to let me go.
But, friends, you can keep calling.
The pledge drive ends at midnight.
But you can keep calling in.
We'll take your money.
We will take your money tomorrow.
We'll take your money the next day.
We'll take the money from George Schaefer.
We'll take the money from all these fine people who've called in and who I know.
I know this time they're going to make...
They're going to send that check in.
And when they do, they're going to write our slack on there so that nobody gets mixed up.
Friends, I was just kidding.
We don't have to sell out the conspiracy this time and start playing the, you know, according to the...
What do they call it?
The program that comes down the computer from Seattle.
That's how the other stations have to do it.
No, no, no, no.
Just plain folks like just ordinary, regular old Ivan Stank get on here and have a radio show.
Ron Lindsey coming up right behind me.
Those of you ready to tape Dr. Lindsey's wonderful show, the Soul Oldies show, I want you to...
I want you, friends, you can write to Bob at P.O. Box 1403-06, Dallas, Texas.
But you can send your money.
Send your money to K-N-O-N.
And I don't see that box number in front of me, but you can call 828-9500 or 823-7490.
And you shall have slack, dear friends.
You shall have slack.
Hi.
How you doing?
I'm real glad to see you.
The news is coming up next.
We're going to cut away.
Straight away afterward.
Hold it.
He's gone.
There's going to be no...
Cut to the band.
The bands are getting ready for another one.
No, they'll do the news.



Hope you enjoyed the video.
We'll be back after this.

























