The real enemy.
What I'm asking people to do is accept that everything they've based their lives on is a lie.
I'm seeking salvation.
There are enemies of children's souls.
All alone in this world of wickedness.
Search inside yourself for your soul.
In the name of the Jesus.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
Don't be proud of yourself.
Fight the real enemy.
Don't you want to be saved?
Don't you want to be saved?
Fight the real enemy.
We're all looking in the same direction.
We're not seeing quite the same thing.
There is absolutely no other possibility.
And now you are ready for the final 200,000 miles.
Voyage to the moon.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to...
The subgenius power of sweat.
And now for this week's verse of meditation.
The dog returns back to its own vomit and the sow is washed only to wallow in the mire.
We're glad to have each and every one of you at our service today, especially the young folks.
There's going to be a youth meeting tonight.
After the assembly and all you youth need to be there.
We're going to serve macaroni and cheese, fish sticks and banana pudding.
Brother Blowforth will speak on dating and mating.
Is it fun or frustrating?
Should be real good.
New Realization.
Bringing you best new information for your life.
Not entertainment.
New Realization.
Embodiment of concept taught by Nanmaster Nenslow is here to help you.
CIA, NSA, CFR, Trilaterals.
Federal Reservoir.
Bilderbergers.
P2.
Club of Rome.
International race hate conspiracy.
All means nothing.
Facts are worse than you imagine.
Yeti UFO contactees by thousands.
Cruel, hairy alien dwarfs.
Slash pickup truck fuel tanks with long sharp claws.
Cute ET.
Aryan Space Brothers.
Confederation of biped humanoid worlds.
We'll wish for that when global satellite TV reveals to all that dinosaurs never extinct went underground.
Not through the eyes of a human.

Not through polar holes to imaginary interior world.
But to abandoned ancient death ray cavern cities whose unwanted pets dinosaurs once were.
They have advance of us by millions of years and long ago paid off world governments.
Creating red herring MJ12 area 51 dreamland scams.
Releasing vital fragments of actual fact.
In foolish fairy tales to discredit serious researchers.
Conceal world wide network of human clone names.

And the
Invisible non-corporeal ideiforms wage war for possession of human mind.
Showing all traits of life form lacking only bodies.
They possess, breed, fight, survive in non-dimensional ideocosm created by humans parasitic fungus brain.
Lowly lichen tells the tale of fungus failure to infect plant life form.
Alone or with plant form, fungus is stationary subject to nature's whim.
Discovery of one cell animal life changes all life forms.

All that.
Mobile host lives, grows, develops at last the human form.
Creates stone heap culture.
Tools creating smaller tools.
But then.
Ideiforms develop.
Controlling animal fungus symbiotes.
Creates armies, religions, atom bomb.
Ideiform lives an expensive victim.
Breeds.
Lives though all else die.
Solution none.
Answers none.
Nenslow said. Beware of those with all the answers.
I have only more questions.
Nenslow said. I never tell you don't listen to him.
I tell you listen.
And listen carefully.
Compare. Use reason.
Never decide once and for all.
This person is right. This is wrong.
Always leave yourself an out.
A person said to Nenslow.
When commies come marching down Main Street.
I'd rather have a gun in my hand than a philosophy book.
Nenslow said.
If commies have philosophy book.
They will never march down Main Street.
Read. Learn. Work.
Do. Dare.
And be silent.
New realization.
Box 86582.
Portland, Oregon 97286.
Don't stand for the
I'm not alone to hang and try.
You're in the mix too late to scream and cry.
Daddy says what to do, so watch the club.
Heaven didn't fall through, you had to roll around.
Put it back, put it back.
Should have been left alone, hell can't decide.
Which if no tragic role to suicide.
Daddy says what to do, so watch the club.
Heaven didn't fall through, you had to roll around.
Put it back, put it back.
Put it back, put it back.
Put it back, put it back.
You're in the mix too late to scream and cry.
Heaven didn't fall through, so watch the club.
Put it back, put it back.

You're in the mix too late to scream and cry.
Put it back, put it back.
You're in the mix too late to scream and cry.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Some soothing music there from Punch Drunk.
One of the members of Punch Drunk came up to me at the last D-Vival I was preaching at in Philadelphia.
Handed me this tape and said, well, it's kind of, you've said you like Devo before.
It's kind of like that, but it's not like that.
So, Punch Drunk, and let me go ahead and give you their address in case you want to write them for free information.
That's Punch Drunk at, got that pencil ready, P.O. Box 53582 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Zip code 19105.
You know, you should always have your pencil ready when you're listening to that.
Smooth.
Smooth.
Hour of Slack.
And this is your dear host and prayer partner, Reverend Ivan Stang.
And just before Daddy says, by Punch Drunk, we got to enjoy the most inspiring rant there by the great Nenslow.
And Nenslow is just the greatest.
He's the greatest.
Do you hear me, Nenslow?
I love you, man.
And, yes, that's why he provided this music.
Also in the background.
This is Nenslow himself leading the Nensletic Orchestra.
Before that, you heard Out of Band Experience, also known as Kings of Feedback.
A great subgenius band doing Fight the Real Enemy.
And who might that be?
And you can reach Out of Band Experience by calling.
Got that pencil ready?
1-617-LICK-O-B-E.
Yes, 1-617-LICK-O-B-E.
We're taking it easy now at this point.
We've had to do three shows in seven hours.
And we've got two more to go.
But we've got so much great tape.
And we're going to continue now with the tapes of the Senate hearings.
Original.
Broadcast on WCSB Cleveland.
ESO radio show.
When last we left off with Cantor Chaz and lonesome cowboy Senator Dave, the accused.
We were autopsying President Dobbs.
The president actually had just discovered certain key facts about the brain of President Dobbs.
And were, I believe, flipping the tape on the last show.
So this is where the tape picks up in Dave's brain.
Thank you.
Brain had been replaced by spongy mass of pipe tendrils.
Which seemed to writhe with an unholy intelligence of their own.
This may explain some of the president's foreign policy miscues.
Well, we certainly have been exposed to something nearing.
An incredible story here today.
I don't know really what to believe.
That the president's wife's brain actually became out.
Tendrils, tendrils in her brain.
Tendrils, tendrils.
Someone, someone, look.
Help the senator.
Help the senator.
Get the pipe out.
Oh, no.
It's too late.
It's thrown in too deep.
He'll lose the whole front part of his brain.
Now how do you feel, Senator Dave?
I feel just fine.
I feel all smooth and creamy like Farina.
Or a plate of well-done grits.
I don't feel like napping, though.
He has become.
Dave has become.
He has joined us.
All one.
Unite all faith.
All moral ABCs.
Rabbi Dobbs.
Dilute, dilute.
Okay, okay.
All wagged out.
Hey, is there supposed to be different new flesh growing on my skins?
Oh, that's just one of the side effects of the operation.
Oh, tell us about your dream.
You were mumbling answers as if you were being held on trial in some Senate hearings.
I dreamed that Reverend Stang was an evil senator.
He had claimed that somehow I was investigating the church, and then I had bankrolled, pocketed
my bankroll that had been given to me by the Senate committees.
And then he had been doing it instead, but he had me crucified up there just like Sivana
Rowland examining his snakes.
I was going to the crossroads of the witching post, and then all of a sudden Jackie Onassis'
head exploded into a polyphone, kind of like Bob's did when he was exploding.
Did we get all that on tape?
Okay, take it down to the novel department.
Send it off to Simon & Schuster.
That'll be the next subgenius book.
It's worth it.
Those experiments and, I mean, well, the surgery is expensive, but well worth the results in
prophetic utterances by the patient.
As we can see, doctors here, Dave laying on the operating table, seems to believe that
he is standing upright.
And doing a radio program.
So come a time when three wolves shall walk through the underwoods.
He's hooked up to the machine.
Bearing pieces of cheese and monumental artifacts from, wait a minute, lights are glimping.
Okay, yeah.
We can type in behavioral changes, and we can use the file transfer protocol to send
his behavior changes out over the neural net.
So that all the other recipients, if they can download Lonesome Cowboy Dave's brain, they
are able to take on the courage and wisdom of Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
It's a high tech version of the primitive belief that if you ate the enemy's heart,
you would gain his courage.
In this case, we download Lonesome Cowboy Dave's brain and gain his intelligence, which
for most of us, of course, is a soporific drug.
It's the only way we can get him to stop.

So we can relax.
We run up a little bit of Dave's brain, and it just mellows us out, you know.
It lowers our consciousness so many degrees.
It feels great.
You ought to try it.
Come on, man.
Don't you want to be like everybody else?
Try it.
What are you, chicken?
Try some Dave's brain, man.
I'll try some.
This is pure.
Oh, yeah.
Come on, little girl.
The first lobe is first.







It's like a little piece of onion.
Here, just hold on just a second.
Now, breathe into this sack.
This sack contains some of the essence of Dave's brain.
Go ahead.
Just huff it.
There you go.
Okay.
There you go.
Ow.
She's drooling.
This is the brain of...
She's growing small.
She looks like a little girl.
Now she's four years old, three.
She's growing up.






Two.
Now, hopefully it'll stop here.
We don't know what happens if they keep going.
Oh, don't cry, little girl.
Now, it's okay.
We're your friends.
You're going to grow big.
You'll be a big girl soon.
All right.
Now she's growing.
Here we go.
It only lasts about 20 seconds, gentlemen.
And isn't that miraculous now?
A fully grown test subject.
Just re-grow immediately.
What we are trying to do is to make possible for the...













For the person to sniff or to waft someone's brain, to eat the brain, part of the brain,
and immediately accrue all of the attributes of the person.
Imagine the same way he had described the cannibals getting the heart of the victim.
That's right.
And CEO Dobbs has decided that if we can work this formula into the hamburgers in his new
franchise chain...
Perhaps we just pat it in like we could use some spices.
The first burger god, hunger raper they're called, will be given away free.
Free to each customer.
And once they have that first one, we know that they'll come back for more Dave brain
tainted meat.
Ravaged by hunger.
That's good.
That's a good brain.
The problem with this brain is the convolutions are completely useless.
There's no information carried in this brain.
It seems to be some sort of sieve or some sort of...
That's not what's at issue here.
It fits on a bun.
That's all that counts.
It weighs...
Half an ounce.
Morty, think of it this way.
And it sits on a bun.
That's right.
It sits on a bun.
And it's 350 for the quarter pounder.
350.
I mean, we don't care if it doesn't really...
If it's not really a brain.
We don't care if it's not...
It works.
Look at how well it sits on the steam table here.
They eat it and they achieve the consciousness level of Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
It's cheaper than lobotomies.
It's cheaper than hypnosis.
It's certainly cheaper than trepanation.
And as you can see, I mean, as in my case, the trepanation is...
Trepanation scars never heal completely.
Oh my God.
Everybody can tell I've had one.
It's so relaxing.
I mean, it was cool back in the 90s.
You know, you drill your skull, see the light, hear the echoes, you know, think like Dave.
And...
But now, I mean, you know, people look at you and go, well, I see you've got a trepanation
scar.
You must have been real cool in the 90s.
Yeah, that's no good when you get busted with a trepanation scar.
Yeah, they can tell.
Yeah, they just take a look at you and that's it.
No job.
You know, you can't even really apply for ADC or anything.
Yeah, they put up...
I mean, you're on medication too, you know, and it's like...
And you usually are.
I'm trying to explain to them.
Yeah, well, but not because of the church and subgenius or anything.
Like, because, you know, so that's, you know, and I just...
Yeah, I mean, half the teenagers in town, I mean, all the Nine Inch Nails fans have
to go out and do the drill thing on their head.
Well, I mean, you know, like there's a lot of people walking around with scars on their
skulls, you know, big, big holes in their skulls and what kind of, you know, what are
they getting out of this society?
I mean, people think like they don't exist.
What kind of children are we raising?
Children, I mean...
When our high schools have to have metal detectors at the door to get them out of the
house, to keep the kids from bringing their Black & Decker drills in.
I know it's getting so far out of hand, you know, like some principals on the Near East
side have actually, and after installing, you know, they find a trepanation scar on
a person's head or a piece of a drill bit on their skull.
They're out of there.
In Dallas, Dallas school, I walked in to talk to the kids about drugs and drills and...
That's where I go looking for drugs too.
Exactly.
And there was a child, there was a fifth grader sitting there with a fresh, hot, black, black
hole in his head and a trickle of blood running down the side of his nose with a blank stare
in his eye, quoting Lonesome Cowboy Dave, sitting there right in the middle of English.
He'd obviously gone to the boys' restroom and, like in my day, we might go in there
and smoke a cigarette or something.
Now they go in, plug, take their power drill with that, they run on batteries and their
beepers and their internet and they drill that hole and if they're not high enough from
the first one, that means, well, drill a new one.
Make it a little deeper.
Use a gauge four drill instead of a gauge three.
I say one shunt and they should be suspended for six weeks straight.
I knew this dude.
One shunt and no more hunt.
One shunt and no more hunt.
You have found everything you need.
Some people merely blow off the top of their skull entirely.
Those are hipper than thou.
Yeah, the ones who take the whole front half of their skull off.
Up down to the eyes.
Oh yeah, they're so cool.
Yeah, they're like that.
Yeah, same way, you know, wearing black.
That's the only way they can be cool.
Same way wearing black, you know, all black and everything and their brains exposed and
stuck in a...
Yeah, they always have the little stud on their neck like Frankenstein's master.
Yeah, like it's supposed to really do something for you, you know, like I really carry that.
Yeah, if you see the ones with the, like, they get their left hand and right hand switched.
Or some have the hand of the gorilla.
You know what works very good, you know, they're real weak and kind of numb after that.
I only see gorilla hands.
And they're into it. They like to walk up to normals and shake hands, you know.
With the big clammy gorilla hands and the normal...
Yeah, let's get down. Let's cut the hole out of the front of my skull and achieve enlightenment.
It's the new cool thing. It's the way to get high, baby.
Are you... What's the matter, you fray? Come on. The drill doesn't hurt.
Put some Dr. Bronner's on it first.
Make love to the drill.
Bob's into it, man.
Become one with the drill.
It's God's approved.
Yeah, you'll love the way it sounds. It, like, echoes across your skull when it's going in.
It's I-1 drill.
It's like stereo.
I found the drill last week and in two months I made seven million dollars.
The drill is your friend.
Open yourself to the drill.
Let the drill open you to everything else.
Have you ever sat on a beach and imagined you were actually there?
You were actually doing a radio show while you were in a striped jacket?
You will.
Have you ever imagined yourself locked in a bathroom, crying, eating urine-stained cake?
Crying on your birthday?
Did you ever have a dog?
I had a great job down there at the Cosmere Blaze factory, but then the silent ease came in.
They laid us all off.
Dobbs, when are you going to do something about this invasion of our shores?
Sign a Patreon.
Bob, I'd like to say something about all them damn foreigners coming around here and taking up all the jobs.
You're so boring when I think of you.
You're doing nothing to my history.
My doctor's no fun.
Who cares of the pills?
And about those kids?
Give or give.
I can't care more about you.
Can't care more about you.
Can't care more about you.
When I woke up this morning, I was bored.
When I woke up this morning, I was bored.
When I woke up in the afternoon, I was really bored.
When I woke up in the afternoon, I was really bored.
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
When he catches the buzz
With his mind all askew
He delivers the word
From his own point of view
He drove a Cadillac
He drove a Cadillac
He drove a Cadillac
He drove a Cadillac
And I want you to get that pencil ready now.
That's iBob Digital at P.O. Box 3405.
That's Box 3405, Skokie, Illinois.
6-00-7-6
Listen to the sounds in this room.
Listen to the sounds in this room.
Just me and the hiss.

And the tapes.
The tapes, yes.
And the clicks.
The loud clicks.
And all this Dave brain.
All this Dave brain laying around here.
We've got to do something with it.
I'm sorry, friends.
I heard from one person who said,
I'm not that crazy about Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
But,
I don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care don't care no sir we're
gonna go right back to it we have to because it's there and and Nenslo and
the evil and the good we can never leave
you
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Wow
oh
I
Oh
I am afraid of this person, but Mr. Priest, I must tell you that this constant masturbation and these pictures of Bob Roberto Daz are ridiculous.
It will ruin you.
These Fellini movies are weird. I don't really understand them.
Never mind. Just think of the saints.
Free your mind of all these evil parts of art and vernicities.
Think nothing of these things. Think of the saints.
Like Bob Daz and vernicities, yes?
Yes, Saint Bob.
The patron saint of money and slap.
And no need to make fun of his bristling countenance.
He was quite a man in his time.
Did you know that Bob actually seduced every woman in Napoli in two nights?
But he loved every woman in Napoli.
Not once was the act debased by lust or science or reason.
No, Bob loved them.
And he said,
I loved all of them.
I loved also all the animals of Naples.
I loved the chickens.
I loved the prairie squids.
I loved them all and not once was the act defiled by logic or reason.
I loved the calamari.
I sexed the Italian breast-eating baboon.
I loved them all.
No, no, no.
You must put these things in the menu.
And animals have...
They have the Buddha nature, Bob said.
They would love you back if you loved them.
Except for chickens.
He said, chickens will not return your love.
I love chickens.
I've heard my love returned by chicken.
Did you ever buy a bucket of chicken liver and twelve pack of beer and watch TV and do dry balls, fell out and then go hunting?
Yeah.
Hell, we all do that where I come from.
That's how chickens return your love.
I don't like people that don't do that.
Where I come from, I don't like them.
We don't like people who don't do that with chickens.
I mean, you might as well just back your cart off of my green.
If you think you're the kind of golfer that ain't gonna do that with chickens.
We eat them.
We eat them.
We blow smoke in them.
Afterwards.
And then we stand up and sing the Yellow Rose of Texas, Betty.
Hell, we smoke a chicken.
You better believe it.
Yeah, I mean...
We don't even wring their necks first.
We just stuff them right in the pipe and light up.
Smoke your damn chicken.
You'll be clucking around going,
McCall!
McCall!
McCall!
Where do you think Jack Nicholson got that routine, man?
He and Dobbs used to party out in Hollywood.
Jack Nicholson and Dobbs.
They had...
They cost them a lot of money one time to keep from going to jail.
Yeah, I remember that one time Bob and Nicholson attacked the paparazzi when they were at that Lakers game.
And they had them three transsexual babes with them.
And...
But Dobbs said he didn't know.
Well, he never said he didn't know, did he?
Or he didn't know him.
Well, that's an easy way to...
He said it was kind of dry.
Yeah, well, it's always dry when you've removed the patchy skin parts and replaced it with the extraneous noodle parts.
Oh, but you won't need any of those organs anymore once you get your modem online and get hooked up to the internet.
You can forget your body.
You can forget food, sex.
None of that will matter.
You just...
They'll have a chip.
They'll have a chip that goes straight into your brain and as you turn it...
If you turn it...
If you push...
Push setting number 96, okay?
See, it made his left arm flop.
Now, push 97.
See, it made his left foot flop.
Okay, then I can animate the...
Now, push 90...
No, wait a minute.
Let me see it.
86.
Push 86.
Do you smell roses?
Yeah, I can smell roses.
No.
What it does is it uses ultrasonics through the headphones to squeeze a little part of your brain.
And you can change which part.
It will agitate.
It's like a microwave, really.
It's like a little...
This beats the trepanation all to hell.
It's like a microwave.
It just slightly microwaves portions of your brain.
It can be selective, you know, left, right, front, and back, and so forth.
And it's got number 100 is the pleasure center stimulator.
Go ahead and push that 100.
And it's not bad, is it?
Now, turn it off.
Try turning it off.
Oh, it's not bad.











No.
Yeah, it kind of gets a bit...
Oh, it didn't want to leave it off for long, folks.
It's got that pleasure center stimulator going.
He's got it turned all the way up to 10.
And now he's got to spend all the time reading the clock.
He finds one that goes up to 11.
That's virtual reality for you, man.
That's where it's all going.
This world's falling apart.
It's going to slide in all directions.
It's going to slide in all directions.



Give me back the Berlin Wall
It's gonna be Dobbs and St. Paul
Oh, yes, I can feel the spirit
It's piling up
It's about washing up the back of Dave's teeth now
It's gonna spill over any minute
He's so full of the slack
It's lapping at his lower lip
If he leans forward, the slack will come oozing, floating out of his mouth
Like ectoplasm out of a trance medium
But it ain't no spirit of the dead, friends
It's the pure essence of slack
Love's like a fire in the air

It's the poison cowboy Dave's slack
Forming in its ectoplasmatic manifestory existence
Hovering in front of his face here in the studio like a green cloud
And it's forming into the shape of whatever he's thinking about
Which is...
Oh, it's Chelsea from that new Rave magazine
I recognize that pose
He's thinking of the cover
Weird
Happy to serve you
Uh, now it's just painting a cloud of slack in the shape of a naked girl
And it's pretty...
Dave, that's not exactly, like, sophisticated or PC
But it's honest, friends
And that's what happens
He hit up on that chicken
I mean, he hit...
He had a hit of the chicken
And the splat...
The slack splashed out
In the form of whatever he was thinking about it
And he was thinking about it
He...
He was...
Dave was in Dobstown for six months
Learning just that one trick
Now, anything I think of for long enough time
Using the alien machinery
Which doesn't really exist as machinery
I can will into existence
Any kind of dog-voiced, face-boy or miscreant vehicle
Or three-wheel bike to wheel around the block
And sleep in a dumpster
Friends, I'm...
I'm...

But we just saw a series of images form outside of Dave's head
It ended with a tricycle
I noticed he went through a whole bunch of things
There was a picture of Jojo the dog-faced boy
Old, you know, turn of the century photograph
There was, uh...
That picture of Kool-Aid with the face drawn on it
I don't think he even mentioned that one
It's a stream of consciousness visualizing
Externally...
Uh...
Well, it causes the hallucination of...


to be externalized is what the catalog says.
And you're saying that the illusions are formed in the mind of the individual,
then they're made concrete?
And then they're, well, they're not concrete.
They're just an image like a hologram that forms outside the head,
but you can't photograph it.
Other people can see it, but only, like we've done experiments,
dogs can't see it, you can't photograph it,
but other people will see it because it's on that etheric level.
The slack itself is invisible to the normals.
To the subgeniuses, we're floating in a sea of slack.
We're floating in a sea of pills, for that matter,
but you're just too blind, deaf, and dumb to stick your tongue out
and just chaw down on them.
You're floating in a sea of slack, my friends,
but I'll tell you something about slack.
If slack was water, Bob Dobbs would be surfing,
but you'd be drowning.
Mmm. Mmm.
There it goes, leaking out of Dave's mouth and nose again.
He's all filled up with that slack.
He's got that special trepanated brow.
He took out a hole about the size of a quarter
out of the front of his skull.
Didn't even bother to transplant some skin over it or sew it back.
It's just the corpus corallosum is exposed.
Supreme serenity. Supreme serenity.
He sees Bobby.
Even when Bob ain't there.
Supreme serenity.
And you know, friends, God is everything,
but Bob has already been everything else.
All the kids in my neighborhood look like Bob Dobbs.
All the kids in my neighborhood smoke pipes.
All the kids in my neighborhood are proud to be Bob Dobbs.
And if they ain't Bob Dobbs, they die.
We kill them.
Kill them.
Kill them.
I'm gonna kill them.
Kill them dead.
And if they are Bob Dobbs,
We kill them.
We kill them dead.
You're Bob Dobbs, aren't you?
You're Bob Dobbs too, aren't you?
I'm gonna kill you.
I'm gonna kill you first.
You ain't gonna kill me until I get up to you.
Boy, I like this church.
Everybody turns into Bob Dobbs, and they can all sit in the pews and be exactly alike.
And if anybody's different, then they can hate them.
Hate them. Hate them. Hate. Hate. Hate.
Oh, I loves to hate.
I hate Bobby.
But he comes by me, hating fair and square.
I hate Bobby.
He, he...
Hrrrrr...
Hrr...
Hrr...
Hrrr...
On the good ship Dobbs, sailing the seas of slack,
pirating and looting the pig-carpet haters out there.
Looting them on the information highway as well.
Our...
The Spanish Marine Army, just lootin. Lootin.
We pull our corsairs up to their modems and climb right aboard.
We created an interactive CD-ROM game that hooks your checkbook account up to the internet.
Every minute you spend shooting those funny Dobbs figures rushing at you down that corridor,
every penny, a penny a second, goes straight to the home for slackless children.
Dear friends, look at this little child here.
He's not allowed to play at home with his human parents.
This child wasn't allowed to play with Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, He-Man, Transformers, or Playboy magazines.
No, that's right, Ivan. This child wasn't even allowed to play with himself.
This child was severely deprived.
Doesn't that just make your heart bleed?
Doesn't that just make tears well up in your eyes to think these poor little...
These children may have the subgenius gene.
It could be triggered by exposure to enough...
Well, let's just call it information.
Information. Pornological Irritainment, we call it.
And, uh, it's... you know, it's... it's the... it's something you can do with that excess money.
The government's just gonna take it.
The government should... do you want to give it to the government so they can spend more on socialized highway building, bridge... bridge building?
You wanna... you wanna just let the government take all you... or... will you... you know, if it has to be gone anyway, give it to the home for slackless children.
Dobbstown, Malaysia.
Tax exempt.
These children aren't going to cry very much longer, are they, Ivan?
These children are going straight away to that home and... and perhaps find themselves in some sort of non-mystical, non-experiential way.
Or perhaps they don't even really exist, do they?
We don't make those kids memorize boring religious passages.
We give them video games.
We give them Wolfenstein 3.0 in 3D.
We... we give them arm wrestling.
We give them the complete G.I. Joe set.
We give them Barbie... Barbie's Dream House, Barbie's Dream Kitchen.
And... but, of course, you know, we don't want to train those little... little girls to be... to grow up to be pink girls.
We want them to be subgenius girls.
And it's all in virtual reality, isn't it, Reverend?
That's right. So that's why we change those Barbie dolls before we give them to the girls.
We... we make them... we kind of morph them between a Barbie and the Star Wars characters.
Now, when the ectoplasm comes out of...
Gives them more character.
Yes, but when the ectoplasm comes out of their mouths, doesn't that... wouldn't it ruin a Barbie set?
Oh, but when you see a room full of kindergarten-age children with green slactoplasm oozing out of their nostrils, ears, and mouths...
Baiting their nostrils.
Their eyes rolled back in ecstasy...
Tirading their mouth.
Forgetting their evil conspiracy toilet training forever...
Doing their bank statements.
Chewing on their pencils...
We encourage them to chew on their pencils.
We encourage them to break their crayons into millions of bits.
We encourage them to pick on each other, gang up and bully each other, and ostracize members.
We want them to learn the way things are in the real world.
Where they can do anything, but they're gonna have to pay the price.
You know? It's the school of hard knocks.
If more kids were raised in the school of hard knocks, I don't think America would be where it is today.
That's right, Reverend.
I think the school of hard knocks would knock some sense into these kids' heads.
Beat them all.
They'd quit huffing paint and Dave Brain, drilling holes in their heads and hooking internet superhighways in one ear and out the other.
Why, friends, I think if you just give your money to Home for Slackless Children, we could turn America around.
We could charge you with that.
We could string up normals from trees like they've been doing to weirdos for years and years.
For centuries. For a thousand.
You know who built the pyramids?
We did.
Well, no, well, no. Actually, a bunch of stupid, normal religious fanatics.

But you know who designed the pyramids?
We did.
We did.
We stood there and said, you know, we'd love to be hauling those 4,000 ton rocks up that slope with you men, but they need us here.
Telling the king that the gods want this pyramid built.
Yeah, now look here. See, Pharaoh, what we got here.
We got the junction of Mars and Venus in the constellation Cygnus.
Both at Ra are in junction.
Isis and Osiris are about to collide.
Right, right. And you know when the river starts flooding, you know what's gonna happen with Asakoth or, I mean, Osiris.
That's right. So the gods will kill us if we don't make all the dupes build the pyramid.
Make the dupes build the pyramids in the name of the gods.
But who will design this pyramid? Will you, the subgenius high priest, design the pyramid?
Slack.
No, we will get this talented normal to do the actual math.
We will pay him four tamarins, three beets, and a donut.
But we know it wants to be gold. The gods want it to be covered with gold and it has to look like that thing that the humans would use on their dollar bills, but without the eye.
Mmm, the mighty pyramid. The symbol of the equilibrium between the controller and the controlled.
It's a bloodshot eye.
As long as somebody's wielding the whip, somebody else is gonna walk out and say, whip me. Come on, whip me.
I mean, which one would you rather be, my friend?
You wanna be that whooped human feeling the sting of that master's whip? Or do you wanna be one of the masters?
Or do you wanna be the parasite that lives off those evil masters and those stupid dudes?
I wanna be a parasite.
There you go, kids. Now you're stupid.
What are you thinking? Like the mighty tick, which kills, does not, the predator kills the prey, but the parasite kills neither.
It torments.
It torments all equally. And we, the subgeniuses, are the parasites, the ticks upon the body politic.
A politic.
We made a joke on it.
Anyway, seriously though, to continue in a more serious vein.
In that the body politic is made of a vermin, shouldn't it be?
We may be called, they, sure, they call us vermin. They, they, and they consider that an insult.
Spermin vermin?
To us, that's a compliment.
Yes, the highest. Well, not the highest. One of the third, well, maybe the fifth highest compliment.
And in faith, we march these children down the hill out of the home for slackless children and out to the fields where they learn slack work with little tape decks around their heads.
And they're next listening to this show and picking, uh, soya beans, cotton, and so forth.
Oh, it's beautiful.
It's lovely.
Just beautiful.
They are taught, they are taught, uh, the slack yoga of service.
They learn work.
You see?
As slack.
Great idea, huh? That was, that was one of Dobbs' most brilliant, it was sort of like passive resistance, you know? It was, right! So, uh.
A brilliant thinker. Better than L. Ron Hubbard, I must say. Much, much more, well, it's, well, yeah.

He has a square face, I think.
L. Ron was a sex god, man.
Well, nobody competes with Bob, I don't know.
Oh, no, well, needless to say, you know, you know there's a, a story, possibly apocryphal, that when the last time Bob was sent to hell, that he cuckolded the devil.
I've heard that story.
Yes, that he was even a better tempter than the devil.
And he cheated, too, it comes to him.
And he put, he put two boar horns on the devil, you might say.
Oh, my God.
Yes.
Okay.
And Satan cast Bob from hell, and since he was never baptized, he can't go to heaven.
So, he's back on earth, he can try to kill him.
Hell, we did, we were the first ones to try.
You may hate this Bob stuff, right?
You don't think that occurred to us, too?
Oh, we tried to get out, we tried to get out back in 84.
But, yeah, go ahead, blow him away, put ten bullets through Bob's head.
He's gonna come like a cartoon character there, he'll be again grinning at you.
It never stops.
It never stops.
He just can't stop.
My mind always hurts.
It is painful.
It is very painful.
And he, he just won't ever die, will he?
He just keeps coming back and coming back.
It's, it's phenomenal.
It's kind of like the song, well, we have a song about Bob called The Song That Refused
to Die.
Should we sing it or not?
We've been singing it for the last hour and a half, Dave.
It won't go away, either, will it?
No, you can't, it's, you know, the, the ironic thing is the song, in a way, it wants to
die.
It's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's,
it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's anonymously responding to his 수도




But it, but it cannot die.
But it, but it cannot die.
It just, it crawls on fitfully sometimes it picks up and really cooks and people go,
okay, it's good.
And, and it's gonna be over you know, and it might be over for a little while, but,
oh no, it picks up again.
Just like a mighty steak.
Like a, a patient on an operating table dying and he gets zapped.

You know, you die and then you, you zap it.
Because.
It fights.
The guitar player might die, but some other guitar player will come along.
That's right.
The drummer might die.
Some other drummers.
Or else a car that just blew a tire, the wheel flapping will be the percussion for the song.
That's right.
That's the way we play it.
That refused to die.
And, you know, the audience has changed a million times.
You know, they went away.
I remember when you were a pig.
There's always more.
Very, very tall.
I remember.
I love that.
There's always some sort of audience.
And they may flee the song.
They may try to kill.
They tried years ago, back in the 50s, they tried nuclear weapons on the bomb.
Bullets could not stop it.
Flamethrowers, paper cuts, nothing.
Nothing.
No cosmetic is ever going to erase.
It would get real ugly.
It would get real damn ugly and it would grow 50 feet tall.
You know, it was like the more you tried to kill the song that refused to die,
the louder and meaner and more horrible it would get.
The survival mechanism.
Mechanism.
Monkesson.
It was an artificial intelligence of its own.
Of its own kind.
Yeah.
You'd think it was all petered out.
Uh-huh.
Oh, yeah.
But it would...
Peter on.
Yes.
Peter's out or Peter's in.
It would rise from its deathbed like a vampire.
And spring into erect awareness.
More musicians would be drawn in.
And it would sap the life force out of them.
Like a glowing...
A bolt.
A bolt away.
People...
The song itself tried to warn people about the song.
I mean, part of the lyrics of the song were about how dangerous the song was.
We warned them.
We did.
We actually warned them.
It begged its listeners to kill it.
It begged for them to kill it.
But when they killed it, it refused to die.
They tried to kill it.
You could not kill the song.
The song couldn't commit suicide.
They refused.
They refused.
They refused to die.
To die.
To die.
The song was just an overlapping rhythmic notation in the back of his head.
Oh, sometimes it wasn't music at all.
Sometimes it was an earthquake in San Francisco.
Sometimes it was a toxic insecticide spill in India.
He remembered.
Yeah.
It might be a secret government cover-up one other month.
But it was still basically the song that refused it.
Sometimes it would be a radio show.
You're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information on Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius, send a self-addressed
stamped envelope to, got your pencil ready?
Bob, Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
That's Bob, P.O.
Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Stay tuned and praise Bob.
Give me back my love.


The burning wall.
Give me style.
And say, Paul, I've seen the future, brother.
It is murder.
Things won't slide.
Slide in all directions.
Won't pay nothing.
Won't be nothing.
You can't measure anymore.
The blizzard.
The blizzard of the world.
Cross the threshold.
Always고

Everyone.
healing.
I'm.
I'm painting.
Repent.
Repent.
