Ah, yes dear friends, this is in fact Hour of Slack number 1141, which is a rerun of
Hour of Slack number 33 from early July of 1986, when I had just returned from six weeks
in China and Japan on a missionary trip. Yeah, that's it. And this was probably the last
show with Reverend Buck Naked as a co-host, because after he ran the show for the six
weeks that I was gone, when I returned to the station, the managers told me that it
was either Buck goes or all of Hour of Slack goes. And so went Buck. Anyway, to repeat,
friends, the material...
The material in this show is from when I was working for Reverend Mickey Grant on the film
China Run. I left China exactly three years before the Tiananmen Square Massacre, by the
way. Exactly three years. While I was there, the Chernobyl Russian nuclear reactor meltdown
happened, which made things even more interesting. But now let us continue back into the year
of 1980.
1986.
It's true, man. I just got a taste. But it was a thrill, baby, you really wake up
when getting up and you're treading that tightrope of danger. International intrigue.
Oh, I don't think you gotta get down any cooking.
I'm haunted by nature...

Damn radio!
I'm sitting here watching TV in China,
and I'll tell you, we've been making these jokes
about how it's been 1984 since 1953 for a long time,
and I'm almost ashamed of myself
for making those kind of jokes about the U.S. now
because I didn't really know how true it was here.
And it has been 1984 since 1953 here.
Repent! Quit your job! Slack off!
Driven to the brink of false sanity
by the conspiracy's false reality,
and the pressure of a crumbling world,
then this may be for you.
This is Doug Smith, radio operator.
I'm gonna bring you a piece of that green cheese for sure.
Welcome, dear friends.
Yes.
Welcome, dear friends.

Welcome, dear friends.
Yes.
Welcome, dear friends,
to the subgenius radio ministry hour of Slack.
With reverence, I will stand and pass the bag naked.
This is your announcer,
please hold.
Please hold.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Praise Bob, dear friends.
Come on, send your pledges in.
You made your commitment.
Now follow through.
Thank you very much.
.

.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, welcome back, friends.
And...
I've got a couple of special guests with me.
I'm Pastor Buck Naked, your announcer.
And here with me in the studio, I've got the Spider Deacon, Jim,
and Reverend Ivan Stang.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Back from the missionary trip to Red China.
I'm back, and I'm Buddhaful.
.
Praise Buddha.
Ah, yes, friends.
Praise Buddha.
Back from mighty...
Praise Buddha.
We're back once again from mighty...
How come I'm making up my mind?
I'm mighty Red Chinese music here.
I'm gonna stick this in this other receptacle.
And get this booger going.
Ah, yes.
.
Oh, listen to that, friends.
Beautiful tune given to me by a taxi driver in Beijing.
Ah.
Them were the days.
Leaving the Friendship Hotel in China.
Friends, I must say that Bob guided our hands while we were on a trip to China.



He was instrumental in us getting the great shipment of Habba Frop Zipulops out of Tibet.
Friends, you think it's easy getting that Frop out of Tibet, but, you know, China is
the only way to get in there now.
We had to get 10,000 copies of the book of the subgenius smuggled into China and 10,000
tons of Habba Frop Zipulops out of Lhasa and through customs.
And, friends, we're going to have a great time.


Friends, it's espionage.
It was dangerous work.
At times, we ministers had to pretend we were brain surgeons.
We had to pretend we were filmmakers, prisoners of war.
And, you know, compared to all that tightrope of danger, it's mighty dull to be back here
in Dallas.
Don't you agree, bud?
Yeah, pretty much.
I haven't been out of the country since the last time I was in Malaysia.
They're doing good in Malaysia.
We ran into several students from there.
I'm glad you're here.
Some of the new zombies that have come out of Dobbs Town, the slack camps.
Friends, it was hard to leave China.
We had such a successful voyage there.
That vast, vast world of strange people.
And that's what's so great about them.
They're so strange.
I saw a good old DDT agent back there in Malaysia.
Speaking of strange.
Yeah, he was.
I saw him.
He had a good operation.
He came through.
He had his operation.
He's doing better now.
Well, they heal up.
They heal up.

After a while, I'll have a scar on my head next time you see me.
Buck, as a matter of fact, made a special deal.
But yes, I'm full of sea slug, eel, octopus, ox tail dinners, live baby mice.
That's the best one.
We couldn't afford the monkey brain.
You know, they eat monkey brain live.
The monkey's head is stuck through a hole in the table and he's sitting there in utmost
terror and they take the cleaver and hack the top of his head off.
Then everybody takes the cleaver off.

Then everybody takes their chopsticks and goes at that still thinking brain.
I mean, they don't even do it with the electric saw like they do in Malaysia?
No, no, no.
This is restaurants.
These aren't people.
These are monkeys.
In Malaysia, it's people.
So you have to be a lot more careful when you're sucking down some brain, sucking some
soul down.
Damn good old brains.
Brain full.
But friends, you know, most Chinese, a quarter of the world, a billion people, they don't
even know about Bob.
Or they didn't until we were there.
But now, friends, there are five devout subgeni, including our new announcer with that you
heard a little earlier, Dr. Li Li Jing, the pope of all China.
And we hope to get here on the show at some point.
The high priestess of all Asia, Li Yang.
You'll like Li Yang.
But yes, friends, these are some of the top folks in China, and that's all it really takes
to spread the virus of our belief system throughout the world.


We're still very busy, we're only at mere one billion people.
So our new gang of four or five subgeniuses will be listening to this tape on Voice of
America on their shortwave.
So hello to Zhang Ping and Zhang Laoshi.
You like them too, buck.
We've got the best kind of missionaries out there.
We tried to get some signals out to the subgenius faithful in the States, but I believe we were
being scrambled by the Russians.
Yeah.
Yeah.

Yeah.
experiment that we helped conduct out there.
So how's it been going here Buck? I understand we've had an incredible new type of crank collar.
Yes, Mr. PP is our sort of remote
co-host now. He's been, we officially installed him. He sort of installed himself over the last month or two.
They tend to do that, you know after a while. Well, you know, we had to replace Ronald, let's put it that way.
I'll get it.
You'll get it.
Okay. Well,
you know friends, the Chinese, most of them are actually not communists we found out. They're mere, like you or me,
they're not dupes. They're mere victims of that hideous conspiracy that covers the globe.
And I'm afraid one thing I learned there is that the the conspiracy has a much tighter grip on
China than it does on the US. I probably should have known that already.
But you know you get about
8,000 miles out of China,
out of town Buck, and you start to realize just how much slack you actually had.
I'd be put into a work camp for doing this show for one night in China.
And you wouldn't last five minutes. Oh, I don't know. I'm sneakier than you think. But look, we also brought
we've also brought our missionary here, a Christian missionary named Mr. Jim Ryan, and he's here with us too.
Awesome.
So how have you been doing trying to Christianize the masses out there?
Jim?
Pastor Buck, I've had some problems.
The first of all, they keep throwing bottles at me, and I've been throwing them back at them.
And they just do not understand the word of Bob there.
Occasionally they break.
But what about the word of Christ?
Like I was talking to you on the phone a little while ago, Stang.
And you were telling me that the Chinese are getting pretty mad at the Christian missionaries.
Could you tell me anything about this at all?
That's, to me, the most interesting part of this interview.
Well, as I understand it, actually, the Chinese are very suspicious of particularly Christian missionaries
because they've done so much spy work for the Goh Men Dong over the years
and the Japanese and all the other people that ever invaded China,
and not to mention you, me, and all of our listeners.
So there's some suspicion now.
It's not true that there's no church allowed in China.
In fact, on our secret camera, we have film of a Catholic Chinese church.
The only difference is they can't obey the Pope of Rome.
They have to obey the Pope of China, who never has been one until our visit there.
The Italians are real upset about this, I hear.
Oh, absolutely.
I keep hearing that.
Of course.
I'm just wondering why we don't get anything on Cassette 1 up there.
Everything says, oh, don't worry about Cassette 1.
It's just a maniac.
Anyway, this is Cassette 2.
Okay.
Well, Cassette.
Well, friends, I understand.
You were doing something a couple of weeks ago about,
is Reverend Tsang really in China or is this a fake?
And somebody called up and said that they saw me downtown.
Well, you know, we like to keep things sort of under our hat on the hour of Slack Radio Ministry,
and when we send one of our people abroad,
we're not going to tell you until he comes back because, well, look what happened to Sternow.
Look what happened to Sternow.
As a matter of fact.
Well, look, friends, there's all sorts of ways you can, you go off for a little while,
and, well, if you say the wrong thing in some of these countries,
there's an operation they can do with like almost just a fingernail file under the eyelid
without damaging the optic nerve.
They can actually give you a prefrontal lobotomy.
And I met a couple of students from Nairobi who, by the way, were into Dr. Maka Doody, I might add.
They knew him?
Yes, in Nairobi.
They knew the subgenius, St. Dr. Maka Doody.
Wow.
You were in Nairobi?
No.
I was in the Friendship Bar of the Friendship Hotel in Beijing,
but that place is full of African students.
They're only allowed foreigners, right?
No, no, no.
We had Chinese friends eating in there with us and so forth.
No kidding.
Okay.
Oh, yeah.
It's open, man.
It's real open.
As long as you're a foreigner, you can almost do as you please if you can get the permits.
Now, if you're Chinese, that's a little different.
If you don't get into college with the best grades in your high school, well, then they'll give you a job.
And once you're in that job,
they keep you in that job.
You can't quit.
Right. Of course.
And you can't be fired either.
So you're going to get paid no matter what kind of a job you do.
So, friends, you're wondering what the hour of slack is all about.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, you can tell we've really gone communist since God Almighty.
Well, I'll tell you what.
Talking about missionaries, this is a tape I just discovered on the way over here.
Don't turn it on yet.
This is the way you turn people on to Bob.
Now, see, this is a different kind of religion.
We don't have to be that hard sell.
We choose to be.
But we don't have to be that hard sell.
We have to be.
Now, when I left China, we had a good start.
There's a billion people there to be translated into the word of Bob physically and spiritually.
How's the work going to translate the pamphlet over there?
It's moving along.
We got the right people to do it.
I'll tell you that.
They just can't be caught at it.
You see, it's –
Oh, really?
It is tough.
So they can't mail it back to you?
Yeah, they can.
They just have to be real careful about it.
But this was getting – I got into an elevator going up to the room here.
And the elevator was –
This is a flight attendant lady.

Asked me who the man on my shirt was.
Hopefully we will...
See, friends, she knew.
She understands.
I told her let's meet...
Ni hao.
See, that means praise Bob in China.
And they say that all the time.
That's the way they say hello.
It sort of means praise Bob.
They just don't, most of them don't know who Bob is.
But, oh, they will, friends.
They know about the pills that Bob takes, though, over there.
Yes, they do.
And I can't believe we've only got one tape deck.
I can't do a show in here with one mere tape deck.
Now I'm saying house rules.
You can't complain about the equipment.
But, let's see.
For those who don't believe that, in China,
who don't believe there's a country there,
we did make some satellite recordings.
We couldn't get them over here because, well, they do things to you
if they find out what you're really doing.
One thing we've discovered is that you can't believe
what anybody says about themselves over there.
At one point, we were actually told by one of the translators
that there was a camera and a microphone in our room at the hotel.
I kid you not.
And you didn't notice it?
After all the cameras and microphones you have in your house?
Well, we took the place apart.
And they've got the finest little cameras.
I brought it with me.
In fact, that's what I recorded most of my rants all week on.
On my stolen communist spy cameras and recorders.
It was wonderful.
But, friends, you know, they need slack in China,
just like we do here, like everybody does.
But they don't have it.
And there's no explanation for that.
You just...
There's no explanation for that.
There's no explanation.
That's a thing you've got to remember, friends.
There's no explanation.
There's a black hole out of our window.
There's no light.
And there's no explanation.
There's only one thing you can do, friends.
Look out the window.
And that's trust in Bob.
Look out the window.
There's no light.
You can't see anything.
It's a blackout all over the whole neighborhood.
What happened?
Except for right here.
Right here, friends.
You've got to trust Bob in the dark.
If you could, there'd be no war, no crime, no open-ditch latrines.
You'd have to squat over like in some third-world country,
like Japan.
You'd be able to sit on the finest raised porcelain thrones
and pedestals with suction foe friends.
The Chinese love Bob.
They just don't know yet.
And when we were going through customs saying goodbye to Li Li Jing and Li Yan
and these wonderful new popes and priestesses,
they were chanting Bob and slack.
That's the truth.
They were.
They were indeed.
Well, the Chinese can really chant.
I mean, compared to an American.
Well, they've been...
They haven't been...
They don't have the...
I could call it the patience to really chant Bob the way they can in the East.
That's the one thing that's so spiritually strong about our friends in the Orient.
Uh-huh.
And the underground Chinese subgenius resistance.
You know, friends, someday, if those people, if our friends in China can do what Mao did,
all the Chinese people will be praising Bob and burning all the books that aren't about Bob
and beating and criticizing all the people that aren't into Bob.
And, oh, don't it bless your heart?
It's hard to think about that, friends.
Oh.
Because someday, you know, someday that's going to happen here in the U.S.
Oh, yeah.
This country, friends, it's going to happen here.
This country's going to get back to Bob.
I can see that uprise.
I can see it in my mind.
I can see an uprise in all of the country right now.
If they can do it in Red China, they can do it here, friends.
They're going to love Bob forever because they have to love Bob.
And that's the way it's going to be in the U.S.
You're going to love Bob, my friend, because you have to love Bob.
And if you don't, I will just...
You'll be sent to the...
Yeah.
Subgenius Slack Farm where you can dig ditches and carry baskets full of dirt on your shoulders
and push water buffalo around.
And until you're reeducated and you remember what slack really means,
you'll be ready to praise Bob then, won't you?
Oh, yeah.
I know you will.
But it was pretty amazing.
Friends, let's go to a little bit of taped live report from that strange country
while Buck tries to find out who is listening on our telephone.
Oh, by the way...
My friend, Professor Mickey Granta, who is the co-host sometime of this last month's show in China,
he was one time calling somebody on the telephone there.
Yeah.
And he heard his own voice from the day before,
a conversation the day before being played back on the phone
because somebody hit play instead of record somewhere in the phone company building in Beijing.
Yeah, that's been happening to me around here, too.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
I've been getting all kinds of weird things on our phone
because, see, we put our phone number on the air once.
Not me, but my buddies, my roommates.
Put our phone number on the air for their crazy projects.
Oh, Buck, that was me.
Well, as a result, you know, anyway, our phone's been tapped ever since.
Oh, yes.
And then now they'll know...
Can you imagine having to sit through my arguments with my girlfriend?
God.
If you're in the FBI...
I know.
Those FBI guys, one minute they'll be praising Bob
and the next minute they'll be cussing you out.
Oh, no.
Hating Buck.
Praise Bob and hate Buck, friends.
Oh, no, they're fighting again.
They're fighting again.
Oh, no.
We want to know how much more.
I just need...
I need to...
In America, before we spend money, we need to know how much.
So I'm hoping later there's not some deal I don't know about.
When we do business, we're responsible for the money.
And so before we have work done, we have to ask the price.
That's how our system works.
That's how it works.
That's how our minds work.
Are we?
Yeah.
We don't...
Oh, yes, friends.
And for some reason, this music, which sounds uncannily like Devo,
I was hearing this in the first night I was there in China.
The taxi driver was playing this bizarre thing.
Oh, yes, friends.
They listen to...
They don't get rock and roll.
They don't get rock and roll.
They don't get much in China.
They really don't.
It's sad.
They do get Hong Kong love songs, which is real radical for them.
They get...
And Taiwan rock and roll, which is like warmed over versions of current hits in America done
by Taiwanese bands sung in strange accents.
Like, girls just want to have fun.
They do, don't they?
The Chinese just want to have fun, too.
I...
At points, I was reading that they're not into the squirting universe in China.
They don't believe in getting sexy beyond marriage.
And I thought, well, gee, that's real moral, but it can't be true.
That must be a bunch of government propaganda.
It is.
It is, friends.
It is.
And that's...
I was so glad to hear that you can't suppress...
Of course, you can suppress having babies.
They have forced abortions in China.
If you have more than two kids...
If you have more than two kids, then that's it, boy.
You can go over to the scraper.
That's life control.
Yeah.
But see, that's why we were able to work on brain transplant experiments there.
That's called urethral day scraper.
Hey, man, that's crude.
That's not a...
That's bad, Buck.
I don't care.
It's easy to remember because it rhymes.
That's right.
See, I want to be...
I want to point out how atrocious this really is, okay?
But it's...
So...
So...
So I make it worse so that you can understand it out there.
I'm trying to shock you.
I'm trying to get you angry.
I'm trying to make you react.
Yeah.
It's all part of the satire, folks.
The diseases you get from listening to this show, that's just part of the satire.
So, like, don't worry about it.
The lawsuits the station gets, that's just part of the joke.
That's part of this big satire, see?
But as I was saying, you know, abortion is like...
It is murder, as Bob said, but it's murder in self-defense.
In China, they don't look at it that way.
It's murder against population growth.
But, see, that gives doctors like us an unending supply of donors of fetus brain tissue,
which, if you've been reading your Time magazine,
you'll know that's the only way to even work towards brain transplants,
is working on brain grafts using fetus brain tissue.
And in China, you've got donors, you've got no insurance problems,
and you've got no crippled people or mentally ill people
because they kill them.
And you don't have too many troublemakers like us
because they put them in the work camp right outside of town.
Not forever, not like they used to, you know.
They had that big revolution there to get rid of the horrors of feudalism,
and they ended up with something just as bad.
But, you know, it's a cultural thing.
I mean, Bob will be doing that to the United States.
And you're laughing.
You're thinking,
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, the U.S. couldn't.
We couldn't have a cultural revolution like China did.
No, Bob would never do that to us, would he, Bob?
Not the real Bob, my friends, but not the real Bob.
Well, there's a good Bob, there's a bad Bob,
and then there's a yellow Bob, and there's a white Bob.
And then there's doctors.
There's doctors.
There's a way to get rid of the horrors of feudalism.
Please, Bob.
Hello, my friends.
This is your Chinese correspondent for the Hour of Slang.
Li Liqing speaking to you from Beijing.
And this is the Chinese subgenius report.
Hello.


I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
It's me, Buck.
I screwed it up.
I know.
I whip myself every night after realizing what I've done to the show.
Oh, no.
You ruined it, Buck.
No, no.
When the spirit gets a hold of me, I don't know what I'm doing.
I can tell.
I'm truly glad.
We haven't stung.
We can absolve him just as long as he stays away for a while.
How can you say such a thing?
I thought all of us.
You didn't hear my show stung.
Yeah, that's true.
I haven't heard any.
I haven't heard any of Buck's shows.
We don't get, I mean, like I said, the Russians were scrambling the signal there in China.
Well, are you going to be back for a while now?
Apparently so.
Good.
Jeez, thanks.
I'll tell you, did you like Dr. Chaos any better?
Oh, I'm just so glad you're back, Reverend.
Okay, well, I'll be leaving the station in about half an hour.
So, you know, if any gladness, I'd be very glad to see myself.
Just before we go.
No, I'm just kidding.
I left three wives in China, two in Japan, and I got at least 37 here in the U.S.
And the payments are really good.
You're a master of swag, I can tell.
They all are good cooks.
The problem is they're also all feisty.
That's the problem with these subgenius girls.
It's like as soon as I walk out of here, they're going to be waiting for me with rolling pins.
Gotta get to what they're frying.
Yeah.
Or their new, well, anyway.
Hair curlers.
Oh, dear sister, I'm, well, who is this calling, by the way?
Oh, this is Joy.
It is, isn't it?
Oh, my.
Joy and Bob.
It makes me want to play some hymns.
It makes me want to play a cart.
Oh, yeah, that's true.
We do have to play the cart.
Well.
It is our obligation to the station.
Anyway, welcome back.
Well, thank you very much.
Okay, well, I hope I get some love calls after that.
Yeah.
Yeah, any.
Nice.
Yeah, let's have some buck love.
He's been saying hi, girls, as a sort of a trademark for six months now.
Well, I haven't even been able to say it lately.
All I can say is ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
I never know that.
Okay.
It takes a while.
It never does.
Yeah, we're going to get back to the Chinese report here pretty quick.
Okay, thank you.
Let's put on this next call and see if I got a call here.
Oh, I can tell she's touching her laugh right now with that thought of Bob.
Hello, our Slack.
Hello, my friend.
How are you?
Oh, it's Mr. Beepy.
This is him.
Okay.
Hello.
Mr. Beepy.
Yes, sir.
Did you hear my Mr. Beepy impression when we started the show tonight?
It was a shock to my system.
It was a shock to his system.
I couldn't believe it.
I don't understand why you make fun of me.
Make fun?
Heck, that's a tribute, dude.
That's a tribute to you.
Yeah, since I walked in the door here, everybody's been saying, wait until you hear Mr. Beepy.
I mean, dude, you've got a following out here.
What do those initials stand for?
Don't say it over the air.
Don't say it over the air.
Don't say it over the air.
Just remember this thing.
He's got more than one.
He's got more than one.
Listen, your reputation was reaching us all the way in Shanghai earlier in the month.
I was standing there.
They know about me over there.
Huh?
They know about me over there.
Oh, yes, they do.
In fact, on May Day, the anniversary of the Bolshevik Revolution, they were drawing mustaches
over the mustache on Karl Marx and putting your picture up.
A giant phallic symbol?
Yes.
I tell you, they're getting into Slack.
They're getting into Slack over there.
Praise Bob.
I cannot believe it.
Yeah, yeah.
America is such a wonderful place, and I praise Bob for it.
Where are you from?
Where am I from?
You sound like a local Texas guy.
Where I am?
Oh.
Oh, yeah.
Okay, I've got another tape of him.
Oh, you got to meet someone else, too?
Yes, yes.
I have another tape of you.
Would you like to come over sometime?
No.
Why not?
No, no.
Why not?
No.
I could show you my collection of you-know-whats.
Yeah, that's exactly why I don't want to meet you.
I do know what.
With that.
We've got that same collection, pal.
Look, I know.
Look.
We need to.
We're going to surprise you with a tape of yourself.
I didn't even know I had this.
Thank you.
I want to hear it right now.
Okay, this imposter here.
Let me see if I can get Professor Lee Lee Jang out of the box.
I'm waiting.
Time is of the essence.
No, no.
Not upside down.
Okay, now this imposter.
He goes by the name of E-Yah-da-Dee-Shee-I, and he's speaking in trance.
And this is a message I think we should all pay attention to.
Okay, go ahead.
Play it.
Oh, well, we have to take you off.
I have said this before, and I say it again.
Let us suppose the peoples that are coming here from others' past,
let us suppose they are spiders.
Ah!
They have come.
They have come to save you.
Yes, to eat.
Always be very suspicious about everyone who comes to save you,
because he is saving you for himself, and you cannot tell what for.
Save yourself, and you will be safe.
How do you do this?
By educating yourself.
You can't tell yourself as to what is.
Get out of the child mind.
Get into adulthood.
This means you will have to be responsible for your dream.
If you are not willing to be responsible, just do that.
Well, friends, you see, that was unbelievable.
I think that is the same individual who has been calling this show.
This tape says it is Iyadadi Shiite, the entity.
The tape is called You Are the Dreamer.
And this man, this is a tape of a man, a man like you or me,
who goes into a trance and makes these pronouncements,
which you can barely understand on only one channel, about the aliens.
And what he was basically saying on there is that the aliens want to eat you,
but you want to be used by them because you love authority so much.
And he has got a point there, you know.
Yeah.
I have got another caller right here and I will just patch this fellow in.
I need another tape deck, man.
There is no media barrage hellish background noise going on.
I have got a...
I am going to...
Hello, caller?
Hello?
Hello.
Yeah, go ahead and say that again.
The sound of the salute, the tone, can you tell me what frequency it is?
Yeah, yeah.
It drives my cat.
It drives my cat crazy.
It is a very...
Actually, a very...
It is a combination of a 27 and a half over about a thousand point three.
No, you do not understand.
So 440 is standard, okay?
Yeah.
I have two cats, you see.
They both go crazy when they hear it.
Like this?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
What have we done to them?
That is exactly what they do.
How do they look?
How do they look?
Do they do that?
No.
They are...
I finally got some background noise.
No, but they are learning.
They are learning to do this?
Well, thanks for sharing that with us.
Yeah.
That is wonderful.
Well, those...
See, they are...
What this salute does to cats is a shame, and that is why the Chinese think we are a
bunch of dog people, man.
They think we are...
We are...
Yeah, yeah.
Death, death.
The Chinese think that we are like...
Like just these clumsy, big, bad, ill-mannered, you know, dogs.





Quasi-retarded, culturally deprived idiots.
But we are not as bad.
They do not think us Caucasians and black people are nearly as bad as the Chinese minorities
who are like the Tibetans and Mongolians.
And it is like...
It is like a hideous cartoon of the U.S. in the 50s.
The Mongolians and Tibetans and Chinese minorities have to sleep in their own hotels.
They drink out of their own water fountains, and they have to sit at the back of the bus.
No way.
Really?
It is just like the U.S. before Bob.
But friends, if China is like America before Bob arrived, I want you to know that last
week Bob arrived in China.
So we have got a firm toenail hold on mainland China, friend, an unholy alliance between
slack and communism.
Praise Bob.
Oh, yeah.
So the conspiracy is everywhere.
Did that...
Was Mao the same way?
I mean, did he approve of putting everybody in the...
Back in the 60s?
Back in the 60s.



And they kept putting it in the bus and all that?
Oh, yeah.
This is all...
I mean everybody...
All us workers are equal, Bob.
You know...
Except for the minorities.
The dumbest, most ill-informed Chinese worker is equal to the richest party member, who
has...
Who gets paid real highly and can buy all sorts of products, the other ones can't.
It is just that some party members Are more equal than some ordinary citizens.
That is kind of like from...
Yeah, kind of like.
You could say.
Yeah.
to give you an idea.
Now, the funny thing is I talked to a lot of
old hipster radical types who said,
oh, yeah, Reverend Stang, I've been to China.
I was with a radical tour group.
They showed us the ideal commune.
They showed us the rich peasants.
That's like, it's utopia.
There's no crime.
There's no rape, they said.
Right.
But that's like judging the United States from Disneyland.
That's exactly what it is.
That's exactly what it is.
And we were there for a month working,
alongside the workers.
I mean, we were workers, too.
And after about a month,
they start to tell you what they really think.
And friends, oh, they need slack.
They need bong.
Stang, while you were gone.
Maybe not bong, but at least they need bong.
One of the greatest American basketball players
is named Akeem Olajuwon.
Yeah.
He went to, well, he's pretty big.
He's not that big.
He's about 6'9".
Although they listed him at 7'0",
because he just plays over everybody's head anyway, okay?
He's from Nigeria, okay?
Uh-huh.
So.
So, anyway, when they went there with Clyde Drexler
from the University of Houston,
they went to Disneyland in California.
And so Clyde Drexler starts talking to a Goofy,
you know, one of the Goofys at Disneyland.
You know, the dog, right?
And Akeem Olajuwon comes up to him and says,
who is this dog and why did he speak to you?
Yeah.
Why did he speak to you, friend?
You see, in China, Goofy would end up in somebody's stew pot.
That's right.
You know, along with Muffy and Fluffy and all the other house pets,
because they can't afford to be keeping a frozen goblin animal around.
Mickey for dessert chocolate covered for us.
Yeah.
No, they quit eating rats.
There was a big rat problem for a while, about 10 years ago,
and the government started sending out on the early morning news show
that everyone in the country listens to on loudspeakers,
because you can't turn them off.
They said, they gave them rat recipes and how you could eat rats,
but the rats were so full of DDT
that everybody started getting sick from the rats.
So then they had to do another propaganda campaign
to make people quit eating rats.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I heard that they, what did they do?
They got rid of some kind of animal
by just getting everybody after them out there.
What was it?
Now, which?
What animals did they get rid of in China?
Birds.
Oh, really?
Yeah, birds.
They used a lot of DDT and got rid of all the insects, see?
They thought that was a real modernistic move for the five-year plan.
Well, the birds didn't have anything to eat,
so the birds are all gone and the insects came back,
because they got their immunity up by a few generations down,
and no birds to eat them.
So you've got to use really strong DDT in China these days.
Maybe they'll have to borrow a little stuff from the Soviet Union, from the Ukraine.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, they are.
They do.
They borrow from both.
And by the way, America made a big arms sale to China just about three weeks ago,
and they were real friendly to us after that.
I bet you out there hardly even heard about it.
No.
As a matter of fact, you probably didn't hear about the joint air maneuvers.
You probably didn't know about how we know what was on the, what happened there.
Joint air maneuvers.
Hey, get this, Buck.
I was sitting in the bar at the Friendship Hotel,
and these French and German scientists, this hotel is full of scientists that live there,
these guys are behind me looking at satellite photographs.
The Romanian journalist for Radio BG,
he says, oh, those are US spy satellite pictures from Chernobyl.
And they sure indeed were.
You could see it.
You could almost see people down there like little ants.
And that's why we got this report here.
They're intercepting it?
They're intercepting them?
Yeah.
They're intercepting them in China?
Yes.
The Romanians are?
Oh, no, no.
These French and German guys did.
And the Romanian just overheard what they were saying.
In France and Germany, right?
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
Okay.
But here's how we do it, friends.
This is a report from Beijing that Professor Mishel,

Mickey Garanta, and I did about that very self-same subject matter
of how they get those pictures.
Speaking for the hour of slack in Dallas, Texas,
but I'm speaking tonight from Beijing in the People's Republic of China
with super espionage expert, Dr. Mickey Garanta.
And, Dr. Grant, would you explain to me once again just exactly what kind of,
just exactly what sort of,
I've got to check the tab.
How you got there.





How you got those, how did you get...
Just a second.
I'm looking for some bugs.
And the Chernobyl explosion.
Is this on?
Is this on?
How did you get your information regarding the radiation spread from the Chernobyl,
let's call it the small accident that our friends, the UGWO rounds had?
KH-11.
KH-11.
The KH-11?
KH-11 satellites.
We've got to deal now with the Chinese.
With the KH-11s, they released photo devices.
What?
They're the ones that they shoot down and the balloon pops up.
The C-131 comes along and it picks up those suckers.
Okay, they've got homing devices on the film that's dropped from the orbiting satellite.
On the pouch.
Now, what do our Chinese friends have to do with those?
They allow us to fly our C-131s over their territory
because some of these in the southern part of Russia,
since we lost our good buddy in Iran,
some of these, some of these, they float down this direction.
And that's one of the big things we've got going with the Chinese.
Oh, that's a good one.
That's why we're training them to fly up there and catch them.
Well, we do more than that.
We've had joint air maneuvers.
We had the first joint air maneuvers in 1984 with the Chinese Air Force
and the U.S. Air Force.
That was in October 1984.
Now, how come we didn't hear about this in general release of news in the U.S.?
A lot of reporters, AP reporters, in fact, some others I know,
they were aware of it, but this was kind of killed back in the U.S.
This wasn't the sort of thing to put on at that time.
So, you know.
Not exactly prime time material, eh?
Well, you know, what can I say?
One morning there were about five generals with stars on the Great Wall.
What can I say?
Yeah.
Why in the world would George Bush, former head CIA, be the first ambassador to China?
Think about it.
Think about it.
Think about it.
That's the hard part, sir.
There's only one hard part.
There's only one hard part.
Praise God.
Oh, yes, my friend.
It's true.
Yes, that's true.
We're right here in red communist times.
Let's go talk to some folks out here and just put this on here
and let these folks out here, let them listen to this.
We're going to go talk to some.
What a pung-yo-yow Fiji.
That's what I mean, Fiji.
Fiji?
Yeah.
Shenzai-tai.
Shenzai-tai.




I'm saying my friend wants a prostitute.
Tai-meo-tai-tai.
In-we-wo-tao-dao-me-ko-sa-tai-tai.
Tai-meo-tai-tai.
His wife in America is not here, and he needs a Chinese tai-tai or wife.
Tai-meo-tai-tai.
In-we-wo-tao-dao-me-ko-sa-tai-tai.
Tai-meo-tai-tai.
Tai-meo-tai-tai.

Tai-meo-tai-tai.
Tai-meo-tai-tai.
Just so that they know the truth.
That was Chinese in an elevator.
That was the 10th.
10 people at an elevator on top of a hotel.
We won't say which hotel.
No, we can't.
Oh, sir.
We couldn't pronounce it either.
That would be revealing too much because we just met another CIA guy in the bar.
That's exactly right.
And he would hear this broadcast.
Oh, word.
And he would know.
Who done it?
Friends, they listen to the hour of slack, and I do mean they.
You know what I mean.
Them.
Hey, oh, and we hate them, don't we?
We don't necessarily hate them.
I'm one of them.
We need to.
Yeah, we got to have.
Would you go into a little more detail on exactly how these spy satellites work that our government is keeping over?
For instance, how we know that the population of Kiev is being evacuated at this moment?
Our biggest problem, everybody thinks we got satellite over all of Russia, and that ain't true.
We watch skis, teach military areas in specific places.
We can't watch all of Russia.
So, man, a whole bunch of time passed.
There was some radiation detected in Sweden.
These guys pay all attention to that kind of stuff.
And the moment they said that, we started looking.
We studied the wind.
We studied everything.
And we finally fucking.
Whoops.
Excuse me.
We finally discovered that that wind was coming from this particular area down there in that part of Russia.
And immediately we sent the appropriate satellite vehicles.
Guided satellite vehicles.
All these are guided, man.
These K-11s, they got, they got, they got all kinds of ramble type jets.
Like a video game.
Just about.
Just about.
Just about.
In fact, the control looks real similar.
Have you ever operated one of those?
You want to do that one day?
I'd love to.
Oh, we can get you to do that.
Oh, yeah.
From here in Beijing?
No, you can't do it from here in Beijing.
You have to go to Tokyo or back.
Or Houston.
Yeah, Houston.
Yeah.
That's near, that's near the bottom.
Jet Propulsion Lab is the main place.
You can do it from Washington, too.
The president likes to do that sometimes.
He likes to take hold of the joystick and move those suckers around.
You'd not believe what you can see.
But anyway, that's how all that happened.
You know.
I understand you can see down the premier, the front of the premier's blouse in Moscow.
Well, it depends on the cleavage.
Yeah.
That's the bottom line.
It depends on the cleavage.
Most of them, most of them Ruskies got some damn big old.
Well, it depends on cloud cover.
They just get lucky.
Well, they don't get that crazy hard.
And it's year two...

So.


It's fiddling.



I think I'm getting a little tired of it.
out. That's too bad because well, actually, we can get a live
traffic report from Beijing because Dr. Garanta is going
back there. He's gonna be with us now. Wonderful. Huh? Where is
that? Is she? Oh, we had a caller with a message in Chinese
from Bob she claims. They all say what has happened here?
Oh, is that you? Hello, Mr. PP. We were looking for a way.
There's a girl supposed to be called that we were gonna put
on next. I don't know what happened to her. She could call
back if she's listening, but I don't know how how that
happened. Yeah, that's right. Okay, Bob. Bob said four things
to you in Chinese, right? You say you have a message from Bob?
Yeah.
Okay, well,
let's get started. Let's get started. Let's get started. Let's
spit them out. Okay, first, you said, I flung down.
Whoa. I flung down. Amazing. Amazing. No, listen, listen,
listen. And then he said, one hung low. Okay. Uh-huh. Those
are famous book authors. No, no, no, no. And then he said,
we're in the Fungi. Uh-huh. That's an Indian tribe. Okay,
what what else was it? We're in the Fungi? Yeah. Well, it's
actually derived from the Fugawi tribe. Oh, really? Right. The
first one is from the Fungi tribe. Oh, really? Right. The
first two were are authors of books respectively titled
Brown Spots on the Wall and I can't remember the other one,
but that's the I don't think that was Bob. I think that was
perhaps the one whose name we must not say. He who has no
name. He who was in heavy rotation for the last three
weeks. Yeah. Well, tell me some more about the birds because
like I've got a bird here and I've had problems with her
before. Well, first, you may be eating DDT. For kill all the
insects and the birds will die. Okay. That noble experiment was
tried by our comrades in the Far East and it worked
wonderfully. So, if you have lots of roaches, the bird ought
to be okay. Anyway, now, a word from your station, the voice of
the people, K and Owen and this is called Dallas PD. That's
excellent. That's excellent. That was really pretty good.
Okay. I'll pull it out and stick it in here. Okay.
Again. Forgive me.
No one can tell you how to lead your life but please be
informed the last couple of weekends, the Dallas Police
Department has been running a campaign of apparent
intimidation in the Deep Harlem area. Please be advised that the
slightest violation of law can get you into a lot of trouble.
Do not sell out. Please go and see all the shows but be
extremely careful what you do on the sidewalks and in public
and have all of your papers in order.
Do not let them win in this battle of wills.
Ah yes, dear friends.
Listen to that beautiful sound. I'm gonna switch over to
another sound here. Ah yes, friend. You know, friends, the
conspiracy is everywhere, especially in China and the
Chinese can get in a lot more. Oh, the conspiracy just walked
through the door in the form of Norm Ward. The pink boys are
back. No, that's cruel. That's no, we've been having a feud
staying. You don't know about that. Oh, okay. So, this is my
number.
Oh, yes, friends. Now, see. Conspiracy is everywhere. As I
was saying, those poor Chinese people can get in a lot more
trouble than you and me for carrying their book of the
subgenius in public. I'm afraid sometimes for my friends and in
China. I can imagine Li Jing getting caught and going,
are you Li Jing? You read the foreigners pornography about
this man, Bob.
You have a choice now. Li Jing either denounce this Bob and
Confucius or we will send you to the work camps with bamboo
shoots in your eye and I would say and Buck would say Li Jing
whatever you do, denounce Bob. If Bob walks in, kill him. Don't
let him do that to you. Cuz friends, not all religions call
for martyrs. Only Bobbies. The pathetic Bobbies should be
martyrs in this church and Li Jing, our Chinese subgenius
friends. You're not Bobbies. So, it's your duty,
to renounce to Bob, your duty to Bob to renounce Bob. If not
doing so, would get you in trouble and then you're free to
continue to secretly subvert Red China and bring them around
to slack and why thousands of yuan will be coming Bob's way
soon. Everything half-price friends to Chinese subgeniuses
not counting Taiwan or Hong Kong. Half-priced. So, just
remember folks, Bob is a man, not a god.
God would never understand what how the party keeps you
enslaved or how your job keeps you in the slave.
Army. So, friends, before we sign off, I have to tell you,
I'm gonna be doing a marathon run. I am, I, Reverend Stang,
am gonna run 2,000 miles along the Great Wall of China on a
pogo stick and I'm gonna be carrying 10,000 copies of the
book of the subgenius to hand out to those needy Chinese,
spiritually starved Chinese.
And $100 will put a book of the subgenius in the hand of a
Chinaman because friends, those China people need Bob and maybe,
I don't know, maybe you need Bob. Maybe you need to be saved
by saved by a Chinese who's already been turned on to Bob.
So, from now on, I want our Chinese American friends to
know that you're not forgotten and we're gonna be bringing you
a Chinese language couple of minutes of slack every couple
of weeks here. In the meantime,
friends, all we can say is, Bob loves you. We're gonna have to
sign off here. Hang on for Monday morning.
And we'll be the Monday morning cornerbacks, friends.
They're using that shock treatment again.
Friends, I need, Bob gave me my shock treatment. I've got that
Bob blindfold on.
And friends remember to send your tithe and your offering,
love offerings to the church of the subgenius.
And do you have that mailing address, friends? Do you have that
mailing address for information, free information from the church?
Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214 for your free information pack.
Church of the subgenius, Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
214 USA.
USA, friends. God bless America.
Praise Bob, friends. We're gonna let Dr. Onan Kanabot's lovely music carry us to the end.
Ah, yes.
You'll just remember to send those prayer blankets. We need those blankets and
contraceptives for the children in the home for slackless children. Ah, yes. Praise Bob.
Help me, Lord of Bob.
Praise somebody.

Yay!
Yay!
Yay!
Yay!
Yay!
Yay!
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Yes, friends, this was a rerun of an hour of slack,
number 33, in fact, from July 1986, recorded in Dallas, Texas.
Nothing in this old recording relates to anything that exists now.
You can learn more about the modern Church of the Subgenius from subgenius.com
or write for information from subgenius at post office box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
And praise Bob, praise Bob, and praise Bob.
Ni hao!
Franken-Budweiser
Franken-Budweiser
Watchin' Bob on TV
Swallowing red men
The day my coon dog died
Reading the pamphlet
Over and over again
I was drinkin' Budweiser
In Budweiser
In Budweiser
I was on TV
I was on TV
The day that Uncle
The day that Uncle
Good kick
By a mule
I was with Cousin Junior
I was with Cousin Junior
But the N.A. backfired
But the N.A. backfired
I was drunk
I was drunk
I was lonely
I was plastered
I was plastered
I was drunk
I was drinking
I was drinking budweiser
I was drunkin' Budweiser
NO!!
THE END
