There is absolutely no other possibility.
And now you are ready for the final 200,000 mile voyage to the moon.
We subjected it to careful editing.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to...
The subgenius hour of swag.
This is cassette one, track one of Our Sunday Visitor from March 20th, 1988,
which is being recorded for the Xavier Society for the Blind with the permission of the publishers.
The evolution of an idea.
The inception.
The history of an idea is the history of incitement.
For once an idea is born, it demands recognition and above all, belief.
Belief incites faith.
And faith is the most important thing.

Faith incites action.
Thus does a tiny flame of personal conviction become an irresistible force that can,
and oftentimes does, affect the lives of thousands upon thousands of people throughout the civilized world.
This is the true story of one man's inspired thought.
The anatomy of a belief that became an obsession.
The evolution of an idea.
And here's the story.
Subgenius Catechism in a Nutshell.
Slack, likened to a retarded form of grace or zen satori.
Man was born with original slack.
A slack is granted by the church's martyred traveling salesman savior, J.R. Bob Dobbs,
who was allegedly assassinated and resurrected countless times.
Subgeniuses possessing the incomprehensible slack enjoy lives of condoned hedonism.
Encouraged to explore paleo-sexuality, xenophilia, and altered consciousnesslessness,
they challenge the normal conspiracy, i.e. mundane existence.
In short, quit your day gig.
Subgenius Catechism in a Nutshell.
Cut the soles off your shoes and learn to play the flute.
But this isn't just rehashed hippiedom.
It's much, much weirder.
And it's growing.
From wild multimedia devibles featuring skull-splitting music and severed polyfoam heads catapulting from onstage
to a national radio hour of slack.
From Arise, the subgenius video,
Polygram,
and Bob's favorite comics, Ripoff Press,
to the newly released Revelation X, The Bobapacrafon, Simon & Schuster,
there's obviously a permanent new wrinkle in the world's worship fabric.
And the cling-free in the middle of the mess is me, Reverend Ivan Stang, dear friends,
reading from this new rave, uh, girly magazine here, uh, this article,
by Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Yes, he didn't tell him that's who he was when he got the job.
If you don't understand that, Stang starts ranting right now,
you're already a conspiracy slave!
No being tortured into believing in Big Brother, you went willingly!
You bent over those tight little aerobicized buns and squealed like a pig!
That credo,
separates the church from Janet Reno's hit list,
and the jizz-dizzy housewives who channel warriors from Atlantis.
Yet, Stang, that's me, insists the church is real religion,
the true one, not satire.
In Bob's church, with its strange spiraling logic,
Bob isn't the messiah, no, but a short-duration personal savior.
Bob grants slack to his church,

and the two subgeniuses, describing slack is like talking Picasso to the blind.
But, imagine being stoned and very lucky at once.
Subgeniuses are weirdos, mavericks who might have yeti genes.
Bob uncovered the normal conspiracy which robs subgeniuses of slack,
and is destroying the planet.
Subgeniuses hunger for slack, Stang says, drooling.
We sense it, recognize it for what it is.
Pink, Ken, and Barbie normals wouldn't recognize slack if it sat on their faces.
We're not smarter than normals, just better.
Stang stares blankly a moment, then starts ranting again,
on X day, he whispers, face contorted, grimacing gleefully,
Jesus is returning with a revenge armada.
The men from Planet X are going to rotisserie gold this planet,
and turn the normals into a vast carpet of lard.
And we subgeniuses will be escaping in vessels of sex goddesses,
all earthly pleasures fulfilled, and watching it all on video.
If this is true, it might be wise to know who or what is a true subgenius,
especially since Jesus is Bob's golf partner.
But Bob's church isn't built on a rock, it's built on a shifting sandy beach of cash,
forked over for membership.
Subgeniuses look like, well, you can't judge a book by the cover,
so you can't tell that way.
Stang says, sweetly,
Only Bob and that $30 check to the Subgenius Foundation can make the dip.
True subgeniuses try to get the knowledge free,
but on X day the homes of the paid up will be surrounded by a force field bubble,
and when chainsaw tooth robo-terminators rip your flesh,
you'll wish you'd set aside that offering.
Stang pinches his earlobe, smiles, eyes closed,
seemingly tranced out.
Uh, here I begin drooling and muttering to myself.
Sacred Scribe, Stang says smugly.
Oh, that's pretty damn high up.
But the book is subgenius, and now, Revelation X, it took a lot out of me.
Bob's so elusive.
Stang continues mysteriously,
he's meeting VIPs all the time, he goes into trances in the oddest places,
he'll scrawl a few words of what he's experiencing on napkins, pizza crust, toilet paper,
and our publisher can't figure out what took so long.
But yet, Stang then stands, finger pointed skyward, eyes rolled back, possessed.
This is truly the Third and Last Testament, Stang shouts, trilling the R's.
When they see Revelation X and Reverend Palmer Vreede's beauty,
beautiful, repugnant arch,
slack will drip down the pants-leg of both subgeniuses and normals alike.
Yeah, I might as well just do it all in one accent now.
Long-winded setup complete, Stang collapses like a spent erection.
Reverend Palmer Vreede's, better known as Paul Mavridis,
is one of the world's finest cartoonists.
Just check any history of underground comics
for his credentials, among them, work on the fabulous furry Freak Brothers.
Let's just say Reverend Vreede's is a perfect example of how Bob changes lives.
I don't give a hoot about religion, Palmer whines,
eyes darting about the room, paranoid scanning.
I found Bob in a garbage can, man.
Pamphlet number one, the world ends tomorrow and you may die.
Been doing stuff for him ever since.
But it's getting too weird.
X-Day's coming, man.
Believe it.
Vreede's pauses, reflecting on what Bob has done for him.
My penis is much bigger now, he says, distantly.
It gets bigger as your brain shrinks.
Then, silence.
Well, friends, a little bit of reading from what the conspiracy allowed
lonesome cowboy Dave and ourselves to say about ourselves.
They're on New Rave magazine.
It says here, sex, fun, rock and roll.
Church of the subgenius exposed.
And a couple of young ladies are exposed here on the cover of their special holiday issue.
Yes, yes, yes.
Well, now that you know what the church of the subgenius is all about,
and thanks also to Osric Tentacles running in the background here,
lovely psychedelic type band.
Now that you know everything you need to know about the church of the subgenius,
we may continue.
In my country, our great strength lies in our differences.
But still we must learn this if we would succeed in moving beyond tolerance
into the world of understanding.
This then is a fable for our time, and I would hope not necessary for all time.
Once upon a long ago, just off the winding road to somewhere,
and nestling between the mountains of time and destiny,
lay the valley of the purple people.
From the veranda of his home on the peak of the mountain of time,
the old man gazed thoughtfully across the violet carpet.
Time, he thought, to pick a new bouquet for my table.
And sighing deeply and wearily with the years,
he started down the mountain and into the valley.
The violets themselves, nodding on their stems,
noted his coming and began to preen themselves,
for it was a privilege to be among the chosen few plucked each time for his table.
Soon the old man was among the purple people,
and he took unto himself a bouquet rich in violet, lavender, and all shades of purple.
Throughout the rest of the day, the remaining flowers drank in the sun,
and with the coming of dusk, they slumbered.
This was the repeated pattern as days, months, and years went by.
Into the secluded valley no stranger came,
and no wind from the outside world disturbed them.
But nothing is remote forever.
And one day a strange wind did blow across the valley,
bringing with it seeds from beyond the mountains.
And as the sun and rain nurtured the earth,
the seeds blossomed forth.
And one bright morning there were among the purple people
strangers of red, yellow, blue, gold, and white,
a myriad of colors which gave to the valley now the beauty of a rainbow.
But the purple people were horrified, and they were angered.
These multicolored strangers were unwelcome,
for they had desecrated the valley with their ugliness, their differentness.
They were not purple.
There was not even a hint of violet among them,
and therefore they were unfit to live and to grow in the valley.
They must be destroyed, or at least isolated.
Could they not be sent to some valley of their own?
Could they not sink their roots in red valleys, or blue valleys, or yellow valleys?
Or gold? Why must they contaminate us?
The old man on his mountain will be angered.
He will no longer come to pluck us for his table.
The rains will no longer make fertile our soil,
and the sun no longer send its healthful rays among us.
And the purple people were absolutely correct.
Yes, dear friends,
did you know the ability to openly be a subgenius is taken for granted?
But just a portion of a human lifespan ago,
being different was a glen or glenda type of offense,
usually punished with a scenery-chewing suicide,
with a car wreck, or with some other timely hand-of-God type thing.
Oh, and if God failed, they dreaded it.
They would drag you out of your home and beat you to death,
and life was good.
But times have changed.
Oh, now, not everything has changed, mind you.
They will still hate you for what you think,
what you say, and what you are.
They just can't beat your brains out out in the open as much as they used to.
Oh, but the normal pink boys have hit that snooze button one too many times.
This is their wake-up call.
Their turn is up.
Now, it's a celebration of weirdness.
Oh, we can wallow in it.
We can wag our weirdness in their faces and not die for it.
But maybe, maybe that's the problem.
Maybe I need the thrill of risk again.
Well, I'll have fun tomorrow because I'll be an absolutely fabulous target.
If they can't draw a bead on this hell-red hair flashing in the sun,
they ought to be able to nail the flag I've made for the occasion.
Oh, yeah, I've been busy at the sewing machine, Seekers,
and I've created an updated version of the state flag.
And I think it looks right purty with the stars and bars replaced with a rainbow
and the sign of the happy Klansmen on the state seal.
Oh, let them fire a bullet through my version of free speech on a stick.
Hey, the Bill of Rights sometimes protects the wrong people, doesn't it?
But there it is, inscribed by our founding fathers,
a bunch of white, landed males of the aristocracy.
And if the good, solid, normal citizens of Cobb County
can't respect the opinion of a bunch of fellow good old white boys,
well, what's this world coming to?
But the purple people were wrong.
The sun did shine, and the rains did come,
and all of the flowers of the valley grew stronger and brighter,
and the soil grew more fertile because the red flowers and the blue flowers
and the white and yellow and gold flowers brought to it the variety of richness it needed.
While it might be fair to say
that it's now anbres
and it's made from a washed into�
and into khaki
pure iron
Is it just that Mackerel,
He is so poor at this point in the show that we might as well get all the way into it.
And I've got a recording here, let's bring that down, of Dr. Legume and his young protege,
Brother Joshua, or Yeshua, Christian baiting at the East Coast Cult Conference.
We talked about this episode in Dr. Legume's life a couple of shows back,
and this tape is not really very high quality, so I'm going to have to ask you to listen very closely
and let your brain filter out the hiss.
If you're like me, the hiss hardly ever makes any difference at all,
because you're dealing with so much, shall we say, hiss and white noise in your life.
In your very life.
In your very life.
That you generally just sort of, your brain does filter a lot of it out just for survival purposes.
So, do the same thing with this tape, okay?
And listen real close, and I think it'll be worth it to you,
as Dr. Legume baits some of the well-meaning religious people there at the East Coast Cult.
Conference.
Conference.
Thank you.
Lay it right out there on the table for all to see.
And come what may, you're going to...
That's where religion comes into the picture, okay?
You saw Word of Worlds where the priest walked up to the spaceship.
You want the whole world to see it, okay?
The faith that is exercised here is between you and the Lord.
Yeah.
Okay?
We don't have a religion here.
It's a relationship.
It's the holy wine of atonement.
It's the drunkenness of...
Confidential.

Confidential.
It's not back and out.
What we do here is we drink cranberry juice.
But don't spread that.
There's no...
You know, it's cranapple, by the way.
What is it symbolic of?
It's symbolic of the blood filling your cup again and again.
So, you symbolically drink blood?
We drink the real thing in the Church of the Subgenius.
Yeah, we play hardball.
Is that why you guys are so screwed up in the head?
We look screwed up.
You just told me that.
You put it out.
And it is game over by all our reflexes
so that you don't handle it like such a sucker,
theES Strand cooked your cup,
but if it wasware, should not have been a good job.
Interesting.
We're talking about the
terrific job you just did.

I never told anybody you gotta follow my rules.
That's a crock.
In fact, I told people not to do what I do.
Because I know who I am, and I know my own witness.
Why are there laws against sodomy?
Where's the word sodom come from?
Sodomy was a felony when this country was founded.
Right, it was founded 200 years ago.
And why is it called sodomy?
Where did they get that word sodomy from?
In life.
So if that's why Christians trying to inflict their rules
on everyone else, maybe somebody wants to be sodomized.
Well, if you did your studying of history,
you would know that the family-
Well, dear friends, I don't wanna inflict our hits
on you for too much longer.
We'll, you know, as I dig further and delve further down
into these many tapes, do you hear these tapes?
Can you even imagine in your wildest,
yeah, there's, well, there's,
there's a bit of it, dear friends.
And the next one is this one.
This tape is for
you!
Turn it up!
What you say?!
Where'd you get this?
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.

We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
Is there buddy purgatory where they while away their sins and spend long years atoning for each
crime? Perhaps they fly to paradise on furry little wings and play the harp to fill their
happy time. I only know we all one day must take our final nap. We'll twitch our tails and say a
quick goodbye when we are caught forever in God's last big rabbit trap eating pellets in that hutch
beyond the sky.
This is Nenslow speaking to you from beautiful Portland, Oregon, the Rose City. Speaking to you this evening because there's, well, frankly, there's something I have to say to all of you wonderful listeners out there.
I've been hearing from a number of people
that Reverend Ivan Stang has been sending out a form letter and I received a copy of it myself. So I have the evidence of my own eyes to go on on this for once in my life. That he's sending out a form letter telling people that the Portland revival was lousy. And you know, there's a reason why he's doing that. I'd like to share that reason with all of you today or tonight or whatever it may be.
Wherever you are listening to this in your home or your office or your car. I'd like to share with you the reason why Reverend Ivan Stang is saying that the Portland revival was lousy. The reason is it was lousy. But there's a reason for that. You see, the reason why the Portland revival was so lousy was simply this.
The reason why the Portland revival was so lousy was simply this.
And this is a reason and a lesson that I think we can all take to heart. We should all think about this frequently, daily, all the time probably. We should just always think about this over and over and not think of anything else.
That a clench, listen to this now, this is important and sincere from me personally, Nazlo, a clench gets the revival it deserves.
Stunningly simple, isn't it? I'll even say it again. It's such a good thing to say. A clench gets the revival that it deserves.
Now, I've had a lot of people, dozens, even my own loving wife, Mrs. Nazlo included, come up to me afterward and say, you know, there's all these things that you could have done to make it better.
There's all of these.
There's all of these things that you could have done to make it fulfill my personal expectations. Oh, you could have had a giant bob head with glowing eyes come down out of a flying saucer, a flying saucer that would zoom on wires down from the balcony of the theater and this giant bob head with glowing eyes could lower down. And I know a guy who's got a fog machine and this and that and the other thing. Oh, you could have attached electrical shock wires to it.
You could have attached electrical shock wires to every seat in the house or you could have had dancing skeletons or you could have done this or that. And it would all have been so much more like what I wanted it to be is what they're saying to me.
And you know what? These are the people, the very same people who sat around and said, oh, you know, there's going to be some kind of show.
And then they came and they paid.
They paid their money and they sat and they watched it.
And then.
Afterward, they sat around and talked about how it could have been better or different.
Now, I think you may notice a common thread through here.
The sat around part.
Now, we've got a lot of people who are just delighted to do the sitting around part for us.
And.
The complaining part and the part where you tell everybody how it could have been better or what they should have done.
All the shouldas and couldas and no wouldas.
They're just, oh, they just love to be able to say, well, this is how I thought it should have been.
And yet, you know.
I went to I went to one of the meetings.
Now, I'm guilty of this myself.
I only went to one of the meetings because, frankly, I had put the entire proceedings into capable, capable hands.
And so I went to one of the meetings and I could see that that this was being run really well, really handled, handled beautifully.
And I saw that there were about eight people at this meeting.
No women, of course.
All guys with varying.
Weird facial hair and in physical and mental deformities.
But that's what you get with the church like this.
I went to one meeting and, you know, there was only about two people from that meeting that I even saw at the revival.
I mean, they they were willing.
These people were actually willing to attend a meeting for something that they weren't even interested in going to, which is more than the people who actually paid to go.
So there's a lot of people that are willing to go.
And they're willing to see the thing we're willing to do themselves.
So so what am I?
What are you saying here?
Ninslow is what you're probably thinking.
Get to the point or stop yapping.
So that's what I'll do.
The point here is that you got people who want to put on some kind of a Judy Garland, Mickey Rooney type of let's have a show and magic show and make dimes in our backyard type of thing.







That's really wonderful.
But you're going to get what you deserve out of it.
If you're if you listen to me, you personally, if you personally are the type of person who's just going to sit around, do the sitting around part for everybody and then tell them how it should have been better than your.
Listen, you're never going to get anything.
The reason why the new book is so great is because we had a number of.
Truly insane men and women devoting.
Ridiculous amounts of time and money, shocking, shocking amounts of pieces out of their lives to make it as wonderful as it is.
Just so some nut, some geek somewhere can look at it in a bookstore for five minutes and decide not to buy it.
So.
So what am I saying?
I'm saying that.
If.
If.
If you want something to happen, if you want something to be good or interesting.
You don't get it done by just doing the sitting around part.
There's a whole planet of people out there who are doing this sitting around part and they're doing it better than you can because they're not even griping about it.
They that that's their major talent.
The sitting around.
They sit around at work.
They sit in front of a screen at work typing in.
Some kind of computer code and they go home.
They sit around in front of a screen for five hours after work poking around the Internet looking for some kind of excuse to keep living.
And then they sit around in front of their big screen TV and watch the very latest movie release that they just saw four months ago in the theater.
But for some reason they got to see it again in the privacy of their own homes, I guess.
So they can.
Sit around and nudge each other and mock every time somebody displays any kind of sincere emotion on the screen.
Or they somehow make themselves feel superior, which is probably the only way they can ever do it when they're in the privacy of their own homes.
Because when you go out in the world, boy, you really have to actually have to be something.
Whereas if you're home in front of a TV set with a.
Joke of booze in your hand.
Well, then, boy, you're king, aren't you?
But what I'm what I'm trying to say here, what I'm trying to say here, friends, is is that is get off your big dove.
Either either pull the cart or stop griping about how you're not going anywhere.
I understand many of you think that it's beneath you to dirty your hands on the tow rope like that.
Well, you get what you pay for.
You're going.
If you're not going to get out there and in a hall on the rope a little bit, then you're just going to sit in one place and have nothing to do but gripe.
If that's how you get your thrills, well, more power to you.
God bless every one of you for whatever your talents are.
Many people.
Granted, many people have great talents, such as many of the wonderful people that are producing the brilliant literature and recordings of this fine church.
And there are other people whose major talents.
Are criticizing and finding fault and and picking out flaws in everything that anybody else tries to do.
Well, that's a tough thing to do, too.
Lord knows I've tried.
I've turned my hand at that.
And boy, it's it's a hard life because you start getting a real bad attitude about everything.
You stop looking for the good in anything and you start just only seeing the bad in everything.
And you start just only seeing the bad in everything.
And it's difficult to do unless you keep yourself heavily doped at all times.
So what I'm what I'm trying to say is what I'm trying to say is that, you know, start pulling or shut up.
And then what do they do?
These useless women, you see them in the hotels, the best hotels, drinking the money, eating the money, smelling of money, horrible, fat, faded, greedy women, useless.
Pointless.
Pointless.
They shouldn't even be allowed to exist.
They give nothing and they take everything.
But they're alive.
They're human beings.
Are they, Charlie?
Are they human or just that wheezing animals?
Do you know that the world is a foul sty?
Do you know if you put the front off houses, you'd find swine?
The world is a hell.
What does it matter what happens in it?
Oh, you will fly out.
Can't you be cool like me?
What the devil could compassion do?
Passion is of no service.
You impudent insolent overbearing leprechaun.
There, you sneer again.
Don't provoke me.
But you're a liar from the mildness of my temper.
You do, you dog.
You play upon the meekness of my disposition.
Yet take care.
The patience of a saint may be overcome at last.
Zools, don't enter the same hemisphere with me.
Don't dare to breathe the same air or use the same life with me.
But get an atmosphere on the sun of your own.
Ah, you might be sickened yet



Back when the world was young and very innocent
I think it was sixty-eight
or even sixty-nine
I played guitar in a band back when they used to play that rock and roll.
They played that rock and roll.
We used to practice almost every week until we learned a whole bunch of songs that made the proper squeak.
And we went out and played in front of people and we acted cool.
And then we all quit school.
We thought we'd be on TV.
And we thought we'd get press.
While the newspapers wrote about how we made a mess.
Of some stupid hotel room.
Or the drugs we might use.
And how the lyrics to our songs might be child abuse.
But we don't care.
We're making lots of money.
But we don't care.
We're so much in demand.
But we don't care.
They're writing all about us.
Cause we're not just another stupid copy band.
A stupid copy band.
Then a few years went by.
We tried and tried.
But we could never quite get no break.
By some executive.
We were.
It works for a record company.
Who wants to sign our stupid band.
Our stupid copy band.
Then we all sort of kind of went our separate ways.
A couple of guys got married and divorced.
And then we all kind of got some jobs we had to take.
So we could earn some gold.
Cause life is hard, you know.
Now we're 28.
years later
and we sit and we stare
at some stupid musicians
from our living room chair
taking millions of dollars
from their latest CD
and how we wish we could go back
just to play it for free
We can't go back
and play it like we used to
cause what we play
is no longer every man
We can't go back
and play it like we used to
cause no one wants to hear
our stupid copy band
our stupid copy band
So I'm just sitting here
and kind of thinking that
with all of the crap they play
and call it music
I'm just sitting here
We might want to get together
just to have a jam
for one more time
Like back in 69
But some of the guys got kids
and so they're kind of
sort of busy with their own lives
and working every week
but maybe they say
we'll have to get together
just for one more time
When they find the time
to Dr. Bizarro
to Dr. Trendler


Let's go
to Mr. Bizarro
and we'll find out
how I feel
listening to the investor





when I'm out there
Maverick

and he goes

and how the great Nenslo feels.
I've got some addresses here.
Dr. Bizarro, who did that song just then,
another stupid copy band,
can be reached at iBobDigital.
That's iBobDigital.
At Post Office Box, yes, dear friends,
Post Office Box 3405.
3405 in beautiful Skokie, Illinois.
That's S-K-O-K-I-E, Skokie, Illinois.
6-0-0-7-6.
iBobDigital, Box 3405.
6-0-0-7-6 in beautiful Skokie.
And the lovely and yet somehow handsome
Reverend Nenslo, well, saint, doctor,
no, nay, what, high E, no,
well, oh, oh, Nenslo,
with his long and yet,
ever so pertinent rant there.
Yes, friends, I think you have something to learn
from Nenslo, most of you.
None of you have anything to learn from...
and...
I'm sorry, it's been a long evening.
I've still got...
I've still got one more show to do before I can leave.
And in the meantime, let's check back into
our good friend R. Stevie Moore,
the legend of home taping and independent cassette distribution.
Really one of the first guys, if not,
well, no, not the first guy, but the first guy we ran into
that was doing that, and here he is doing...
that.
And you know, he's talking about the same damn thing.
It never stops, because you just keep stopping.
But that's okay.
You can wake up slow.
No!






Yeah, just, I mean, why?
You could've just hidden those tapes and then...
Okay.

Okay, so...
Don't wake me up
I would rather keep sleeping
Rather than look at you
Don't wake me up
I would rather keep sleeping
Rather than talk to you
I need my hours and minutes
This is my bed and I'm in it
I have enough problems alone
Just trying to avoid that morning yawn
Don't wake me up
I would rather keep sleeping
Rather than deal with you
Don't wake me up
I would rather keep sleeping
Rather than living
I need my hours and minutes
Just trying to relax
But alarm clock people attack
I got enough duty to rest
Just trying to dream and snore the best
Don't wake me up
Horizontal hideaway
Lying down
Me lying down
My blanket above
I thank it with love
Don't wake me up
Don't wake me up
I need more pillow and sheet
Nine hours a night would be neat
I have enough burden by day
Just trying to remember how to say
I have enough burden by day
Don't wake me up
Don't wake me up
Don't wake me up
Do not disturb
Or maid make-up room early
Ah
Maid make-up room early
Do not disturb
Or maid make-up room early
Ah maid make-up room early
Ah maid make-up room early
Ah maid make-up room early

And when finally the old man stepped again onto his veranda atop the mountain of time,
his eyes were misted by the beauty which stretched before him,
and he no longer moved wearily down the mountain to pluck a bouquet for his table.
His step quickened, and his heart was lightened.
because there was now no longer the sameness of purple,
no longer the flowers that always looked alike and grew alike
and were of such a sameness.
Now there were differences,
which gave new beauty and a new strength to the valley.
Smiling and chattering gaily to himself,
he gently plucked a rainbow of color from the valley,
and as he left, the purple people looked at one another,
first in disbelief and finally in shame.
For they knew suddenly that in the old man's eyes they were all equal
and that each flower, regardless of shape or size or color,
would find favor at his table.
And henceforth, in the shadow of the mountains of time and destiny,
it was no longer known as the valley of the purple people,
but as the land where brothers and sisters
and motherhood began.
And its name was the human heart.
You're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information on Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius,
send a self-addressed stamped envelope to...
Got your pencil ready?
Bob, Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
That's Bob, P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Stay tuned and praise Bob.
Now I know it's not unusual
It's nothing so unique
It's nothing so unique




There's probably hundreds of wonderful love affairs
That go bad in this town every week
It's a big town, but all of them others
Them sad-hearted lovers
Could cry in their beer with the hay
It didn't concern me
It was none of my business
I never had nothing to say
But suddenly, darling, the table has turned
You have left me here to die for you
My dear, my rhythm, my rhythm



For somebody, for somebody new
But the story's so long
For somebody, I raises their gaze
Where do you get their message?
They ain't complaining
I've got the tales bombs
I told them that they tag along
I got it all on me
I дulously
W Tory Had a sheik

My life in in outer time
Goes for another check-up, I need أن
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Ah, let me reiterate the disclaimer
that precedes each broadcast of Bob's Slack Time Funhouse.
Now, the opinions in here are my own opinions,
not the opinions of anyone connected with WREK Atlanta.
See how dangerous an opinion can be?
So form an opinion of your own and wield it like a lightsaber.
And take it from me, they'll hate you for it.
If you'd like more information on Bob and the Church of the Subgenius,
free information, and you can't beat that,
drop a stamped, self-addressed envelope to
Bob
P.O. Box
1
