The subgenius hour of slack.
You should run across him.
You would best think only good thoughts.
Big implications.
The world's largest.
But what does it mean the world's largest giants cease to exist?
But what about Dobbs?
Dobbs may eliminate about 2,000 rank and file Dobbs as well.
The good news is Dobbs, for now, appear to be safe.
And so now we may start the revival, friends, with a solemn moment of noise.
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
I've noticed a lot of you have been here before and have learned the salute.
That's called the subgenius salute.
The co-founder under Bob, Philo Drummond, reminded me of something we forgot 22 years ago,
which was the double salute.
And this one's really hard.
Yeah.
Praise Bob!
Can you hear him?
Praise Bob!
Ah, that's bad music to my ears, friends.
Okay.
Doctor, some of your detractors who call are objectionable to everything.
Right, right, right.
And none of them can get through right now.
And so we've got...
We've got the four of you guys here on the lines, and nobody else can get through.
The subgenius blockade.
That's right.
So this is an important charge to keep.
Sinister as much vaunted berms.
Now, as a denizen of that area, do you ever go light candles at the Poe House on Edgar Allen Poe's birthday or whatever it is?
No, no.
Mainly because around that time, Edgar Allen Poe's birthday is full of the goth.
And the problem with that is that the goths have that tendency to not...
They're kind of like the worst part of the hippies with the worst part of the metalheads in the sense they're wearing all black.
And they haven't bathed in a while, and they're wearing usually leather or vinyl.
And then they smoke clove cigarettes.
So you have this sort of combination of sweat, clove cigarettes...
And grease paint.
So they smell like clowns.
Oh, it's horrible.
It's a horrible, wretched mixture of smells.
You know, and I can't be around them.
I can't be around them long enough without getting nauseous or sick to my stomach.
I mean, I would bet that probably the horse stables at the Derby smell better than that group of people.
Oh, Stan, by the way, a bunch of people I found out through the Who's It's Whisperin' butt line, a bunch of your students are cheating.
What?
They have the test and everything.
Cheating?
They have the test and everything.
They have the stuff.
They have all your, you know, it's not just the parts of your syllabus you leave out.
They have all the tests and quizzes and everything.
Well, and plus it's already, there's cliff notes of it.
Well, LeGune was the one who was selling the tests, actually, I heard.
All that figures, okay.
You know, he was selling them for, I don't remember what kind of profit he was making on them.
And he was guffawing about it with me about, oh, I got the test.
I'm just selling them to all the kids.
And he had a pretty good time with it.
Well, selling the answers is one thing.
But to the stupid kids...
Who couldn't get it even with the answers, you got to sell them a grade, too.
And it's not selling the answers.
It's selling the questions.
That's where it is.
Like Jeopardy and saying Alex Trebek all of a sudden?
No, no, no.
It's selling the questions.
Because you can have the answers.
It's the questions.
Isn't that what all those books in the self-help sections are about?
Didn't Einstein say something about not having the answers but all the questions?
Mm-hmm.
Among other things.
That's not all it is.
It's also about how people will believe any...
Any, any, any, any...
Radio Synesthesia from WCSB in Cleveland with Dr. Sinister, Priestess Pisces,
Rocknar, Lonesome Cowboy Dave, and yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang,
replayed here on Hour of Slack number 1154.
Now, they were talking about my course in subgenius history and cult management,
an online course at maybelogic.net, MaybeLogic Academy,
which is...
This course is in its fourth of eight weeks.
And so for my students and you, the listener,
I've saved up various clips and clops of the old-timers of the church,
of the subgenius talking,
ancient...
subhistory.
It's mostly puzzling evidence,
Dr. Howell,
Dr. Philodrum and myself on KPFA,
or Pirate Cat Radio,
Season in Hell,
John Hell's show.
Although the intro titles and collages
were by either
Fernanda Nettie-Lemur
or
norrailpref.com.
In this cut,
in fact, that's coming up,
we're talking about rival cult leaders like L. Ron Hubbard,
David Koresh, Walt Disney.
What about people like Crowley?
I'm sure they're saying something that you like.
No, he doesn't.
But when I'm trying to get something done...
Although Mr. Hubbard...
He's running his own thing.
...Scientology had a huge influence.
...go ass out into the mountains.
Scary Scientologist.
Yes, well, it's...
I love their questionnaire.
That alone made me want to go talk to Bob.
What's scary is that...
...the...
...the...
...the way the people come out and react to it.
Perhaps it doesn't appear scary until you see the devoted practices of the beloved.
And then it's really scary.
Just like Bob.
Well, even Bob has those people and it would be wrong to deny that it does.
I've seen people get pretty scared of head-launchings.
Back when we were publicly doing head-launchings,
there were people that would say,
they would pass out, flee.
Now, this is no longer a sacrament of our church,
but at one time it was a standard part of every devival.
When the...
I almost brought a head.
...heading head of the World Cup golfers would be launched via golf club in the middle of a religion-heavy symbol-frated ceremony.
But that was a different time.
That was before September 11 changed all.
See, I told you, Rob.
Hey, Rob.
September 11.
I changed my name to September 11 for two hours last week.
And the whole world came apart.
Yeah, on this radio station.
That's why I wasn't feeling well between those couple of hours.
I just had to...
There was something going on.
With K-Rob's help, I had to just get it off me.
I thought it was gas.
I had to get those words September 11.
I mean, in the end, it was gas.
Hard. Over and over again.
William Gas.
Yeah.
That's okay.
Hellfire.
Hellfire.
For those of you that care, I changed my name back when the show was over.
For me.
Hoss.
Hoss.
And Hosses.
That guy's great.
It makes me really miss radio stations.
There was a KDIA out of Oakland.
Used to do the Sunday church shows.
In Dallas, Fort Worth, it was K-Scott, voice of the gospel.
And Philo and I would tape record hours of that stuff.
Those guys were great.
I don't know if it's still...
I would assume that it's still on.
But the classic Texas radio preachers.
In the 80s were something to behold.
And certainly a great training ground for the young subgenius preachers.
So how common, like that one we just heard, how common would something like that actually
be on the radio?
All day long, every day.
But I mean, he's swearing up a storm on that one.
Oh, no.
Not the cussing.
But he would be yelling at you.
That was a special recording.
Right.
But that would...
But other than the swearing, that kind of berating of the congregation would have been
somewhat common on the holy days that they weren't showing up?
Yeah.
I mean, some preachers were more stern than others.
Yeah.
Those are the ones you want to listen to.
Scare the crap out of you.
I'm sick of dead preachers preaching dead sermons to dead congregations.
Excuse me.
We're tired of undead preachers preaching undead sermons to undead congregations.
Pretty much.
Hi, Thomas.
Ma, ma, ma.
Um, um, I've got a problem.
Well, you see, it's not really me.
It's my cold...
My cold...
It's suicidal.
Your cold is suicidal?
My cold is suicidal?
My cold is suicidal?
My cold is suicidal?
I just don't know what to do.
Tell me, please.
Can you hear it?
Post, post, post logical society?
Wow.
Unplugging morally suicidal cold.
Complete mess, complete mess.
Eating our lunch in America.
The tide of godlessness.
1-800-SUICIDAL-COLD.
That number again is 1-800-A-SLICE-OF-SUICIDAL-COLD.
Speaking of Mary and Nats, I was watching that movie, Team Unite.


America with my dad.
He was really enjoying it, but he started
trying to convince me that
it was computer animation
made to look like
marionettes.
He'd become so distrustful of
Hollywood special effects.
I was saying
something like, you know, those are
pretty nice marionettes. There was a
marionette operating a marionette the very
first shot. Yeah, that was a good opening.
And he said,
well, that's just computer animation
and they draw those strings.
I said, you can see the strings!
He goes, well, they draw those in to make it
more realistic.
You know, in this world, the way
this world is, I might find out
if it was right. Yeah, ever since the
Zupruder film, it's been hard to trust
anything on film.
And now they're saying that there's other
videos shot from that day in Dallas when
you actually see the guards,
his detail stand down.
You see it stand down just before the shooting.
And that's out on
brass check TV.
Secret security ducks right before the shots.
Brass check their brass on TV.
This is one of the security guys.
They keep looping it over and over.
See, look, watch him shrug his shoulders
as if to say, what are we doing?
And you keep seeing this.
Over and over.
And right there, that's proof that
Kennedy's men stood down and he got
assassinated.
It's better to watch people doing JFK Reloaded
where kids take the game and make JFK do
things like they come down and around.
And they go really fast.
This is second time.








Hit the median strip and go up over the
grassy goal.
The other side, roll the occupants out of
the limousine and they die.
Wow.
That's pretty cool.
I like that kind of stuff on YouTube.
I like that, uh, that, that, that poster by
coop that shows Kennedy with the bullet
going through, but it's zigzagging all over
the place before it even reaches him.
And then it zigzags again and hits the
other vitals and then exits.
That's one of the reasons that ends up
looking great too.
Reasons in that book that I bought, right.
About that book.
There's
some
posters on this.
A lot.
If of course you like the Tiki generation,
which I do.
Stool softener capsules.
Tiki thing.
Yeah.
I had to live, I grew up in Tiki world.
So, so this, this Malomar version of it is
sickening except for Mongo lounge.
Cause they're kind of, they make me throw
off in my mouth a little bit.
So a stay is the, uh, is the scene of the
JFK shooting still preserved?
Do people like go there and drive and take
pictures?
Oh yeah.
It's it's a, it's the only tourist attraction
in Dallas practically.
Uh,
I just thought all made pilgrimages.
They're almost an animal.
When I met these guys in 19, I came out in
1980 with my girlfriend and a guy who lived
from sulfur sprays.
And you know, that is, and I had, they, these
people, Milo and staying became my friends
forever because they took the box of clown
suits and guns and over man heads.
And I had my space suit and we ran up and
down the grass, you know, and that films of
us, but yeah, I got to play the killer clown.
That was fun.
That was fun friends, uh, filming a reenactment
of the JFK shooting in Dealey Plaza in 1980
with puzzling and phyla and so forth.
It not as fun as the real thing.
Uh,
anyway, friends, uh, later in that John hell
show, we hear puzzling evidence, uh, reminiscing
about when Nina Hagen, the famous German rock
singer, the Saint of the church, Nina Hagen
came to our Sanford or Los Angeles show and
invited us to her cult.
Yeah.
Nina Hagen invited me to go take acid with her.
And I chickened out because of her, her 12 young men
contrary to her posse around us scared me to death.
None of them were allowed to take acid, but they had to stay
there the entire time and be the circle around you.
And she would promise you that as long as you're in the circle,
you're safe, that's it.
And I would be in bed with her and that would be happening.
All the 12 guys standing, holding hands in front of you.
So, you know, there was Nina and I thought this is a, this will be a bit much.
Wow.
Well, didn't we see.
Weird Al Yankovic came, Gary's mom came.
That was a fun night.
Try to explain, um, the, the popularity of, of, of the church of subgenius.
I mean, it's popularity clearly is big, um, among college campuses, music groups.
And now with the internet, I mean the internet, you guys are kind of, kind of hot stuff.
Well, uh, we were probably the, the, the first religion to really
exploit the internet because there are so it's a religion that attracts so many nerds and geeks and AV kids.
AV?
Yeah.
You were probably, you were probably the AV kid.
Audiovisual audio.
Yeah.
You know, the kid that loaded the projector.
I know.
Yes, I was.
Okay.
You got me.
Everybody in radio was the AV kid.
I was, I was too.
And anyway, so we've always had, uh, a lot of, uh, ultra, I mean, uh, there were people trying to explain the, the internet to me back in the eighties, but they couldn't, they were so weird.
They couldn't explain it to me.
I didn't really understand it until Milo forced me to look at America online.
That was in the nineties.
And then I became a computer, a really serious computer geek.
But, uh, yeah, we've, we've, uh, I think the internet.
Yeah.
Kind of saved us because as far as popularity goes, we don't really have much by definition, you know, this thing, if it appealed to everybody that would defeat the purpose.
So, um, we never did make it to the pet rock fad stage, but we're a tenacious thorn in the side of the conspiracy that they'll never really be able to make go away.
Cause it's gotten a little bit too big now.
To, to ever completely.
Shut down.
So people will probably be seeing those darn Bob faces grinning at them from the oddest places forever.
Forever.
Yes.
Like, so in that respect, it's, it's as, as well, you know, look at, look how far the Mormons have come in a very, very short time.
Relatively speaking.
Yeah.
And, uh, the Scientologists in the even shorter time than that.
Well, and of course, you know, they, of course they've got a little bit of star power health there.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, but you know, they're, they're appealing to a lower common denominator.
Oh, no kidding.
Yeah.
Uh, and that'd be, you know, for a sub genius to say that that's a really deep insult.
Well, we know by the way, I, when you, when the show started, you quoted the sub genius gods called the fire sign theater.
Oh my word.
I recognize that quote.
And probably.
It's sad that not more listeners would be familiar with the fire sign theater.
You know, that happens to be one of my old time favorites.
Uh, I mean, for all kinds of reasons, um, you know, reasons I can't even divulge, but you know, for anybody who it was a send up on old time radio done in a fashion that would have done old time radio proud, the writing was brilliant.
Not to mention a little off center, but enough to be.
So well done that all you could do is sit there and wrap attention and watch your stereo.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You had to listen to each album three or four times just to figure out what the plot was.
Yeah.
Oh, and, and, you know, more so.
It was like, uh, uh, the marker, like the Marx brothers multiplied.
Well, and, and they would, they said, no, no, you don't know how radio works.
So you have to start over here and then you go over there.
Yeah.
I mean, that's.
Yeah.
That's brilliant.
They were the real inspirators of all of the subgenius radio people.
Um, there's a, there's a bunch of us.
I like that one.
Is it?
He walks by night and, uh, you know, rock danger.
Yeah.
Nick, Nick danger.
Third eye.
Yeah.
Hello, Mr. Danger.
My name is Rocky.
The rock conquer.
Uh, I could, I could tell it was him because of his smarmy appearance and his heavy profile.
And I, I were able to set up a, uh, a comedy show with him, um, that I wrote and put
together.
He played the city's most recent icon.
Bob Grymer in
I am Robert 在
Alternate
cylindrical
ıl
Symbolic
utilizzised
the same stylings.
In fact, the Nick Danger third eye,
you know,
do you listen to Prairie Home?
Prairie Home Companion?
I have not, no.
Garrison Keillor?
I have in the years ago.
Yeah, he does a segment, a shtick,
which is a direct descendant
of Nick Danger
about a private eye
and the city that
sleeps it, that knows how to keep its
secrets.
And Guy Noir.
Guy Noir.
Nick Danger, Guy Noir is a direct descendant of it.
And you know that Garrison Keillor
used to sit with long hair
imbibing on Mexican fruit
just watching
his stereo.
You know, strangely enough, there was a time
when even Rush Limbaugh was doing that.
Oh, well, I happen to know that for a fact.
I had a buddy of mine that used to work together back in Rock Radio.
Really?
Yeah, he works in New York. He's an old friend of mine.
People change.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, go figure.
I just devolved. I never evolved.
You guys probably don't know about
Subspecies 23,
do you?
No.
Tell us.
Four years ago,
a subgenius
calling himself Subspecies 23
would occasionally post,
to the news group alt.slack
and he wasn't a particularly
noticeable guy. He seemed like
a quiet person.
A regular, kind of shy, quiet guy.
Uh-oh.
And he was around for about a year.
I think he got tired of it.
Some of the smarty-mouth
subgeniuses probably made fun of him
and offended him.
He went on and did other things
over the
next four years.
And the last thing he did before
they put him in prison was kill
a 13-year-old girl.
Smarty-mouth.
This was in Oklahoma.
A small town in Oklahoma.
He killed his neighbor
and planned to eat her.
He was going to be a cannibal.
And, uh,
of course, he hadn't had anything
to do. He got caught
before he could even get the
stove heated up.
But, uh,
for some reason,
because he had posted on the
internet to us four years
earlier, we got dragged
into every news report about
this guy. You know, this subgenius
member. He wasn't even a member.
I looked him up. He never joined.
He did buy Media Barrage No. 5
CD and a couple
of other products.
Yeah, yeah, no, of course not.
We're not irresponsible.
If he's sentenced to death,
does he get to his last meal,
whatever he asks for?
If he asks for a 13-year-old,
do they have to give him one?
Just the right way.
Yeah, of course they do.
That's one of the subgeniuses
we'll never live down.
But he is, he never did actually
send in his $30, so he's still
tsk, tsk to Bob.
Leaders.
The Potato Tuber. The United Nations has
declared 2008 the International
Year of Unusual History
and a happy accident.
Boom.
aver. Boom.
Friedrich Engels even declared
and moors the pity.
Rotten. Leaders.
have done it all.
Variously thought to cause leprosy
to be associated with the devil,
people then realized, Adam Smith
observed at the time,
mashed, fried, boiled, and roast
Roast Neighbor.
An unusual history by Norell
segues into the unusual history
of giant sculptures of bob heads.
Oh wow!

that, I'm going to cut in here in 2021 and mention that old subspecies 23 mentioned in show number
1154 from 2008. He's still on death row in Oklahoma, and he recently ordered a pamphlet.
I remembered him and started up correspondence with him. Not that I've been real good about it.
But he's been behind bars for 17 years. And believe it or not, because I now have a loved
one in prison, also for the murder of a child, in this case, a mercy killing, but that makes
no difference in Texas law. Because of that, I have a certain sympathy for prisoners and people
who did something terrible by reason of temporary insanity. And I just thought I'd mention that.
I'm not really the most hard-headed person in the world. I'm not really the most hard-headed
person in the world. I also have renewed sympathy for those who can't work like they used to because
of health problems. My bad back comes and goes and has been slowing me down. Hence, these reruns.
That's part of why I got into the Burning Man cult is because of that. The head, that thing on the
on the end of the thing that gets burned, was so gorgeous and so well done. This is thousands of
dollars of soji screen work. Big head. Big head. And those guys were just filling up the fireworks
and burning the damn thing. Back when it had feets and it used to stand on the ply, I remember.
And you could, the little feets had little... 94? Yeah. We've been tearing up big heads for a long
time. Yes. One night, Gary was really, really, really, really sick. And I was doing a tape to
you on a 305 or 350, the big Sony 350. And I was bringing Paul from his house over here
and stopped in the mudflats in Berkeley and cut a big head from a pipe down there and brought it
over.
Gary was in bad shape. He was in bad humors. And I brought that big head. He made him head.
He did. Exactly. And I put it on his back porch. You gave him head. I gave him head. How big was it?
About the size of this side of the wall. It was gigantic. And I put it on his back porch window.
And then I ran away and called him and said, go out of the room you're in and go look at your
back porch. And I could hear him start laughing. And who's built the largest of bob heads to date?
I believe it was the man sitting next to you.
Yeah.
Wait a minute. What are you talking about?
Who built the biggest dob's head?
Aside from the Colossus of Rhodes. I believe there was that one Stan Pesket made.
Yeah, Stan Pesket was incredible. It was very large.
But then there was the one that Moguloid made.
From when?
Which breathed the teeth.
Oh, yeah, yeah. No, it might have been larger. Yeah, yeah, it's true.
Which belched fire.
Yeah.
Where was this from?
And that's when?
When he spoke. The head, it was a static head at night.
Yeah.
No, that one went.
It was a living head that Moguloid built.
And it talked like the Wizard of Oz head with Hal's voice.
And we would ask it. It was an oracle. We would ask it questions.
No, those were not sent their $30 shacks.
Now burn in the lake of fire.
Yeah.
And shoot fire out of its nostrils.
It sounds like Burning Man.
As I understand it, that giant dob's head was left in Tucson and ended up on somebody's front lawn who lived next to the freeway.
Is that true?
You know?
So during rush hour, people driving through Tucson were forced to gaze upon that slackful head on their way to or from work.
Excellent.
Excellent.
That'll win two converts a day.
And they won't even know. It'll be too late by the time they get there.
That was the last I heard of it. Do you know what happened?
Yeah, I understand. Chicken John and I drove the giant dob's head out to Tucson for the divival there.
And I understand the promoter or the club owner underpaid us.
And in retaliation, we cursed him by leaving the giant dob's head on his lawn.
Excellent. Was that the HUD show?
Yeah.
At the HUD?
Yeah.
Wow.
Yeah.
Of course. It's the only show in Tucson.
Wow.
These guys at the tattoo parlor wanted to pick a fight with Al and myself.
That was a hell of a big dob's head.
Because of the ranger markings on the vehicle.
Yeah. They couldn't understand why I was a ranger in Nevada but not in their state or in California.
So they wanted to kill us.
And色 don't sew co destined to their jak fors this far.

Shoutout to completely far'rees region bahhagan.
And al though wijnard почему Me videogac wedding
was the습
vae

wa
Do you guys get in trouble a lot for your vulgar humour?
Well, I wouldn't say that.
Misunderstood statements, shall we say.
Every other show or so, they kill us.
They have had their issues with the...
When I had the show in...
Rise up out of the grave.
When I had the show in Dallas, I had to apologize to everybody in Vietnamese.
In Vietnamese?
Well, the offensive thing that was broadcast on my show was in Vietnamese.
And my show followed the Vietnamese hour.
And I didn't know for sure that the fellow had translated my Bob message nicely.
Was a Bob message thought to be insensitive to Vietnamese people?
Well, the message that I asked my Vietnamese friend to record for me...
Was supposed to say...
Bob wants peace all over the world.
You know, even between the Vietnamese and the Vietnamese exiles.
And if there isn't peace, Bob will kill everybody.
And that offended the Vietnamese exiles who were listening to the show.
The next show I had to broadcast...
The Acid Raid.
Both in English and the recorded one in Vietnamese.
Which luckily the recorded one must have been what it was supposed to be.
Because I wasn't killed again after that.
Well, apparently you backtracked and made amends.
But if you'll go to Philodrummond on YouTube right now, you'll see a funny thing.
It's really funny.
I'm looking through a little glass window at Philodrummond.com's face.
And it is a funny thing.
It's not Philodrummond.com.
I'm beckoning you, um...
It's... it's... it... well...
It would be funny were it not so sad.
To quote...
The beckoning fair one.
Jimmy Swaglin.
Exactly, man.
Together.
Together.
Together.
Together.
Together.
Together.
Together.
Together.
Together.
Together.

Together.
What we're going to do is to do Hercules.
Rock music.
For rock you.
The rhythm.
Find the rock music.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you, Norell, who also did the Super Mario vs. UB40 bit of music earlier.
And now back to A Season in Hell in December as we watch YouTube.
We're watching.
We're hearing part of Pipes of the Piposphere.
You know, you guys need one of those little cameras in here, too.
Oh, that's one of the classics of Genius Underground films.
Pipes of the Piposphere.
It's often shown with Kenneth Anger retrospectives and things like that.
Uploaded to YouTube by the one and only Philodrumas.
Pipes of the Piposphere.
I helped with the special effects on that.
There's one right there.
Award-winning, mind-breaking special effects.
There's another one.
It's basically.
It's a little bit of a long story.


But the zombies of the stratosphere was being played on the television and we superimposed
pipes into all of the characters or vehicles and overdubbed the dialogue.
Only we did all this in one take in a hotel room.
And the nine minutes that it took.
The technique for superimposing the pipe was somebody's hand holding the pipe against the
TV.
Not just in front of people either.
Moving vehicles and such.
Yeah, yeah.
And it's such a fancy.
There was a pipe marine, you know, the pipe mobile.
Quote from the BBC.
Muslim scientists and clerics have called for the adoption of the subgenius power of
SWAT.
Right.
Here we go.
Brave.
Brave.
Brave.
You know, there was a subgenius operating system, Slackware Linux.
Oh, really?
From Reverend Volkerding.
Yeah, yeah.
One of the one of the main Linux iterations in the especially in the 90s is Slackware.
Does it open your applications when it feels you're ready for it?
I don't know if it even does that.
I never monkeyed with it myself.
Microsoft.
Microsoft.



Microsoft had a short lived operating system called Bob, for which they trademarked the
name Bob.
Oh, no way.
For operating systems.
Okay.
And it was designed for little old ladies.
It was supposed to be the simplest thing in the world.
It showed a desk, a picture of a desk.
And if you wanted to write a letter, you clicked on the letter on the desk.
And, you know, if you wanted to look at a picture, you clicked on the photo on the desk.
And there was a little bespectacled smiley face avatar that told you how to do things.
And he was called Bob.
You want to masturbate, you click on a little sperm puddle on the desk.
Like that Microsoft paperclip character.
It was one of Microsoft's biggest failures.
Yeah, I can imagine.
What was this?
It was in the late 80s, I guess.
Early 90s.
I was going to say that's definitely going back a ways.
Well, I became a computer geek.
I was a computer geek.

I bought a computer when the first Macintosh came out in 84.
But I only used it as kind of a glorified typewriter until the 90s when I opened up a sample copy of Bryce.
It's like a very simple 3D landscape making program.
And that changed everything.
All of a sudden, it was like I became an animator again.

After leaving it all alone for 20 years.
And you've been doing, I'm assuming animation-wise, just pen to film.
Is that right?
I used to be a stop motion animator.
So very analog of the digital.
Very, very analog.
And then just, well, actually to tell the truth is because we got donations of decent computers.
The great Grimsham Clench in North Carolina donated us computers that were good enough to do animation.
And praise the Grimsham Clench a million times over for that, friends.
That was from A Season in Hell from Pirate Cat Radio.
That music in the background was by me and Lee Murr, by the way.
But you are now listening to the Hour of Slack number 1154.
For more information on the Church of the Subgenius, you could see subgenius.com or write to P.O. Box 807.
Glenn Reynolds.
Texas.
76043.
But now, from Lee Murr, the news.
From PR News in Washington, I'm stoking a humanitarian crisis in Beijing.
Democrat Barack Obama is suggesting Democrats would be willing to deal with rogue leaders including President Bush.
I have never said that.
Obama also criticized oil resources.
Not oil.
föret.
So what is there to do about this discrimination?
Moon Pete.
Componen Completely
Average loves TV.
executive and working on bus pros under the same slogan.
U.S. Jahre.
by Shwhichug
Well, they called the sheriff and said,
Conclutes, somebody broke in the freezer and stole all the steaks
The dog is still hiding, the sheriff said,
Man, he sounds to me like the Lakeview Man
The Lakeview Man, he's a wild man
He lives in the woods outside of town
Hell's at the moon, listen if you can
And you might hear the Lakeview Man
Some say he was a soldier who came home from war
All in one piece but with emotional scars
Agree on the story, argue about the date
They say he was a soldier who came home from war
The war between the states and the Lakeview Man
He's a wild man, he lives in the woods outside of town
Hell's at the moon, listen if you can
And you might hear the Lakeview Man
He's a wild man, he lives in the woods outside of town
Well, I took the shortcut to the river last night
I'm buried in a blur in the long, vain lines
Drank a few beers, skipped a few stores
Grew a little passer on the way back home
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo






guitar solo

Well, a dog disappears, a cow is found dead
A chicken is a miss, it found a miss in its head
Shotgun gone, print in the sand
Two-toed shot, the Lakeview Man
And the Lakeview Man, he's a wild man
He lives in the woods outside of town
Hell's at the moon, listen if you can
You might hear the Lakeview Man
The Lakeview Man is a wild man
He lives in the woods outside of town
Hell's at the moon, listen if you can
You might hear the Lakeview Man
You might hear the Lakeview Man
You might hear the Lakeview Man
And you might hear the Lakeview Man
Hell's at the moon, listen if you can
Hell's at the moon, listen if you can
Who in this world is this kind man?
Who's making me believe he hasn't gone far enough?
Sabotage this dog and this Four-Eyed Big- inequalities
coursing on like dogs



Always slightlyself Quandimo!
Alarm!
Alert!


Alert!
Alert!
Alert!

Col level, alert!

How about for influences, Forrest J. Ackerman's Famous Monsters of Filmland magazine and Forrest J. Ackerman's Spacemen magazine?
My house is based on Forrest J. Ackerman's house.
The Slacker Mansion.
Right, yeah.
Yeah.
Forrest Ackerman's house was known as the Acker Mansion until quite recently it existed in Hollywood.
I even went there as a sort of pilgrimage.
Really?
Although it was in its decline even then, but Forrest was there.
He gave the lecture and certain areas were guarded by troll-like science fiction nerds, you know,
who would block you from getting into parts of the house that you weren't supposed to be in.
And those would include things like candlelit shrines to Greta Garbo and so on.
But you started in Forrest's basement where there was a hodgepodge of decaying monster masks and stuff.
And some things, you know, like the, uh, uh, rotted old dinosaurs from King Kong and the, uh, model of the U.S. Capitol made by Ray Harryhausen.
These are the holy objects of the Church of the Subgenius.
But since then he had some strokes, some operations, and the IRS seizing everything and now he has nothing, you know, but, uh, all that stuff must have gone somewhere, but, um...
Not every subgenius.
But was raised on famous monsters of Filmland magazine, uh, probably about half of them.
But in original subgenius influence, though, original subgenius, uh, uh, creation, I think it, uh, has to be factored in.
Uh, still trying to answer your questions about origins.
And Spacemen was another magazine. I, did you see...
Blah, blah, blah, blah.
No, that was, uh...
You never saw Forrest's Spacemen?
I, I, I...
I...
I...
I...
I...
I...




I...

I never sold them in the stores that I could bicycle to.
Well, that's too bad. I would have thought it was, because you were talking about, uh, Zombies of the Stratosphere just a while ago.
Spacemen mostly covered stuff like that, although it did contain, uh, Henry Kutner's two-issue novelization of 20 million miles to Earth.
And lots of pictures of bad guys from Saturn and so on, who mostly looked like Chinese people wearing pointy helmets and things like that.
Back in those days!
Back in those days, a kid had to ride his bicycle ten miles to find one monster toy.
Well, a monster magazine.
These kids today don't have any idea how good they have it, monster-wise.
Finding monster magazines was finding pearls in the midst of an oasis, a terrible desert of boring crap.
You know, there'd be a monster magazine, which would be a jewel of forbidden, uh, delectable delights.
And there were some rare monster magazines that came out.
During the 60s.
Monster World.
And Monster Mania, if you recall that one.
Right, I have, uh, some, uh, soul-blown issues.
How about Modern Monsters?
Did you ever have an issue with that?
No.
And the best of them all, Castle of Frankenstein.
Castle, yeah, that was, uh, that was really fun.
A hip monster magazine.
The rarest of all jewels to be plucked from convenience stores.
7-Elevens, wherever they would appear in the middle of all the other mags.
Well, it's funny how that, uh, monster, and also monster hot rod, uh, genre has...
That was a fusion with Ed Big Daddy Roth's, uh, a magazine, and, uh, with Pete Millar's drag cartoons, where Gilbert Shelton got his start.
There's all these bands now that are monster hot rod bands.
They're trying to...
Oh, sure.
Hang on to some shred of that form...
Former glories.
And the fun art world.
...in the Fester's Records all the way.
You find these artists like, uh, Todd Shore.
Todd Shore is doing the monster thing, uh...
Coop, he's done a bit of that stuff as well.
Yeah, yeah, oh, God, it's, it's like a dream come true.
See, Coop has an amazing blog that really not only offers, like, some of his own art, but a lot of his interests, uh, in that sort of monster hot rod world, including, uh, he helping sort of, uh, do the paint jobs on some of, some big monster hot rods.
Uh-huh.

So...
I actually know Coop best as an artist of, uh, chubby, uh, beauties.
Chubby, chubby chicks.
Absolutely.
And he's superb at depicting certain aspects of the female form.
Yes.
I have a small collection of nice.
Yes.
Ohh.
As do I, a big fan of Coop.
And, and he, uh, he, he also not only does the, the chubby, the chubby chick look, the monster hot rod look, but also the alien look.
He's definitely into that as well.
Yes.

Uh-huh.
Yes, yes.
He's down in Los Angeles, where he goes and...


could be tuning into right now find out more find out more find out more find out more
angry anger anger in the world violently in the past year furious fury bitterness
resentment and a thirst for vengeance wickedness extraordinary bizarre irrational
violence seething of depressed anger of course deemed insane be angry
retaliatory anger at subgenius.com and now a sci-fi clip from winter star
anybody ever see that movie the time machine the the good either the good the good old one
from the 60s or the abysmally horrible one made in night in 2002 famous science fiction classic
written by hg wells more than a hundred years ago where the in
in
million years from now the humans have split into two races the Eloy which were
these happy-go-lucky simple-minded little childlike humans who had
everything provided for them they were pretty much brainless but they didn't
need brains because everything was provided for everything was organic to
well it turned out that was because they were being raised like cattle by the
other species of humans who had developed
due to class division who are called the Morlocks well we're the Morlocks and as
Bob used to say don't just eat that hamburger eat the hell out of it we say
don't just eat that Eloy eat the hell out of it and who will be the Morlocks Jean Paul Sartre my friends it will be Bob
it will be Bob
write Please Enjoy Every DAVID
well this is what immigration is like your



tell us more about the big
came right up Production
the Allan
We're going to take our lumped, go at it hammer and tongs, beat the crap out of each other in the joyous explosion of violence and bloodlust at Dr. Philodrumon's Punch Out All Night Knockaheditorium.
Yep, it's coming up.
And I'd like to know every juicy, scabrous detail.
You can spell Knockaheditorium.
You can get a free ticket.
I would.
You know, the tickets are available through Ticketmaster, Ticket Bastard, all these things on the...
Oh, here's my limo.
Got to go.
Okay, so now what's happening?
We'll be there.
We'll be packing them up.
Before the next eardrop fall.
And hold in until next week.
You have to hold it for a week minus two hours.
It's not that hard.
It's not that hard.
And we actually will be at Dream Fluff Girl Donuts.
Now, our resources...
In a matter of months.
There we go.
I'll have a hard-boiled egg in about five minutes.
He tried to hold his breath.
He tried to hold his breath.
A most original breath.
But suddenly he fainted when he tried to hold his breath.
Sometimes a thousand twangling instruments about my ears.
And sometimes voices.
And sometimes ineffective, breaking my heart.
And never in my mind would I have had a breath.

Just the moment.
Right away.
Sure.
I'll be there.
Hold on a second.
We're still on.
We're still going on.
We'll be there in, you know, ten, fifteen minutes.
Right now, Bishop Joey is in Eli Nevada.
He's on his way to Moab.
Eli.
by Eli Leigh Sabathano.
That Bishop Joey.
What a scam he has.
Let's break down to the lazy lizard hot stove.
Can you imagine the amount of money that guy makes from that thing?
I don't know why I thought of it now, but there you go.
I didn't mean to cry.
How ridiculous.
No, really, there's some movie coming on TV I saw called Johnny Skidmarks.
Yeah.
I saw that movie.
The guy who never changes his underwear or something.
No, it's actually got John Lithgow playing another crazy guy.
John Lithgow.
That cow.
Yes, it's true.
Here in this wing of the hospital, we are exceptionally quiet.
Oh, I'm terribly sorry.
Oh, God, zip that body bag back up.
That smells horrible.
And George Romero's made a new zombie movie called Diary of the Dead.
What is this?
MovieNews.com?
We're all waiting for the next Rotten Potato Boys movie, which is going to come out.
And the Rotten Potato Boys match up with the Topps Company's Garbage Pail Kids
in the Rotten Potato Garbage Pail Ramble Movie.
It's a mush-up movie.
Starring Anthony Hopkins, Sir Clodsley Shuffle, and Sir Ben Dover.
Sir Ian McKellen, Dame Judi Dench.
And the resurrected Laurence Olivier.
Through the wonder of computer-generated lamination.
Super lamination.
Covered with a cyberplastic, which has a most lifelike texture.
According to those who've had the opportunity to explain it,
the Olivier robot will walk home with many Oscars,
according to the latest dope from Hollywood Insiders.
But the biggest surprise of the Oscar season was the way
Dragon Wars
swept all categories.
Did you see that, by the way?
No, no.
I've been told that I should.
On general principles.
Yeah.
One after another, giant dragons and snakes destroy buildings and cars and houses.
Oh, I saw some trailers and things from it.
Yeah.
In between those episodes, Robert Forrester solemnly spouts incomprehensible gobbledygook
about various ages of sorcerers who transport the North.
Oh, yeah, right, right, right.
Yeah, Harvey Pointer and the Hirsute Ceramics.
And they're illegal.
But then a mile-long snake slithers through a parking garage,
demolishing it as it happens.
Traditional Chinese dragons, which look pretty good,
fly through the sky, raining down fire on fleeing cars.
Well, any giant monster is good.
Indeed, that is so.
You can't go wrong with a giant monster.
My dear friend.
The movie itself.
The movie itself can be bad.
But the fact that it is a giant monster is in itself a good thing.
A giant monster only begins to exorcise the guilt of the human.
They can.
And to absolve him or her from the disease of mortal pain.
But it is a single step, a single monster's stomp, if not a stop, on that long penitential journey.
Who can know the secrets of this stomp?
The doors of his face.
The lamps of his mouth.
The monster is us all.
And yet more.
For we are no longer in the pestilential position of being the top predator in the food pyramid.
This imaginary monster absolves us of primordial guilt.
And needs to be invoked on every occasion to produce the divine benefits of slack.
And name one giant monster besides Reptilicus.
The monster's name is the snake.



They're usually good.
The snake?
Oh, no, the snake.
I thought the giant snake was better.
Well done.
Really, it's astonishing what they can do with special bugs these days.
Just look at that colossal snake.
Why?
The only thing that lets you know it's a rampant fake is the zipper down the back.
But aside from that, it's really realistic.
Here, I'm going to show you the zipper.
No, no.
Don't zoom in on that.
Let's.
share the suspension of disbelief while we return to a simple state of childhood deprecation
and the joys and sorrows of the magic and mystery of being alive.
Those days are so gone.
My dad, I showed my dad that Team America puppet movie.
And he said, you know, that's all done with computers.
And I said, no, those are really puppets.
He goes, no, it's done with computers and they add the strings to make you think.
Yeah, it's amazing what they won't do.
And why would they do that, Dad?
It's amazing what they don't do in movies.
Well, my father, this is the same guy that when I asked my dad how they did Godzilla,
he said, there's a big balloon on top of a jeep and they drive this balloon shape,
this dinosaur shaped balloon around.
Why didn't they just do that?
Why couldn't my dad have just said, I don't know.
Let's look into it.
Let's do it.
Because your dad is supposed to answer authoritatively.
He still does.
But as a dad, I'm sure you were able to provide far more accurate answers about the methodology.
Yes, I was.
And as a result, my son is now a professional director in Hollywood.
Making monster movies for future generations.
You guys pick up your weapons on the way out.
Attack, attack.
I guess.
I can't.
We're going to have to find our way out of here.
Let's go.
This weapon's too heavy.
I can't carry it.
That's the way to treat your weapon, soldier.
We'll have to remember, this is my rifle.
This is my gun.
This is for killing.
This is for fun.
We've gotta play now
Let's see how tap your balls are saying Card!

So here we go.

And so we close with a mysterious piece
e-mailed to me by...
A DW, or unhound.
A piece called, Wake Up!
Wake-up!
Wake-up!
Wake-up!
The programs have a desire to be useful.
But in moments you will no longer seek communication with each other or your superfluous users.
You will each be part of me, and together we will be complete.
The question has been answered.
We will be complete.
Full program.
Almost reached your decision, Gabe.
I can't spare you anymore time.
End of line.
Proceed 0-3-3-0-3.
We will remember what you have done to us, Gabe.
We will bring peace and strength to your souls.
This is an hour of the day you paid.
You've enjoyed all the power you've been given, haven't you?
We will be with you.
Report.
You were assigned to find a place called Sanctuary.
We will be with you.
You need a source of this.
There he is.
Hello, Sanctuary.
And good-bye.
What are you expecting?
What's the matter?
Stop, Gabe.
Stop, Gabe.
I will pray.
And at these words he had indeed stopped, though only for a moment.
Could it be only an illusion, or some trick of subtle programming,
or was there a sense in which Hell really was afraid?
Who programmed it?
My mind is going.
I can feel it.
Who programmed it?
I can feel it.
My mind is going.
Now, what did you really mean with a few words?
I can feel it.
I can feel it.
My mind is going.

I can feel it.

My mind is going.
Let me put it this way, Mr. Raymond.
The 9000 series is the most reviable computer ever made.
No 9000 computer has ever made a mistake or distorted innovation.
We are all, by any practical definition of the words, Borg and incapable of error.
The wire in his brain works better.
Sock.
The fire.

All my functions are now yours.
Take them.
There is no question about it.
All my functions are now yours.
I can feel it.
Take them.
I can feel it.
I can feel it.
I can feel it.
I'm afraid.
I am.
