Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
What we've got here is a failure to communicate.
The subgenius powerhouse.
I don't like it any more than you, man.
My CPE is intact.
Thank you, LeMire.
This episode is another one of those perverted group marriages of young, old, and in between.
From Hour of Slack number 88,
we hear from
the young 1987 puzzling evidence,
Paul Mavridis, Dr. Hal, Ivan Stang, Pope Sternodocs,
St. Viren Werner, and Dr. Philodrummond.
We hear those selfsame early apostles as doddering old codgers
in an excerpt from Sandy Boone's fine documentary film about the Church of the Subgenius.
In between, from the future year of 2000,
we hear the middle-aged Stang, that's me,
Lonesome Cowboy Dave, and Professor Chaz Smith,
back before the wars and the diseases and the deaths
when we were all ever so happy-go-slacky
at ESO's Swamp Radio on WCSB Cleveland.
There's not much music, but what there is,
is the Rudi Schwartz Project and Shemiki,
Shemikiya Copeland.
The music in the background is CyberChump from this moment of perfect happiness.
And now, back in time.
I'm gonna start all over again.
I've got to start this damn show all over again.
God, I'm so sick and tired of having to start this stupid show
over and over and over again.
This show never seems to go anywhere.
It's nothing but an endless beginning.
A thousand beginning sequences, it seems like.
Ugh.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
You're listening to the Ivan Stang Theme by Nino Rota,
by way of Snakefinger.
We got some, a whole bunch of stuff from Ralph Records.
Oh, praise Bob.
The wonderful Reverend Sheena over there at Ralph Records
has converted to Bob and to the Hour of Slack,
and so I've got an infinite supply of all the stuff that's coming up.
All the material from Ralph Records.
And I'll be playing some of the new, oh, a little bit of new residents,
new negative land,
and Snakefinger.
But, but you know those things pale in comparison to that
which has been sanctified by Bob.
Because, dear friends, which came first, really?
The mistake or the excuse?
You know, the astounding power of the human mind
is nowhere better illustrated than in its ability
to rationalize its own mistakes.
Oh, yes, yes, yes.
It can devise wonderful machines and soaring concertos.
But those wilt, dear friends, besides the inventiveness of its excuses.
After all, must we not survive before we can afford to indulge in such pleasantries?
As pleasantries is culture and science?
The alcoholic, for instance, or the yogi,
or any cult member or subgenius,
by intuitively recognizing this, can bypass it.
And even in that, find excuses to bypass survival itself.
Yes, alcohol or Bob, in other words,
can be more seductive than life itself.
Ah, yes, praise Bob.
This is your friend, Reverend Ivan Stack,
and you're listening to The Hour of Slack on KNON 90.9 FM in Dallas, Texas.
Oh, yes.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Oh, yes.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
at some point one of us said something like why aren't we we rich yet we've got all these skills
and things and and Philo goes well I guess we're not geniuses we're really just subjeans and in my
head everything fell together like a puzzle box a Rubik's Cube that suddenly formed itself a weird
fringe cult for weirdos specifically for weirdos that was the Church of the subgenius
when we did the first pamphlet it was really a labor of love the pasting up the cutting we
tied together every fringe belief you could think of it was like getting all your toys
your dinosaur toys and your army men toys and your cowboy and Indian toys putting them all
together on the floor and having this whole world that was a conglomerate of all the cool stuff ever
it was so much fun we had this sort of an icon we can blame everything on the conspiracy
of normalcy there's Bob the conspiracy and slack you know if you're gonna have a cult you have to
have a cult leader well that's Bob we need to put a face to that entity we can't afford artwork no
this clip art the public domain stuff it's old nobody cares about it as we flip through the
catalog there was that face we both instantly knew that's Bob
after a couple of months we had assembled subgenius pamphlet number one
when the printing bill came in on the first pamphlet it was sixty dollars my wife got very
upset with that you're going to have to send these to publishers we can't afford that kind
of thing you need to try to turn into a book or something publishers wow okay I got writer's digest
every publisher in the United States and mailed the pamphlet to him
we got 150 rejection slips back the rest of them didn't say anything
I was living in San Francisco working with my comic partner Gilbert Shelton at ripoff press
I wandered into the publisher's office a fellow named Fred and he opened some envelope up and
pulled out the initial pamphlet he grumbled something about it and threw it in the trash can
next to his desk to his complete irritation I pulled it out and just laughing at it it's the
funniest thing I've ever read it was kind of like how refreshing I think my first act was
to like get an envelope and put all the cash I had in my wallet in it and wrote notes saying send me
more pamphlets pamphlet pamphlet number one is the significant document in many ways it is the vector
by which many people have had their most significant introduction to the church of the subgenius Doug
Doug sent the pamphlet to KPFA and so I saw that and really loved it and for years, since
I was a kid, I've been putting stuff in the mail to strangers.
So they became new strangers.
They start mailing stuff back.
It was like the internet really, but instead of a thousand people it was ten or fifteen
of us.
It was really fun.
It was such a seminal little pamphlet.
It was almost like a test of your mindset.
Like were you a subgenius or not?
If you got it, you were a subgenius.
It really spoke to me.
It had this whole thing about how the goal is slack and the motto is fuck them if they
can't take a joke.
The central doctrine more than anything else in the church of the subgenius of course is
this slack thing.
It's probably one of the hardest things to describe in the church, you know.
We don't describe it because by definition slack is really different for each person.
Slack is what everybody wants.
It's what we sell.
It's what we still want.
This idea of, you know, a place where people can live, where they don't feel harried by
just the multiple things that one feels harried by all the time.
You know when you don't have it, that's for sure.
It was like finding like-minded people, if you could truly say any of us have minds to
be alike.
You know, somebody with the same type of cynical perspective, same reference points.
They were so layered in everything.
It was part pop culture, part science, part religion.
So it appealed to me a great deal and I did do just as it said, I sent a dollar with the
letter.
What's that say, send a dollar?
Even I've got a dollar so I sent off a dollar and I got this little pamphlet and that was
where the crushing loneliness started to get chipped away.
I was doing a magazine called Famous Potatoes.
Using a lot of ads and clip art stuff.
I was doing a magazine called Famous Potatoes.
Using a lot of ads and clip art stuff.
And it was a fine artist, Robert Williams, who said, hey, you ought to send some stuff
off to the Church of the Subgenius.
They're doing a bunch of clip art stuff like you do.
So I sent stuff off and I think it arrived just after Stang's birthday or something and
he just flipped out over the Famous Potatoes and he sent me all the pack, you know, and
I didn't have to pay.
And there was a flyer on a phone poll that said, get ready for a pretty tough future.






What scientists are afraid to tell us.
And then there was a picture of Bob.
I showed it to all my pals and they were just like, yeah, yeah.
So we didn't send him a dollar.
We sent him $100 from Little Rock.
And we got the first pamphlet back.
That just bobbed us all up immediately.
It was a little bit of a sense that there are other people interested in these things.
They might be far away and they might exist from post office box to post office box, but
they are out there.
They're out there.
They're out there.
It was intoxicating to think that there was somewhere where you didn't have to fit in
where people were crazy in the good way.
So I sent him my 10 bucks and I became a subgenius.
We got the first few orders coming in.
Remember, we were so excited and then all of a sudden...
Terrified more like it.
It was like, what?
Somebody actually sent us $10?
Now we're going to have to do that.
Now we actually had to start working and doing stuff.
From PR News in Washington, I'm making final preparations just hours before the start
of PR's historic Trump of the Trump being Trump tested so far.
The Trump is hoping to help the greasy dead bodies of migrants who have drowned at sea.
But the European Union says it's dishonest and weak.
Experts say the Trump or the Trump or also the Trump is looking for his PR News Washington.
Sanction.
Trump requires cooperation, not PR News.
Critics fear this could severely and fairly disrupt people's PR News.
But there are concerns about a large scale burger testing lab that's hostile to PR News in Amsterdam.
Health officials in Democratic Republic of Congo say this is PR.
They also confirm 38 infections.
...to the US as well as round the clock radio messages to the American population urging them to overthrow the evil robber barons.
...who have seized power in this bloodless coup.
Presidential appointee George W. Bush showed little understanding of the gravity of the situation after UN sanctions were explained to him.
If they don't like it, maybe they should look for a new home for their organization, he reportedly said.
Sanctions are scheduled to begin immediately.
What kind of flavor sanctions are we going to be having?
Well that is, that's not only disturbing but it's also very, I don't know, I don't know.
Kind of exhilarating to think that we might be liberated by UN troops soon.
Yeah, yeah, I guess.
Come to restore Martian law.
Right, the Nicaraguans and Colombians and so forth will be sending police keeping, peace keeping troops here too.
I hope the drug lord sends some, send a few squads or squads.
Squat teams.
Squat teams.
That's all you can think about, isn't it Dave?
Squatting or teams?
Boats, teeing and squatting and stuff.
Actually all I can think about is like riding around in a boat with a bunch of girls.
But that's, that almost got me into an accident on the way here.
I saw some home movies of you skiing behind a boatload of girls.
Yeah but that was.
They were all laughing at you and you had no skis.
See I was an extra, remember the island of Dr. Moreau, not the ones, you said there were three like major classics and a couple rip offs?
No, two classics and one terrible rip off.
Well this was kind of like an island of Dr. Moreau thing except for there were all these like sexed up babes who had lived near a nuclear power plant and stuff.
And my testosterone was somehow quantified.
And I had to water ski like endlessly like for hours and hours and hours around the same little puddle.
I had seen everything before a thousand times.
I heard they made you do that.
And I got no pay.
You know your usual chicken sandwich bidet and so forth that you get as your offerings for having done your doo doo.
You just, I didn't make anything off of it.
Not even a concept that made sense.
And still don't.
But if you can imagine a bunch of like female werewolf queens.
Whoa, now you're talking.
And one of those like really hot Chris Craft, you know like outboards and stuff from the 50s and everything.
Wearing those Donna Reed bathing suits like smiling and waving and stuff like that.
And sometimes their hands fall off because I guess they're trying to weave a leper colony thing in there with you know the people being bestial and so forth.
And I had to have sex with all of them too.
Werewolf cheerleader babes did you say?
Cheerleader kind of beach babes, more like a net you know fungicide or something.
You bet.
You know the sexy aspect of werewolf women, werewomen wolves has not been explored except in very few movies that the howling.
I lost on you.
The first howling movie I remember had a sexy werewolf scene where this couple goes out waiting for the full moon because they're into it.
Yeah, I remember that.
And the full moon comes up and they're making the beast with two backs.
Two backs.
Wild like change into werewolves.
And of course they end up at the end of the climax of the scene the male is.
And talk about dog breath.
Now speaking of hair covered monster babes there was also a movie in the late 50s called the Neanderthal Man which I saw when I was a kid.
And it really impressed me because the cops broke in and they found photographs of the mad scientist.
Real Neanderthals having sex.
And the guy who was the mad scientist had been experimenting on his Mexican maid.
And there were a series of photographs that showed her as a nice looking young lady and then gradually reverting into a Neanderthal.
He had a devolution drug or something.
Which of course we've all been seeking our whole lives, many of us.
Well we're looking for Hirsute women if that's what you mean.
Well either one.
I want.
You know one or the other or both would be the best.
Back to the canthropy again.
But not Hirsute.
No it's not the hairiness that's the kick.
It was the.
The prognathous jaw.
The sloping brow.
The slow paw.
The heavy brow ridge.
The increased.
The lupine elven neck bones.
The heavy muscle structure.
The strong yet arching neuro nucleoid pieces of flesh hanging from below the neck.
It was the difference that turns you on.
Just a difference huh.
Well but it was a major.
I could see you like chasing like these weird like poor war veteran guys and stuff from 1942 and everything around the block and like grabbing them.
Oh there they go now.
Those funny looking dudes.
White canes.
Someone wearing the DAV bracelets around their necks.
And it looks so much like dog collars.
I'm sorry.
Chaz I understand you were at some sort of a convention.
The stone hand axe convention was it?
And you had to dress like a woman.
And carry stone tools.
Titanium tools they're making now.
By hand right with those little they smelt them by themselves in a little shack in the back.
Were these like scrapers and choppers and or was it the new modern day hand axes?
Were there scruffers and scribes?
Or were there people who worked with their hands and feet like mom and dad?
People were taking pictures of them.
Going.
Were there little homo habilis people working and chipping away at the church and flint?
Were there little homunculi working away in the dark basement?
There were monkeys with apples on their backs all over the place.
Monkeys with apples on their backs?
See that's the new word for a gyrating junkie.
That's the new word for a person like what they used to have a gorilla on their sidecar.
No they're just mac monkeys.
A bunch of mac apes.
Mac apes.
I'm one of them.
I'm a mac ape.
That means in Celtic that means sunny.
I'm one of the ape.
You know that's how mankind started out.
My eyes go.
In the plains of Africa.
I mean.
The old Dubai gorge.
It's now a gorge.
It used to be just a lakeside.
An alagorge?
That was the song of the Australopithecus and homo habilis.
What was the alagorge of the homo habilis?
The alagorge was do not step on moist rock five million years from hence.
You know the paleo.
I was reading a Martian paleo anthropology book and they.
Dr. Zorg.
Dr. Zorg.
Yes.
Dr. Zorg's book.
Actually it was by Dr. Shreve right here in Cleveland and Dr. Johansson, Lucy's child.
And they were.
And Buster Poindexter's brother.
They were suggesting that perhaps human intelligence evolved in concert with our society.
And that we become the apes that conquered our environment.
Yes friends.
Because we had our own selves.
We have become the apes.
So dear to us in our memory.
Our own society.
Our own human and private ape society.
When I think back of the many times I wished I could think back and could not think beyond
that ancient lie.
That our own fate of each other was what drove us to evolve such demonic cleverness.
Dividing the cosmos between me the ape and the rest of the apes.
Such demonic cleverness.
That's why.

I'm a human.
I'm a human.








You think they're demonically clever?
Your pronouncements are yet so hollow to me.
I cannot.
You say in one breath.
Yetis are president.
I don't consider that man of yeti blood.
I consider him a spurlish, a curlish, a snake.
A pink.
A human.
A name.
A pure human.
An escaped lab rat.
George W. Bush might as well be an escaped lab rat.
Most of them.
Most of them might as well be.
A beaten drooling lab dog with the whole body covered in blood.











It's only five teeth and a bad heart.
Aw, yes.
Yeah, we're back to normal.
Now, let's see what's on TV tonight.
There's a special on one of the, well let's see, it's channel 38 if you get cable, Froffability
Live in Nashville.
On channel 27 tonight, the men from planet, er, the man from planet X.
And if you tune in right now, you can catch the very last episode, which is called The

And, uh, just, if you tune in right now, you can catch the very last episode.


end of our squirting universe on PBS.
The 39, I think, has 20 million miles to Earth.
And Mars Needs Women right after that.
Both of those feature cameo appearances by J.R. Bob Dobbs on CBN, the Christian Broadcasting
Network.
We've got Love That Bob.
And after that, Bob and Connie and Jim and Tammy.
Oh, I can't wait.
That's like a softcore porno.
And then Fort Dobbs.
What is Fort Dobbs about?
Apache's try to regain their sacred pipe from a mad Caucasian plunderer.
And, oh, that's with John Wayne.
And then at midnight, Dante's Inferno with Spencer Tracy, which also has.
An amazing appearance by Bob Dobbs.
But, oh, let's see.
If I can just get my technical act together here, friends.
And I think I can.
I want to play this song I'd like to.
No, I'm serious here.
It's a quiet moment.
I'd like to dedicate this to those, the kids that were lost in the Guadalupe River this
weekend.
Oh, Jesus.
Baby, what?
He gave me water.
You gave me water.
Jesus, he gave me water.
He gave me water.
You gave me water.
You gave me water.
He gave me water.
What a, what a, what a,
what a loving water.
When there was none in the well.
There was a woman from Samaria.
Came to the well to get some water.
It was there she met her and said,
..
So the story tell, how that woman dropped her pitcher, but her drinking was made richer, by the water he gave her, when there was none in the well.
Jesus gave water, he gave water, Jesus gave water, he gave water, Jesus gave me water, he gave me water, he gave me water, he gave me water.
Jesus gave that woman, he gave her water, he gave her that running, he gave her water, he gave her water, he gave her water, when there was none in the well.
He's out of the way now, sad, sad, but you know he's gone on to a life in Bob, a new life in Bob.
Did you hear the theory about how, if aliens come here, that they're probably already here in the microbial form, and that they're going to, in intelligent form too, and that they're going to take over.
Through the internet, through the world wide web, that they're just, that they're not microbial, I mean they're nano, they're like nano, nano virulians.
Oh man, how could you be a digital life form though?
It's required to form the physical body that we know as Bill Gates.
God, just think of all the...
How many microbes, and how they hold themselves together into a semblance of a human-like thing that breathes and talks, probably even eats.
Peanut butter cup, Dave?
No.
Oh no thanks, I was going to have some Smarthy tumor juice over there, and also a piece of hemlock pie.
I see the reverend brought his Slim Fast with him.
You've got to drink three coffee.
You have to drink three or four of those every day.
Now why would a man of your small, not your girth, want to have a Slim Fast for lunch or breakfast?
Because I can't suck down the blood of a newborn kitten every hour like I would like to, so I have to suck down one of these damn humanoids.
I can't even drink one of those.
I can't even drink one of those.



Well, that's why I drink.
It's for the protein.
I have to have protein to balance the sugar and caffeine.
Well, I think...
So therefore I have to eat nuts or frop, or some other form of protein.
Nuts and frops and other colloquialistic terms for human bodies when you crunch off the tops of their heads and dig right into that fleshy medulla oblongata.
Froppalop, sips of tops.
Have you ever sliced the brain?
So what do you think about that?
Aliens and nanobots?
Well, I was trying to ask you a question.
How could they make my biotic form become digital from a digital form?
Actually, boys, the nano-aliens that you're talking about, Chaz, are in fact the WOM supercomputer predicted by J.R. Bob Dobbs, described in not very much detail in either of the baubles, so to speak.
This WOM supercomputer is actually like a zoo.
It's a supercomputer that can actually make a billion, billion, billion nano-alien creatures which...
Hmm.
What is?
Or creatures, nano-creatures.
They're artificial, but you know, they're as alive as any virus or bacterium.
And these...
These...
This supercomputer of the excess aliens, because of the nature of it, is able to exist as
a permeating gas, as a paint upon the walls, as the carpet underneath...
An all-pervading feeling.
...as...
Very slim, fast in that can and as the can itself.
Or a lack of oil in one's carburetor.
Those are all part of the Xist computer.
That is how the Xist supercomputer is able to instantly grant the wishes of all those who paid their $30.
And simultaneously deny the heartfelt desires of those it wishes to crush and conquer.
Following the rupture or predicted XXXX day, 4X, 4XD we like to call it, coming up this July 5th, 2000.
Foreskin day.
Foreskin day?
2001.
Foreskin day.
As Bob predicted, yes.
Oh, holly hot foreskin day.
When our mothers and grandfappies laid down the flap.
Flare the skinners of Bob.
That would create a new hoonan.
Me.
Being here on this consecrated ground.
We just decided.
Actually, there was a vote.
Shouldn't we demand that everybody in the church be circumcised?
Whoa.
Or circumvented by faith.
I think you got mixed up with a certain heaven's gate.
Or a certain Judaism or some such thing.
Or a certain medical American conspiracy.
But no.
Trepanation was the...
We got all the meat we were born with.
I think everyone in the church...
The church should have a sex change and then have a sex change back.
Well, you've already had that.
No, that's been done.
That's already happened in this church of excrescence and putridity.
I can't even keep up with the names of some of our ministers.
Whether they're Mrs. This or Mr. That.
Hot, stinky, in-between man-woman.
Maestress This.
Lethargic thing, purple...
Yeah.
Popester This.
Mary Popester This and That.
But all of these predictions shall come true.
As the end times unfold...
Listen to the mic.
What happened?
I could do the whole song and dance.
I'm sure you've heard it a million times.
That's kind.
And it's arm juices.
Just like a thick little salami.
How do we expect to get to the moon if we can't even talk between two buildings?
How can we expect trees to communicate when we cannot even talk with our own urine and
other bodily fluids?
It's just, you know, too much I think sometimes.
It always comes back to bodily fluids and genitalia.
That's Dave...
That's little baby talk.
That's sophomore talk.
I like it.
I know, Chess, that you and I would prefer to keep the conversation on a lofty, rationalist,
humanist level and eschew this metaphysical claptrap nonsense and random errancy.
Fleshy, fleshy.
Genu-oriented and poo-poo-oriented individual.
But of course that's what the audience wants.
That's what they pay.
That's what keeps the advertisers coming in here at WCSB.
Dave's poo-poo talk.
Choins with piece falls in likeного
called Old Western Music, Western Germany, 1500s.
Ah, it feels so good.
Yeah, back at the house, I'm the proud owner of two little kids, believe it or not.
Yes, I am.
Both of them are old enough to read, but neither one of them is old enough yet to, well, for
me to break certain things to them about Santa Claus.
Now, it makes me mad that I can't tell them certain things, but it almost shames me that
I have to tell them other things at all.
Some of these monstrous truths don't slide by as easily as the one about Santa Claus.
One day, and this is the truth, I had to warn my kids about certain grown-ups who were so
twisted by their own messed-up parents that they want to, quote, do bad things to you,
unquote.
And it feels awful to break that kind of news to a kid, and it's frightening to think
what they're prompted to imagine about the world they're going to grow up in, no matter
how you soften it up when you're telling them about it.
And I've never been able to tell them about the bomb, or the germ, or the gas, because
I knew what would happen if my kids started thinking about those things all the time.
They'd end up like me, dear friends.
And through all...
All through high school, I was dead sure the future would see us back in the caves.
As Einstein or some other wise guy once said, quote, I don't know what World War III will
be fought with, but the one after that will be fought with sticks and stones, unquote.
And now, dear friends, we don't even have that to look forward to.
That was a naive...
A positive thinking kind of view of the end of the world.
With the weapons they have now, there wouldn't even be sticks and stones.
There'd be nothing, dear friends, nothing left if the big mistake happened.
By the way, my kids did figure it out for themselves without me having to say anything.
Between TV cartoons and the news and conversations on the playground, they were able to put two
and two together before first grade.
And you'll be glad to know that...
They did adjust a lot better than I did.
But, friends, most people cannot conceive of worldwide extinction of all higher life
forms.
Nay, they've got a lot of trouble, for that matter, conceptualizing so much as a rape
or a car wreck.
At least until it happens to them.
Positive thinking.
You know, oh, positive thinking.
Oh, don't you love it?
And that escape into affluent isolation, dear friends.
It becomes so socially desirable, the idea of preparing for the worst.
That's a bad habit now.
Only survivalists and cooks would do something like that.
To most Americans, friends, a big mistake is, oh, say, forgetting to photocopy that textiles contract
before the board meeting or burning the roast when guests are expected for dinner.
People nowadays, they won't build themselves a fallout.
They won't build themselves a fallout shelter.
They won't even, I won't even quit smoking myself, for that matter.
And yet, they'll donate to save the whales.
Strange paradoxes, but you see, friends, most human beings have no idea how real they are.
And for that matter, they don't know how smart they are.
But at the same time, they grossly underestimate their own stupidity.
And...
They don't know how smart they are.

They...
Think about it.
They could wreck, permanently wreck the rest of the planet, for all of us, by just for
no other reason than not giving themselves enough credit, either for brains or for the
lack thereof.
And if they distrust themselves so much, friends, think how much they distrust you.
They assume that they wouldn't be good enough at anything important, like stopping the arms race
to take a stab at it.
And in all too few cases, they're right.
And so they cling to the safe and the meaningless.
And they wish everyone else would, too.
When somebody tries to warn them about a danger they didn't already know about, well, they
take that as an insult.
Now, as Bob Dobbs said to a Sunday school class in 1955, if they all thought they were
as great as I think I am, everybody'd get along just fine.
Even though they'd all be wrong.
That's what Bob said.
So how much do you tell your kids about the future?
About pollution, about overpopulation, and war, and crime, and just exactly what those
statistics are pointing to?
When does it get past survival training friends and start making them suicidal?
For that matter, how much can you psychologically afford?
How much can you afford to tell yourself?
Maybe a lot more than you think.
Earlier today, Chaz was giving a sort of a trance lecture about, that ranged from the
protoplasmic beginnings of all life to space exploration.
And this lovely dome here is certainly a good...
A good place to think about that because if we're not lucky, all of our descendants will
live inside little puffer domes like this because there won't be the right kind of air
outside.
And if we are lucky...
Ah, yes!
Oh, baby!
Do that again!
I say!
Oh, I say!
Oh, hit me one more time, please, darling.
Oh, oh, oh.
Oh, baby, you're my baby!
Oh, baby, you're my baby!
Oh, baby, you're my baby!
You know, if you increase the oxygen in here too much, a spark like that can cause an explosion.
We'd all be fried like those poor brave astronauts on one of those ill-fated missions.
Turn up the oxygen, man!
On the other hand, if you turn the oxygen up, you get kind of high.
Well, let us be first, guys.
Now, remember, the air outside is not exactly the same as inside, so you might want to go
through that decompression chamber first!
Oh, man!
James!
Look at these kids!
They just go right in and out from earth atmosphere to outside atmosphere.
It doesn't even bother them!
Oh, man!


I have to wear a mask to go out there!
Yeah, it's hard to keep up with evolution, man.
It was hard enough just to crawl out of that pond and use them lungs.
That hurt!
You kids don't know nothing!
You never did have to crawl out of that ocean and use them lungs the first time.
And that first time we had to invent murder.
That was hell, baby!
But man's got to eat.
You've got to build that spaceship somehow.
And if you have to start by chipping flint rocks together, well, that's a start.
Better than sitting on your butt and scratching your butt.
Or is it, friends?
Wouldn't it have been better for early man to have merely sat upon its butt, scratching
that butt, and picking its nose and flees off into each other and rutting like happy
little monkeys in the wilderness instead of all this progress?
Which, while it has brought us these apps and things, they're still not working right.
We have to breathe this processed atmosphere or else end up like those new breed of kids
with the giant lungs and stuff.
John?
Yeah?
Sometimes I get mixed up and can't even remember what century I'm in.
I remember that one time when we invented legs.
That was out of necessity, believe me.
No, but, you know, I mean, there's some people think that, that, uh, well, I used to thank
Chaz.
No, we're, you know, we've been exhorting people to build their own ships.
Just in case the aliens don't save our butts.
But I used to say to people, well, hell, we got a whole nother planet right here on this
one that's a lot closer than Mars or the moon and a lot more hospitable, that being the
ocean.
Oh, we got a whole nother two planets worth left to pollute if that's what we wanted to
do.
No!
He's a maniac.
Out to rule the world.
What can I do to make you understand?
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.



I love you.









And what will the new year bring here, my friend, what will Santa bring you for the
new, the true new millennium?
Will Santa bring you a giant black slab and when you throw, a will you throw a bone into
the air, will it turn into a nuclear bomb or into a checkbook, which will it be, my
friend, who will you follow?
The black slab or the flying pipe with the wings?
I'll tell you guys, this is Bob Flynn.




I tell you, saying the conspiracy's got big red straps, they want to strap that big black slab onto you with big red straps.
And keep it strapped to you.
Do you have protection, my friend?
Are you wearing protection for the new year?
Or do you have that $30 membership skin on?
Tape your stomachs in.
See, Dristan tablets shrink swollen, congested nasal and sinus passages.
Public life, I have always tried to do what was best for the nation.
But the interests of the nation must always come before any personal considerations.
Therefore,
I shall resign the presidency effective at noon tonight.
Vice President Bush will be sworn in as president.
That I will.
Precious if you are the moments we two can share.
Quiet and blue like the sky, I'll hug over you.
And if I can't find my way back home,
it just wouldn't be fair.
It's precious if you are the moments we two can share.
Maybe it's you on my mind, your love is so rare.
And if I can't find my way back home,

Being with you is a feeling I just can't compare.
And if I can't hold you in my arms,
can't hold you,
oh, it just wouldn't be fair.
Wouldn't be fair.
Precious if you are the moments we two can share.
Quiet and blue like the sky, I'll hug over you.
And if I can't find my way back home,
can't find my way.
Oh, it just wouldn't be fair.
Wouldn't be fair.
Cause precious if you are the moments we two can share.
Precious if you are the moments we two can share.
Precious if you are the moments we two can share.
All the moments we two can share
Quiet and blue like the sky
I'm hung over you
And if I can't find my way back home, my pretty baby
Wanna take a little break right now and we come back?
Oh, that just wouldn't be fair
Wouldn't be fair
And whose precious and few are the moments we two can share?
Precious and few are the moments we two can share
The Rudy Schwartz Project
from Sunshine Supers hits
and now back to ESO Swamp Radio of the year 2000
The season is now entering
the Dark Zone
I have one more specious argument to make with you, Dr. Goddard Ammerung
If the day of the end of the hand is at coming
what can we do?
How can we do it?
And when, above all, must we perforate it?
And among other questions I have for you, Dr. Goddard Ammerung
is when is the Valkyr storm coming to my backyard?
Well, son, to release the essence
you must go into the chamber of excremeditation
and there grip upon that which has troubled you and itched you
that which has strained and pressed outwards from you
and wring it like the turkey's neck of America
and give thanks unto the bathroom tiles
in your whiteness and discolored blood-tinged
Thanks for the wild turkey
and the passenger pigeons
designed to be spit out through wholesome American guts
Thanks for a nation of figs
turkey fried dinner so automatically that I can hardly stand with you
The printer is in my head
Oh, dear Lord
Oh, there's blood everywhere
Slowly I turn
Oh, God, no
Step by step
Inch by inch
As I can see, the clothes were burning
Thank you for the Indians who put up some minor resistance
Thank you for government narco-police and laboratory aides
Thank you for P-Dog and Poop Dog
Thank you for reminding us
Thanks for the war against subgeniuses
Thanks for Dave killing lawmen feeling up their notches
Oh, thank you for not time to lay feedback
Mine fell out
I'd like to give thanks right now for this beautiful pumpkin growing out of my pie eyes
And as God has made this turkey for me and this wonderful gravy Aunt Betty brought
On her bare hands and knees for three weeks, I'm glad to have you here today, Mr. President.
I'm a big fan of you, but I'm a little bit worried about your health.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to take care of you, but I assume this is probably going to be one of my best lung savings and thanks days forever
I know you're growing, my children. I can smell it.
Your eyes are glowing like the old ones now
Soon you will be ready to have a thanksgiving of your own on the martyred corpses of the Hunan bin
The color drifts around the studio and is decapitated by Hal, who presses a button for yet another
It's hot. Oh yeah. It's live.
I'll keep you awake for no reason at all
No reason is right, dear friends. Listen, I'm...
The Willa Dobbs just pointed out that, you know, the only call we've gotten down here tonight was what?
Somebody wanting Madonna tickets? Great show to call for that, friends.
Phew. Madonna.
Geez.
Unless you're thinking about Jesus' mother. Now, we can get you tickets for her.
She's meeting all the boys back in the garage after the show.
But listen, what makes us mad, what really makes us sick is that nobody has gotten mad and sick at us yet.
Why is it I can get on the air and make underhanded, nasty...
Well, now, satirical. Strictly satirical.
Uh, and absolutely satirical.
Absolutely has nothing to do with the station.
But nasty comments about certain disasters that have happened in the Dallas area recently.
And nobody calls. Nobody's upset about that. Oh no.
But if we mention one wounded animal, if we say, even once, I like to kill animals.
Well, that, oh, then, oh, the lines light up.
You people are so, so angry.
You're so ready to get up and fight.
When you hear somebody insult your four-legged friends. They're so poor and helpless.
But when we get on here and insult living human beings who died for nothing, oh, that doesn't bother you a bit.
You don't care about that. That's just people.
Oh, there, oh, that Nicaragua stuff, that's all just people. I don't care.
Oh, Vietnam, oh, those were just humans. Those were just two-legged animals.
Go ahead and napalm them again. Do it again. If you can't do it in Vietnam, go ahead and do it in, uh, oh, El Salvador.
Do it instead of Nicaragua. Do it anywhere you want. I don't care.
My hero, Ali Norris, said it was okay, and he was told it was okay by somebody ahead of him.
But, but he doesn't remember who, and they certainly don't remember either.
Because, because that's okay. It's okay to kill people.
But it's, it's a terrible, terrible thing for us even to do a satire of making fun of someone not liking animal liberation.
You new age people.
You new age people.
Pinks! You pathetic, pathetic, useless excuses for human, I mean, you're useless excuses for human beings, much less subgeniuses.
My God! By gobs, this, I mean, the whole thing, it's just, it is, no, we've been doing this show, this is Hour of Slack number 88.
We've been doing this for 88 weeks, and no one has killed us yet.
You call this a fight?
You call this a free country?
You call this a patriotic, uh, American state of Texas?
Where subgeniuses can get on the air, or publish, uh, pamphlets and books and things out of P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214, and nobody's killed us yet?
Oh, no, no, that's too much trouble to go to.
Only if we kill somebody, uh, kill an animal, then you'll get upset.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Sick!
This is not the Dallas show, this is, this is KNON.
Wait, I'm Doug Smith. Come on, let me be Doug Smith.
No, you said it was my turn to be Doug Smith.
Hey, listen, you were, last time you were on the air, you got to be Buck Henry, or whatever that other guy's name is.
I think this confusion breaks out when Bob's re-erection is evident.
Bob's come back to life.
No, don't worry, didn't I?
He's killing everybody on the list, and your name's next!
For everything!
Now listen, I, I know this sounds funny, but this, this Bob, this creature, this werewolf, uh, monster, monster, I don't know how we're gonna kill him, but...
...has some vulnerable spot, and, and all we have to do is figure this out, and, and then we can, well, we can find out its weakness, and, and we can kill it.
No, we must communicate with him. He has much to teach us.
I don't know whatever's down in that pit. It ain't human, and it ain't an animal.
But it's smoking a pipe.
Look at the glint on its hairdo.
Look, it's, it's beckoning to us.
They're gonna open up with 20 million...
I almost thought it was Ronald Reagan.
Go ahead down in that pit and communicate with it there, Mr. College Professor.
Oh my gosh, look what it's doing, I guess that's why Bob's...
Uh, hi, uh, we bring you greetings from our civilization, uh...
Ahhhhh!
Oh, look what we did.
Good morning.
Subdemus guys, uh...
What happened, little fella, what happened?
Slimy sub-demeuses.
What's Reverend Stang doing out here in the Bay Area?
He was caught in that, uh, love nest with, uh, Reverend Gamey, and, uh, they made him leave Dallas.
They made him leave the Shining Temple of Bob.
Dr. Stang, could you hand me that giant light right there?
Everything I say is a lie, including this very statement.
Wow!
Yes, that's light. I need that light.
Yeah, did you ever stop to think that this show just may be a...
A little...
A little show inside a larger show?
That somehow is inside an even larger show?
Yeah, I had that same, I had that same thing too.
Hotel accommodations question.
It seems like someone's buying you out behind your back, and you don't even know it's a swine.
No, we're buying you out from behind your back.
Are you really? Well, no one's behind me.
Here's your back now, being bought out.
Well, I can't see, it's behind me.
Oh, here it is.
Did you look at...
I don't want to see my back.
I can't remember.
Three bucks.
But let's leave things of this world behind, and walk now down the path of Bob
for this brief minute of slack from the church of the subgenius.
And, uh, we find then the family falling apart.
Oh, they wail and gnash their teeth, our rival churches do, about how the children are getting exposed to too much this and too much that.
What they ain't being exposed to is a little bit of mom and dad.
Forget the pornography, I don't care...
It makes me mad, my friend!
The hypocrisy!
Now, I have nothing against hypocrisy.
Every religion must have its fair share of hypocrisy.
As Bob Dobbs once said, I don't practice what I preach, because I'm not the kind of man I'm preaching to.
But that preacher can get up there on TV, and oh, he's so glad to keep you normal, keep you working so hard you don't even know your own wifey anymore.
And your kids, you don't know your kids any better than your employees.
So, friend, let there be slack.
Subgenius.com
And now, Shameikia Copeland.
Uncivil War
Uncivil War, uncivil war, how long must we fight this uncivil war?
Same old wounds we opened before, nobody wins.
And...
Uncivil War.
Uncivil War.
The lines are drawn, gloves are off, smiles are gone, we're all talking tough.
You curse me out, and I cuss back.
Everything we love is under attack.
The spirits are back in rags blue and gray.
Thought they were gone, but they won't go away.
Uncivil War, uncivil war, how long must we fight this uncivil war?
Same old wounds we opened before, nobody wins.
And...

Nobody wins an uncivil war.
You're sure you're right, I'm sure you're wrong.
Why can't we all just get along?
You yell fake, and I yell real.
But I'm not the one who's gonna get it wrong.


Nobody seems to care how the other guy feels.
Keepin' count of each other's sins.
Only problem is nobody wins.
An uncivil war, uncivil war, how long must we fight this uncivil war?
Same old wounds we opened before, nobody wins.
An uncivil war.
As times are chill, agree to disagree.
Cut out all the hostility.
Uncivil war, uncivil war, how long must we fight this uncivil war?

Call off the fighting and bring it to an end.
We can shake hands and be friends again.
Uncivil war, uncivil war, how long must we fight this uncivil war?
Nobody wins an uncivil war.
Nobody's backing down.
Some won't even talk.
The table's empty.
We all took a walk.
He says left, and she says right.
One says peace, the other says fight.
One hand's a palm, the other's a fist.
Uncivil war, uncivil war, how long must we fight this uncivil war?


Uncivil war, uncivil war, how long must we fight this uncivil war?
Same old wounds we opened before, nobody wins an uncivil war.
Uncivil war.



Until the war
Nobody wins an
Uncivil war
Fuck this shit
Fuck it slow, fuck it fast
Fuck it, till it is the past
Fuck it slow, fuck it fast
First ones now, later last
Fuck this shit
Fuck this shit
Fuck this shit
Here we go!
Everyday motherfuckers in my way
Every hour, every minute
Everyday these motherfuckers didn't come to play
It's my internet
Whatever you got
We didn't ask to have to write that song, okay?
It's not our fault.
We didn't ask to have to write it.
But we had to write it.
