Welcome to the subgenius radio hour of slap.
I better try and break it.
These things can do nasty things to the brain if the pitch gets up into ultrasonics.
You like that?
No, sir.
Just keep thinking about that.
It's almost beyond human understanding.
Some fantastic invisible force converted two men into jelly.
Human.
Look, Dan.
Look at this.
Look what it's done.
The whole...
The tissue structure's eaten away.
The bone's powder.
Oh, it takes care of my supper tonight.
But let's leave things of this world behind
and walk now down the path of Bob for this brief minute of slack from the church of the subgenius.
This is Reverend Ivan Stanger.
I'm 31 years old, friends.
Not an old man, a young man.
Not too many wrinkles on my face, but I tell you, friend,
the wrinkles on my old head come not from...
from worrying, but from partying.
There's two kinds of people.
The kind that gets wrinkles from worrying and the kind that get them from partying.
Now, my gray hairs come from kicks, and I can dig it.
I'm a hip cat.
I can enjoy myself, and I believe that's what the Lord God thing, Wotan, put us on this planet to do,
is to enjoy ourselves.
We were created.
Therefore, there must be a reason.
Therefore, that reason must be to have fun and get slack.
This is the logic of Bob Dove.
It's a job, friend, and it is inescapable.
Uh, so, you can't enjoy yourself if you're a hateful pink boy who thinks that hurting other people is enjoyable.
So, slack for thyself and slack for others, friends, are not interchangeable, but interconnected.
And so we find that there was a consistency in the word of Bob that was not visible before.
And of course, it cannot ever be visible to one who does not have the blood of the Himalayan Yeti pulsing through their veins.
Let there be slack.
In the beginning, God created Heavens, the Earth, Formless Darkness, Deep Spirit, Surface Waters.
God said, Light, Light, Light, Light, Light, Day.
God said, The Waters, The Waters, The Waters, The Waters, The Waters, Day.
God said, The Waters, The Sky, The Dry Land, Earth, The Waters, Seas, The Earth, Grass, Seed, and Fruit, Trees, Be, The Earth.
The Earth, Grass, Seed, Kind, Trees, Fruit, Seed, Kind, Day.
God said, Light, Sky, Day, Sun, Sea, Sea, Day, Day, Light, Light, Light, Light, Light, Earth, Sun, Sky, Day, Light, Light, Light, Light, Day, Day, Day, Day, Day, Day, Day, Day.
Ah, yes, friends, ah, yes, what a fine, fine show this promises to be with not only the usual weird clips and bits from all kinds of movies,
but binary slack by our friends such as Mr. Sister, Fernanda Nandy-Lemur, Artemia Salina, New Monet, Tesla Coil, and so many others, friends.
Also, this show will feature the Indianapolis Devival, held a few months ago in Indianapolis, Indiana by the Queegee-Bow Cartel.
Friends, it was like this.
Welcome, ladies and gentlemen, brothers and sisters, friends and neighbors, local hicks and out-of-town rubes,
welcome, one and all, to the 2002 Indie-Vival.
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah.
I am your host, Pope Fred, and on behalf of the Queegee-Bow Cartel
and the good citizens of Indianapolis, Indiana, I thank you.
I thank you. I really do.
I mean, it takes a great and wonderful thing for each and every one of you to tear yourselves away from your mundane lives,
to come out here to buy expensive drinks, and listen to music that you could have heard on VH1,
or better yet, download from the internet for free.
Indeed, we have stiff competition from this very city to take away your entertainment dollar.
And in the interest of fairness, I will give you a bottle sample.
You have a chance to see the Ray Romano.
Yes.
TV's Ray Romano from Everybody Loves Raymond on the 26th at the Clothes Memorial Hall for a night of comedy, comedy, comedy.
This weekend is the last chance that you'll get to see Scooby-Doo live!
Hello!
Scooby-Doo live on stage at the Murat Theatre this weekend.
You came here.
Roll raggy and deep.
Sound Tribe Sector 9 is playing right now at the patio.
Really?
Really.
He's gone.
Oh, well, we got your ten bucks. Thank you.
Thank you very much.
And lastly, Indianapolis offers for your entertainment pleasure, John Mayer at the Murat Egyptian Room,
who has, and I quote,
a solid singing voice that captivates crowds and an obvious passion for creating earnest songs.
End quote.
Now you can't beat that.
No siree.
What chance, what chance does our little dog and pony show have against such a veritable cornucopia of sights, sounds, and amazement?
None.
Were it not for the fact that our dog can spout hellfire rants that'll curl your nostril hairs, and our pony has been trained to do things that you can only see on the internet or bachelor parties.
Plus, our kids have hearts.
They care enough to bring this show to you.
Care enough to bring access to your home.
They're far away from Pittsburgh, if we could.
And we did.
St. N and Sister Hell in a Handbasket will give you more bang for your buck than any solid singing voice could muster.
We'll be right back.
One night while I was lying, looking at the sky,
I thought of the subgenius, is it all a lie?
I thought of all the books and papers that I'd read.
I thought of Arnold Palmer and his bleeding head.
I thought of all my brethren and rants that they'd share.
I thought of all these things that I'd read.
I thought of all these things and wondered if I cared.
I pondered for a while.
I pondered through the night.
By the next morning, I decided they were right.
We got rhyme selections in a wide array.
Chaine de bonbon pour vous manger.
Ring in the news cause I'm country mic.
Use a microphone like Shazam, use tight.
The party people scream, ring, ring, sing, ring.
Cause I got a remote for my beat down.
Ring in the news cause I'm country mic.
Word.
I felt so relieved.

It really was a rush.
I am so happy that I'm a subgenius.
Tired of playing normal and following the herd.
I woke the next day to go and spread the word.
The people that I talked to, they acted all afraid.
They won't even listen unless they're getting paid.
I really do hate them, these things of which I speak.
They point it and they laugh.
They said I was a freak.
Freak, freak, freak, freak, freak, freak.
Tick tock, socialize.
Open up your ears and clean out your eyes.
Who in the world do you want to fight?
It's against the system we should unite.
Fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight.
Now I sit here thinking of everything I've said.
I really am a Bobby.
My face is turning red.
I thought I was a Bobby.
I was finished.
I wondered what to do.
Ready to give it up.
I didn't have a clue.
Then it all came to me.
I really should have known.
There are so many like me.
I'm really not alone.
I found others like me with whom I could converse.
One day the subgenius will rule this universe.
Ladies and gentlemen, introducing the man who sort of started this whole thing.
A man who's a close personal friend.
I love the man.
He's the cream of my coffee.
The sugar in my tea.
The Adam to my Costello.
The one, the only.
I...
I...
I...
David Stant!
I love you, Siobhan.
I love you too.
I love you.
You sit down and shut up!
Because there is something I have not heard out of you maggots and pukes yet.
Have I heard a god damn praise Bob?
Praise who?
Praise who?

Praise who?
too? I don't think I heard it very loud.
Ah, it's starting to sound like music. Like with a beat, it could be like praise Bob!
Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise Bob!
That's enough! What's wrong with you bunch of Bobbies or what? Jesus Christ. A bunch
of religious fanatics. Oh, friends, well I guess that will do for this sacred moment
I got y'all yelling a little bit.
Friends, welcome to the very first in all history
Indianapolis D-Vival.
Praise fucking God!
The conspiracy tried to keep us away from this
D-Vivian state, but by God we did it anyway!
Now friends, I suppose this may be the very first
subgenius D-Vival for some of you.
Some have come around and heard this old comedy thing
and some are going, I'm going to go there and make
sure they're as stupid as I've heard by God,
just so I know once and for all.
And when you come to a subgenius D-Vival,
sometimes you see these amazing displays of behavior,
apparent abnormal behavior, and you go,
what the hell does that have to do with Bob?
Well, it doesn't necessarily have to do with,
have a damn thing to do with Bob.
It's just a thing.
Because really, all Bob wants for you is slack.
Now listen, they get all excited about slack.
It's like, how many of you can tell me what slack is?
Indefinable.
There's someone with the correct definition of slack.
It is absolutely indefinable.
Those who know don't say, and those who say don't know,
as the Hell's Angels used to say,
which makes me think I probably shouldn't be saying
that myself anyway.
But I will come up and give a longer sermon later,
but I wanted to pump the newcomers up with just enough
to get you to, well, either come or get frustrated
and come back one more later.
So I'm going to give you a very quick capsule description
of this beautiful institution known as
the Church of the Sub-Goddamn-Genius.
There are only three things you really need to know about it.
And you'll have it down.
Bob, slack, and the conspiracy.
That sounds like I hardly need to explain anything.
But, oh, and the one rule.
There is, you know, most religions rely on an incredible number of rules.
Damn, man, I'm so distracted.
I'm trying to read his death sign down there.
There's so many religions and things offer you
all these complicated sets of rules.
And we do too.
But they're all understood to be complete bullshit.
Except for the one really serious fucking goddamn rule
in the Church of the, pardon my language, sub-genius.
That one simple, obvious rule is, of course,
fucking if they can't take a joke.
And you know the damn weird thing about it is,
there's, every now and then you stumble upon something
that sounds like hilarious bullshit in the Church of the sub-genius
and yet somehow happens to be true.
Well, most of them aren't always true.
But, fuck them if they can't take a joke is something you can live by.
And in fact, it is the only philosophy you can actually live by.
Now, to give you a capsule summation about this man, Bob,
whose face you've seen in clouds tattooed on hookers' butts.
And sometimes some of you have it so embedded in your mind,
embedded on the retinas of your eyes,
that even when you blink and close your eyes,
you see the negative version of his hideous, grinning visage.
I find it hideous because he's my boss.
Okay, I know most of you like Bob.
I do too.
But imagine, you know, having to...
I have no words for the guy!
Anyway, Bob Dobbs, back in 1953, founded this Church of the sub-genius
when he discovered, well actually he didn't discover,
but he was, he was, uh,
he had this sort of a vision, my friends.
He was trying to make his own amateur TV set,
he stepped in a puddle of water,
and God himself grabbed Bob up and yanked him up by the scruff of the neck
and told him that there was a conspiracy of normal people
who had been robbing away the slack of the weirdos and abnormals
through, since the dawn of time.
Well, this wasn't actually God saying this,
it was this alien space monster that has...
managed to convince most people it dealt with that it was God over the centuries.
So what's the difference?
Uh, and so, when Bob, and also this creature,
this monster from outer space who is worshipped as God and Jesus by many people,
was, uh, it told Bob that the world was going to end July 5th, 1998,
by which fact we know that obviously that date has not come,
the conspiracy is a lot bigger than we thought,
and they started messing with the calendars,
and God only knows how long ago.
Anyway, friends, he said,
Bob, I want you to get off your ass and start yourself a do-it-yourself religion.
I give you a church to found,
not upon a rock, but upon a sandy shifting beach of hypocrisy, friend.
Beautiful, beloved hypocrisy,
for where would any religion worth its salt be without its fair measure of hypocrisy?
It's the only thing that he says, God.
Praise fucking God!
And Bob was a salesman before he was a prophet.
He would, in religion, he decided it was the best product of all,
because there was no manufacturing costs at all.
And so he created this disorganized do-it-yourself religion,
a non-organization for non-joiners,
which is why there's only about a hundred people in here, not a hundred thousand.
People who are, what, the sinners, the mutants, the misfits,
the disbelievers, or those who will believe anything.
Those are the ones.
Those are the ones.
I'm looking for people who like to draw flies, friend.
Now, here's the thing.
All subgeniuses are, in fact, completely different from each other.
If you look around this room, you'll go,
well, some of them are sort of what I expected,
but, ew, that's a, my fellow subgenius, you know.
Well, friends, it's true.
The only thing that any of us have in common,
is that we have nothing at all in common with the conspiracy of the normal people.
Now, sometimes I used to feather that and go,
but now the normal people, they can't help it,
because they, ah, who cares?
Kill them all anyway!
Let goddess sort them out!
I'm sorry, I had a pagan's t-shirt.
I thought that was real funny.
Let goddess sort them out.
Goddess is peaceful, not like God.
God's all mean,
and got a beard,
and lightning bolts, right?
And goddess is round, and earth-like, and sweet.
Well, then we'll let God kill them all,
and let goddess sort them out.
And those who goddess sees,
have paid their $30 dues in the church of the subgenius.
That's when that goddess rips her goddess mask off,
and says, well, I was actually one of those hideous alien monsters.
And you're safe,
and you're going to be given the powers of God,
and we'll take you up just like all that new age crap,
except,
one of those religions has to be right, right?
Right!
What if it's this one?
Why not?
It's so damn crazy, it just might work, you know?
How I, because, you know, they say you can't beat city hall.
Ah, well, the same person certainly can't,
because it's only the crazy people, folks,
who are nutty enough to actually stand up and try to beat city hall.
And you never know,
sometimes it actually happens,
it seems too good to be true, though,
and that's why some people don't believe in Bob.
They think, oh, well, I understand, I get the joke.
I'm not a sub-subgenius.
I get that, I understand,
you guys are just making fun of those religious nuts, you know?
You're just pretending to be religious nuts.
No!
We are not pretending to be religious nuts, my friend.
You have not seen a religious fanatic lose his mind.
And lose all perspective until you've seen a sub-genius in slack.
A sub-genius in slack does not think logically.
He does not think about, well, does it make sense?
Bob said in 1998 the aliens were going to kill the normals and save the,
and it didn't happen in 1998.
That doesn't make any sense.
Well, fine, how far would Jesus have gotten
if the Christians worried about making sense?
How much, you know, how well would,
how much did yesterday's newspaper sell
if those newspaper editors worried about the news making sense?
My God, that's what this is.
People look at the church as sub-genius.
They go, well, that's a sub-genius.
That just means people just below a genius.
I don't know if that means they're stuck up or self-effacing or what.
Friends, it doesn't have anything to do with intelligence.
It has to do with sense, common sense,
sense of humor and the all-important dollars and cents.
Oh, yes.
The harvest.
And friends, Bob did not become the high epop
to the church of sub-genius because he's some smart guy.
I mean, look at him.
He's not smart.
He's got what it counts.
Luck, not brains.
How far did brains ever get you on a hot date?
Nowhere.
Even looks don't matter that much nowadays.
It's luck, luck being in the right place at the right time.
As Bob said, I'd rather be lucky than good any day.
And as a result, Bob has a power.
The power that other, that popes don't have.
The power to fail.
And yet, every time he fucks up, he makes a million bucks.
That's because he walks the path, the true path,
the path of least resistance, my friends.
He surfs that path of least resistance.
And now, Bob has the superpower of luck,
but he does not have the great godlike power
that some better connected deities have.
He cannot forgive your sins.
Because he doesn't give a shit
about your piddly little pathetic sins.
He doesn't think you get anything worth going to him,
going to the trouble of having to forgive him.
He won't forgive your sins because he came here
to excuse your sins.
He brought not forgiveness, but an excuse.
You don't use Bob as a crutch.
You let Bob use you.
You, as a crutch.
You do not ask Bob,
Hey Bob, what do you smoke in your pipe?
You throw yourself in that pipe.
You let Bob smoke you.
You let Bob light you up, suck you through that pipe,
into his lungs, and you become part of Bob's brain.
You're in Bob's brain.
You're one of those thoughts that might be the thought
that made him get a little wood that minute.
Or it might be the thought that made him want to leave town.
Ugh.
Anyway, friends, that's the good news.
Then there's the conspiracy.
Tomorrow is Hitler's birthday, isn't it?
Speaking of World War II.
Oh my God.
At 420, dude.
Oh man, 420.
You know what that means?
420, 420.
We're in 420 right now.
Jesus, I'm getting out of this skyscraper, man.
Wait, tomorrow's Hitler's birthday?
Yeah, at 420.
Damn, I'd like to get him a card.
Wake Branch Davidian's death day.
I don't think my Nazi uniform fits.
It fits me anymore.
I was a lot more trim back in my Bundeswehr days.
Well, see, you know, I'll be seeing our friend Father Joe Mama
on Hitler's birthday.
Really?
About Saturday night at the Indianapolis debacle.
Papa Joe's coming up to Indianapolis, huh?
Yeah.
The Divide. Wow.
Yes.
What could be more fun than strapping Papa Joe Mama
in one of his Nazi suits down and taking out one of those
testicle crushers and just crushing them in front of everybody?
That's not a Nazi suit, and those aren't testicles, Dave.
Oh, okay, okay.
I get them confused.
It's a satirical commentary on fascism.
Okay, but do you...
And a damn fine-looking subgenius torture commandant outfit.
Yeah, but you should not grow pubic hairs on a commandant's outfit.
Those aren't swastikas.
They're three-legged pipe stickers.
Oh, I thought they were, okay.
I confused them for pubic hairs once again.
Yeah, people are so ignorant.
They see Nazis everywhere.
That's a Russian uniform that the other folks have.
They wear it often.
Why would people see Nazis anywhere?
Are they having some kind of mass psychosis or something?
What makes them...
What would make them hallucinate Nazis everywhere?
I mean, Nazis, what?
Well, that's what I grew up...
When I was growing up in the 30s and 40s,
that was what I was taught to fear and hate were Germans and Japanese.
Now, of course, I'm shining your shoes.
It's weird how that's happened.

You see, now that you are tired of being part of these cigarette butts
and these electrodes are not doing too much for you,
but you will tell us about some more keys,
and you will tell us very soon.
Oh, oh, oh, what's a marquee?
Oh, oh, I'm sorry.
No, you're not.
You're not in the slightest sorry, Dave.
I'm in the schley bell time.
You say that all the time.
That's a codependency thing.
I'm still in Christmas, man.
I'm never leaving.
That's it.
I'm in Christmas.
You vomit on Christmas.
Yeah, but sure.
It's one of the few times of the year I get to vomit freely
and be complimented in the colors and also my shades.
Oh, art.
I hate modern art.
So do I, but, you know, the lizard people demand it.
Yeah, yeah.
Nazis and lizard people everywhere.
Ah, yes.
From south of the border, the Nazis and the lizard people.
Our brave boys are in Texas ready to attack Mexico City.
And to annoy the serpent enemies, the evil empire of the Canadian creatures.
And hello us.
Look at them.
They have no knowledge of the past, no ambition for the future.
So lucky.
Why would you say something like that?
Can you even imagine what it's like to remember everything?
But it was worth it to have thousands of people all over America believe,
because they heard Papa Joe Long say it on NPR,
that the Church of the Subgenius,
had indeed been behind the Columbine.
One lie, friends, can be worth a million bucks.
As Bob said, there's no such thing as no PR.
And friends, I love just how evil and sick and incorrect politically is that man,
Father Joe Babbage!
Away!
Away!
Away!
The sermon for the John Luther now commenced.
Yes, dear friends, it is true.
The truth hurts.
And our good friends, I think it's fair to say,
if there's a single ally in the world that we love more than any other,
it's probably got to be Al-Qaeda.
And they have a say in that.
So get over there, friends, and it goes like this.
He who tells the truth should keep one foot in the stirrup.
Now, whether he's talking about gynecology, I don't know.
On to the sermon.
The sermon tonight is entitled,
Reparations.
Because there has been a recent movement afoot,
to sue various companies, if not the government itself,
for slavery in the 1800s and before.
Lawyers figure if they could work around the statute of limitations
and collect four billion for the internment of World War II Japanese,
and then sidestep the century-old Swiss banking laws
to squeeze out another four billion for Jews who lost their account numbers,
then some schmuck, some schmuck should be able to extract a few billion more,
from the powers that be,
for the kidnapping, rape, and enslavement of various African ancestors.
So tonight, we're going to examine this controversial topic,
and consider the true ramifications in regard to this man, Bob.
Of course, any subgenius worth their salt can tell you that slavery,
the ramifications for slavery,
are,
to put it charitably,
a joke.
It's nothing more than a smokescreen
to camouflage the conspiracies,
ongoing enslavement of the masses today.
Do I hear praise Bob?
Praise Bob!
Attention all humans,
attention all humans,
stand by for an important revelation.
People,
do not go to work on a volunteer basis.
They are compelled to go,
and show up hat in hand,
begging to serve their conspiracy masters,
or else they starve in the streets.
Oh sure,
you can call it employment,
and come up with all sorts of fancy, soundy names like,
free enterprise, and capitalism if you want.
But make no mistake about it,
it's still slavery, plain and simple.
Only now, my friends,
they've repackaged it,
and put it in a new container.
Now it's wage slavery.
Yes, because the conspiracy eventually realized
a very important little point.
They realized that it's always cheaper to rent,
than it is to own.
And we all know how they love to cut costs.
Do I hear praise Bob?
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob indeed!
The old time slaves, my friends,
they were never paid for their work.
Oh, that difference is true.
But they were also given,
the bare necessities of life so that they could survive.
Food, clothing, shelter.
Wage slaves, however,
they're given little pieces of bread,
and paper,
which they're told are quite valuable,
but which the conspiracy in fact,
mass produces like toilet paper.
Then, those same workers are expected to turn around
and fork over much of that same little pieces of paper,
so that they can buy the same necessities
that they used to be given for free.
Oh.
Plus, they're also expected to give another 20 or 30% for taxes.
For what?
To the conspiracy in order to control their lives!
Yeah!
And if anyone refuses to pay the conspiracy's tax,
what happens?
It's off to the big house!
The house of pain!
Free enterprise indeed!
But now,
now there's always a certain percentage,
and we all know them too well, don't they?
They're made to be celebrities.
We're supposed to respect these certain workers
that work for the slave masses so much,
that they earn extra pieces of paper.
They're allowed to retire and stop working
to serve as motivational examples for the rest of society!
If we work really, really hard,
then we also, we also might be able to retire.
And, we're told, if we follow the rules,
be just like them.
Better yet,
if we really make it,
oh, and this part's great, friends,
if we really make it,
we'll be able to rent our own slaves!
That's right!
Then we'll be just like Pinky!
We'll be able to afford our own servants!
Incredible, but so, so true.
Yet, you see, friends,
the sad fact is
that money doesn't really matter.
Possessions doesn't really matter.
The only thing in life that really matters
is life itself.
We're all given only so much of it,
and the moment it's gone,
we die.
And no more free minutes.
The conspiracy,
the conspiracy knows us
and can't stand the realization
that they were given the same amount of time
as the rest of us.
So what did they do?
They immediately set out and devised new ways
in order to capture, take away,
and control all the free time of others!
Yes, my dear friends,
that is how slavery began.
And they started to use it
so that they could get more goods and services
at the expense of others,
the so-called servant class.
Oh, a little problem occurred, though.
Over time, they started to realize
that slavery was more expensive
than it might otherwise be,
so they devised this new
rent-a-slave concept.
And it also had an added benefit.
There were no more escapees.
Remember that?
A few people might run away.
This way, with rent-a-slaves,
if they disappear,
another one quickly shows up
to take their place.
In fact, they'll even compete
for their privilege!
Incredible!
And yet that's the beauty of their system.
It's a much more easier
and efficient way to do it, isn't it?
And best of all,
the slaves don't even realize
they are being controlled.
Oh, how that must have seemed
like the days of Camelot to the Khan,
the golden age of domination and power!
But then something terrible happened,
my friends.
A leader appeared
who demanded in a thundering voice
to let my people go!
His name wasn't Moses,
although he spoke with the authority
of Jehovah One.
His name wasn't Harriet Tubman,
although he ran an underground railroad
to freedom.
No, sir, his name was, is, and shall ever be
J.R. Bob Dobbs!
And he won't rest until the very last
of genius is free.
Will you give me a praise, Bob?
Praise Bob!
Now, if the African Americans,
wish to legitimize slavery
by accepting a monetary payment
for the past,
that's their business.
Then the Khan will print up
more pieces of paper,
hand it over, and brag,
well, then, now that closes
the books on slavery,
we said we were sorry
and promised never to do it again.
Weak, weak.
So, uh, stop complaining
and get on back to work.
Now, if that's not bad enough,
my friends,
there are some pink conspiracy hoaxes
who have even gone so far as to say
that the blacks should be thankful for slavery.
They joke amongst themselves
that the lucky ones were captured,
domesticated,
and transported to a civilized nation
that offers plenty of social prog-
programs like five years,
five and higher long years of welfare.
Oh, aren't they so fortunate.
And if they were back in Africa,
they sneer,
the Negro might be starving
or swatting flies,
or waiting to contract an egg,
or a pig's eggs.
Oh, but now he just follows the rules,
kiss plenty of pink little butt,
and doesn't cause any trouble.
He'll get a warm place to sleep
and a loose pair of shoes.
The arrogance.
The outrage.
Oh, how the conspiracy
can even dare to think such things.
That should be all the proof that we need
that you cannot compromise with the con.
No, sir, these aren't rational,
these aren't rational beings.
They're monsters,
and they only understand one thing,
one thing,
and that's brute force.
Bob Dobbs knows this better than anyone else.
Yes, my friends,
and he's going to make sure
that he doesn't settle for such a cheap cop-out.
No, sir,
the subgenius race will not accept
a settlement for the past
or the present.
We refuse.
A presidential apology.
And we will not accept
the pink,
oh, we're so sorry, pink guilt platitudes.
We can't toss out words,
and they won't be permitted to just say,
oh, we're sorry, and throw money our way,
and then claim to be paid in full.
No, sir.
We demand payment
in a more precious commodity,
one that they could relate to, perhaps.
For every lifetime,
we expect one to be forfeited,
plus interest.
Now, I'm not saying whether that means
the conspiracy slave masters and their overseers
must be euthanized,
or made slaves themselves our next day.
That is, after all,
a question that evangelicals and Holocausters
are still trying to sort out.
But I will say this,
all subgeniuses agree on this one premise,
and that is this.
We will never,
ever forgive and forget.
Do I hear a praise, Bob?
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob, indeed.
The conspiracy is not the only one
who can hire certain bill collectors.
Bob Dobbs is bringing the entire fleet
of them here to Earth on X-Day,
and on that fateful day, my friends,
at 7 a.m.,
he's going to unleash the entire force
on the conspiracy.
Ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho.
Yes, the Pink's will then know
the true meaning of Bob's pipe
as they struggle and scramble to pay the piper.
We, on the other hand,
will finally have our chance
to truthfully look towards the heavens
and sing in unison,
Free at last! Free at last!
Praise Bob, almighty Lord! Free at last!
Hear this word of Bob!
Praise Bob, indeed!
Praise Bob!
Thank you, Bob!
Thank you, Bob!
Yes, I am a Bobby.
I don't care if it's true.
Yes, I am a Bobby.
There's nothing you can do.
I don't care if you like me.
It means nothing to me.
Bobbies are here to stay
and someday you will see.
I've set my 30 bucks.
I've got my minister's card.
I'm a dupe-paid member
and it wasn't all that hard.
I'll set my own ministry
and it will be the first.
Bobbies are not so bad.
We really are not cursed.
Subgenius.
Subgenius.
Subgenius.
Subgenius.
Subgenius.
So now you know my story.
There's nothing I left out.
I try to tell the truth
of what it's all about.
Yes, I am a Bobby.
I'm proud to say it's so.
Yes, I am a Bobby
and a Slack-billed dynamo.
I am a true Yeti.
And yes, it makes me proud.
I am a subgenius
and I'll say it out loud.
I don't care much for pink
and the things that they say.
The Church of the Subgenius
will soon have its day.
Did you really think
we would give you two acts
and walk away with your ten dollars?
Yes!
No!
No, my friends!
The answer is no!
We have much, much more!
While any church
would go for the easy buck,
we are entrepreneurs.
And we are nothing
if not a value church.
While other churches
preach family values
and Christian values,
we give you one dollar's
worth of entertainment for one dollar.
One dollar's worth
of religion for one dollar.
And triple your money
back if you're not eternal!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!

Praise Bob!
Coming up,
to whet your appetite,
DJ Selyau,
K.K.A. Stylio,
will be spinning
the wax fantastic
in a barrage of collage
and thumbing his nose
at such convention
as copyright laws
and good taste.
Now, I've only listened
to about 40 seconds
of his material,
and my ears bled,
my bowels voided,
and I could taste colors!
Now, if that isn't
product endorsement,
I don't know what is.
Selling aå
on campaigns
on the telephone. First I'm gonna
catch her when she's home alone.
And then I'm gonna call her on the telephone.
Who you gonna call?
First I'm gonna catch her when she's home alone.
And then I'm gonna call her on the telephone.
I just called
to say
Boo!
I'm gonna scare you.
Boo! Nanny poo.
Babbity boo.
Beepity bobbity boo.
Babbity boo.
Beepity bobbity boo.
Cause you're a bugaboo.
A bugaboo.
Cause you're a bugaboo.
A bugaboo.
A bugaboo.
A bugaboo.
First I'm gonna take a couple balls of slime
and sneak them in her shoes and wash her wine.
Ew!
Slime, she'll say.
Peek-a-boo.
Peek-a-boo.
Peek-a-boo.
Ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha ha.
Peek-a-boo.
Peek-a-boo.
Peek-a-boo.
Peek-a-boo.
Peek-a-boo.
Things that make you go
Boo!
Say this, are they booing me?
No, they're saying boo-erns.
Boo-erns.
Then I'm gonna take a couple pieces of cheese
and clip them to her shirt and the socks on her knees.
Ew!
Slime, she'll say.
Bray.
Then I'm gonna open up a cage door.
I'm gonna break my rustic cage.
And all the mice out there'll pour.
Three guy mice.
Three guy mice.
Me and you and the dog thing.
Boo-hoo, hoo-hoo.
Boo-hoo, hoo-hoo.
Boo-hoo, hoo-hoo.
Oh-ho.
Oh-ho.
And then she's gonna run around and...
Sir!
Spear-cockles.
Yelling.
Bear!
Healthy! Healthy! ILIEN!
Healthy! Healthy!
And beefberry Susie!
amo
Beep boop
...
And off it goes,
yo this good rock boop


y

y
boy


But like a romco ad, there's much, much more.
Yes, indeed.
We have live mummification tonight.
Live mummification tonight.
They're being mummified.
You don't see that every day.
Today, Crimson, Maine will delight your senses
with a performance that is both titillating and educating.
Serving the Indianapolis area since 1997,
Crimson, Maine has been pierced, lashed, bloodied, suspended,
gagged, bound, and burned more times than I can count.
All right!
Winston Churchill once said,
Winston Churchill once said,
I have nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears, and sweat.
You'll have your blood soon enough.
You have your sweat right now, as you can plainly see.
And we will toil for you.
Oh, how we will toil for you.
Not just we humble preachers here on stage,
but our bartenders over there, our cleaning staff wherever.
Oh, we will toil.
We will toil.



Such toil I cannot imagine.
As for tears, we shall see here at the 2002 Indie Vival.
And now, DJ Sully out and Crimson, Maine!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!

Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!


Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!




Please help us.
We're stuck.
Don't worry, just relax.
I'll get you out of this gunk.
Come on.
You can have him.
Thanks.
OK.
Let's make a break for it.
We're almost there.
Oh, no!
Ahhh!
Ah!


Thank you, Commander. But hold the party, Vince. Because we haven't seen the last of the Clever.
They are full of...
Slack!
Oh, yeah, yeah. Oh, oh, Slack.
Yeah, that's why we're all here, ladies and gentlemen.
We're here for Slack. We're here for Bob.
Let's hear it for Bob!
Praise Bob!
I love you, trained monkeys. You're great. You're wonderful. I love you guys.
All right.
You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, Jacob.
Nannies are breaking.
All the coffees are cooking and there's bread and bacon.
Roll out, cowboy.
I thought somebody was actually in the room screaming at me.
While she's hot, they're all throwing her out and spitting the skillet.
Let it go, Jacob.
If I can't whoop it, I'll go...
Damn!
Me and Gaggy Gag and the rest of the boys were sitting around the campfire one time
and Cookie noticed that the third guy from the left was an oversized mutant pig
and his sunglasses had melted all over that juicy old pork fat belly.
Well, we decided to make some...
I was born full-grown with nine rows of jaw teeth and a whole board for more.
They were spurs on my feet and a rawhide quirt in my hand.
And when they opens the chute, I come out a-riding a panther and a-roping longhorn whales.
I've rolled everything with hair on it.
And I've rolled a few things that was too tough to grow any hair.
I've rolled bull moose on the prod, she-grizzlies, and long bolts of lightning.
Mountain lions are my playmates.
And when I feel cold and lonesome, I sleep some of the dinner rattlesnakes
because they always makes me nice and warm.
To keep alive, I eat stick dynamite and cactus.
The Grand Canyon ain't nothing but my bean hole.
When I get thirsty, I drink cyanide cut with alkali.
When I go to sleep, I pillow my head on the Bighorn Mountains.
I lay in boots in Colorado.
And my hat in Montana.
I can stretch out my arms, clean out from the crazy woman fork,
plumb over to the upper Gray Bull River.
My bed tarp covers half of Texas and all of old Mexico.
But there's one thing for sure and certain.
And if you boys wants to know, I'll tell you that I'm still a long way short of being the daddy of them all.
Because he's full-grown.
And as any man that really knows can see,

well, boys, I ain't nothing but a daddy of them all.
Oh, suckle my triceratops.
He could have stopped with, I could train tumors with my one good eye,
and I'd pee to Colorado River.
But instead, he had to go on for six hours.
Hey, that's the way you do it.
That's a bragging song, huh?
I mean, a bragging pole?
Man.
This is the story of Good King Stang.
I'm not going to go on with that one.
Why not?
You'd be some big bragging.
We ain't past midnight.
Oh, yeah.
We're not past midnight.
We ain't past midnight in some parts of the world yet.
But first, friends, I shall tell you the story of Good King Stang,
whose queen was renowned as the finest poontang.
All across the land, 10,000 miles around,
none matched the beauty of the babe with the crown.
Now, among those who admire,
the bounteous Princess Wee was one lowlife bastard they called Chris Lee.
Chris Lee thought to diddle the fang that he knew good and well belonged to King Stang.
Now, we've seen fuckheads, assholes, shitheads, and turds, geeks, glorks, ninnies, and nerds.
But the sorriest morphidite you ever did see was that chive-ass beaker.
This guy hated being sexed and the perfect street boy he had before見て-l Saucey®,
you make aaalso.
Just look at his mouth should be clean
from long hair and looks too drunk for some point in me life.




a man of gold in theologie.
This nobody calidad Wee.
since he'd asked his face to take all he's but the word,
never even, qardicased.
put a man like I currently bring and understand,
and now, I am just as angry.
Well, if you make her look like Walmart,
she'll say to you what she'd have had to tell her dad,
under a pair of glasses,

I've gone a dance harder.
First he'd have Lee tied to a cigarro cactus steak.
Then in a giant microwave oven, Chris Lee's ass he would bake.
In Lee's rump, Stan would roast a corn on the cob.
He'd serve some to me, but he'd butter some for Bob.
But even at the trial, Chris Lee showed such sass
that he vulgarly winked at me as if to make a coarse pass.
Seeing this made Stan so furiously mad, it almost blew out the one royal knack.
And the kingdom heard Stan yell,
That Chris Lee will pay or shut up like hell.
His lily-white ass I will churn like butter
until, at polite apology, I do hear him utter.
So untie his feet and untie his hand,
because I'm going to whip that motherfucker man to man.
Friends, they fought like devils and not like men.
They gouged and they bit and they kicked.
But then something dreadful happened before the battle was done
that left all the kingdom and even King Stan stunned.
For while they fought each other,
into the war,
the setting sun,
that fine princess we,
off with Dr. Philo Drummond,
had run!
Friends, I should give a little tip of the hat.
It's great. Rudy Raymore,
Dolomite, who inspired that.
Dolomite!
I hate you.
I love you.
I want non-digital cameras.
I want a lot of money, so I can have a digital camera and a scanner and everything.
I have so many ideas and not enough cash!
I think every simulist has said that.
I'd do something like that.
Ah, yes, friends, the Indie Vival on April 20th, 4-20-2002.
At the very beginning of this show, we heard some KPFA puzzling, evident, strange mix,
and of course some ESO swamp radio with Lonesome Cowboy Dave and Professor Chaz Smith in it.
But mostly we heard Pope Fred, Papa Joe Mama, St. Ann and Helena Handbasket,
and St. Dalio or Stalio or DJ Selly Out.
And here are some contact addresses or URLs, actually, on the Internet for Stalio.
Check out badtaste.gabber.org.
That's badtaste, one word.
G-A-B-B-E-R.org for his Tuesday night radio show or his website is geocities.com.
That's geocities.com slash Soho slash 9024.
Queejibo put that whole Indie Vival together and they do the greatest subgenius magazine
printed.
It's a great magazine, which you can get by mail and you can get information about that
from Queejibo, which is spelled, and this is part of a website address, Queejibo, Q-U-I-J-I-B-O.
Q-U-I-J-I-B-O, Queejibo.walkingdead.net.
Walkingdead.net.
And for a postal address.
Write to Queejibo at, got that pencil ready?
18 West Main Street, Apartment X.
I've been to that apartment on 18 West Main Street in Greenfield, Indiana.
Greenfield, I-N-4-6-1-4-0.
And St. Ann and Helena Handbasket can be CD-able at www.
www.minitrue.org.
And Minitrue is spelled M-I-N-I-T-R-U, no E.
Minitrue.org.
And this in the background is the great Frank Marino.
Friends, you can reach the Church of the Subgenius at www.subgenius.com or write to Bob for free
information from Post Office Box 20420.
204206, Austin, Texas 78720.
Once again, that's P.O. Box 204206, Austin, Texas 78720.
If you want to email me, that's stang at subgenius.com.
Praise Bob.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.

Oh.
Oh.























Oh.

Oh.
Oh.


