Okay, give me a little bit more slack.
Oops!
Okay, that's too much slack!
Ha ha ha!
J.R. Bob-Dub's
I am your man
Who calls your name
And through this world
I'm bound to ramble
To spread your word
And slackful fame
To spread your word
And slackful fame
I am a subgenius
Of yeti stock
And ancient blood
I seek for slack
Where I can find it
Through storm and calm
And fire and flood
He seeks for slack
Through storm and fire and flood
You must hear his story
And let his words and work be known
Don't let the conspiracy
Prevent you from finding slack
That's all your own
Go find the slack
That's all your own
Go find the slack
That's all your own

That's all your own
That's all your own
That was, of course, the great Dr. Hal
With Princess Wee accompanying
It was recorded at WCSB Cleveland
Shortly after 20X Day
Actually, that was on Dr. Sinister's
Radio Synesthesia show
You might end up hearing it again
In a couple of weeks
We're traveling through time
In the way we are assembling shows currently
A lot of people recorded
A lot of show at Tarzan
radio station during the week-long X-Day drill in early July, but a week later I delivered two
serious rants at Starwood Festival, and those are not only timely, but they're designed to follow
one another. The first one was recorded on Midnight in the Puffer Dome, a really weird audio space
with crazy projections on the dome's sphere by Waking Dream, and music by Mayan Ruins of Cincinnati,
and it's only about half an hour long. We'll be hearing that in the last part of this episode,
which is number 1,633, by the way. The second Starwood rant from the main stage was a whole
hour, and it'll probably be the whole next hour of slack, but for now, however, before the rude,
rude, rude, rude, rude, rude, rude, rude, rude, rude, rude, rude, rude, rude, rude, rude, rude,
rude, rude, rude, rude, rude, rude, rude, rude, rude, rude, rude, rude, rude, rude, rude, rude, rude,
let's finish the rather more sedate conversation that Dr. Howell and Reverend Mother Miller were
having that week from Tarzan's radio station in the Caffeinist Cafe at Wisteria Event Center in
deep southern Ohio. Now, what's this about an ant's brain? Well, the ant, as you know, has, like all
arthropods, a ventral nervous system which is involved into grouped ganglia, and the largest
and most complex ganglion is in the ant's little head, and this we call the brain. But the critter
is very small, and nervous impulses can flash back and forward at an incredible rate, unlike
your brontosaurus, where it takes half a minute to get from the head to the tail. So,
the ant's brain does not need to carry in its superfluous structures necessary for the higher
mammals with their complex limbic system, or even the humans with the over brain, which has
retrofitted over the limbic system. And the inter-folding complexity of the ant's brain
has been recently remarked on, but perhaps it is necessary to be done.
We will always listen to a question by the
CMSC Dr. C. Wolff from the Nations lunar museum.
Dr. Worrarck I wonder, what I got to say about the ant's brain.
The ant is not stealthy and happens to be a 접bi across the entire body at an average

Dr. == That's on average 10 times the counterfeits value in life.
Dr. That Epicurus X Xiaomi.
at all, like the human brain. It was just crazy.
And I wondered how much of that has to do with
is there a collective insect
consciousness, the hive mentality?
What the crazy?
You know, I think by sharing
you get to
experience what the whole
experiences.
If you're part of a hive,
myrmidons,
remember the insectile
warriors that the ancient
Greeks spoke of,
semi-human,
the myrmidons are so
named because they were part human and part
ant, from myrmics
or ant. Yes, these
were fearsome warriors back in the
day. Where you also had the
cynocephali, you may have heard of them
who had dog-like heads
and stooped over bodies, but were
mighty warriors. And then there
were the aromaspians
who do wear
their heads below their shoulders.
That is to say, they had
no heads, but a sort of
cephalothorax, like a spider.
In their chest was their face,
their mouth, their
nose directly connected
with the lungs and so forth.
And then these big, bulked shoulders.
Up above that, they had a
civilization that lasted a long
time. In Paradise Lost,
John Milton describes
how the aromaspian
goes hunting for the jewels
hoarded by the griffon.
You know, that composite creature.
Falco Leonis,
Serpentus, has the
head of a falcon. You know, the griffon
and the forelegs of the
griffon are the hind legs of a bird
of prey. The body is the lion
of Africa. The tail is
serpentine. Aren't there griffons
mounted on the Hotel
Zilos in San Francisco? It has vast
wings by which it soars
aloft. No, those weren't really
griffons. They were some kind of
wyvern, I believe.
A wyvern is a small
bipedal
dragon with bat wings.
Which those were. Or sometimes a
quadrupedal dragon.
Mostly,
the Welsh wyvern
is definitely bipedal.
So it's pronounced wyvern.
W-Y-V-E-R-N. I've never heard
anyone pronounce it, and so this is my idea
of how it is pronounced.
Wyvern? Well, that's
picturesque. Probably true. I don't know.
Stangor fights
wyverns. Oh, he does, does he?
In Monster Hunter, yeah.
They're supposed to be tough creatures.
Not for Stangor. Not anymore.
Even the small ones
were feared by
travelers.
Well,
there's
some that are still a challenge.
I'll admit that. I read
the most amazing account
recently. I
ordered from Indiana University Press
a book on werewolves, a subject
which I've been more
interested in recently.
Don't call you Doctor.
How for nothing.
Well, the modern view,
which you kind of have to get past, is, oh, they just
have a problem. We don't understand
them. We've oppressed them, and
so forth. They eat human flesh.
They do do that, and they have
a, you know, they have a other...
It's a pathology. It's bad.
It's classically the worst
of the wolf and the worst of the human together.
Now, in their defense,
it can be said that
they have indeed been horribly
persecuted and burned and tortured
and torn apart in public and so
on because
they wanted to discourage that sort
of thing. Or they wanted to show they
were righteous since the
lycanthrope obviously has to be a
manifestation of Satan.
They always show the
transformation occurring in just a couple
of minutes, and, well, that's Hollywood.
But, of course, that transformation takes
a huge amount of energy,
and what your classic wolfman
does is startle






metamorphosing as the moon
waxes, and then at its
peak, you have the full transformation,
and then it wanes as the moon
wanes, and that still in itself
is a remarkable cellular
transformation involving
a great modification of the body.
Sounds painful. It is
painful, and it adds
to the anger and ire of
the werewolf. That's why they're so cranky
because they hurt all the time. They're just
old curmudgeons.
You know, now I'm in a tip,
because
when you're in constant pain
and irritation, yes, you tend to lash
out, and if nature has
conveniently provided you with claws,
fangs, carnassial teeth,
and superhuman strength,
the ability to jump and
roar and rip and so forth,
but don't get me started. Anyway,
so I wanted to write
this new book from Indiana University
Press, which looked like the
most promising werewolf
book yet, so I
wrote down the number, which is how
you make those orders. You're not allowed to write
down the title. When the book finally
came, it was the wrong book.
I know I wrote down the
number correctly, but that's the problem with
the system. So
this book that I received instead was
the memoirs of an
Arabic traveler named
his, he has a long Islamic
name, 10 or 15 words
long, but scholars know him
as Ibn Battuta.
He started off on his
travels just at about the same
time as the aged Marco Polo
was dying in Italy,
and he went everywhere. He was
an Islamic teacher. He
taught at a madrasa. He visited
all the islands, some of the same ones
that Sinbad visited.
He went to China. He went to India.
He did go to Ceylon.
He was
favored at court
by a hideous sultan who was
really nice to you, except when he
wasn't, and then he tortured you,
in ungodly ways, and let you
and your remains be shown in
public. And to Ibn Battuta,
this sultan entrusted a very
important mission, and ships
filled with gold and tribute and so on,
which was all immediately
stolen when Hindu pirates
attacked, and Ibn
thought it was the better part of
valor not to return to that particular
sultan's court.
But there were two things that
really rocked me in this
book. One of them is,
he saw the Indian rope trick
performed. Oh, you described this on your
show before. It was pretty gruesome.
Well, that is the classic Indian rope trick.
But, so much for all
these modern scholars and people
who don't know anything, who say,
oh, this whole thing about the Indian rope trick,
British colonialism,
crap, you know, they never did that.
You make your oppressed victim exotic,
you know, trash,
not worth investigating.
It was classically described.
It was seen in the marketplace.
And the Islamic
Middle Ages by Ibn Battuta.
Have you ever heard of the
Indian rope trick, Stang?
Oh, sure. I've seen it
in cartoons many times. Yeah, they show it in
cartoons. The
fakir causes the rope
to rise, but the top
of the rope disappears. It's sometimes
represented as going into a little cloud.
You can't see the top of the
rope. So then the apprentice
climbs the rope and
disappears into the cloud.
And then, this is all what
Battuta saw, the master climbs
the rope and disappears into the
cloud. Then pieces
of the apprentice start falling
down. Arms, legs, head
chopped up,
falling back down. Then the master
climbs down the rope. He bends
over, he picks the pieces
up, he puts them back together, and
the apprentice is all
well again. End of trick.
And at the same time,
Battuta watched this incredulously,
an Arab friend of his was
standing next to him saying,
it's all a fake. This is faked.
This is trickery. Don't believe in it.
It's fake.
So that was one amazing
incident from Battuta's
travels. The other one
is perhaps even more interesting
to some of us, which is that once
during one of the many voyages,
they saw a dark mass
on the horizon towering
up, and they thought perhaps it was land.
But then, to their horror,
they saw this dark mass rise
up into the sky,
and the captain said, we're lost.
It is the Ruh, that giant
bird, you know, it's coming this way
and we'll be destroyed.
But by the grace of Allah,
it didn't, it veered
off. It didn't come that way. Nonetheless,
they saw sky and
water under it
as it rose and as it took off.
And they felt the wind
of its passage
even though they were far away.
Well, that's another
incident that made me happy.
I had to slog through all the rest of it about
what they ate, what the sultan
did, why the sultan's wives were
immoral. Actually, that part
wasn't too bad.
But, anyway,
it wasn't about werewolves, but
it was interesting.
That giant bird couldn't beat Popeye.
I saw Popeye. Yeah, Popeye
turned it into a giant
roasted turkey.
So, wait, wait, you're talking about this giant rock.
Is it like that bird from The Claw?
The giant...
The Giant Claw.
Ugliest of all the monsters.
You know, Sam Katzman,
that producer at Columbia, tried to
design the octopus
in Ray Harryhausen's It Came From Beneath
the Sea, and Harryhausen
didn't understand why he was saying,
you're doing it wrong. He figured
out that what Katzman thought was that the
octopus was like in Popeye cartoons
with the sack at the top and the tentacles
down at the bottom instead of...
the sack essentially behind.
So, Harryhausen got his way, but in
The Giant Claw, Sam Katzman
got his way, who personally
designed the monster and had
cheap craftsmen
construct it in Mexico.
And all the people who had starred in the
movie had not seen the monster,
but they'd been in other better movies
with better monsters, and they assumed that
their reactions to it
would make sense.
When Jeff Morrow, who was the star,
went into a theater and saw it, he said,
wanted to sink down into his seat
in mortification and shame
because it is such a goofy
monster. It's the goofiest,
silliest-looking
giant turkey-saurus
thing with the
snaggly teeth, a Jimmy Durante
nose, tufts of hair,
big googly eyes. You can only
laugh at it, despite the fact that
it's an antimatter invader from
outer space, you know,
flying around the world and destroying it,
which is a fine plot, but...
But then why does it have to look like that?
Producers.
Leaving their P mark.
That's what it is. They don't give us
producers enough credit. I'm gonna make
sure this monster looks really scary
this time.
Irwin Allen. People like that.
I wrote a letter to famous monsters
complaining about Irwin Allen
and Forry defended him
because ever since
they printed an article
by Joe Dante criticizing certain
AIP productions and were
then they outraged
AIP.
From then on, famous monsters
could only praise monster
movies no matter how bad they were.
And that always astonished me,
you know. Here they're giving this
big loving treatment to
Night of the Blood Beast.
Or something like that with stills,
columns of print,
and not anywhere there
does it say this is one of the most boring,
stupid movies you'll ever see.
A complete waste of time. You'll be discouraged.
It was fake news.
But no.
But I liked it.
Better to enthuse about everything
than to curse
about most things except
one's favorites, which is what
C.C. Beck did in his rival
monster magazine, Castle of Frankenstein.
The intellectual's
monster magazine. Boy,
I loved that one. I would haunt every
Circle K and 7-Eleven because
very occasionally
one would pop out, but they were so
rare you had to find them on
the stands and amid the
biker magazines and
other things, but there you go.
They
certainly had a lot of attitude
and when hippiedom
happened, they enthusiastically
were acid heads and now their
magazine was psychedelic and
cool and had monsters and
Timothy Leary and
...
...
...
in a room full of
monotonic

and
he of the
This recorder shows it's been on for two hours and 16 minutes.
I'm going to give it a break.
Obviously time to bring these babbling, senile reminiscences to an end.
But remember, we were here to fill in when duty unfortunately took you away.
There must be something.
Oh, that wasn't unfortunate.
I left here with this.
When I left with Dr. Leguien, this was full of cash.
Now it's full of guns and ammo.
Okay, yeah.
It's heavy. It's very heavy.
More than kind pills, Bob.
More than kind pills, Bob.
As they said, every day is X day if you have a gun.
And more than kind pills, Bob.
Okay, friends, thank you, Reverend Mother Miller and Dr. Howell.
Now the Puffer Dome rant.
And we'll end with a song by the Rainmakers.
37 years of carefree life.
Is this still true?
Yes.
I hear it now.
I hear it now.
What is it?
Oh, no.
I hear it now.
That noise signifies a change of mood.
I hear it now.

I hate to break up the nice solemn solemnity there.
But I'm here to be funny.
Now, on the other hand, these are not funny times anymore.
I was hoping they would be funny.
They are funnier.
But I'm not going to bum you all out tonight.
I'm going to do that on Saturday afternoon.
When I will preach an actual, somewhat more thought-out sermon
that is, I hope, going to really, really humiliate and insult some minority of people.
I'm pretty sure the majority of people will say,
at Starwood will be going, yeah, right on, finally, somebody's saying it.
And there's going to be some people going, he's making me feel like a snowflake.
Oh, I can't wait.
Now, actually, things can still be funny these days.
And not even from the White House.
In fact, my script was written when I turned on, when I looked at a news website this morning.
There were two things in there that were, one was so dumb, I just had to jump up and go, praise Bob!
And the other one was so cool that I had to jump up and go, praise Bob!
In fact, let's all do that.
Praise Bob!

Praise Bob!
Yeah!
You know, it's amazing to me, some of these graphics that are being projected by Waking Dream
started off as, well, I have to admit it, LSD scribbles in the early 1980s.
Then they were turned into more careful scribbles and then translated into clip art and then redrawn by,
really good artists.
And now, thanks to thousands of dollars worth of equipment, they look like LSD scribbles again!
The circle is complete!
It's beautiful!
But, yes, they're, okay, the first thing I saw in the news today, oh, it did my heart such good.
It had to do with this creation museum in Kentucky.
Okay.
It's a really expensive one.
And the only way they could sink so much money into something that dumb was by using taxpayer money.
In Kentucky, instead of doing a science science museum, they did a creation science museum with taxpayer money.
I happen to be fairly well acquainted.
I'm very well acquainted with a different creation museum, one in Texas, the Creation Evidence Museum.
I know too much about it.
I visited it for the first time just last year and I'm building a competing museum in Texas called the Destructionist Museum.
But I don't want to give away all of our secrets yet.
It's going to be great.
And the road signs leading up to it will be as good as possible.
I'm going to go to the Burma Shade.
But the Creation Evidence Museum in Kentucky, oh, it's gigantic.
It's built to look like Noah's Ark, whatever, which is basically a big box of so many cubits.
And I've never been there myself, but I know that it has lost so much money, they can't believe it.
It costs so much.
It costs so much.

It costs the taxpayers of Kentucky a lot.
And it's not working.
In fact, a lot of Christians go to it wanting to like it and they come away going, well, that was sure lame.
So it made the news that it was failing miserably.
Here's the great part.
The director of that museum, a Mr. Ken Ham, made the news, I think, this morning.
He explained the reason that they failed so miserably financially was because of atheists praying for them to fail.
Now, stop and think of it.
That's not, that's a direct quote.
We failed because the atheists prayed for us to fail.
Do you know what that tells us?
For one thing, there's what, like maybe one atheist for every 50 Christians or believers of whatever kind?
This, the guy just admitted that praying to nobody works ten times better than praying to Jesus.
If I had known that my prayers would be heard by God, I, but how, how the hell am I supposed to work that?
I don't even believe it.
I don't believe in God.
I'd be talking to myself.
I shouldn't say that it's, it's not that I don't believe in God.
It's that why would I or anyone else be expected to understand that kind of thing?
It's a miracle enough that we can understand some of the rules of the force of gravity.
So, but anyway, you know, any, if there are any disciplines that are not, you know, you

Ok, well, I can admit that I don't believe in God.
I would say that I believe in Darwinism.
I don't believe I don't have any.
I don't have anylan tree, I believe in people from planet music as the more civilization
learned indispensable to humanity.
You have to stay.
Bob. Now that was the dumb, yeah, the prayers of atheists caused us to fail. Thank you Ken Ham, you made my day. The next thing in the news, it was from the neighboring state of Tennessee, which normally is as dumb as Kentucky, although not nearly as dumb as Texas, Alabama, Kansas, Mississippi.
And Arkansas. I really follow this stuff. And here was this article. This one was so good, I wanted, it's very short. It's from the Tennessee newspaper, the Chattanooga Bystander.
It has a picture of a Tennessee license plate with the words Hail Satan in the middle of it and a pentangle upside down as it should be.
Hail Satan license plates now available in Tennessee. Now, that's not all though. I remember when there was a pagan guy in the military that was sued so that he could get pagan stuff on his tombstone at Arlington Cemetery and I think he won.
Well, this was something like that.
After Tennessee legislators passed a bill to allow residents to get
license plates that bear the phrase in God we trust, in the interest of religious diversity, other plates were made available that bear other religious phrases, including Shalom, Namaste, Praise Jah, and Hail Satan.
I'm sure they have plenty of other ones. They should have the Hail Eris on there.
But get this.
It's only faithful.
Then said Tennessee State Senator Bodie Prince Chip.
Borodee Senator Prynne Shrip said,
He said, quote, we should celebrate our diversity.
This is unusual for Tennessee.
Quote.
Yes.
We are deep in the Bible belt that the freedom of religion is a constitutionally protected right, saidiestate.




print trip holding up a license plate with the phrase there's no prob with Bob
that's an available license plate now I feel like writing to him and going hey
actually we're a Texas novelty company and that's not religious freedom that's
a trademark violation and they didn't spell Bob right they left the quotes off
but that might just be the important the interesting thing is somebody in the
government office that runs license plates knew about us and threw us right
in there with all the other world religions the Church of the subgenius is
you know I'm gonna let you know that I'm gonna let you know that I'm gonna let you
know that I'm gonna let you know that I'm gonna let you know that I'm gonna let you
know that I'm gonna let you know that I'm gonna let you know that I'm gonna let
you know that I'm gonna let you know that I'm gonna let you know that I'm gonna
94
but
that but but look what happened I mean he tried to start this cool little funny
joke cult and come my god look what happened a couple of guys in the 1600s
decided to write a satirical pamphlet under the fictitious name Christian
Rosen prance it was a joke but it turned into the entire new age so my
old partner and I dr. Philodrom and have been very very careful to make sure the
Church of the subgenius has elements built into it trap doors and rugs that
get pulled out from under you if you start to believe the wrong things which
is any of it
so that we don't end up in the middle of a cult
inadvertently starting another thing like the Mormons or Scientology only a
thousand times worse because our stuff so much better frankly horribly it's
more believable and in fact since last year the most ridiculous absurd
impossible to even imagine subgenius prophecies much like Mike Judge's movie
idiocracy all came to pass Arnold Palmer died that meant the Trevino's one
Donald Trump is president obviously Dobbs prophecy came true it's not our fault
okay in fact we were selling a button last year that said don't blame me I
voted for Bob although if you did vote for Bob you would have been in the top 10 in the world.
actually vote for Bob I'm afraid we do blame you but the important thing was
because I didn't the important thing was I left that little button is red white
and blue button that said don't blame me I voted for Bob I've got into the wash
and it got washed but it came out fine these colors don't run I see some people
are old enough to remember that but I'm not going to do that I'm going to do it again.

oh what else
yeah I really I'm planning to I'm planning to do this kind of a serious
sermon on Saturday because well the president said it was okay to be crude
and un-PC and insult people and have I got some crude and
unsultry insulting things for just the smattering of the crowd I think I am an
optimist about that kind of thing although this year I got to admit it it
started to turn out that our most pessimistic our most outrageously
pessimistic notions in Church of the subgenius turned out to be lots of bleep
optimistic and naive. You can't write science fiction as nutty as what's going on now, although
Neil Stephens' Anathem is not a bad start. It takes place in a world where science has
basically been outlawed, and I know not all of y'all are scientists. In fact, I'm just
a junior scientist, and for that matter, I'm really just a clown junior scientist. But
they did kind of basically start outlawing science this year. Church's subgenius sells
you a doctorate in the forbidden sciences. Well, all sciences are forbidden at this point.
Astrology, astronomy, they're all exactly the same. All turn to the other side. All
turn to facts. So welcome to the church of the subgenius, all you forbidden scientists.
If you even suspect that evolution might be right, that's thought crime. It's funny, I
had to drive to Wisteria three times in the last two weeks from Cleveland, so I ended
up listening to audio books. I listened to an audio book of George Orwell's 1984.
Well, what a surprise. It sounded like a boring, old, outdated documentary. But, oh,
I said I wasn't going to bum everybody out. Okay. So I'll talk about something cute. Dogs!
Dogs. You don't see dogs at Starwood very often. I guess that some people, if you can
get a, if you have one of those licenses that says you're a dog, you're a dog. You're a dog.

You're a service animal, or you're a pet, whatever pet. Then it's okay. I have seen
somebody walk your dog around here. The thing is, this is my first Starwood where I had
to bring a dog. I inherited an old hound dog from my father, who shot through, as he put
it, about two years ago. Now, I got his beautiful house and his, his cool old coonhound. And,
I wish he could be here tonight. He would love to meet everybody. He's a very laid back old dog.
He's a terrible watchdog. If a burglar came in the house, he'd wag his tail and beg for treats
from him. But, but his kind isn't allowed here. I understand the policy. Because, you know,
a lot of people think their dog is the best, like, like their child. They assume it's the best
creature in the world until it pees on somebody else's dog or child or bites their face off or
whatnot. So, it's, really the rules here are very similar to that bar in the oldest Star Wars movie.
You bring the dog over and it's like, we don't allow his kind. And, you know, it's very difficult to, you know,



here they also don't allow droids at wisteria now i'm not complaining about wisteria i understand
the policy but here's the thing there could be this room could be half droids how would we know
now you could dress my hound dog up in a suit and every and everybody would know he was a dog
i know because i tried and i i wasn't able to sneak him in but droids hey they can make them
pretty realistic now i think they're up to nexus seven or something that's a pretty pretty
realistic model how do you know that that pagan sitting next to you isn't one of those i don't
know obama droids they put out a few years ago in fact
how do you know you're not one if you're well enough made you wouldn't know the difference
i understand there's a tv show about that called westworld but i
haven't seen it because i sort of swore off tv
as i say this standing in a room full of projections of images that i can make
by the way
folks you hear a lot about fake news and the lame stream media and all that
i actually worked in that for half my life i never was well actually i was a journalist
a few times i never uh i never finished college so i ended up being sometimes i was a writer and
sometimes i was a typesetter but sometimes i was just the office boy but it was for a
it was all
Vanilla
some
content
real stuff
just
They were trying to outdo each other, discovering real stuff.
That's what their competition is all about.
Somehow they got changed around.
Oops, I wasn't going to talk about that.
I was going to talk about the funny stuff.
The dogs and the droids, okay?
So how do you know?
How do you know the person next to you isn't a really well-programmed artificial intelligence?
Well, probably you can smell them.
We don't have Terminator models yet that actually stink just like people.
We don't think.
But that wouldn't be hard to do.
I can think of a few friends that just scrape the side of their leg and rub it onto my Android
and probably fool my dog.
So yeah, friends.
Oh, this is the main point of the dog story.
Okay, Starwood is all about, in theory, transformation, learning.
It wasn't originally started as a pagan thing specifically.
It was started kind of like that old magazine Mondo 2000.
It was going to be a place, I think what Jeff and Joe had in mind,
was a festival where everyone was welcome.
Everyone.













The Satanist, an atheist, a Wiccan, a druid, a clown junior scientist, whatever.
It was just, let's get together and prove that we're not really enemies.
Let's communicate.
And by the way, it's because of that that I still have plenty of, let's just say it,
Republican friends and family.
Because when you stop talking, then...
That's the end, you know?
So I'd rather serve as an example of a libtard who hasn't completely joined that bubble yet.
In fact, I spend an unhealthy amount of time inside the right-wing bubble and echo chamber,
probably more than most Trump voters.
And I've been doing it since the 70s,
which is why I may be a little bit more...
suspicious.
But I wasn't going to go there.
I was going to save that for Saturday.
Okay, the transformational aspects of Starwood.
It works on dogs.
Just the vibes.
The poor creature can't come down here with me,
but we've been sneaking around the perimeter a lot.
We're staying in Charlene's little bed and breakfast up at the top of the hill.
We can hear the music.
We can hear the music from up there.
And he knows there's a party going on.
And we go down to the registration place
and greet people coming in before someone chases us away.
And there are secret trails that lead down to the swimming hole,
that pond that everyone's afraid to go in,
except the bravest and hardiest.
And the dog and I did go down there and spy.
Were you down there?
We may have actually spied on you for a very brief time from a distance.
We didn't want to creep anybody out.
But, oh, he wanted to get down there.
Anyway, this place we're staying at, Charlene's,
it has a creature that he's never seen domesticated before.
This dog grew up on a cattle ranch,
and all of his friends and relatives had dogs.
Did he have dogs?
No one had a cat.
So, suddenly, during the previous festival, X-Day,
and this one, Starwood,
he was forced to live in a bed and breakfast with cats!
And for the first three days,
his whole attitude was,
you don't understand!
They're not dogs!
You can't pet them!
You can't feed them!
They're cats!
They're evil!
They're the worst, stinkiest,
thing in the world!
They're even stinkier than monkey people!
Now, this dog was raised to chase raccoons,
and cats are kind of the same size and move similarly.
And he just, every instinct in his body
made him want to chase Charlene's two cats and break their necks.
But, those are two cool cats.
They both were, I think they were strays
that she took.
And what does one of them catch on her reach?
A coot.
And then, she was最近oh,
one was a tough old tom cat named Sam.
Sam was not intimidated by my gigantic hound dog.
This dog is like a tiger.
He's, ah, well, maybe more of the size
of a mountain lion.
He's really big.
But, the cat
would not shirk or run away.
So of course I basically had to hold the leash really tight.
The dog's just landed!
It's a cat! We have to kill him!
But I decided, hey, it's Starwood. He can learn.
We're not going to be like the people on the internet that just insult each other all day long.
We're going to actually try to communicate.
So I sat there with that dog out on the porch with the cat about five feet away
and a tight grip on the leash and I just let that dog stare, trembling at that cat.
And the cat stared boldly back at the dog.
I let him do that and I sat there for half an hour.
A little bit later on, we went in the house.
There's like a glass door.
It's a glass door.
The dog could see the cat outside the glass door.
The cat was just standing against the glass door.
He was just sitting by the glass door, looking at the dog as if to say,
you know, I own this place and you can't do anything at all.
And the dog's just, if that glass wasn't there, I'd get that cat.
I'd get that cat.
Meanwhile, the cat saunters away and heads off.
The dog can't see the cat, but he knows he's out there.
He just couldn't, he couldn't let go of his intense hatred.
The cat, meanwhile, climbs in the window behind the dog.
There's four of us humans or subgeniuses watching and laughing as the cat walks up right behind the dog.
Who's still just so obsessed.
He doesn't realize the cat has entered the room and is behind him.
The cat walks up, sniffs the dog's butt, then flips around like, huh, and saunters away.
At no point did the dog know that he, I don't normally use this kind of language, but it's literally true.
Sam the cat made Dammit the dog his little bitch.
Now, the funny thing though is, after a couple of days, they got more and more used to each other.
The dog knew that he was not going to be allowed to kill the cat.
And he was forced to watch while people, including us, petted the cat.
The cat got to eat this yummy fishy smelling food.
The cat was treated just like a dog.
And I, Der,
During X day, the dog was still nervous around the cats.
He kind of wanted to get after them.
But we went back to Cleveland for a while.
And we came back.
The dog's like, we came back to Wisteria and that bed and breakfast.
The dog is like, we're going back to that house full of cats again?
Are you crazy?
Well, I guess I'll try to make friends with them.
And I swear that dog has become,
so adjusted to the cats,
that he honestly, obviously wants to make friends.
The cats have not gotten that far yet.
But that dog, affected by the vibes of Starwood,
changed from an instinct driven, cat killing monster,
which was his job on a cattle ranch,
into a friendly, open minded,
a lot more open minded than those two cats are.
I think he'd probably love to lay down and sleep with them.
And maybe by the time Starwood is over, that will happen.
Heck, maybe by the time Starwood's over,
all of us will lay down and sleep together.
Actually, that sounds kind of gross and horrible.
I think that's for the church of all worlds, folks.
I got to,
praise the church of all worlds.
That's one of my favorite rival cults.
We pretend to be a sex cult,
but they're a real sex cult.
So, friends, really, that was my main thing.
I just wanted to let you know that the influence of a calm communication,
possibly a certain,
a certain amount of pot smoking,
and just time,
can cause even a hound dog to become a cat lover.
Now, could this possibly work with us monkey people?
Not if we stay barking and growling at each other all the time.
And I've noticed that most of that barking and growling,
it happens on the internet,
where people aren't looking at each other.
But that's where a lot of people spend more time.
So, of course, things are getting nastier,
because you can be a cowardly, anonymous jerk,
if you want to,
and a lot of people seem to spend all day long doing that.
Last year, I stood here and said,
I don't trust the cyber Bob.
I only trust the real,
the Bob that's in front of you.
Actually, I'm terrified of both of them.
But, I think you know what I'm saying.
It's better to look a person in the face
and tell them they're an idiot
than it is to do it on the internet,
because when you're doing it to their face,
you're going to be a lot more polite
about telling them they're an idiot.
And nobody's going to go to the point of
punching each other in the nose, most likely.
Now, if I do my job correctly,
on Saturday when I did my main sermon,
I'll get somebody to want to punch me in the nose.
Then I'll know that I have succeeded.
I've reached true communication.
And I'm not worried about it,
because I'm usually much faster at ducking and running
than the drunks that try to punch me in the nose.
Um, friends,
I think I've been yakking for about half an hour,
and to tell the truth,
I've been taking care of an 88-year-old human
and an 88-year-old dog.
And we kind of have to go...
I have to spend a lot of time up the hill babysitting,
while my wife, Princess We Are Doe,
queen of all the UFOs,
is down here on the field saving Starwood.
With the help of the nostrils over there
and everybody else on the A staff,
who is...
had to pick up the ball and run with it.
You know, we've lost a lot of people.
We've lost some hard, hard-working,
uh, Starwood volunteer staff.
For volunteers, they sure did spend a lot of time on it.
And for no pay.
And, uh, so we're glad to see younger people
taking their places,
and we'd love to see more of that, too.
I'm one of the ones who got too old
to deal with it anymore.
I've got one bizarre religious cult
that's all I can handle anymore.
And we're...
I won't tell you anything about my bizarre religious cult,
because, as I said, we're not really trying to recruit you.
However, I know you'll be a lot more curious
by the fact that I don't talk about it.
And we'll have a nice little $1 pamphlet
that explains everything.
We'll have everything out there on Saturday.
And a $20 book and a $35 ministerial ordainment kit.
And T-shirts and...
And the truth.
Yes, we're selling the truth.
Because we sold out of lies.
I guess.
And if lies is listening,
hi, Paul.
But he wouldn't be.
So, uh, thank you very much.
Mind Runs is the greatest band in the universe,
as you can tell.
Well, they told me to say that last year
when I introduced them.
And then I found that I agreed.
In fact, by the way, you guys,
Princess Gwee and I had to do three hours of radio last Sunday.
And for a whole hour of it,
we had your music in the background.
And we mentioned your name about five times.
God bless you.
To all four of our listeners on the college station.
And in Germany and all over the world.
Right.
So, uh, yeah, so I'm not sure what's up next.
I know there's kind of a beatnik theme going on.
The beats were ahead of their time.
They...
Uh...
They were...
They lived in a rough time,
as Magdalene was telling me earlier.
Probably a lot rougher than now
if you were any of those minorities.
And...
There's a lot of people trying to make that bad time come back.
I mean, I know it sounds ridiculous,
but think about those poor Jews in 1939 going,
oh, Hitler?
Oh, that guy's a joke.
He's stupid.
He can't get anything done.
Oops, I wasn't gonna go there.
I wasn't gonna do it.
Sorry.
Christ, Bob.
Slack for everyone.
Yadda, yadda, yadda, yadda, yadda, yadda, yadda, yadda.
See you soon, and somebody else do this now.
Oh, man, those last three songs in minor chords,
they just bummed me out.
I wish...
That song was about a horse.
I wish you had, like, a happy song.
Like a happy song.
Like a song about a dog.
That would be good.
Oh, hell, you're the kind of man
who seems to leave a trail
behind him of a friend
who used to be so close,
but then in some concocted scene
they done you wrong,
and so you ride them off
and by,
they're gone.
If you don't like dogs,
what do you like?
If you don't like dogs,
you're gonna wake up some cold night
and howl at the lonely moon.
If you don't like dogs,
there's something wrong with you.
You're the kind of man
who wants everyone to think
that he's successful,
so you talk about it
and you write about it
and blah, blah, blah, blah,
but way deep down inside
you're afraid that you're a fraud.
If you don't like dogs,
what do you like?
If you don't like dogs,
you're gonna wake up some cold night
and howl at the moon alone.
If you don't like dogs,
you better just go home.
Oh, I used to be your friend,
even now from time to time,
I wish that I could see ya,
wouldn't wanna be ya.
You might have the car,
the money,
the home,
but you know and I know
you'll always be alone.
You're the kind of man
who wants to know real love,
but all that you can do is
talk about your girls
and tell off color jokes
and act all kinds of flirty.
But when the truth be told,
you're afraid of getting dirty.
If you don't like dogs,
what do you like?
If you don't like dogs,
you're gonna wake up some cold night
and howl, howl, howl, howl, howl, howl, howl.
Till your head's a throbbing.
If you don't like dogs,
what's your fucking problem?
Well, if you don't like dogs,
what do you like?
If you don't like dogs,
you're gonna wake up some cold night
and howl, howl, howl, howl, howl, howl.
Till you're a pain in the rump.
If you don't like dogs,
you probably voted for Trump.
And if you asked your woman how?
Well, you probably voted to stop Жук
Be prepared.

That was the Rainmakers
doing a song by theirundayadesue언

called Like Dogs at the Record Bar in Kansas City, Thanksgiving 2016.
And now, this.
Hey, the world's ending.
You may die.
Finally.
I've been trying to shut this show down for now.
Well, who's stopping you?
Two hours and 30 minutes.
Keep trying.
You can stop it.
You're not the only ditherer around here.
I can prolong into the infinite.
Yes.
So make your decision and sever the line now.
You've been listening to the Hour of Slack.
More than an hour.
On this station.
For more information about Church of the Subgenius, feel free to check out subgenius.com.
Thank you, Dr. Howell and Reverend Mother Miller.
Thank you.
The sacred scribe himself.
Beautiful, beautiful.
Thank you.
And thank Susie the floozy for the first hour.
Yes, thank you, Susie.
Yes.
Listen and audit.
I'm fading it out.
Okay, that's all.
That's all.
Okay, I'm really fading it out.
I'm fading it out all the way now.
Information.

Thank you.
