How'd he turn you on?
We were talking about tea.
How the kick wore off.
And he said there was something else.
Something that had a real jolt.
The Self-Genius Power of Swatch.
Never got so sick in my life.
Thought I was gonna die.
You're a big talker, aren't you, son?
When you're just taking a little drop, kid.
They receive punishment as prescribed by law.
This is Hour of Slack number 1,706.
The Dr. Legume tribute special number 5.
It's real simple, too.
It starts with the last Dr. Legume recording that I made.
Him on a panel with Dr. Hal, Onan Canterbite, and myself.
Out 20x day into June.
2017.
And then it cuts to one of the very oldest recordings of Dr. Legume.
From Hour of Slack number 467.
From 1993, I think.
And the first, the most recent.
He describes an event that happened in Starwood in 1993.
And in the older recording, we hear the actual tape of the event.
Plus a rant by Dr. Legume at that same time.
And finally, we return to the 2017 recording.
In which Dr. Legume vividly tells the story of a dire and surreal road trip.
During the time that he was first discovering Bob.
In his heart.
And in even worse places.
So, first, Legume.
At 20x day of 2017.
2017.
Wow.
I didn't buy that for a dollar.
Yeah.
I'm just sitting here trying to recollect any of the really weird shit that's happened to me since I joined the Church of the Subgenius.
But there's just a damn bunch of it that's happened.
It's not even that I've been away.
I mean, weird shit happens to me wherever I go.
Right.
But just the weird shit that's happened to me dealing with Subgenius.
I think the weirdest thing was probably the Kevin Underwood thing.
Because.
Oh, Reverend Stank shaking his ass.
I'm not going to say anything else about that.
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, there's this guy who used to hang out in all the slack.
He never sent his $35 in.
I like to preface this with that.
That way nobody is too keen on saying a member of the Subgenius Church might have murdered and cannibalized a little girl in the Midwest.
$35, you little talk member.
$35 media barrage number three.
Yeah.
So he actually did send some money to Bob.
But, yeah, he ended up kidnapping a little girl that lived next door to him.
And he killed her.
And then he tried to eat her.
And after she was dead.
I guess it ain't rape or anything after they're dead.
But he did whatever he was doing.
And the police came in and found her bicycle under his bed.
And she was in a plastic tub.
In the closet.
And the freaky thing is that he had written me several e-mails telling me how much he enjoyed my artwork.
So that was a really creepy Subgenius story.
We heard from him about four or five years ago from prison.
And he apologized if his mistake brought any dishonor on the church.
And he asked for some pamphlets.
I sent him the pamphlets, but I didn't otherwise respond.
The prison ministry of the Church of the Subgenius is long and storied.
Well, you know, they were all, like, weird, bad stories.
There was the Kid Gimsy story, Reverend Stang.
That was a nice, inspiring story of a subgenius the next day.
Still weird, but inspiring.
This is going to be a long one.
I might even need a drink for this one.
This was when I first met Reverend Stang.
Not too long after.
A year or two.
This was even before the X-Day drills.
It had to be a Starwood, probably 1994 or 95.
And I had ridden my motorcycle all the way there to Brushwood.
From where?
From Philadelphia.
Yeah, 400 miles.
And Kid Gimsy, a young subgenius, and Pastor Craig, another young subgenius.
Well, he wasn't really that young.
They were in the car carrying all of my gear and basically just following me up there.
And these were young bobbies, basically.
I mean, there were a lot more bobbies then than there are now
because they had to do it by mailbag.
You had to do it by mailbag then.
If you really wanted to be a bobby in the church, you had to work for it.
Well, they followed me up there, and I went and pitched my camp.
And I was like, ah, Jesus, they're pitching a camp right next to me.
But it all worked out.
It was okay.
I had gone out and was hanging out with the pagans down at the drum circle.
Drum circle, yep.
Subgenius.
Subgenius walked up to me.
For all I know, it may have been Reverend Ferg.
Walked up and handed me a little time.
He showed me a picture.
It was a picture of Christ.
And he was like a baseball card.
And he was all nailed up on a crucifix, all covered in blood and gore and guts.
It was just really nasty.
And I'm like, ah, this is beautiful.
And he very carefully rips along the many perforations of that baseball card.
And hands me the right hand of Christ on a tiny little square.
You can probably guess what that tiny little square picture was.
Hooray!
Because I can tell you, it's not hanging in my house in a tiny little frame.
Nope.
It's hanging in my spinal fluid.
Exactly where it belongs.
Exactly where it belongs.
Well, I took this LSD, and I went back there.
And I'm going to chill out in my tent for a while and wait for the ride to come on.
And it was pretty good.
And I got to where I had gotten past the peak.
And I was starting to feel my, starting to get my Irish up a bit.
Wanted to go out and have a little fun.
And so I get out of my tent.
And just as I do, here comes this little subgenius kid, Kid Ginsu, out of his tent.
Looking for all the world like an underfed Buddy Holly.
Hood.
Hood.
Also taking some of that same LSD.
Mind you, this was just a young kid.
He was 18 or 19.
Had LSD.
Instant balls.
College student at NYU studying, majoring in philosophy.
Yeah, that was a great idea.
I can spout about anything.
Well, I had been planning something for weeks to do at X Day.
And it was called the Test of Faith.
And the Test of Faith was fairly simple.
You put your hand on a stump.
And I drive this giant iron spike into the stump without hitting your hand.
If I hit your hand, then you have no faith in Bob.
But if I don't hit your hand, then that means that Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Oh, and I forgot to mention the word blindfolded in there.
Blindfolded.
Blindfolded.
Yes.
I was blindfolded while I was driving the spike into the stump.
So I took it as a sign.
I had already taken the LSD, which was, of course, a hand with a big spike through the palm.
Befitting.
I'm real big on portents.
And that just seemed like this is a sign that it's time to bust the spike out.
So I'm like, I have to find Reverend Stang.
And the first thing I do is I say,
Say to Kid Gensu, come with me, boy.
Laid on the full redneck.
And I walked him back through the dark roads in Brushwood.
And I said, stop right here and wait.
And he did what he was told because he was terrified.
That was a good word for it.
Terrified and tripping.
Don't hurt me.
And I crept through the bushes.
And Reverend Stang was sitting around a campfire with some of his pagan friends, you know, just having a chat.
And I ninja'd up real quiet.
And I tapped.
Reverend Stang on the shoulder and said, you want to see somebody shit themselves?
And Reverend Stang turned to me and said, shit, you just did.
And I said, come on, man.
We're going to go do the test of faith.
I got a pilgrim out in the road.
And he said, all right.
And he grabs his little pocket recorder.
And he follows me out into the road.
And there's this young subgenius kid meeting his subgenius heroes for the first time.
And one of them is taking a personal interest in him.
And then out of the woods, here I come with Reverend Stang.
Reverend Ivan Stang.
That was the day you earned the sobriquet Reverend Ivan Stang himself.
Himself.
Which is the last name that they tend to tag on to Reverend Ivan Stang when they talk amongst themselves with their new subgeniuses.
It's Reverend Ivan Stang himself.
He was very impressed.
And Reverend Stang and I, we were like, come on, boy, we're going to go out.
And he knew what I had planned.
Because he was like, we're going to take you out there.
We're going to introduce you to Bob.
And we were laying it on him real hard.
And we're looking for some place to go and do this.
Because I had taken acid and hadn't planned anything in advance.
So we're wandering through a thick, dense fog.
And we can't see shit.
And we come out in the field.
And there was this structure that they had built that was going to be the basis for the Starwood Bonfire.
But I didn't know that at the time.
Reverend Stang might have.
But I didn't know.
It was a giant.
It was a pyramid made out of wood.
Like a pyramid frame.
Like a skeleton.
And it was a big fucking pyramid.
I remember that from Brushwood.
Right.
Big pyramid out in the field.
Surrounded by logs, you know, big enough to sit on.
And right in the middle of it, dead center, is a tree stump that was just perfect for what we had planned.
It was exactly chest high.
It was the perfect size.
And then Reverend Stang and I started in on this poor kid.
And we were like, yeah, you're nuts.
Reverend Stang, you're nuts are going to drop after this boy.
There was thunder and lightning.
Yes, there was thunder and lightning going on.
There was a storm rolling in with this fog.
Directly over the...
Reverend Stang will tell you, this is no bullshit.
This is...
This is 100% true.
There was a perfect circle above the pyramid where you could look up and see the full moon.
But only directly above us in this perfect circle of clear sky.
There was lightning crashing all around us and the pagan drums were out there.
They were getting fired up because of the thunder and lightning.
Right.
We're talking a whole...
We're talking hundreds of pagans on acid beating on drums while...
And getting fired up.
Fired up by this thunderstorm that's coming in.
Speech towel.
And they're going...
And they're pounding me, Reverend Stang, or laying it on real thick.
And I'm like, boy, you are your father's secret shame.
Put your hand on the stump.
He's like...
I don't know about...
He's talking like that...
One of those little cartoon characters.
Stammering.
There's a little rabbit that follows Bugs Bunny around that requires subtitles.
This dude was losing his...
Shit bad.
And...
You could smell it in the air.
And...
I had to misguide him.
Reverend Stang is holding this guy by the wrist and holding his hand down on the stump.
And I'm like, I'm just going to drive it into the stump.
And if Bob loves you, you won't get hurt.
But if Bob thinks you're pink, you're a fuck boy.
And...
Not yet.
And I'm just talking.
So I take that spike and I...
I pick it up.
And I reach in my pocket and I pull out this blindfold.
Uh, sir.
Sir, you didn't say anything about a blindfold, sir.
I was like, shut up, boy.
It's time.
It's time.
And I take this big metal spike.
And I raise it up high.
And I go...
And just then lightning strikes overhead and flashes.
And this kid just about...
And I drive that spike down into the stump.
And I completely miss his hand.
Well, he didn't take into account the stump was about this fucking wide.
And he only had little tiny hands.
God's let me hit and his hands were astronomical.
It was his own fear that made him pass himself there and lose his faith in Bob.
And then Reverend Stang turned to him and said...
Do not go pale and pink in the face of Bob.
Reverend Stang turned to him at that moment and said,
Welcome to the hour of sleep.
Kid Ginsu.
And he took out his little tape recorder and said,
You're going to be on the radio.
And I turned to Reverend Stang and I said,
We got one last thing to do.
Kid Ginsu, you stand right here and count to a hundred and don't you fucking move.
And I turned to Reverend Stang and I said,
Come on, we have to get out of here before it goes off.
And we ran off into the woods laughing like two teenage goons.
And we had...
Now I said the story had a happy ending.
And I think breaking somebody's entire psyche is probably not the happy ending you were expecting.
Cautionary tales.
Now...
Sometimes, but you just got to.
As it goes on, a lot of people were like,
I can't believe he did that to Kid Ginsu, that bully Dr. Lagoon.
And, well, I'm getting a little ahead of myself.
We went...
I was going back with Reverend Stang.
I waited for a while and Stang went back to his conversations.
And I thought to myself, I'm going to wander out there and see what became of this kid.
So I wandered back to the little pyramid where he was sitting.
There he was, face in hands, collapsed in the logs.
I said, You okay, boy?
I feel like I've been raped.
Well...
Well, he kind of had.
And I sat down with him.
And I chatted with him a spell, head still rolling on acid.
And he told me a story that he is in love with this girl who had come there with him and his friend.
This cute little blonde blue-eyed girl.
And as he's telling me this story,
out of the fog,
comes strong,
strolling in a long white wedding dress.
This girl that he had a crush on.
And I was like,
How you doing, darling?
And I laid a little bit of the legume mojo on her.
And next thing you know, I'm walking away with her back to my tent.
And we get about 30 paces away from the little pyramid.
And I said, Hey, wait a minute.
I've changed my mind.
Take a hike.
Sister.
And I went and I sat back down next to Gintu.
I said, You wanted that so bad and you could never have it.
And I just picked it right up off the ground and...
I blew it away before I could even figure out what I wanted to do with it.
And...
He was kind of...
He was kind of...
He was kind of shot down by that.
I said, Man, all you need to do what I just did...
Is the balls to pick up the...
Is the balls to pick up the ball.




You're going to spike yourself.
I said, Come here, boy.
And we went back to that spike again.
He was like, Oh, fuck.
Here we go again.
And we went up to that spike.
And I sat that spike down on that stump.
I said, Give me your hand, boy.
Give me his hand.
I picked that spike up and I put it in his hand and I put mine down on the stump.
I said, Raise that spike up.
He raised it up real high over my hand.
And I looked at him.
I said, How's that feel?
And he said, How's that feel?
I said, Good.
It feels really good.
He said, That's all you ever needed to do, boy, was pick up the spike.
After that, his life completely changed.
He would come to me all the time for advice.
He was like, I don't know what I'm going to do when I get out of college.
I said, Well, what are you majoring in?
I said, Philosophy.
I picked up the yellow pages.
I threw it down on the table and I said to him, Hire me a philosopher.
He said, I'm going to be a philosopher.




I said, I'm going to be a philosopher, boy.
So he changed his major to philosophy, science.
He changed to library science.
He ended up getting a really good job with the city of Philadelphia.
Because he had the balls to pick up the spike, he eventually found a girl who he liked even
more.
They've been married ever since.
He had contacted me at one point.
He said, Dr. Lagune, my girlfriend really likes to raise horses and she's thinking of
dropping out of school to become a doctor.
I'm a horse groomer.
I said, Tell her to stay in law school.
In a few years, she'll own her own horse.
She took my advice, stayed in law school, works for the prosecutor's office of the state
of New Jersey and owns her own horse.
And the two of them have been happily together ever since.
So there's a happy subgenius story with lots of terror and fear in it.
Cautionary tales of the subgenius.
Praise Dobbs upon that.
And then there was that guy that Reverend Stang stabbed in the throat.
And the two of us had to load into that van during the Slack Crusade and had to throw
him on that railroad trestle just to make it look like an accident.
I'm so glad the statute of limitations on murder is only seven years.
Only seven years.
Wait a minute.
There is no statute of limitations on that.
No, there isn't.
Man, it's a good thing this is all just one big joke, isn't it?
Huge.
He is a master of the royal mind rape of the normals.
He truly is.
And to prove that, I'm going to take a plunge and play you a tape, which I will have to
severely and probably most clumsily ever.

Edit for profanity and boring stretches.
A tape of Dr. Legume initiating a young would-be subgenius.
He was a dues-paying subgenius, but well, until we got through with him, you might call
him sort of a praise Bob, gimme slack spouting Bobby.
He's just a young feller.
Young Reverend Josh.
I can understand that.
I was the same.
I was the same.
I was the first of the Bobbies myself.
I was initiated just, well, in rather a different way.
It took longer in those days.
Dr. Legume, over a period of a year, developed this initiation.
And I cannot give you the final punchline and I cannot play the end of the tape because
that would ruin it for everyone else.
But the buildup to it is quite nice, hopefully.
This is assuming I edit it well.
To set the scene.
This happened at a place that those anti-cultists, if they could see it for half a second, would
flip their lids, drop their drawers, and bend over giving up forever because the power of
the cults would look so attractive to them.
I'm talking about the Starwood Festival in rural New York, held in the woods at a big
sort of campground in rural New York.
Every year.
The Starwood Festival actually is more like Mondo 2000 come to life, with a smattering
of witches and druids doing their corny thing here and there, and sort of cyber weirdos
doing their spectacular things here and there.
There are always subgenius revivals.
It's one of my favorite events.
I love it.
It's good, clean fun.
Especially since they have hot showers and so forth there.
Anyway.
Friday night, I believe it was, at the festival, very, very late, Dr. Legume rattled my tent
door, woke me up, said, Reverend Stang, I got young Reverend Joshua primed.
He's going to go through the initiation.
Grab your tape recorder and let's do it.
So I come hobbling out of the tent with my little handheld deck stuck in my pocket with
a mic clipped to my belt buckle.
And we meet Reverend Josh in the woods and stride off across this field in the dead of
night.
Now, while you're listening to the tape, keep in mind that it is a stormy night.
It's not raining, but there's thunder and lightning and the wind is whipping pretty
hard.
You may hear that on the mic.
And on top of that, I mean, this is a pagan sort of festival.
There is drumming going on all the time.
Primitive.
Protos.
I don't know.
There's a lot of zermatic drumming.
The drumming of Ahor.
Like something to summon the demons from below hell.
Actually, there's not a Satanist around.
A lot of subgeniuses.
And well, let's just go to that tape before I take up any more time.
And then after that, we will hear just some more, much more slickly recorded material
from Radio Shorts, the Apocalypse Now Opera.
But for now, let's go into the show.
And I hope you'll join me in a moment of silence.
I'm going to take a moment to just listen to that horrible replay of the disgusting
and terrifying for this young man.
Because you know, he didn't know Dr. Legume and he didn't know me.
And he's like this college kid from up north who has come to see his subgenius heroes preach.
They probably weren't his heroes when all was said and done.
But knowing this, of course, Dr. Legume and I cranked up our fierce redneck.
Uh.
I don't know if you've heard of the movie, uh, Accents to the Max.
Uh.
Legume's appearance I have described.
I nowadays kind of look like David Koresh crossed with Charlie Manson crossed with Howard
Stern.
And uh.
It just the sorts of things, you know, these sort of tattooed covered rednecks, the kind
who would most easily intimidate a trusting young Yankee.

So, we go now to those tapes.
Thank you.
Which kid is this?
Do I know him?
His name is Joshua.
Oh yeah.
Okay.
Joshua is standing over here.
Oh right.
He's ready for his test of faith.
Yeah, I want to see this.
Reverend, I'm Stank.
Yes.
Yeah, we're going to go before you touch the face.

Howdy.
I am Joshua.
Yeah.
Have we met before?
Uh.
I bought a tape from you.
Showed it to you.




I bought it from you.
You know, I was talking to some friends.
They really, they haven't been able to sit down for a week.
Oh.
Uh huh.
Had a party.
I won't be able to do all kinds of things for a week after this.
Yeah.
The old subgenius test of faith.
So, you really like Bob.
You talk about Bob an awful lot, don't you?
It's time to go have your chat with Bob ourselves.
Why not?
What do you say?
It's not illegal to, to talk with this man, Bob.
I'm not saying that Bob is a bad guy.






Yeah.
His, his.
You might be seeing him face to face if you're not careful.
They always want to get close to Bob.
As long as it's face to face and not some other.
They always got the spike to Orcus.
Oh no.
To Orcus.
Oh no, no.
Nothing like that.
Young Joshua pulls out a toy plastic knife.
Come, let's take a walk over to where I can find a place where the screams run around
us.
The boys now walk to a, uh.
We need like a tape.

A table or a altar or something.
There's a little area right over here with a whole bunch of.
You don't want to use a car code.
Yeah, let me stop here.
Um, Dr. Legume is leading us over to an, what basically looks like an altar in the middle
of a field far, far away from where anybody could hear the screams of pain.
And so, therefore it's rather spookier, you know.
The, the kid, there, there really isn't anybody around to help him.
It's very, very dark.
And very, very dark.
And very stormy and spooky.
And in the middle of this field is like a teepee frame.
It was later used to fill up with logs, uh, and where, so that the gigantic bonfire could
be created on that spot.
But this, um, Friday night, it was just this mysterious looking, uh, bunch of long logs,
uh, set, lashed together in sort of a teepee shape.
And in the center were.
Well, was one very large stump.
A chopped off stump forming sort of a table.
Kind of a mysterious altar thing.
So let's.
It's got this cute little plastic plate to visit it out.
I have a stake that is irretractable.
Oh man.
Dr. Legume is displaying.
Yes, it is the original test of faith spike.
The spike.
Whoa.
That's what you used on the last guy?
Yup.
This.
It's a good thing I only had to do the gong job.



I was just going to say, this is a bar.
This spike, dear friends, is like a railroad spike.
A stainless steel, very sharp spike.
About, oh, nine inches long.
I've got a lighter.
That's okay.
I've got a blindfold.
Oh, that's right.
That's right.
I forgot about the blindfold.
Here's a suitable piece of wood.
What is this thing?
Is this like, oh, this is the, where they, uh.
This is where we're going to sacrifice.
That's right.
We can't sacrifice my friend.
Yeah.





I'm going to sacrifice my friend.
I'm not going to sacrifice you.

I told you, I told you a thousand times.
Whoa.
Yeah, this is good.
Yeah.
This is just right.
Man.
Man, it's pre-made.
A little bit of blood will bring them forth.
A lot of blood will, whoa.
This is, they've been doing some maypole.
Look at this, look at this stump.
Come on.
The sacrifice.
The sacrifice.
The sacrifice, yeah.
The sacrifice.
Check your soul at the door, boy.
Okay, so you want to know what the test of faith is all about.
Okay?
I'm going to take your hand and I'm going to hold it down here on this table.
Okay?
And I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do this left-handed because I'm right-handed.
I can't even legally drink yet.
You'll need to after I get through with you here.
Your nuts will drop after this.
Yeah, I have to do this left-handed.
Okay, give me your hand.
Put it down here on the table.
Okay, here's what I'm going to do.
I'm going to take this spike and I'm going to drive it into this tree stump without touching your hand with a head full of LSD.
A dangerous witness right here who will collaborate to anything that I say.
And a blindfold.
I swear.
And all you have to do.
To the altar of Almighty God that if any mention of blood.
Oh, man, you're in the wrong place for that.
You think you're safe here?
Oh, man, you're going to.
Well, it just wasn't me talking.
Look at this.
Here's this guy who loves Bob so much.
This guy loves Bob so much and here he is talking to God.
Is he talking to Bob now?
Now when he's facing having this spike driven right through his hand Jesus style?
Well, prayers ain't going to do much good no matter who it is.
You don't even know who I am, do you?
You probably only heard horror stories from all the other preachers about me.
I come hopping into your life like a fluffy little bunny of love.
Yeah, do it, do it.
It's okay.
You saw that movie Aliens?
Did you see Aliens?
Yeah.
Where the android can go ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba like that?
It's sort of like that.
But it's not.
It's, you know, not, he didn't try to get in between each finger or anything like that.
He only has to do it once.
I only have to do it once.
That's right.
Now, it could be that I just really, really get off on inflicting all of these big Jesus holes in people's hands.
That would be a common characteristic among men who wander around the pagan festivals with church, Catholic priest collars on.
They have a thing for stigmata.
Okay?
So I may just get off on doing this.
And I may do it just for shits and giggles.
And it doesn't matter because he's got the shovel and I got the trash bags.
So nothing bad is going to happen on us one way or another.
No one will ever know.
All you got to do, man, is have faith and put your hand out here on this wall.
Yeah, you're trusting in God.
This is, this will pretty much determine whether you get on the escape vessels or not.
And they are real.
This is going to make or break.
Your seating category.
Can this event itself actually determine the foreshadow of the future?
Well, we assume you got your membership pack, right?
Was once future untold.
Did you get your membership pack?
Did you ever order the $20 membership pack?
Yes, I have my ordained membership card in the church of the subgenius.
Oh, well, you've got nothing to worry about.
You've got nothing to worry about.
Except for right now.
Oh, not if he has faith.
That's the whole thing.
Look, the only ones who are going to get ruptured up on X day are the ones who can watch the other subgeniuses bursting into flame and screaming and hold their membership card and say, I'm not going to tear it up.
I have faith.
I'm just abandoning the shell.
It's like taking your shoes off.
It's as easy as that.
It'll be just like taking off a glove.
You'll have a new body aboard the escape vessel.
You'll even have a new hand.
Is that how it was said to you originally?
Or, well, you don't think all these dark storm clouds and the wind around here are just for dramatic purpose, do you?
Just coincidence.
The drums don't mean anything.
No, they don't mean anything.
Just whatever you do, don't say yog safa three times during the ceremony.
What's the matter, man?
You keep pulling your hand off of the stump.
Are you nervous?
Consider it.
I'd be damn nervous if I were you.
I'd be going, God damn it, Bob, I know you're there.
I know you're there.
Find out.
Find out if Bob's there.
Hey, you wanted to talk?
I know he's there.
You know he's there.
We all have the scar.
Somewhere, wherever he is.
Oh, man.
Wait a minute.
You have a layer on you?
That much I don't know.
All I know is it was very similar to this.
It was a long time ago.
Look.

About, uh, uh, uh.
Where is it?
I was.
It's right in the middle of the back of my hand.


Oh, yeah, sure enough.
Yeah.
Your shows.
Mine doesn't show.
Yeah.
Eventually it heals.
Well, actually, it's, you can't tell because of all the other ones.
Sort of.
Well, you know, the Yeti biology, we can absorb these things pretty well.
Hey, man, I just started.
Somebody was not Yeti by some strange coincidence.
Bring it along.
If this guy had no Yeti blood in him, then, oh, man, I'd hate to think Alf'd up
with me if I stuck this spike in him.
At this point, I have no friend in the universe.
It's Yeti blood.
You have no friend in the universe?
Bob is your friend.
Bob is your friend.




You paid him 20 bucks to be your pal.
But will he be the pal of young Reverend Joshua?
We'll find out on side two of show.
What do you mean?
Friends, we now return to the initiation of young Reverend Joshua at the hands of Dr.
Legume at Reverend Stan.
It's like a halfway faith.
It's a halfway knife.
You know, it's like being halfway pregnant.
There's no way.
There's no such thing.
It's all or nothing.
It's all or nothing, man.
All or nothing, man.
You gotta be willing to spill your blood on the stump for Bob.
Twenty dollars plus all.
Or nothing at all.
I mean, hey, man, the blood that soaks into this stump could be your own.
Go for it.
He's gonna prove this guy's got balls.
What blood type are you?
Jeff, by the way.
Well, see, that's the one thing, you know, when I was in New York and he was facing me
with that gun, I didn't bother to ask.
You would face a man with a gun, but not a knife.
Not a priest with a spike.
That's been said.
A cop in Baltimore actually said the same thing about tentatively inconvenience.
He said, I'd rather face a man with a gun than what I saw in that tunnel.
And it was just artwork, is all the guy was doing.
It was just artwork.
It was the worst smelling.
It's all performance art, man.
Yeah, it's just performance art.
It's just a gag.
You're part.
Like Penn and Teller, you know.
It's just a.
And you, young Joshua, your part is the bleeding man.
Yeah.
Yeah, you drew the wrong card, man.
When you pulled the wild card, you got.
You were.
You came up a joker.
Some are aces, some are jokers.
Yeah.
Does that mean that I'm going to be like impaled on this piece of wood just for your
sick amusement?
Bob's a joker too.
Bob is a joker.
People think he's an ace, but he's really a joker.
Yeah.
So, you know, he's your friend.
So, is Bob going to be your friend, man?
You paid him.
Yeah, or is Bob going to go, man, he came so close.
Keep it up.
He came so close.
Keep it up.
Keep it up.
He's talking to Bob again.
Keep what up, Bob?
Bob's not listening to you, man.
Keep what up, Bob?
You ain't put your hand on the stuff.
Bob's got Connie.
Bob's going down on Connie somewhere back in those trees over there.
I don't know why he does this to me.
He just circles buzzwords around my head and leaves me alone.
Yeah, that's, well, you won't do that anymore after this.
Oh, no.
That's what I'm hoping.
That's right.
Or kill me.
Or carry me.
There you go.
He's getting there.
He's getting there.
There's hope.
There's hope?
Okay, let's get this over with.
Come on, get tired of this.
Yeah, this is getting kind of old, man.
Well, I figured you guys probably wouldn't be ready to interpret the word dogs the way

He may not have that special spark.
He might have to go into it.
You are never going to get another chance like this.
He might have to go hard when he became this smiling face above my head while I was looking
at him.
He's babbling.
He's scared to death now.
There's laughter.
Come on, stick your hand on there.
Stick your hand on there.

Okay, there you go.
There.
I'm going to hold him in place.
I'm going to hold him in place.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Okay.
I got to put on the blinds.
Put on the blinds.

Put on the blinds.
Put on the blindfold.
J.R. Bob Dobbs and the flowers were sort of like spinning, grinning Dobbs heads while
they were looking around.
The final instruction.
The flowers were sort of like spinning, grinning Dobbs heads while they were looking around.

Looking down at me, this grinning figure.
Oh, okay.
Very important.
What was that?
What was that?

Okay, go ahead.
Dr. LeGames told him to keep his hands clear.


Keep it up, Bob.
Keep it up.
Because I didn't want to accidentally impale him while I was trying to impale you.
Keep it up.
Yeah, that's okay.
Okay.
The trembling is perfectly normal.
Okay.
I've trembled all my life.
No, okay.
See what I mean?
Yeah.
All right.
Dr. LeGames is lining up for the...
Your hand isn't on the stump anymore.
Your hand...
Look, his hand left the stump.
Is Bob keep pulling your hand off of the stump?
Why are you pulling your hand off of the stump?
It is not Bob that pulls your hand off...
Bob is drawing your hand to the stump.
Nege is pulling your hand from the stump.
Bob, good one.
Go towards the light.
There you go.
Okay, now put it there.
Now don't move it.
Don't move it.
All right.
Dr. LeGames is lining up.
Okay.
He's pulling the blindfold down.
I told you not to watch your fingers.
Captain Zegematic.
He's down into...
All right.
Okay.
Standing by.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
You want a countdown?
Your blindfold?
I didn't see you put that blindfold on.
Excuse me, sir.
Don't move your hand.
Excuse me, sir.
Don't move your hand.
Excuse me, sir.
All right.
That blindfold...
Test of faith.
Test of faith?
Where's your faith at?
What do you mean, excuse me, sir?
Excuse me who?
Are you talking to me?
Are you talking to Bob?
I felt a moment of doubt in this situation.
I'm sorry.




Your faith in Bob is shaken, isn't it?
As such, the faith was shaken.
Don't ask for forgiveness whatever you do, man.
Don't pray.
Don't pray.
That's the worst thing you can do.
They will draw down just the ones you don't want to be hearing you pray.
That's it, man.
They'll juice out of you like a stump will when I get done.
Okay.
I felt a moment of doubt.
No, no.
That's okay.
They always do.
They always feel the moment of doubt.
He did.
You can barely see that scar.
Yeah, this is true.
Reverend Stang.
Reverend Stang.
Okay.
I just want to make sure that you don't move.
Is this really necessary?
Yes, this is.
This is vital.
This is the most necessary thing that has ever happened to you in your life.
It's a beautiful thing, man.
No, no.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Now he's getting horrible stomach cramps of doubt.
No, you have to put him right back there.
We're getting big stangs of doubt and pain.
Yeah.
That's it.
He's got thousands.
Here you go.
All right.
Now don't move your fingers.
Don't clench your fingers.
No, man.
All right.
On your mark.
No way.
Get set.
In the name of J.R.
Bob Dobbs, Connie Dobbs, and the X's fighting team of Tova One.
And at that point, dear friends, in deference to the delicate sensibilities of the listener,
we tastefully must cut away and move on to other things.
I will say that Reverend Stang.
Joshua did not only survive, he passed the initiation with flying colors and in fact
went on to accompany Dr. Legume at that selfsame anti-cult festival where he comported himself
in accordance with the dignity and terrifyingness that is the birthright, yes, of the true subgenius,
the son or daughter of the Yeti.
So hail the good Reverend Joshua and certainly the great Dr. Legume.
As for what tape we will be hearing next, I have no idea.
Thank you.
Now, Reverend Stang's radio show got canceled recently down in Texas.
Acid is groovy.
Kill the pigs.
Well, it got canceled down in Texas by some nice man named Dr. Legume.
He was a man named Bobby who said that his show did not empower the common man.
Oh, no.
It doesn't empower the common man.
Well, I'm standing right here to tell you that this man's wrong because, hell, if it wasn't
for Reverend Stang's Church of the Subgenius, I'd have climbed that damn tower long ago
with a rifle.
Some of us already did.
Yeah.
And...
The church has come in on a lot of hard times recently and they need money.
Lots of money.
Lots of money.
Lots and lots of money.
And you all could think that...
We all need money.
You all could sit back and think, oh, it's another sales pitch for Reverend Stang.
But, hey, the longer Reverend Stang can put out the word, Bob, the longer there's going
to be people like me who are ready to climb the damn tower who are going to look around
and they're going to say to themselves, hey, we're going to do this.
Hey, it's time to take back what's mine.
It's time to take back my slack.
Does anybody here want to take back their slack?
Because you ain't going to just have it handed to you.
You got to take that slack.
You got to take that slack back.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah, little man.
We will see you with the spike later.
And you will see how well Bob will protect you.
See, I have my happy Bob shirt on today, don't I?
Oh, oh, I love Bob just as much as you.
Come into the darkness with me and my spike and I will show you how much Bob loves you,
little man.
He'll deprogram you Bob style.
You can laugh.
You can point your finger and you can talk about good old Bob and how happy it is that
you're out here with Bob.
And you can sit there and sing your happy little songs about Bob and the bleeding head
of Arnold Palmer.
But when that spike is sinking through your palm and you're whistling in the wind like
Jesus or finding some new way to jump off like this through your stigmata hole.
I like that.
And we'll see where Bob's going to take you.
And we'll see if Bob's going to protect you.
And we're going to see if you want your $60.
You want your triple your money back?
I tell you, if I had a bag full of 20s, I'd go through this crowd right now and I'd give
half of you your damn $60 back right now.
By the harvest.
Oh.
I'll be carrying my garbage out in a bag made of all of your skins tonight.
Oh.
Oh yes, Bob will have a use for you.
He'll make you into a corn on the cob hole.
He'll make you into a corn on the cob holder, little man.
He may make you into a corn on the cob holder.
You guys have to believe me, that was old history.
He'll make you the back end of his rotisserie.
Okay, this one's another one that takes a little bit of time to tell, but it is by far
the weirdest fucking thing that has happened to me since I joined the church of the subgenius.
Weird me out.
And it happened one Christmas when I had to beat up a man with no legs.
It was, had to have been 1990 or so.
I had a friend, Reverend Spider, who had introduced me to the church of the subgenius.
He gave me a copy of Hour of Slack number 51, the long awaited subgenius anti-drug special.
Nobody had internet back then, so it was a tape of a tape off a radio that was sent
from somebody to somebody else and then copied and sent to his brother and sent to me.
And that was how he had gotten me into the church.
And there's a long story behind that that I'll tell at another time.
But, Reverend Spider had joined the army and the first Gulf War was about to start and
Reverend Spider was a pretty cool guy.
I liked him, but he wasn't very bright and he wasn't very sturdy.
And so, Short Frank, my friend, and I decided to drive out to California and to Fort Ord
from New Jersey and break both of Reverend Spider's legs so that he wouldn't be able
to be sent off to war.
That was our Christmas present to him.
Short Frank was mean.
Short Frank was a mean, pissy, angry young man.
We called him Short Frank because when he was 12 years old, he was a little boy.
He was five years old.
He got hit by a train and both of his legs were cut off at the knee.
He was about 5'7", without legs.
With legs, he would have been probably about 6'6", 6'7", and probably about 325 pounds.
He was like a pro wrestler that needed to be continued.
And we are doing this.
We're driving across country, having a good old time, me and Frank are tight pals and
all.
And we made it as far as Flagstaff, Arizona.
And, never having been to Arizona, our picture of Arizona was pretty much what we saw in
Roadrunner cartoons.
We didn't think of snow in Arizona at all.
But here it was, Christmas in Flagstaff.
We stopped there for the night.
And that night, a storm came and dumped three feet of snow.

And the next morning, when I watched the weather report, there was another three feet
of snow that was going to arrive that night.
Well, in order to not be stuck in Flagstaff, Arizona for the entire winter, I decided,
I would, we decided to dig the car out and make a run for it before the other storm hit.
So I went out and I started to dig the car out.
And this motel door opened.
And four or five roads were closed.
And I was in the middle of the road.
And I saw a really nice Amish or Mennonite, I'm not sure which, men came out with shovels
and helped me dig that car out and push it out to the end of the parking lot where I
could take off.
And so I went back and I knocked on the door.
I was like, come on, Frank, I'm ready to roll.
And he came out and snapped.
I don't know where it came from.
He just started screaming at me.
Ew, what the fuck, man?
What's your problem?
If we get trapped somewhere, I'm going to die in this car.
I was like, we're not going back.

I was like, Frank, I am not staying in this fucking town with you until springtime.
I was like, if you want to stay here, fine.
But I'm taking a fucking car to the airport.
And he said, fuck you, man.
It's on.
And he shoved me.
And I said, there's no way I want to do this.
I don't want to sit here wrangling with this guy.
What do I do when Short Frank wants to fight?
Well, Short Frank didn't really give me much choice.
And so faster than Short Frank could even think,
I hit him twice so goddamn hard in the head
that the first shot took a chunk out of his forehead right at the eyebrow
about the size of a quarter that he still has missing.
The other one hit him right here in the cheekbone next to the eye
and blackened it and knocked him cold.
And I looked up from where I was hitting him,
and I was right in front of a giant plate glass window.
And on the other side of it,
all of the Amish women and children
were pressed up against the glass
with looks of utter aghast horror on their face.
I'd just beaten up a man with no legs on Christmas in front of them
after their dads helped me dig out the car.
And I grabbed Short Frank,
and I dragged him by the wrist to the car,
and I loaded him in there.
I just kidnapped the son of a bitch
right in front of all these people,
got in the car, and drove off.
We got onto the freeway,
and it was treacherous as fuck.
There was snow everywhere.
There were cars off the embankments.
There were gasoline trucks jackknifed.
All kinds of dangerous shit out there.
And I'm creeping through these cars
going down out of the Rocky Mountains.
And when I'd get to a low enough elevation
where there was no snow,
I'd stomp it up to 100 miles an hour
and gun it down that mountain.
And then it hit the snow 25, 10 miles an hour
and back down 100 miles an hour.
Did this for about 10 hours.
Got to the bottom of the mountain,
and I guess the part I had forgotten to mention
was when Frank woke up, he said,
I just want to let you know that if we crash anywhere,
I'm going to murder you.
I said, deal.
It's a deal.
It's good.
I'll get us out of here.
Well, we made it to California,
so I was like, well, I promised I'd get you out of there
without getting the car wrecked.
Well, getting to California,
I looked around, and there was nothing.
Nothing but flat.
And I was pretty sure that if I got beyond that,
there was even more flat.
And I looked down, and the gas gauge was on E.
And I start thinking to myself, hmm, what do I do now?
I mean, I promised him I'd get him down the mountain,
but so my deal's good.
What do I do if I run out of gas here
now that we're in California
before we can get where we're going?
I go, I know.
I'll just say, well, let's pull over to take a piss,
and when Frank gets out, I'll just take off.
I get 300, 400 yards, he'll never catch me.
So I'm thinking about this,
and suddenly on the horizon, a light blinks up.
And I'm like, huh.
I wonder what the hell that is.
Drive down toward it, I'm hoping, I'm hoping,
and there in the middle of nowhere is a crossroads.
There's nothing to be seen for as far as you can see
except for one gas station.
And I'm like, oh, damn, Bob, thank you.
We had been, as an aside,
we had been driving across country, staying at motels,
and at every motel, I would take the mirror
off the bathroom wall
and spray paint a Dobbs head on the wall behind it
and then put the mirror back.
We pulled up carpets and sprayed them on the floors.
We painted them on the underside of mattresses.
We took the ceiling tiles out
and painted on the inside of the acoustical tiles.
Well, Frank goes in to take a piss.
He comes out of the bathroom, and he says,
man, you gotta see what is in that fucking bathroom.
I was like, well, what is it?
He's like, just, you just gotta look.
And I went into the bathroom,
and I walked up to the stall to take a piss,
and there about six and a half feet up the wall
is a picture drawn in Sharpie marker of a little dog.
And hanging out of that dog's ass
is the back end of another little dog.
And underneath of it, it said,
written in little black Sharpie scrawl,
sometimes life is just like that.
Praise Bob.
So I certainly was aghast, you know.
I mean, what are the odds of being in that situation,
escaping just by the sheerest of luck,
and at the bottom of it, in a pisser,
far too high on the wall to have been done by a short Frank
in the ten seconds he was in there,
trying to arc up into the urinal.
So, uh...
That was probably one of the defining things
that made me stick with the church throughout the years,
is knowing that somewhere,
there's some kind of weird magnet
that keeps sticking to me whenever I get near Bob.
Praise Bob.
Thank you for your testimony, Dr. LeGim.
That was a wonderful chance to get a recording
of the short Frank.
The Frank story, and those other ones.
The hidden magnet.
That's your secret to subgenius success.
In case you're wondering about whether we actually made it to California,
we made it to California.
We pulled into Monterey, where my friend was stationed at Fort Ord,
and we didn't end up breaking his legs.
But from that trip, I learned that
you can scream loud enough in a motel to attract the police,
and a human shinbone
will actually flex really, really far without breaking.
But when you do that,
the screams just get louder.
So we decided to hell with it.
He could take his chances with Uncle Sam.
Uh...
One of the other weird things that happened is, uh...
As soon as we got into town,
and this is Monterey, California, mind you,
all the...everything froze, and the crops all died.
The orange crop was destroyed.
Everybody in town's pipes burst and exploded.
Coincidentally, about the time that this guy,
this giant, tattooed, shaved-headed biker with no eyebrows
rolled into town with his strange,
sawed-off little legless friend with the facial wounds.
So we got a lot of really strange looks from the locals,
and we tried to keep as low profile as possible.
I saw them building the giant, you know, straw man with no legs
that they were gonna burn in the middle of town.
I decided that we'd better cut our visit short.
But on the way back, we went through El Paso
and ate at Burger God Hunger Fucker.
Oh, right! Yeah, there were hardly any of those.
That is an amazing piece of luck,
because those were only open for, like, a couple of months
in, uh, three states, I think.
Oh, Burger God the Hunger Fucker was a...a fun place.
It was a fast-food restaurant owned by Dobbs back in the late 80s.
Yeah, they...they, uh...
He also, uh, manufactured a beer
called Beer God the Thirst Fucker.
And the thing was, of course,
you couldn't call things that in the late 50s.
That was just totally insane.
And all his lawyers and the trademark people, everybody said,
you know, what, what, don't do it.
But he...he said, no, it's the wave of the future.
The wave of the future. Wave of the future.
It's the way it's gonna be.
And, uh...
He was 100% right.
Yeah, he was ahead of his time.
Uh, and, of course, the business failed terribly
because of the weird peculiarities of insurance
and some other completely unrelated lawsuits
involving all of the investors.
He ended up making a lot
of, uh...a lot more than he lost.
Uh, it's...it's hard to describe how these things work out.
You know, rich people understand these things,
or they hire people who...who can work all that stuff out.
I've noticed that the Church of the Subgenius
doesn't have many of those.
All that aside, though, it was a hell of a fucking burger,
let me tell you.
This thing...
I couldn't believe the size of it.
It was like a meat Frisbee between two pancakes.
I ordered, like, two double cheeseburgers,
me and a great big-ass biker.
We ended up having...
I put one of them under the car seat
and ate it in Louisiana.
And it was still good.
Actually, it was still warm,
which is strange to leave a hamburger under your car seat
for two days in the dead of winter
and have it come out piping hot.
But I guess that's just the...
How much were...how much were they?
It was a dollar seventy-five.
I think each one of those sandwiches
had to have weighed at least four pounds.
It's like he had gotten a recipe for a quarter pounder
and he, like, torn one of the numbers off of...
Does that shit all the time, doesn't he?
Tears one number off everything, fucks everything up.
That probably shouldn't...
It shouldn't have been a four pounder,
it should have been a quarter pounder.
It should have been...
I'm surprised it wasn't a 40 pounder for 15 cents.
The heart fucker.
I heard they had a real special, though.
For $35, you could get 1,998 of those hamburgers.
Coincidence or conspiracy?
The thing is, though, that was true.
And three times 666 is 1,998.
Or two times 999.
Or six times 333.
All those add up to 1,998.
You're confusing peas.
You denounced numerology as entirely bogus.
It's all coincidence.
Yes.
This was set in motion by God at the Big Bang
so he could sit back and experience all of it.
Including the bad trips when people figure it out
and go, oh, Jesus, fuck, what have I done?
But you probably already knew that.
Praise the late Dr. Legume,
the subgeniuses he saved,
and Bob.
And you can, too,
friends, at subgenius.com.
See you on the sauces.
Okay, friends on the internet,
where I can flog or swag legally,
if you want to help yourself
and the Church of the Subgenius
and get a pretty cool package
with like 25 different nifty things in it,
like pins and bumper stickers
and a real preacher card,
you need to go to subgenius.com
and click to become a minister.
You'll see photos and a list of all the stuff you get.
And you really do get to go to the Scrub Genius Forum,
which is members only.
And where we talk in ways
that people don't talk on Facebook.
Much, much smarter ways, ironically enough.
Isn't that funny?
We also have things like T-shirts
and damn near everything you can think of
with Bob's face on it.
That and a huge selection of other subgenius graphics.
And we sell several very weird DVDs and CDs
of the Bob songs
and old MP3 stashes of this show.
And best of all,
from our main online store,
you can buy the book of the subgenius,
which is by far the greatest thing we've ever done.
It's an actual Simon & Schuster book,
22 bucks in print for over 30 years.
And every copy that we send out
is signed by yours truly.
For that matter,
your address on the puffy envelope
is handwritten by me also.
Keep my fingers nimble.
That's subgenius.com
and remember,
it's only money.
