Your attention, ladies and gentlemen, your attention, please.
Announcing the arrival of the...
The Genius Power Girls!
What?
I don't like it, Joe.
Yeah, me too.
We'll just have to sweat this out.
Handle whatever it is when it happens.
Joe, maybe if you went to him and said that you had to change your mind about...
Bob?
The Genius Power Girls!
He turned to another true love of real estate discipline.
The guy who's first used cocaine.
The wild boy breaking free.
He'll end up in a court of law as a prosecuting QC.
Remember the school captain?
Success is waiting in line.
I can hear him now as he screams...
Greg!
You missed the stop sign!
Forget Snoop Doggy Dog!
Forget Old Ice T!
The true word out there is produced by the DOT.
What's the use of striving?
Life's road up front unravels.
We get to do the driving.
Don't choose the direction we travel.
Do your homework.
Wait for weeks.
Who cares about how awesome the name is.
Why you should've left.
In a fucking прикue break.
Just forget it.
Nobody thinks I survive.









We're coming from the 조소는장에
bought a car the other day man could that baby run
but you know what it's like they always say there's always a better one
got a tumor in my brain it's creeping to my lungs and I search
for out in Greece could find me a better one
okay

Okay, that was a challenge.
That was the end of the show.
Now we can start another show.
No, seriously.
Now we can start another show.
Right now?
Yeah.
We can start another show right now if we want to.
But we don't have to.
It's so great to be with you both tonight together.
I'd just like to make one thing perfectly.
I'd like to make you opaque.
Opaque?
If possible, you're too translucent.
I need you to be opaque.
Can you?
I can be opaque.
Can you, Reverend Stein?
Can you be opaque?
I'm as clear as an azure sky in summer.
Nay, I can never be opaque.
I can only be transparent, like a jellyfish or a water bubble
or the invisible man in a snowstorm.
I didn't know that water buffaloes had snowstorms.
No, a water bubble.
A water bubble.
They're doubled up.
A snowstorm of soap bubbles.
That's me.
A bubble within a snowstorm of soap bubbles.
A hollowness.
I can only be seen by my own absence.
Yeah, but luckily you can't be seen by your own absence.
Oh, he says.
You know that?
I don't know that.
There he went.
He's gone.
Then you'd be like Alfred Jari, walking around,
pronouncing humanities to the wind.
Or other invisible...
Were you saying he was being viewed by his absence?
His absence?
Yeah.
Dave is floating to and fro, closer to the phone and then farther and farther away.
No!
I've never had to change volumes so much.
No, Dave.
Really?
It seems like my face is in one place.
Well, your voice is going away.
It comes and goes.
Sometimes you whisper.
And I have to turn it way, way, way up.
Luckily, I have an automatic gain control.
So that kind of fakes it all to make it almost seem like I know what I'm doing.
Or can fix it in post at the very least.
You don't have to do quite as much.
Now, that is weird because I am resting the phone on my shoulder.
I don't have it firmly in one spot.
But you see, it's Dave's patented dynamic sound.
He has a sound wavery.
He only sounds that good when he's sick.
And that's why the boss keeps him that way.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
That's why they brought that blue paper to him that had the virus on it.
That makes him go like that.
See how his voice sounds like...
Uh-huh.
That's...
Yeah.
That's sound engineering using disease.
Ew.
Ew.
How do you think they got me to sound this way?
Why I can't run up a hill anymore?
Because you're diseased.
Yeah.
Well, that makes my voice sound like this, though.
See?
Smooth radio.
Yeah.
Or maybe not.
How do I know?
Everything I hear sounds like hearing aids.
He's making up.
He runs up hills all the time.
If you only had a cerebral cortex to beat the beans with.
No longer.
I did.
I had one.
I had a big one.
Yep.
But then I became a subgenius.
Joined the church as subgenius.
Yes, sir.
Bob took that cerebral cortex away and gave me this big polished mahogany pipe.
He didn't put anything in it.
I had to fill it myself.
And that was his lesson.
Did you have a cheesy medulla oblongata?
The flavor of which is...
Well, I've still got one of those or I wouldn't be able to breathe.
Yeah.
Okay.
Then how about something more transformative like a cerebral gong or corpus callosum?
No, I don't need that.
We don't need that in Trump's America.
You don't need the whole front half of your skull anymore.
You can just scoop it all out, pack it down, slope it.
Unfortunately, it's sad but true.
Yeah.
In fact, it's going to be a real serious setback the more you appear to be educated or smart.
So I would suggest kids, starting now,
try to avoid wearing...
Wearing glasses or using big words or any French phrases or scientific references.
Try to keep your conversation on the level of TV commercials, the latest show, that cool new VR game.
And you'll be fine at the office.
Act like a dumb mob and they'll treat you as an equal.
Has never been more true.
It will be the...
You have to...
Say?
It's as true now as it was when Bob first said it in 1953.
It's always been true and it's more true now than ever it has been, as you said.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Hail Connie.
Princess, we need to do something about your microphone because the peas are pathetically powerful.
And plosive.
Pathetically powerful and plosive.
I don't hear the plosive popping sound.
I hear...
That orange baboon sound.
That kind of like grunting, uh, rectal foot bump sound.
Well, what I was about to say is that it will be the did generation.
Dumb it down.
Did.
Dumb it down.
Dumb it down.
Dumb it down.

Did.
It'll be the did generation.
Dumb it down.
Dumb it down.
Yeah.
Duh, bruh.
Duh, bruh.
That's yesterday's phrase.
Duh, bruh.
Duh.
Go away.
I'm biting.
I'm biting.
I've heard three people use duh, bruh.
And three people use orange baboon today.
And I think that's synchronistic and wonderful and mild and all.
To know that at least there are some people who share my inexorable recluse or recluse,
or inclusion into the body's politic.
And I'm happy that Mr. Tumpy has...
Has...
A new job.
Yeah.
Yeah, you said the right thing.
That's good, Dave.
You're learning.
Yeah, yeah.
You're learning.
You must have lost some brain cells this week.
That's good.
Someone did stab me in the forehead.
Yeah, you'll fit in much better.
You're going to fit in much better in this new world.
It's a sub-subgenius world now.
Yeah.
Where now when people...
When you say, well, I'm actually in a funny group called Church of the Subgenius.
They go, oh, you think you're a genius, huh?
No, no, no.
I said, subgenius.
You know, that...
Oh, smarty pants.
Why don't you join?
I guess I'm not smart enough for Mensa.
No, no, no.
It's a joke.
You know, think about it.
Subgenius.
You mean just under a genius?
Oh, you think you're some kind of a genius.
No, no.
No, just the opposite.
Just the opposite.
We're making fun of people who think they're a genius.
Oh, you make fun of people because you think you're all smarty-party than they are, don't you?
Well, you know what I say about you?
I think you're stupid.
Stupid, stupid, stupid.
The stupidest.
The stupidest person I've ever seen.
You don't talk good.
I actually saw a guy say that to an immigrant employee.
You don't talk good?
Some guy working at a 7-Eleven in Dallas who happened to have an Asian type of accent
had to listen to a redneck go, you sure don't talk good.
And when the redneck went away, I said, I'm sorry.
Do you get that a lot?
He goes.
Oh, no.
Eh, eh, eh.
Eh.
Eh.
In other words, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, but all you Americans are jerks anyway.
Why did I ever come here?
Yeah, but I just shake it off.
You sure don't talk good.
Eh.
Does you.
Something like that.
You know, it's just like the, oh, God.
What?
Well.
I've learned to love it, though.
I've learned to love the contradictions.
The paradox is, yes, it is like an Alfred Jari novel, though, isn't it?
See?
We can just look at it that way.
It's not like there's really.
It's serious fascism happening or destruction of our democratic standards or lowering of
all standards in general.
It's nothing like an unstoppable snowball of ignorance leading to something like the
Dark Ages, only worse.
So, no, no.
Everything's just fine.
We'll just keep doing this comedy show.
That's it.
It's.
A comedy show.
If you can wrap your mind around it, then you can certainly wrap your brain as a visceral
actual object around a small piece of paper and write yourself a note to forget about
it.
That's what's necessary.
And that's what we all need to do today.
And put a stamp on it and mail it to Santa for all the good it's going to do you.
Yep.
Oh, well put, man.
Love it.
That says it right there.
Mail it to Santa for all the good.
And it's going to do you.
It could do you some good, but it's not likely.
A little dobsle do you.
That's an old one, isn't it?
Oh, yeah.
I was thinking the other.
I was commiserating with my friend, the 88-year-old, that if you say, sorry, Charlie, only people
over 55 even get the reference.
It was from a tuna commercial.
Charlie.
Yeah.

Yeah.
Sorry, Charlie.
We're not looking for tuna with good taste.
We're looking for tuna that tastes good.
Tastes good.
Yeah.
Well, that doesn't mean anything to anybody but very old people.
And so our usefulness is now at an end.
We must be put out to pasture.
We're replaced and supplanted by a younger generation.
Because of those damn tuna commercials.
Those damn commercials ruined my life.
Sorry, Charlie.
Sorry, Dave.
We're not looking for subgeniuses with good taste.
We're looking for subgeniuses that taste good.
That's the new way.
The Morlocks.
We're going to start eating them?
Well, what?
Are you going to be a Morlock or an Eloy?
What are you going to be?
You're going to have to.
You can still make that decision, that choice now.
Are you going to be a Moron?
A Moron.
I'm going to be a Merlot.
I'll be a wine.
I'm going to be a winer.
I'll be a Merlot, too.
I'll be a Pinot Grigio.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
A fine-aged Pinot Grigio.
Oh.
Oh.
With a fine nose.
And a good heft.
We need a good heft?
Yes.
A wine with a fine heft.
A good, heavy heft to it.
Here, let me heft it.
I am not.
Ah.
Let me gargle it.
Ah.
Mmm.
Is that when you, like, swirl the wine around in the glass and then, like, sniff it and then
swirl it around?
No, that's when you cup it in your hand.
The apricots and the undertaste of rind berries and dog food.
Now my mouth is watering.
I'm just drooling for it.
Mmm.
Chicken pie.
Chicken pie.
Oh, I spelled that wrong.
That would be an unusual vintage.
I just heard some people talking about Trump and they believed some of the stuff he said.
And when it came to the Russian hacksters, they were like, what difference does it make?
It doesn't have anything to do with our election.
No, that was the point of it, in fact.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So you're...
Right.
That's what they do, though.
They go, well, so what?
That doesn't matter.
And you bring up things that really, really matter and they go, so what?
That doesn't matter.
Yeah.
And the horrible thing is half the reporters they're talking to go, oh.
I know.
That's very, very sad.
That's the sickest, saddest thing is they've just folded without any kind of a fight at
all.
A lot of them.
Not all of them.
That's what I...
I...
I believe all of them.
And we'll be in the Patriot camps with those folks, those brave reporters who dare to go,
but the world is definitely not flat.
Well, it's not what you scientists said.
No, no scientist ever said the world was flat.
Wouldn't...
What does it matter?
He won fair and square.
No, it wasn't fair and square.
But that doesn't matter.
Yeah.
That's what Bill Gates said to Steve Jobs in theory.
If the movie Pirates...
Pirates of Silicon Valley is to be believed in the very last lines of dialogue, Steve
Jobs goes, our stuff is better.
And Bill Gates goes, that doesn't matter.
And Gates was right.
And so was Jobs.
I just really ticked off a whole lot of PC users.
I've been using Macintosh stuff since 1984 and I love it.
I can use any...
I can use any Windows or Linux system.
I can operate any computer system.
All I have to do is look at it for a little while.
It's all self-explanatory.
If you're a machine man, and I happen to be one of those.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You are.
You are.
I'm a mechanical man.
Two mechanical arms.
Two mechanical legs.
One half of a...
Mechanical brain.
And what is the other half, my friend?
Devo.
Oh.
Devo was right about everything.
I should cut to that song.
Only I don't have my copy of anything here.
It's probably on the internet.
What song would you cut to right now?
Devo is right about everything by the Attery Squash.
Oh.
And they were.
They were.
And it is time to...
Replay that song.
Yes.
Celebrate the golden age in which we're living.
Your opinion counts and freedom is key.
Sadly, this has led to art and sport and politics being led by people ill-equipped to breathe.
There was a group who could have saved us from this ignominy.
There was a group and they were really ignored.
They saw the future and they pointed...
out the problems if the people took the point we'd now be reaping the rewards.
Devo was right about everything, Devo were telling the truth.
Devo was right about everything, Devo was sure to stop you.
If you have ever raged against conformity, or hate the way our leaders treat us with sport.
You see society regress before your very eyes, Devo was on your side before you were born.
Devo was right about everything, Devo were through the world roads.
Devo was right about everything, Devo was sure to stop you.

Come and sing with us everyone.
Devo was right about everything, Devo called it correct.
Devo was right about everything, and as such deserves our respect.
How many people here tonight believe that de-evolution is real?
And we just can't even believe it.
I'm sorry to remind you, are we not men?
Are we not men?
Are we not men?
Are we not men?
Devo was right about everything, Devo was never in the wrong.
Devo was right about everything, Devo was sure to stop you.
And if that's true, then we really all do.
So in thirty seconds turn this music up, and go on and do what Deevo would do..
DEE-e-e-va, Dee-e-e-va, DE-e-e-e-va...
Dee-e-e-va, Dee-e-e-va D-E-e-e-e-va, Dee-e-e-va...
Even the kiss is no grandpa's is.

Devo, Devo, Devo, Devo, Devo, Devo
Devo was right about everything
I know, you don't have to look very far for the evidence
They were doing that song probably almost ten years ago
But Devo is righter about everything now than they ever were before
Yeah, they're more righter
Yeah, much more righter
The whole world has become more righter
According to some terrible writers that I know
But I don't agree
I think it's becoming wronger
And this show is getting longer and longer
But that's okay
Because I can always cut to this
This is Timothy Leary reminding you that just as you need slack
Slack
Bob needs your help
Send in those pledges
And praise Bob
And that was fill in the blank
Yes, Reverend Fill in the blank submitted that wonderful piece
Thing
And now this
See, I'm doing all the credits
Good old Reverend Fill in
I remember him well
Good old Reverend credits
Fill in the blanks
Fill in the blanks
That was great
Fill us in the blow hammers
That was another great band
Fill us in the blow hammers
Don't make music like they used to
It just sounds like noise
Well, they never did make music
It was all just making noise
Praise Bob
And you happened to think it was music
Na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na
Wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, waah

They tell us that we lost our tails evolving up from little snails.
I think it's all just wind and sails.
Are we not men?
We are Devo.
Are we not pins?
D-E-V-O.
I can't even spell Devo anymore.
That's Devo.
That is Devo.
When you can't spell Devo.
When you can't from the last thousand years ago, you would say,
let's crawl through a band like Devo.
Devo.
Devo.
Devo.
I either abstractly argue with one of those arguments.
Devo.
Devo.
Well, actually, I've heard the Devo's say Devo.
They don't actually say Devo.
They say Devo sometimes.
You're a bunch of mob.
Oh, jeez.
See, Dave knows he's Dave.
Dave transcended the broadcast rules now.
Because he's on his phone.
I was actually trying to say Kent.
No, you could probably.
Mob?
State.
He said crunt.
Crunt.
Yeah, crunt.
There's nothing.
Anybody can say crunt.
Although, nowadays, the kids all say scrum.
Scrum.
Yeah, the kids all say scrum now.
Yeah, crunt is the old school scrum.
Spum was like the 70s.
Old school scrum.
Spum was pre-crunt.
What is scrum?
What is scrum?
Before.
Huh?
Besides in rugby.
What is scrum?
Scrum.
Well, it's what used to be called crunt.
But they changed it.
As rightly they should.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Duh, bruh.
Duh, bruh.
Duh, bruh.
Duh, bruh.
Deborah, duh, bruh.
So, are we talking about marginally bad words?
Or are we talking about red lights and popsicles?
No, we're talking about scrum and crunt.
And the earlier spum.
Spum.
Yes, and I spummed all over everywhere.
Or, oh, sorry, I crunted again.
Or, hey, do you have any more of that scrum?
You know.
Come on, Dave, get with it.
Don't you know what's happening?
Yeah, okay, okay.
Next thing he's going to say, he doesn't even know what
is.
I don't know what is.
See?
I told you I can predict what people are going to say.
I can predict.
I can know what people are going to say.
I can predict what people are going to say.
Did you know that, Princess?
Oh, you.
I know what every word that everyone's going to say,
I already know.
There was someone who told Princess Wee that,
and they were serious.
Absolutely serious.
They said, I should be a presenter at Starwood,
and you should pay me, or at least let me in for free,
because I have this talent.
I know what everyone's going to say before they say it.
But the next words out of Princess Wee's mouth
disproved that.
What did you say to her, Wee?
Did you tell her to go fondle, you know, to remove her parts
from the cavity?
She probably said, well, you'll just have to submit an
application and describe your talents.
I told her.
I knew you were going to say that.
Well, then why didn't you just hand me the application,
dumbass?
I told her that she would have had to have been presenting
her class on Krunt.
For?
For a great long time, and had lots of attendees,
and maybe had some videotapes of the classes,
and just so that we can see what it is that she's doing,
and of course...
Well, she knew you were going to say that.
So again, why didn't she just give you the presentation
first?
She should have.
Right.
She doesn't really know what people...
For instance, she didn't know that the last thing
she was going to do was to give you the presentation.



The first thing she would hear at Starwood was,
you are not ever allowed back onto this campground ever again.
No, she didn't know that.
Well, see...
She didn't know that.
But that did happen to her?
Someone observed her?
Yeah, it was after she...
Well, she took the LSD and physically attacked a whole
bunch of people.
I guess she was angry that they didn't say what she knew
they were going to say.
Yeah.
Some psychics can be troublesome, you know,
when things don't go their way.
You'd think they would know ahead of time,
but it's funny how that works.
Yes.
I quit making predictions in 1998 myself.
Well, I still make predictions,
but I don't expect anything to come true or not.
Head or tails.
Head or tails, yep, that's it.
He was right.
Damn, Dave's magic.
He is magic.
He knows all.
He's omniscient.
That's our Dave.
Well, we've done two shows worth of show now.
Really?
Yeah, just about.
I'm going to cut to some really good ranting from X-Day.
It's my voice, but it's not my rant.
It's good Reverend Rogers' rant.
He should be called something like the real royal Reverend
Rogers instead of good Reverend Rogers.
The regal Rogers.
Yeah, just more .
I have to build up so much force to do a Spanish .
Yeah, I have to force it.
It takes me half a second just to get it going.
Like dog.
Dog is .
Right?
See how I have to force it like a stutterer?
But .
You know, the cats are like,








.
A purring is a cat.
Gato.
Gato.
Gato.
Pero.
No, see I .
Pero, pero.
Butt dog.
See, you have to make a differentiation because one's got two R's, the other one has three
small teeth.
Right.
But some of us can't do the rolling R's very well.
We fall over when we try to do it or we get out of breath.
And it just comes naturally if you're born Spanish speaking.
Yeah.
I'm not a good Spanish speaker or even a good second language Spanish speaker, but I'm not
good.
My tongue won't like that unless I .
Now I can't stop.
Oh, okay.
That was close.
Don't let me say .
Again.
Oh.
My grandfather had the worst stutter in the whole world.
And I'm lucky that mine is only . . .
Kind of a sentence length stutter rather than whole words.
You know what else we're lucky about?
We went through these whole two shows without a single damn it.
Woof.
Oh yeah.
Where is damn it?
I think he's outside freezing.
How does he do that?
I don't know.
Our dog went out on an 18 degree day and curled up in the grass to take a sun bath.
Yeah, a nap.
He took a nap in 18 degrees weather.
Dogs love cold.
Oh, this got wind . . .
And it was 24, so it actually was warmer here than it was there.
Yes.
Yes.
All day long it has been.
It was 24 here today, which is not toasty by any means, but . . .
No, my mom's pansies went plot right on their faces.
Yesterday in North Texas it was 78 degrees around 1 o'clock in the afternoon,
and by midnight it was 18 degrees.
They did a similar thing here.
It was a blue norther that came in, and the trees started blowing and waving in the wind
so hard that it scared me and it made the dog wildly excited, and he just went prancing
and leaping and spinning around in the air and howling and barking and,
let's go, this is the best weather, if only it would rain it would be perfect.
It's freezing cold, let's go explore everything.
He's 11 years old, that's 77 in human years, but he acted like the time was right.
He's the funniest puppy.
They love the cold, they love that frigid, they love it.
He's wearing the same coat that he wears on 100 degree days.
Yeah, I know, it's weird.
I saw a guy playing with his dog the other day when it was 10 here,
and he was playing fetch the stick and the dog didn't seem to know that it was 10 degrees
and just went and fetched the stick.
Well, don't we all fetch the stick
when the big man throws it?
Are we so different from that little dog?
Fetching that stick, feeling that that makes his life so meaningful
when it is in fact infinitely pointless.
Yes, yes, yes.
Yes, like the Chihuahua trying to go after a Great Dane.
It is fruitless and will not happen.
The Chihuahua?
She meant Chihuahua.
The Chihuahua trying to mount the Great Dane.
Yes.
Leaping fruitlessly, vainly.
I know exactly how that Chihuahua feels.
Or viciously attacking a pit bull.
Right, yeah.
Yeah.
They're crazy.
They are crazy.
What do the Mexican people thought of them as food to make you feel warmer in the cold weather?
What?
Some Mexicans used to eat dog, meaning Chihuahuas,
in the winter time to make themselves warmer.
Oh, I've been offered dog up in South Dakota.
I don't know why I turned it down, honestly.
It was the only chance I would ever have to say,
oh, I've eaten dog.
It was some Lakota folks.
And they were having a celebration.
And these were really old school.
And they had strangled a puppy and made soup of it for a religious ceremony.
And the guy walked around with a pot going,
hot dog, get them while they're hot.
Man.
I'm glad they didn't partake.
But I did eat some strange food substances one time at a restaurant in Cleveland Heights,
a Chinese restaurant.
And I ate cat, I believe, because it was in the paper a few days after I had it.
Oh, so see Princess Wee, I told you.
No.
Every time I see a dead cat, I go,
oh, that's going to be a,
sure we're going to pick that up for the Chinese restaurant.
She thinks I'm kidding.
No!
It can't be.
So you ate there and then later read about it?
I said that they got in trouble for using cats.
You're shattering my illusions of things being the way they should be.
Why in the hell would somebody not just buy a freaking chicken?
Why would they go to all the trouble to kill a cat?
Oh, roadkill.
No, they won't kill it.
They just, people bring the cats in.
Didn't you bring cats to Chinese restaurants when you were a kid?
Yeah, I brought them in there to play mahjong with the old lady.
Oh, no.
You know, you'd see some redneck deliberately run over a cat.
Which I've seen twice, by the way, in my life.
I have not seen that.
Then you go grab, you take the cat's corpse and you go to the nearest Chinese restaurant.
Actually, I'm kidding.
Because we didn't have any Chinese restaurants in my neighborhood in Fort Worth when I was growing up.
Oh, that's deprived.
No, I saw that in a movie that was set in, what, Xenia, Ohio?
Called Gummo.
Remember Gummo?
Gummo and his buddy would collect cats from the road and take them to the Chinese restaurant.
She doesn't believe that there's such a thing as cannibal rednecks either.
There is no such thing as cannibal rednecks.
Oh, Texas Chainsaw Massacre, that's only a movie.
He makes that stuff up just to scare me.
That's only a movie.
It's not true, Dave.
Yeah, it sounds like it's true to me.
I'm afraid you're going to have to lose your toll from now on.
Well, we really have recorded over an hour and I have to go now.
Okay.
Or soon.
I'm sucking pretty bad as far as verbiage is concerned.
Oh, no, no.
Actually, it's fine.
I think we've been having a private conversation for the last 20 minutes, but that's okay.
We'll see.
I don't know.
I might put it on the next show after Christmas.
Who cares if it's a private conversation?
If they don't want to join in, then they can just be on the outside.
Well, you know, the Puzzling Evidence Show often does sound like a show.


It should be a private conversation and not on the public airwaves, but it's at 5 in the morning.
Who cares?
It's at 5 in the morning.
Well, we should go.
We should go, though, because you have to get to work tomorrow, don't you?
Yes.
And I have to edit all the f***ing jobs out of this show I've been editing.
And I'm making gingerbread castles.
Oh.
For my grandsons to decorate.
Oh, boy.
I bet they never had it so good.
Well, they have been slowly moving up.
First, it was gingerbread houses.
Last year, it was gingerbread barns, and now it's gingerbread castles.
Yeah, they had houses for the first few years.
It's a big deal.
They get to decorate them.
They had public housing before, yeah.
She presents the undecorated.

They have a public house to them, and then they get to put gumdrops and peppermint sticks
and fake snow made of sugar.
It's the only art project where all the materials are edible candy.
You're putting some children into some pretty weird predicaments by stealing their teeth
like that.
Oh, you should have seen them at Halloween.
Oh, man.
They got their little sweet tooth satisfied briefly.
Savagely.
Well, their mom had to look at every single thing they eat before they put it in their mouth.
I didn't think that they'd get to eat any of it until they got home.
They tried to while they were out there, but their mom was like,
No! No! We have to wait till we get home and make sure there has no razor blades in it.
You know how those trolls are.
That turned out to be a big myth.
It used to be a big myth, apparently because of the, you know, now it's cool to be a bully and a troll and a coward
and, you know, monkey wrench everything and call it a day.
You know, you lost other people a lot of money because you're a troll because it's funny for the lulz.
Those things actually are happening.
It was an urban myth and it's not anymore.
Yeah, that is true.
Well, okay, we should get off the phone.
Okay.
Okay, Dave, we're going to say bye.
And I'm going to give you Reverend Ivan Stang, who is going to perform for you an entirely new rant.
Never before entrusted unto the agency of recording apparatus.
Listen and wonder.
This rant is by one of my favorite subgenius rant writers, the good Reverend Roger, or Roger N.A.
And it was published on Scrub Genius.
But it's a great rant.
And I just want to share it with y'all.
Special Snowflakes by the good Reverend Roger.
Okay, so you look around this place and it's basically a pop-up book for DSM-5.
Normal people don't do what we do.
They don't think the way we think.
They do normal things.
And they talk about normal events, i.e. Miley Cyrus and other world-shattering occurrences.
Just about everyone here has something wrong with their wiring.
And that's okay.
I think normal is pretty overrated and I think most of you do too.
However, there's a difference between having a problem and becoming that problem.
The brain flukes do not define me as a person.
I'm not an insomniac, come to think of it, so much as a guy who has insomnia.
I reject the labels associated with these conditions because while they are part of me, they aren't me.
Imagine if you were at a party and some guy came up and said,
Hi, I'm John. I'm mildly bipolar.
You know right then how the evening's going to go.
Everything you discuss will somehow be related to that person's disorder.
Boring!
Flee now while you have the chance!
Likewise with, quote, autistic, unquote.
If you're really autistic, we'll know.
I have two cousins who are fairly badly autistic and they'll never sneak up on you with that fact.
You know it from the minute you meet them.
They don't see much of a need to announce it, mostly on account of the fact that they don't see much of a need to announce anything to anybody.
Now, I'm not talking about the average person.
I'm talking about the average asshole that kicks the door in babbling about how insane they are.
That's a different thing altogether and can be easily solved with a pillowcase full of combination locks applied liberally.
Instead, I'm referring to people who actually do have difficulties and who allow these difficulties to define who they are.
Worse, those who use their difficulties as an excuse to rain shit down on those around them
and hide behind those difficulties when retrobed.
And, of course, that's when self-indulgence comes around.
What this is, in all but the most severe cases, is self-indulgence.
Instead of exerting your personality to be interesting or persuasive,
or instead of Saturday night with your pants around your ankles and a stupid grin on your face,
you're using your issues to avoid being you.
To avoid the work and the blood pissing and the rage spewing that is part and parcel of being in this strange religion in these strange times.
Yeah, I know that real issues present real problems, some of which can be overcome and some of which can't.
But, I gotta say, there's a whole lot of won't involved too.
And a fair amount of, look at me!
And I might add a whole lot of, I failed at X because of my issues,
instead of, I failed at X because I was given an excuse.
Granted, a lot of this sort of attitude has been ingrained into people by their well-meaning parents.
My folks, for example, took one look at my weirdness and hustled me off to the local pill pusher to be labeled hyperactive,
or ADD, or ADHD, or whatever the fuck it's called now.
The pusher agreed, and they tried to feed me Ritalin.
Herman Gehring would have been proud of my trick of hiding the pill behind my back molar until I could spit it out.
Then they tried all manner of well-intentioned,
socially-intentioned,
sexually-crippling things on me about, quote,
what I could manage and what I couldn't.
I didn't listen, and made such a thing out of being my own weird self that they finally shipped me off to
The Terrible Old Man,
which was about to happen anyway, based on their schedules on the research vessel.
The Terrible Old Man had the cure.
He worked me until I was too tired to be a pain in the ass,
and accepted no excuses for anything.
Funny thing is, I don't know to this day if I was or am hyperactive,
and it doesn't matter.
Now, I was very fortunate to be handed off to a Depression-era human.
Not everyone has that option.
But what you can do is develop, as I originally developed,
a Depression-era human inside your own skull.
Put him back behind your limbic system.
He won't eat much.
And then, every time the special snowflake thing comes up,
imagine the look he's giving you.
It's something like this.
And here is a picture of Clint Eastwood from Gran Torino going.
And every time you make an excuse for yourself, imagine his response to that excuse.
Conversely, every time you whack society in the balls,
or take that fucking Saturday night and run it right at the fucking wall,
think about the old bastard cheering you on.
Because what those fuckers did know how to do was have a good time.
And one thing they didn't know how to do was take shit from anyone.
Your issues are part of you.
There's no denying that.
Whether you run those issues or let those issues run you
is the only thing in question here.
Primates are pack-based animals.
And there's no denying that humans are a form of primate.
Thing is, the pack in the brains of a primate has a finite size.
This has been referred to by others as the monkey sphere.
Outside of which, you simply don't give a shit.
Now, given a world population of around 7.23 billion humans,
and given, for example, a national population of 312 million humans,
it's damn near impossible to think of the world
or even your nation as your tribe.
Even the patriotic yahoos always take a moment
to exclude those who aren't, in their opinions, real Americans.
Generally, that means everybody who doesn't agree with me on everything.
So naturally, humans go off looking for other criteria for a tribe.
In today's society, the easiest tribal banner to rally under is the cause.
The cause can be any number of things, but almost always requires a uniform
of one kind or another.
Feminism, militant transgenderism, quote-unquote,
tea-baggerism, etc.
Now, some of these are not bad concepts in and of themselves,
but the problem begins when the cause is taken by its adherents
as existing in a vacuum.
The sole criteria for being in the tribe is whether or not you adhere religiously
to the cause.
And the only way to gain status in the tribe is to be the biggest whack
in the world.
And that's the only job in sight.
I will give two examples.
One, tea-baggerism.
To be a proper tea-bagger now, you have to be the one sprinting
farthest past the right wing and into crazy-town USA population you.
If there's anyone else near you, you have failed and are probably
some kind of crypto-liberal fifth columnist.
Second example, militant transgenderism.
To be in the tribe,
you have to espouse the exact same hate used by those who indulge in gay panic.
That is to say, you not only can hate, you must hate,
rationalizing that hate as fear-driven.
If you aren't spewing hate for those unlike yourself,
then you're some kind of wishy-washy cookie-seeker or ally,
said with a sneer, mind you.
In both cases, you can only be a special snowflake by being not only under the
blanket, but in the dead center of the blanket,
huffing the maximum atmospheric density of the tribe's farts.
It's not activism, it's narcissism.
And an outsider can see this from a mile away as the special snowflakes involved
puff up like a frog at the first sign of an opposing view,
no matter how correct or incorrect.
Furthermore, the special snowflake's greatest wrath is reserved not for outsiders,
but for those who are doing it.
And they do it wrong.
Another good tell for a special snowflake is whether or not they're there to defend
that other guy.
cultural appropriation.
If someone laughs at the white trust fund baby wearing dreadlocks,
well, that's a natural reaction to someone who looks like a dumbass.
On the other hand, watching an equally white person go rigid with indignation
and then erupt like goddamn Mount Krakatoa over it
is kind of patronizing, isn't it?
You know, those people can't possibly stick up for themselves in a case like that.
So I shall shoulder the white man's burden and do it for them.
Which is not to say that you shouldn't slap down people who think saying
the N word or this S word, I'm thinking of the radio.
At a family gathering is tolerable, mind you,
but to install yourself as the guardian of someone else's life,
someone else's cultural turf,
is damn near as bad as the Yehu at the family gathering
when you get right down to it.
Because you aren't really doing it for those people, are you?
No, you're doing it to show them and your peers
just exactly what a special snowflake you are.
Same thing with the first two examples.
You are communicating, but you're not communicating to people outside of your tribe.
You're closing down all communication to the outside world.
You're not talking to people outside while bellowing your status to your tribe.
Do you define your cause or does the cause define you?
One way means you have beliefs.
The other way means you may as well jam a Brad Pitt hat on your head
because you're already a hipster and therefore a joke.
But you know, the joke gets old fast,
which will probably be taken by special snowflakes
to mean something other than the joke gets old fast.
I don't care.
And then there's a part three, but I don't seem to have...
Oh, well, should I continue?
Yes.
Part three.
By virtue of being able to read this, you are intelligent.
There's no arguing that.
You may in fact be above average when it comes to intelligence,
and your parents may have done you a grave disservice by telling you that
instead of letting you figure it out for yourself.
But are you that?
Are you the smartest person you know?
More to the point, is it important that you be the smartest person you know?
Is it critical to your happiness that you let everyone else know just how smart you are
and just how perfect your life is in every detail?
You frequently, though not always, see this in engineers.
A special snowflake kind of engineer.
They know all inside their field and out,
and it is important to them that they be the only person
who knows anything about anything.
In short, they're dumbasses.
It's not just engineers, of course.
It's just that engineering has an occupational hazard of the engineer in question becoming the expert.
The smartest guy in the room.
Almost all other fields of expertise carry the same risk, of course.
Doctors are kind of famous for this, for example.
The easiest way to tell if you're the smartest guy in the room
is to examine your impulses during the day.
If you find yourself compelled to offer your opinion or advice,
you may be the smartest guy in the room.
If you find yourself specifically listening for something to correct,
you may also be that guy.
If you think sourcing your arguments is a sign of weakness,
you're in the zone.
And if you cannot bring yourself to say,
I don't know, or even I was wrong,
then you definitely are that guy.
Because whatever it is you're trying to do,
you're talking about,
you aren't really talking about.
You're saying,
Look at me! Look how smart I am!
You've probably by now noticed a common thread
between the mental illness thing,
the cause thing,
and the smartest guy in the room.
It's given away by the title of this essay,
Special Snowflake.
The common theme, of course, is narcissism.
It is the turning inward of the intellect
in an attempt to deny the idea
that you might not actually be the main character.
The worst part about it is how offensive
and then boring it makes a person.
This leads to being ostracized,
which in turn leads to more screaming and hollering
for the world to look at me!
The person in question,
no matter which of the three types of snowflakes they are,
will interpret being ostracized
as some weird form of validation.
I'm too much for the little people to handle.
Or, I knew they were too small-minded to join the cause.
Or, my crazy makes me too special for normal people.
The end result, of course, is the same.
You're a special snowflake,
all by yourself.
Or kill me!
Thank you, Reverend Roger.
The good Reverend Roger.
I love that guy's thoughts.
And he's really good at expressing them.
Yes, a classic rant from Reverend Roger.
A true and more than typical subgenius.
It's great to have these positions articulated
because it helps us fold them in
to become eternal church members.
I should add that I think he wrote that late last March.
He wrote it late last night?
No, no, last March.
Last March?
Last March.
Late in the month of March.
All right, ladies and gentlemen.
So, you've heard this espousal of subgenius principles.
What else do you expect to hear
when you come to our special X-Day gathering?
I come to the X-Day gathering
from a long line of accountants
as I've developed a system.
Enlightenment in 1,000 easy steps.
Step one.
Well, the journey of a thousand steps begins with...
Well, so go ahead and take that one.
Step two.
Draw your hair out.
Step three.
Go a day without brushing your teeth.
Step four.
Go a day with brushing your teeth.
Step five.
Take a deep breath.
Walk around with no shoes on.
Isn't that film slimy between your toes?
Feels good.
You're on Earth now.
Don't pick at it.
Step six.

Step eight.
Keep washing it.
Step nine.
Next time, bring a dozen more socks.
Each interchangeable.
Step 12.
Leave it all behind.
You don't need that job.
Step 13.
Go out and look for work.
Step 14.
Go out and look for work.
Step 15.
Go find the work.
Step 17.
Go do the work.
18.
Go do the work.
19.
Go do the work.
Step 20.
Well done, boys.












Don't just drink for your 20s.
Step 21, do the work.
Step 22, do the work you love.
Step 23, try to eat a lot more leafy greens,
the bright green ones.
They have chlorophyll, plenty of iron.
You can convert that, just one molecular change
in order to get over, in order to get over,
in order to get over the hemoglobin.
Step 24, eat a hamburger.
Step 25, eat a cheeseburger.
Step 26, eat a bacon cheeseburger.
Step 27, eat, drink lots of water.
Step 28, I guess we're getting a little behind now.
Come on!
Okay Dave, the stuff that we've been,
or will be listening to on this hour of Slack
that's from 19X Day, was stuff that I just discovered.
Because I've been editing the videos like way down and dirty,
mixing,
fixing two cameras and two audio recordings
that are separate from the video cameras.
And finding things that I didn't know happened
when I was there running the recorders.
So we've got brand new rants that were done six months ago
by Reverend Fox, were great.
And there was a mystery rant by Reverend Nugget.
That's the name of his that I mentioned.
I'm not sure if I'm able to pronounce it.
So those are the rants that are,
were or will be heard on this hour of Slack.
It is Nugget and not Nugget.
Right, the guitar playing is,
at first is by Reverend Angry Larry
and Lord Rock God is playing drums.
But then in the later material,
Reverend Angry Larry is off somewhere drinking
and Reverend Rock God is playing guitar,
Fid Chooley's on drums,

and Reverend St. Fultimus Ex Mortis is on bass.
For free information,
see www.subgenius.com.
Praise Bob.
