Free Cha-Cha children Babylon
Let them be
I said to let children Babylon
She would never say where she came from
The subgenius power of
Stay tuned for the PR news
Then next up, Bob and the subgenius power of
I never miss it
Yeah, right
From PR news in Washington
I'm killing everyone
on the internet
After destroying more structures
Dollar Tree, Family Dollar
Dollar Tree, Family Dollar
Family Dollar Tree says
Dollar Tree, Family Dollar
But the mule just doesn't get it
At least 10 people are denying
it's PR news in Washington
What's your name?
Bobby
Party's moving to Bobby's house, everybody
Come on!
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go!
Come on!
Come on, come on!
Up there, my child
There dwells the one true God
Who created all living things
The true God at the moon?
No end to the earth
Bob is fill-in-the-blank
I am Bob
I'm not Bob
You are Bob
We are all Bob
We are all Devo
We are Bob
Bob will protect you
Bob is protecting the genetic race of the human race

future. Let him. Let him into your life. Let Bob protect you. He wants to protect you. He must
protect you. He has to protect you. Jehovah One says Bob will protect you. One dollar for salvation.
One dollar. He gave life to you and to me. Pray to him, Antillia. He will listen to your prayers.
I can't believe the weird things that people get in their heads and start teaching.
J.R. Bob Dobbs, known among salesmen as the saint of sales. It's actually a mystic sales ability.
Bob was given powers and has been given messages all along by alien entities, intelligences
in outer space or maybe all around us that are
literally fingered.
of the stark fist of Jehovah One, alien space god from some sin galaxy.
Bob can stop the aliens from killing me.
Get to the stage now to soothe the crowd.
Bob can save me from the enemy.
Bob Dobbs came to town to set you free. He came to now to set you free.
You got no business.
You got no business being sick. You got no business being embodied. You got no business
living out of sin. You got no business living without sight.
Fortunately, this is the one true church.
Bob protects me from demons and I got a lot of them.
Bob will protect you.
'll make you fully healthy.
Oh, the toxins are accumulating, everyone can see that this is so.
Your ulcers and anxieties are stinging you like bees from head to toe.
The brain of how it died to will keep us right along.







But no one wants to take the pain to its source.
You feast upon flesh and then you see the curse.
Pause for a moment to reflect upon the evils that you cause to flow.
Through your sacred bowels and then as others have you will repent.
I know.
For I have come to halt this cycle of death.
I shall proclaim the truth until my final breath.
Behold the master cleanser.
Behold the master cleanser.
Upon your life depends your purity and sanctity.
Cleanse your body and be free.
Simplify, simplify, simplify, simplify, simplify, simplify, simplify, simplify.
They'll stitch you up with fishing line and shoot you full of dope until you blow.
Only I can light your path if only you will have the strength to go.
Back to the root, the fruits of the earth.
Eat them in.
Eat them in peace and know the soul's true worth.
Behold the master cleanser.
Behold the master cleanser.
Upon your life depends your purity and sanctity.
Cleanse your body and be free.
Simplify, simplify.
Be free.

Ham
I know that you're there waiting.
Everything that happens in your life is real.
Today.



Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Can you feel it?
The warm, tingling sensation?
That's just the medicine working.
Just the medicine.
Oh yes dear friends.
And that was...
...the...
Well we had a couple of new songs by new artists that we have not played on our...
Well actually that last one we just did, Antidote, was by Pilgrim Speakeasy.
We played a few years back, I think, and they've got a new album called Freak Deco, I think.
That's Pilgrim Speakeasy.
What we just heard, before that there was another song.
A song about getting right with Bob, you might say.
If you wanted to interpret it that way.
Called The Master Cleanser.
And the person doing that was David Morrison.
We heard doing a guest vocal on one of those Rudy Schwartz project songs.
The new album.
The one about moist towelettes, I believe.
He's the guy selling the moist towelettes.
Before that, some collages by The Large, me, and Fernandin Andy.


They leap Murr.
Me by the way is Reverend Ivan Stang.
And you're listening to the Hour of Slack, which is a subgenius radio show.
One of three actual broadcast shows.
The other ones being Suzy the Floozy's Bob's Slack Time Funhouse in beautiful WREK Atlanta.
And Puzzling Evidence, the longest around show since 1982 on KPFA and Berklee.
And both of those are online and archived forever.
And hundreds, thousands of shows you can download.
This is Hour of Slack number 1575.
And we've got some news and things.
Accent on the things.
There's probably going to be one thing calling in pretty soon.
Oh, on the previous show.
Joel played a song by...
Bunny Whaler about...
Apparently it's about when Bobby's overzealous subgeniuses insist on loaning you things and
you take it reluctantly, but they want it back.
But you put it with your stack of 40,000 other books and TV shows and movies that people
said you'll die if you don't get into them.
Bobby loans.
That's what they call it.
That's what they call it.
It was that...
Bunny Whaler was singing about Bobby loans.
My hearing isn't real good, but I could hear that clearly.
And boy, do I know what bunny means.
Boy, sure do I.
Oh, I don't hear you.
There.
I'm sorry.
I certainly do understand Bobby loans.
Because usually when they give you that thing that's so precious to them and you have no
interest in whatsoever, it has a way of either getting lost or broken.
Well, like I say, it ends up in the stack of the other things.
Bobby's insistent.
Bobby's insistent on loaning you even though you didn't want them or ask for them.
Right.
Right.
I mean, I love the Bobby's, but...
Me too.
Well, I mean, I love their membership dues.
I adore their adoration.
Yeah, there you go.
Well, we've been very, very busy getting ready for our two respective festivals.
It is kind of weird that the...
The...
The...
The rather rough and down and dirty X Day Festival, that's the one I started organizing
under Bob and my lovely bride, or actually the queen, princess to whom I'm consort, Princess
Wee, runs the Starwood Festival with a lot of other people.
But she's one with her butt on the line, she and neighbor Joe.

But not lonesome cowboy Dave, who's just...
Sitting at home alone, playing with his weasel, talking to his friends from outer space as
usual, sending the wrong signals to the commanders in Velvet Zone 3.
Ah, what a lerf.
You better...
Only I...
I'm sorry.
Yeah, you better...
I better what?
You better live.
Oh, I better be sorry, I thought.
No, no, you better...
No, you better...
No, you better...
You better live at least until next week, because we're going to try to deliver you
to the station next week.
We're also delivering Dr. Howell to the station next week.
That means I have to pick him up at the airport at dawn on Saturday.
At dawn?
Yeah, Saturday morning.
Like a bushel of potatoes.
It'll be an easy flight for him.
It's 10 o'clock in California when he leaves, and somehow it's 6 o'clock in the morning
when he lands here, only four hours later.
That's what you call a rave.
That doesn't make a lot of sense.
Yeah, it does.
It was actually a pretty good one.
Normally, it takes him eight hours to get here, because he has to have a four-hour stopover
in DeLuca, Ohio or someplace.
God, what a...
God's taking place here.
God's awful.
Well, or Chicago Airport, which is Orlando, which is even worse.
Well, I remember...
Chicago, Orlando, remember?
Yeah.
The shoe repair...
No, it's...
Oh, yeah.






The repair, that's it.
Oh, yeah.
We all have a little bit of toughs and tangles in certain parts of the universe, but we don't
want to stay in mesh there too long, because once you lose your hair, you can no longer
communicate freely.
You're charged too much.
Well, that's why I haven't had a haircut since 1990.
Actually, I had a haircut this morning by Princess Wee, but she just trims around the
back of my neck.
It's her favorite.
There's tiny bits.
She loves that.
Sometimes you get a girl move with the ponytail.
Yeah.
Like, you know, like you lose your shoulders, like, you know...
I can be a beautiful girl if I want to.
There's nothing wrong with me being a beautiful girl.
I had to explain that to my grandsons.
They were going, you have long hair like a girl.
And first I was going, no, no, I have long hair like Tarzan, Conan, pirates.
And pirates are the only one they even heard of.
So I finally just came out.
I just went, it's because I'm a beautiful girl.
And then I rubbed my bristly white beard against their faces and tried to kill them.
They were like, no, no, no, no, no, no.

Grandpa is a girl.
Grandpa is a girl.
Grandpa is a girl.
Yes, he tried to explain that he had long hair like a wizard, you know.
Gandalf.
Yeah.
My name is Gandalf the Black, and I'm the one's going to bring you some slack.
Apologies to Rita Graymore.
Well, the rhyme shows...
If I see me another hobbit, I'll make him flop out his little long hairy foot and I'll
chop it.
Well, have you heard of this?
That they found a race of hobbits.
As far as new humans are concerned.
Oh, yes.
Homo floresiensis.
I'm very familiar with them.
Cute little...
Upright forensics.
Upside what?
Homo floresiensis.
They were found on the Isle of Flores.
Oh, I thought they were like flowery.
And they were pre...
Another...
Yeah, they were kind of like midget or homo erectus.
They were pretty primitive.
Homo erectus.
We've already talked...
Do we talk about the hot, hot illustration in National Geographic when those guys were
discovered?
It showed a little Homo floresiensis woman from behind.
You couldn't see her face.
Yeah, we said this last week.
Yes, I think so.
Are we getting old or something?
Forget it.
No, I don't remember.
Was Homo floresiensis tatas remarkably lovely or something?
Well, from behind, it was like a very small human female.
Now, if you looked at her in the front, that would be a little bit more...

It's kind of spoiled the effect because she's kind of chimpanzee-faced.
But there was a full-sized Homo sapiens coming around the entrance of the cave.
You couldn't help but speculate as to was this going to be love or war or both?
Why not both?
Well, mark my words, they're going to start playing around with the DNA they've retrieved
from these little skeletons, and they're going to start making all kinds of funny things
like Planet of the Apes-type monkey people.
That's wishful thinking on your part.
Of course it is.
I wish.
Well, you know...
Actually, you know what we're forgetting?
No?
According to Dobbs' prophecy and wishful thinking, in about a week and a half or something, we'll
be able to create any life forms we want on our own planets because we...
Oh, no joy.
Because we gave Bob his due and, you know, just ordering a button isn't enough.
Having that little cloisonné pin and being in a subgenius Facebook post.

That's not going to save you, friends.
But I'll just...
You can look and see.
I don't know.
When Bob says Trump, I say how high.
And he must be pretty high.
Did you know Princess Wee went to the same private junior high-type middle school that
Trump did?
No.
That's just remarkable.
Well, we've been cleaning out our basement, and she found a note that was passed to her
in junior high.
Yes, it was folded in that special way that girls fold notes that they pass in study hall,
where you make a long column and then you fold an angle and twist it all up and fold
it inside itself.
Yeah.
Makes a little tiny nice little neat square.
Well, the note says, to rough, which starts with a big R and then increasingly small Rs
to indicate that it's rough.
Hi.
How's you on this beautiful Tuesday?
Tuesday afternoon.
Just fine and dandy, I hope.
Ah, got spring fever?
Don't worry.
So does everyone else.
Rough.
Something tells me you'd better stay out of parked cars here.
Schaefer's driving me crazy.
So is Jim.
Oh, what a study hall, I'll tell ya.
Donnie's in here.
He's so cute.
Donald Duck.
Donald Duck has arrows pointing to the word Donnie.
That's his nickname from now on.
Was Donnie the one that was so cute or Tim or Jim?
No, it's Donnie that's so cute.
Oh.
How do you know it was Donald Trump though?
Well, they called him Donald Duck for nickname.
Well, yeah.
They called a lot of people that.
My ex-father-in-law's original name was Donald Duckamacki and they had to change it to another
name because they laughed at it.
Okay, well you just-
It was not an American name.
Yeah.
It was Donald Duckamacki.
You know, Donald Duckamacki.
Wah, wah, wah, wah.
Wah, wah, wah, wah.
But you know, you really can't just write this so I'm going to finish reading it.
And so it's Donald Duck.
That's his nickname from now on.
Well, not much more to say except goodbye.
Ready.
P.S.
Stay away from JB's too.
Here for your own good.
That is written to the letter and read to the letter for you from me.
JB's meaning JB's.

Did you guys bar and tent at the time?
I have no earthly idea.
No, that was at P.S.
This is from junior high, P.S. 273 back, you know, in another century ago.
P.S. 273, you did go with Donald Trump.
Yes.
I mean, you dated him.
Yes.
No, she didn't date him.
Did you?
Well.
Did I?
I, I-
And by the way, he's the best date.
He is the richest date.
He will show you the best time you've ever had.
And by the way, he's the greatest.

Did I tell you he's the greatest?
Oh, and by the way, by the way, he's, he's absolutely the greatest.
And that's it.
That's it.
Who else can say that they're the greatest?
Well, uh.
There's only one greatest.
Friends, if you're frustrated about your choices in this election year, there's a, there's
a button you can wear that says it's a red, white, blue, and it's red, white, and blue,
and Dobbs headed.
And it says, don't blame me.
I voted for Bob.
And if you were to look at any of the many subgenius Facebook pages and scroll down a
little bit, you'll find my, uh, post showing how that thing looks and where to find one.
Uh, it's, it's very, it's, it's a, it's an American product.
Actually it says it's imported on there.
It's funny.
Yeah.
Bob.
Don't blame me.
I voted for Bob bright button and you can buy them in a 10 pack away.
Wow.
You can get 10 more when you could, but you, you probably were interested.
Yeah.
I suppose that way.
Yeah.
But most people who voted for Bob weren't interested in didn't really.
And when you said button at first, I thought it was, there was a button you could push
and they would all go away.
That's what I was hoping for.
I didn't know it was a button that you had to wear.
Dream on.
I think we have another one that says kiss me.

Kiss my butt.
And that's the one I'd like to wear proudly on the 4th of July on the anniversary of our
presidency of our, of our individual independence from the Soviet, uh, from the mustard people,
the mustard gas making people.
Yeah.
So would you wear that button on your butt or on your chest?
Forehead pin it right to Bob today's forehead.
No, it's two and a half inch button.
It's pretty big.
No, that will hurt.
I don't want anything to hurt.
My Dave first, you give him and Dr. Legume some Jaeger Meister and then Legume does it
today.
No.
And then he, then he cuts off, then he hypnotizes Dave into cutting off his long ponytail.
No, no.
Then Legume gets drunk and sews his own lips shut imitating Andrew the impaled, but doing
it without surgical needles using a hat pin or something.
Then you fall asleep standing up, leaning against a tree.
Oh no.
With your forehead against a tree.
No.
You fall asleep standing up.
That was one of Dr. Legume's X days and we're getting ready for X day, man.
I'm packing the van and making swag and I made the brochure, which I, you can, you can
download from the, uh, 19 X day Facebook page.
Coolers fully onster blaster.
Everybody's getting ready to get hip stone to the actual and final end of this planetary
sphere.
Uh, this.
I'm going to make a spherical, this rotund adventure, which we're forced to have since
how many million years has it been?
This thing's been going on like this.
Well, this'll be my 21st X day.
Uh, let's hope it's not another drill.
Last year was 20, a 19 X day.
This is 20.
No, this is 20 X nine 21 so that the, you're right.
This will be my 21st X day and let's hope it's not my 21st X day drill.
But actually my very first real X day.
And so now X day is old enough to drink.
That's right.
X day, X day events are now 21 years old and that means, uh, although they've been eligible
to be drafted and fight for capitalism and die for capitalism since X days were only
18.
Now X days being 21 years old can also drink.
Isn't that big of the government?
Wow.
That is better than going to the dentist and getting removed and stuff.
Especially when you think of the time, the time problems and going back 21 years, you
can never really tell.
I know it's been discussed every before every X day that maybe X day already did come and
this is a time compression of everything that's gone afterwards.
When people don't know that they're actually in the saucers and they've already escaped
will this world they're in into existence.
Right.
And don't even know it.
Right.
They can't imagine anything better than their crummy apartments.
So that's what their escape vessel has looked like since the real 1990.
Right.
And that's the kick-leg, the zoom-bangy.
But that would be true of me too, because I didn't really detect any serious change
in what the conspiracy calls 1998.
We're just hoping this is the real 1998.
We'll find out.
That's seven o'clock in the morning.
But what if we don't want it once and for all?
Yeah.

That's the worst thing that comes for real.
Well, we've done entire shows about that now, haven't we, lonesome cowboy Dave, after
X day?
Yes, but it is something that must be considered.
It's not like it's something to be taken lightly.
It's to be taken very heavily and ponderously indeed.
Well, there's also the problem of suddenly every subgenius gets his own Death Star or
her own Death Star.
How many of them are going to be coming after me?
A lot more than last year.
The fact that they got their own Death Star, they won't get over their anger at me.
Oh, well, he did arrange for us to get this Death Star, but that was really Bob's doing.
Anybody could have done that stupid show.
I could have done a lot better.
If I ran a business ever in my life, I'd be running it a lot better than that Stang guy.
Well, how doesn't it know that you're not Stang entirely in reality and that you're
one of the Bobbies who thought he was the Stang who could do that?









I could have done the show ten times better and somehow assumed the personality of the
actual Stang.
Well, why not both?
And here's the sorry thing.
Facebook decided that I couldn't be named Reverend Ivan Stang.
Some computer way in the darkness there talked to another computer and it went, wait, that
Google account of that one guy and this Facebook account by Doug Stang.
That's the same guy.
One of them's fake.
And they decided that the Doug Smith human street name was the real name and that they're
prejudiced against people of my descent.
But that's not even a real name, is it?
Subgeniuses.
Right.
Yeah, Doug Smith.
That sounds very likely, doesn't it?
Oh, that sounds like a real name.
Sure.
I can even check into hotels.
I mean, that's not even a real name.
That's a fake as sound a name.
And then you throw in my middle name, which has religious connotations.
It just sounds it's too perfect.
Christ.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Douglas Christ, the the Redeemer Smith.
No, I'm actually I'm named after St. Claire, the Claire, the saint of patron saint of television
of all things.
It's true.
It's true.
I'm sorry.
That tickled the wrong.
You don't say patron saint of television.
I'm sorry.




Don't you remember?


We killed her long ago.
Don't you remember?
We stood her up against the wall and there was a firing squad made pies.
And it was on YouTube, and that's what killed television.
Pie bombardment.
I have a lot of friends who don't watch any television, but I get the impression that
they watch another YouTube thing every 15 minutes because that's how often they post
those links to subgenius.
genius pages.
Well, I thought there was going to be a huge war
on the internet between the macrocephalics
and the microcephalics.
Yeah, it's called the election, dude.
I think we know where the microcephalics
are
heading. To the voting
booths!
You mean
the tiny heads versus the big heads?
No, it's the tiny hands versus
the big heads.
The teeny tiny handed people.
They have such
little hands, but they don't need
very big hands for what they do in the bathroom.
Little people with Micronesian
feet and soft hair.
The thing they handle with their little
hands in the bathroom, it's as little as their hands.
Even a little.
Magically delicious.
Ew!
Hey, Reverend Fox,
God, why do I do that?
Reverend Foe? No, it's Reverend Fox.
That's right, Reverend Fox.
F-A-U-X is spelled Fox.
Yeah, F-A-U-X is spelled Fox.
Fox.
He's going to be at X Day, but he mentioned today that he's
close,
turn your radio off, everyone who's sensitive.
He says he self-identifies
as a ladies' room toilet.
Hmm.
Hmm.
I cursed him
for putting that image into my head.
And then he said,
you're a bigot.
You're just a bigot against
ladies' room toilets.
Well, it's an anti-sexual remark.
Yeah, exactly.
You think that all of a sudden, all those
hot, sexy thoughts you've had
turn into actually being a toilet.
Right, you stop and get realistic
for a second, and then you go,
ugh, large mammals.
Mmm.
Well, you can call them mammals
if you like. I prefer to
prefer, I prefer
to call them... You do?
That must kind of tickle.
I mean, yes, it's fuzzy.
I prefer to call them
Pryterisops.
Pryterisops.
I don't know.
Were those the ones that
looked like rhinoceros?
No, that was Tricerocop
from, uh,
what was that movie, Kung Fu
something? That's a great
80s movie. We had Tricerocop
and Thor and
Wotan and Hitler and
Oh, yeah, I remember Hitler.
Barbarians.
Riding dinosaurs. It was
very similar to Iron Sky.
Yes.
But different. It was in 1980s.
It way predated Iron Sky.
Iron Sky, Dave, is a movie about
Nazis on the moon while
Sarah Palin is president.
You would love it.
There is nothing better than that.
You would love this movie, Iron Sky.
It's directed by a Finnish guy
and it was crowdsourced.
You know, internet funded, I think.
And they're doing it. There's a sequel to it.
The trailer to the sequel shows
a flying saucer
landing in the hollow
Earth, which looks kind of
prehistoric but has Atlantis in it.
She lands on a flying
saucer there and comes out and she's greeted
by a clone of Adolf Hitler
riding a Tyrannosaurus.
That's the trailer for Iron Sky 2.
Is he also wearing a suit of armor
and carrying like a flag?
Oh, and by the way,
speaking of movies,
I didn't get a call from my son today
even though in our time zone
it's Father's Day because
my son is working on his very
first feature film.
Wow, I can picture that.
It's a low budget thing.
Somebody called him up and said,
we need a director and our director of photography
was about to quit this
low budget but well written
mystery project
because we didn't have a director.
And he said we should hire
you as a director.
And so my son has got,
I think they start shooting
about the same time the world ends.
July 5th.
Wow.
Well, do we just hope they shoot the right people?
As the world ends, you know,
it's not going to be easy.
When that red carpet rolls out,
there's going to be a lot of hot feet,
so to speak.
Not for the subgeniuses.
Well, I mean, the day is, the day is, you know,


it's leading up to the, to the, to the primal rupture moment.
Subgeniuses might have hot feet.
It looks, I mean, this campground where we gather
to meet the aliens is in southern Ohio.
My legs are on fire.
Yeah.
It might, it might be hot.
The last two X Day drills, it was cool.
It was, it was very nice, actually.
Great weather.
But the first two that we had there,
it was hot.
It was a freak heat wave all over the whole country,
one of them.
The other one had a tornado everywhere except the campground.
Right.
And power was out everywhere except the campground.
And only the subgeniuses had, for instance,
ice or phone chargers.
Right.
And we had to, we had to not tell anyone
when we went into town,
because then the townies would all have invaded the,
the campground and, well, it'd be like Walking Dead or something,
you know, the walkers would just, you know,
they'd come after us.
They're slow, but they're numerous.
And they make those groaning sounds and stuff like that.
So much like real life.
Blech.
Blech?
What do you mean, blech?
Blech.
Princess.
We have, we have one of those wife-husband things
where I got to Netflix and a lot of people,
including my daughter, had said,
you ought to watch that show Walking Dead.
You'd probably really like it.
You really might try it.
Yeah.
And, and one day I did.
Now I'm on episode, no, I'm on season four.
And Princess, we won't even, if I listen to,
if I watch it, I have to wear headphones.
Because just the sounds make her sick.
Anyway, what I'm saying is it's a, it's a metaphor
for just being an aware person walking around in life today.
Because I often see people shuffling down the street
and think, walkers.
Sometimes it's because they're very old
or very poverty stricken or very diseased.
But I don't remember seeing walkers as frequently as I do now.
Yes, I do too.
I must agree with that.
And as a metaphor for an incidental occurrence in society,
I must agree sociologically 100%.
That's the way it's stinking up.
Well, George Romero's second Living Dead movie,
Day of the Dead.
Dawn of the Dead.
Dawn of the Dead, which took place largely in a shopping center.
That was the most, that was when most of us realized,
oh, this isn't just a horror movie.
This is the horror movie of real life.
Yeah.
Because a shopping mall full of walkers
and a shopping mall full of Americans,
there's hardly any difference.
Yep.
There you go.
The dumbing down, man.
It's begun.
Although I'll tell you, I think the,
I think the big smackdown has started.
The big smackdown?
I'll bet that you've,
I'll bet that like me,
you've been wondering for about a year now,
how come they haven't,
how come they haven't pulled out all the stuff they know about Trump?
I mean, some of us knew who he was since the 80s.
And that guy's got more nasty,
there are more ridiculous, stupid clips of him talking
than, that have not yet been brought out.
And there's a lot of lawsuits and a lot of stuff that,
it's like they, the media and the,
the Democrats have been sitting on this for a year now.
And I was, I've been thinking,
I know that there's just the,
the drama in human need dictates that the smackdown will come.
And I think it's, I think we're starting to see it.
Right. But they say,
I think we are starting to see it, yes.
They saved all those burned bridges for the,
for the last.
Right. After the convention.
Well, I noticed in the pain dealer,
there were some comments to that effect.
And even in the local small town newspaper to which I subscribe,
there were some comments.
It sounds like it's something's brewing that this is going to happen soon.
Well, it's what's brewing is they're just going to take the lid off the stuff.
They've been keeping back because it'll be so much more dramatic a month before the election
or the day before the election,
when they come out with the really,
really bad pictures.
Well, and clips and recordings for the convention and people and go.
Well, a lot of people saying,
well, it's good that it doesn't matter because Hillary's going to be in jail.
She's going to be executed for treason.
She's under indictment already.
I just keep this.
The media just won't talk about it because they're all in her pocket,
especially Fox News.
They become so socialistic and liberal.
The minute that evil woman started bad mouthing him.
That's when I was.
I knew that Fox News was just a rhino.
Fox News.
That's just nothing but a rhino.
Well, at least there's some kind of nostril going on there.
We could only wish and hope that there were like third nostrils in the foot in the land,
not in a foot.
Well, I have a lot.
There are a lot of my friends that have still keep thinking it's performance art.
There's no way this guy could be serious.
No kidding.
But wait a minute.
He's got a lot of 30% of the people out there believe everything he says because it's the things they most wanted to hear.
They say that he says the things everybody is thinking, but they don't know everybody.
I know one person who's not thinking the same things that he's saying.
That's you and me.
Oh, you're another one.
Well, there's two.
How about you, Princess?
We were you thinking that we need that we needed to.
Basically, make make up, make every one of a different who's not of the approved religion wear a special badge, maybe a little crescent or something.
No, like a yellow star or something.
No, thanks.
No, I think you don't.
Oh, you just think the Muslims are just all peaceful.
Like I told you, you just don't.
It's like their lived hearts are deliberately stupid.
That's what stupid is spelled with a T.
And I don't.
I don't care what you know what I'll say.
Have you?
You're stupid.
I got I've actually gotten.
Well, I love it.
I love it when somebody calls somebody else stupid.
And when they say you're stupid and they misspelled both words.
God, I love that.
That's what you know.
Browsing the Internet is worth it.
When you run into your stupid, both words misspelled and they're not.
How do they usually spell them?
I'm curious as to how you can misspell your stupid.
You're stupid.
Why?
Oh, you are.
Oh, S.T.U.P.E.D.
Oh, P.I.T.
You're stupid or you're stooped.
And of course, you know, they know sometimes a lot of people stupid.
Yes.
Then there's the other the other practice of rather than leaving out an apostrophe,
adding an apostrophe to before every S.
Whether it's possessive or not, you know, just.
And we don't want to be possessive.
I can't stand it.
But that's the way they're so they're they're spelled publicly around here and many other places, too.
It's become a common parlance.
And you want to avoid common parlance is where we can.
They look like the gesture in the Batman movies.
Common parlance is due.
The gesture.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Was there a gesture in Batman?
Was that like the less the Joker wannabe?
I think he's messing with our brains.
Yeah, I think it was something to do with Larry Flynn.
OK, was it the one played by Cesar Romero or by Don Rickles?
Don Rickles.
OK, now there was the Riddler that was played by.
What's his name?
The other mimic dude who had in parentheses before his name, presumptive erstwhile.
I don't know.
I don't know.

You know, there's some kind of water bound name like that, like like Christ wagon or
dingleberry or something that made more sense.
Batman's archenemy dingleberry.
And then.
Could you do dingleberries voice very softly so nobody can hear it?
Go ahead.
OK.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I am.
Dingleberry.
Barry.
No, I can't do it.
Robin, Robin, click to the bat pole.
No, Master Wayne, don't take young Dick with you if it's to be dangerous.
You know I love young Dick, or Grayson, or whatever his name is.
Robin, you know, the boy in the tight.
Well, the boy in his underpants with those green underpants he runs around in.
His legs, oh my God, I love them.
Now, about that bat pole, Robin.
Let's slide slowly down that and climb into the Batmobile.
And after a little while, we'll take off and fight this Dingleberry character.
I can hardly wave, Batman.
You know, most of the Batman movies have been really stupid.
And the one with Robin was the worst.
They kept Robin out of it.
They kept it wisely until the fourth of that middle Batman series.
I like the Chris Nolan Batman ones.
Some people don't, but I can discount their opinions because they're not on Facebook enough.
I hate them all.
With a vigorous, robust passion that will not be requited.
I can't stand superheroes, whether it's Batman, Plastic Man, Superman, any man or woman.
I hate them.
I don't know.
They give me the skivvotch.
Well, did you?
Did you ever read the comic books when you were a kid?
Yes, I did.
I think that's where the movie started.
Didn't you wish they'd make a movie of that stuff?
No.
Oh.
About three quarters of the way through the comic books, I wanted to think about how much I hated them.
Just think of, like, what's Superman's real name?
Clark Kent.
Clark Kent.
And the Daily Planet.
Superman?
Please.
I had this vigorous, robust fear and hatred of the Daily Planet.
The Daily Planet.
Every time I read it, I'm like, oh, my God.
Scenes.
They would show scenes.
I'd be a little jealous of them talking to Perry White or whatever.
Yeah.
Great Caesar's ghost.
I'm turning into Hal already.
Hal's coming soon, and I'm getting the pre-vibes off Hal.
Well, I remember on a recent program, a recent hour of Slack, you included bits from the movie Hail Caesar.
Yeah.
Where can you get that?
Now, that's the kind of stuff I like.
Well, that's the Coen Brothers' most recent motion.
It's a movie about making movies in the 40s.
And it's a really, really funny movie.
You would love it, Dave.
The bad guys in it are communist Hollywood writers.
And the actors they pick to be the gang of Hollywood communist writers are so perfectly typecast.
It's like walking into a real-life room full of communist writers.
It is.
It is.
It's just such a...
And it's funny.
You know, it's actually a very, very...
I mean, hey, it's Coen Brothers.
Come on.
You can't go wrong with those guys.
But yeah, the scene where the rabbi just goes,
The reason you're confused, young man, is that both these men are all screwballs.
Like, ah, I know how he feels.
Well, he's a god of love now.
Your god doesn't love anybody.
Oh, incorrect.
He likes Jews.
That was a...
Great.
Great little scene.
I just had to share it so that...
Regardless of his...
Regardless of his parentage.
Yeah, right, right.
Yeah, the Christ, regardless of his parentage.
It was beautifully written.
A little six-minute scene.
Yeah.
So, you know, that's a movie that you can find out...
It's out now in the red box and here and there.
Oh, boy.
I'm so...
I was so stupid.
I missed it.
I'm sorry.
Well, I haven't gone to a...
I didn't realize how I'd heard of it before.
I haven't gone to a theater to see a movie in about two years now.
Mm-hmm.
We didn't go to the movies.
We watched them at home.
And consequently, our theater, our neighborhood theater closed.

Yeah.
So did the bookstore.
The bookstore closed, too.
Because everybody was, you know, downloading their books.
We did go there and we bought books.
We can't say that we didn't patronize our bookstore.
I had to drive 30 miles to a bookstore the other day.
And I had to drive 30 miles to a music store where they had actual musical instruments.
Because now the musical instrument stores in this area are all like you walk into this empty room
and the guy got, well, they're all online.
Come on over by the screen here and I'll see what we can find for you.
No, man.
I wanted to put my hand on a guitar.
I wanted to look at it and, you know, smell it and everything.
I didn't want to go and look at an internet guitar.
No.
No.
Picture of a guitar.
You want to see a guitar?
Dave, Dave, come on now.
People don't play guitars on a guitar anymore.
They play guitar on their phone now.
You don't need a guitar.
You get it.
I've got a guy.
Want me to turn on Garage Band?
I'll play a bunch of riffs.
No, we don't have time.
Yeah.
We'd be like Fart Piano anyway.
We'd get too.
Exactly.
Fart Piano.
Now, speaking of which, at X Day, well, we thought Doctors for Wotan were going to play.
That was the band that Philo.
I started and then we dragged other people in like our current wives.
But Philo and Mrs. Drummond, Chaosmic Bobcat, can't come to X Day because they're moving.
They'll be coming to every X Day after that.
Wait.
Oh, God.
I hate saying that.
Forget I said that.
Anyway.
So, Princess, we can't have Doctors for Wotan, but we can have Poo Water Towel, which is
the name of the thing in our basement right now.
Now, and the band that Princess Wee and I formed every time we have a song to do.
The Mando Retardo Band.
Well, I wish that the Mando Retardo Band could be there, but you'd have to be there.
Yes, I'd have to be in fully, I'd have to be in trim, limb, limb, pim, bim, bim, fighting
condition too.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And Dave, well, our listeners don't know, but Dave was in the hospital a couple of weeks
ago.

But he's better.
He's been set back.
They told him he had to stay home and take his pills.
He's on the mend.
But it was a physical, this time it was a physical problem.
It wasn't the usual thing that puts Dave in the hospital, where he comes out with that
stained white gown that he wears for five years afterwards.
That's how most people saw Dave.
And they don't even know where it came from.
I'm wondering if they're using like, you know, quote, new, unquote, weapons.
What's the crease doing on the top of my forehead now?
Where did this come from all of a sudden?
Don't blame me.
I voted for Bob Button from the last election.
Remember when like you impended to your forehead?
That's where the crease comes from.
Oh, you mean the old age stuff?
No, no, not the old age stuff.
That's something completely different.
I'm talking about a fresh new crease that shows no sign of going away and no rhythm
unknown.
Meaning in the last hundreds or encumbrance.
Was that a crease that was done over a trepanation hole?
It looks like that.
Yeah, like a trepanation, like it was a poorly done trepanation.
You could find a palm and forehead reader to read your lifeline on your head, your headline.
I was hoping there would be some sort of opportunity like that.
Sure.
At Starwood.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Lots of people will read your phrenologists or all over.
There's like three or four.
Phrenology workshops, right?
Minimum.
That's coming back in style, right?
Mm-hmm.
Alternate medicine.
Head bump feeling.
Mm-hmm.
You can tell who's got criminal tendencies just by looking at the bumps on their head.
Well, that's what Les Cargo thought.
Does everybody have enough of these criminal bumps to make a good diagnosis?
Oh, good old Les Cargo.
I remember him well.
Did you go to junior high with him, too?
Yeah, I did.
Princess Wee gets around.
She is famous.
He's eating snails with Donald Rumpel and whatever his name is.
How did you meet Donald Trump?
Was he from Cleveland Heights originally?
Princess Wee isn't from Cleveland Heights.
Or Warren or Broadview.
Oh, she went to a fancy schmancy private school for rich kids, just like Trump did.
But Trump, he likes to say he went to military school.
Actually, he went to a correctional.
He went to a correctional institution for wayward rich boys.
Mm-hmm.
But no, before he got kicked out of the junior high, that's how Princess Wee got that letter passed to her, warning her about him.
Right.
Yeah.
It really said Donnie was cute?
I thought that it said Jim was cute, and then the Donald Duck thing was, oh.
No, no, it was Donnie that was cute.
He's so cute.
That duck he wears on his head, it's just so charming and cute and sweet.
Ha ha ha!
Okay, we have to think about going in about a minute, because I do have one Rudy Schwartz project song.
Full frontal plug.
I think it's been very silly lately, and I would like to offer my sincere kudos to the most recent things.
Some of them I thought were just quite engorging.
They certainly turn into brain worms.
You should have heard Princess Wee last week warbling Ted Cruz's mouth.
Now, the radio listeners didn't hear Ted Cruz's mouth.
They heard a different Rudy Schwartz song.
The internet version has Ted Cruz's mouth at the very end.
Yeah.
So, we must go now and play this opening cut from Full Frontal Klugman, which features a famous star doing a guest voice on it.
Yee-haw!
Mr. Klugman?
Well, no.
No, but someone almost as...
Lumpy.
Let's see.
Which one of these machines would that be?
Klug, klug, klug, klug, klug, klug, klug.
Okay, good night, Dave.
Good night, Mom.
See you, Dave.
See you soon.
Keep care of your bosoms, lady.
Give you a little kiss on the forehead and tuck you in and tell you a story.
The end.
Fresh Hoganberry Pie.
Complete sexual satisfaction.
Full Frontal Klugman.
Superior handling and fuel economy.
Full Frontal Klugman?
Similar squirrel calls fetch $25 on eBay.
Full Frontal Klugman.
Heavy industrial lubricants.
Residue.
A 50-foot cylinder of living muscle tissue.
Supply.
Boarded by pitchfork-shaped trestles.
Are you listening, Grandma?
Full Frontal Klugman.
Walter Brennan with a generous bifurcated reservoir tip.
That's for puke from people like you.
The Rudy Schwartz Project presents Full Frontal Klugman.
Available now from DC Jam Records.
I'll flash my cock if you burn your draft card.
Rondo Hatton was a friend of mine.
You're no Rondo Hatton.
You don't show me what you're doing.
B-O-B.
Friends, we're glad you listened to this show.
And we're even more glad that some listeners have donated enough to help us keep on going for another couple of months.
And not just this show, but subgenius.com and all the other archive sites.
But if you truly love Bob.
And want some of this.
And want some of that slack back to rebound to you.
You should go to subgenius.com front page.
Or especially the radio page.
Or the catalog store pages.
And help out financially as best you can.
Now, we know what it's like to be on the brink of total poverty.
And we don't want any subgeniuses to make their own situations worse.
But some of you still have jobs.
Even five bucks makes a big difference.
Even if it's only once a month.
From enough of you.
Fifty bucks makes an even bigger difference.
All we're saying is that
Blowjobs could go the way of Steve Jobs if you don't pay Dobbs.
We also take checks and money orders to
Subgenius Foundation.
P.O. Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 4411.
P.O. Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 4411.
P.O. Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 4411.
P.O. Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 4411.
