The second point of our theme is happiness of mind.
Unless the boy has health, he cannot have complete happiness.
And there are many other ingredients also which go to make happiness.
Companionship with friends of his own age is one of them.
The gang has its natural attraction for the boy
and forms his environment with lessons which last him for life.
These may be good, but quite as often are evil.
It is up to us to give him a gang which will bring him good influences and cheery comradeship.
And now, the Self-Genius Hour of Slack!
Then, a step as important as any to happiness is the opportunity for self-expression.
If a boy is encouraged to have slack of some sort,
he is not a self-genius.

He is no longer bored and at a loose end.
It is the slacker who is always ready for the companionship
of him who finds some mischief still for idle hands to do.
The following order is to be carried out immediately.
You will all disrobe and lean over the bed with your buttocks raised.
Now let's you just drop them pants.
Drop?
Just take them right off.
Well, I can't shake it off of my back.
Damn.
It's either too tight or it's too slack.
The choice is yours.
Obey me and live or disobey and die.
Dull, dull, dull, your lives are oh so dull.
You stay inside your sealed house and cower like a frightened mouse.
Dull, dull, dull, your lives are oh so dull.
You sit inside your bunkers with filters all around.
What kind of a life is that when you spend it underground?
You never venture outdoors, you always stay inside.
What kind of a life is that when all you do is,
hide?
Dull, dull, dull, your lives are oh so dull.
Oh, my aching back.
Someone help me, please.
Young, young, young, how stupid are the young?
A brick could fall upon your head.
We'd rather stay indoors instead.
Young, young, young, so foolish are the young.
Dead, dead, dead, you spend your lives in bed.
You stay inside and shake with fear.
Should a nasty germ come near.
Dead, dead, dead, we'll take the chance instead.
Hey!
You never watch a sunset or see the light of day.
What kind of a life is that when you keep it locked away?
You've become pathetic shadows of what once you were.
What kind of a life is that 10,000 years with her?
Dead, dead, dead.
We'd rather live instead.
Young, young, young, how foolish are the young?
A brick could fall and crack your skull.
We're better off by being dull.
Young, young, young, we do not trust the young.
Dull, dull, dull, you are extremely dull.
Why should we accept your lot?
To stay inside and slow.
Slowly rot.
Dull, dull, dull.
We'd rather crack our skulls.
The only cult they want to talk about is the subgenius foundation, the church of the subgenius.
Doug Smith says we're different.
Doug's right, Virgil.
We are different.
Thanks to Jesus.
The genetic engineering corporation of American studies.
Mommy too?
Yep, the whole family.
Is everybody like us?
No son, but we're working on it.
Round the clock.
And we won't stop ever, friends.
That was the late David Boone from the invasion of the aluminum people, 1982 film.
Before that, Dull, dull, dull.
That song by Lex from Brigadoom.
This music in the background is Doctors for Bob.
Tonight for you, we're going to be talking about the American Revolution.
Friends, we praise Bob with some new old media barrage number five subgenius tape.
Tonight, next with new KPFA, Berkeley Puzzling Evidence Philo.
Some killer, killer ranting from Papa Joe Mama in Germany and evil audio surgery by such luminaries as Lemur, seen here.
You start to feel like you're normal again.
Yeah.
Okay.
And it's very hard and people tend to gag.
Right.
Okay, Dr. Pink, it's time to start proving what you are saying.
An official message.
This is an actual emergency.
Kids who have been diagnosed with leglessness, ADD, deficit, hype, hype, hype, hype.
It does work.
It works because it's magnesium.
I've used it long enough and I've had thousands of pings.
They discovered both hips and didn't pay much attention to it but pain pills.
I fell off my head and I landed on my butt.
My audience is better than what can specifically help them.
Look at this here.
This is sweet tarts.
Yeah.
The sugar.
And we all know that sugar.
Yes.
Talc number five.
Wax.
These things are needed.
In fact, they block the absorption of the body.
And that's it.
Plastic.
Why did you use a hard plastic?
Sherry, a lot of people like taking pills.
I've had patients, they say, I swallow the pills.
Okay.
Right.
Well, and look at hard plastic.
I don't know the chemicals.
My vitamins break down.
In fact, if you come over here, let me show you.
People probably find some of these in the toilet.
Yeah.
Right.
Okay.
My formula is this person.
It's already dissolved.
It is quite amazing, Ramos.
You start to feel like you're normal again.
You're absolutely amazing.
I'm six.
I have high blood disorder.
Already, I feel like I'm going to die.

All right.





I was in the bathroom with my wife a few months ago.
Arthromyelgia, osteoarthritis, fibrosis, arthrosis, osteoarthritis.
Arthromyelgia, osteoarthritis, fibrosis, arthrosis, osteoarthritis.
Arthromyelgia, osteoarthritis, fibrosis, osteoarthritis.
This concludes the emergency.
We're worried about the subconscious messages that they're sending.
Me too.
Yeah, we worry.
You mean the subliminal radio signals?
I don't know.





that are in everything, even your back teeth fillings.
Are they?
Those are the ones you should really worry about,
the ones that broadcast right into your teeth.
Because you can hear those at night when you're asleep,
and your ears, you know, you've got your ear canal right there next to your back teeth
sort of whispering up that ear canal all the time, and you don't even know it.
So how do you know that there are subliminal messages happening?
Well, the government, the new government channels,
and I switch channels, and then I just get stuck.
You get stuff on the channels?
They're editing this out right now.
Yeah, there's some kind of editing going on.
I think you need to turn up your phone or something.
But it's funny because a lot of people are different.
Now, do you have that antenna hooked up right now?
Well, yeah, I have.
I got some stereo wires, and I drug them all across my floor.
Back and forth?
Yeah.
I hope with this show turned up very loudly.
So did it generate a static charge?
A negative ion field on the surface of the floor about three inches above the floor
that you were only able to detect with the use of your vacuum cleaner?
Yeah.
You're confusing me.
Well, I think you should be confused to a certain extent
because your receptivity will increase that way
and therefore make the antenna more powerful.
Yeah.
Good God, Bishop Benjamin Jr. is with me this morning
sharing his young boy, spirit-filled boy,
who is recovering from praying for you.
That could happen.
Anyway, let us master different positions
to seek your spirit,
to have our God who made our minds impacted,
by the Jesus whom we know as your people,
Vietnam.
Oh, come on!
Oh, come on!
Only a thin dimensional barrier
separates us from chaos of the dark zone.
The dark zone is not separate,
like two different planets.
The dark zone coexists in the same space as our universe,
in the same place,
at the same time.
The dark zone has no rules,
no sense,
no order.
We worship the shadow's shadow.
Long may he reign.
We pray you in Christ's name,
be you reconciled to God.
He's already sent Jesus to the cross.
He's already,
bore your sin.
He's already delivered that thing into hell.
He's already been set free.
He's already been raised from the dead.
He has already,
borne everything that it takes
to send you to hell.
There's not but one sin
that can send anybody to hell,
and that is the rejection of the Lord Jesus as Savior.
That's the only sin that can send you there.
You've been reconciled.
God's not holding against you your trespasses.
Oh, brother, you don't know what I've done.
No.
You don't want to know.
Don't come at me and tell me
that that sin you got involved in
while you was on dope
is bigger than what God got involved in
on Calvary's mountain
when the blood of the spotless lamb
of Almighty God was shed
and Jesus went into the bowels of hell
and defeated Satan in your name.
But let's leave things of this world behind
and walk now down the path of Bob
for this brief minute of slack
from the church of the subgenius.
Oh, yes, praise Bob, friend.
This is Reverend Ivan Stang
come to tell you the truth,
the truth about the path to slack
through hyperventilation.
Yes, my friend,
you can get high from hyperventilation,
and it's legal,
and it's an exercise we're preaching,
and if you can learn to talk like me
and talk this way all the time,
then everybody you meet
will be your friend,
and you will get so high,
you will get so high,
you will meet Bob.
You will not be able to stop seeing Bob
because you will have so much slack
in your brain.
There won't be any more room for thought,
and when your mind is free,
free of thought,
then you will have the slack,
the slack you need in your life.
Praise Bob.
Help me, somebody.
Do I hear a praise, Bob?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Let there be slack.
Isn't that a good report?
Doesn't that help make your day?
Well, I can tell you something
that would make your day even better.
If you have a growth or a tumor or a wart,
I'd like to pray for it right now.
Or if you have a loved one.
And heaven knows, and so do you,
that we're going to have to go further with God.
We're living in the most dangerous times
there have ever been
in the history of the human race,
and we're going to have to go further with God.
The Bible says,
the head, who is the head?
The Bible says that the head
cannot say to the foot,
I have no need of thee.
Well, if Jesus, who is the head,
cannot say to me, who is the foot,
I have no need of thee,
then how dare the known say it has no need of me?
This won't make too much sense,
but it's not intended to.
Well, I'm afraid of God.
I tell you what, if you would,
put your hands on the radio right now.
Put your hands, put your hands on the radio.
But I tell you what you don't need too much of,
and that's the word of Bob.
And your only hope is to send one dollar
to the subgenius foundation.
Don't send your dollar.
Those people can't help you.
Send your dollar.
Those people can't help you.
And even then, you wouldn't comprehend it all.
Ten years from now, our pamphlets
will take the place of federal reserve currency.
That's Nick.
Might be.
You can get those pieces of paper that Bob sends from P.O. Box.
I'm going to read that number again to you folks.
P.O. Box.
1-8-1-4-1-7
Cleveland Heights, Ohio
4-4-1-1-8
You can leave off the zip code, but
God put money in that empty purse
don't ever let it be broke again.
What's the matter, little boy?
You look like you're confused and lost.
What's that mean?
Mommy, make this priest.
Get away from me.
Mommy, there's a priest coming after me.
Mommy.
Father Von Schenk doesn't want to hurt you.
He just wants to talk.
Get your hand off my ass.
That's not putting his hand on me.
That's a form of blessing.
He wants you to be able to run.
No, it's not. You're just a homo pedophile.
Please, please don't call Dr. Von Schenk.
You're going to jail.
You're all going to jail.
You bunch of weirdos.
Got some weirdo cult going on.
Homo cult.
The boy man.
Love association founded by
Father Schenk.
One of the priests that were thrown in jail
was actually an advocate of
nom-
NOMLO.
NOMLO.
He was a NOMLO member.
The priest was a NOMLO member.
Shh, shh, shh.
Now remember, we're not past the fornication hour.
We're not allowed to say-
And they're still standing there going,
well, maybe they shouldn't all be taken off
in the bullpen, did they?
Oh, he could still shuffle them off somewhere.
They can't do any harm to the world.
He could hide them in the confession booth
with that little hole drilled in it.
I'm not the ring trainer.
The glory hole.
Confession booth.
The confession booth.
What a great visual image there.
The glory hole confessional.
What a retreat it was.
Now there's the next day thing.
It's strange to build the glory hole confessional.
Confessional hole.
Make it exactly like one of those
Catholic confessionals on the screen.
Bless me, Father, for we can't win.
Oh, that pain.
Actually, it's kind of-
You start feeling bad now for them.
They're so toasted.
Oh, there's going to be a big upsurge
in priest costumes this Halloween, I'm sure.
It'll be a popular Halloween.
Oh, yes.
I am a pedophile priest.
A robe.
A priest's robe over some S&M gear.
Here we come
Walking down the street
We get the funniest looks from
Everyone we meet
Hey, hey, we're the monks
People say we monkey around
But we're the monks

But we're too busy chanting
To put anybody down
You know what it is?
You know why the Catholic schools
have good football teams, though?
They have a lot of sex at a young age.
It was like, you know,
Catholic school girls are real slutty
at a very young age.
The more extreme Baptists in the Church of Christ are-
Yes.
Yes.
The Baptists used to have
none of the old age.
So the men are all pumped up.
They've lost their virginity at 11.
You know, usually.
That is, provided they have the pubic hairs
with which to scare the sharks.
Are you kidding?
Are you kidding?
Are you kidding?
Are you kidding?
Are you kidding?
That's unbelievable.
It was exactly like that man and yourselves.


No one really was worried about you at first.








I
I






R
Ste

are
Men
Re
We've punched your soul
Hey, hey, we're so wild
Dancing with the milky moon
Baby, take communion with the rest of the clan
They bought a path to her to the holy land
At the shrine of a virgin she was dressed to kill
With her mad dog twin and her birth control pills
Hey, hey, we're so wild
All your farmer's daughters gonna reap what you sow
Hey, hey, we're so wild
Dancing with the milky moon
Yeah, yeah
Oh, your hands, hands, hands
And me
On your hands, hands, hands
And me
Stalking hands, hands, hands
And me
Stalking furty, furty, furty, furty, furty, furty, furty
Baby, cry sometimes for no reason at all
Makes the master nervous in the good that you stall
Maul's little angel, Paul's little bear
A child of God with a bigger spirit
Oh
Hey, hey, we're so wild
All your farmer's daughters gonna reap what you sow
Hey, hey, we're so wild
Dancing with the milky moon
Oh, come on
Hey, hey, we're so wild
Bow to your partner in a do-si-do
Hey, hey, we're so wild
Dancing with the milky moon
All right now
Hey, hey, we're so wild
Oh,ka-ящ
Baby, cry sometimes for no reason at all
Makes the master nervous in the good that you stall

All your farmer's daughters gonna reap what you stall
Hey, hey, we're so wild
On me
offensively
On me
Ay, ra stirring
apparently
Daddy use theratulations
Yep, you took chances
The Rainmakers, dear friends.
Before that ESO swamp radio on WCSB Cleveland
with Professor Chaya Smith and Lonesome Cowboy Dave,
we heard the monks, the Benzie monks, in fact,
some genius Media Barrage 5 with cuts by Huey, me, Hambone,
and other stuff from Limur, Xenu, The Hindmost,
and the other alt-binary slack contributors.
Hope we're not offending anybody tonight.
You know, some people take this subject matter very seriously.
I think this is funny.
I got beat by nuns.
I got literally beat by the mothers, too.
I got beat by these frustrated drunken guys in public school.
Who weren't allowed to work anywhere.
I got whacked with a pointer. I'll always remember.
I got hit with a cane.
And the side of the knee, man.
She tried to hobble me.
Some guys are into that.
Climb around.
I fell asleep in class.
And the damn nun smacks me in the side of the knee.
Sister Mary Angela was the footer candidate to ever give chance to the only rapper I love.
Man.
In sixth grade.
I'll always remember that day, man.
She whacked me good.
Wake up, Smith.
Whack his pee-pee.
You're like she didn't whack your pee-pee.
Yeah, I know.
Were you ever struck similarly?
Or were you allowed to be a prom queen?
We are, don't.
I was also smacked on top of the head with a pointer.
Prom queen from day one.
You were the prom queen from day one.
Absolutely.
She wasn't taking none of that nun sense.
None at all.
I saw you abuse the champion from day one.
Don't worry about the sequence of events after that.
You know I kind of mean the priest each time Friday.
Nun.
The Pope was saying this is an exclusively American and Anglo-Saxon problem.
Yeah, right.
Well, no.
In Africa and Latin America, he has problems with priests actually dating nuns.
And this is a true thing on the shortwave radio show.
Oh, come on.
Little boys for years and hundreds and hundreds of years.
It goes back.
The little boys.
They would bring the little boys in to sing what?
The women's parts in the choir because they wouldn't allow women in the church choir.
So they brought the little boys in.
Now, what do you think that was?
That was like the gravy train for the priest, man.
The choir.
Like the little boys come in.
I'm going to teach you to sing.
Yeah, see, I know.
I know.
Why were the castrati more important than the situationists?
I don't know anything about that.
Or the skeptics organizations that spank spoken.
That's my bailiwick.
I understand the Protestant evangelical side better.
Take their money.
Take their money.
We thought of Catholics as weird, idolatrous cultists.
But that was the same way most people think of Hare Krishnas.
Jesus.
Of course, Catholics, where I grew up, were the weirdest minority there was.
They played very good football teams, though.
I preached that morning on the Paschal Lamb.
They led a little blind message.
They were totally blind in both eyes.
I preached on how when the children of Israel ate that Paschal Lamb,
it got into their stomach and turned, the stomach turned it into blood.
And it began to pump into their body.
And when it hit their blind eyes, it made them whole.
When it hit their crippled limbs, it made them whole.
Because that lamb was the type of spice.
Oh, yes, friends.
That lamb was one of the nine score types of Jesus.
Oh, there's so many of them.
That was the four-legged Jesus.
The animal Jesus.
He's the Jesus that shits in the woods, friends.
He's the Jesus that, he don't worry about who's looking at him or what's going on.
He just likes to eat and mate and sleep and all those wonderful, precious things that
the animals do.
Yes, he's the weird Jesus.
The Jesus that could turn from a man into a ram or a lamb.
Or a...
A rabbit.
Just, just about anything you could imagine.
That's what the animal Jesus, the weird Jesus, could turn into.
And he didn't need no full moon to do it.
No, friends.
The four-legged Jesus, he could switch over any time he chose.
Any time he'd seen a hunter coming with a gun, he could switch back over and become
like a human being.
And with his long, long, long, long legs.

A blond hair and his blue eyes.
Or whatever color hair and eyes that he wanted to have at that time.
Because he's a miracle Jesus, friends.
He's a...
He's a fighting, farting, fist-fucking Jesus.
A horned beast and an
axe.
A crazy Santa Cat!
A Ghost!
A anthill?
A萬块
Now, they'll also tell us about the mysterious J.R. Bob Dobbs,
who, as I understand it again, is the high muckety-muck of the Church of the Subgenius.
Hello, Bob.
Many of you in this stadium have been deceived.
Perhaps you've been deceived by evangelists masquerading as angels of light.
This is the voice of Colossus, the voice of Garnet.
We are one.
This is the voice of unity.
I'm talking to you tonight about the Holy God, about the Holy God,
about the Church of the Subgenius.
Praise Bob! Praise Bob!
Can I get a witness? Can I get a witness?
Can I get a praise, Bob?
Can I get a praise, Bob?
Can I get an amen? Can I get an amen?
Thank you, children. Thank you.
Thank you, children.
Thank you.
Some of you may not be familiar with the Church of the Subgenius.
Some of you may not know the Hormones.
Church of the Subgenius!
Church of the Subgenius!
Purpose! Purpose of the Church of the Subgenius...
The purpose of the church!
The purpose of the church is to have one!
It's so the church is to have one!
Slack!
Can I hear that again?
Do I need more slack?
Can I get some slack?
The cause of the experience that they were going through...
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Ha ha! Have you two not gotten enough slack on the ropes of life?
This is Dr. Philodrumon speaking to you from on the road way out there.
Somewhere where you nor your friends can even perceive.
Ha ha! Yes, dear friends.
We're out here, you're out there, and we're thinking about you out there.
And about all the wonderful things that can be found when you find Bob.
Need to enhance your front-end solutions?
Having trouble embracing your vertical infrastructures?
Let Bob Dobbs and his subgenius foundation cultivate world-class technologies overnight for minimal initial overlay.
Streamline integrated metrics and extend your paradigms.
Bob can show you how.
His transparent schemas integrate world-class initiatives to reduce,
penalize nominal communication, or PINK for short.
While optimizing profitability execution proactively.
Bob will teach you how to deliver visionary magnetic infomediaries using our exclusive user-centric 24-7 system, Slack.
Combined with our patented field-proven FROP, Frictionist Relationship Optimization Paradigm,
reintents all next generation content.
The synergy of stock,
Slack and FROP positions your end-to-end strategies for perfect execution.
No more pink.
Incentivize your virtual experiences today with the proven pink killer in the industry, Bob Dobbs.
Hi, I'm a trained professional just waiting for you.
If you're ready to take your life, it's time to put yourself first.
You can call the number on your screen.
We're waiting to hear from you.
I am a machine, vastly superior to the machine.
I am a human.
Ah, Pope S. Lilith.
With an ad written by computer.
Ranting at X Day, for X Day last year.
Some Dr. Philodrumon from Media Barrage 5.
Also, Pope David N. Meyer.
His very first preaching.
Before that, some Leibach, Sympathy for the Devil.
Coming up, old Media Barrages, edited by Huey, surveyed by Bob.
He did things that were just humiliating.
And they kicked him out of the intellectuals club for it.
Metal fatigue, what can you say?
You're on troops, I meant.
Come on, that's...
We change personalities entirely.
Flaky specks of dandruff in my hair.
You're the tickle in my throat that makes me cough.
You're the hangnail in my life.
And I can't fight you off.
I respectfully disagree with that.
This is ridiculous.
Why don't you throw him over your shoulder and burp him?
No, I don't even know what I'm doing here.
We're wasting our time.
I cannot teach him.
The boy has no patience.
He thinks you'll call a cop.
That's just what I deserve.
Trying to change a wasp mannequin into a thinking, feeling human being.
That was a real weird scene.
You know, you're just out there working on your truck.
And then suddenly there's fire everywhere, all around you.
You can't see anything.
You have to drive out of it.
Who is that?
Who is that?
We all know who that is.
Who is it?
It's...
It's...
It's Bob.
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Up there, my child.
There dwells the one true God who created all living things.
The true God is the moon?
No, Antillia.
Bob is fill in the blank.
I am Bob.
I'm not Bob.
You are Bob.
We are all Bob.
We are all Devo.
We are Bob.
Bob will protect you!
Bob is protecting the genetic future.
Let him.
Let him into your life.
Let Bob protect you!
He wants to protect you!
He must protect you!
He has to protect you!
Jehovah One says Bob will protect you!
If you send a dollar to post office box 14-0306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
One dollar for salvation!
One dollar!
He gave life to you and you give life to him.



to you and to me. Pray to him, Antillia. He will listen to your prayers.
I can't believe the weird things that people get in their heads and start teaching.
J.R. Bob Dobbs, known among salesmen as the Saint of Sales, it's actually a mystic sales ability.
Bob was given powers and has been given messages all along by alien entities, intelligences in outer space or maybe all around us that are literally fingers of the stark fist of Jehovah One, alien space god from some sin galaxy.
Here again.
Bob can stop the aliens from killing me.
Get to the stage now to soothe the crowd.
The authorities fight for control here in this chaotic situation.
J.R. Bob Dobbs came to town to set you free! He came to Dallas to set you free! You got no business being sick! You got no business being embodied! You got no business living out of sin! You got no business living without slack!
Fortunately, this is the one true church.
Bob protects me from demons and I got a lot of them.
Bob will protect you.
Bob will protect you.
He'll protect you.
You have consumed enough alcohol for one evening.
It is wasteful and pointless.
Obey me and live, or disobey and die.
Bob's Out.
Mom!
Hey!
Let's stop that!
That's disgusting.
Put that away!
Put that switchblade back in its case.
Give that one-
Is that a gun?
He's teaching no manners at all.
Hello?
I have the feeling someone's stalling.
There's at least one other one.
There's at least one other, you know, there's four or five right now.
Don't look down at your pants leg, Jim.
Don't look down there.
I'm looking down there.
No, no, no, no.
Just avert your gaze.
I'm looking.
I'm going to look.
What you want to be staring at is the emasculated tube right there that's going to punish you.
I'm staring at those little weird bugs dancing like they're high on D-13.
Leave!
Leave!
Leave!
Leave!
Look, the mice have got an organ roll for it.
Let's sing it again.
The marvelous mechanical mouse organ!
You are being irrational.
Go back to bed.
You know what that is?
Stupid.
I mean, that goes beyond dumb, brother.
That's stupid.
You ain't ready yet.
I'd like to know who you think you are.
You ain't ready yet.
Well, I just ain't ready yet.
I'm going to do my thing.
Boy, I'll tell you what, I'd hate to give up my soul over a cigarette.
You can't generalize, though.
I mean, where I come from, Baptists are these...
cave people, basically.
But not always, you know.
And then up in Boston, Massachusetts,
it was the Cambridge Baptist Church
was the ones that took in the subgeniuses
when we were cast out of the fancy nightclub
just for doing nothing more than inspiring the Columbines.
There's good and bad in everybody, honey.
That's what my grandma used to say to me.
There's good and bad in all them,
and some of them are sons of bitcheses.
And Bob will get revenge for all of us this X-Day, friends.
For they truly are all sons of bitches.
And they will wow in their own blood.
One of these years has got to be 1998.
Maybe it's this one.
Provided the ships come on time.
As the appointed time has come and gone so many times.
Well, this really affects how much firewood I'm going to buy, you know.
I don't want to buy too much.
Whether they come or not, you mean?
Yeah, I don't want to really buy a couple of cords of wood
if I only need the one.
Well, think of it this way.
You might want to buy more so you can make sure they see you
for crying out loud.
Of course, what do I care if I spend the money anyway?
What about, they said last year they actually showed up
and nobody got on there.
And they just went away and said,
well, beep you, arseholes, you know.
When was that?
Somebody, well, this was like a wide rumor, Mom.
I always liked the theory that they came down in little ships,
this tiny, big, and flew in front of our faces on X-Day
and said, come on, get on.
Come on, get on board.
Get on board.
We're waiting for you.
Yeah, and we swatted them like flies.
And we had a few more sips of tequila.
And we waited for the sunrise and nothing happened.
So then again, there was more of these buzzing flies
and we got out the decom.
They all dropped and made metallic sounds
when they hit the ground around us,
but still we didn't think anything was wrong.
Best dimension.
Have you guessed my name?
You all.
You all.
I was puzzling you.
It's just the nature of my game.
Yeah!
I want you to put your hands together
and scream like maniacs
for the infamous, evil
Papa Joe Mama.
Papa Joe!
Papa Joe!
Papa Joe!








Papa Joe!
Papa Joe!
Papa Joe!
Papa Joe!
Papa Joe!
Papa Joe!
Papa Joe!
Papa Joe!
Papa Joe!
Hallelujah ladies and gentlemen!
J-R-O-B-O-B-S
UBERDOTIS!
Yeah!
You asked what time it is, friends,
and I'm here to tell you what time it is.
It's time!
It's five minutes till midnight!
Aye!
Yes, dear friends, the end times are upon us.
The proof is everywhere around.
Despite the conspiracy's best efforts to comfort and reassure you otherwise,
their sinister control in existence is fast coming to a close.
Best of all, they know it.
Like the pilot announcing over the intercom that the engine trouble is nothing to worry about,
the more they urge everyone to remain calm,
the more obvious their own panic becomes.
They all see the fulfillment of Bob's prophecies unfold.
A world on the edge of Armageddon.
The conspiracy's desperate last ditch efforts to pull itself out of its nosedive.
And Bob's bold plan to reestablish freedom and slack in the conspiracy's aftermath.
Do I hear a praise ball?
A praise ball!
A praise ball!
Who would have ever imagined that the countdown to July 5th would have begun on September 11th?
See how the world's armies converge upon the Middle East in a futile attempt to maintain the status quo.
Who amongst us seriously believes a conspiracy will ever allow itself to completely win this war?
Then turn around and restore the civil liberties they so jealously snatched away?
Ah, there shall always be at least one terrorist who gets away.
One that's big enough and bad enough to justify the continuation of the newly expanded police state.
If not make it even bigger.
But we, the subgenies,
we do not, and we are not, intimidated by a conspiracy show of force.
We recognize only one, only one supreme authority.
Not the faceless, nameless men in black.
No, sir!
No!
But a smiling face named J.R. Bob Dole!
We, we, we will follow that face to the infinite end.
We will follow the path of the earth and well beyond after this planet is no more.
That time is coming soon, my friends.
It's five minutes till midnight!
Look at humanity, and America alone.
The so-called land of milk and honey.
700,000 people owe 30 billion dollars in high interest credit card debt.
Ha ha ha ha.
They'll never pay it off.
But of course they're not supposed to pay it off now, are they?
No, sir!
The conspiracy wants them to remain in debt perpetually, running down that endless treadmill.
Bob says no!
It's time to get off!
It's time to get off like you've never gotten off before!
It's five minutes till midnight!
Ha ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha ha!
Hey, Bob!
Hey, Bob!
In the last month alone, American Post is the only one who has ever said,
I've delivered three billion pieces of mail.
Three people died from anthrax from those legends.
So now the peak public is terrified that they are next.
That's a one in one billion chance that you could get infected and be killed.
More people have died from spontaneous combustion, just unexpectedly exploding into flames.
Yeah!
Yet millions, millions still believe that they're in desperate danger.
This is called mass hysteria.
The first step to complete social breakdown.
The rats are ready to flee the ship whether it's sinking or not.
It's five minutes till midnight!
Yeah!
Yeah!
He who knows the future owns it.
He who knows there is no future rents it to others.
Yeah!

Yeah!
Ah, Bob Dobbs said, and I quote,
The world ends July 5th, 1998.
Now the conspiracy believes that 1998 is over and that they are now safe.
They don't believe in time control.
They don't believe in excess UFOs.
And worst of all, they don't believe in Bob!
No!
No!
And for that unforgivable blasphemy, they shall surely die!
It's five minutes till midnight!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
For centuries, humans banged their heads against the walls trying to find the answers to life,
happiness, and peace on Earth.
But that answer sadly never came.
You want to know why?
Why?
Because the answer's not here, friends.
They're looking in the wrong place.
That answer isn't on Earth at all.
It's on Planet X.
And there's only one way to get there, friends.
And it sure as hell ain't by brown-nosing the boss.
Or by trying to stockpile the most numbers in your bank account.
No, sir!
The only way to find paradise and avoid hell on Earth is to possess a ticket aboard an X's flying saucer.
That ticket cannot be bought, friends.
It can only be bought if you must trade true love and affection for Bob, plus a $30 love offering,
to the subgenius Foundation.
Now, some people wonder, can I really afford it?
The answer, of course, is, can you not afford it?
Because, in the most simple of terms, it's five minutes till midnight!
Yeah!
Ladies and Germans,
we cannot promise you that you will walk out of here with all of the answers.
But we're hoping to at least provide you with some of the more vital, life-changing questions.
One of them is this.
Do you wish to live after July 5th, 1998?
Yes!
If the answer is no, however, just keep serving the conspiracy.
Those X's saucers will arrive here and rain death upon you and all your pink friends.
But, if, however, the answer is yes,
well, in that case, I suggest, and that's assuming, of course, you prefer an eternity of slack,
and want to enjoy a space journey aboard the pleasure saucers with Bob,
enjoying sex-star beautiful babes, an abundant supply of have-a-fropped zippy-lops,
and, of course, good quality rock and roll,
and I'm not talking that 70s sh**,
then turn your life over to Bob!
Yeah!
It ain't hard, friends.
It's easy and it's fun.
You'll get eternal salvation and slack at no extra charge.
But best of all, best of all,
you'll feel a thrill instead of a chill when someone asks you,
Uh, what time is it?
And the answer is, it's five minutes till midnight!
Narrated the work of our great Bob Aben!
Hallelujah!
Hallelujah!
Hallelujah!
Are you scared?
Oh, yeah, I know I am!
I'm so scared, I think I'm gonna pay my $30 again,
just to make sure I get on that Exit spacecraft!
I paid my $30!
Hallelujah!
I'll bet I'll fly!
See you at the base, huh?
Yes, for real, guys!
Ha ha ha ha ha!
Oh, Jesus, to be so honest!
I love the...
...Bad Guys!
Jesus!
Every cop is a criminal!
And I'm the sinner at six!
There's hell in this place, just call me!
Listen up, TV!
Because I'm in need of some restraints!
I'm in need of some restraints!
Oh, Papa Joe, Mama Friends at the Hamburg, Germany, D5L!
A rant delivered at the same club that the Beatles played their first famous German concert in!
But...
Now...
This!
A band called Sleepytime Gorilla Museum!
Sleepytime Gorilla Museum!
Sleepytime Gorilla Museum!
Sleepytime Gorilla Museum!
Sleepytime Gorilla Museum!
Sleepytime Gorilla Museum!
Sleepytime Gorilla Museum!
Sleepytime Gorilla Museum!
Sleepytime Gorilla Museum!
Sleepytime Gorilla Museum!
Sleepytime Gorilla Museum!
Sleepytime Gorilla Museum!
Sleepytime Gorilla M får Dus п;;


We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
Puzzling Evidence and over-the-edge radio shows out there compiled by our favorite fan, Serpent X.
And Serpent X's site has about 15 Puzzling Evidence shows and probably has 50 over-the-edge shows out there.
And that website again, matrix.custan.edu slash negativ, negative, without the E at the end.
And if you'll just go to that site, you can download them at your leisure.
They're about 20 megabytes a pop, so they're not small files.
And if you have a slow connection, I would advise you to go get something to eat or take a vacation while you're waiting.
We're the young generation, and we've got something to say.
We'll be right back.
