This is Phil, Pete, and Dave of the Firesign Theater, and we're listening to The Hour of Slack!
Because we're subgeniuses, and we're slacking off.
Is this thing working? Is this thing working?
What do you think, as a radio broadcaster, Reverend Stang, of these new computerized devices that let you see how many people are listening?
Don't you find that somewhat intrusive?
Wouldn't you rather not know than look at that readout and see how many listeners there are?
Oh, you mean by internet?
Yeah.
Well, in the station that I work at, the top limit is 30 people.
And here's the sad thing.
We've never had that many.
It's unusual.
It's always about 27.
Even though...
Even that's not bad.
It's just enough for me to know that no one else is trying to listen.
That means a radio is on.
You don't know how many people might be listening.
No, those are computer connections.
Right.
It could be broadcast in China.
That's right.
And it's not really how many that are listening that matters.
It's how intently they are listening.
It's better to have one person really listening, listening the hell out of that broadcast,
than to just have a million people have it playing in the background.
Right.
And I can't imagine...
I can't imagine anything worse playing in the background than subgenius radio.
But some people like to perform certain activities with this in the background.
Generally, it's not a good idea to perform activities involving calculation, measurement, anything like that.
But on the other side of the brain, if you have some work for your idle hands to do,
it's an ideal background that can be a companionable form,
whose puny flaps and freaks the idling spirits of its...
...its own mood's interprets.
Like an old friend hanging around, constantly talking.
Or perhaps some sort of pleasurable activity...
Funny you should mention that, Dr. Al.
Well, it naturally occurs.
A little audio stimulation along with the other types of stimulation.
Yes, all our nerve endings are eventually to be put to use in the magna stimulation of the climax of X-Day.
Okay.
Okay.

Our soundtrack for this hour of slack in the background music is Hans Salter's Son of Frankenstein.
The tragic tale of the son of Frankenstein.
Not to be confused with the son of Frankenstein's monster.
We don't know that the monster himself ever had an actual offspring.
Although we assume that he could reproduce...
...he certainly was eager to have a bride manufactured for him.
I don't blame him.
I felt the same way, and I went to the same extremes to make sure that that happened.
Actually, he couldn't reproduce.
We have a movie for the Baldotta auction.
That's right, folks.
It's related to my personal life.
It's called I Married a Monster from Outer Space.
Are you?
Are you claiming that one?
It's pretty good, actually.
No, no, we saw it.
I have a copy.
I actually married a princess from outer space.
You could almost say a monster married a princess from outer space.
Well, it's a variation on the theme.
Now, you know, if this were a real hour of slack, we would start off with about ten minutes of carefully edited collages.
Of course, those will be added later for the internet broadcast.
As will all sound effects and other things.
But we have to have the music in the background to inspire us.
Because, actually, let's face it.
Let's mention that right now.
Everything you see about academic music, classical music, symphonic music,
all this stuff is the circle jerking of a dying intelligentsia.
Because the real music that this era will be remembered for...
is the music composed for the movies.
And that's where our greatest composers have been hiding for the past hundred years.
Now, ladies and gentlemen, this is the Evolution Control Committee.
Please stand.
Ladies and gentlemen, I could really use your help, actually, here to start this out.
Because often in the past, we've done shows with the wheel of mashup.
And with the wheel of mashup, we've invited someone from the audience up to actually spin the wheel and decide some of the...
It's really two wheels.
Yeah, yeah. It's really...
One has music.
Yeah, and one has the lyrics.
And one has lyrics.
So, we're going to try to do this with you right now.
And we've got some music here.
And we need some vocal help.
Okay.
So, could you help me decide the lyrics?
We need a vote.
One.
One.
It's going to be between Lil Jon and Jackson 5, okay?
Okay, so we're going to do a vote.
So, let's vote.
We're going to choose the lyrics.
Number one, Lil Jon.
Lil Jon.
And number two, Jackson 5.
Your decision, Chloe.
Wow, it's pretty even.
Can we vote one more time?
Okay, Lil Jon.
Okay, Jackson 5.
Jackson 5.
Jackson 5.
Jackson 5.









I think that would be it.
I think it's Jackson 5.
You think so?
Jackson 5?
I think so.
Jackson 5 it is.
To go with Frankenstein.
Here we go, now, it's the Evolution
Group Roll Committee.
Turn up this fucking music.
We need to hear the music.
Let's hear the music.
Alright, here we go.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Now I'm gonna teach you all about love, yeah
Friendship's a battle, take a seat
All you gotta do to be loved to me
A, B, C, easy as one, two, three
All simple, let's go, baby
A, B, C, one, two, three
Baby, you and me, girl
Easy as one, two, three
All simple, let's go, baby
A, B, C, one, two, three
Baby, you and me, girl
Come on, come on, come on, let me show you what's all about
We take a ride, we're with the team
All the branches of the line and dream
We're living with our friends, we're all in this with baby girl
Your education makes a big, big, big deal
Just wanna show you how to get an A
Let's go to the baby, the boys, you gotta do
A, B, C, easy as one, two, three
All simple, let's go, baby
A, B, C, one, two, three
Baby, you and me, girl
Easy, easy, easy as I got two, three
Sing a simple melody
So easy, love can be
So easy, love can be
Sing a simple melody
One, two, three, you and me
You hear that?
The music's a-banging
You hear it?
It's a-banging
It's a-banging
It's a-banging
It's a-banging
It's a-banging
It's a-banging
It's a-banging
It's a-banging
I assume everyone here has signed the liability waiver.
I don't think anyone's turned them in, though.
Apparently you're signing them and putting them in your pocket.
That doesn't do us any good.
Oh, and you'll find in your brochure this little thing called the Gorillas and Demons in your life.
This is your Gorillas and Demons form.
You're supposed to fill that out.
Yeah, you fill this out and then leave it up here at the table.
And Dr. Howell and I will read them at some point.
Because they usually are pretty funny.
Depending on what voice the Gorilla and the Demon use.
And this is my first X-Day.
Thank you.
I got somebody.
And I gotta tell you, this has been the most unique experience of my entire life.
But I am not afraid.
You guys still can't hear me?
Alright.
And I've been told I can't go home.
But I realized something.
I am home.
Freeze, boss!
I spent my life, my entire existence, in one of the pinkest states on the country.
And that is the state of Florida.
I've worked for every pink corporation you know.
I've worked for Disney.
I've worked for Universal.
And even now, I still have a con job.
But I realized something.
That entire time, I have been a salesman.
I'm not the best yet.
But I'm getting there, brothers.
I'm getting there.
I'm getting there.
I'm getting there.
I'm getting there.




Come here whoAKE ME BUR Oftом
Come or die or dieعد


You trying to catch somebody peppered like laser stray before it!!!
Am I dead or I'm alive

It's alright I need on some round of aura


With the people no longer love me
written by Phineas Narco, or not a poem, it's a short rant written by Phineas Narco.
Who unfortunately was not able to be among us.
Yeah, he is normally one of the old time show guys.
He's on the Puzzling Evidence show and Over the Edge and Hour of Slack and everything else quite a bit.
Confidentially, it would take a major miracle to get him here.
He's afraid to go out of his house.
But he wrote this right after he got so angry about not being able to come.
He said, I was walking home just now and kind of looking down as I tend to do when I walk along.
On the sidewalk face up was one of those name tags people get that stick on and you write your name on it with a magic marker.
See, I've got mine.
And the name on the sticker said Bob on it.
Swear to God.
And I smiled and thought that's a sign.
It's going to be a good day today.
I get home and think to myself, you know, I like being a nice guy, even though nice guys finish last.
But, you know, there's a lot less pressure at the end of the race and you have a lot more time to enjoy it back there.
And hell, I didn't even give a shit about their prize in the first place.
It's a carrot on a stick, dear friends, being a success.
That's why we in the church kill time and burn money.
Because slack is neither in time or money.
It's in both at the same time.
Screw their mediocrity and low standards and praise Bob.
But I take that or kill me stuff seriously.
I paid my $30 not once, but accidentally twice, which is impossible to do intentionally, dear friends.
And I'm here to tell you that ever since my life has had an abundance of slack and has been populated by blessed holy mistakes.
Good mistakes, which only had to be recognized as being such.
Or as we call it, involuntary slack.
I've followed the path of least resistance and it fucking works.
When faced with any decision in life, I always judge where to go by what gives me the most slack, the least amount of stress and hassle, and the most time and money.
And sure, nice guys finish last, but so what?
At least they have the luxury of being nice.
Nice!
And that's the prize from which all blessings flow.
It's nice to be nice.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Now I can no more imagine Dr. Legume saying that than Adolf Hitler.
However, if you know Phineas Narco, it's a quite honest thing.
Phineas is a real nice guy.
Oh, he's honest, all right.
He'll tell you about every thought he's ever had about himself.
You know, and honestly, yes, he'll share until you...
...want to terminate the sharing session.
But it's interesting.
He also is a learned fellow who has come up with many intriguing concepts.
Have you ever considered what a modest contribution $30 is to the only true religion?
All the fake religions, they all want 10% of everything you earn.
Well, I think it should be $33, and I've said so for many years.
And I think the next...
...instrumental rise will take it to $33.
It's difficult, of course, to deal with in a monetary way, mathematically.
But you have the golden mean, so I don't see why you shouldn't send in 33 pieces of silver to become a subgenius.
You know, I don't remember you ever mentioning that, although I don't doubt that you did.
I have mentioned it.
I have been thinking, friends, you know our prices, the church of the subgenius, the most supposedly the cult of the super salesman.
Our prices haven't changed since 1995.
They've actually gone down if you adjust for inflation.
Oh, yeah, yeah, quite a bit.
So I think our next...
We will probably charge $35 for next X day.
And eternal salvation will go up to $35.
$35.
Which means that triple your money back will be harder to calculate for me.
This, of course, is all baloney because we know there isn't going to be a next X.
This is all theological tinker toy talking.
The real inside information is...
We're just building airy castles in the air.
Nonetheless, there are reasons it should be 33.
The 33rd parallel on which President John F. Kennedy, President 35, was assassinated.
The golden mean, one third, the 33 vertebra in the human body, etc., etc.
On and on it goes.
And if you want to vault.
So 35 after that, who can stop you?
But at least your 35 will contain the significant 33.
And that's only if it's not on X day.
On X day, the price goes up exponentially as the 7 o'clock approaches.
By 659, it can cost you $3,000.
A thousand? Hell, millions.
The guy standing by the saucer saying, how much have you got?
There's some friends for whom the money won't work.
No matter how much they pay.
Because they, at one point in their life, they denied Bob.
Or they insulted me.
One or the other.
That'll also keep you off the saucer.
That's when they encounter the invisible.
Because I'm the one who controls them.
I have the, in fact, I have a little computer hooked up down here that has the book of life.
It has the list of everyone who will be saved.
And we don't need a list of those who will not be saved.
Because that would, that's...
Billions.
And who cares?
And it's a waste of paper.
I've got a tape.
I keep it with my secrets.
My lips are sealed.
And there's no whiskey that will set them free.
But I will tell my tale for thirty pieces of silver.
I've got some friends.
They're weighing down in my pocket.
It's buttoned shut.
They mean as much as all the world to me.
But you can't have my friends for thirty pieces of silver.
Come on, step over here.
I'm gonna make you a deal.
I'm not gonna trade, pay, borrow or steal.
I'm gonna keep you safe.




I'm gonna do you a favor, there's no way you can lose. Just make me the offer that I can't refuse.
I've got a soul, I keep it in the mirror.
I left it there, it's everything that it's cracked up to be.
But you can have my soul for thirty pieces of silver.
I left it there, it's everything that it's cracked up to be.
I left it there, it's everything that it's cracked up to be.
There's no way you can lose. Just make me the offer that I can't refuse.
I've got a dream, it's way up in the attic.
And more than dust.
Can't get beyond my special lock and key.
But you can have my dream for thirty pieces of silver.
Oh!
Little Jack Melody did that piece called Thirty Pieces of Silver.
And now, back to the hour.
I'm in the floor of schlack.
That little special module they have at the door of the saucers,
it's actually a sonic emulator that puts out a sort of force field.
The same concept they use to drive away mosquitoes now.
You may have seen these commercials where it puts a little bubble over the first...
But those things never work.
Yes, well, this is the actual Exus technology, though, it works.
They can get all the way up to the chute.
They can pay their membership fee.
They can be entering the door, but they can't get in here.
You can't quite make it through the door.
The bubble is pushing them out.
And, of course, the rest of the subgeniuses just kind of push them to the side
as they go through without any resistance whatsoever.
You know, of course, my most common nightmare is that I'm one of the ones being pushed out.
Well, that's a real...
That you worked too hard for Bob, Reverend Stang.
Here, play back the tapes.
This is the judgment.
You preached slack, but yet you worked hard.
But, Lord, I'm an emergentile.
That is my slack.
Working too hard, that's how I get slack.
No, you've misunderstood everything.
Slack is drinking beer and watching TV all day, like the conspiracy said.
We banish him to subgenius hell.
Oh, no, not subgenius hell.
Oh, we did that one yesterday.
It happened to Moses, you know.
And we've squeezed out every last little module and calorie of potential work that you can do for the church.
So now we can't use.
We can't use you anymore.
Moses was God's man, but because he angered Jehovah in the last decade of his life,
he was not allowed to pass into the promised land.
And he could only view the paradise from afar.
I have seen the saucers, my children.
I may not get on them with you, but I have seen the saucers.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.






Praise Bob.




Well, you will be remembered, Reverend Stang.
That's the good news.
Well, think what the pinks will do to me if I'm left behind.
They'll only have a few minutes to do that, though.
That's true.
So the great Reverend Susie the Flucy is on the land.
However, she is resting.
So I think she drove by herself all the way here from.
Hellwater, Kentucky or wherever she's from.
What's that place?
God's Wrath, Georgia or something like that.
It's a place where everybody else in the town is a celibate blacksmith.
Atlanta, home of beautiful WREK, the station which plays us.
Although I don't think it's paid us in quite a long time.
Well, the important thing is that their spirit was in the right space.
The idea of rewards and of Moses, the lawgiver, still intrigues me a little bit.
You know, Moses did get one supreme blessing from the Lord for being such a good servant of Jehovah.
And that blessing took a peculiar form.
And it's there in the Bible.
Moses was allowed, unlike any other...
...any other man who ever lived, to view God's ass.
How this came about was that Moses requested that he see God after serving him all this time.
And God said, no, Moses, that wouldn't do.
Because, you see, it's a lot of technical stuff here.
His effulgence, his emanation would utterly blast Moses into smithereens.
Just as flaming Jupiter did to hapless Semele in the pagan...
...world.
But, if when God passed by and then Moses turned around and looked, he could see his back parts.
His grand fesses or buttocks.
And so Moses did this.
He saw Jehovah pass by with his peripheral vision.
And then he quickly turned and saw the right side, which is to say the posterior side of the Lord.
And thus was neither turned into a pillar of salt, like Lot's wife...
...nor was he blasted into atoms from the sheer glory of it all.
He also passed some gas there.
So he got a little divine little church air of sorts.
It was called an afflatus.
And notice with subgeniuses it's just the opposite.
We all get to meet Bob, but he gets our ass.
Some people wonder if our church air is also from Bob's posterior orifice.
Well, certainly, in a way.
We are the excretion of Bob.

We're the result of his wisdom coming out.
I just fail to see how this helps anything.
Since he can't really open his mouth, because that pipe grown in between the two teeth, upper and lower, he has to speak through his rear.
Actually, that's brand new doctrine.
I just made that up off the top of my head.
So don't go by that.
Although technically, anything it says in pamphlet number one, anything any subgenius says,
automatically becomes doctrine.
Which some certain idiots have tried to take literally,
forgetting that every other subgenius can then say,
No, you aren't.
You say this doctrine is superseded in most cases.
And with this great principle has come the formation of other churches and denominations also,
fathering forth.
And branching out like a great tree.
So his idea is that we say praise Bob and fuck Bob.
So we'll start with praise Bob.
So one, two, three.
Praise Bob.
All right.
Now we're going to do fuck Bob.
Are you ready?
Is everybody ready?
Okay.
One, two, three.
Fuck Bob.
Good.
Good.
We're playing along so far.
Let's try it a little harder.
Let's try it a little, a little more complicated.
Okay.
Slap.
Slap.
The subgenius.
Must have slap.
The subgenius.
Must have slap.
Must have slap.
Must have slap.
Okay, we blew that the first time.
So we're trying to get it to see if this is coming.
We're trying to do Bob and praise him.
So at least half of you are still in your Bobby stage, including that gentleman back
there with the long gray hair.
I believe he's probably the biggest Bobby in this church.
So let's try this again.
The subgenius.
The subgenius.
Must have slap.
Must have slap.
You're getting better.
I'm not going to sing this one.
Well, okay.
Slap.
Slap.

















I'm not going to sing this one.
I'm going to sing this one.
Slap.
Slap.
Slap.
Slap.
Slap.
Slap.
Slap.
Slap.
Slap.
Slap.
All right.
So we've got music going on.
And I would like somebody to join this beautiful idea over here.
And let's have a backup singer and we'll sing about what we just learned.
Come on out.
You must have slaps.
You must have slaps.
You must have slaps.
I see you in the audience singing as well.
You must have slaps.
Slaps.
Slaps.
Slaps.
Slaps.
Slaps.
Slaps.
Slaps.
Slaps.
Slaps.
Think this.
Come your way.
The Python King has become your wayman.
He will devour you whole.
He will devour you whole, my friends.
Yes, indeed.
He will cut you apart.
On the edge.
It's slack time.
Slack, jack, hammer, and attack.
From the slack to the slack.
Slack, jack, hammer, and attack.
He must have slack Oh yeah slack
Slack!
You must have our slack.
If you don't have slack, you're gonna be whacked.
If you must have slack.
You don't know why.
Be slack or be whacked.
What's a slack?
Slack, slack, slack, slack.
Slack.
Slack, slack, slack, slack, slack, slack.
Slack!
There's slack, there's slack.
tieneustark pół
It hurts.
Ah, yes.
Yes, invariably we have to come back to talking on topics
which one might even think we would try to avoid,
but like the magnetic or gravitational pull of a star,
we are drawn into an inward vortex.
Instead, let's talk about our fans.
If you'll notice, right over there is our one fan.
Next to the stage.
And I suppose we could turn it on,
but it would then blow our words back at us.
That's always the most reliable thing we have.
Create a gale of wind if you want.
Unleash the bag of eelists.
It's not like the radio station fan.
If we turn it on, then it makes a horrible noise.
We could plug that in and point it at us.
So it makes a horrible noise, you know.
What's so bad about that?
Aren't we supposed to have minions with red bracelets
that rush up here to do that?
I mean, Father Joe Mama is having to...
He's showing humility by doing it himself.
He's humble. He's right with Bob.
How many can say the same?
Now, remember last year I showed my humility
by constantly asking my fellow panelists if they wanted coffee,
and I would go and bring coffee.
Say that as if I weren't the sacred scribe of the church.
Actually, I am just a mere reverend.
I never claimed to be a pope or even a bishop.
You may have noticed, those of you who've been with the church for a while,
that oddly enough, the ones who claim the title of pope
are often the biggest assholes of all the church.
Now, that's not always true.
Yes, not always, but very many...
It seems there's a tendency among the ones
who just automatically declare themselves a pope.
Yes, there's a tendency among the ones who just automatically declare themselves popes
to believe their own bullshit.
And that's dangerous.
Now, some would say why that's the key to life.
In fact, one of the stupidest jerks in the whole world said that to me.
A fellow named Bob Dean said,
believing your own bullshit, that's the key to life, Doug.
He's the false Bob.
But in fact, the key to life is believing Bob's bullshit.
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Not Bob Dean.
Not any Canadian imitations or...
Marshall McLuhan or...
Or any of those millions.
God, I got on Facebook just to see how many Bob Dobbs there were.
Too many.
I couldn't...
My finger, tired of scrolling,
it went on for so many pages.
And 90% of them had a trademark owned by yours truly,
used as their personal photo.
That just makes me sick.
As we said before,
the greatest threat to the Church of the Subgenius
is not from without,
it's from those who are burying from within.
That's absolutely true.
The pinks aren't smart enough to do us any damage.
It's the subgeniuses that we have to worry about.
Subgeniuses, their specialty is sabotaging themselves.
And unfortunately, that goes for the Church Foundation as well.
Friends, that kick me sign on your back
is the...
It is written in your own handwriting.
And...
That's why it's backwards.
Yeah.
That explains a lot.
So...
So all you have to do is change...
Pull the sign off your back with a claw hammer,
since it's nailed in using telephone poles,
and change it to say,
pay me instead of kick me.
That's what we did.
And look at us.
That way you don't even have to pay real money for the membership.
You paid yourself.
That's paid your own membership.
$30.
When you stop and think about it,
that's an anti-contribution.
That's a nothing contribution.
It's a bag of groceries, you know.
It's half of the electric bill.
It's a meager bag of towels.
Yeah, you couldn't buy a matchbox of frop with $30.
The only reason they even did the contribution
was because people kept thinking
that they weren't actually in the church
unless they made the contribution.
So...
So...
They had to give them something that they could do.
They had to give us something
because there's nothing more valuable than money.
Because money has no real value,
but all symbolic value.
Which is why they're not giving us anything.
They're just giving us money,
but we're giving them eternal salvation
and triple that worthless money.
But they're giving what they ascribe value to.
Right.
Bob doesn't need money.
He's the richest man in the world.
He uses that for his toilet paper, though.
He needs proof of your faith.
As it is long ago,
written,
they may be pink,
but their money is green.
Praise Bob.
Actually, I think L. Ron Hubbard said that to Bob.
He'd be the one.
But that's why also Bob prefers to get pink.
Didn't we already go through this yesterday?
We went through it many times.
That's the problem.
Many times over and over
through epicycles and lustrums of cosmic time.
I remember we were in L.A.
standing outside Scientology headquarters
when you were raving about how come
he gets a ticket.


It's such a cool thing and you don't.
And that's again,
that identical conversational stream came up
and then subsided.
It's a mantra.
It has to be repeated over and over again
in order to have any real spiritual significance.
And over and over again.
Because history repeats itself.
Yes, repeats itself.
Eternal recurrence.
Repeats itself.
Again and again.
Like the tide coming in and out
with tremulous cadence slow.
Or like a song.
Or like a subgenius with echolalia.
The bigger question is...
Who drives you crazy until you realize
it's a condition he has no control over.
Following you around,
repeating maxims, nothrums and so on
that you've heard a thousand times over.
But expecting to achieve brownie points for doing so.
One can't help but wonder
what happens after X day
when we go to the promised land
and reach that great heavenly destination.
What happens in the distant future there?
Will it always be paradise?
Or will sometime...
There's work to do.
It becomes a hell of boredom.
It's like, I've read every comic book ever made.
I've seen every movie I ever liked five times.
I've had more...
I'm tired of sex.
LSD doesn't hold a thrill for me.
I've had it.
There's a journey.
No, that's actually...
That is the Christian heaven you're mixed up with.
Where you can actually get bored with happiness there.
You get straightened out in the Port Authority terminal building
and you go on the journey.
You go to Asgard and you go beyond, you know.
You go through many sub-heavens and all that.
Or perhaps Bob brings a divine version of Alzheimer's
where we just forget what we did the day before
so we're able to relive that thrill every day
over and over again.
This is new. This is different.
Revelation X, Afterlife Diagram.
Um...
I can only say, um...
Go to the air.
I have a question for the audience.
Can you hear all three of us equally well?
Okay, because I can't.
That doesn't mean much.
But, uh...
Too long standing in front of those giant amplifiers.
You really must amplify when in Thang's vicinity.
Rule number one of subgenius preaching is never to listen to what any other preacher is saying.
I try.
I try. I just, uh...
If there's no monitor, you know.
I'm used to doing it all in headphones turned up all the way.
That's why I can't hear anything without the headphones.
A real preacher never listens to what they're telling anyone else either.
I mean, it's do as I say, not as I do.
That would be anti-religion.
You can't follow your own...
That's...
That would almost be almost anti-Holy.
Right. I don't practice what I preach
because I'm not the kind of person I'm preaching to.
Exactly.
Well, subgenius is Lutheran in that we don't believe that, uh...
a mentor or a priest is really necessary.
Your relation with Bob is between you and Bob.
But, of course, it wouldn't hurt to pay attention to others who might make it easier for you
to form that perfect attachment.
Yes. In fact, I would strongly suggest
that you think about bribing certain hierarchy... subgenius hierarchites.
It never hurts.
Actually, to tell the truth,
you know that hierarchy that people claim to be part of?
No, I wondered who those guys are.
That's how you know they're not part of it.
Because I personally couldn't tell you who's in the hierarchy and who's not.
I always thought that meant they were just high.
I didn't get the other part.
They usually are high in that sense.
Um, but I would strongly recommend bribing Priestess Pisces.
Any chance you get.
Dr. Legume is a very important person to bribe.
In some ways it's more extortion, but...
Or protection, rather. You're paying protection money.
Well, other people are bribing them. You just don't know it.
That's why you're not supposed to compare notes in the subgenius church.
Find out the deal that someone else has worked out with one of the other preachers.
Or with Bob himself.
Then it's like going on vacation and asking the guy next to you,
what did you pay for this ticket?
It's just going to ruin your day if you know what a good deal they got.
So the trick is to make sure that you know what you're paying for.
You can make your own deal, but don't tell anyone else about it.
Come on, the time you spend recording ten million things
will never be equaled by the time it would take to watch any of them.
You'll have them stored up in piles, but the ones you see will be few.
You have to make the effort.
Because there is a barrier, there are those forces in the universe
that don't want you to have slack of watching all the things you record,
only the anti-slack intention of trying to record them.
Well, the hour slack is always easier on the ears than it is on the eyes,
and if that's not a terrifying thought, I don't know what is.
Well, it allows us to create pictures, but simply by describing them,
in the age-old fashion of radio.
There's a female voice.
Pantiara, do you want to get on and help us out up here?
An announcement?
Well, please do. We have an announcement from Pantiara Ivakovich.
She's going to get on mic. You can have mine.
I just wanted to say that at the Bulldada auction,
I'm going to have a hard copy of the story that I wrote,
Stick and Pantiara's Big Park Adventure.
It's signed by me, Bishop Stick, and if you guys want to sign it too,
then I'll make it even more.
Oh, sure.
So it'll be up for auction whenever the Bulldada auction happens.
The auction is, if you're interested.
The audio book coming soon.
Friends, if you've, well, I guess only the people who are brave enough
to read Scrub Genius News Group would ever have read this,
but I printed it out.
You sent me a copy of it, the whole thing, at once.
Oh, okay, go ahead.
It is, for a story that doesn't have Bob in it, it's great.
It is really great.
And if you happen to be a person who has had a lot of experience
at state parks and national parks, it's even better.
Princess Wee and I happened to read this after a vacation
that we'd spent in the great national parks of our land.
Well, the best stories about Bob don't have Bob in them.
That's why they're so great.
Yeah, that's why they sell so well.
Those are all the ones in the airport.
He's hiding in between the lines.
Yeah, Stephen King has made a fortune not saying anything about Bob Dobbs.
If you take out a microscope and examine each and every eye in one of his novels,
you may discover the one eye that has the micro Bob's head above it.
Now this special copy not only bears the signatures of Popus Panteara
and of Reverend Stick, but also of Dr. Howland Owl and Reverend Ivan Stang.
Indeed, it lasts forever.
It lacks only the stinky paw print of Man Bear Pig to be complete.
And my signature even has a mistake on it.
A divine mistake.
I started to write June and then I realized it's July.
Because only Bob is perfect.
It's July now?
Bob is perfect? I thought that his secret was he was perfectly imperfect.
Well, that is the only perfection that counts, is it not?
Yep, July 1. That means we've got...
Right, we've crossed over.
I'm not very good at math, but it means we have only a few days left of this...
Yes, quite a few. I didn't realize that.
The countdown clock is counting.
Oh, we have...
Very well.
We have two fans.
Some of our biggest fans are getting set up here.
I feel famous now.
I was always hoping we'd eventually work up to two fans in the Church of the Subgenius.
Well, there they are.
You've often wondered about our two fans.
There's one on one side and one on the other side.
The Nelson ratings will explode now.
They'll double overnight.
Okay, we now have two fans blowing up here at Tarzan's radio station.
You know, speaking of...
All we need is a chem toilet, actually, right now.
Right back here. A small little porta-potty.
You know...
I could really use one right now.
Praise Bob!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
I'm concerned that the last maintenance record on the porta-potty was from 615.
Should you be concerned that the last maintenance record on the porta-potty was from 615?
No, you should not!
No, it ages like a fine wine!
Because we have a special signage that explains that those porta-potties are indeed Chico Poppy Jagers.
And that porta-potty that you chose seems to be one of the designated port-potties.
Chico Poppy Jagers, where they are not to be flushed.
That's my six!
Why does it hurt when I pee?
Did you catch it from the toilet seat?
Oh, why does it hurt when I pee?
Oh, no, there's a...
Did you catch it from the toilet seat?
I think it might be VD.
Oh, why does it hurt when I pee?
Get on stage, come on!
No, but I don't have anything else to say!
She wants to know!
Why do you never go on stage?
Why not?
Why not?
Why not?
Why not?
Why not?
What is she strip of a
nights of
Ah, what wisdom drops from the mouth of God!
Oh, no, she's shorten now, that's why she must know!
Oh, that's fate!
Oh, no, she said daddy is an perdal.





Who won't throw up his Mexico ante the day as he sees that eliminated 엄마 did just

And the quantity of vodka in my belly makes you wonder how I'm standing.
That's impressive.
The people I was just talking to thought they wondered where I've gone.
It was to, it was to, to the porta potty.
And I saw that sign that said it hadn't been serviced since 615.
It is what, 630 now?
630 or is it, is it July 1st already?
Motherfucker.
Why does it hurt when I pee?
Catch it from the porta potty.
I don't know my BBD.
Why does it hurt?
I just realized I stole this song from someone else.
Please don't publish this anywhere.
I might get sued by some hippie in Cleveland.
This is totally fair use.
Okay, that's fine.
Here we go.
Do I have an exit strategy?
Dear God, I don't have an exit strategy.
What do I do?
Sing your, sing your way out of it.
Sing your way out of it.
That's the only thing you can do.
I can steal another song.
Sing your way out of it.
Should I steal another song?
If you must.
Sing your way out of it.
Okay.
Why the fuck not?
Sing your way out of it.
I've had a lot of vodka.
Trouble night.
Trouble night.
Trouble night.
Lord, I'm blue.
And now I won't be blue always.
Cause I'm gonna come, my Lord,
come in at my back door someday.
Gonna lay, lay my head
on that old well of mine.
I don't remember the rest of the words.
Make them up.
It's time to go to sleep.
Is it time for you to sleep?
It's really time for you to sleep.
Is it the vodka you can save?
It must have been the vodka.
Was it the smell from the port-a-potty?
It must have been the smell.
Must have been the smell.
Did it weaken your constitution?
My constitution, I do decree.
It stinks in the port-a-potty.
It stinks in the port-a-potty.
It stinks.
And the end note.
Yay!
Somewhat of a sort of a kind of an answer for you.
Evidently the people that kept the records
in their port-a-sands,
they messed up and it has been serviced
since you've been there.
But you just didn't see the markings.
So don't you fear the port-a-sand is there.
And it's clear for you.
It really, really is.
Then why is it her?
When I pee?
I guess it must, it must be V-D.
Not from the port-a-potty.
Not from the port-a-potty.
I guess it must, it must be V-D.



As I must not try to pursue a political career now
It's all over, but someone's probably feeling it right now
And it's quite entertaining to listen to your boys and them singing
I had no idea that you had such low pipes
I would be happy to have you on the stage every open jam night
I love you, Annie
I love you, too!
You are so beautiful!
You are so lovely!
You are so fishy!
But you're such a flattery!
And flattery will get you lots of places
After all,
You're a real flower!
You wanna untie my shoelaces?
You're a real flower!
You're a real flower!
You're a real flower!
You're a real flower!
You're a real flower!
You're a real flower!

I've noticed that each, this is the third for me, I've been here, this is my third day
And I'm getting a little more ragged and worn out each day
I'm assuming that by the time the saucers get here I'll be almost dead
My voice worn out, but who cares?
Well, it's a very significant day, the third day, I know it was my third day
Because it was the first time I used the extra meditation chambers
I figured this must have holy significance
Oh, those, those, uh, Kim, those, oh, those are sweat lodges, those are sacred sweat lodges
May I ask a question about that?
Uh, the one near me is peculiar
You feel like a kid because your feet don't touch the floor
You don't touch the ground, you know, why are the seats so high up in the air?
Is this just a peculiarity of the one near me or are they all designed to make you feel like a kid sitting on the potty?
I thought I, I always feel like I'm a king sitting on a throne when I'm high above
So your legs are long enough to reach the ground?
No
They're not?
No, no, no, you want to be high up there so that your, your feet are dangling
Like you feel like you're in Santa Claus's lap
I feel like dragging a cinder block in here
But you're going to leave him a present
It smells like you're in Santa Claus's lap too
You are, you're in Santa's lap and you want to make sure you leave him a present here
Pilo do Crescius
What I find especially intriguing about these particular little sweat lodges is that the women usually are the ones who take a flashlight in with them
And at night you get this wonderful silhouette show
Well I just, uh, said with men if you're just using the urinal part of it you don't need light
You just can tell by the, you wave it around a little bit and when you hear a certain sound you know you're hitting the right spot
You're going for that, that certain timbre
Yeah, with the, it has a drumming sound if you're missing the little, uh, urinal area
And that's the same with the potty, you know, you kind of get the
Yeah
If it's right
The rim shot
Yeah, that came up
Otherwise you're on the wrong side of the rim
Wrong side of the rim
Wrong side of the rim
Wrong side of the rim
Wrong side of the rim
I have to say that Wakers for Bob endorses those activities
Well, Wakers for Bob, that's a Harley pursuit
But is that all you're gonna do?
Is that you're gonna try to better the chips for Bob?
Are you gonna try to wake with all your might?
Are you gonna drown the world with your subgenius seed?
You're serious?
That doesn't fucking matter!
You can still drown the world with your subgenius seed
You can kill the pigs with your subgenius seed
You can kill the pigs with your subgenius spunk
Ladies, with your subgenius female ejaculate
You can drown the world and kill people because that shit is corrosive
It'll kill people right there
And if you're not flirting with them, probably you're with the wrong guy
Because the truth of it is, like I said
What are you gonna do after you pay your $30?
Are you just gonna lay in your ass?
If you lay in your ass, that is a holy pursuit!
Then you can decide, I wanna do something else
I don't think Bob's really... I'm gonna get to catch your Bob yet
But what are you gonna do?
Are you gonna run down to City Hall and dance naked and say
You guys are full of shit!
Are you gonna praise yourself?
Like, what are you gonna do?
You're gonna say, you know what? I'm a subgenius!
I can do whatever the fuck I want!
Are you gonna take your ideas from the book and change them to be an original idea?
What the fuck are you gonna do?
Just do as my cock says!
You're gonna take my ideas and show them the opposite way.
I'm not gonna be like Y campsite
You're gonna do whatever the fuck I want!
Sing a whole song

Those betterin' ain't the other way around
Y Day
Self- specified
Subgenius.com
