To be enraged with a dumb brute that acted out of blind instinct is blasphemous.
Speak not to me, you blasphemy man. I'd strike the sun if it insulted me.
Look here, Starbuck.
All visible objects are but as pasteboard masks.
Some inscrutable yet reasoning thing puts forth the molding of their features.
The white whale tasks me.
He heaps me.
Yet he is but a mask.
Just the thing behind the mask I chiefly hate.
The malignant thing that has plagued and frightened man since time began.
The thing that mauls and mutilates our race.
Not killing us outright, but letting us live on.
With half a heart and half a lung.
God keep us, keep us all.
He rises!
I promise to cut taxes for the rich and use the poor as a cheap source of teeth for aquarium gravel.
That'll show those poor.
You're not rich.
But someday I might be rich and then people like me better watch their step.
And then this Democrat mayor gets up.
He said, wow, I think it was Donald Trump.
The people over there
Let me invite you all here to match St Curtin for a meal today.
Don't cost a pound of penis.



Make public facial ever go babe Hey, can I have a together drink with you Miss fils?
You deeply wet Istra
Can you believe?


Thank you.
Think what Donald Trump has done for us
Everyone's a fuck and their brains are full of fuss
Tra-la-lee, with the yoodle-fuck
Everybody gather up, come on, go pass the buck
Straddles get down from ain't a Seattle
Hop and skip and chop
It's time to be a sociopath and vote for Donald Trump
Part of the problem and part of the reason it takes so long
Is nobody wants to hurt each other anymore, right?
And they're being politically correct the way they take them out
Look at my African-American over here
Look at him
Are you the greatest?
I love the old days, you know what they used to do to guys like that
When they were in a place like this
They'd be carrying them on a stretcher
Oh no
No, no, will we dance, you know we don't
The ghost of less dramatics will rise up and sing the song
Pop the yoodle-bottle-dum, he's completely nude
Donald's got a boner, that's because he's not a prude
Dr. Tarzan, get involved, rise up and take a stand
Donald Trump's the guy to make America great again
Are you watching InfoWars or spitting on your chin?
Lubricate your rectum!
With your best, it will descend
Tra-la-loo, cock-a-doodle-doo
He'll deport the Mexicans, the Muslims, and the Jews
Tra-Italy-Dub, stuff your head inside your own
Join the Klan, pick out your sheet, and vote for Donald Trump
Hop or dance, goodbye to France, it's Mussolini's second chance
20 million white supremacists can't be wrong
Tra-la-loo, yip-de-diddly-do
Donald Trump, the Vladimir Putin, the Mardi Gras, the D
Ho-yo-yo, slippity-dippity-slop
It's time for all the getting, cause it's time for Donald Trump
Everyone's a dumbass and their brains are full of bluffs
It's time to build the air of love, vote for Donald Trump!
I can punch him in the face, I beg of you!
We having a good time?
USA! USA!
USA! USA!
Alright, yeah, get him out. Try not to hurt him.
If you do, I'll defend you in court, don't worry about it.
Sitting in the studio with Dr. Trump, Mr. Bob, and Santa Claus, and all these other guys
Yeah, he conquered the Martians
Hugh Hefner
Mark Twain would be here
Thomas Jefferson would be here
Woodrow Wilson, I'd like to talk, and Jackson, I'd love to talk to those guys
Jackson, that's what the times politically remind me of right now, is the times that could have been during Jackson's time
Where things were just about as crazily divided
By the eternal
Eason
He would say
Yeah, by the eternal Eason debacle
The young man, President Jackson?
Not so young, what am I saying?
Well
Drew some lines in the sand, and if you weren't on his side, you weren't on his side
And you would never get anything done with him, unless you were on his side
Well, many considered it the end of the country
That Jackson's hooligans and frontier backwoodsmen were going to be
Yeah, remind you of anything?
Only now, the guy gets atomic weapons, and he gets Vincent Gallo
Any movie by Vincent Gallo you want to see, he is right there in the library
The End
Years of War
Help however many has brought on some
Of these
Are you King Mrs.

Ring
Gaff

Crown
federated
Third
from German, the word Fricken, which means to strike. In English, Trump falls into many
grammatical categories. As a transitive verb, for instance, John trumped Shirley. As an
intransitive verb, Shirley trumps. Its meaning's not always sexual. It can be used as an adjective,
such as, John's doing all the trumping work. As part of an adverb, Shirley talks to trumping
much. As an adverb enhancing an adjective, Shirley is trumping beautiful. As a noun,
I don't give a trump. As part of a word, abso-trumping lutely, or in-trumping credible.
And, as almost every word in a sentence, trump, the trumping trumpers. As you must realize,
there aren't too many words with the versatility of trump. As in these examples describing
situations.
Such as, fraud. I got trumped. That they use Carlot. Dismay. Aw, trump it. Trouble.
I guess I'm really trumped now. Aggression. Don't trump with me, buddy. Difficulty. I
don't understand this trumping question. Inquiry. Who the trump was that? Dissatisfaction. I
don't like what the trump is going on here. Incompetence.
Charm!
I'm Cool.
I'm điMniRe
Thòl̀ỳr̀ispc̀m� Cop jorn be fеne4
There goes the confessed A- inequities!







war
exist

my
ch
daily speech. It will identify
the quality of your character
immediately. Say it
loudly and proudly.
Trump. You.
That is with him. Republicans
won't send him a single bill
he can sign. And the Democrats
aren't much better.
Blind leading is stupid.
Doug, do you
recall anything
about what happened?
Stop reminiscing about the past
and concentrate on our glorious
future. Just look at it.
With our glorious leader, our new leader,
we can all sing songs
to the glory of our new leader.
Hillary Clinton.
We've been working on this plan since day one.
It has nothing to do with the approval ratings.
But as for the election,
whose turn is it to ask today?
Is the president running in 2016?
Today, the priority is good
government. But
ask you again tomorrow.
Thank you, everyone.
The program has been banned from the air.
You know that, too.
I know, but
it's too vital to the radio.
Not only was the ban on the program overruled,
but it's also
not only on television,
but on television.
The films that I
constantly revisit
and saw repeatedly
held up longer for me over the years
not because of plot,
but because of character
and a very different approach
to stories.
We say Muslims are
out of control.
Whatever he said about the
Muslims, I care about my religion
more than this country.
And if he's willing to kick us out,
then I'm going to be very disappointed.
Being away from the neighborhood
that I grew up,
especially in the neighborhood
that he grew up in.
When they cheered on 9-11,
now you want to ban them all,
Donald Trump.
I wouldn't touch you
despite your
39.5% lead in the polls.
You hate Mexicans.
What am I doing?
Mr. Trump.
Say let's see
who's stealing.
And rape.
You want to build a wall
and make Hispanics pay it all,
Mr. Trump.
Given the choice between you
and Hillary Clinton,
I choose.
I don't want to support either of you.
This song is just going to draw more attention to Trump.
Big picture people are...
Are we doing more hard-licking?
No.
You're a nightmare, Mr. Trump.
You're a cow with sex, a stooge.
Mocking disabled reporters,
calling women ugly.
You will not run.
You will not run.
You will run by the numbers.
I will treat you.
The three words that best describe
your lack of political experience
are as follows, and I quote,
kid, kid, kid.
You're a mean one.
You're a mean one.
Mr. Trump.
Mr. Pain.
You have dear hair.
You're the electoral fungus
topped with cotton candy hair.
Mr. Trump.
Your candidacy is an appalling dump.
Overflowing with the most disgraceful assortment
of deplorable rubbish imaginable.
And you probably disapprove of this song
because it's about transphobia.
I don't see it.
Even though you don't really care.
Jesus.
Mr. Trump.
The seizing crocodile.
Shut up.
It would take an hour and a half
to learn everything there is
to learn about missiles.
I think I know most of it anyway.
My wife, Ivana,
is a brilliant manager.
I will pay her one dollar a year
and all the dresses she can buy.
I think the only difference
between me and the other candidates is
I'm more honest
and my women are more honest.
I'm more beautiful.
I build the best buildings.
And I'm the biggest developer in New York by far.
While that's real estate and this is politics.
Are they really so different?
Usually if I fire someone who's bad
I tell them how great they are.
Because I don't want to hurt people's feelings.
My fingers are long and beautiful.
That's been well documented.
Along with other various parts of my body.
My Twitter has become so powerful
that I can actually make my enemies tell the truth.
The concept of global warming
was created by the Chinese.
Sorry losers and haters,
but my IQ is one of the highest.
And you all know it.
Please don't feel stupid or insecure.
It's not your fault.
And it's not a wig.
It's my hair.
Do you want to touch it?
McCain, he's not a war hero.
He's a war hero because he was captured.
I don't want to hurt him.
I like people that weren't captured.
Okay?
What I say is what I say.
Well, I do whine because I want to win.
And I'm not happy about not winning.
I fully think apologizing is a great thing.
But you have to be wrong.
I will absolutely apologize if I'm ever wrong.
The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill.
I love Hispanics.
Some of us will probably catch it on TV
with chicken hanging from our mouths.
It's funny.
The media used to love social unrest and political uprisings.
It always meant good ratings.
When the revolution comes...
By the 1990s,
Congress decided six companies should own 90% of everything on television.
With big businesses controlling the sea of information,
people just needed someone to wake them up.
There is a calm moment before a king,
a king of kings,
a king of kings,






When a king relinquishes his throne,
but without a successor,
a power vacuum forms.
To some,
he was a political hat trick.
He got bin Laden,
started Obamacare,
and stopped the recession.
To others,
he was a war criminal
or a vaguely defined socialist threat.
They were all eager to see him go.
Obama liked his vision of America.
He wanted to keep building it,
and he needed to do it now.





needed a Democrat to pass the torch to.
But one man had a different vision.
Sounds like political presidential talk to me,
and I know people have talked to you about whether or not you want to run.
Would you ever?
Probably not, but I do get tired of seeing the country ripped off.
Why would you not?
I just don't think I really have the inclination to do it.
I love what I'm doing.
I am officially running for President of the United States,
and we are going to make our country great again.
The guy that made a living off bankrupting casinos and giving people their pink slips.
You're fired. You're fired. You're fired.
Now claimed he was going to get Americans their jobs back.
He had all the makings of a politician.
Money, fame, and a catchphrase.
And a million dollars in merchandise.
And he had a history with the media.
Donald Trump.
Donald Trump.
Donald Trump.
Did the Trump support drive the media, or did the media drive the Trump support?
As it turned out, someone else was making headlines.
Everyday Americans need a champion, and I want to be that champion.
She was the matriarch of one of the most powerful families in American politics,
and she had experience.
As a shareholder and director of our company, I'm always proud of Walmart.
There are different functions.
There are different ways that go with being involved in the activities of the First Lady.
Hillary Rodham Clinton is the 15th Secretary of State from New York.
There's only one problem.
The FBI.
They had been after the Clintons for years.
But they never got them.
20 plus years, and Bill and Hillary never got as much as the speeding ticket.
But it wasn't the Feds or Donalds she had to worry about.
Her biggest challenge would come from an unexpected place.
I'm often asked how disclosure might take place.
It'll happen on a Friday evening around 9.
The President will step up to the podium at the end of Crossfall in the East Wing,
and he will get right to the point.
My fellow Americans, this evening I'm here to tell you something quite extraordinary.
The Earth is in fact being visited by other civilizations, and has been for some time.
At the beginning of Monday morning,
there will be an engagement of the media as we prepare for what will certainly be an extraordinary new era in human history.
That's right!
We had your husband, President Clinton, on the show.
He said, I asked him about UFOs in Area 51, and if you looked in, because if I was president, that's the first thing I'd do.
I'd go right into those files and see what was going on.
Right.
And he said that he did do that.
Yes.
And that he didn't find anything.
Well, I'm going to...
Oh!
I'm going to...
I'm going to do it again.
Yeah, why not?
Right?
And you know, there's a new name.
It's Unexplained Aerial Phenomenon.
The current presidential campaign might be the first in which UFO disclosure has been championed by a major party candidate.
During a recent campaign stop in Las Vegas,
the campaign manager for Hillary Clinton,
told Politics Now host Steve Sibelius that his candidate will try to get to the bottom of the UFO question.
Mrs. Clinton told a New Hampshire newspaper she intends it's possible the planet may have been visited
and would consider creating a task force to investigate Nevada's Area 51 military base.
In the mid-90s, the Clintons were lobbied by billionaire Lawrence Rockefeller to end UFO secrecy.
Mrs. Clinton was photographed with Rockefeller while holding a book titled, Are We Alone?
I can't prove it.
But I believe that the Clinton team, having been introduced to the ET issue,
they made a determination we're going to be the disclosure president.
And so with that in mind, they begin the process of speaking to the ET issue and Podesta's the conduit.
I think it's time to open the books on the question of UFOs.
It's time to find out what the truth really is that's out there.
We ought to do it really because it's right.
We ought to do it because the American people, quite frankly, can handle the truth.
And we ought to do it because it's the law.
If we Republicans choose Donald Trump as our nominee,
the prospects for a safe and prosperous future are greatly diminished.
He's not of the temperament of the kind of society we live in.
He's not a stable, thoughtful person we need as leader.
You can see how loyal he is. He was begging for my endorsement.
Donald Trump is a fool. A fool.
Now Donald Trump tells us that he is very, very smart.
He is very, very not smart.
Attacking me, as he surely will, won't prove him any less of a fool.
It's entirely in his hands to prove me wrong.
Oh, God. Hello?
I could have said, Mitt, drop to your knees. He would have dropped to his knees.
Oh, God.
Hey, well, let's hear it, Big Don.
Don't worry about it a little, Mario.
I will be the greatest jobs president that God ever created.
I tell you that.
Obama is going to be out playing golf.
He might even be on one of my courses. I would invite him.
I actually would say, I'm not saying they're stupid.
I like China.
I just sold an apartment for $15 million to somebody from China.
Am I supposed to dislike them?
But we don't know, because we have no protection.
Islamic terrorism is eating up large portions of the Middle East.
They've become rich.
I'm in competition with them.
They just built a hotel in Syria. Can you believe this?
We have losers. We have losers.
We have people that don't have it.
We have people that are morally corrupt.
I'm really rich. I'll show you that in a second.
I have a net worth.
I'm not doing that to brag, because you know what?
I don't have to brag. I don't have to, believe it or not.
I think I am a nice person. People that know me like me.
My friend, we have traveled very far.
We have no food, no water.
Once I see my people fed, I would be honored.
No. We have a serious problem with radical Islam.
We have a tremendous problem.
And we can't be the stupid country anymore.
Where I come from, guests are treated with respect, not insulted at the gates.
Given the circumstances, my lord, I believe extreme measures are warranted.
The people that are with me 100% are the people.
What?
The Pope. The Pope was in Mexico. Do you know that?
Did everyone know that? Right?
He said negative things about me.
Dreadful.
The Pope is being told that Donald Trump is not a nice person.
Donald Trump is a very nice person.
You do not let us in. All of us will die.
I said temporarily. I didn't say permanently. I said temporarily.
We have no border. We have no control. People are flooding across.
We need to build a wall. And it has to be built quickly.
The greatest builder is me. And I would build the greatest wall you have ever seen.
And in that wall, we're going to have a beautiful, big, fat door where people can come into the country, but they have to come in illegally.
I don't think they like me very much.
This country needs somebody that's a dealmaker.
I'm giving you Commander Greyguard.
No deals. No deals. We don't make deals. Not with anybody. We don't make deals.
You mistake me, my lord. That was a command.
No, no, no, no. Excuse me. Just so you understand. We need people that know what they're doing. We don't need babies.
Are you refusing to obey my order?
Yeah. By the way, I never... I think you could say that, yeah.
Olly, bring me my sword.
They laugh at us. But they say, what about it? And they chop off heads.
They think we are so stupid. You have no idea.
Much like my head. I don't want to see it removed just yet.
I would bring back waterboarding. And I'd bring back a hell of a lot worse than waterboarding.
This is some heavy stuff.
What do you got going in here?
I think that's how the early subgenius preachers were born.
They multiplied like...
Like amoebas.
Like amoebas, yeah. They would get... They'd start swelling up, look like they're going to explode, and all of a sudden they would split into two.
Horrible, pussy...
Horrible preachers.
Yes, the trucks were filled with giant seedpods of some kind. And they're all over the highway.
See, this is the thing Dr. Howe and Philo don't like.
What I want to tell you about is what X-Day really is about.
I'm afraid the public is not ready to know.
What about the incredible two-headed transplant?
Another X-Day mistake. Yes, that one was...
There's one up in the refrigerator.
There's, uh...
Nobody notices.
All right, yes dear friends, that was an amazing set of collages.
We used a lot of puzzling evidence to show from right after the election.
And I don't know who...
Who actually did a lot of those collages.
It may have been by puzzling evidence.
It might have been by Phineas Narco of National Cynical Radio.
But we know that the song at the beginning,
Uh, it's time for Trump, was the Rudy Schwartz project.
And now, back to lonesome cowboy Dave.
I'm proud of Rudy for having at least secured the elements necessary to create the show.
Well Dave, I have a quote for us.
This is H.L. Mencken.
And he said, quote,
As democracy is perfected, the office of the president represents, more and more closely, the inner soul of the people.
On some great and glorious day, the plain folks of the land will reach their heart's desire at last,
and the White House will be occupied by a downright fool and complete narcissistic moron.
That was H.L. Mencken.
Mencken.
Mencken.
The Munchkin.
In the Baltimore Evening Sun, July 26, 1920.
1920.
Yes.
So...
Yes.
And we must remember also that even in the 40s and the 30s, all of the salivators, the great salivators,
like Citizen Kane and stuff like that, which paralleled real, real, real, real events.
For instance, especially in the case of Citizen Kane,
which was the surrogate subcontractor.
And I think that's what really exploded for the, um, for William Randolph Hearst.
The belly button boy.
He's like back-up boy group.
So...
He used to follow him.
So when Trump kicks the bucket or the crystal ball, as the case may be, like in Citizen Kane,
what will his rosebud be?
Um, I have to say it would be his hot Slovenian wife, because that would be like more of a cabbage roll with a poker type thing.
It would have to be...
No, I know what it would be.
Jose and the Argonauts, because he was such a random spitter.
And he was anti-creative.
No.
I think I know what, what Trump's rosebud would be.
He would die saying the word,
Me.
Well, Dave, all I know is we're going to need a bigger lie.
A bigger, big lie.
We're going to need a bigger, big lie.
The big lie worked for those guys, but we've got to come up with a bigger, big lie.
Well, you know the rules.
Say it three times and they'll believe it.
Keep on repeating it over and over again.
You want to say a lie, make it a big one and say it over and over and over until it finally gets in there.
Tweet it.
Tweet it over.
If you tweet it over and over.
Until the echo chamber makes it so.
I've never seen anything this dumb, but I've seen so many super dumb things happen that I'm not really surprised that things could get even dumber.
I would...
I was a little bit shocked.
I thought, this is like, well, you're right all along.
Everybody is stupid as hell.
No, that was Bob said that.
And he said that was good.
No one is dumber than me, Bob said.
But it's, you know...
We must not go quietly into that dark night of tax returns, though.
We must rebel, rouse and shout like hell before we get Stockholm.
That's cool, but you know that was Dylan Thomas and stuff like that.
That's from a Dylan Thomas poem.
Well, you know when you're...
You know what Stockholm Syndrome is, right?
Scrotum Syndrome?
Yeah, where you're taken hostage but can't handle the fear and humiliation of being a prisoner.
So you automatically start to...
Oh, Stockholm Syndrome, I thought you said.
You start to love your captors.
Yes.
Uncontrollably.
But we're not going to do that.
I just want you to know that.
You form a co-dependency, a relationship that can only be described as perverse.
And that's what we all have with the presidency.
But at least he's got some good ideas for us all to digest for the next couple weeks before.
Oh, I must say one thing because it won't be funny but it's true and I just heard about it.
That there's a strong belief that there was some diddling going on in the state of Ohio with Mr. Houston or whatever his name is.
The Secretary of State.
The Secretary of State who differed on who was a Trump supporter as opposed to the governor there in Ohio.
But there was a million vote discrepancy and the margin of error was only like about 43,000 people that Mr. Trump won by.
And yet a million people were stricken from their roles and nobody knows what happened to them.
And he was in charge of getting the ballots.
Like your ballot, perhaps even.
Well, I was going to say.
I went to so much trouble to get that absentee ballot mailed in at the last hour of the last day.
And all for nothing, I tell you.
And we should have known.
We had so many clues, Dave.
For instance, that Kellyanne Conway, first woman to run a successful presidential campaign.
Look at her name.
Conway.
Conway.
Hiding in plain sight.
And then as we heard earlier on the show, there was Hillary.
Who's obviously one of the lizard aliens.
Bragging openly about how she was going to expose the gray alien UFO conspiracy.
So obviously they had to replace her with one of their own puppets.
So it's all part of the gray versus alien secret alien overlord mob war.
And I would think that would be a great psychocognitive tool for any listener to the church of the hour of slack.
Or any potential church of the subgenius member.
Would be Hillary Clinton, Trump, and Miss, Miss Conway and all of these other different characters.
As actual little hand puppets which can be easily worn.
And that way they can diddle and dawdle the night and day away.
By, you know, hashing out all these major problems that they've internalized by listening to the media.
You know, they argue back and forth and they look at each hand.
Punch and Judy.
And then they hit each other with little sticks.
Punch and Judy.
Yeah.
And then they wake up and they're like, ah, I'm expunged like a voter, you know.
I feel relieved you're gone and missing in action.
Well, we had lots of warnings.
In Book of the Subgenius, in fact, there's this long prophetic section called Dateline for Dominance.
And I'm looking through it.
Black rogue subgenius runs for president.
Embarrasses conspiracy by freeing him.
Being American captives from third world crazy.
This was like, it predicted Barack Obama, but it predicted him for 1984.
And then we go a little bit further down.
We got to wait 20 more years for X Day then even though.
Well, no, no.
Since, right.
But that at least gives us a hope.
You know, it gives us some kind of a way to anchor what might be the real dates.
As it says.
It says.
Prez clone elected ends most aid to poor.
Mines harbors of non-American countries.
And then immediately after that, Book of the Subgenius says Prez clone.
And I'm actually reading this from a book published in 1983.
Unfortunately, it's predicting Trump for 1984.
Prez clone goes berserk.
Rapes several newscasters.
Explained away as clone.
Colon cancer surgery in conspiracy press.
It's enough to make you weep like a baby.
Yes.
Subgenius computer whiz programs Prez clone by remote control to go on radio and say he is about to bomb Russia.
Oh, wow.
Is that really true?
I mean, did you really, did Bob really predict these things so accurately and yet so twistedly?
Yes, maybe.
You're right.
Yeah, they really, they, well, it's true that Book of the Subgenius was republished in 1986.
And Dateline for Dominance did look a little different the second time around, especially regarding 1984 and 1985.
But he is reading this directly from the book.
Yeah, I am.
Here's from 1986.
Prez clone conditions public with all American He-Man characters in media.
Then bombs Mid-East City and squelches terrifying reports on acid rain.
Now that sounds like just this week's news.
I know.
And that's from 1983 book predicting 1986.
Hmm.
Popular anti-family movement disguised as pro-family movement attracts extremists from all sides.
Starts anti-subgenius witch hunt.
Which spurs Book of the Subgenius reprint site.
That may have been wishful thinking.
I don't know.
Let's hope not.
And here, the most popular prophecy, a lot of people quote this one.
A man with large breasts on his back becomes a major TV star.
My problem is I marked up this cherry copy of Book of the Subgenius.
So the next person who buys a book from us gets a book.
And that's not only my signature, but they get these little pencil marks.
Those mysterious pencil highlights by Reverend Stang.
So what have you been doing to look at the bright side, Dave?
Well, I've been thinking of some of the new edicts.
I know that you, Doug, encountered through your Twitter forays into some of the new edicts that Der Fuhrer has kind of allowed into law or expects to see happen.
Well, what we were talking about was...
Okay, first off, I mean, a lot of subgeniuses have been trying to look at the bright side.
I was telling Reverend Pease that we'd keep doing hours of slack even in the concentration camps.
And he said, oh, we're calling those Patriot Resorts.
And they're not so bad.
We'll get snacks.
I'm thinking more likely they'd be called Trump Towers.
Prisons and public housing would both be merged.
And just all called Trump Towers.
And people who score low in citizen points by not turning in enough of their fellow citizens for treason or pot smoking will have to pay much higher rent than people with high good American scores.
Like the Trump youth that report on college radio stations who break the new patriotism rule.
Yeah, I've heard about that.
If you criticize the government now, that's exactly the same as terrorism.
And it'll have the same penalties as treason.
What year would you say exactly?
I know this is a bit off topic.
But what year would you say the median franchise is the year where all anti-government or even corporate, you know, we're not divided up in that way.
We're anti-control, as many of us are anyway.
It doesn't matter whether corporate status on the right or government on the left.
It doesn't really matter.
Now I forgot what I was going to say.
They wanted that.
That's exactly what they set you up for.
They did.
They set me up for it.
I saw it coming.
They can get into your head and stop you from remembering that one good line you had.
And I'd been working on it for weeks.
And all I could see was try and make your statement neutral, party neutral, so that you don't think somebody thinks you're a Marxist alien or something like that.
What if you are a Marxist alien?
And the next thing you know, it's like, pfft.
It's a lie.
It's gone.
What's wrong with being a Marxist alien?
You say it like that's a bad thing.
Yeah.
I don't think it's a bad thing.
I just don't want to be able to, I don't want to walk down the street tomorrow and have people come up and start spitting at me and shoot me with water guns and so forth.
Or real ones.
The lizard spit is good for you.
So I've heard, I mean, it can heal eye wounds.
It's good for nostril wounds.
But I think I'm too large.
I'm a thyroid giant from the age five, you know.
And I spend a lot of time in prisons in the South.
So I don't know if that's going to make any difference.
Well, that's a good lesson.
You better be a good American, just like those good Germans we grew up hearing about.
I had to become a Sonderkommando.
Because if I didn't, I was going to fry like a fish.
Well, I'm not, I got to admit, Dave, the first couple of days I felt sick and queasy.
Of course, that may have been because of the heavy, heavy drinking I did for the first two days.
But, you know, on the other hand, I was reminded when you're a star, you know, a college radio star like me, the media lets you do anything.
You can just walk up to them and grab them by the country.
So we've been trying to keep our minds occupied by collecting and learning about microfossils.
Yes.
Out on Stang Ranch.
Do you know what a microfossil is?
It's a very teeny teeny tiny thing.
A teeny teeny tiny impression in rock of an animal that lived almost, how many, two billion years ago?
Well, the official definition is defined as fossils smaller than the president's hands or voters' brains.
Oh, yeah.
So we're talking about one millimeter things.
They're really hard to find, but they're cool looking.
I expected something like that.
I thought the measurement was going to be even less, as a matter of fact.
But yes, I know exactly what you're talking about.
It's too bad they can't just all be, you know, covered in a thin, thin chocolate candy shell.
And we could just eat them like wafers, just so airy and light.
Get it?
Airy and light.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Airy and light rather than regular.
Airy and light.
Would you hand me that top CD there, Princess Wee?
So I can see what our background music is.
At the beginning, the background music was Lonesome Cowboy Day.
Oh, I thought you were taking a shake.
Then something by Hip Sadic called Where's Bob?
Then Ed Fred's Ghetto Bob.
Moog Cookbook smells like teen spirit.
And this may be something called Lambada.
But we have Xavier Cougat coming up.
Oh, man, that would be great.
And James Bond's music.
And the swinging love horses.
That would be great.
Because I've been thinking about Xavier Cougat lately, and I don't even know why.
Well, we're not going to let him get us down.
And we can always hold out hope that Trump has been secretly just like a surrealist all along.
Like that conceptual comedian Andy Kaufman.
Trump said years ago that if he was going to run for president, he'd do it as a Republican because, quote, they're so easy to fool.
You wouldn't believe it.
And so maybe his whole plan was just to convince him.
We were talking about this earlier.
That his real plan was to convince the deplorables that he was really one of them.
But then once he got in, to totally blow their minds.
That would be great if he started making surrealist laws and proclamations.
Yes.
Which his tweets and twits almost equal to.
I would say he's beyond being a surrealist.
Now he's reached a level of...
Well, I'm just, I'm thinking, hopefully, you know, like Francis.
What if he decided one day, all dogs must wear top hats and little bow ties.
And car tires shall henceforth be made of titanium steel, but all the rest of the cars shall be made of rubber.
So speaketh God, Emperor Trump.
Things like that.
And when did you say this edict was coming into passage?
Well, no, I'm just hoping that this is the kind of thing that he's got in mind, you know, just to see what happens.
Like, if he wanted to, he could decide that daylight savings time would be held on alternating days.
Oh, yeah, like, or duck mopery and other influence situations shall be enforced on Tuesdays henceforth, hamburger days.
Right, Christmas every month.
Right.
That's the one that I was hoping for.
At least.
At least, as I sat in the backseat.
I had a huge catalog of them.
Free Adderall for redheads.
Oh, damn!
Free Atavism for other personalities and those with snotty nostrils.
The only cigarettes allowed shall be Chesterfields.
For biblical reasons.
I read the Bible. It's a good book. It's great.
It's almost as good as my book.
Only...
Oh, I like this one.
Only Christians will have access to the Bible.
Only Christians will have access to pornography or death metal.
That sanctifies the truth, brother. Amen to the amen.
And it also signifies, too, because if you ever think of, like, a yellow-pated signifying monkey,
the first thing you think of is Donald Trump.
And once that fades from your memory, you see him as a great hero type, you know, like a warlord type leader.
I could see him like as well as a Manchurian hat and maybe a real svelte belly.
You know, like a belly button doing belly dance and stuff like that.
But I can't see that happen tomorrow.
So, you know, I'm just... I'm still waiting.
Well, one of my friends...
Dr. Drummond said a vote for Trump is a vote against boredom.
I was saying, well, I like boredom.
But on the other hand, what if Trump decided that henceforth every jack in the box...
Every tenth jack in the box will be armed with explosives?
Just a little surprise every day, you know?
And only allow people who don't want things to be the ones who can have them.
Vaccinations could be available only by lottery, but for those who were chosen randomly, you'd have to take the vaccination.
Yeah.
Like, important...
Polders was maybe from 13 leavening agents and among them the most furious and furious.
Yeah.
And so lead the nation, you know?
It's the same kind of acrimony I've seen my entire life.
And now it comes...
It's spat out like a doody doody replicant mask.
Like somebody's like trying to, you know, bark everybody up in the interior and get us all to kill each other and stuff.
If global warming continues, we will build a wall around the Earth and make God pay for it.
You know, I wanted to say these like...
I'd love to contribute.
...Zach Branigan.
These are well-shared, my amigo.
All set of geniuses must wear collars with bells on them.
No farting, except by heads of state.
All diapers shall be small Confederate battle flags, but with Pokemon characters added.
North and South Korea will be deported to opposite sides of the world.
And then the two sides of the moon, with the North Koreans facing away.
Believe me, believe me.
That's what you have to preface and include the diatribe, each diatribe at the very end with, believe me, believe me, believe me, believe me.
You can try that sometimes.
He wants you to believe it.
These things are believable and, you know, when you think about the history of the world for the last 100 years,
some pretty unbelievably strange things have happened.
Well, yeah, that's why I was saying I'm not actually that surprised and that's why I was that scared.
And then I was that upset.
But...
Yes.
I've got a short little...
Some subgeniuses really just curled up in a ball of horror.
And other ones really started screaming and yelling and running out into the streets.
And...
Protesting democracy, as it were.
I have several friends that went into the fetal mode, yes.
But we have to fight back.
Yes, curling up into a ball, yes.
Fetal.
Yes.
And as long as there's a bowling alley or some sort of, you know, snarfly neighborhood where there's ice rinks and so forth,
you can always roll up one of those human beings into a small ball and go bowling with it.
You know, I don't think we have a bowling alley in this town.
I'll tell you, it is...
By Jack Straw and cockamamie, it's time that you did.
And let's think of the leader that way.
As we think of him as a rolled up bowling ball with a blonde wig, of course.
Well, you know, to hate a dumb brute that's doing things just by instinct is almost blasphemy,
as Starbucks said in Moby Dick at Starbucks.
But we had...
On the other hand, well, here's a good rant.
This is Dr. Shoggoth, one of the new guys.
Oh, yeah, praise Shoggoth.
He posted a little rant called Against Panic.
And he said, this is pretty short.
Well, stay on, brother.
This sounds like something the Joker would say in Batman.
Friends, loved ones, and country folks, you can't hashtag your way out of this.
Yes.
Donald Trump is your president.
That's democracy.
You can't protest an election away.
So put down your hashtags.
Stuff is going to get weird.
We've been through weird.
We've been training all our lives, dear mutants, to resist and uphold our integrity against a society
that increasingly insists on conformity.
We are the faithful who have trained for this exact moment.
This is not the time to panic and give in to despair.
This is what all our conversations led like a spring.
Love and hate and weirdness and wits were made for.
We can come out of this stuff better than we went into it.
This situation was made by chaos, and we know chaos.
This is a medium we can work in.
And our enemies were fools for handing this to us.
So stay strong, chippies.
When the going gets weird, the weird turns pro.
Or kill me.
Huh.
That was pretty good.
Well, that is inspirational.
Praise Reverend Chagas.
That is inspirational.
It cheered me up a little bit.
And we have to be inspirational, Dave.
That's our job.
Yep.
G. Gordon Gordon responded.
The great G. Gordon Gordon.
From Portugal, I suppose.
Somewhere where there's an expectation.
He moved to Portugal two months ago.
He was smart.
My opinion of the American body politic is rather obscure.
I'm not quite in the mood.
I need another share.
No, another porto.
A porto, yeah.
He said, I know a lot of my Yeti kin are totally bummed.
But look at it this way.
The ones who have the most invested in the system and who will suffer the most when shite
heel wrecks it will be the pinks.
So lean back, light up, and enjoy the circus.
After all, we still have slack.
We and we alone will prevail.
And we have never believed in all that government bull shite anyway.
And there are more places for you to buy frop or grow it.









And when the Trumpkins find out they've been conned because shite heel can't possibly give
them all the things they want, the fun will be even bigger.
Well, that's fine and good and great.
Yeah, it's easy for him to say from Portugal.
And then the next thing you know, I didn't know what the hell I was talking about.
That's again, that's what they want.
You were set up, Dave.
It's rigged.
It's rigged.
Your mind is rigged.
None of this really happened.
They rigged your mind.
There wasn't an Obama either.
That was all part of the dream.
They programmed all of this stuff in.
You're really lying in a tube somewhere, copper top.
Yep.
It's like the tunnel under the earth.
Our brains have all been evacuated and our memories are in plan with, you know, it's
like Strange City or whatever that one movie was.
We finally figured it out.
We figured it out.
It was all...
No, it wasn't.
It wasn't a dream.
It was real.



Here's one last comment here that was made on the Scrub Genius Forum by fellow citizen
Bork, who is in Scandinavia.
He's not even a Merkin, although he liked, he thought that G. Gordon Gordon was getting
a good European attitude towards American politics, he said, except this time a shred
of doubt has been shed on the US's commitment to NATO.
more precisely, the Trump seems to think it should be operated as an international protection money
racket. Our bettors up at the castle, who have spent the past 60 years wishing they could order
summary execution of anyone who even looks funny at the unholy first-use nuclear alliance,
are severely embarrassed and freaking the hell out. I do not like the phrases freaking the hell
out and quote first-use nuclear alliance to apply to anywhere on the same planet as me.
Thank you very much. The only thing is he didn't really say freaking the hell out. He used another
word. He said freak. Well, it's that bad word we mentioned at the beginning of the show. Trump.
Freaked the freaking Trump out of me, man. I'm trumped up, dude. I can't handle this.
I gotta come. Do you got anything that'll make me come down, man?
A mandamin from the X-Thor.
You have any thorsian or like valium or liberal or any of that stuff?
I don't know, man. Just trump it.
I told you I had a private mandamin from the X-Thor.
I need some damn it all.
At least it was the wizard. The wizard.
Wizard.
But those guys are really sharp and medium.
I mean, they're very, very cruel.
They catch one false breath.
If one inarticulate.
The next thing you know, you're doing time in Tuba, Tuba, French, Sardinia or Siberia or someplace.
Waving your arms at people that don't exist no more.
We call those patriot resorts. I told you.
Yeah.
Yeah, and you get treats.
Trump Towers.
Well, we have to go now.
Well, may you not go straddling quietly into that good night.
Because it's, well, just because. That's why.
We shall overcome.
We shall get our air force flown by beautiful subgeniuses and invade Fort Knox in Kentucky.
Steal all the gold and buy Trump from himself.
With the help of James Bond and ZZ Top.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, you just have to imagine the fabulous background music, Dave.
It's not silently.
Not silently.
Well, actually, it's right on Fort.
Knox from the movie Goldfinger.
I believe by John Barry.
Anyway, friends, there is hope and we are going to save the universe.
Yes.
As the swinging love corpses are going to explain to us as soon as we get our harpoons sharpened.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Hail Connie.
Take these harpoons and lances.
Melt them down.
Forge me new weapons that will strike deep and hold fast.
But do not douse them in water.
They must have a proper baptism.
What say ye, all ye men?
Will you give as much blood as shall be needed to temper the steel?
To my anger now add your own.
You be the cogs that fit my wheel.
The gunpowder that takes my torch.
A gunpowder that takes my torch.
Yes.
When we were born.
When we were born.
When we were born.
Born into this life
We were destined to make it right
And it's predetermined
And this is our fate
We're singing this song
So you can relate
We are going to save the universe
We are going to save the universe
We are going to save the universe
This time
We are full grown
We are grown up men
We are all bastards
We hate to reason it
We are all bastards
We are all bastards
It is our mission
It is our task
It's obvious
Yet useless
We are going to save the universe
We are going to save the universe
We are going to save the universe
This time
We are going to save the universe
We are going to save the universe
Don't you worry
Don't you worry
Don't you worry
Don't you worry
Don't you worry
We are rich, don't have no fears, don't get out of sight, because we are this year. We can't wait, so we understand, we're in control, and we are more than a fan.
We are gone, to save the universe.
We are gone!
We are gone!
Well, men and gentlemen,
I only am escaped, alone, to tell thee.
For free information, see www.patreon.com
www.subgenius.com
Praise Bob!
Become a minister.
You'll see photos and a list of all the stuff you get, and you really do get to go to the Scrub Genius Forum,
which is members only, where we talk in ways that people don't talk on Facebook.
Much, much smarter ways, ironically enough.
Isn't that funny?
We also have things like T-shirts and damn near everything you can think of with Bob's face on it.
That and a huge selection of other subgenius graphics.
And we sell several.
Very weird.
DVDs and CDs of the Bob songs and old MP3 stashes of this show.
And best of all, from our main online store, you can buy the book of the subgenius, which is by far the greatest thing we've ever done.
It's an actual Simon & Schuster book, 22 bucks, in print for over 30 years, and every copy that we send out is signed by yours truly.
For that matter, your address on the puffy envelope is handwritten by me also.
Keep my fingers nimble.
That's subgenius.com, and remember, it's only money.
