... a choice of a primordial importance, because Japan does not forgive divorce.
Hi, I've missed somebody.
I'm here tonight to talk about the rights of the unconceived.
That's right, you heard me right children.
The rights of the unconceived.
Those as yet not conceived.
Abstinence has been said on this stage already tonight, but it bears repeating. Abstinence is murder.
We're talking about going into a singles bar and protecting the rights of thousands of potential unborn people.
I don't understand you.
I just don't understand you.
I don't understand.
I don't understand the things you say.
I can't understand a single word.
I don't understand you.
I don't understand you.
I just don't understand you.
I heard a sound. I turned around.
Turned around to find the thing that made the sound.
The Soap Genius Hour of Swag.
Designed to make those synapses fire. Designed to make that blood circulate. Designed to make that heart throb even harder.
Yes. Causing vasoconstriction and violent headaches at times.
I'm going to go to the spooky post office.
Get the evil mail.
Yes.
And then...
And then...
Oh, the lobotomy. That's right. I have an appointment for a lobotomy.
Who?
Who?

This is a scary neighborhood this morning. Strangely silent.
No one on the streets.
Are the kids all in school or have they all been taken away to the future?
To be kept as slaves on Mars?
Ha.
Ha.
Ha.
Ha.
Ha.
It was born for good luck.
And that you can see.
I got seventeen dollars.
So don't you mess with me.
Don't you know I'm here.
Oh.

Oh.
Oh.
Everybody knows I'm here.
Somebody knows I'm here.
Oh.
Oh.
Jerry Givensindeら, eighth grader from the late ol Delos ind frågg,
Don't you know?
Chick will shoot some Şeyda?
They are
овой
happened to it? He fell from grace, yeah. All great men have their fall, and he met his, that's for sure.
Wasn't he present in Carbonite? Who runs the Subgenius Foundation now? Me, Dr. Philodrum, and like it was always
intended, I've taken over the Subgenius Foundation. You mean you're a corporate corporation?
What? You're now in Dallas, Texas. Listen, this is more international than Dallas anymore.
Sure, that's a fine place to be born, but you know, the boy grows up and has to go out into the world.
I know, he has to go west, young man. It's the same thing over and over. It's like all the bad old movies you watch.
Oh, he's Hawaii, that's great. Let's go. Well, what's your question, caller?
Well, I was just wondering. You thought Ivan Stang was going to give a better show than we do, huh?
Is that what it boils down to? Well, you know, you don't have to hit me in the corner about it.
Where's the kill button here?
No, no.
It's right over there, doctor. There, that should teach these callers what happened when they got too big for their britches.
I was just kidding, caller. I don't...
Too late. You snuffed him. He's gone.
I was just looking around and hit that button.
Well, you just looked at him and he blew up.
I want to clear... I don't want anybody to think there's any rivalry between Reverend Stang and myself.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
But, uh...
Well, look, I mean, there's only so much I can say. My lawyers really caution me not to say very much about...

Oh, what a...
...the situation because it could be damaging in the upcoming situation.
I won't refer to it or really lead you on as to think it could be anything more than that.
Stay calm. Everything will be all right.
The door seems to be jammed.
Please check the lock on your side.
You get him from where you are.
We won't harm you.
We only want to help you.
Look, I just punched up one and I'm opening...
Should we zoom the...
...dead?
Yeah, so it's best to go back to two and really...
That's it. Okay, now watch that reading and as it...
Watch the needle on five now. Watch it.
This knob is...
Which is the switch to get it out?
Master...
Okay, there we are.
What is the real dope on the cortex bond problem anyway?
Oh, you find yourself with...
What if you...
And I punched two up.
Tonight we have a very special show for you.
Tonight we have Jesus.
Is that your cognomen?
Yeah, Reverend Jesus Christ of the Church of the Subgenius.
Okay, and...
You can just call me Jesus or...
The Lord, Teacher, Messiah, King of Kings, JC.
JC, one of those.
And the Subgenius is an organization.
The Subgenius Foundation, is it?
Right, the Subgenius Foundation is more of the...
I'm the CFO of the Subgenius Foundation,
which is sort of the capitalistic branch of the Church of the Subgenius.
The Church of the Subgenius is actually the religion around it.
I mostly just run sort of the t-shirt and book-selling side of it.
I brought the money, the tax collectors and change collectors back into the church, actually, I feel.
I see, so you righted the table.
Exactly.
Okay, well, there, that works.
And you can perform marriages.
That's true.
Well, anyone who's ordained in our church, we have a...
Much like, different than many other religions, we have a one-time $30 fee.
We sell eternal salvation, or triple your money back.
That's been our promise for over 25 years.
And anyone who is ordained, as myself, through the church,
which you can do on...
Can I put my shameless plug?
Okay, no money.
You can't say money, but you can say the website.
www.subgenius.com
But all of our reverends, yes, can perform marriages,
sickenings, healings, and we'll marry you to anyone or anything.
We don't really have any laws.
I can marry you to your wallet, to your Dr. Demento hat.
Well, there you go.
Has that been auctioned off?
That's been auctioned off.
The Dr. Demento top hat.
That's on my website, Rome.org, R-O-M-M.
That was auctioned off at MarsCon.
I got to wear it briefly, and it was special.
I can marry you to your radio station.
In fact, I can marry everyone to everyone.
How did you happen to become a messiah?
Was that just a calling?
Yeah, it was more of a calling.
It was sort of an accident.
I sort of fell into it.
I was mowing the lawn of Reverend Ivan Stang,
who is kind of given the credit of founding the Church of the Subgenius.
Actually, J.R. Bob Dobbs is the founder,
but Reverend Stang sort of has picked up the word.
And one day, almost like a miracle,
I received a call from J.R. Bob Dobbs,
and he said to come work for the church in Dallas, Texas.
We now, of course, are located in Austin, Texas.
You know, a lot of moving.
The church tends to stay on its feet, you know,
just to avoid FBI, CIA, and such.
But, yeah.
It was sort of a revelation one day
when we realized that, you know,
my personal divinity and my calling
to save the Church of the Subgenius from financial ruin.
I see.
So, did you have to get dunked or shaken
or whatever branch that is?
We have.
Well, within the church, we have what we call baptisms,
which are usually done nude
with a lot of people present during our X-Day festival.
But, personally, no, there's no light,
no, you know, blinding light from,
from Bob.
There was just simply a phone call,
and he said,
Hey, you're Jesus, and by the way,
I'd like you to come work for me.
And that's, that's pretty much how it all started.
Yeah.
How many disciples do you have?
Um, well, not many.
You see, the strange thing is,
once I realized that I was the Lord and my own divinity,
I kind of looked back at history and what had happened before.
I said, where?
This is perfect.
If I just stay within the Church of the Subgenius
amongst the disbelievers and the blasphemers of the world,
no one will ever find me,
and perhaps I could sort of sneak out,
and this is my 33rd year of life,
and this is the year it's supposed to happen.
Um, and I'm hoping that, um,
that because I'm around the disbelievers,
that I won't get nailed to the stick this time.
So I have very few disciples,
because really no one does truly believe that I am the Lord,
and as long as I can keep that low profile,
I think I'll be okay.
Well, do you want to go through the same experience
that the other one is going through in the...
No, absolutely not.
Absolutely not.
I've been promised by Bob,
now, I know you don't know a lot about our philosophy, but...
Not a lot.
We believe that on July 5th, uh, this year,
the world will come to an end,
and all the saved subgeniuses,
that is, those of the non-human race,
those of the subgenius race,
will be taken up aboard the, uh, space vessels of the sex goddesses.
And I, too, am supposed to be, have a front seat ticket
on that space vessel,
and hopefully then I won't have to go through the whipping
and the bleeding and, you know, you've seen The Passion, or...
Well, I've heard about it.
Yeah, me too.
It's a relatively well-known story, so I...
Yeah.
Been around for a while.
Been around for a while, and, um,
that's, uh, so what is your philosophy?
I mean, how do you, do you, what are some of your major holidays?
Um, well, our main holiday is X-Day.
That would be the end of the world.
Um, that is July 5th at 7 AM,
and this is, I believe, the sixth time
that we've predicted the end of the world,
and it hasn't happened, um,
so that puts us right up with some of the greatest of all religions.
That's true, you're up with the Millerites, yes.
Yeah.
So, uh, we're hoping this time, you know,
maybe after we get seven or eight, you know,
we can get even better than, like, let's say,
the Jehovah Witnesses or, you know,
the Seventh-day Adventists, you know.
Um, but X-Day is our main holiday that we have.
There are some other ones in there,
St. Janer's Day and, and such.
Um, I've always advocated that a subgenius holiday
should happen exactly five days after the conspiracy holiday,
so you can hit all the good sales.
But, you know, that's...
That works for me, yeah, sure.
And, um, do you, is there any sort of dietary restrictions?
No, no, uh, uh,
no subgenius, we eat just about near anything.
I'll tell you, well, our, our group is very eclectic.
Um, it is a group of people who, uh,
seriously believe almost nothing,
or those who will believe just about anything.
Um, the philosophy itself is based in a,
on the shifty, sandy beaches of, of hypocrisy.
We're the one of the few churches,
and this is what lacks in religion today, Baron,
is we're one of the few religions that not only lie,
but we try to keep them alive.
We tell you the truth about it.
Um, the rest of them are gonna lie to you.
We're the only ones that are gonna honestly tell you right now,
we're lying to you.
So, kind of making the philosophy up as you go.
That is, that's pretty unique, it's true.
Most of them just sort of say,
well, this is the truth in various forms,
and whether they're lying or not, they'll just claim it's the truth.
Correct.
One of the things that, um, Bob has, has always told us is that, uh,
pretty much if you say it, it is the law.
You know, whatever it is that you truly want to believe,
um, we want, Bob once said to us,
you'll pay to know what you really think.
And really that's where it's based in.
We also have the fundamental belief in slack.
Slack.
And that is, yes, the, the, the non-ending chase
for fulfillment of your own personal dreams, whatever that may be.
Which they should cut you.
Yes, and you should get, everyone should cut you some slack, right?
That's, that's right.
But in the meantime, here is an apropos song.
This is, uh, Jesus Jr.
Jesus Jr.
His grandpa is the Lord.
Jesus Jr.
He drives a big white Ford.
Jesus Jr.
He takes his dad's advice.
Jesus Jr.
The country of Western Christ.
Well, he was born in Tennessee, not somewhere out in Galilee.
His dad got his at Calvary and his mom works at the grocery.
Jesus Jr.
His grandpa is the Lord.
Jesus Jr.
He drives a big white Ford.
Jesus Jr.
His grandma marries Joy.
Father, son, and a holy good ol' boy.
Well, Junior takes his name in vain
when folks abuse the passing lame
and at his favorite bar main.
The only thing he'll raise is Cain.
Jesus Jr., his grandpa is the Lord
Jesus Jr., he drives a big white Ford
Jesus Jr., at least he's not a Jew
Ten for Satan, his rig's passing you
Now if his wheels get stuck in mud
He'll part that shoulder lock with flood
And when he drives on he stir
But his left hand signals dripping blood
Jesus Jr., his grandpa is the Lord
Jesus Jr., got mudguards on his big white Ford
Jesus Jr., he takes his dads and buys
Jesus Jr., the country western Christ
Jesus Jr., the country western Christ
Because of our special guest,
although my name is Dave Rome,
you're listening to Shockwave Radio Theater,
and over there is Jesus.
Not the one with the nails,
but the one with the subgenius.
The one with the checkbook.
The one with the checkbook.
And the Church of the Subgenius
has been around for a while, hasn't it?
Yeah, we originally, well some people say
that the church was originally founded
back in the 60s, but the first book,
the Book of the Subgenius,
and pamphlet number one was penned in 1980.
As you may or may not know,
we also have the Hour of Slack radio
program that's on in many public radio
stations and colleges across the United States
and in Canada, and that's been going on
also since that time.
So we have our own ministry of merchandise.
How do you convert people?
What do you say to them as they're coming
out of the Scientology booth or whatever?
Most of our people, it's very difficult
to know where you're going to find a subgenius
or what's going to draw them to us.
Sometimes it's...
Sometimes it's...
Sometimes it's hearing the preacher,
sometimes it's the books,
sometimes it's Bob.
Mostly it's just the promise of cheap sex
that really draws in most of our members.
Okay, well sure.
And how did you happen to pick Jesus
as your savior as opposed to the Dalai Lama
or the chief rabbi or the, I don't know...
Well, actually the savior, I guess you can think of
actually the Jesus of the Church of the Subgenius
is not really me.
The subgenius is me.
The leader behind it all is Bob.
J.R. Bob Dobbs is the world's greatest salesman.
He's a multi-millionaire.
Actually, he's a multi-billionaire.
Many people think Bill Gates is the richest man
in the world.
Friends, if you know the name of the richest man
in the world, he's not the richest man in the world.
There are people who can buy and sell Bill Gates
and J.R. Bob Dobbs happens to be one of these.
And not only is he the richest man,
but he also is the luckiest man.
And that is pretty much how he made his money.
Bob always said, I'd rather be lucky
than good any day.
And he is.
Extremely lucky.
Okay.
And so, that's...
Some of...
Let me start that sentence again.
Describe some of your more pleasant rituals.
We have a lot of, like I said earlier,
healings, sickenings.
The marriage ritual, I think, is the...
Would you mind if I married your entire audience today?
I mean, I can do that.
A mass marriage real quick?
Sure.
It'll only take about 30 seconds or so.
Okay, so all of you out there,
be prepared to get hitched.
Yeah, what you want to do...

And maybe we can come back after a little while
and at least let you find your significant other.
Man, woman, animal.
Again, we can marry you to your wallet.
Or your favorite CD.
To your favorite CD.
Just, you know, grab anything,
but you do want to have it prepared and with you.
The marriage ceremony,
is there something that we need to do?
Sprinkle rice or...
I don't know.
No, you simply just need to have the person or object
that you wish to marry with you.
In thought?
Do they have to physically be there?
No, they don't even have to really be there.
No, they don't have to physically be there.
No, they don't even have to physically be there.
In fact, you can call them up later
and let them know that you're married.
Now, this is what we call a short-duration personal marriage.
I see.
We feel that long-term relationships
are, you know, really a part of the conspiracy.
So, today's marriage ceremony,
at least for this one that we're doing over there,
will just be for 24 hours.
I see.
And then, of course, it's annulled.
But during that 24 hours,
you are legally bonded in holy matrimony.
Okay.
So, I'll play the fake organ here.
Oh, are we ready?
Yes, go for it.
Are you ready to do it?
Well, what are you going to get married to there, Baron?
I think I'll get married to this Kinky Friedman CD.
Okay, that's appropriate.
I'm going to do sort of the short version here
of the subgenius short-duration personal marriage.
The first thing you want to do, though,
is take out your CD or your favorite person,
your loved one or your wallet,
and you want to just hold it in your left hand.
Something that means something to you.
Something that means something to you.
And I'll just do this.
Everyone can just do it.
Just play along at home,
but I'll do it with the Baron here.
Baron, in the name of J.R. Bob Dobbs
and what other deities, gods, and saints
you may wish to worship at this time,
do you take this CD
to be your lawfully wedded object
for the next 24 hours?
Oh.
That's a yes.
It's a yes.
And do you, CD, take...
the Baron David Rahm to be your lawfully wedded partner
at least for the next 24 hours
till death do us part?
Yes, the clapping of the CD.
Then, now this is something you could do
if you actually have a human.
This might be difficult with a CD.
Shake their hand and say,
it's a deal.
And friends, in the name of J.R. Bob Dobbs
and the Church of the Subgenius,
that was the quickest short-duration marriage on record,
I now pronounce you thing and thing
for the next 24 hours.
Praise Bob.
Wow, yeah.
I, I, and I, and I've discussed this with the CD,
but I really only got married for the health insurance.
You must now consummate the marriage.
Oh, I forgot that part.
Oh.
Well, I already played the CD.
Well, I don't, yeah, you, you can wait till after.
Okay.
I don't, I don't necessarily want to see that.
You can wait till after the show.
Um, okay.
Um, sure.
Do you have a lot of, um, luck proselytizing
when you go out and spread the word?
Well, I, I, yeah, I think we do.
I think people, it's a message that people want to hear.
Um, and, you know, we really don't collect feedback.
Uh, I don't think we really care whether or not we're getting through.
We mostly just preach with big megaphones.
Sort of a one-way communication.
We just sort of, you know, uh, force our message on to people.
I mean, that's just the way of religion.
That's right.
You know, we don't really care.
Well, do you have, do you have gatherings?
I mean, I went to one of your big gatherings in 1984.
It was a while ago.
Uh, that was a big thing in Chicago.
Yeah, we have, um, what we call devivals.
Subgenius.
Subgenius devivals.
And, in fact, a lot of them take place, um, uh, in the north.
The frozen north in places such as Cleveland, Ohio.
And, um, if you want to know more about these devivals
and when you can go to them, see preachers,
see some subgenius music, um, go to our website.
It's simply subgenius.com.
Maybe I should spell that for the geniuses out there.
No, they're subgeniuses, right?
S-U-B-G-E-N-I-U-S.
There's no O in subgenius.
Some people try to put it in there.
And if you do, then you know you belong.
You belong to our group, right?
That's right.
The subgenius is an interesting word.
A lot of people think that it means that, uh,
believe that that means that you're stupid.
You're under a genius.
But, truly, it's the genius of the subculture
is what it was supposed to be.
I know there was a rival group,
the Wile E. Coyote Super Genius branch
that had split off.
I don't know if that was a heresy of yours or just...
Well, there's a lot of...
We do have a lot of, uh, clenches
and a lot of detractors that will go out
and form their own groups.
The Church of Dawn.
Uh, some of you know that.
Some of you may have heard of.
It's a pretty popular group, but...
Church of Dawn.
Yeah, it's sort of the anti-Bob group
for the people who hate Bob, but...
I should think the anti-Bob would be Odo.
No, Obo.
Obo.
Obo, you know, strangely enough,
you know, Baron, that's why you are a great subgenius
because there is an anti-Bob named Obo.
It's amazing.
It's just like it's already been in your brain.
Well, there you go.
The electric mind is one that can achieve
a versatile, high-quality self-medication.
Oh, I was, uh, excuse me.
I didn't realize you were going to open the door.
I should have locked it.
Oh, well, um, now...
Oh, oh, oh, hold on, hold on.
You know, science doesn't acknowledge
the existence of some of these transient phenomena.
After all, science must basically, uh...
Well, I've been using this brain,
I mean, this machine for years.
And science says,
it doesn't even work.
And yet, I found it to be greatly, uh, satisfying
and pleasing to my alpha rhythms.
Not only that, the, uh, yes,
the vibrations that get processed
when the brain is in motion
is one that can only be reflected back upon oneself
with the proper polarity
and reversal transmission migration,
uh, um, mutated, uh, magnetic resonances.
Magnetic mutants?
Getting you down?
Mutated.
Well, there's always one thing you can do about it.
You can, uh...
We only use the word mutant.
...dispense these, um...
To apply to those...
...altered ones, let's call them.
...similar, but less elaborate.
...who cluster around the more fortunate...
...like magnetic monopoles in a cloud chamber.
What are we to do with this social solace?
It's a question we've asked since the beginning of time.
Are we going to sweep the problem under the societal rug?
Is it...
Or perhaps...
...perhaps...
...use the societal vacuum cleaner...
...or Corinthian leather?
...in the societal...
...closet...
...to suck up every particle...
...of that which makes us...
...uncomfortable...
Is it simulated, Naga High?
...or afraid?
But some of us understand...
From where does the Naga originate?
...that all men are my brothers,
though I wouldn't want some of them to marry my sister.
And which...
Furthermore, it's not only humans...

...who find themselves punctured by this predicament.
According to the latest scientific information,
male marmosets...
...have highly of sex.
A Naga is related to the marmoset.
The Naga, you say?
The Naga.
It's related to the marmoset.
Naga is the source of the Naga hide.
Of Naga hide, yes, that's right.
But I was speaking of male marmosets and their high approval of sex.
In other words, the realm of monkey love.
The mighty monkey.
Upon noticing the seductive sex...
Did you know that the marmoset...

...was the set of a female marmoset?
...was the size of a human that it could lift its own body and a house?
A male...
...inside the house.
...marmoset doesn't pursue her mindlessly.
Male marmosets appear to think about, not just react to, what they're getting into.
Just as people do.
Would they?
Well, they said that, but then their actions would belie their true intent.
That's it. It's time for Haku's by Dave.
I'm sorry, but you're gonna have to listen to...
No.
I once was a very happy young man.
At the age of five, my father taught me how to bleed and stop the bleeding in case an emergency involving a garbage truck should ever ensue.
At 19, I took my first banking down by the river with a thermonuclear device.
And it sure made Mom and Dad awful happy to see the ganglia growing back again the way they did in summertime.
The time of those days gone by.
The ganglia's all here, Ma.
Just look at that.
The little scamps coming right back.
Look, the punk is grabbing too much stuff in his usual, sit your ass down and listen to this family story.
It's almost like we hadn't done nothing to him in the first place.
No, he's still as miserable and stinky as...
Let's do it to him again.
Ungrateful as he ever was.
He was a red-headed stepchild, Dave was.
And they yanked him by that red hair and threw him into the well.
Until he learned respect for his elders.
And so here he is today.
Thank you, thank you everyone.
Let's have a hand.
Thank you.
He's giving Elder Dingleberry their props now as Dave with his beautiful, not only red hair, but his entirely red face is ready to face an entire world.
The basketball team armed with AK-40.
With the Spanish officer.
Oh, the soy.


He's a little early in his dream Authority, or should you say adult?
Yeah.
And heiry's off to see readers.


The TV plays by this guy on the seabed.

Courtesy from the one that stars.

JAZ esto que te cogite.
Are closer than they seem
But they're backwards like Leonardo's hand
He wrote all of the answers down in disappearing ink
And I'm happy, yes I'm happy
As a goddamn clam
I'm happy, oh I'm happy enough
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
There's music at the mini-mart
There's rhythm in the rails
I gotta think for sixteenth notes
But at the top
I was just about to crack it
But the code got tough
You ask me if I'm happy
Guess I'm happy enough
Dot, dot, dot, dash, dash, dash, dot, dot, dot
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
We were doodling in the margins of the Domestika book
You could draw a dick but not a crowd
So we turned it up loud
And we sang it real rough
Did it make you happy?
Made me happy enough
Oh, I guess it made me happy
Made me happy enough
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
I was digging through my bottom drawer of uncut gems
Looking for a ruby in the rough
Hold my beer while I wrestle with the clown and get pinned
Ask me if I'm happy, guess I'm happy enough
I guess, guess, guess, guess I'm happy enough
Hey, love is all around you if you know where to look
My life is overflowing with the stuff
You'll know it when you see it, it'll hit you like a book
Guess it made me happy, made me happy enough
Ask me if I'm happy, guess I'm happy enough
I'm happy, happy, happy, happy, happy enough
I'm hap, hap, hap, hap, hap, hap, hap, hap, happy enough
That was Bob Walkenhorst, known for The Rainmakers,
a year-old song called Happy Enough.
He has a Patreon set up,
you can get a song a month,
and you can get his books and paintings.
Before that, well, this episode, number 1,824,
started with some old puzzling evidence show from KPFA Berkeley,
then we heard my old partner Jesus on somebody else's show,
which I really enjoyed,
then some more puzzling evidence with Dr. Philo Drummond and Dr. Hal,
then the origin of Lonesome Cowboy Dave
on the old ESO Swamp Radio Show on WCSB,
hosted by Chaz Smith.
Almost every old subgenius on this show,
who's still alive, I talked to this week.
Here's another one, Father Joe Mama, known as Papa Joe,
on the puzzling evidence show Engaging with Callers.
Incidentally, Papa Joe will be at the Florida Ex Day this July,
as will I and Dr. Hal.
Customer service?
Yes, dear.
Papa Joe here, and you know, you're far too young to remember this,
but when I was a boy,
we didn't have any of these weaklings,
Jesus with a handgun.
We only prayed to an almighty God that puts fear,
fear in his disciples.
I'm talking about Jesus with a hand grenade.
Fear in his cereal?
No, Jesus, back in my day, Jesus had AK-47.
Jesus had a Stinger missile.
I understand, that's the old world.
You're in new thinking now.
See, that's what's happened today.
People get sloughed off with these cheap imitations.
Yeah, but Papa Joe Mama, I can't even have a list of high-ranking officials
that were there that night and were actually such geniuses.
All right, punch it up.
Well, it has been alleged that certain hierarchies
have carried weapons of destruction on their persons during public appearances,
but this is merely a defensive measure, let me assure you.
These allegations of opening up on the audience,
dispensing with people that didn't applaud loud enough,
these are...
These are purely exaggerations.
Okay, all right, there was some shooting on the audience,
but it was target practice.
We were deliberately missing.
Tell the truth.
Okay, okay, so, all right, a few people were hit,
but that was from...
What a beautiful future it is.
Listen, what I lie to you, what I lie to you...
We're the elite of the world.
Those people that died, those were people that wanted to die.
They didn't...
They jumped up in the line of fire.
If you lied to me, what about that night you told me you were...
Well, never mind.
Never mind.
Never mind.
Quote the Raven, never mind.
Never mind.
Never mind.
Never mind.
Never mind.
Never mind.
There's a place where there's no sun to shine A little planet called X19
No flowing rivers, no communists Just pours, vapor, and electric mist
What do you know?
What do you know?
What do you know?
What do you know?
She's driving me crazy
Ah, the view is hazy
Oh no, it happened again
And every time I say
I'll never fly with lizard eyes
And turn the other way
Then you find you came to swim in water
That is free and flowing in a night sky
Of a land beyond, beyond a world of hope and fear
And so I bid you space man
Now I'm here
Now I'm here
Now I'm here
Now I'm here
Now I'm here
There's a place where there's no sunshine
A little planet called X-1-9
No flowing rivers, no communists
Just poison, vapor and electric mist
What do you know?
What do you know?
What do you know?
What do you know?
She's driving me mad
I see you now
I see you now
I see you now
Oh no, it happened again
And every time it goes
I put her in my sights
I jump like Geronimo
Then you find you came to swim in water
That is free and flowing in a night sky
Of a land beyond, beyond a world of hope and fear
And so I bid you space man
Now I'm here
Now I'm here
Now I'm here
Now I'm here
living in a first global,
living in the the collateral
Do I get what I deserve here?

Ah, there's no time for here
Barren snow
Epstein's Secret Orchestra, a song about Planet X from the rare album Sex in Another Dimension.
I've worked with that Cleveland band for years.
Michelle George on electric violin, Dave DeLuca on guitar, Bob Mosick drums, Regis Sedlock mixing.
Well, sir, ma'am, X days are coming, including an actual real-life gathering at Landa Id in Florida.
I'm about to play audio of the section about X Day Drills from Sandy Boone's new documentary,
J.R. Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius, now streaming everywhere but Netflix.
The voices you'll hear are Irreverent Friday Jones, Papa Joe Mama, Dr. Legume, Onan Canobite, Hal Robbins, Doug Wellman, me, and Dr. Philo Drummond.
The
The countdown has begun.
It's like Christmas, you know.
Santa's coming.
Santa's coming real soon.
We've got the shortwave.
Tune in and hear Santa delivering.
These little gifts of death and destruction.
That X Day, you always see all sorts of different people, and they all have this kind of common sense of humor, a warped sense of humor, a dark sense of humor.
And I find dark sense of humor to be the most fascinating type of sense of humor because it's taboo.
You can talk about all these taboo subjects and make jokes about things that polite company would find extremely distasteful.
Find out if he's really Jewish.
Make him Jewish if he's not.
Yeah!
It was cool as s**t.
I was a socially awkward person, and suddenly, you know, after a couple of sermons, I could go to half the towns on the East Coast and people would open their doors to me, buy me dinner.
About a week ago, I had a vision of 7 o'clock coming and Reverend Stein getting up on stage and making some kind of lame excuse why the saucers didn't come.
And some bent dumbass out in the audience just putting a bullet in.
We're missing Jesus and Steve.
Perhaps there are some amongst us that are worried that if nothing shows up in 20 minutes, they're going to get themselves beat to a bloody pulp.
It's a white limo blowing up!
It is a white limousine!
Hail the limousine!
Of course, there's tremendous feeling of anticipation.
20 years ago, I thought 1998 was a million years off.
Jeez, it's really coming. This is really happening.
This is the original handwritten note in J.R. Bob Dobbs' own hand that says,
The world ends July 5th at 7 a.m. 1998.
This is the original paper touched by Bob.
It's been difficult.
It's been difficult to be patient, but I knew that if I just persevered, I'd be able to say goodbye from above, from the saucers.
Here's this joke that I've been telling myself and other people for over half my life.
13, 12, 11, 6, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2...



You! What!
Mob?
If they can't take a job!
And then the saucers didn't show up.
At one time, this date was comfortably far in the future.
But it has turned out that the pleasure saucers of the sex goddesses did not descend on that occasion to lift us all off.
Into universes of slag.
Everybody was looking around.
Looking around at each other.
He's a charlatan!
Yeah!
That fucking charlatan you've been lying to us all these years!
There ain't no Bob Dobbs, this dude don't know!
He just got me!
I just got him!
I had a real philosophical problem with the X-Day thing, and I still have a hard time remembering the date.
Because in any religion, if you have an end-of-the-world date, I think it should be written into the bylaws that that date has to happen long after you, the person, and the person who's going to be there.

And issuing the date is dead.
You don't put it just a few years later.
We never really expected the church to go to 1998.
Back in 1981, we set 98 out there because it was still way out there.
We tried to warn him, children.
He wouldn't listen.
You can't take all the money, all the girls, and all the slag, and never have to pay it back.
We're gonna need a good lubricant, aren't we, children?
I guess to be honest, I'd have to say that I never really expected any flying saucers.
To be honest, a lot of this stuff is really, really stupid.
But I guess a lot of people need something really stupid in their lives to give it meaning.
I don't know, it's still a pretty beautiful world we've got here.
And Bob is still a very important part of my life.
And always will be.
There was some sense that, now what?
Who do you think is going to buy this town?
Oh?

We ate lots of mushrooms to commune with nature
How are we to know we'd have to move our ship later?
Five hundred colors flashed into my brain
My cell division occurred in three or four planes
My brain was blasted, my head feeling fixed
My eyeballs protruded but I didn't get sick
We packed up our tips but we kept seeing dots
Then we found that the peak had gotten all the best spots
So we got high, so high, dark, dark mountains
Yeah, we got high, so high, dark, dark mountains
The people were happy, they were all having fun
While Dr. Sparob was farming skulls in the sun
The corpses were all dead
The cops were swinging, their love did abound
The average corpse floated a foot off the ground
The bandit there, God was speaking his name
While the doctors on the plant show were claiming their fame
Sparkdog explosion and combo gang fight
Finish this then, just in time for lunch
And we got high, so high, dark, dark mountains
Yeah, we got high, so high, dark, dark mountains
On top of a swimming pool
Showed our hands to see who could stop us
Really good at it, could be fry-fresh
Woman may grow tall, just like mins
ah yes dear friends
the swinging love corpses
I'm gonna go back there, I'll even meet the Pope
Better make it to Dark Stock or just give up hope
The dead will be walking, maybe Bob will appear
The sound of chainsaws will be all that you hear
Now I'm gonna go back, and I won't be stopped
I'm gonna go back to smoke the ultimate frog
You just can't imagine what it's like to go
When reality's on hold and Dark Stock's the show
We go high, go high, Dark Stock Mountain
We go high, go high, Dark Stock Mountain
Oh yeah, I went way up high on Dark Stock Mountain
I climbed down, I climbed up all the way up

I went all the way to the top
I took everything you could think of
I shot beer, I smoked heroin
I started marijuana
I stuck a stiff glue
I put barbiturate repositories in my rectal cavity
The Swingin' Love
I could see the corpses, Philo on vocals
That song is about the pre-X-Day subgenius events called Dark Stock
But it perfectly describes the average X-Day drill as well
And now, Oingo Boingo
Tiny people with little guns
Little armies march to the little drums
What do they want? What do they want?
Tiny soldiers with little guns
To tanks no bigger than your thumb
They want you
Little people with tiny brains
Little bullets flowing in their veins
What do they want? What do they want?
Little airplanes with tiny bombs
To squadrons dropping dimples on their palm
They want you
You, you, yeah, you, you, you
Tonight
ensuite

count
Le
sixty- Eye-opener
Oh, yeah
Tiny people with little guns
Little armies march
To little drums
What do they want?
What do they want?
Tiny soldiers with little guns
Little tanks
No bigger than your thumb
They want you, you
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Tiny people
Little guns
Tiny people
Little guns
Tiny people
Little guns
That's such a perfect image
for what we're going through right now
what's trying to pierce our humble little books
And there you see
once the administration
is in place
The administration is in place now
You know, at least with Clinton
it was a literal
screw
When they said you were getting screwed
that's exactly what
they meant, I mean, that's what it was
That meant if you were like
some blonde fired
This secondary thing, it's like
think how many Monica Lewinsky's
there are in between us and George now
and none of them are cute
None of them are even women
They're just more ugly old white men
all the way down the line
except for a few old white women
who are really ugly old white men
in disguise
Well, that is where our power structure is today
We have 500
ugly old women disguised
as 500 ugly old women
Now there's like thousands of them
and most of them don't even look as much like a woman as she does
Or even as much like Janet
But they're the same much
and not that, you know, I mean, hey
I don't judge a book by its cover
I judge it by its
I judge it by how many pages are stuck together
Here you come fully equipped with a bunch of those
Janis Joplin or Janet Reno
who sings the blues better
Who sang the blues better?
Has a, well like, with a grading system of 10 to 9
What, what, what do you, um, in what way?
Who had more soul?
Who had the greater range?
Come on, man
Who does ball and chain better might be another way to look at it
which would give you
That was erudite
That was laconic
That was lugubrious
I mean, I mean, forget all of that
That was quick
That was a panacea
Love is like a ball and a chain, yay, yay, yay, yay, baby
Oh my gosh
Oh my God, we just watched one of his strangest words
We're, we're looking at the internet monitor right now
We're not going to get the internet porno on the radio anymore
Higgins, forgive the bluntness, but if I'm to be in this business, I shall be responsible for the girl
I hope it's clearly understood that no advantage is to be taken of her position
What, that thing?
Sacred, I assure you
Come now, Higgins, you know what I mean, this is no trifling matter
Are you a man of good character where women are concerned?
Have you ever met a man of good character where women are concerned?
Yes, very frequently
Well, I haven't
I find the moment that a woman makes friends with me, she becomes jealous, exacting, suspicious, and a damn nuisance
And I find the moment that I make friends with a woman, I become selfish and tyrannical
So here I am, a confirmed old bachelor and likely to remain so
Well, after all, Pickering, I'm an ordinary man who desires nothing more than just an ordinary chance to live exactly as he likes and do precisely what he wants
An average man of mine, of no eccentric whim, who likes to live his life free of strife, doing whatever he thinks is best for him
Well, just an ordinary man
But let a woman in your life, and your serenity is through, she'll redecorate your home from the cellar to the dome
Then go on to the enthralling fun of overhauling your home

Let a woman in your life, and you're up against a wall
Make a plan and you will find she has something else in mind
And so rather than do either, you do something else that neither likes at all
You want to talk of Keats or Milton, she only wants to talk of love
You go to see a play or ballet and spend it searching for her glove
Let a woman in your life, and you enjoy the fun of overhauling your home from the cellar to the dome
And fight eternal strife
Let them buy their wedding bands for those anxious little hands
I'd be equally as willing for a dentist to be drilling than to ever let a woman in my life
I'm a very gentle man, even-tempered and good-natured, whom you never hear complain
Who has the milk of human kindness by the court in every vein
A patient man am I, down to my fingertips
The sort who never could, ever would, let an insulting remark escape his lips
A very gentle man
But let a woman in your life, and patient hasn't got a chance
She will beg you for advice, your reply will be concise, and she'll listen very nicely
Then go out and do precisely what she says, and you'll be happy to see her again
And she'll tell you what she wants
You were a man of grace and pollock, who never spoke above a hush
Now all at once you're using language that would make a sailor blush
Let a woman in your life, and you're plunging in a knife
Let the others of my sex tie the knot around their necks
I'd prefer a new edition of the Spanish Inquisition than to ever let a woman in my life
I'm a quiet living man, who prefers to spend the evenings in the silence of his room
Who likes an atmosphere as restful as an undiscovered tomb
A pensive man am I, of philosophic joy
Who likes to meditate, contemplate, free from human fear
A man that is mad in human noise
Quiet living man
But let a woman in your life, and your sabbatical is through
In a line that never ends, come an army of her friends
Come to jabber and to chatter and to tell her what the matter is with you
She'll have a booming, boisterous family, who will descend on you en masse
She'll have a large, wagnarian mother
With a voice that shatters glass
Let a woman in your life
Hey, Marquis San Francisco boy, I say this to you
Never let a woman in your life
..
..
..
I shall never let a woman in your life
A woman in my life.
Rex Harrison singing in My Fair Lady.
Of course, by the end of the show, he's singing a different tune.
A friend of mine said that was his theme song when he was 14.
Anyway, friends, this is Hour of Slack.
And for more information on pretty much anything, start with subgenius.com
and then follow any old rabbit hole you jolly well please.
Please. They're all bottomless.
That's subgenius.com for all the Facebook pages, Google forums,
Discord and Mastodon and whatnot forums and the X Day events, whatever.
It's there. And with that, I'm out of here.
Praise Bob.
Thanks to the Empire Jazz Orchestra there for the music.
