That thing was created to live in a poisoned world.
The rain came and it was pure.
Man created it, but God destroyed it.
He brought the rain and fresh air.
If he couldn't live, then neither could the others of his kind.
There was a voice on the radio while you were gone.
There are others out there.
We got a little behind, although some would call it big.
So this Hour of Slack number 1,547 is actually a rerun of Hour of Slack number 825,
which had the title Good All-Around Show from the year of 2002.
It's got some great bits from the late Chaz Smith's ESO radio on WCN.
And from our old tape album, Media Barrage 5,
plus ranting and collages that were current back then,
and yet still hold true today.
So now, let us return to 2002.
Our advanced analyzer software helps you quickly sort through expensive diapers
and our streaming data platforms.
page enables you to size up body parts.
It lives on contaminated flesh.
It thrives on contaminated air.
Things that kill men nourish it.
The things that kill men nourish it.
Oh, no.
Wait.
Oh, shut the...
Dave.
Dave.
Dave, I'm not kidding.
Shut the door.
Dave.
Oh, shit.
It's too late.
I'm getting out of here.
Are they all in here now?
Sorry, I'm putting my suit on.
Everybody, get in your suit.
Get in your bio suit now.
Don't panic.
Don't panic.
Suit up, boys.
All hatches are closing.
All hatches are closing.
The audience is puking.
Well, welcome to another journey to Endless Vista.
Our favorite destination here for the pre-meet people.
Those of you human-trips.
That's out there.
I want to give it a shout.
And that's the Hour of Slug.
Time again for the Hour of Slug.
The Hour of Slug.
Man, this is like the best, best show I've ever seen in the lounge, man.
And making time go by so fast.
You're on drugs, dude.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.



On all of them tonight.
Did you try the Sumerian tablets again?
No, no.
I don't think I'll do that again.
Oh, man.
I had a thing with a knife like a toff in the middle of my forebrain last night.
Yeah.
And you can be with Bob and be listening to the teachings that come through.
And I tell you, friends, if you can just get that, if you can just pull out that wallet,
pull it out of your pocket, pull it out of your purse.
Lay your hands on the radio.
Lay your hands on the radio there in the home.
Hold it.
Hold it.
Hold it now.
Now, this is government.
This is government business.
And if you stay, you're interfering with government property.
So you better just go on home.
Oh, friends, I just, I can, the miracle of the Bob world is unfolding in front of me now.
I can see in the spirit through my windshield, I see superimposed over this mix master across
which I drive.
I can see an ocean of self-realized subjection.
I can see the geniuses all in one place.
They're waiting up to their knees in blood, but it's the blood of the baptism of the mighty
fist face of Bob.
The face that can pile through eight foot thick titanium steel conspiracy Fort Knox
doors.
The face that can burn through metal with that mighty pipe.
Cobb had promised to show them where he buried the bodies.
They brought in a dog.
He daverted to help locate the bodies.
They scoured the two victims.
I was done for that.
That the two to eventually the searchers discovered easy squeeze, vacant, priceless.
The world never had a true account of that test.
What are you trying to tell me?
Coyote, lots of game in here now contaminated game fighting for life.
Just like we are.
Quality value style.
Sir.
Service selection, convenience, economy, savings, performance, experience, hospitality,
low rates, friendly service, name brands, easy terms, affordable prices, money back
guarantee, free installation, free admission, free appraisal, free alterations, free delivery,
free estimates, free home trial and free parking.
No cash, no problem.
No kidding.
No fuss.
No must.
No risk.
No obligation.
No red tape.
No down payment.
No entry fee.
No hidden charges.
No purchase necessary.
No one will call on you.
No payments or interest till September.
But limited time only though.
So act now.
Order today.
Send no money.
Offer good while supplies last.
Two to a customer.
Each item sold separately.
Batteries not included.
Mileage may vary.
All sales are final.
Allow six weeks for delivery.
Some items not available.
Some assembly required.
Some restrictions may apply.
So come on in.
Come on in.
So come on in.
Come on in for a free demonstration and a free consultation with our friendly professional staff.
Our experienced and knowledgeable sales representatives will help you make a successful business.
We'll give you a free gift collection that's just right for you and just right for your budget.
And say, don't forget to pick up your free gift.
A classic deluxe custom designer luxury prestige high quality premium select gourmet pocket pencil sharpener.
Yours for the asking.
No purchase necessary.
It's our way of saying thank you.
And if you act now, we'll include an extra added free complimentary bonus gift.
A classic deluxe custom designer luxury prestige high quality premium select gourmet combination
key ring magnifying glass and garden hose in a genuine imitation leather style carrying case with authentic vinyl trim.
Yours for the asking.
No purchase necessary.
It's our way of saying thank you.
Actually, it's our way of saying bend over just a little bit farther so we can stick this big advertising dick up your ass a little bit deeper.
A little bit deeper.
A little bit deeper.
And you open the door and you step inside.
We're inside our hearts.
Now imagine your pain is a white ball of healing light.
That's right.
Your pain, the pain itself, is a white ball of healing light.
I don't think so.
Yeah.

This is your life.
Good to the last drop.
It doesn't get any better than this.
This is your life.
And it's ending one minute at a time.
This isn't a seminar.
This isn't a weekend retreat.
Where you are now, you can't even imagine what the bottom will be like.
Only after disaster can we be resurrected.
It's only after you die, you will be able to experience the last drop that all it takes


You've lost everything, then you're free to do anything
Nothing is static, everything is appalling
Everything is falling apart
This is your life, this is your life, this is your life, this is your life
Doesn't get any better than this
This is your life, this is your life, this is your life, this is your life
And it's bending one minute at a time
You are not a beautiful and unique snowflake
You are the same decaying organic matter as everything else
We are all part of the same compoosie
We are the all singing, all dancing crap of the world
You are not your bank account
You are not the clothes you wear
You are not the contents of your wallet
You are not your bowel cancer
You are not your grande latte
You are not the car you drive
You are not your fucking techies
You have to give up
You have to give up
You have to realize that someday you will die
Until you know that you are useless
I say let me never be complete
I say may I never be content
I say deliver me from Swedish furniture
I say deliver me from clever art
I say deliver me from clear skin and perfect teeth
I say you have to give up
I say evolve
And let the chips fall where they may
This is your life
This is your life
This is your life
This is your life
Doesn't get any better than this
This is your life
This is your life
This is your life
This is your life
And it's bending one minute at a time
You have to give up
You have to give up
I want you to hit me as hard as you can
I want you to hit me as hard as you can
Welcome to Fight Club
If this is your first night
You have to fight
And friends that was
Yes from the Fight Club
Dust Brothers
This is your life
The name of that
Scientologists call me a bigot
I'm here with the court facts
It's a music picket
It's for all the critics and the lurkers who dig it
Cause we know we give some rickets when we kick it like this
Pill popping up so we know
We're a life beating friend
Cheating, check bouncing, ass balling
Race hating, gold bombing
Humble balling, coke sniffing
Chain smoking, salad poisoning
War and dodging
No good at con man
L. Ron Hubbard was a man of his word
But his words were lies
And turds fat like his thighs
And were so oversized
It devised my capacity
To measure his insanity
I wonder if he planned to be the fraud
Like he turned out all burned out
With no will then two wills
And then with an ass full of vitriol
Music that mocks Scientology
Pill popping up so we know
A life beating friend cheating
Cheating, check bouncing, ass balling
Race hating, gold bombing
Humble balling, coke sniffing
Chain smoking, salad poisoning
War and dodging
No good at con man
He lied for a living
Always taking, never giving
Anything but orders
A hoarder of money and guns and drugs
And thugs and intelligence
It's a good thing that his lackeys were incompetent
Operation Snow White showed right through
The disguise of propriety
The mask of legality
The near was stripped away
To show us the true face
Of the Church of Scientology
Their actual philosophy
Make money, make more money
You're starving
Make money, make more money







Make money, make more money
Make money, make more money
Mary Sue Hubbard and 10 other clans
Revenge, we jailed for a sinister plan
To infiltrate and wiretap the world's governments
Find info that can harm them
Steal files and documents
And try to sneak away with them
But guess who got caught
In a paranoid plot
What?
It was Mary Sue
What's Hubbard gonna do?
You think he stepped in to save the day?
No fucking way
That coward hid until his dying day
Make money, make more money
Make money, make more money
She'll take money
Take money battle
Scientology what can be said?
Shiptorn from the head of a mad man that stead and gone
There's something very wrong with Ron
His Dong dont work
The guy's a jerk
His wall of shit ain't real
You fake Charlie
Take tricks from Poppa'sthem
Spitch for followers who take the fence
Dale K so all stars will
You digits
Lil poppin' stommた
Swiggin wine
Beats by chain
She ain't got nice
Whalarm
Make money, make more money.
Make money, make more money.
Make money, make more money.
Oh, make money, make more money mix, friends.
That was the El Queso All Stars.
And that is a band song.
Apparently the Church of Scientology insisted that they remove that and various other things from mp3.com.
But I'm going to tell you where to get more El Queso All Stars.
And that is mp3.com slash El Queso All Stars.
And I trust you know how to spell El Queso.
They also have an mp3.com called Interbulator.
So check out Interbulator.
The El Queso All Stars, friends.
I'm the world's biggest fan of the El Queso All Stars.
Yeah.
Sign up.
Sign up today.
You could be leaving on that jet plane.
Jumping from 10,000 feet.
Yeah, baby.
What did I have queued up here?
Oh, hang on.
Here, listen to this.
I did not, my friends.
7.30.
God has given pastor a message of faith for you.
A message of faith for you.
The devil have gone far enough.
The devil have gone far enough.
Prayer warriors, meet me on my knees.
On your knees Friday night at 7.30.
And listen now, my friends.
The prayer tower is open.
Prayer warriors, the prayer tower is open right now.
You that need prayer.
My God.
Prayer warriors.
The prayer team are sitting by the telephones.
Right now to pray the prayer of faith for you.
Prayer warriors.
His name is Jesus.
Oh, make your heart sing.
The point is, ladies and gentlemen.
What?
That greed, for lack of a better word, is good.
Greed is right.
Greed works.
Greed clarifies, cuts through, and captures the essence of an evolutionary spirit.
Greed in all of its forms.
Greed for life, for money, for love, knowledge has marked the upward surge of mankind and
greed.
You must.
And Yale first.
Quite frankly.
And by that, I keeps coming up with an unfortunateので energetic subtitle.
The culture thwarted the
and кнопk.
and Stre丨 y n guards.
ate ritual and brakes on.

fell a ton of time off building a building up G most likelyfun.
I'm so lonesome I could die
So kiss me and smile for me
Tell me that you'll wait for me
Hold me like you'll never let me go
Cause I'm leaving on a jet plane
Don't know when I'll be back again
Oh babe, I hate to go
So many times I let you down
There's so many times I fucked around
I tell you now, they don't mean nothing
Cause every place I go I'll think of you
Every song I sing I'll sing for you
When I come back I'll bring your wedding ring
So kiss me and smile for me
Tell me that you'll wait for me
Hold me like you'll never let me go
Cause I'm leaving on a jet plane
Don't know when I'll be back again
Oh babe, I hate to go
Now the time has come to leave you
One more time and let me kiss you
Close your eyes and I'll be on my own way
Dream about the day
So come, but I won't have to leave alone
About the times that I won't have to say
Oh kiss me and smile for me
Tell me that you'll wait for me
Hold me like you'll never let me, never let me go
Cause I'm leaving on a jet plane
Don't know when I'll be back again
Oh babe, I hate to go
Yeah
Gubba, gubba, hey!
Gubba, gubba, hey!
We do not accept any of you
They don't make music like they used to back in the day
Remember the old days of the caravans
When the minstrels would carry their own doodads over their shoulders
And stop in many a squalid town
We got up early in the morning back in them days
We do not accept any of you
We do not accept any of you

With a cobalt lantern
And wait for those trumpeters to appear
On the horizon area
And then everybody in town would show up
And pay us their 14, 15 cents, whatever we charged
Those were the days
Remember that, you guys?
Just a rambling band
Oh, you were unconscious
Yeah, they killed us
Yeah, they killed you
Well, they didn't really kill you
They knocked you into a coma
And we had to take care of you
But you were the most wonderful thing on the sideshow
I've heard those were great times
Oh, we used to put ice cream cones on your shoulders and have little kids pee on you.
We'd just spoof and goof on you any way we could.
Chaz, do you remember those days?
Those were the days.
They're gone, though.
Back in the day, Chaz would forget how to play the piano once in a while,
and we'd just stick you up there like as the stiff
and pretend like your fingers, your little digits, passed the wordle.
I wish I could remember.
Oh, I wish.
Oh, man.
I think we were a tribe of wandering Hindus, perhaps.
Oh, that was another reincarnation tale.
Wandering bohemians.
Gypsies on the road of life.
Zingar.
And Chiton.
Or living death, as the case may be.
Oui, nous sommes Chiton.
We are gypsies.
We travel here, we travel there.
Leaving our little sperm banks everywhere.
That's the story of Coco Paley, is to impregnate each individual town.
That's what Kerouac said we should do.
That's what Bob did.
Bob did do it.
And that's...
That's much to his credit and also his discredit
because of the miscreant mutant monsters that have sprung up in his backyard.
Those cute little bastards.
Cute, perhaps, for those with strange binocular-shaped eyeglasses.
Brad Williams!
Who's knocking on the wall?
Uh, Chet.
Uh, Chet.
Chet.
Hello, faithful listeners.
This is the Colonel, the overseer of the slaves known as Four Letter Words, also known as the manager.
This album is laden with subliminal messages, here to teach you about the subgenius, the cult of the subgenius, and J.R. Bob Dobbs.
And, by the way, can I get a jalapeno?
Jalapeno!
Jalapeno.
Jalapeno.
I also want to tell you, by the way, this is protected by the B, the O, and the B, with the D.
Pinkies!
Pinkies!
Bob Dog! He came from outer space!
Extend, Don Troy, all you pinks, stay away!
Extend, Don Troy, all you pinks, stay away!
Extend, Don Troy, all you pinks, stay away!
Extend, Don Troy, all you pinks, stay away!
Oh my Bob?
He's a master of slack!
Bob Dog! Don't think he'll stab you in the back!
Bob Dog! He's got a zoom pipe!
Bob Dog! Have a look into the hack!
Bob Dog! He can say all that he thinks!
Bob Dog! Nourish me your names!
Bob Dog! Extend, Don Troy!
Bob Dog! 57 Wow, he really is voilà!
Bob Dog! All the chicks dig!
Bob Dog! He ain't even fucking pig!
Bob Dog! He's gotta briefcase!
Bob Dog! He came from outer space!
Extend, Don Troy, all you pinks, stay away!
Extend, Don Troy, all you pinks, stay away!
Extend, Don Troy, all you pinks, stay away!
Extend, Don Troy, all you pinks, stay away!
He's a master of slack
Bob Dogg
Pigs stab you in the back
Bob Dogg
He's got us in pipe
Bob Dogg
Never listens to the hype
Bob Dogg
Pops stay at Don's Way
Bob Dogg
His pop's gonna stay
Bob Dogg
He can sell anything
Bob Dogg
Probably doesn't underrate
Bob Dogg
All the chicks dig
Bob Dogg
He ain't even fucking big
Bob Dogg
He's got a briefcase
Bob Dogg
He can't get better straight
X-Men's on its way
All you pigs stay away
X-Men's on its way
All you pigs stay away
X-Men's on its way
All you pigs stay away
X-Men's on its way
All you pigs stay away
Yes, dear friends.
Amazing.
A new song by a mystery band
called The Four Letter Words.
I'm not sure how I got that.
I'm confused.
It was in my computer
under the directory labeled
Two Beans
as if it were that
that young worthy Two Beans
who had submitted it.
But it just doesn't sound like him
because it's
a bit slicker.
Friends, we've also heard
and will continue to hear
a great bit of
the old subgenius
Media Barrage No. 5
which is being remixed
for the CD world.
It was composed back in
that time
known as the day.
Yes, the day
when Bob walked the earth,
my friends.
When the hour of slack
was about
nothing but
that man
J.R. Bob Dobbs,
that one
pipe-smoking salesman
who has brought us
this church of the subgenius.
And what is the church
of the subgenius, my friend?
It is the voice
of the people
who have simply had enough
and will no longer tolerate
the normal's assault
against decency
or indecency as the case may be
with an exciting new attitude.
And a positive solution-oriented approach.
The tide can and will
be turned, my friend.
Through faith and prayer
followed by action
we shall overcome.
Ah, yes.
Yes, my friends.
The church of the subgenius
is an educational missionary effort
to offer a tried, proven,
and tested subjection
to the
most vulnerable.
Ah, yes.
I've used more water
in the last two months
than I have in 64 years.
Maybe that's why
you're still alive, Pete.
Hmm.
Oh, that is all right.
But many of you
may have forgotten

when I was a girl.

Not true!
parting with the limp,
amidst a frenzied spirit
requests for enhanced
and бал parentheses.




I am Dr. Dooley.
Hi, M Zepp.
Dudie, did you know


is actually a must-have

to all car field cover.


cows into one body. A fifth leg right out of a rear end. Come now and see them here. Here
they are. Strange mistakes of Mother Nature. One look at them will tell you more than a
thousand words of mine. Oh, Tony, you and me belong together. We're poured out of the
same mold. I wouldn't make a book on that baby. I hope this clears up any confusion
and that you will continue doing business with us, even though we are a cadre of goat-raping
mountain hens with only spotty regard for dental hygiene. You know, I see some real
gold in the church of the subgenius and odd ways from unexpected corners and satisfyingly
regular intervals. Once you turn on the wipers and clear the windshield of bullshit, bouts
of clumsiness, vertiginous logistics, moth-ridden wallets, slips of the tongue that make you
skid all the way into the kitchen, you'll be in a state of shock.
I just like the Harlem Buster works here. As such, aotional procession of fireimpression
in theод minded Iranian
bodies, so I'd list them all here.
Kill me. You, hah. I haven't had a good laugh all day.
We are the Borg. You will be assimilated. Resistance is pointless.
Tarantulation is irrelevant.
A squid eating dough in a polyethylene bag is fast and bulbous, got me?
I'm afraid he's going out of his mind. He seems to live in a world all of his own.
He's a mutation, Rick. Freak of this new atomic world of ours.
What's his name? Bob. Bob. Ain't that a bitch?
Is he alive or dead? I see thoughts within his head.
Running as fast as they can, Iron Man lives again.
Done with Mr. Giant but his time understands.
Was it just the
technology thing that reallyraineTake my arm off my neckj varryators 누가
Rush to overheadслish Literas at chrome'sav тот
We're going to be playing the farfisa
It's a wonderful instrument
Look over here with Uncle Cherry
Oh, you were magnificent last night
That's right
I love your wearing all four legs and that strange hat
It's actually a beacon to another cosmos
A parallel dimension
I loved it
This show hurts my head
Oh, God, my head is hurting
This show is an anthem to Christians
And other like-minded American products
Eat your cheese
Digest your Jizzles
Think your raggy tag thoughts
Go to the mall
Go to the mall
Go to the mall
Chaz was just having sex with the volume knob
With Britney
Some people scratch and actually, you know, take care of each
I wouldn't even know
I wouldn't know a damn Britney Spears song
I'm so out of it
I've become just like Batman living in a bat
I like Christina and they call her the bad girl of the duo
And they also call her the loser
Zip it up!






I like her actually in some sport contests
I like Mariah Carey since she's become a dumpy has-been
I like Moses in a big red dress
Slatternly
Sighted
Overgun look
I like the Buddha in a miniskirt
Used up young
28 going on 58
I like the Dobbs, man
I just made her five years younger
I'm a Dobbs whacker
Yeah
Pictures of Bob Dobbs in my sex room
My purple and pink pillows covered with pictures of Bob
Yeah, man, it's my love den
And all you young ladies are invited in
Check it out
Here's a glow-in-the-dark Bob skull
Complete with a pipe that gets you high
Check out some of these fake Bob organs on the wall
All these were made by Bob
He defies all the laws of Bob's life

Man and God
There may be an entirely new set of laws, Jim
That we know nothing about
Come out and say what you mean
I'm only guessing
The mockery of everything that's decent and wholesome
And I challenge you to point out national talk shows
That do not belittle sexual fidelity, purity
That they do not belittle the marriage union and the family lifestyle
That they don't literally flaunt illicit lifestyle
I mean, I challenge you to show me a talk show that doesn't make light of God
The Subgenius Foundation
The Reverend Ivan Stang
And Dr. Philo Drummond
I'm glad that we have warning messages on everything now
Yeah
So that there's product liability
There is no product liability anymore
I mean, people can't be
It's a good thing we stamp it on everything now
Because, you know, for a while there
Lawyers were just getting rich
From people that, you know, they walk up
They hit themselves up and say, you know, you're a bad guy





You're a bad guy



Because they couldn't aim it
And then they would sue the hammer company and win, you know
And it's like, so now they put a label on a hammer
That says, do not hit yourself in the head with this
And think you can get some money
Yeah
It all depends who wins the argument
Oh, definitely, certainly
No, people that lose arguments generally don't win
Generally
What happens?
If you find something offensive on a major label
It's a good thing you don't do it
Unless, of course, the object was to lose
Yeah
Maybe
Yeah, if it doesn't have, like, a parental advisory label
And you find something offensive on it
Like, and then you let a kid listen to it
Can you then sue the major label?
A good lawyer can win the argument
Probably could
But, you know, it all depends how good the listener is
I think if a kid listens to a record
That's got the parental warning on it
And then he still goes out and kills
They can sue the label
Sue the parents for not heeding the warning
Sue negatively
Yeah, that's what I would do
You can always sue the parents for not being good parents
No matter what
They're sort of like the last resort
I mean, even if you were suing a major company
And they weren't getting what you wanted
You could always sue the president of the company's parents
For raising him wrong
And then you could shake them down for a few bucks, you know
Hey, it's the 20th century
Whatever you can do about it





We're here to have a good time
Let's get on with it
So long as it doesn't cause a murder
There he is, standing there
In his fleshy flesh here
100% flesh
Yeah, man, what you got there playing right now?
We're talking
And we were playing the sexual organ
We're talking about how dumb Chaz's students are
And we were making fun of his feces for crying out loud
The guy still doesn't believe it's a democratic oligarchy
We're not playing any music
We're living in today
I'll tell you what, man
That stuff is really bumming me and the fellas out
Oh, man
You want me to play Britney again?
No, man
I don't want you to play some Britney
I want some real, man
You're bumming me and my fellas out
Oh, you tickled our cockles
I'm sipping on some steel reserves
That sounds like the reverend
There's something for you
Just for you, brother
This song is going out just to you and your brothers
Right up
Now the time
Here
Up, right, up, right, up, right up
Sign up today, kids
If you're sitting on your ass at home right now
Wondering what the hell you're gonna do tomorrow
Hell, there's a recruitment officer
Sitting downtown waiting to talk to you
You'll never have to make another choice
Low pay
Three meals a day
Ill-fitting uniforms and crabby hair
No more fox of your own
Just fine
You'll be happy
You'll learn cool songs
And you'll be happy
You'll get to sing all day long
Come home in a cool body bag
You'll be all you can be
You are an army of one
Be all you can be interred as
With your head blowed off
No, you get to blow the other people's heads off
This is my church
There are other churches like it
But this one is mine
I just want my enforcing
If I die in combat
Remember, soldier
American forces are impregnable
I intend to make of you
A steel pillar
A horse of iron
Capable of creating enemies
As well as destroying enemies
The world is your enemy, soldier
Get that smile off your face
And get it in the dirt where it belongs
Yeah, you'll have fun
Yeah
You'll get to meet that guy
What CD am I playing with?
Let me go to my car
Hey, man, who was that guy?
This is the one I like, babe
Hey, Stan, who was that guy?
Man
Now, Chaz, you're not being sarcastic, are you?
Because if it weren't for our armed forces, you know
We wouldn't enjoy the freedom to
Mock our freedom like we do
No, no, I'm not being facetious
I think they should sign up
Stan, you are not allowed to mock our freedom
I think 20-year-olds should goddamn sign up
Well, you were right
Put in a couple of fucking years
And learn what it's like to be in the real world
These kids 20 years old in college
Have no freaking idea what the real world's anything about
Chaz wants to put two X's on Generation X
He wants to put an X on each eye, if you know what I mean
Sign up, kids
You'll get to learn these cool songs
And that's more employment for us kids
Because when you come home in a beautiful, dull, plastic body bag
That means we get more
I had a girl down in New Orleans
I had a girl down in New Orleans
14 youngins and a can of beans
14 youngins and a can of beans
She was motivated
She was motivated
She was motivated
She was dedicated
She was dedicated
She was motivated
She was motivated
She was dedicated
She was dedicated
Llori Hadallaya
Llori Hadallaya
I love to draw the time
I love to draw the time
Listen to the rhythm
Run with Marines
Run with Marines, man
Run with Marines
Run with the Marines
I'm about to be run with the Wolfs
Or any other services there
The merchant marine chan
Merchant Marines, yeah.
Carol Wack was in the Merchant Marines show.
How about there's real good drugs in the Navy, I've heard.
The Coast Guard guys get laid all the time.
Can't I just sign them for a few marine biology courses in college and won't that deal with it?
But you must wear the special uniform, Jazz.
Oh, the marine biologist uniform is very beautiful.
There's a whale on each shoulder.
I was going to major in marine biology.
Isn't that the same as two years in the USMC?
It's the same as two years in Leavenworth, man.
Give up that idea.
That's a false school in Dobbs Town.
I was going to go study iceberg flows.
Hmm.
Yeah.
Better you should study dental flows and the mountain flows.
Well, you know what, did you hear about the latest high that's out there?
No.
It turns out that iceberg flows, which is water that's about 15,000 years old from the last ice age,
is covered in a coating of bird shit that is equally as old.
And in that time period, when you scrape the bird crap,
off of the iceberg, dry it up.
50,000 year old bird crap.
Dry it up.
You scrape it off.
You drop it on like a mirror or something.
Take a hair dryer and dry it all up.
Ecstasy viruses.
And then scrape it up with a razor blade and stuff that dry remnant up in a pipe and smoke it.
50,000 year old bird crap.
American ingenuity.
From icebergs.
Yeah.
Iceberg crap.
Ancient.
Yeah.
Our ancestors actually probably dinosaurs' frooms are on there also.
Just think of all the different things we can do with this.
Besides snort it.
We could probably process it down.
What about modern day?
What's the difference between 50,000 year old bird crap and modern day?
I have no idea.
It may be the compression after, you know, all that time.
Is the air better than with the birds?
Yeah, maybe.
Actually, eat the hemp seeds.
The atmosphere of the Pleistocene age was composed of 15% frop smoke.
Well, 15,000 years ago, you know, every couple of thousand years,
all the water on Earth is recycled, meaning it's all, you know, urine.
You know, all the water on Earth has been recycled.
It's been in somebody's bladder before it was in yours.
And that's a condition we're in right now.
But at that time period, there was a lot less of that.
Now, here's an idea for you.
Let's put it in the Pleistocene era.
You know how some people spend a lot of money on water, really pure water?
Yeah.
They harvest icebergs.
That is something.
Think about moon water, Joe, or asteroid water, or comet water that has never been in a dinosaur.
That's a big deal.
Or a bladder.
There is water out there that has never been inside a life form.
It has been pretty much in pure water form since the beginning of creation.
H-2-O and nothing more.
Now, is George W. Bush and H. Ross Perot sitting at their special country club at the Bohemian Grove
sipping on some moon water while you have to drink out of a public fountain?
Oh, that's a good idea.
Hooked up to a public restroom, hooked up to a tube station in London somewhere where
the worst smelling urine in the universe is coursing through your veins right now while
a rich man smokes his stogie.
What you gonna do about it, boy?
You gonna sit there and take it?
Or are you gonna get up, run to the window, throw an open tank?
I'm married to hell and I'm not gonna...
Hit him, baby, one more time.
Well, I think I'm just gonna have a beer instead.
I can't even kick it.









I guess I will take it.
I guess I will take it one more time.
I'll just go have a beer and calm down.
Bend over, take it one more time.
I'll just take it one more time.
What the hell?
Might as well.
At least I'm not the one being hauled off to that concentration camp.
That's right.
It ain't me.
I'm not one of those peoples.
I don't have to worry about it.
They're not gonna come for us stamp collectors.
That's right.
I saw them come for the comic book collectors.
And I didn't do anything because I'm not a comic book collector.
I saw them come for the Trekkies.
And I didn't do anything because I'm not a Trekkie.
Then they came for the science fiction literature readers.
And I started getting worried because actually I'm one of those and I had to hide my sci-fi.
Here's from Cody.
Check this out.
Good afternoon.
On my orders, the United States military has begun strikes against our staunch friend, Great Britain.
Australia, Germany, and France.
Canada.
More than 40 countries in the Middle East.
Africa, Europe, and across Asia.

This military action is a part of our campaign against intelligence.
America can do it!
A new Reich rises from the old.
Like a phoenix from the ashes.
With the Kills!
The Reichsman has burned and burned.
With the Kills!

We can destroy the world!
Let loose the Kraken!
Let loose the dog!
Upward! Upward!
In the name of the Lord!
Beefcake!
Caesar!
Caesar!
Kill! Kill!
No tears, baby.
That's mine.
I mean, playing with your genetics is my infamous game.
I'm reaching down deep with my technology,
and I'm going to kill your children like I want to.
Well, Connie.
Here's another one you shouldn't have.
That totally kicked my...
I know that over the years, many of you have seen the pictures
and news clips of the concrete and mortar,
the guard posts and machine gun towers,
the dog runs, and the barbed wire that is American.
We will, we will rock you.
Sign up today, kids.
Become part of the machine.
Sign up today so they don't come and get me.
If they ain't first, you're a getter.
Remember that when you show them your arms.
The more of you that sign up,
the less chance they're going to come looking for me.
Bow the brain, butt bow the rub, bow the rub.
The wonder's, but of all sarcasm.
Fashion double butt.
Lard ass butt.
Get your butt on my face.
Your butt.
The buttocks of the city.
Sit on the buttocks of God.
The biggest butt of all.
Everybody has a butt.
Everybody has a brain.
Nobody's a super butt.
But all butts are super.
Stick it up, stick it up the butt.
Keep it going.
Stick it to the butt until it falls.
at you mouth. Butt mania, I love it, give it to me, up a butt. Oranges, drip out the butt, poetry uses in the mouth of a butt. Funny butt, sad butt, I'm a happy butt.
Suck butt, gnawed butt, butt flood, butt strangler, butt stimulator, butt man, butt woman, butt babies, butt ninnies, butt brains, brain butts.
How many butts does it take to change an insurance policy? How many butts does it take to crack a brain? How many butts does it take to get published?
How many butts does it take to stick it up the biggest butt? Who is the biggest butt? Who has the biggest butt of all?
Is a big butt best, or a tight little butt?
The littlest butt is the biggest butt.
Butt on Christmas, Ma told us of the littlest butt.
Clean butt, stanky butt, sweet butt, sour butt, sour puss dictator.
Butt, butt, butt, butt, butt, butt, butt.
You guys are alike, beyond the butt.
When all the other organs of the body argued and bitched and carried on, about who was the most vital, the most necessary, the most important of all,
until it was obvious that all the bullshit was gonna back up on him.
If they didn't pay their own issues, the butt, the butt, the butt, the butt, the butt, the butt, the butt, the butt.
The butt out!
The butt head.
May I butt in you, butt body?
Can a busy body be as busy as a butt?
Are you a butt?
Do you even have a butt?
Keep those buttocks.
Butt, butt, butt, butt, butt, butt, split.
The butt song by Walls of Genius, dear friends.
Walls of Genius, the genius of little Theodore.
Heard in that song, baby.
A little baby fist. Are you giving ready to be one?
Or are they coming out anyway?
That's something that's kind of hard to...
I think what we need to do is...
What we've got here is a brand new incantation.
We've got three heads with us.
There should be two.
And you are ready to join a special class.
A very special class of motantos and erectoids.
Well, that's it.
Until next week, keep your hat on tight.
You're back to the wind. You're sacking the saddle.
Well...
Chasmodelia!
Listen to this.
Do you know what's going to happen at 8.02 p.m. on my birthday, February 20th?
I think that the...

The gronk will come to try to eat your foot.
Time itself...
As we know it.
As we know it, will be more symmetrical looking on a digital readout than it's ever been since 10.01, August 10th, the year 1001.
1001.
Yes, that's the last time that time has been this symmetrical.
Because at 8.02 p.m. in military time, it will be 20.01.
20.02.
22.02.
On the 20th day of the 02 month.
Wow.
The year 2002.
Now, when we like to talk about synchronistic events in human development, we notice some of the less developed humans have a...
Well, it looks like some sort of cranial draining device there.
And that's sure to keep all of the bad thoughts flowing out instead of backing.
That is just too true.
I move you by a little bit.
And we notice one of the mutants dancing here actually has three pork chops hanging from her navel.
See, Einstein's secret orchestra.
This is the part of the...
Impersonate Britney Spears live on stage.
...freaks and freaks and I'm saying...
We're doing it. We're doing it. Oops, I did it again.
The groups on the outside are the real...
I'm gonna be bringing up videos like, man, all kinds of new subgenius video the likes of which nobody has ever seen.
Dave and I and the whole ESO, we all have our steps down.
For baby, baby...

Oops, you think I'm in love, that I came from above.
Wow, are you gonna do the main singing or Dave?
Yeah, we're gonna do it all.
Who's gonna be the main vamp?
I'm sure Dave will be following.
I follow no one but my own leadership.
Chaz is gonna be wearing the thing in his belly button.
So this is Britney Spears. I've never heard of Britney Spears before.
And it's a USO show.
This is pretty good.
I could dance to this. It's gonna be...
Well, she's not bad for a 12-year-old girl with those hirsutism pills and the glandular development kind of thing.
Oh, I saw pictures of her in my favorite newspaper, the National Enquirer. Without makeup, she's just a...you wouldn't look twice at her.
It's showbiz, baby.
No, I know.
You know, showbiz is a beautiful thing.
I know, without makeup, Britney's like a pig.
Just plain ordinary...well, no, she's just a very ordinary looking young woman. Nothing especially sexy about her.
Without the makeup.
I like it sped up more.
I like it sped up more.
I like it sped up more.
I like it sped up more.
I like it sped up more.
You know what you want.
You know what you want.
You know what you want.
Put it at plus 12.7, man.
You gots to have it.
You know, so you know, say that beep beep beep.
So despite my having to accept that our geographical distances have left me sometimes feeling isolated to a greater degree than I choose, I can also say that I'm damn pleased to be tangentially involved with a group that has never really let me down, and boy, is that a rare impression.
It's been like a 55-gallon dome of astroglide in a reality show.


I'm not the otherwise often devoted to carefully pouring grit into my rubbers.
Now can you say any of that good stuff about any job you've held or even your own damn family after a 19-year span like my own intermittent affiliation with the Bob world?
Bet you can't.
Yeah, sure, I'd love to have flying saucers come down here at Bushwood and kill off the multiple weasels, smirklers, yuppies, drunks, food tubes, glorbititious, and other upright crap sacks of pinkdom crapping on this otherwise rather nice planet as they haul my popish ass off to sub-Nirvana.
But there's no way I can do that.
So if you're into that kind of thing, even though I can always use some more of them kind of pills, I figure I'm getting a pretty damn good deal.
My love goes with you. Praise Bob.
Hooray!
Ladies and gentlemen, help up Huey!
When they write their first check to the Subgenius Foundation, that's when their luck begins to change, their finances improve, and that kind of thing.
Bob's my friend and he's leading me somewhere.
Where are you leading us, Bob?
Is he?
And where is Bob leading them?
Right now it acts like it's gonna make me rich.
Bob's my friend and he's leading me somewhere.
Kelly Lane, Channel 4 News, Dallas.
As the song says, different strokes for different folks.
Doug's been standing out in the sun too long, I think.
Throughout his long, 50-week-long career,
Lord Greystomp performed many operations and experiments on the children he was given through the chutes shown here and here.
These are now national monuments to those who have gone before and came after.
As we look skyward, the planes are flying.
Almost in such close formation, there is no sky left.
The world is truly a barbed wire paradise.
For you and I are one with the machine.
Chaz, what's the historical significance of that music you were just playing?
It's Nazi-era marching music.
It had that...
...kind of ring to it.
Maybe we want to have a beer and just go hang out with the guys, most of them...
...of most of the late and hard searches.
We're putting our spurs on. We gotta be riding off.
Turn them on the inside out, you know, so we can see ourselves around.
I noticed you changed the sign-off music, Chaz.
Uh, well, because things are not good, I guess, you know.
The wounded are coming in finally, Stan. Didn't you know?
Do you mean if it's life-death, it doesn't...to be or not to be, what the hell's the difference?
Yeah, well, why ask me, man?
Hey.
Why ask, why ask, why ask, why ask, why?
Well, Stang, the Stompers are coming in, man.
Losing card, I'll someday lay.
The body bags are landing in Virginia, you know.
By themselves now, we got the new ones.
They fly on their own power.
You just put the postmark on there and the address and...
...they're back in your own hometown graveyard.
How do you think they get the 50,000-year-old guano smuggled in and the moon water, man?
Yep.
Comes in on the body bags.
The company's always on the job.
Yep.
Well.
I hope, uh...
I don't hope anything.
Yeah, we're hopeless, man.
Well, I thought you said you hope they all sign up and join the military and ship out and...
...so we can get the good-paying web jobs.
That's like having sex with three women at a time, though.
They keep giving to these snot-nosed kids.
It's just a fantasy, you know.
We know they'll want to go away.
And their girlfriends.
Yeah.
I mean, there's practical parts of this, too.
Yeah, right.
There's gonna be a lot of young ladies left behind when those boys all sign up.

Lots of women for Coco Pelo to inseminate.
Go off to fight the evil doers.
Evil, uh...
What is it?
The triad of evil?
Those who are charged too much for gas.
The new axis of evil, yeah.
Axis of evil doers.
Whose doers are always in a chill class.
There you go.
Is it to be or not to be?
And I reply, why the fuck ask me, man?
Get out of my face.
And it's time for all of our last questions.

All faces to go back to whence it came from.
That's right.
The dump behind Grandma's house.
The place we all sprang out of.
Let's spring all the way back.
Back.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You can do the same thing, if you please.
Till next week.
Keep your hat on tight.
You're back to the wind.
And you're sacking a saddle.
March 15th.
Go on and get an over with, then.
Divivaled.
March 15th.
Peachland Ballroom.
And up the hill.
We'll go on and get it over with, then.
Sign up.
Oh, yes.
And you can also write for free information from the Church of the Subgenius about anything
you've heard tonight.
Actually, the easiest thing to do is simply email yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang at
Stang at Subgenius.com.



















And it's so calm at www.subgenius.com.
It's also calm at our sacred post office box in Cleveland Heights, once you can get free
information printed-wise.
And that box number, of course, is at post office box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio,
417.





Again, that Cleveland address to send me tapes and CDs for this syndicated show would be
Reverend Stang or Hour of Slack.
Just Stang.
Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio, 44118.
Oh, my God.



And now this.
Give me the box.
Give me the box.
Give me the box.
Give me the box.
Prowlios!
Prowlios!
Prowlios!
One look at them will tell you more than a thousand words of mine.
Sire, there is no more money.
We gotta get some money.
That dirty Purgish archipelago!
Oh, no!
That black and rotten, filibuster-burton, perkaluma-burton, dirty, wuss-knight!
Oh, no!
Friends, we're glad you listened to this show, and we're even more glad that some listeners
have donated enough to help us keep on going for another couple of months.
And not just this show, but subgenius.com and all the other archive sites.
But if you truly love Bob and want some of that slack back to rebound to you, you should
go to subgenius.com, front page or especially the radio page, or the catalog store pages,
and help out financially as best you can.
Now, we know what it's like to be on the brink of total poverty, and we don't want any subgeniuses
to make their own situations worse.
But some of you still have jobs.
Even five bucks makes a big difference, even if it's only once a month, from enough of
you.
Fifty bucks makes an even bigger difference.
All we're saying is that blow jobs could go the way of Steve jobs if you don't pay
Dobbs.
We also take checks and money orders to Subgenius Foundation, P.O.
Box 181417, Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Subgenius.com.
A thanks for anything you can do to help Let There Be Slack.
M requesting direct themselves

Man 4
Hands

led by


over
Free pills!
Yes, bloody far!
Free pills!
Kill me!
