Bob said to party.
Party.
Party.
Bob said you had to party.
You had to party.
You better party.
You didn't say you might if you felt like it.
In and out and in and out and in and out and in and out.
And I want you to take a deep breath.
Come on, Calvary, and hold it.
Ready, one.
One, two, three, four.
And now, the subgenius.
Our old squad.
Airplane and regulation there.
You know, it's the crowded elevator of the show.
We all have to make room for each other and try not to, well,
make matters worse.
We're so unblessed that we get off before reaching our stop.
I kind of think of our subgenius family as one big happy bunch of gibbering idiots.
I mean, I have to sterilize my toes.
They sucked my toes.
Oh, yeah, those poor, horrible, scuzzy guys.
They married your toes, though.
It was sanctified.
Did they really?
They really sucked my foot.
It's precisely what did happen.
But, of course, we were terribly sorry that we had to nail her into the mummy case
and close the iron door.
And we have the videotapes.
You can see the video version of this show.
Even more stultifying and magnificent than the audio version of the show.
This is us up on the rooftop cafe while Bob Nelson does the dirty work downstairs.
We're swilling our hot buttered rum martinis,
and our feet are up on the table as we're having a spitball session
figuring out just how we're going to put together a script for the next show.
Praise Bob.
Yeah, no kidding.
Praise Bob, dear friends.
And, you know, Dijkstra's law states that everybody is someone else's weirdo.
And Bob, because he seems somehow so normal to everyone,
is the only one who is truly weird.
And they said,
As ye hath the pipe, so shall ye smoke it.
And, lo, it was smoked.
And it was good and pure.
And all the world.
And all the world smoked with him.
For let he who hath wisdom know,
it is the wallet of a man.
Economicon 614.
And, dear friends, as we begin our show,
let's also reflect on the words of Magistra Beatrix,
who said that Bob,
speaking of our guru Bob Dobbs,
Bob is the,
spiritual fractal,
for he is made up of uncountable dots.
But each of these dots, in turn,
comprises, yea,
uncountable Dobbs heads,
each of which, in its turn,
is also composed of unending dots.
And so it goeth from lasting
unto everlasting.
And, you know, friends,
if you could see the universe from outside,
at just the right angle,
the best seat, so to speak,
why all the stars would make up
a huge Dobbs head,
a huge portrait of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
But I think most telling
and most pertinent of all of these
is this statement
by the great German philosopher Goethe.
Goethe said,
I believed that,
that I discovered in nature,
animate and inanimate,
intelligent and brute,
something which manifested itself
only in contradiction
and therefore could not be grasped
by a conception,
much less by a word.
It was not godlike,
since it seemed reasonable,
not human,
since it had no understanding.
He's talking about Bob, friends.
Not devilish,
for it was beneficent.
Not angelic,
since it often,
evinces schadenfreude.
It resembled chance,
since it showed no sequence.
It resembled providence,
since it pointed at connection.
It could surpass all that limits us.
It seemed to deal at pleasure
with the basic categories of our existence.
It contracted time and extended space.
Only in the impossible it seemed to delight
and to repel the pleasure of the impossible.

With contempt,
this essence,
this show,
which seemed to insert itself
between all things,
to sever them,
to bind them,
I named
the demoniacal,
after the example of the ancients
and of those who had observed
the dogs.
Ah, yes, dear friends,
and you know,
we enjoyed,
we enjoyed a simply fantastic,
new year's subgenius,
devival last Thursday night here in Dallas,
just simply fantabulous.
At Club No in Deep Ellum,
and the preachers were in top form.
Half of them were babes in bondage getup, practically.
Praise Sister Mary Squared.
The video projections looked good.
The band of ones was truly subgenius
in that they were,
they played anti-music for the first ten minutes,
so that those who were sissy enough
to be driven away by that
would miss the great Doctors for Bob
lyrical ballads that followed.
But more importantly,
the most important thing was,
as Charlie Gilder there at Club No told me,
they'd never had such a good crowd ever,
and we were able to pay all the preachers and musicians,
which to me is the most critical part
of any religiopus event,
produced by our ministry.
Oh yes, dear friends.
And you know, normally the week after such a devival,
we play the tapes from that on the radio,
but I can't do that this time.
I can't.
And we're gonna have to play those best of,
mixed with the new Jane or Hyperclete's album,
by the way,
and Sister Susie the Floozy's Atlanta radio ministry next week.
Oh, God.
But tonight's show instead,
well, we discovered the most amazing thing at the devival.
A number of people told Willa Dobbs,
who was manning the sacred sales table,
that until they got the postcard or saw the poster,
they didn't know there was a subgenius radio show in Dallas.
And many of these were subgenius ministers.
I guess they hadn't read all of their Stark Fist magazine,
church newsletter.
Anyway, so I imagine we have some new listeners tonight.
Who are yet subgenie-y.
So for them, I've rather hurriedly actually put together a quote,
typical, unquote, hour of slack.
That is some of our best oldies mixed in with new stuff
from our old standby contributors,
plus some live ranting.
It's an introductory show again, you might say.
So let's get to it.
But first, I wanted to say the video tapes of the devival
looked great, especially the ones shot by Honest Joe Riley
and the selfless Bobby Self.
He's no Bobby.
Which are the only ones I've seen yet.
And Susie, the floozy's bump and grind looks riveting.
And the lascivious video projections behind her.
Oh, well.
And by the way, anybody who's listening
who was shooting video tapes there,
please call us and arrange for us to get copies from you
in exchange for whatever you might want from our collection,
because you can't imagine what visual delights might await you
if, like a true subgenius,
you share your media coverage by throwing it into the big mix.
And this show is dedicated to the girl whose four friends hated our club devival.
And yet she staunchly and dobsfully defended it
like a true warrior of the faith.
And we'll overhear this conversation.
The four other girls were going,
you know, how could you do this to us?
You made us waste our new year.
It's just all so ew, stupid.
And the hero girl was saying,
my God, you were there?
You were there and yet you didn't see it.
It was a fantastic show and it happened right before your eyes.
And yet you were blinded.
Well, I don't know if she said it that way,
but honey, if you're out there, you are truly of the blood.
And I'll address the Satan guys later.
But let's go ahead and get on with it, shall we?
This is Bob, and we'll be orbiting your area for the next hour,
carrying the message, the seed word of the faith of Bob,
the faith in Bob, FIB we call it.
Can you keep up the FIB?
Yes, please.
Fred?
You want to dump the main shots?
Thank you.
All right.
Okay.
The show is right up on the green lines, Doctor.
The show is fully on the line.
We will be landing on another show.
We will be docking with another show tonight.
Pardon me, you can't land on another show.
We've caused a nuclear explosion.
We'll be docking with show four from San Francisco tonight.
And hold on.
Hold on to your seats.
Oh!
Come on!
Come on!
It's time to be manipulated.
Brother, I want to tell you something.
The world is tired of dead preaching preachers, dead preachers preaching dead sermons to dead
congregations.
They're tired of cold services and cold churches.
This world is hungry for reality.
They've had enough of Hollywood.
They've had enough of Nashville.
They've had enough of show business.
Believe that God.
Jam on it.
You can't hide from God because he's bigger than you.
He's bigger than all infinity.
He's bigger than all reality.
Come on, somebody.
You cannot hide from God.
You cannot hide from this grand, grand, grand God.
He's bigger than you.
He's bigger than all infinity.
He's bigger than all reality.
His face has been mending wrapped in more than one place in the universe.
The sound itself, it has a stink to it.
You find no mention whatsoever in there to God.
Well, that's kind of strange.
Are you saying that the Bible isn't, well, like, which Bible is credible as far as you're concerned?
None of them. They've all been tampered with.
You're saying, George, portions of the Bible are.
So are you saying that at one time the Bible was correct?
No.
No, ever?
No, ever.
It says in these documents that Jesus went through the crucifixion, but he didn't die.
It's Bob!
Bob brings a new destiny for the abnormal.
For Bob comes to justify our sins, to unmask the conspiracy, and to get us back the slack they stole away.
It's us versus them.
Are you going to cry in hell on earth alongside them?
The pink boys?
Or will you pull the wool over your own eyes and accept Bob into your mind?
Repent. Quit your job. Slack off. And praise Bob!
Church of the Subgenius. Eternal salvation or triple your money back.
Every time I sit down on my kingdom's throne
I reach out for the good book that will save my soul
I reach out for the good book that will save my soul
Praise me
From the gorges of the spilt sea
Praise me
From the shades of time
Praise me
From the men in black
It's never subgenius
Must have slack
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Dear Bob, my life has changed completely because of your ministry.
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
They said your mind is in this jar and then they poured it down the sink.
No really, we're a fun crowd. You'd like us to move in next door to you.
To you, we'd be indistinguishable from the others you might see in your town.
Oh, maybe we'd have to go to the bathroom.
Maybe we'd have a wink in our twinkling eye or a smile or a leer on our lips.
But otherwise we'd look like everyday Joe Lunchbale.
A good, solid, honest, cream-colored working man.
Ready to move in next to you and send the property value soaring.
How about it, America? Get in step.
Well, let's try it out, huh?
We shield ourselves from discomforts of everyday, every week, every year, every life.
Luxuriate in cooperation.
No gold.
No gold.
But minimizing work.
Minimizing contact with the universe.
Thus, we do not fulfill the potential in our genes.
Cometh the Visigoth, Vandal, Hun, Pancho Villa, Conan, to reap what is still goodly in his God-given sight.
By sight shall you be known to the reppers who will replicate that which is God and discardedly non-rep rest.
For the bitbucket, hell.
Be not deceived.
Dobbs is not mocked.
For whosoever a man soeth, him also shall he reap.
So is my shepherd, I shall not want.
A six million year cycle will end in 1998.
Dobbs sees the world entering a new aeon.
Which, in a few years, will bring more wondrous and miraculous change and carnage, insanity, and destruction.
Than all of mankind's history and prehistory before it.
Bob brings a new destiny for America.
A time of cataclysmic economic change that will offer untold riches and power to those in the know.
While billions of deserving conspiracy dupes fry in hell on earth.
Oh, you probably already knew that the U.S. government is a sham.
Something propped up there for you to blame.
But did you know that the real powers that be are not even people?
That they are actually shambling, unbelievable, unmentionable, unthinkable things?
They say we're here to wake you up to what the truth is.
I'll also tell you another thing.
They say, we made the mess.
Look around at the planet.
I mean, you got the air is polluted, the water is polluted, everything else is polluted.
We made the mess.
We will transmit instructions for you to clean up the mess.
In other words, we will tell you how AIDS was created.
We'll tell you what its purpose was and how you can cure it.
But you got to do it.
We're not going to do it for you.
This is your job.
You clean up your own room.
So they're doing this through you though, George, right?
Well, not just me.
But I mean, you and these people that you're communicating with.
That's correct.
And you're going to talk about this at the seminar?
That's exactly right.
I'll go into all of these areas, how, why.
In other words, they say before you can cure a problem, you better know what the problem's on.
And they're so vast.
They say, we are here to awaken you to the massive lies.
And it's everything.
I mean.
Now you see it.
And now you don't.
Of course you feel it.
But you don't really know
What's come over you.
There's something in the air.
What's come over you.
There's something in the air.
Just check the sensors for invisibility.
Become adept at stealthy stalking
I've got my UFO degree


Detector on
Intrusion signals flash the warning
That it's over you
There's something in the air
And they're watching you
There's something in the air
The cloaking device
The cloaking device
The cloaking device
The cloaking device
The cloaking device
There's something in the air
Something in the air
Something in the air
Something in the air
Something in the air
Stay away, new age, take control, tech, tech, tech, tech, tech, tech.
Head to head, sound waves, shock your soul, tech, tech, tech, tech, tech, tech, tech.
Rainbow, lip move, purple rain, tech, tech, tech, tech, tech, tech.
I'm just getting real superstitious, I look at the signs everywhere.
I got a feeling in my bones, there's something in the air.
There's something in the air.
There's something in the air.
There's something in the air.
There's something in the air.
The cloaking device, the cloaking device, the cloaking device, the cloaking device.
It is only natural that such things would occur considering the segregation of the sexes enforced by the papacy.
Such a thing would never happen.
And had never been permitted when the ways of Odin held sway across Europe.
A simple day's study of nature would've shown the blasphemy of locking man with man and woman with woman.
At this point we must deal with the troublesome question of demons.
Many right thinking Christians scoff at the idea of demonic existence even as they acknowledge the devils power.
power. Closed biblical study shows that demons are, in fact, electrical manifestations and
properties in the service of evil. Just as stray electrons create unstable elements,
isotopes, and deadly nuclear reaction, so demons represent malignant forms of energy
plaguing all that is orderly and wholesome. Hell? And whither, whither we? Blame it on the
Quasanova? Don't take individual responsibility. Let Congress do it. To us? If we don't grab this
little local mother, it's going to fall over. The multiple stages, as resolved into words
by Bob Wilson in Luminatus, are real.
If 20
12, exact date, exact time, is the culmination. If Rebus Canibus gets the bus. If we aren't
ready, will there be another bus? Is that rapture? What is tribulation, twixt now and
then? Is God standing with all the soul bits of self, of her himself, here and there now,
seeing all time, and this possible leap of evolution? Will we leap only by quality, or

operative competition? What does the historic figure Jesus, Son of God, and Hugh Man signify?
Is the holy, ghostly, undermined mind, subconscious, racial, racial, memory, mythos, a communication
link? The precarnate being not past or future, but both from here and all one from there. Can we
remember?
In his deadening day, the dread dimes light smoking. In his great teasing chair, the dread
dimes light smoking. Piss your money away, there won't be no rainy day. Bob will sell
you all the sun. He's unlike me.
The Prejudice of the Dead.
The Holy, God.
The Kubin.
Thecipler.


The Spirit.

The Dojour.
The Katивать.



The
Theael.
The Ins пережicijngWANEDCHI, the



the desk in
Dallas,
Well, dread that it's smoking
Your mind is mirrored with those
Well, dread that it's smoking
Let up your pipe, let go the smoke
This is slack, it ain't no joke
Brace me to pop, lift up your chain
And you will pay to know what you think
But he ain't no man, he ain't no guy
I don't wanna walk the path I've tried
He ain't no man, he ain't no guy
I don't wanna walk the path I've tried
Now to continue with the tape recording.
We're going to see, get ready.
What I'm talking to you about today
is the most up-to-date thing that I could talk to you about.
We're living in the closing moments of this dispensation.
An old man finds it, touches it,
and this is the shocking result.
From then on, there's no stopping the bob
as it spreads from town to town.
It's indestructible, it's indescribable.
Nothing can stop it.
This town is in danger.
How can it be stopped?
Mob hysteria sweeps one city.
They go along the nation,
and then the world can leave threat of the bob.
Starring Stephen and a cast of exciting people.
Hundreds of New Yorkers at a religious revival
chanting the name of a modern-day prophet, Bob.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Oh, and what a prophet he is, that crazy old Bob.
Well, I guess it's time for me to fill you in
on what you've been listening to here.
Wow, listen, I wanna listen to this for a second.
BEEP
BEEP
BEEP
BEEP
BEEP
BEEP
BEEP



BEEP
BEEP


BEEP
BEEP
BEEP
BEEP

BEEP




BEEP

















It's cool.
It's hot.
And yet it's...
so sinister, dear friends.
Uh...
Now I can switch my little tapes out
and tell you what you've been listening to.
Um...
A collage...
Going backwards in time.
Okay?
A collage from old subgenius media barrage tapes.
The subgenius...
song Dread Dobbs, that reggae song, is by Lost Souls Incorporated from Arlington, Texas.
The rant with flute and Robert Anton Wilson quotes was by Reverend Ficus Strangulensis,
I think from West Virginia, I may be wrong there. Some demon clips sent by Reverend Lou Minotti,
oh yes, up in Nashville, and the song Cloaking Device, the one about the UFOs, was by the
Ultimate Klingons, that's Reverend Nancy Darnell of Berlin, Germany, on vocals. And a lot of
best of hour of slack bits, with much Dr. Howell and puzzling evidence from the KPFA
subgenius show, and some little bit of the K-pop.
A little bit of G. Gordon Gordon heard there, G. Gordon Gordon was here this last weekend
at the show, but he was strictly doing security, and refused to come up on stage, really blaming.
And quite a few clips interspersed with that by Reverend Nick Nolan, oh dear friends.
So what do we do next? Heck, I've got a...
My...
I'm at an awkward point. A tape flipping point. But, well heck, why don't I tell you?
Who is Bob? Who... what... what indeed is Bob? Bob is tomorrow with a smile on his face.
He's progress with a pipe in his mouth. His enthusiasm, his sexuality, makes the world
go around. His friendly handshake meets the bar.
Scare me, though, but Bob is...
Aекотор coconut.
A cosmopolitan.
A tremendous with greatatroo...
operation..
What for?
A perfect...

A great rồi-jeu?
A great one there, King.
Wow…

W Jay joke…
Well, now, we may have to read the part again.
About...
He's part magician, part actor, part missionary.
He's peddler, huckster, pitchman.
He's the carnival barker of the world's biggest sideshow.
The world is his store.
He's one hell of a salesman, friend.
Oh, let's just pause and listen to this lovely music here
from Reverend Arnold Mathis.
Your pants to yourself.
Come on, I'll play you one more game.
Come on, I'll play you this.
Cleavage, cleavage, thighs and hips
From the nape of her neck to the lipstick lips
Chopped and channeled and lowered and lugered
And the cheetah sticks and baby moves
She's hot and ready, creamy and sugared
And the band is awful and so are the tunes
You've been bowing down to a false prophet.
I'm those lucky enough to be fated to be in
I'm in.
Doctors for all of you.
Me, Doctors for Bob.
This music is from Food of the Gods by Arnold Mathis.
But you know, I just can't quit talking about old Bob.
You know, you can find Bob anywhere, everywhere.
In railroad Pullman cars.
In airport waiting rooms.
In the backs of buses.
On the highways.
Walking those downtown streets.
Cruising those downtown bars.
And cooped up in hotel rooms late at night
with three hookers and a jug of Jim Beam.
His satisfaction is a clean, fast sale.
To his competitors, he's death.
Presidents feared Bob.
Industrialists paid blackmail to him.
But their wives loved him.
And yet, the secretaries of alien space gods
make him wait in the outer office.
He's the ultimate salesman.
He's the man behind every surge of history.
Some Bob lost in the mists of history
sold the Mayflower to the Pilgrims
and taught the Indians into letting Manhattan Island go for 24 bucks.
Another Bob brokered tickets for the Hindenburg and the Titanic.
Behind every step of progress,
there's been a salesman peddling a dream.
He's a poker player, a dice shooter.
He's a politician, judge, teacher, public speaker,
psychologist, psychiatrist, minister,
petty thief, bigamist, and world dictator.
All wrapped up in a bundle of nervous energy.
He's the middleman between maker and user.
He's everybody's friend and no man's man.
He is the salesman.
He is.
The U.S. Air Force.
But I'm going to play this record right now from
Reverend Jay Condom, who wasn't in the DeVival,
but was certainly, well, in a way, he was.
And he's our good buddy, Reverend Jay Cotton,
Saint Jay Cotton, actually.
I mean, after all, he was co-creator of P-Dog.
He and his buddy, Gary Panter, have a new album out.
It's a British album.
Of course, called One Hell Sound Witch,
which you can actually find here and there, strangely enough.
And I'm going to play one little cut from this.
I think it speaks for itself quite plainly.
All right, you sex monks, come on.
We're going to sing punk songs for everybody.
So you get ready, and you kids at home,
get out your cellphones.
If you can.
What do you say?
Let's go.
Shies to cough.
God save the queen.
Carnivore.
The fascist reign.
They made you a moron.
Awful.
Protect your wife's butt.
God save the queen.
She ain't no human being.
There is no future.
And England's dreaming.
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la.
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la.
No future for you.
You, just you and we, God save the queen.
We need em', man.
We sure like girls.
God save.
Hey, I think we sound like real punk rockers.
We want to have a quarter.


Well, gee, I don't know, fellas.
I've heard some punk records, and that just doesn't sound like one to me.
So what do you say?
Let's try it again.
God save the queen.
Cause tourists are money.
And our figurehead.
She's not what she seems.
God save history.
God save your natural life.
Lord God have mercy.
All crimes are paid.
We're the future.
Your future.
God save the queen.
We need it, man.
We love your queen.
And we love you too, Mr. President.
Look, fellas.
I think there's a certain tendency.
There's a certain intimidation factor missing here.
I think our music is faster and more intense.
Why didn't you say so?
Then we'll do this one rock and roll.
Wonderful idea.
God save the queen.
Like we need it, dayo.
We did boss chicks.
God save, right?
Man.
No future.
No future.
No future.

No future.
For you.
No future.
No future.
No future.
For me.
No future.
No future.
No future.
For all you Kingets.
Have chat.
No future.
No future boy.
Well, dear friends, what can I say?
That's pretty bone-chilling, actually.
We are going to play another song coming up.
Oh, listen, this is also on the album,
for those of you who are big fans of that song.
Lee Harvey is a friend of mine.
That's on One Hell Sandwich by Jay Condom and Gary Panter.
And, dear friends, we're going to play some music by John Bartles,
one of my favorite independent self-producing mouseshins out there.
Frightening fellow, John Bartles.
Also, I guess, either he's known as Joe Schmoe or he has a tape called Joe Schmoe.
But I think Dr. Howell can introduce this one better.
Okay, friends?
Here.
I'd like to dedicate this next song to all of you who are out there listening to the show.
On the show.
It's spooky.
Being with us tonight here.
It's poody.
It's almost 6 o'clock, but we still have a little fun and good cheer to go around.
We're still trying to find out where the fun and good cheer went.
And we're going to see the night out with you, our audience.
As we all feel good about the show.
Feel good about our mission here on the air.
It's our nameless mission.
Ain't got no name.
It's just...
A mission.
It's what we gotta do.
We don't say why we do what we do, but you kinda know.
Otherwise, well, you wouldn't be listening.
Well, you get all them old paint cans and I'll get the old tires.
Go on and bring anything that you're eye desires.
We're gonna have a party.
And I ain't gonna lie.
Come on, come on.
We're gonna have a toxic fire.
Yep, bring that old mattress in there.
Oh, there it's all canned.
It's gonna be a blowout.
I'm telling you, man.
Bring that old wearing a cape center
and that old swimming pool liner.
Come on, come on, come on.
We're gonna have a toxic fire.
We're gonna have a toxic fire.
We're gonna have a toxic fire.
We're gonna have a toxic fire.
We're gonna have a toxic fire.
We're gonna have a toxic fire.
Throw on them old car batteries
and that old leaky transformer.
Hey, hold off on that insecticide
till the fire gets a little bit warmer.
Keep on that old asbestos till your arms get tired.
Come on, come on, come on.
We're having us a toxic fire.
A big toxic fire.
You bring the hot dogs for the kids
and I'll bring the beer.
I'll be calling in sick tomorrow.
I know I'll be feeling kind of weird.
We're going to party till they drop
and I ain't no liar.
Come on, come on, come on, come on.
We're going to have a toxic fire.
Yeah.
On top of old Smokey.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.

Oh.
Oh.








Well, we gotta do something to get in time
before it gets too late.
Jack now said,

Thelisted like outspoken to everybody.
I mean, it's a wantedader to have that


On the stove, kluff.
I'm sorry.




We have to figure out one way
to make it out to the front,
because if you were flying every two miles in the future I might even
try making a fire.
Not gonna lie.
You have to find out a different way.
In the future, I might even tell you the whole story.
I can't do it.
Just ask KAREN SILVERS ABOUT her man camera.
Zeal.
girls too and we wouldn't dream of telling her how to wear it. We do have
one very practical rule though that says hair should be kept above the collar
while on duty just like any professional girl in uniform and there's a one big
regulation about those uniforms that they make a girl look like one. It's their
patriotic duty to stay looking trim and attractive. A girl in the wax looks great
because she feels great and she can take the hair off her legs with the wax.
About the world of travel, new friends and job opportunities she's discovered.
So please indicate and eradicate your education in your coupon or letter.
The world is bigger in the Woman's Army Corps.
Let me see I was looking in my sermon this morning and it said that Bob who
being in very nature Dobbs did not consider equality with anti Bob
something to be grasped, clutched or palpated, but rather spoke in his living
pipe like a fine burly or rum soaked shag. He himself nothing taking the very nay
sure taking instead the very nature of a salesman never taking no for an answer.
And being in appearance as a man he fumbled himself in the dark staining the
sheets and became obedient to everyone.
Now we are engaged in a great civil war testing whether this cult, that cult or
for that matter any cult should so be.
We are met on a great potter's field of that war.
These bland pinks living and dead shall little know nor long remember what we do here.
By the way I forget just what is it that we are doing here anyway.
Oh yeah right it is for we the living to confess that J.R. Bob Dobbs is dead dead dead.
To the infinite gratification of Jehovah one the father, senile infinitely maligned space god.
Jesus came here as a servant but Dobbs came as a salesman for scriptures, chapters, and verses.
And he came unto the daughters of the farmers and knew them well when there was no room for him to be by himself during the night.
And in the morning before the sunrise he continued traveling upon his route so that the franchise might not be usurped.
Yea and to this day it never hath been so.
Bob's is still the route, Bob's is still the franchise.
And now as sister Basilica passes out among you as she sniffs the contents of the collection plate.
Each and every one of you should reach down to the collection plate.

And deep down and give, give to the church of the powerful blinding apostasy.
Which clears no throne but exalts in its own freedom to scatter its fundaments on the earth.
Soiling the uppers of its shoes to let down the inward produced product of its concentration.
Fertilizing the fields of science, sorcery, art, and religion.
For lo the frop clouds my brain and my buckler and shield are ripped away.
I am naked before thee Dobbs all neck-on.
I am the one who has unbuckled my buckler and unsnapped my shield.
Which was my sole protection.
Yea my buckler being so unbuckled I am even as a pro-bucker buck naked before Bob.
Bob dashes a bucket of ice water over my loins.
The buck passeth not while the buck and the doe dwell in the same forest.
The buck is Bob, he is bucking tradition.
He changeth grip-bats into buckets of bucks.
Bucks, bucks, yea bucks, bucks.
But are awkward bucks, difficult to explain away.
I am chicken before my epoch.
Yea, foul like the birds of the ground.
Neuronitus chapter 13 verse 6.
Sick, sick is this world, O Bob, who hast be slimed to the ground after thee.
Even like unto the slugs and snails of the garden.
Whose chambered shell we may step on and flush inadvertently.
Thou art not the healer but the pharmacist.
For thou dost sell unto us thy remedy of slack.
And it is unto us that we pay over to you the price which thou dost ask.
Namely all that we have.
We shall put it therefore in the envelope and send it in.
For the exits are nearly upon us and the sale ends tomorrow.
Going out of business, all prices slack.
Everything must go.
So ask not upon what day shall the tithe be sent.
Or unless ye know otherwise, every day is Dom's day.
And ye never know when the master cometh again.
The vegetables take over.
The vegetables take over.
The vegetables take over.
The vegetables take over.
The vegetables take over.
But those are important messages.
That we have lost this hour and morning.
And those trying to find their religion amongst the biblographs of the tower of communication,
that this and all other situations represent.
Yeah, no kidding there, puzzling evidence.
Oh, holy grace.
Oh, holy grace.
Merry Christmas, kids.
Fantastic rant there by Dr. Howell.
The great Dr. Howell.
What is this in the background?
Oh, man, this unbelievable piece of tape here.
This, just very briefly, is a bootleg of Jimi Hendrix playing in a club with Johnny Winter
and with Jim Morrison very, very, very drunk on vocals.
Every now and then you hear Jim holler out something that has nothing to do with the jam.
Well, I'm not going to expose you non-Hendrix fanatics to that for too long.
I did want to mention that, yeah, you heard a wonderful, the Buckler sermon there by Dr. Howell from the KPFA show.
A little brief.
Yeah.
Yeah.




The Women's Army Corps thing there was from a Firesign Theater bootleg.
That's something you may not hear too often.
And also their Toxic Fire by John Bartles from the Joe Schmo album.
Yeah, right.
So what do I find?
What background music do I find?
Well, I think you're going to have to listen to the Subgenius Hour of Slack radio ministry of the Church of the Subgenius here on KNON.
Well, come to think of it, you may not be listening to it on that station.
But if you're listening right now, right this particular now, the real now, not the tape now, then that's what it is.
And, oh, I should.
Yeah, baby.
Thanks, Dr. Tim.
Like I say, next week we'll be playing the revival tapes or the vival tapes, actually.
The video that came from that was great.
And the sound on the video is great.
Now, I wish I had just the simple VHS editing equipment that I need to use.
I need to edit that stuff together.
You know, and I don't mean two home decks with a pause button.
I mean, you know, with the controller, right?
Clean cuts, insert edits and all that.
Of course, if I had something like that, I'd spend all my time cutting video.
Then we'd have a cable show.
Anyway, anybody who could actually, seriously, anybody can offer, donate such equipment to
the church and the radio station.
So we can make great pledge premiums out of it.
Call.
And any videos that you have, please let us know.
You are listening, of course, to the sub, wait a minute, I said that.
No, what I need to say is if you need more information, if this is the first time you've
ever heard anything like this and just, we're going to church or the what, please write
for free information.
I mean, if you just do so much as drop us a post.



Postcard with your address on it.
Address to Bob.
We will send you, we won't, don't worry.
We won't show up at your door.
Not at first anyway.
Not unless you invite us.
Just write to Bob.
Got that pencil ready?
At post office box.
One four zero three zero six.
That's one four oh three oh six.
Dallas, Texas.
Seven five two one.
Okay.
That's one four.
But I'm going to switch over to this beautiful instrumental music.
Huh?
Yeah, I'm going to switch over to this lovely background music by Jay Condom.
Because I wanted to tell you about, now this is some readings here from the new book of
the subgenius, the one that's in progress, the one we're so late with.
Chapter three.
Chapter three of Revelation X, the Bob Apocryphon.
The difference between Bob and Jesus.
Is there one?
Prior to Jesus, the alien space god, Jehovah One, primarily used fear tactics and brute
force on his test subjects, the humans and yet himself.
And then, in biblical days, through his own direct intervention, this produced strictly
temporary mutations in us, often just the opposite of the evolutionary direction he
desired.
Because the insertion of a prophet or similar extra evolved catalyst often supplied Jehovah
One's test rats, surprisingly enough, with a measure of hope for improvement against
insurmountable odds, granting them a smidgen of the same force that the gods themselves
use, bringing them closer and closer to being competitors with him.
And with Jesus and later Muhammad, Jehovah One hoped to produce a better mouse race.
One which would lure and motivate his uncooperative puppets in the directions he willed.
He very quickly became impatient with the results and took a new tack by immaculating
the humble yet unbeknownst to him already holy salesman J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Very pronounced by some, Jaw Dobbs.
The space god had realized that previously his directives were to be the same as his own.
He had to be a little more careful.
He was afraid of the fact that the message would be garbled badly.
But as Rev. John Shirley tells us, Bob is the sub-Jesus, acting as a living submarine
in the sump of human sin.
Jesus didn't walk on the water, he cruised under it, as should we all, readying our psychic
torpedoes for the destruction of the world.



He was someone who knew Mes온 Flip today, young J mold suffered the worst grief they
pet project and he had chosen Bob to head it. But instead, Dobbs organized the counter-conspiracy
and re-established contact with the Exis, trying to resell this pitiful planet right out from under
the conspiracy slave masters. It is a measure of just how non-omnipotent Jehovah One is that he
had not noticed that the modern Bob was simply the most recent of a long line of Bobs, each growing
in power with each reincarnation, stretching back to the first Bob, the High Yeti of Mutantis,
which, ironically enough, Jehovah One had himself instructed the Exis to create. How could God,
a quote, God, not realize he was spilling his trade secrets to his
own people?
He just happened to pick the wrong Messiah, that's all. And that, dear friends, that is how
lucky J.R. Bob Dobbs is. He can successfully do battle with the gods themselves, without even
meaning to, without even meaning to, and yet using the powers that they gave him.
Ah yes, my friends, Bob is a watershed of the mind, the Chaos King Father of a new society.
He spent his life exhorting people to pull the wool over your own eyes and relax in the safety
of your own delusions, as he puts it, yet his parables often have just the opposite effect.
People line up, dollar in hand, hoping to relax in the safety of his delusions,
proving to themselves by giving him money, that they too are truly stupid. Many who donate are
lawyers, doctors, computer scientists, religious leaders, and famous artists. They intuitively
know that as the years progress, their incomes and peace of mind will be increasingly dependent
not on their cleverness, their critical sense, but on their lack thereof. You see, Bob's plan
has succeeded financially, and he's been able to do it. He's been able to do it for a long time,
and he's been able to do it for a long time, and he's been able to do it for a long time,
simply by predicating itself upon the deteriorating intellectual environment.
It appeals, ultimately, to those who have recognized that environment for what it is,
and now try to profit from its very ineffectuality. This church of the subgenius is composed of people
who have learned the classic textbook definition of sanity, and who can mimic its legal appearance.
They can enjoy the exact opposite in the privacy of their own homes, and in the invisible secret workings of their careers.
We call this practice schizophreniatrics, and we call this show, friends, the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack,
and why it looks like it's time, oh so sad, but it's time for us to move on, and vacate the airwaves for
something new.
We'll be no doubt a great deal nicer and prettier, but I will leave you with this heavenly music composed by the great Saint Jay Condom
on his album, Zombo Fropland, available only from subgenius records and tapes, as far as I know.
Oh no, it's not. It's not available from subgenius records and tapes.
It's only available from...
From Jay, but his address has changed from the one that...
Oh well.
Hey, friends, it's just a fun little family we have here.
Just a family of friends.
And we did have a great New Year's celebration.
Wonderful time, and it even made money.
The most important part of this, and really, the survival of any viable world.
A very tasty strawberry toilets.
Praise Bob and thank you, so much.
What for, I'm not sure.
Music
Death
quem
Filthy
Apocryphal

Fortune
I'll wait around the train station
Waiting for my train
To take me
Take me away
From this
Lonesome town
Lonesome town
Lonesome town
Lonesome town
