Okay, let's get this show opened up and started up somehow.
There we go.
Oh, wait a minute.
Oh, no.
No, no, no, no, do that now.
Introducing.
Oh, thank you.
Hey, Arthur.
Yes, thank you, dear friends.
It is I, he, who is, uh...
No, no.
What?
Wait a minute.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
This show is all...
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean...
Okay.
Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay.
Okay.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery
which reaches from the inner mind to...
The Self Genius Hour of Slack.
Dear Mr. Bob,
this is my first time to ride any radio station
and you are my favorite announcer.
I feel like I've known you.
I've listened to you for years.
Now, you don't know me.
I ain't nobody.
Just a plain, ordinary working man.
As I got off work today
from the plant where I've been for pretty near 22 years,
I joined the boys to have a couple of beers
and...
I'm sorry.


I kind of shoot the bull around.
Talking about this and that
and about the government, the nation,
how the country's falling apart.
As I was driving home, I was a-thinking
and it laid heavy on my mind
and it's burdened my heart.
So I'm writing you to express my point of view.
Just a view from a nobody.
A common, old, hard-working man.
And I have been all my life.
Well,
I got something though.
I got me a Jim Walters home on a half acre.
And it got me a beautiful, God-fearing wife.
I had me a daddy.
He fought in World War I.
We lost him there.
I did my part in World War II.
And Bob, we're proud of the son.
He's in Vietnam.
Wounded twice.
He's still there.
God bless him.
Well, like I said, Bob,
our country's been torn apart.
I've listened to the records you've played,
the newscasts, your editorials.
I've listened carefully to the message on that record
by the fellas from Company C.
I've listened to the yippies, the kippies,
the black men, the red men,
the preachers, the rabbis, the priests.
Now, Bob, don't you think it's time for a working man to speak?
Well, what I'm trying to say is,
I'm not a man.




I know it ain't an Eddinsburg address,
but it's just as sincere.
In fact, I hear that
President Lincoln is a common man,
so I guess I don't have too much to fear.
I burn my own house down
Cause it ain't my house
It's your house
It's your house
Your house
Your house
Burn it down
Burn it down
Burn it down
Burn it down
Burn it down
Burn it down
The kindling's there
The fuel for the fire
Ain't no burning beautiful orange
Licking flames
For paper
Paper, paper
It's all just fuel for the fire
The big bonfire
Violence against buildings
Violence against property
The ultimate act of rebellion
And I'm gonna build me a guillotine
And I'm gonna build me a guillotine
Grab these suits by the hair
Drag them by their power nooses
And chop their lovely heads off
It's French Revolution time
Burn it down
And they will read
As each famous painting
Fight the message of leading the people
Yeah
43 years she's changed
43 years she's changed her desk
43 years she pushed around
Paper clips and rubber bands
And still writes memos
43 years and she hated every damn minute
of it
Now she takes what she has
Now she waits for her landlord to sell her building
So he can toss her on the street
43 years of all that paper
Paper pushing
Pushing papers
Of being an appliance
Part of the hardware
The interior decorating
43 years of feeding no one for a paycheck
But you know what I say
All these buildings
All them skyscrapers
All that chrome and glass
Filled with all that paper
Well we could have ourselves
One hella Molotov cocktail
All we need is a little gasoline
And just one match
Right to match
All these people
In their starched white shirts
Who act like they own the streets
And the sidewalk and the world
Because they do
Burn it down
Burn it down
Burn it down
Burn it down
Burn it down
All these damn heads
These damn clubs
These damn turn-rides
And ants on these drones
In my way I am lost
In the forgotten guts of dead
Obvious and witness souls
Jesus came to Marketplace
Jesus came to Market Street
He said burn it down
All you buyers and sellers
He said burn it down
You profane my world
I am riding my bicycle
Through the den of lepers
And I am trying to remain unscathed
But we
We're just a white slime man
I was fed television and Twinkies
And the scroungy ethics
Of children of the compression
One who can't throw away
A piece of Wilton lettuce
And one who buys
Cricks of the finest
Just to watch it rot
We are the refuse
Of the feeling sister
We are fire
Of the world
But oh
The break
Of twisted feelings
The rollick who wants
To be danced
Oh come on
Come on
Like a match
Oh yes yes yes dear friends
oh yes yes yes dear

And what better way to start off a show than to burn it down?
That was Huge Voodoo, dear friends.
Our dear friends, Huge Voodoo, Reverend D.K. Jones and D.B. Grant,
and their friend Dominique Lowell, I guess, the poet with whom they were working that particular recording.
And so, well, that's the way to start a show.
We just form the ball and start it rolling, then sit back and watch what happens.
Much as, we must surmise, God did himself, or itself, sometime before the Big Bang.
At this time, friends, we hope to get better results.
And towards that particular end, here, we'll just throw these cassettes one willy-nilly,
one to the other, side to side, and I'll fill you in on just what has been happening.
I've been gone for three weeks. That means I've got to do three shows tonight.
That's fine. No, thanks to Reverend Susie the Floozy and the Swingin' Love Corpses
and Radio Short.
And Dr. Howell and what, Nenslow.
We've got plenty of tape.
And Owen R. Stevie Moore, you name it.
Might as well call these Nenslow shows.
He sends so much wonderful background music and terrible, bad songs.
And friends, well, I was working last week.
I went to Chicago to act in a video game called Dueling.
And I was playing with my co-star, Rudy Ray Moore.
Yes, Dolomite, the famous comedian.
You probably don't even know who he is, do you?
Well, he's...
You'll just have to buy that game in five years when it finally gets developed.
Boy, everything's computerized, my friend.
Are you caught in the net web?
If so, the spider has come.
And that's the last time I see you,
because we've been swimming through the digital sewer there on the Internet.
The information catheter, as they call it.
And you know, for this church, my friends, it's like a whole new world to plunder.
And you know, for those of you who aren't familiar with it, the Internet is a real plane
of existence.
Just like the before life.
And hell, I'm not.

And the happy, frappy ground.
Some people even go there when they die.
You may not know that the Internet was invented over two decades ago just to host subgenius
gossip.
That's the only...
You get onto...
There is a subgenius land in the Internet.
It's called alt.slack, or alt.slack.
You go there.
And it's just like a subgenius.
It's like a subgenius convention.
It really is.
You'll get some pathetic, unfunny, unoriginal, unforgivable human nerds.
And on the other hand, you'll get some of the best yetinsiny you'll ever be lucky enough
to know.
And then of course, there's those out there who say nothing but only watch the vampires,
the lurkers.
But we have found that there are people out there, thousands of them on the Internet,
who think that the Church of the Sun is the only one that can do that.
And that's right.
And that's because the subgenius is an invention of some net geeks years ago.
They have no idea that, uh, about the books, the videos, the radio shows, the tapes, the
comics, the clothing, the pranks, the stage divivals, the poisonings, the mental institutions.
They don't know nothing about none of it.
And it leads to some gross misunderstandings, my friends.
Now, uh, speaking of books, it's out.
Revelation X.
The Bob Apocryphon by the Subgenius Foundation, uh, is out.
It's in stores.
Any store that tells you they cannot order that Simon and Schuster fireside book is flat
out lying.
It takes about two minutes to order them, uh, or any of our books.
I do it every week.
And so can any bookstore.
Though they will lie to you.
But, uh, but I don't want to get lost in the dogma.
Let's see.
What else was there?
I wanted to make sure that you all knew.
Uh, I don't know.

Um, uh, we're just so, so busy.
I'm getting ready to leave town and do the revival.
Got to preach some revivals in Cleveland.
Yes.
And Akron.
And, uh, Philadelphia.
And, uh, but the word of Bob cannot be staunched.
And the stench from those staunching would be enough to make you want to unwrap the dressings
anyway and clean out that pussy wound as we're trying to, uh, to do.
So, uh, uh.
Somehow, right now, if I can just figure out what comes next!
Eeeeeeeeeeee
I'm gonna run like the wind
Dah dah dah dah
I'm gonna run like the wind
Run like my mom, run like my dog
Run into the bathroom and drop a log
I'm gonna run like the wind
Into my bathroom
To be free again
I'm gonna run with fingers in my hands
And I'm gonna run into the night
And I'm gonna run into
Running my fingers through
Running into the night
Radio Shorts presents
The Misplaced Tapes of Tim Morrison
When the moon hits your eye
Like a big pizza pie
That's amore
When the stars seem to shine
Like you've had too much wine
You're in love
When you walk in a dream
But you know you're not dreaming
Signore
Scusa me
But you see
Back in old Napoli
That's amore
That's amore
That's amore
When an eel swims on by
And munches on your eye
That's amore
Go in
cheat
Is the
New Зehm


Gets as张
Drives my head

And we canBC
greatest music ever created because it also has those sound effects.
And before that, of course, the rare Jim Morrison outtakes from Radio Shorts out in San Francisco,
what's also called Brain Rot West.
We'll have some Brain Rot East coming up.
And before that, that lovely song, Run Like the Wind to Be Free, was from the album Hemoroidal Oink.
Yes, that's called Hemoroidal Oink by Hemeroy Rogers.
In this case, this band changes their names constantly.
Hour of Slack folks would recognize them also as Big Poo Generator.
And I don't know, I can't even keep track of them.
But yes, Hemeroy Rogers from their album variously called Hemeroid Oink or The Roid Way.
And here's their address. I want you to have their address.
And you can send off for tapes, I suppose.
Maybe you can get more information out of them than I can.
Try addressing this to Big Poo at a post office bar.
Box 376, Yorba Linda, California.
That's box 376, Yorba Linda, California.
92686.
Once again, 92686.
That band scolded me for not giving their address as often as I should.
They also go by the name Forearmed Mildew Bandits.
And Department...
Department of Food Conservation.
So, well, you never know what you're getting either on this show or any other...
Anything else that has to do with the Church of the Subgenius.
Although you will...
Those of you who are dues-paying members, even before the price went up,
you're probably owed a stark fist of removal magazine.
And we're working on it, man.
Sir, ma'am.
We're...
We're working on it.
We're working on it.
We're working on it.



As a matter of fact, you can get previews of the stark fist.
Why, anybody can for free on alt.slack
under the alternative heading on the internet, dear friends.
But of course, that is the naked stark fist.
It's got no art to clothe it.
It has no italics nor boldface.
And thus, we consider it the nude fist.
One-month-old.
But I probably shouldn't go too deep into that.
Because, friends, I have a little sermon here.
It's kind of a homey sermon.
But it's downright touching.
From the great Orton Nenslow, now of Portland.
And, well, he calls this one Nenslow Babylon.
Let's just look into it, shall we?
One thing I never get tired of pointing out, and that never seems to do any good, but I do it anyway,
is...
this conspiracy technique of the disconnection.
It's very common in advertising, where you get a picture of something and then the name of a product.
And there's no connection between those two things.
But you're supposed to associate the two in your mind.
And then next time you want to experience whatever it is in the picture, like peace of mind or something,
then, oh, boy, I'll just buy that brand of cigarettes or whatever, or liquor, or whatever the thing is.
And...
it causes a reaction.
It causes a disconnected connection.
And it's kind of...
it's associated with, and yet not exactly associated with, the principle that if you can provoke an emotional reaction in somebody,
then you can sell them anything.
As long as you hit the right button.
It's very...
it's...
since this is a political election year around Master Control Programming World Headquarters,
I'm seeing quite a lot of that.
They're...
trying to bypass reason by using emotional reactions.
Uh...
you know, the reasoning part of the brain, at least in humans, was the very last part to develop.
Certain other species, it came along a little bit earlier, but in humans, it was the very, very last part to develop.
And so it's really easy to bypass it.
It's easy to...
to hit some of the other...
the survival trait buttons, the emotional reactions.
And...
and...
sidestep any kind of rational thought.
And...
and plug in whatever concept you want to do.
That's how con...
genuine con games work.
It...
Keep your victim from thinking.
And you get them excited,
give them an emotional reaction, and bam, sell them whatever you want.
and they just go for it.
One of the great creative minds of the last few decades,
I don't know about right now, but up until recently,
John Waters, the writer and filmmaker, has pointed out to many of us
that the best place to pick somebody up is at an accident,
because they've just had a severe mental, psychological shock,
and it just turns the brain right off.
And then you say, oh, well, let's go get some coffee,
and, oh, well, come on over to my place.
And they say, oh, okay.
They'll just follow you right along like a little lamb,
and they don't know, they're just not thinking at all.
You can do anything you want with them.
I'm not saying you should do that. That's not a good thing.
I mean, you should always get informed consent on everything.
But I'm seeing how you can just bypass reason with any kind of slogan.
You just plug a slogan in, and it's just a good thing.
You can plug a slogan into your argument and follow it with any kind of concept you want.
One of the real popular things around here now is oriented toward children.
Protect our children. Stop child pornography.
And then, boy, everybody's in favor of that.
I know I want to protect people's children.
I don't have any myself.
I don't think child pornography is good at all.
But that's not going to keep me from thinking about
what kind of weird setup we're going to have
if we pass some of these strange restrictions
that people want to plug into our great U.S. Constitution
that guarantees all our freedoms.
I mean, subgenius in particular, it seems to me,
has really got to be active in speaking out for the rights of abnormal people.
I mean, people who are not...
plugged into the conspiracy,
pure, straight robot, food tube,
watch TV and work till you die kind of track.
People who are definitely out there doing something weird,
strange, even something that we ourselves may feel utterly abhorrent.
It's still our privilege, our duty, to support
our weird,
weird,
inhuman,
even obscene acts.
I know even if I myself think it's completely stupid
for people to do some kind of art,
make an art performance out of necrophilia or something,
I'm not opposed to it.
I mean, somebody's going to do it
eventually whether they make an art show out of it or not.
I mean, people are...
Oh, people do all kinds of unbelievable things to each other
and to themselves all day long.
Boy, I'm all for it.
I think we should all be all for it.
One of the great saints of our church
who I think had better remain nameless,
it's not who you're thinking,
is currently undergoing a gender exchange,
and, you know, I was really shocked when I heard that
certain people who claim they're subgeniuses
are really offended by this and have refused to communicate with this person.
I mean, it's not the sort of thing I'm going to ever do
because, God, I have enough trouble just being a man.
But, you've got to...
I really have to take my hat off to this totally insane individual
because it's certainly going beyond anything that I could ever conceive of.
And if that's not what this church is all about,
then, boy, what's it for?
To be normal?
No.
No, sir, it's the normals that we're supposed to be intolerant of,
not the people who are weirder than we are.
I mean, you've got to go some before you're weirder than old Nenslow,
and, man, you've just got to hand it to anybody you can freak me out.
And I'll tell you, it's not easy, but I'm trying to be...
You know what I'm saying?
It's the normal, mindless, robotically obedient, intolerant, insensitive boobs
that we should all hate.
Not...
Boy, not these weirdos like us.
I always say I'd rather live next door to a man
with a closet full of dresses than a man with a closet full of guns.
I've lived around all kinds of weirdos, and I'll tell you,
I never had a Vietnamese transvestite treat me like a weirdo,
and I felt grateful for it.
If you're like me, you get sick of being treated like some kind of a freak,
and the best thing I can say about some of the people
who are being treated like monsters these days
is they're tolerant of other people.
Unless those people are actively engaged in abusing and beating them,
well, they are nice to you.
They don't cuss at you or yell at you on the street
because you're not as weird or as normal as they are,
because they're just concerned about who they are,
trying to figure out where their head's at.
Maybe it's in a really weird place compared to yours, but I'd rather...
Boy.
Weirdos are better than normal people when it comes to just trying to get along,
I'll tell you that, except for a few of them who just can't get along with anybody.
I know I have a real hard time.
I always say killing people is easy,
but getting along with them is...
That's the rough part.
You're a conniving, clinging, blood-sucking bitch.
. . .
I'm giving up everything for you!
. . .

Help me!
Help me!
Help me!
Help me!
. . .
Paranoia from high...
For the bad stings
rotting in the midst
Disease
handed down, one wretched man before
Flesh-eating virus
stay away from me
Another way is well- retrained
the life force of unity
Pretense
and humor
Work well and hide the truth
Conscious of great parts
And death that lies within
Help me!
Coming to take you home
Help me!
Searing through your bones
Help me!
Coming to take you home
Help me!
Yes, dear friends,
Indian Rope Burn.
We'll continue with that song a little bit
on side two of show.
That's Indian Rope Burn
from Akron, Ohio.
Yes, and before that,
the good Orton Nenslow
with an inspiring speech.
And now, well, it is just about up
to side two of show.
But I should give you the address
of Indian Rope Burn.
Well, hell,
just to give you the address

Just call them.
216-673-6196
Yeah, just call Indian Rope Burn.
Go ahead, do it.
216-673-6196
See you on side two of show.
Self-deprecation
Is about this
I just
Help me!
Coming to take you home
Help me!
Searing through your bones
Help me!
Coming to take you home
To you, come back to me
Help me!
To whom
To you, who you make a First in Love
Paranoid
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Paranoid
Open Meyer
Black Lama

Cl件






arika
Kalimba
Aliich
Baron LAHei
Who Got it?
ltz
Uh, yes, dear friends.
But before we go too much further, what is it that I needed to give you?
Oh, yes, I want to give you the address of the evil Orton Nenslow.
Because if you were to send that guy some kind of eye in the pyramid piece of flesh,
one would indeed find in return the new realization pamphlets,
as well as master control and other instructions.
For those who follow no master.
And that address to write to is Nenslow at Post Office Box 86582.
Yeah, once again, that's Nenslow at P.O. Box 86582, Portland, Oregon, 97286.
That's it, once again, 97286.
And for those of you who were just a little slow on the uptake and didn't have your pencils ready,
the phone number for Indian Rope Burn is 216-673-6196
to inquire about their tapes and CD.
And ask for Reverend Clay and tell him Reverend Stang sent you.
Uh, yes, and, uh...
Oh!
Oh!
Oh, and I should mention to the three subgenius diehards out there
that there's a girly magazine on the stands
that you boys and girls might want to see.
Yeah, the special holiday issue of New Rave Magazine.
Yes, it's a slick convenience store magazine
called New Rave Magazine.
New Rave.
The current issue, holiday issue, it says,
got two naked girls on the cover.
Looks like twins.
Uh, it has in it a wonderful six-page article
about the church, like, just imagine,
the church of the subgenius.
And for once, I mean, we've been,
we've been written up by all the great hustler publication,
girly mags, chic, high society,
a hustler itself.
And not to mention Penthouse and Playboy,
but this is one of the new ones,
and despite the title, Rave, or New Rave,
it, you won't find it next to, uh,
uh, Mondo 2000 or any of those other things
in the health food store, nay.
But you will indeed find it probably next to a sandwich
between Jugs and Buff and, uh, Hustler
and maybe Leg Show, maybe Bear At,
it might be next, between Bear Assets
and Big Butts, Volume 3, Number 7.
It's my favorite issue, man.
Um, and, uh, and I, I think in the next show,
I might actually read some from this article,
because in this case, the, uh, expose
on the evil church of the subgenius
was written by a certain Dave DeLuca.
Hmm, now who could that be?
Coincidence?
Coincidence?
Could that possibly be any relation
to Lonesome Cowboy Dave,
the itinerant, uh, semi-retarded
country-western singer and substance abuser
and, uh, uh, a struggling writer
known to and beloved by all of us listeners
of WCSB in Cleveland?
Hmm? Hmm?
Well, uh, and, uh, and he got just the right quotes
and they used just the right pictures,
although they didn't credit them,
and, boys, there's a picture of Reverend Susie the Floozy
in this magazine that, by the time you finish
listening to this show, you're gonna be wanting
to rush out and buy the thing just to see
what she looks like.
And just between you and me, um, even in clothing,
Sister Susie will, uh, get the, uh, splatteration
going quicker than all those Barbies and Heathers
in the rest of this magazine.
Not to put those plasticine, uh, retouched,
shaved, anti-Prairie Squids down or anything like that.
You know, we don't want to be sexist on this show.
We always want to be very politically correct.
But, uh, yes, New Rave magazine has some, uh,
inside news about the evil church of the subgenius,
including a, uh, a lexicon.
It even has, um, you know, to define terms like
excremeditation.
and patriopsychotic 00
00
00 00 00 00 when he's dealing with human profession.
who is modeling a subgenius t-shirt.
And another picture of her modeling the subgenius boxer shorts,
but that's all she's modeling.
I tell you, man, in this modern day and age,
they'll just print pictures of anything.
Well, there's Pope David Meyer preaching to the lost.
And, well, there's even pictures of me back when I had short hair.
And, okay, yeah.
What?
But I gotta, you know, one has to ask oneself,
in this world,
why is it that something so noble and uplifting
and so dedicated to traditional fashion
and family values, as the church of the subgenius,
why must something like that be featured,
not nay, in one's local newspaper,
but rather in a girly magazine,
or as they say, skin rag,
available at your local sub and schlub,
or stop and shop, or whatever.
I just don't know what it's coming to, my friend.
Bye-bye.
Where things are going, it might be too much to ask.
Bob, I pray that I live to see the day
when the young and the old,
all those that now so disagree,
will walk together through our streets.
Yes, sir, Mr. Bob, walk through our streets
with banners in their hands that read,
God bless America.
God bless the working man.
Ah, the place, WREK Atlanta.
The time, late, too damn late.
Good night.
I was working the show.
Bob's Slack Time Funhouse.
It was episode number 39,
and it looked like it wasn't going to be a pleasant one.
I'm the Reverend Susie the Floozy.
I'd wear a badge,
but there's nowhere to pin it.
The street is my beat,
and every city has them.
Mean, ugly, slackless streets.
Some streets, some streets
even have less slack than the bad ones.
Some places are so incredibly slackless
that they create a lot of noise.
They create in you a negative slack flux
to where you're having to pay off the man for years
before you even begin to feel one iota
of that blessed slack that you deserve.
Oh, there's one of those places just north of us here.
For lately, Cobb County, Georgia
has truly been the most slackless place
in this benighted country.
Oh, I don't need to go on about the reasons for it.
Their lack of slack track record speaks for itself.
Besides, the details bore me,
and the fact that politics is involved
is tasteless to me in the extreme.
But my church, the holy disorder of fast living
and no consequences,
happens to be located right in the middle of the hive.
Oh, the local branch of the conspiracy
and its frightening political agenda
to issue resolutions condemning anything
but the most abject, po-bucker standards of normalcy.
Oh!
It's so offended even me
that I have found myself standing smack dab in there right away
to block their slack-scraping bulldozers.
In fact, dear listeners,
I am so entrenched in the cause
to preserve our precious weirdness
that I will be at the Square of Marietta tomorrow afternoon
for a rally with thousands of other like-minded mutants.
Why?
Hey, this is so out of character for me.
Is it because I think I can change things?
Ha!
Hey, I'm not about to change the world.
I didn't crap in its diaper.
And I'm certainly not fooling myself
about reprogramming the Yahoo-centric pink boys up there.
Oh, their jeans are tied behind their backs.
Oh, look at them down there.
They can't evolve above the level of bottom feeders.
And I am not going to the Square tomorrow
with a starry-eyed belief
that my participation will affect generations
of inbreeders.
Oh, yeah, little yellow water in the gene pool
sure goes a long way.
Hey, I am simply going there
because it will piss them off.
Yes, I am going to give myself the gift of hate,
the one emotion left that has any impact.
Oh, the others have been chipped away
and stripped down to the raw wood.
Love, sex, even fear itself
are incapable of penetrating the gene pool.

The numbing turtle wax coating left on your psyche
by years of insidious input and video overload.
Oh, yeah, it's locking you up
like mega doses of sugar in your cerebral gas tanks.
But hate, hate is the one armor-piercing emotional bullet
left to kickstart your vapor-locked biogram.
And so, with that in mind,
let's dive into tonight's episode
of Bob's Slack Time Fun House.
And hey, baby,
lest you and me get a real hate-on.
I got those refreshed
Hostility blues
Here in the heartless city
I'm elbowed and muscled and hustled
around by a queer turn of sight
I'm bound to be pleasant to those I dislike
I got those refreshed
Hostility blues
Lost in the cruel,
cruel city
I'm jostled, maltreated, and cheated
In turn by an odd twist of fate
I yearn to be gracious to people I hate
I'm a boy,
Some emotional lackey
Who craves someone to attack
I need a wafer, a waitress, or a hacky
Oh, promise not to fight back
I got those repressed
Hostility blues
Here in the no good city
The anger I'm feeling is all in my mind
Oh, if only I knew
Some kind of a someone to transfer it to
Oh, there must be a chump


I got those repressed
Hostility blues
Here in the no good city
The anger I'm feeling is all in my mind
Oh, if only I knew
Some kind of a someone to transfer it to
Oh, there must be a chump
On whom I can dump
My repressed
Hostility blues
We have a new type of rule now.
Not one-man rule,
a rule of aristocracy or plutocracy,
but a small group,
elevated to positions of absolute power
by random pressures
and subject to political and economic factors
that leave little room for decisions.
They are representatives of abstract forces
who have reached power through surrender itself.
The iron-willed dictator is a thing of the past.
There will be no more stallions, no more Hitlers.
The rulers of this most insecure of all worlds are rulers by accident.
In it, frightened pilots with controls of vast machine they cannot understand,
calling in experts to tell them which buttons to push.
We're going on a witch hunt.
We're going on a witch hunt.



Let our blimmin' burns
Stand in firm example
So the rest will learn
We'll cast out those
Who live in sin
This is a bad, bad world
We need discipline
A water will brew your life in stone
I want absolute control
I'm a big, big brother and I'm everywhere
I'm a big, big brother and I'm everywhere
I'll hold you down, I'll keep you there
I'll hold you down, I'll keep you there
We're gonna be the jury
We're gonna be the jury
Yeah, we're gonna be the judge
We're the powers that be
And we don't budge
The toxic laws
The trade
Get out of line
We'll dig your grave
We'll dig your grave
I wanna rule your life of souls
I wanna rule your life of souls
I want absolute control
I want absolute control
I'm a big, big brother and I'm everywhere
I wanna rule your life of souls

I wanna keep you there
Run this town
Everybody
Run this town
Everybody
Run this town
Everybody
We're going on a witch hunt
We're gonna blame it first
Stand up for the devil
Start a revolution
I wanna rule your life with a stone
I want absolute control
Big, big brother, I'm your nightmare
I'm gonna hold you down, I'm gonna keep you there
They have slain them by the sword
They have hung them by rod
They have chopped their heads off by guillotines
They have burned them at the stake
They have drowned them in rivers
They have hated them
Now, ladies and gentlemen, here's what they hate
They don't hate the fact that a man gets saved
And he quits cussing
Anybody that's in his right mind
I'd rather hear a person carry on a conversation
Without slang and cursing
Anybody has
And there's nothing wrong with the old alcoholic
Getting saved and getting dried out
Nothing wrong with that
Whatsoever
I mean, anybody in the world is for that
I mean, that's wonderful, that's good
And they do not hate the fact
That here is a street-walking woman
That's lived in the scarlet sin of life
And her face has been popped with the sin of her diseased body
That gets right with God
And she becomes a well-dressed, fine lady
Everybody enjoys that
That's wonderful, that's reformed
That's wonderful
And nobody in this world is like that

Nobody in this world is against a teenage rebellious son
Who's been feeding in the big pens of sin
Getting his heart right with God
And becoming an honest, honest, obedient, kind, sweet, loving son
I mean, everybody likes that
Doesn't matter who it is
From the mayor to the policeman on the street
Everybody likes it
That's wonderful, that's good
I'll tell you where the venom gets up
I'll tell you where the hatred comes
When you start telling somebody else about Jesus
It's all right to have your religion and keep it to yourself
There's no hatred of Christ as long as you just keep it
I'll tell you what you do
You start knocking on somebody's door
And telling them that Jesus Christ died for their sins
And if they're not saved, they're going to hell
And you watch the last bit of that
Oh, yes
Oh, that was a little pink champagne for dancing
And here's a little more
Oh
You know, it used to be easy to be entertained
By the idiotic antics of the normals
They were such ineffectual losers
Living out there in their little evolutionary cul-de-sacs
And bad, cheap-ass subdivisions
Where the only trees or rustic trees
Were the only trees or rustic trees
And acting little domestic dramas
To fuel the America's most inbred media furnace
Oh, if only they were John Waters cute
But how is it they're as ugly on the inside
As they are on the outside?
These unenlightened dweebs just can't get the picture
Oh, the redneck is not the state bird
And the state tree is no longer the flaming cross
The future
What's left of it, at least
Is no longer in the hands of the white-landed male aristocracy
Hey, we're taking the place to the next level
Whether they want it or not
We're taking it just like their forebearers took it from the Indians
And, hey, turnabout is foreplay
Oh, but the pink conspiracy dupes
They're just too scared to change
They've latched onto the last vestiges
Of their homogenized world
Like a pit bull on a mailman
And they ain't a-wettin' up
Oh, but their grip had better slip and slip soon
Because the X's are going to take it away from everybody
Except, of course, the card-carrying subgenie
And that's in just a few short years
The cosmic stopwatch is ticking away
And we'd like our chance to screw the world up our way
Hey, there's still a few experiments I want to carry out
While I'm still in this particular gravity
And most of those would be impossible
Under existing state, federal, and international laws
But hate...
Now, hate is something that if you're going to do it
Then for Bob's sake, do it right
Oh, the average po-bucker hates gays, Jews, blacks
Even subgenie, especially the subgenius strain
But not from any basis of understanding
Not from any true knowledge
They've never spent any real time with anyone other than their own type
The workplace doesn't count
Because they have to be semi-socialized in that situation
And the masks are on
But when the gloves are off
Their hatred is based on conjecture and hysteria
The further removed from reality, the better
Oh, it's a bitter, bitter hatred, mind you
But it's hardly sincere
Now, take me for example
I hate normals not because I've heard or read bad things about them
But, unfortunately, I've experienced the banal agony
Of the southern redneck neo-existence firsthand
Oh, I've learned to hate them by excruciating daily contact
With them in a jerkwater po-bucker Georgia town
And I know personally the manure content and the common clay
So let them go back to hate school
And bone up a little
Because they can't hold a candle to subgenius hate squared
I hate it so deep because
I swear they get the piece
One egg might as well
And everything tastes like
Oh, hey, will I hate everything?
Oh, hey, will I hate everything?
Oh, hey, will I hate everything?
I hate those rapists that their hits expand to such a waste
Everything about them even cheer me from my face
Oh, hey, will I hate everything?
Oh, hey, will I hate everything?
I hate working around the house
I hate going in the line
I hate to leave my home
I hate to write this song
Oh, hey, will I hate everything?
Oh, hey, will I hate everything?
Oh, hey, will I hate everything?
Oh, hey, will I hate everything?
One week of every year is designated National Brotherhood Week.
This is just one of many such weeks
Honoring various worthy causes
One of my favorites is National Make Fun of the Handicapped Week
Which, uh
Which Frank Fontaine and Jerry Lewis are in charge of, as you know
During National Brotherhood Week, various special events are arranged
To drive home the message of brotherhood
This year, for example, on the first day of the week
Malcolm X was killed
Which gives you an idea of how effective the whole thing is
And how much of a big deal it is
I'm sure we all agree that we ought to love one another
And I know there are people in the world who do not love their fellow human beings
And I hate people like that
Here's a song about National Brotherhood Week
Oh, the white folks hate the black folks
And the black folks hate the white folks
To hate all but the right folks
Is an old established rule
But during National Brotherhood Week
National Brotherhood Week
Lena Horne and Sheriff Clark are dancing cheek to cheek
It's fun to eulogize the people you despise
As long as you don't let them in your school
Oh, the poor folks hate the rich folks
And the rich folks hate the poor folks
All of my folks hate all of your folks
It's American as apple pie
But during National Brotherhood Week
National Brotherhood Week
New Yorkers love the Puerto Ricans
Cause it's very chic
Step up and shake the hand of
Someone you can't stand
You can tolerate him if you try
Oh, the Protestants hate the Catholics
And the Catholics hate the Protestants
And the Hindus hate the Muslims
And everybody hates the Jews
But during National Brotherhood Week
National Brotherhood Week
It's national, everyone smile at
One anotherhood week
Be nice to people who are
Inferior to you
It's only for a week
So have no fear
Be grateful that it doesn't last all year
Oh
There's a stool behind your 12-smith

Remember it's�를

ethnography

Never worked as a guitarist
Un criminal

Who 짜증ed the church
With the appoulding Ugh!
I hate you!
and, oh, we heard Susie's wonderful, touching hate rant.
Oh, it moved me.
It moved parts that normally don't move on their own.
Deep, deep inside.
Oh, what else did Susie play along in there?
Well, Bill Burrows, you heard, way back in there doing,
no more Stalins.
And Susie's brothers band, the Pink Lincolns,
doing Cotton Mather.
Yes, the Pink Lincolns.
They actually have an LP out that's probably pretty hard to find.
It's on EFA Records.
They have a couple of LPs out.
Yes, that was Chris Burrows with Cotton Mather.
And, of course, Susie mixed Pink Champagne
with the Christian.
And, oh, that brings us back to our own special brand of hate
here at the Church of the Subgenius Headquarters,
which is the place you should write to.
Get that pencil ready, man.
For free information.
In-formation.
Well, it's catalogs and all kinds of stuff,
but, you know, this is probably a non-profit radio station.
We're non-profits.
So, the place to write.
Just whoop it out to Bob.
Just good old, if you want to do it right, put Bob in quotes
at a post office box 140306.
That's box 140306.
That's box 140306.

Here in lovely Dallas, Texas.
Home of the Dallas Police.
And, well, you know, it's as we used to say
before the Secret Service tried to shut us down that one time.
Made in Dallas.
Where we teach them to shoot at presidents
and at people who shoot at presidents.
Oh, just...
Just kidding, folks.
Only Democratic dead ex-presidents.
And that zip code is 75214.
That's 75214.
Thank y'all.
