From PR News in Washington, I'm supposed to start in late August or early September.
This triggers a period.
The Saudi Foreign Ministry says it will keep flying even if the mechanics walk off to the White House.
The Democratic senator has died.
According to his agent, Democratic senator died this morning of L's disease.
He was five years old.
PR's bad.
PR's bad.
On Wall Street, 10-6-4-6-5-5-1, NASA may test reports.
NASA could pump in a super cold blast off, cut off, blast off.
Engineers have been struggling to find the source of PR news in Washington.
I was smart.
I covered all the angles.
I have an airtight alibi.
Dicks, if you had anything to do with it, I want to know.
Tell me.
Why do you want me to confess?
Because I'll have to get you a lawyer or maybe get you across the border into
The Self-Genius Power of Swatching.
Well, what do you think?
I'm glad you're not a genius.
Or a sick man.
The Aetherian overlords of the...
The UFO have thinking minds, feelings, and emotions like we do.
Head.
Another head.
You need a man.
Bob.
Bob.
TTTTTTTT government harassed.
And this has been coming to a head.
Coming to a head.
Coming.
Coming.
Coming.
Coming.
Head.
Head.
Head.
Head.
It's a small world.
Sex.
Sex.
Sex.
Sex.
Bob, I'm not going to ask you what you think of this.
The breakdown.
Breakdown.
Break.
Break.
Break.
Break.
Break.
Break.
Break.
Break.
Break.
Break.

Break.
Break.
Well, let me just kind of paint a little picture here.
Sexual freedom.
Putting condoms on plastic penises at the age of eight and nine.
So what's happening here?
Schools are teaching our children free sex.
Shove.
Things will get better.
We were very much involved.
So let me just paint you a little picture on a daily basis.
They really don't have any clue.
Very nasty girls.
Wow.
Oh.
Oh, you're kidding me.
Feels good.
Watching videotaped sex.
Watching videotaped sex.
That's correct.
And in fact, the children now are even coming sexually aroused.
And homosexuality now.
I think I might be a lesbian now.
What do I do?
Details.
How to use their fingers.
How to use their mouth.
How to use their tongues.
Hey, I've been with a girl.
Strippers.
Prostitutes.
Pornography.
Phone sex.
Prostitution is an acceptable and moral vocation.
Stay up.
Very small staff.
I feel somewhat.
I feel somewhat impotent.
In the loop.
In the loop.
In the loop.
C-H-S-U-Z-H dot D-E com.
So many neat ways online to find out about.
Very nasty girls.
Wow.
That was interesting.
Wonderful.
We'll be back to make it.
Unmistakable evidence has established the fact.
Every three years, an ancient ritual takes place here.
Japan will probably get quite wet on both Monday and Tuesday.
What is your name?
So let it be done.
Not a bad cat.
Who is this fair young god coming to the house of people?
That was Lamprey Systems.
More of that from LampreySystems.com.
We've also been hearing and will continue to hear lots of collages by Reverend Norrell Preff
at NorrellPreff.com.
And Mr.
Fernand and Andy Lemur, who does the titles and so many other things, such as this title
of this show, Hour of Slack number 1006.
And let's go straight back to the live stage radio from 8X Day Drill at Brushwood, New
York, which will be mixed with some canned live radio from KPFA, Puzzling Evidence, Dr.
Howell and Philo Show.
Any questions?
We'll be right back.
Where's the whelmanization that's supposed to be in this mix?
Well, the whelmanization creeps in, part of the entropic constant of the universe.
But instead of concentrating on the negatives, I think we should all extend a glistening
subgenius welcome to all who have come out to participate in this raucous, rambunctious
rolling festival.
How would that be done?
Would that be like strumming the larynx?
We would say...
In a u-u-lating fashion?
We would say praise those...
Praise those who came from near, praise those who came from far.
Praise those who were born on Earth and those who were born on Mars.
From all the corners.
Praise Bob, praise Connie, and praise all the robots who help us here.
And the, uh...
And for us all, let us say...
Somebody said that that noise upsets the goose, the geese.
There are geese who live around here.
They're gone.
No, they didn't upset them.
They're gone.


They're out of range.
Sexually excites the geese.
They got excited.
If you will make the sacred salute noise like this.
In fact, if you can talk about voice to them while making the noise.
Then they'll...
You can get a goose egg and eat it for breakfast.
Shut up, pink boy.
Remember that?
That great old...
Shut up, pink boy.
Those great old days when the exes first spoke to us.
The Chinese is the most advanced of all human species.
A voice out of the whirlwind.
Yeah, when we first heard those transmissions, they...
We thought they were real.
Yeah.
Well, we thought they were just people.
Static blasts coming out of the radio chatter.
Earth must cease all atomic testing.
Shut up, pink boy.
Yeah, I remember.
It sounded a lot like that.
Some of it was thought to be even emanating from the sun itself.
Part of the cosmic background chatter.
They later found it was coming from a star on the opposite side of the sun.
And that gave the illusion that it was just coming right through the sun.
A very powerful one.
It was just coming right through the sun.
Yeah.

Extremely powerful transmissions.
37.
My girlfriend sucked 37 dicks.
In a row.
And...
Action.
We're living in terrible, perilous, chaotic times.
Praise the Lord.
And these times are not going to get any better, my friend.
Why are we all forced to go to work at the same time?
Who arbitrarily decided that 8 a.m. was a good time for everyone to go to work?
What seems to be the trouble, soldier?
You look a little bit worried.
Well, I am.









I am, Chaplain.
And for the peace of my United States is under nuclear attack.
And take cover immediately.
What do I gotta do to get the throwbacks of the subgenius groupies?
And how do I go about this?
Well, you have to be at...
Are you talking about from X Day?
Well, yeah.
I don't mind sloppy seconds.
Yeah, well, I didn't either.
So...
That was the, you know...
Would they count it?
That groupie gets around a little bit.
Are you talking about Shayla?
Oh, you're talking about one particular person?
Is this one of the Love Corpses groupies?
Shayla?
One groupie, yeah.
I thought you were talking about hundreds of them lining up, like...
No, that's an X Day, yeah.
Well, the same one hundreds of times.
Anybody else need to be healed of their guilt demons?
All right, come up here.
Okay, what have you done tonight, River Chrisley, that you feel that conspiracy guilt demons inhabit your ass?
I've really had a good day today.
Well, I'm sorry.
That does it for you?
I watched the news recently.
Oh, there you go.
Put your hands upon the table.
Are you ready to be healed of the conspiracy guilt demon?
I think so.
All right, here we go.
Oh, yeah, those conspiracy guilt demons are coming straight out of his ass.
Oh, yeah, River Chrisley.
All right, you've been healed.
My friends, that was Reverend...
...Nicky Deathchick.
Ah, yes, add to the most recent Cleveland subgenius devival.
Don't call me babe.
Another public service announcement from Braille Cream.
What?
Bugger me with a fish fork.
What are you looking at, buttonhead?
But this whole place sucks.
That's right, it sucks.
Hey, that new church air is just great.
Alert today, alive tomorrow.
Welly, welly, welly, welly, welly, welly, well.
Conspiracy!
I told you I...
Did I not?
Uh, no time for the old in-out, love.
I've just come to read the meter.
Well, Herr Doctor, I have an idea.
Take off your pants.
Me?
Take off your trousers!
Yes, yes, very good indeed.
It is very good, don't you think?
Excellent.
I can hardly be the gay companion you wish me to be.
Every so often I get a strong sex urge, and the only way I can take care of it is to masturbate.
Masturbate.
Masturbate.
Masturbate.
O...
I tell you, I'm closed in on your his-his, or the things being done, the事!



Welcome to the sec-
Wag Song of Sloppy

recognition tickling

by 2019
by Japan
by 2019
masturbate just like I'm committed a crime or something. It worries me. I say well, I won't do it anymore
And I come back and do it again
And when I do control myself for a while, I end up with a wet dream
Hanging from the ceiling wearing women's underwear get that out of here and
Naturally the loved ones tend to cover this up
But it goes even farther because in certain Midwestern states there have been
lonely farmers who have
Conceived a passion for say their their tractor
in a certain case we know of this
Farmer carried a picture of his tractor around in his wallet and he used to arrange things in the barn
So that he could pleasure himself with this powerful piece of farm machinery. Well
Things went wrong as they sometimes do and this unfortunate man's body was discovered with the tractor
still rumbling and
thrumming by his horrified
survivors who found him wearing a garter belt hose and crushed and
asphyxiated by his
reliable cherry red John Deere a tractor
He perished how do you explain that to June he perished as a martyr for love
Junior only your dad had he didn't die in a foreign land killing someone for hate or greed or for the
false specter of glory he died for love for an ideal of love and
Love with a tractor
Among the stars
Well, it was a tractor
It was a tractor. The problem was it was not the right love object. I know that's what I think
He did not stifle himself
I wish she was a tractor. I
Think you missed the point. Dr. Drummond. The idea is that
better to have loved and if I had a
Nickel for every point I missed I'd be a millionaire now
That is how Bob became a millionaire
He's got a nickel for every point he missed and for every opportunity that he lost praise Bob
but yes, the thing is just because Bob can make physical love to a tractor and come away unscarred and
In fact the tractor made to run better
and
he says you're not Bob
You can't you can't hump your tailpipe and expect?
anything but burns and especially when it's red hot after bumping over the
Wretched roads of rural Arkansas all day. You're not Bob. You can't you're not
No, but you have a Bob given Dobbs Ian nature. There is a you better tell some of these people
Bring out
But don't bring it out downtown Sherman. Yeah, in fact, don't even bring it out past that sign up there
But you can bring it maybe that you should bring it out
That guy right right come any closer than that than Reverend Chris Lee there if you're gonna bring out your abnormality
Particularly has like gunpowder or anything. Yes, if it's gasoline burnt from
Abusing machines if your name is Al or something, but you know sooner or later those robots are gonna get good-looking enough
They talked about the horror of Babylon, but they didn't say anything about how attractive she was her good-looking
Naturally, she's attractive. They make her look unattractive
She's a whore. She has to be fairly attractive just for a reason
They don't want you to be you know spellbound by the idea
I mean a whore who only gets like one date in her whole career. She's not gonna be known very far and wide, you know
Not in the normal not like the whore of course a lot. Ah, she was so popular
back in her day
Of course, we're not speaking of the mother of she could carry on a
station a
semi Ramos
Nimrod the architect of the great tower of Babel
Before his time all humans spoke the same language the old solar tongue, but afterwards it was
transmogrified into the many
varieties of a jibber-jabber which now buzz around the earth and destroyed Nimrod's great project but
in-between
brokering the construction of the Tower of Babel
Some of which still stands in Iraq. He was also topping his own mother
Semiramis now would that be between the jibber or the jabber it would be between both jabbers and
Topping the stopping that was when worse the route from stop well, you know, we're talking to a bunch of adults here
I don't think we need to draw them a picture. It's important to draw the
diagrams and chart the exact philology that we need to understand where these words come according to
the Bible



The first part of the story is the story of Isaac's Christians
He committed an unnatural act and was forever cursed by the ire of Jehovah one
You know the story
So, you know the rest of the story just remember it for now
The shadow of the Tower of Babel was six miles long
That it's a full height which was
Was that at noon?
Not where it was located no
The arch of sita fun is nearby can still be seen although they'll probably blast it down one of these days
If you stretch my rubber till it's thin enough to tear I just
stretch my barb
like
You could just take your finger and only it's just your finger end times
angst the mark of the beast its technology that'd be great
I would do it big business. They want to keep everybody poor a Bob
Hey Bob, but I find myself praying for a lawyer
Well, Bob, you know, it's very reminiscent of homosexual rights.
Homosexuals deserve equal rights.
Yeah, and Bob, if you look at where we are now,
if you look at where we've come and go on and go on,
please, somebody help me find a lawyer if I need some help.
In the neighborhood, you'll absolutely love it.
Bob, my friend, God bless you.
Thank you.
Bob, my friend, God bless you.
Thank you.
Ba-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, use cash.
You could.
Use cash.
You could.
Do you believe the beast is coming?
Well, wait, wait, wait, we'll get there.
But we're talking about running your finger.
Okay.
You said you would have no problem doing that.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Well, that's another topic.
Let's stay on the mark of the beast.
Okay, well, I'm saying that's the mark of the beast.
Well, that's another topic.
Let's stay on the mark of the beast.
Okay, well, I'm saying that's the mark of the beast.
Bob, use your common sense, Bob.
Bob, use your common sense, Bob.
No.
A bag of Fritos at 7-Eleven?
But they ought to know better.
They ought to know better.
What, Bob?
What, Bob?
Your finger running across.
Your finger running across.
Bob, it's a pleasure to speak with you.
Paranoid.
Paranoid.
Paranoid.
Paranoid.
Paranoid.
Paranoid.
You bring up what you ate last night.
The words in my mouth.
Do you.
The words in my mouth.
Do you.
I want to tell you about the mark of the beast.
Yes, ma'am.
At 666.
At 666.
666.
That serpent on the stick.
Bob's heart can be hard at times.
It is necessary.
Bob can have a tough love.
Most of the time,
his love is in a traditional sense.
You feel this glowing warmth from him as you pay him.
And then a departing sensation of dampness.
But there are times, you know, when you just...
Squishy pads.
When you end up after it's all over,
you have to go,
Thanks, Bob.
I needed that lesson.
Bob, you sure hit the spot that time.
I didn't really need those brain sips, Bob.
Thank you, sir.
May I have another?
You were right.
I didn't need the use of my legs, Bob.
You were right about that.
Bob, I don't know.
I don't know what you did, but you just keep on doing whatever it is that you do.
All that blood was wasted being circulated through those appendages.
You'll know it when you feel it.
Do you guys, like, practice talking at the same time?
That's something I'm sure that all of the show listeners would love to know.
It just seems that whenever some of us talk, somebody else always talks.
But it seems that way to each person.
That's our style, man.
Don't you get it?
Yeah, in stereo.
In stereo.
In stereo, sure.
It's a Bay Area thing.
Well, in a better world than this, it would work out better.
It's all the perfect mixes on the Akashic Records.
And we'll get them all played back in just a few hours.
On the imperfection.
In just a few more days.
We must concentrate on our small fields of success, such as they are.
You lock into a groove and you just, you know, follow it.
Yeah, you get in the zone.
You get in the zone.
You hang in there.
Try not to act like you're born in a barnyard.
Try not to show it.
Try to act like everything's normal.
Yeah.
And everything is normal.
Whoa, where'd that come from?
Welcome, Mr. Happy.
Yes.
So we want to welcome everyone with hope of encouraging and inculcating happiness.
Let's make Mr. Happy feel at home.
You've only got a few more days to feel happy, friends, before the X's come.
And you feel so much.
You feel so much total ecstasy that you've almost wanted to stop because you just can't bear it anymore.
It's not good.
Any minute now.
I'm sure this will be it.
Yes, but you're back and you're still trying.
You're still fighting the good fight.
That's the important thing.
That was good.
That's probably the closest you will get, too.
The fib.
So enjoy it, my friend.
The faith in Bob.
The demented laugh.
In the dark.
Some people don't have enough.
The long step off a tall pier.
If you can't follow Bob blindfolded off that cliff, then what are you even doing here?
If you aren't ready to just take the pill, whatever it is, when Bob says to do it, then this could be a dangerous place for you.
What if you take the pill if I say to do it?
And if you have faith, those pills won't be larger than your head.
That's right.
Look at those pills.
I have trouble swallowing large pills.
So I can't join you in taking the pills at 7 a.m.
These are on the large side.
That's okay.
We have a specially compounded mini pill for you.
They're somewhat big.
No, it's the...
They must be absorbed into the body.
It is the will of Landon.
Old enema.
But X-Day isn't just pills, prairie squid, and face-fucking bats.
Certainly not.
No, it's a time of reflection upon, you know, on the good things and the bad things.
Of our lives.
Unless you've gotten so far that you don't have one anymore.
A reflection, I mean.
Right.
Well, we can only...
When we get on the escape vessels, we can become the living dead if we want to.
That is so.
We can become vampires.
Well, I think we'll enter into a new life.
Then we won't have to pay taxes.
The future...
I'm banking on that.
The happy hunting ground.
You're banking on not paying taxes?
Yeah, I'm banking on the fact that X-Day will arrive, because if it doesn't, I'm going to jail.
After X-Day, they'll pay you taxes, Pastor Stank.
That's right.
Tax-ation will flow the other way.
I'm going to go back to Texas and tax him to death.
Rivers will run backwards.
Ron Barr can tax Bill Ivan.
And trees will shrink to tiny seeds.
I would like to get you the lust of the flesh and the lust of the eyes.
I want to look at perversion, sexual perversion, incest, homosexuality.
Get down on your knees.
Are you being obedient today?
Spitting, snorting, biting, you know, and that other thing.
Right here, please.
A little bit harder.
Oh, thanks.
You better get down.
And have my face and somebody else's fat.
But destroy everyone.
Die on drugs.
We've kicked God out of our country.
Sodom and Gomorrah.
Big deal.
Wretched and naked.
But we're fat.
Are you involved?
Are you in?
Number two.
What about you?
Why don't you do it?
What about you?
What about you?
Satan cleaned up and...
I like a pat on the back, too.
Sodom, you know...
They were hot.
Oh, I don't want any more.
No, I don't want any more.
Look at me.
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
All over the place.
Get back in line.
I'm here, mother.
You're not going to hurt me.
I'm number one.
Gotta go.
You're not hung.
You're an animal.
You're an animal.
You're an animal.
You're an animal.
Give.
You think he hammered that one home?
Change my heart.
Satan.
Changed my heart of Satan.
An abundance of idleness.
From PR news in Washington, I'm caused by a grounding problem.
President Bush sent portographic emails.
Sexually explicit.
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld says,
That was mindless.
Rumsfeld was briefing reporters at PR news.
Recapping our top story, police have responded to portographic senators today
to try to prevent opponents from carrying out threats to disrupt PR news.
Fernanda Nande-Lemur.
Before that, some babaganda from Noropref.com.
But now, back to July 1st, 2005, as we await July 5th, 1998.
You know, have you all figured out what you're gonna grab on X-Day?
Are you gonna...
I know what I'd like to grab on X-Day.
I, for instance, have dibs already on the entire contents of the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam.
I've got the Grand Canyon, okay?
Monument Valley, okay?
Just keep your hands off the plastic dinosaur warehouse in Las Vegas, Nevada.
You can... now, alright. The towel's got dibs on the plastic dinosaur museum in Las Vegas.
I thought this has all been settled. We've got the map drawn.
It's actually just outside.
I don't know what this is all just...
We're simply pointing out that there's a world available for the plucking.
For those who were here...
It's already been divided up, so don't think there's a lot of leftover space.
First...
Subgeniuses, uh, prototypical members of the new...
It's mostly been divided.
...the new race which shall populate the new eon.
That's friends, but there's gonna be a lot of competition with your fellow superior mutants.
When you get that spaceship, say, I'm gonna run over...
I'm gonna go to the Grand Canyon fast before one of my fellow subgeniuses fills it in with human skulls!
Because I may not be as vengeful as some of them.
I only have a few dozen people that I'm gonna put into eternal torment.
For inconveniences they caused me in the past. No more than that.
And I know some subgeniuses are going, I'm gonna kill everybody in Dallas.
I'm gonna... I'm gonna spray all over the world and just kill everybody.
I don't care. I'm full of hate.
Reverend Stang, I have a question.
Well, that's fine. Go ahead and indulge your hate.
But give me a few minutes to... to rupture up a few of the collector's items that I wanted to keep.
And some of those include pinks.
Now, how would you deliver this paint?
I have quite a few living pinks that I want to have as pets.
And I'll trade with you later.
Would you deliver...
Do you see yourself delivering this paint in like... in the form... having to use a tool to do it?
Or would it just be like...
No, it'll just be in like a dream that Mrs. Darden...
There it is! There it is! There's the map! See, it's already divided up!
Oh, you missed it. Sorry.
Yeah, we did... we did divide...
Dr. Drummond and I divided up the United States.
And so-so daughter drew it up as a nice looking map.
And you can purchase that map for only $40.
You can giant...
You can purchase one of the lands if you want.
You can purchase one of the states of the Union.
They're not completely sold.
It is on page 126 of Revelation X.
The concentration camp of normal land is still available.
Yeah, we've got... we need that.
That's most of Oklahoma. What's now Oklahoma.
The normal land concentration camp.
That's where we keep the normals that weren't wiped out.
But, do you know the Exists, when they gather up samples from the Earth,
will actually take some normals in their gathering camps?


Yeah, they will.
And so it actually won't be just the subgeniuses.
They will probably take, you know, for collection purposes,
one Republican, one vegetarian, and so forth.
Well, I was gonna do that myself!
They need something to grease the machinery with.
But they'll take all the subgeniuses because they are not alike.
They use the vegetarians to grease the machinery.
Each one represents a holotype specimen.
Each one is potential of speciation,
and diversity, and multiety in unity.
Praise Bob.
And that's why the general ruck of normals and Nelkis and so on
will be represented only by a skeleton crew of specimens.
Yes, Nelkis, that's what our German friends call pinks.
Really?
Nelki, yes. Nelki.
Is that German for pink? The color pink?
The German word for rose pink. Nelki, yes.
Nelki.
Nelkis und normalen.
Nelki.
As they say.
That's what the Nelkis!
What the hell, that sounds familiar somehow.
Yeah. There's a footnote in Revelation X,
but naturally you can't keep all this in mind with the many items on your docket.
You mean I should know that because it's in Revelation X?
It's a minor footnote in Revelation X, yes.
That's right.
Damn.
It's down there. It's not a header, it's a footer.
In the search for the method of communication with alien intelligences of space,
such as the overlords of the UFO,
rock and roll means sex.
Mind you have been abducted by aliens.
This sex craze.
Nymphomaniac.
Oh, I love to be naked.
You really are dangerously cute, baby. I gotta admit it.
Sugar.
I love it.
Be careful.
Look out for that UFO.
Mama.
Sugar.
Mama.
That.
That.
Is my UFO.
The full, locked in rock space
Video images and X-rated, ghost sex
Overload your memories
As I devour your gross clusters
And lick your beaks
Alien, android, succubus
Alien, android, succubus
It's more of a satisfaction of hunger than desire
More, more sugar
She's not a robot! She's a woman!
More sugar
She's a penis
Yeah
Yeah
She's a vagina
She's a vagina
She's a vagina

Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
More, more
Alien, android, succubus
Alien, android, succubus
cœur
Ah
Ah
It's an organic sludge that keeps coming.
Machines keep humming.
As the time walks and dances into a dreamland of dreams.
I love to be naked.
The microtech drops the entire soundscape for eternity.
Alien, android, succubus.
Alien, android, succubus.
I'm coming.
Thank you, Time Master.
Alien, android, succubus.
Can I have it?
Alien, android, succubus.
Alien, android, succubus.
This is from OBE, Out of Band Experience.
And friends, that's from BillTMiller.com.
You can go to BillTMiller.com.
That has all the information you need.
The album is almost out of print, but you can download the whole thing
and like ten other excellent rock collage type albums.
That's BillTMiller.com.
Now, back to 8X Day Drill, Stage Life Radio.
So, ladies and gentlemen, we're here, perhaps sacrificing some of our slack,
in the greater effort to bring slack to all.
And we must assemble at the...
precious moment when the great saucer will hover over us all
and begin to glean and collect us, the lucky ones,
for our act of faith and for our hewing to the subgenius doctrine and party line,
the only remaining definition of virtue in this imperfect world.
Well, that was beautiful, Hal.
Well, uh...
He just...
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
He just...
He feels...
You know, Hal has such strong feelings that he can just talk that way.
He doesn't have to write these things down and memorize them
like I do everything I'm saying right now.
Hey, you missed...
You didn't say that last statement right either.
I was just reading that.
You missed it.
Well, I try to fake it.
But there...
Mr. Q.
It's not often that you have Reverend Ivan Stang or Dr. Philo Drummond
or myself, Dr. Howland Owl, right before you.
And that's...
In the flesh.
That guy right there at the same time standing in that spot.
So you could ask us things and we could tell you
since we're all set up to do something...
That guy over there, too.
...in the nature of a service.
He's standing right in that one spot nobody stood in...
And it might...
...for at least 20 minutes.
...help us all on our journey away from slacklessness
toward that bright, remote point of light.
There's some rules.
There's some rules behind that.
Do you have your questions on pieces of paper?
No.
If you're going to speak, Mr. Thompson,
you're going to have to share it with all of us.
You have rules.
There's rules here.
You can't just do this Ask Dr. How thing without following the rules.
That's right.
I think it should be asked to all of us.
This great gentleman seated before you all,
the venerable Dr. Hal Robbins,
he is a fellow who I first met at the first IndyVival I attended,
a rather illustrative...
...loved gentleman I found then.
But he is possessing of a very unique talent.
And that talent is the knowledge,
the full comprehension of, you know,
of eldritch facts that have been assembled
in the great cultural history of this thing
called the Church of the Subgenius.
And you may ask him any question you like,
provided you write it on a slip of paper,
preferably include a $1 or more tip,
and he...
He will answer all.
He knows all, sees all, nothing but the truth.
Ladies and gentlemen,
Dr. Hal Robbins is at your disposal this evening.
Well, thank you very much, Reverend Alex.
But I think it's a bit much to ask people
who have already shelled out money to get here
to put money in envelopes, which we do not have,
and write questions on slips, which are not present.
But if they were present,
I would certainly read the questions and give answers.
Of course, the presence of questions
argues the existence of answers.
Neither have any actual palpable guarantee of existing.
But, boy, there's a great display of art there.
You can't even keep your mind on what you're doing, can you,
because you're looking at that art and you're losing track.
Well, it shows what...
It has the distractibility factor.
It's mostly your art, that's why.
Maybe you've all thought,
what are you going to do when you get on that great,
resonating, vibrating space vessel?
How are you going to find your stateroom,
your own personal area?
All these things will be taken care of for you,
as long as your name is on the manifest,
the passenger list.
You have to see the warrant officer,
also called the bursar,
to see if you're in order, if you're paid up.
It's important.
It may seem a trivial matter.
But, of course, everyone here has, if not paid in the lucre,
the long green,
made some distinct personal sacrifice to be here.
And we honor that.
Is that lucre like filthy lucre?
Well, filthy only in the sense that money is considered an imperfect value.
But it's the only value that is really constant.
I found that the one thing about money...
that it never lies.
The one thing about money is that no one...
It never...
will acknowledge even for a moment
that it might not have the value that's printed on it.
It never lies.
It never lies.

This exercise can be done sitting down.
If you choose to lie down on the floor,
do so in an uncomfortable position.
Straighten your legs, keeping them at your side,
and your eyes uncrossed.
Make sure that your spine is not touching your body.
Let's begin.
Scan your body for feet and toes.
Now, pay attention to your buttocks and release the air.
Feel the warm air.
Focus on the sound and feeling of your...
What was that?
An internal explosion. A bad one.
Gas exploding in pockets.
No matter. Let them laugh.
And with each passing year, it became...
more and more evident that he was endowed with...
strange powers and abilities.
Far beyond those of ordinary human beings.
Jack off all trades.
Master baiter of none.
Okay, well, we're just winging it now.
We've run out of material.
We used up... That was our script.
We're gonna start ad-libbing for a while now.
Tell us a story about Bob.
Yeah, Dr. Drummond, you knew Bob in college.
I knew Bob when he was just a little boy.
And he lived in Fort Worth, and he lived down at the bottom of a...
No, he lived at the top of a big hill.
How about later when he was a...
And his daddy brought home a bicycle one day.
But it didn't have any brakes on it.
And little Bobby got on the bike and...
headed downhill.
Well, you know the story after that.
But what about when he was a teenager and a red-faced drunk?
What about then?
Sure, they said he was a drunk, but maybe his face was just red from embarrassment.
It was red from being a hearty enjoyer of life.
Oh, I... See, I do have a question.
It was ruddy. He had those kind of ruddy cheeks.
Dr. Drummond, I have been given a question here,
so maybe I'd better answer it. And it says...
Okay, I'll shut up.
My 18-year-old son won't come to X-Day
because he's afraid of the weirdos.
How do I convince him in the future to come?
Well, you know, the best way to influence the rising generation
is to be a good example of ourselves.
And it wouldn't hurt to raise your youngster with adherence to the weirdos' creed.
I, insert subgenius name here,
do solemnly swear to be under my own genius
and not that of the conspiracy.
My own particular spirit or genius shall be my guide.
Even if it tells me to swing out on that fraying rope swing
over the pit full of broken glass centipedes and rusty nails,
I will do it and take that leap into the unknown.
Because Bob is with me.
His pipe smoke enshrines and surrounds me.
And I shall have slack in the house of Bob forever.
Dr. Hal Robbins, thank you.
If that traffic light looks red to you and Bob says it's green,
what are you gonna do?
Who are you gonna believe?
You're gonna floor it, baby!
You're gonna push Bob out there ahead of you.
Prove it, Bob!
That happens.
That's how it works.
You, uh...
Because that's faith in Bob.
You know he can do it.
He's gonna go out there and prove it to you.
When faced with any difficulty of any kind,
bring out your subgenius faith,
your strong weapon,
your sword, your buckler, and your shield.
Yes, this is your secret method of triumphing in adversity.
And look, when everybody's panicking,
it's not really called shoving.
Yes, of course, people are laughing at him.
Toиеe who...
Male Voice Long after that,
a car they were then in rural Walton County west of Athens. However, local authorities hope $25,000
will spur more support for lynching suspects alive. Efforts to seek lynchings have been stepped up
since the recent PR news in Athens, Georgia. Stock prices $4.4, $10.13, $5.12, $29. The Dow $6.66.
A coalition of civil rights groups have set up clear plastic food containers to hold
suspects. Tribal elders exploded in the nearby hotel. Today, Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld
predicted today that the groups working on PR news will be assassinated on schedule by August 15th.
Police in London say they've identified two of the four suspects in last week's PR News Washington.
If you want to know more, go to www.webcast.com.
I'm a friend of the Reverend Ivan Stang, and I was a normal.
Well, no, actually, I never was a normal, but I tried to be a normal.
Man, Bob shows up in the strangest places. All I can say is I'm glad I got over it.
It works for a while.
It's just a phase.
Oh, you can fool others for a while.
You can even fool yourself for a while.
I know that comes with who you convince you know you're talking about.
It's like that guitar player said.
If you can convince yourself that you know who you are.
Anybody can sound, any guitar player can sound like Jimi Hendrix for a little while.
For one note, yeah.
But you have to leave this wah-wah pedal behind you.
I can play like Jimi for one note if I have the right kind of equipment.
You have to indulge in some study of technique.
These are somewhat disquieting photos here, Reverend Stein.
Yeah, the subgenius art mine is not for the faint of heart.
No, they're for heart ignition.
The fired up of heart.
Heart ignition is the person who drew the ones that we're seeing.
And they're actually drawn, although they're drawn on a computer.
They're hand-drawn with a...
A hand somewhere along the line had something to do with their...
He goes by the name Heart Ignition.
And is that in the subgenius art mine?
Yes, that is also in the art mines.
I didn't print all of them, but we did publish some.
So keep watching, folks.
That's pretty sweet.
The important part, Hal.
Surrounding said blood-besmeared member is a cut-out paper Dobbs head.
I saw that. It was in this.
That's why I said this was a rather disquieting photo montage.
Was that the one that got your attention?
That's the one that got my attention, actually.
He put a Dobbs head on her with a big hole in it.
I said, oh my lord.
He had Dobbs and her at the same time.
They saw it. You don't need to repeat it.
During the sacred time of the month,
when you can only get a girl pregnant
if there's a Dobbs head wrapped around your pecker.
Of course, some people say that you put a Dobbs head on anything
and that makes it art.
And here is the question.
The Weekly World News said,
dinosaur pee made the oceans.
Is this true?
As a subgenius, I am qualified to tell you
that you can set your mind at rest.
This is a fabrication.
If the oceans were comprised of the urine
from giant saurians of years past,
they would have had to consume a similar amount of liquid.
Where did that come from?
The urination of invertebrates from Earth's carboniferous age?
And even that doesn't let us off the hook.
Giant oranges.
There were the eukaryotes and their frantic attempts
to clear their proto-blastards.
Giant watermelons.
Which created the water spouts of primitive and earlier oceans.
And some say that in the latter days of the Earth,
the shrunken oceans, the last remnants of the former great seas of our planet,
which will fitfully...
Graves.
... subside under the bloated view of a huge, unsightly red sun.
These, too, will be thought by some primitive, superstitious sorts
to be the leavings of an enormous, perhaps semi-divine bladder.
But it will be as untrue then as it is now.
We tend to think of results rather than process.
And it's more important to consider filling the bladder than emptying it.
Because it's always important to get more.
So, no.
I've got a question.
Not...
So, therefore, your answer...
Furthermore, dinosaur bodies don't produce gasoline either.
Now, yes, dinosaur pee and dinosaur bodies themselves ultimately did...
Produce those...
Fossil fuels?
No, they didn't.
Petroleum layers?
Not true.
No.
A gas company put those ads on TV.
Now everyone believes it.
Totally untrue.
Well, a gas company actually put the fossil fuel in the ground.
Everybody knows that.
Well, it's certainly the sludgy former biomass...
Fossil fuel comes from the moon.
... of previous lustrums...
It pipes from the moon.
... of cosmic time.
But not the...
Hidden behind clouds.
Individual saurian behemoths of a primordial long-gone time.
But what about that cloud-moon theory?
As picturesque as this image may be.
You know...
What about that cloud-moon petroleum theory with a big pipeline?
You mean the one that Native Americans have?
Right, right.
You know, that the petroleum actually comes from the moon through a giant pipeline.
A snake, actually.
It's a snake.
Well, a mythopoetic story.
The structure of human thought is flexible and plastic enough to expand, to contain that and many other charming beliefs.
It doesn't mean that we have to follow them.
That's a brilliant idea.
Thank you, Dr. Allen.
I must congratulate you on such a...
Well, am I...
You're saying, well, some people sure are crazy.
Yes, they are.
But we're not going to lampoon them for that, but rather applaud them...
That's right.
... for their degree in...





of going off the rails,
which is to be commended
insofar as they have done it,
however far they have gone.
They deserve encouragement.
Our job is not to cut down
jungles of misapprehension.
Our job is to irrigate deserts
where nothing grows
and to create new growth,
new life for Bob.
Bob.
From PR News in Washington,
I'm suffering from pneumonia
and a debilitating PR News.
Saudi Arabia's king is being succeeded
by his hapdula.
Sudan's vice president died.
Garang crashed.
Monsoon rains have shut down fetuses.
The announcement came on state-run PR News
by the information minister.
British police say they arrested
the failed PR News in Washington.
So what do you do on the show?
Dr. Hal.
Now what show would that be?
A regular show.
Our radio show where you also are present.
That's the one.
Yeah, well what we do is
we do about two hours,
although the first half hour
is usually filled with
Wellman's incomprehensible tapes.
No, they're not incomprehensible
if you've seen the movies
that he extracts them from.
Or if you've listened to earlier shows
that he...
splices them from.
All old, all dared before.
Everything that you've already heard
you shall hear again.
It's what we call
eternal reoccurrence.
Reconfirmation.
And eventually you hear little bits of it
bubble up on the hour of slack
over and over again.
That's right.
Nothing is lost.
No tidbit that falls
from between the red lips
of father time
is...
is...
is...







ultimately jettisoned
into the universe.
It lands in his beard
from which precincts
we retrieve it.
It's never lost.
You'd say though
that the show is...
You could say that a lot of it is wasted.
It's highly ritualized.
It's formalized.
It's been going on
for more than 20 years.
There's a certain protocol
of why and wherefore.
That's right.
We just did
Hour of Slack number 1,000
but the show has...
has started
a couple of years
before the Hour of Slack.
Our first episode
was October.
October 85.
And the show,
I think...
I was on the first
two show shows
with Bob Nelson.
I think that was in 1982.
That's pretty good.
Well, you see,
it's gone out into the ether
many times.
Ahem.
Ahem.
Ahem.
Ahem.
Ahem.
Ahem.
Ahem.
Ahem.
Ahem.
Ahem.
Does it hurt?
Ahem.
Does it hurt?
Ahem.
I...
I...
I...
9-11 didn't happen.
Stop.
Does it hurt?
Ahem.
Ahem.
Ahem.
Ahem.
Ahem.
Ahem.
And a...
some sort of silly little
personal vendetta
that Bush had.
Whatever.
Uh,
grab mo.
Dick.
Wailing and moaning.
Wailing.
Wailing and moaning.
Get dick.
Grab dick.
Dick.
Dick.
Uh,
uh,
uh,
and,
and,
oh,
oh,
oh,
oh,
oh,
woe is us.
It all,
it all,
it all,
it all,
it all,
it all,
it all,
it all,
it all,


it all,
it all,

it all,
it all,
it all,
We're in theط14th century,
it all,
it all,
it all,

Noral prefi collage there,
and before that somе doctor Howlin Fyllo y some Dr. Hallen Filo at eight x day drill But now a contribution from Fernande Nandeli Mer.
I'm like a robber baby,
I am frownsy.
Just a,
just a robber baby.
frownsy.
If you stretch my
Robert tell it
mantely,

enough to tear. I just stretch my rubber like a rubber boot. Bouncy, bouncy.
Do aliens have the SETI program? Oh, they don't call it that.
So what do you know about the SETI program? Can you tell us just a general
kind of synopsis of where it is today? Well, it's not an unofficially sponsored
program from our government, but there are many people who are involved and you can donate
your computer to the hashing over of the data that are received from the void. And you can
participate in the SETI or Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence program. That's why they, the
aliens, don't have it because they are not searching for aliens.
They are looking for anything from beyond the earth themselves. They do have one, but it's not extraterrestrial.
No, it's called the SHIT, the Search for Human Intelligence.
You're supposed to pass these to me and then I give them to him.
Very well. That's what my showbiz partner...
Don't I actually ask the question?
You may. So go ahead.
You pass them to me and then I ask them.
As you wish.
Okay, here is one that is the perpetually asked question from those that have little understanding of the rules.
Here it is. It says, what should I ask you? Now that's sort of an open-ended question. We like one that's a little bit more specific.
We're going to take this question. This question is asked a lot of times. It's seen by some to be one that has an element of humor attached.
Okay.
Well, that's a flat-out lie.
Well, that's what we do here in the so-called post-modern age. We ask self-referential questions.
Inward spiraling loops which echo only against their own sides.
But this question does betray an actual desire to go further with this question and answer business.
And I should say you should ask about anything that is related to the world.
So, I'm going to ask you about something which seems as if, though unknown, it might be bodied forth somehow.
This is an unusual situation. We are an unusual group of people gathered at an unusual event.
And it is quite possible that something will occur to you under these circumstances which might not normally percolate up as you navigate the reefs and shoals of your daily life.
So, you might indeed ask and put me to the task what the name was that Achilles used when he hid among women.
Or what song the sirens sang when Ulysses was lashed to the mast.
Or what they call this thing between your lips.
Toads in the rice that killed the poppy, cockalorum, and the cockahoopatrice.
That thing is called the philtrum.
See, I told you.
Well, you have another question there. So, what is it?
Okay. Now, I'm trying to...
I also have a little bit of editorial license in some of these questions if I see fit.
What will the common...
Now, is this trade language?
Somebody said trade or is it tirade language?
It's trade.
It could be trade.
If it had an I in there, it could be tirade language.
The T seems a long ways away from the R.
Okay. I'm sorry. I won't be...
I won't criticize the actual script here.
What will be the common trade language on Earth in so... in 50 years?
Looked like so.
50 years.
It's like so years, kind of.
Half a century.
Psychotic anarcho-materialist.
That's a language, you say?
It will be by then.
Anarcho-materialist is a language?
In 50 years, it will be a language instead of a political system.
Because it will be so completely ingrained.
Since language is common.
It will be a language of thought, a thought language.
Yes. If it's common, it will be thought.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to jump in and answer your...
This is the Ask Dr. Howell show, Reverend Stang?
No, I've... I've...
I don't remember.
I've welcome any assistance with these answers.
I've studied the prescriptions.
This is the... Okay, we're going to change...
I'm going to change the show.
It's the Ask Dr. Howell and Reverend Stang show.
And Dr. Drummond. Don't expect to get out of it since...
I'll just editorialize the questions.
You can for a while.
Okay, now...
Please, your responsibilities will catch up.
It's a very, very subtle question, please.
Anyway, the common trade language on earth, as it is common,
will be one in which thought is possible.
And if it is a trade language, then the materialism part makes sense too,
since one must trade in material objects and goods.
The idea that ideas themselves are saleable is a transient phantom
of a sort of masturbatory release of willful thinking,
in the first cries of the newborn digital age.
So one must expect the language to be truncated,
full of abbreviations, numbers, ever fluctuating colloquialisms,
and in jokes of a winking, sniggering nature.
The purpose will be not just to be inclusive, but exclusive.
For mark well my words, the common traders of fifty years hence
will be the movers and shakers, such as they are.
Of course, they may be nursing their seeping radioactive wounds in caves
and bartering with sticks, bugs, and logs.
But...
How much are they worth?
Nevertheless, power is what it is.
If bugs be the token of exchange...
If bugs, sticks, and acorns are...
If they are the medium of exchange,
one will murder for them as well as they do for gold,
that glitters and shines.
And if subgenius pamphlets are the medium of exchange,
then you can find a preview at www.subgenius.com
or by mail from, got that pencil ready, Subgenius Foundation,
P.O. Box 181417,
Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
And I've run out of questions.
Okay, now we're at a dearth of questions.
In fact, we have only one question with one word in it,
and I don't really believe it qualifies as a question.
It's too grossly open-ended.
Just has a three-letter word.
Just give it to me.
It says, why?
Is that it?
Why?
Why is not, that's not an appropriate question.
The question is why, and it's followed by a question mark, right?
Right, it's followed by a question mark.
That makes it interrogative.
Therefore, it is a legitimate question.
The question is why.
The answer, of course, I'm sure you all know before I even say it, is...
I know.
Because.
Yes, because.
There's only one answer to why.
The presence of a question,
the presence of an interrogative mood implies an answer.
But both are artifacts of intellection.
Both simply have to do...
In a relativistic universe like ours,
where you stand, and perhaps how fast you're going,
whether you be standing or sitting.
You're still in some sense at motion,
not at rest.
And as long as you are moving,
you require an answer,
because you'll be in a position to ask a question.
Who are the overlords of the UFO?
From PR News in Washington, I'm taking steroids.
The China Kongon Corporation Critics Capital Chinese clears the face of El Segundo.
President Bush has formed in the Atlantic,
currently about 800 miles east of the central north.
President Bush is washing Peter's,
bypassing the Senate,
and, uh, sickens you up.
The president tested positive for PR News in Washington.
Protected every day of his life,
— he sneaked into crypto- targeting the internet
— ever since the king gambed money for a goldfish.





Lenovo is the new impressions of Chinasea by the end of 2019,
so every day you'd like to become known.
Today, all netizens around the world
are watching Chinabase TV,
This week's bonus filth cuts.
Oh, I should mention this background music here is by Print Rogers.
Strange music found on the internet by Baldin Praner.
Print Rodgers.
Anyway, friends, this week's bonus filth cuts.
First, from Reverend Nora Preff.
Talk about sex.
Talking about sex.
I suspect my husband does, too.
Talk about sex.
Talking about sex.
I suspect my husband does, too.
I know he does.
Talk freely about sex.
It's a bugaboo.
We want to share our excitement and experience with our children.
How about his head?
As it grew bigger, Shelly could feel it.
Mommy, mommy, mommy, I want to ask you something.
But he seems so big.
There's a special opening just in front of the place where you have your BM.
The special opening that little girls have.
The one I told you about has a name, the vagina.
Now, you know that little boys like our Johnny have a penis.
You see his penis.
He is able to put his penis into the vagina.
That special opening that mothers have.
Sex gear, sex gear culture.
Do we have a great creative artist here examining body parts, including his genital sex?
Who hasn't?
Jimmy.
What's this?
And what's this?
I'm referring, of course, to masturbation.
Masturbation is not harmful.
The young child often plays with his genitals.

Growing boys will either masturbate to get rid of this energy or have a nocturnal omission.
Parents are very wrong.
Genital organs are formed.
Tammy, don't do that.
Honey, that's nasty.
Honey, you know better than that.
Shame, that's nasty.
You know better than that.
Without even thinking.
Every so often I get a strong sex urge.
And the only way I can take care of it is to masturbate.
Masturbate.
Masturbate.
Masturbate.
Masturbate.
Masturbate.
And I come back and do it again.
And when I do, it goes away for a while.
And it worries me.
And I say, well, I won't do it anymore.
It's like I've committed a crime or something.
And when I do, I feel awful.
It's just like I've committed a crime or something.
And when I do control myself for a while, I end up with a wet dream.
George, I'm really pleased that you can tell me about this.
Perhaps it's because we've known each other for so long.
There is still another reason why it is important to straighten this out.
Sex pressures.
Hmm.
I'm going to have to go to the bathroom.


But we'd be a lot better if I were bigger.
I was so embarrassed about the size of my penis.
This is an age of acne that Crank realized that the size of his genital organs.
Would you believe it?
What did you do then?
I get so mad.
I know.
About the influence of the advertising world in stimulating sexuality.
Titillating devices such as.
Happiness.
Titillating devices such as.
Happiness.
I see you're making more strips, Dr. Drummond.
What we're just doing is you don't have to do that.








I've been doing this silly question and answering thing.
But there it is.
Have you got a new one there?
Yes, this is one that I.
All right.
Oh my gosh.
I didn't see how you got it.
Okay.
Now, what does Kevin Nealon's asshole taste like?
I think there's a signature there.
There's a signature.
It says, from Floyd.
Floyd is very, very interested in Kevin Nealon.







He's interested in the flavor of Kevin Nealon's asshole.
Well, you know, there's no point.
Something he's dreamt about often.
Yes.
There's no reason for envying Hollywoodsters and their tropes.
Look, I can tell you, Kevin Nealon's asshole looks just like everybody else's asshole.
That's not the question, Philo.
The question is not what it looks like.
What it tastes like.
I would imagine tastes are a lot like looks.
They're very similar.
No, they're different.
That's why we have different organs of sex.
Different organs of sensation.
A different sensorium.
The taste...
So now we're going to hear about Kevin Nealon's diet?
Well, yes.
That was what I was next going to speak of.
Kevin Nealon is a vegetarian.
In fact, he is even a vegan.
Although he affects a sort of a not caring, stylishly nihilistic attitude.
In fact, where he himself is concerned, where serving the inner man is concerned, he's not
going to add to his food tube things like ho-hos, twinkies, Yankee doodles, or devil dogs.
What he is going to eat are oats and groats and all that kind of stuff that people mistakenly
ingest thinking they will live forever.
Without a personal investigation into the taste in question, I would say that without
the acids produced by the digestion of...
Just compounds.

...meats, what you eventually have is a sort of an overall bovine impression.
One of summer lofts, hay...
Meadow muffins.
Slightly decaying vegetation, floral scents.
And then he's also a Hollywood guy and keeps himself fairly well cleansed, unlike those
of us who have to labor in the rougher portions of the world.
Kevin Nealon.
I was sitting down there.
They had a party for me, but Kevin didn't come.
But he sent his regrets.
Well, that was Dr. Howell.
This is Reverend Ivan Stang.
Good night and Bob loves you.
