No. No, stay where you are. For this is a time of slack. This is the slack hour.
Hey, you guys know-
Hey, you guys know-
I got a robe and a pretty nice ring. You bet that brotherhood's a wonderful thing.
Guess what? I'm amazing now, and you better take care if you want to stay on the good side of the guy who's got the secret handshake.
Hey, you guys know-
Should we talk about the governments that I control? Should we talk about the hands of fate, the dice they roll?
But the secret things you'll never see. The secret man you'll never be. The secret room that has no windows.
Too late to make amends, cause the wheel's in motion now. So get up off your knees, try to carry on somehow.
You can't escape it, so you better not try. Now there's some friends of mine who'd like to say hi.
Guess what? I'm amazing now, and you better take care if you want to stay on the good side of the guy who's got the secret handshake.
Hey, girl!
Yes, you better pick up on it. Jonathan Colton, I'm amazing now.
From an album you can find out about on jonathancolton.com.
Colton with C-O-U-L.
Thanks to Dr. Legume for showing us Jonathan Colton.
This hour of slack will be easy for me since it's mostly a puzzling evidence show from KPFA Berkeley, February 22nd,
with Dr. Howell, Dr. Philodrummon, which I've already edited, which was hard.
The rest is by the great Mr. Fernandinani Lemur, except for little clips here and there by The Large and some music coming up.
Now, let's go on the air with puzzling evidence.
Hello. You're on the air.
Hello.
Hello, Nina. You're on the air.
What are you doing?
We're doing just fine here, washing ourselves and the little fins of the bombs in the beauty of the dead guy on a stick.
What are you doing right now?
Just standing here watching Jesus.
You are?
Yep.
Are you masturbating too?
No, no, no. I'm watching Jesus.
He's sleeping with that...
He's finishing the mail.
...wood that you hear on the radio?
We are the guys on the radio, yes.
Oh. Well, I don't know if I'm on the radio or not.
Am I on the radio?
No, I'm not.
Look! White man, come now!
The old captain.
Captain made an impressive picture with his white semen on his shoulder.
Take some slack.
He used to be tough as new hemp, but he's getting a bit rusty in the joints.
Yes?
A bad epidemic of smocks has broken out in the Indian village.
Smocks?
You know, these Indians, they're contaminated and they'll spread the disease everywhere.
Yes, I know.
They'll spread the disease worse than ever.
Doctor.
Yes?
Yes.
I just thought of something.
Captain?
How could you do?
Captain, burn furs.
Well, start right now.
I'll spread smocks to the Indians tomorrow.
Ah, that was good work, Preston.
Yes, it was, Doctor.
It's a bad epidemic.
Many joy.
Go to Skipper King.
Come on.
Him talk to do.
Hey, boy.
Get up.
Burn furs.
Burn furs.
Burn furs.
Burn furs.
Burn furs.
Burn furs.
Burn furs.
Burn furs.
He's got smocks.
The early Yukon Doan brewed them.
Tea.
The furthest to the right on the Laugh-O-Meter was during that phase of the measurement time.
And there's a piece of toast.
Oh, okay.
Well, all right.
Your toast is ready.
Remarkable what they can do these days with their high technology.
The Toast-O-Matic 3000 is the ultimate edge of the technological envelope
in the thinking toaster.
With the inbuilt computer chip, this toaster not only knows how you like your toast, but
when you want it.
And materializes...
There's more ready right now.
...atomic matter.
This toast is from the future.
Yes.
The atoms are actually retrograde.
The grain that this toast is made out of hasn't even been grown yet.
Throughout this piece of toast.
It hasn't even been harvested from the plants from which it will someday be grown.
Well, the dust traveling through time has reversed its atomic structure and...
That's okay.
It's already been sold on some futures market.
Yeah.
And resold and sold and forgotten about and resold.
Do you know about the little white tablet?
To bring your ass under the sun.

Control.
Best for any kind of ass distress.
Only 49 cents.
From PR News in Washington, I'm expanding.
Walgreens reports today the Commerce Department rose at a faster than expected rate in Palo Alto, California.
The government rose at an annual rate of 591.8%.
Rose down after falling by 1.5%.
On Wall Street, 2310291.
622.
President Obama is hailing PR News at a faster than expected rate.
Republicans charge the program hasn't created a second depression the administration promised.
The president says this is PR News.
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown has entered Dubai on a fake British passport.
Gordon Brown's name on a list in a hotel.
At the Vancouver Olympics, a suspected U.S. drone is showing some signs of improvement.
Suspected American drone is 16.
The United States is the 13th in the lineup.
Toyota is reviewing dozens of complaints about PR News in Washington.
And the contempt for human life, even the tenderest, shown by the mighty.
This leads me down another aisle of discontent.
Not my discontent, it's just an aisle of discontent.
I don't know what I'm doing on it because I'm actually very contented.
But I just wanted to see what was on this aisle and it's kind of gloomy.
The aisle is full of people.
Full of voices and mysterious spirits.
Yes, disgruntled employees.
It's one of these haunted islands.
Like the island of Colossa.
Like the island of...
Or Skull Island.
Oh well.
Oh yes.
But those days are gone.
Skull Island sank in 1934.
The lost city of CORE was destroyed.
Was that before or after the implementation of their new system of jurisprudence?
Well, you know, I think the fuss created when she, who was not to be disobeyed,
consumed herself accidentally in the pillar of the fire of eternity,
which was supposed to revive her immortal self,
instead shriveling her on the spot into an hideous mummy
before the horrified eyes of the arctic travelers.
Everyone else gets you.
Then maybe I'll get you.
Maybe then I'll get you.
Maybe then I'll get a chance at getting you.
But until then, I can't have you.
I can't have peace.
Until everybody's got peace.
A piece of peace.
But everybody thinks the way to get peace is this.
Give me a piece of peace.
I'd like to get a piece of peace.
Alright, now get up off the ground.
My peace from up off the ground
come from the hills of Kentucky,
come from the hard times,
bologna for Sunday dinner,
come from the heart of Bing Crosby,
uh, Frank Sinatra.
You know, I'm the other end of your society.
You know, so you can ride your bicycles and do your thing.
You know?
What do you mean?
I mean I think you're lying.
Well, what can I say?
You will say plenty.
Thank you.
What's the meaning of this?
What's the meaning of this?
What?
Don't forget you are simply better than everyone else.
So try, always try to remind them of it.
I know, the fog turns me on, okay?
Okay.
Is that the only thing that turns you on?
Redefine the point of every argument until you win.
I'm gonna give it to you straight up.
That's something my friend Puzzling Ed has told me just recently.
You pardon my Texas land.
And I learned from that.
You can hear the sun rises and it sets with me.
Of course, check your argument for logic flaws.
If you find any, be prepared to scream more shrilly at this point of your argument.
And blame any unarguable counterpoints on your predecessor.
If you don't have a predecessor, simply target the patsy.
Be prepared to scream like a wounded eunuch when you see a tiny spider walking on the bridge of your nose.
Always frame every conversation by how someone else's behavior keeps you from achieving your goals.
Don't take any guff when you strut your stuff.
Always use terms like you always or you never when establishing blame.
What?
Keep your feet on the floor and always watch the door.
Anyone who doesn't share your opinion is either stupid or ignorant or both.
Always stop for a red flag waving and stay on the rails no matter what.
Take this opportunity to belabor that point to them for a while.
Be sure you're right, then go ahead.
People within earshot appreciate it when you remind them of your current mood every 20 to 30 minutes.
You can't underestimate how important this information is to everyone else in order to help them plan their day.
Never, never apologize.
You must be always right.
Don't let a conversation go by without becoming the object of it.
The most frightening words you can hear are, I'm from the government and I'm here to help.
Always talk on your cell phone way too loud every place you go, particularly in elevators and used cars.
Hello!
Because people really want to keep up with all of your coordination.
Better to throw the food in the street than give the kiddies too much to eat, but better belly burst than good meat spilt.
Assume that when people talk about you behind your back it's because your greatness makes them jealous and feel inferior.
You fly pie and apple pen downy makes your eyes light up and your stomachs hang out.
You are great.
Don't deny the world the opportunity to learn from your greatness.
They will love you for it.
How right.
And don't forget what may, to some, may, should have been the first rule would have been in any interaction.
Make sure you have targeted the patsy so that everyone knows who to blame the bad stuff on.
I wear long red woolen underwear winter and summer.
I only wear woolens.
And that's rules for jerks and dominant people.
Cranks and quips and walton wiles.
Nods and becks and wreathed smiles.
Don't forget.
That's it.
You are simply better.
Is the show over?
Oh, no, we've got to forget everyone else.
Sorry, folks.
I didn't know we had just came in and slept.
I always try to remind them of it.
Don't tell me what to do.
I don't like people telling me what to do.
I just come from a place people tell me what to do all my life.
And I tried to shake two or three of them, but they were pretty smart.
I will never grow up as far as they're concerned.
And I kind of agree with them.
Sixteen years old in my world,
and the people living in the streets are generally about,
at sixteen, generally about fifty-five in their minds.
They've done been through more life and death situations
than the average straight-line little house in the rows
dude going back and forward doing what the mother says, going to school.
In other words, life is not in the school books.
You go anywhere off any bus,
you get down off the bus,
oh no, you're broke, you go to the phone, you call moms.
I don't.
I get off the bus, and I go in the aisle and get a tire iron.
And I do whatever I have to do to survive.
See, I was raised up, I may have come from baloney for Sunday dinner,
but I was raised up where you didn't fight, you got .
I can't read and write, but I fight very well.
And so we do
as we discover that when algae create chlorophyll,
quantum events, quantifiable quantum events occur.
In the future, there'll be automobiles made from algae.
That's right, and they'll run on algae.
Algae will do everything.
Now, under normal rules,
electrons travel to their destinations with quick random hops,
but studies of photosynthetic bacteria
and plants suggest that the electrons might act more like correlated waves
instead of particles.
They shift like it's quantum mechanics.
Quantum hopping, they call it now.
These studies have mainly seen such quantum effects at very low temperatures.
That's what they do in the lab.
But this happens at like normal room temperature.
Try a little quantum eating.
These plants are propagating quantum waves at room temperature,
not in a super controlled, super cooled lab.
You know, that's cheating.
Algae, one of the simplest plants known, can do this.
Well, I'll be a son of a gun.
I'll be a son of a gun, Dr. Howell.
How about you?
Quantum weirdness is at work,
even in life, in these nondescript plants.
Can you imagine if it happens there,
what is happening in our own bodies?
Fake bean sandwich.
What?
Sandwich.
Ugh.
Served.
No.
No?
Ugh.
Ugh.
Uh.
That was Jeremy Davies playing Charlie Manson.
One of my hobbies is collecting cameras.
Normal people will check lens or mechanism.
But I have a special method.
A smell.
Smell camera.
Good smell is good camera.
Bad smell or no smell, that is bad camera.
That corner is for amateur.
This corner is for professional people.
Yeah, this is nicer smell.
All right.
But what we need to discover the most is the redirection of violence
into the paths of righteousness.
You mean violent righteousness for a change instead of passive?
No, that's self-righteousness.
There we go.
We're redirecting some of the violence toward, uh, oops, sorry.
Now there is an ancient theory that causes the geographic region
to culture civilizations.
You don't mind if I pillage and rape your Sims village, do you?
No, I don't mind.


Turn to faith in the conceit of divine right
to justify their dominion, to justify their rule of power.
Yes, the evil power that they wielded.
From the Orthodox Christianity of the Eastern Roman Empire
to the Mahayana Buddhism of Northern China.
So, do you have a sign for that anymore?
That old history stuff?
Yeah, start thinking now.
It's a new way you can begin to push your thinking into a bushing.
Surveying such an all-encompassing cosmic scale.
But you will scream for increases.
Unbelievable ongoing where it's happening now, daddy.
You will cry and whimper along.
And, for the more, if I am elected, I will make sure
that the inhabitants of our jails are given a college education.
And it may be ugly, but it's gonna get you there.
That's the important thing.
They can work off time earned by passing academic standards,
which are to be rigorously met.
And that's what we're here for.
Why not just give them the degree?
Courses in locksmithing and demolition will not be included in the curriculum.
What's the point in making them have to work for their degree?
That seems a little punitive to me, Dr. Howe.
They are not given the chance to do anything right now.
And privileges of the past have been taken away in punitive and insane impunities.
But don't you see this imposition of work as a...
Don't you think they should be able to play for their degree?
It's voluntary.
And to those in the know, it is play.
They should be able to have fun all the way to their college degree.
They will be inculcated into the idea of achieving pleasure.
They should be able to watch the movies of their choice,
all the way to their earning their upper-level college degree and their professorship.
They cannot have a choice unless they know what there is to choose and reject.
Uh-oh. I can hear something going on in the studio.
It's just some robot.
But some kind of mechanical contraptoid that's kind of in a...
It's either dancing or it's going crazy.
Well, now it seems to run...
No, there it goes. It's...
Can you push that tape, that button that says tape on it?
Well, I could, but I'm not sure that would be good for my health.
You know, some motions aren't very salubrious.
These ergonomic stools are not well designed.
I know. It's a tough job.
I had a job once where I had to come in each week on Wednesdays.
And on the first day of the week, I'd come in around noon,
and I would push the big red button, and then I would leave.
Wow.
And they paid me like $40,000 a year just to do that,
come in once a week and push the big red button.
And one day, the boss was there, and I said,
you know, I've been thinking about this.
If you put this thing here like this, then it would push the button,
and you wouldn't need me.
And the boss, like, I could see the light bulb go off on top of his head.
Oh, no.
And so I lost that job by engineering myself right out of it.
Because you were smarter than the job.
Yeah.
I just couldn't see why my important time should be wasted.
My time was worth $40,000 a year.
Yeah. Was that boss named Bob?
It shouldn't have been able to be wasted having to push this button
that could easily have been pushed by a robot.
Yes, but that would deprive you of all free choice and free will.
A robot does not have freedom of action.
The problem is I should have invented the robot myself.
Oh, the robot
was in vez of progress.
What?
Is that just a bit?
I've always been short-tempered myself.
I was taken to the trash fortnight
In Quia
In Flatlight City Night
I was taken to the trash fortnight
They stuck me in a big black bag
They stuck me living here
They were and they stuck me out
I couldn't scream
I couldn't fight
My sister told me not to fight
I was taken to the trash fortnight
I was taken to the trash fortnight
They woke me up
In Flatlight City Night
I was taken to the trash fortnight
I was taken to the trash fortnight
They woke me up


I was taken to the trash fortnight
They woke me up
In Flatlight City Night
I was taken to the trash fortnight
In Flatlight City Night

They stuffed me in a big black bag
They stuffed me in a new little bed
They stuffed me and I couldn't scream
I couldn't fight, my sister told me not to fight
I was taken out the trash all night
I was taken to the trash all night
They woke me up with five lights on the light
I was taken to the trash all night
I was taken to the trash all night
I was taken to the trash all night
Oh, I see, there it is, okay.
But what about the parallels and connections
between such seemingly disparate events
as the schism between Rome and Constantinople,
Mohammed's establishment of Islam,
the rise of China's Tang dynasty
and its fall at the hands of the Turks,
the romance of Emperor Justinian
and the actress Theodora,
or Pope Leo's successful mission
to turn Attila the Hun away from the gates of Rome,
the once innocuous...
There's clubs of chariot racing fans
that devolve into mobs of guerrilla warriors
driven to brutal battle by doctrinal differences,
the unification of the German kingdom
under Henry the Fowler,
the repeated invasions of Britain
by Norsemen and Normans
and the hideously bloody Crusades
to impose Christian rule upon the Holy Land.
Fantastic.
Well, uh...
In other news, astronaut probes alien for a change.
Ew.
Ew.
More on this after the top of the hour.
From PR News in Washington,
I'm down to 9%.
On Wall Street, 50-55, 99-2, 21-23.
The Labor Department says this
is certainly not cause for celebration.
Communities across the eastern seaboard
and mid-Atlantic are preparing for what could be PR news.
The victims' identities have yet to be independently verified.
The president of Toyota,
is coming under heavier scrutiny for a gay bill.
The bill calls for draconian gay sex relationships.
The draft law also proposes aggravated homosexuality.
Most recently, from President Obama,
or a serial offender
who denounced as odious the PR text news.
According to PR News.
Something about...
Saccharin, every kind of weird sweetener.
Every weird FDA-approved
magic color.
Every weird color combo.
Purple and red and shocking pink.
Above the fruit.
All in the same piece of chewing gum.
None of which has any nutritive value.
Chewing gum.
If you demand new products like this,
then you're the kind of people we want listening to the show.
That's right.
If it's not natural rubber,
why use it?
What's the point?
Well...
That's the secret weapon we'll bring into the game.

It's true.
Unfortunately, it's not for us to decide.
We can only angle the keel of our onward rushing bark,
but not suspect that we will hit the space between the reefs.
Well, you know, Dr. Hal...
Luck is the intersection of opportunity and preparation.
And with our secret arcane knowledge and our special tools,
we have the people, the place, the power, and the time
to bring forth a new model
Yes.
One which can be adhered to by even the simplest, most rudimentary mental process.
Just so long as one has the F.I.B., the faith in Bob,
then one can surf effortlessly over the Luck Plane.
But as I said a few shows ago here,
for some of us who are plagued with worry,
the possibility always seems to loom that you can surf the Luck Plane,
but then you're going to wipe out.
Who surfs effortlessly?
Well, you can surf effortlessly to the shore every time
without even having to dismount his board.
Everybody wipes out.
And wiping out on the Luck Plane is somewhat like
putting your face through a plate glass window.
That's so true, Dr. Hal.
Fancy goggles and swim caps and the latest high-tech suit
won't help human sperm as they power through their race to fertilize an egg.
You could be rolling the dice, or...

Little wiggling guys rely on a proton-shaped...
...or your own choice.
...target.
...in about...
...of the United States.
Yes, ladies.
Bob!
Leave your whole body glowing with a warm blush.
Enjoy a beauty bath with bath-size...
Bob!
Get bath-size...
Bob!
Just a gentlest massage over your body leaves your skin delightful.
Yes, get big bath-size...
Bob!
I saw Bob take Ben's pants off.
Keep your eye on Bob.
How can I love a God that let me kill my baby?
God loves you because you love him.
Why?
I know you want me back, but I can't come back, Mommy.
I'm dead.
No!
What?
I'm sorry.
We have to come back on at some point.
No, let me go!
Okay, I won't.
No!
There we go.
No, it's all right.
It's all right.
This is my hand.
Here we go.
There we go.
And here we are.
Yep.
And here is how.
Behold his mighty hand.
And we've landed.
Back on the show at 420.
Still, as at first it was, is the hand.
Not yet contented of the creator.
Mm-hmm.
Hi, Mom.
Oh, gosh.
I thought you needed me.
I think the young child's
woke the baby.
Yeah, I just didn't...
Child thinks you are...
Let him have a drink of water and go back to bed.
Here are some soda crackers.
Yeah, that's right.
They probably want a cracker.
Let's just have a big party, okay?
That's it, kid.
Okay.
We're just going to have a big party.
Whee!
But why do you suppose that Shining Path of Least Resistance sent all this stuff about
the yuppies in Shanghai and all that?
Because he thought it was very funny.
It is very funny.
Yeah, but he think we could come and do the show.
Well, of course he's hoping that.
He wouldn't if any...
If he's going to pay, then let's go home.
Yeah, exactly.
But, you know, that's not how the real world works.
We know that.
It's not a fantasy.
This isn't some...
No, no, no.
We don't...
Take some wealthy, benevolent philanthropists who just happen to be listening who would
decide to finance such an expedition.
But, you know, we're going to have a big party.






But, you know, the parallel there is the Crusaders comic book series written by Jack T.
Chick.
Everybody knows the little pamphlets that have sinister religious parables about going
to hell in them.
No face deity.
But Chick also produces these large-sized comic books called the Crusaders series.
The Crusaders are these two muscular dudes, one black and one white, who go around the
world working for Christianity.
Oh, yeah.
And they go to Russia and they fight the communists and they just prove that Noah's Ark was real.
And every time they need to go on one of these expeditions, they go to their boss and say,
Boss, we need to go and solve a problem in Eastern Europe.
And we've been preying on it.
Oh, it's a secret agent.
We're going to have to do it.
Well, that's all right, boys.
You go ahead.
Now, you know, I can't pay you for this time.
You're going to be off your job.
But your jobs will be waiting when you get back.
Gee, thanks, Mr. Smith.
Thank you.
But how are you going to get the airfare to get over there to Croatia?
Oh, I think we'll get it.
Don't you, Jim?
You know who's going to give it to them?
Jesus.
They get down on their knees, these big, beefy, burly guys.
Oh, Lord, please send us the equivalent of the airfare to Croatia so we can go.
Now, I may be down to sleep.
And at the same time, according to Chick's comics, some old lady is driving down the
road in her Cadillac.
And she suddenly says, I have a problem.
I have a strange feeling.
I ought to donate $2,000 to these nice young men in the factory.
And so the money does come from divine sending through the person, the holy person of this
old bag.
They just tilt the luck line by through their prayers and admonitions and absolute, absolute
admonitions.
No, Philo.
When they do it, it's not luck.
It's Jehovah One giving them an unfair advantage, helping them along.
Which the rest of us don't get.
And here is Jehovah One.
So you say.
804 007

And here it is, Jehovah One.


403 007


dark
The adventures of Jim appear from coast to coast.
And now, the adventures of Jim.
Jim is relieved of active duties in our armed forces.
Jim is rather glad that he has the lovely Nazi spy, Twin Kolo, comes in.
That you, Kolo?
Kolo, say, watch, be ready Tuesday.
Well, what are we waiting for? Let's go.
What we do?
Kolo, we're going to that laundry.
Once I go to his house for wash.
Come on.
This is dark.
Hey, wait a minute. Look at this.
Oh, where?
Paper airplane.
Kolo not like this.
Neither do I, Kolo.
Kolo go.
And so, Jim defeats the enemy with a toy paper airplane.
Except I've seen the photos of the pygmies in the oven.
So, what are you going to do?
It takes one half dozen of the other.
And willy-nilly mammoth.
And that's...
What if you had six of one and a half dozen of the other?
Wouldn't you have twelve?
Well, you'd have an even dozen.
Yeah, that's right.
But you wouldn't have a baker's dozen.
There's no wrong, there's only popular.
I never have understood what that expression is supposed to mean.
Six of one and a half dozen of the other is still a dozen.
Something.
Well, precisely.
They are the same.
Although, what it says is these different quantities or essences are essentially similar.
Just view...
...in a different fashion.
An estimate which, by the way, in my estimation, is almost always wrong.
Yes? What is it?
I'm on the phone here.
Uh, it's the 50th anniversary, uh...
I'm sorry, we'd have to get this other phone.
...summer show on the phone, Dr. Howe.
If, uh, I can get the vice principal to answer that other telephone, I can continue...
Oh, just a moment. Someone does need to get that line.
I'll get it.
I don't understand anything outside of my own panic and solitude.
Okay, well, uh, Philo's gonna take care of our little telephone problem.
The pledges are still coming in.
I'll take care of it.
And you can pledge your break now.
There it goes.
Oh, I'm sorry you broke your pledge. Uh, this means that money will actually be withdrawn from your bank account.
Wait, what? Don't kill him now.
Wait.
Wait.
Fat chance, you may say.
Too early.
Handheld tape recorder.
Right.
Too early.
Boy, I wish I had a tape recorder.
Every dollar has its day, and this is not the one.
My tiny, teeny, tinny tape recorder died.
What do you want?
You have to raise your money up, and then you have to toilet train it so it doesn't leak all over the place.
It used to chug and make all sorts of sounds, which should not have, which it would also record, but it still worked.
Why do you waste your money when it just slackfully leaks out and isn't properly potty-trained?
Because they could offer you something that you just want more than anything else.
Four.
Four.

Four.
you yield to this impulse large just suddenly appear in my life you would
hypothesize
is the true remedy that's the way it works you give up and then you get it trying to get into
the show but on the other hand the uh i can't spare any more you have to resist quit resisting
or resist quitting resistance is to the right down the hall resisting quitting we're still active
here and taking your calls and your pledges uh no the conspiracy is interested in making you
fearful at the same time it all the time it wants you to let bob control your desiring and it wants
you to be fearing
and at the same time i don't have the things i'm supposed to have it wants you to feel powerless
also and to make statements like oh i have attention deficit disorder or oh i have chicks
comic books disorder well it could be that or it could be oh marijuana makes me have the munchies
marijuana makes me feel paranoid you know all of these things are an abandonment of uh
the potential
of control or luck plane surfing one may easily
deal with what seems to be an insoluble problem if one simply recognizes that
for example marijuana is a plant and the chemicals in it are just that chemicals they do not possess
volition nothing forces you to do anything that a simple adjustment of the will cannot completely
countermand look at the impact the juure calculation of which kind of rules uh the st wszness and the
Bleeding the Hindu yogis that can isolate one half of their costal shield while they're sitting down if they can train themselves to do that
You can keep yourself from marching to the refrigerator and thawing a frozen pizza in the microwave
Oh, we can see much from our bank of monitors here at science headquarters
Well, that was just an example
Try it now. Yes, you and only you are the key to the amazing well or fountain of power
Which lurks inside your central dynamo to be activated at a special secret?
Normally only
Show has to stop in 20 minutes. It's just your subgenius contact. Well, get it
enters a different plane
This is all about itself. I'm not a free damn. I'm talking about me
Hello, hey Bob, we're all going to the creek tonight, it's gonna be a gas you're coming right I can't guys
Have a
Coffee how about a second cup darling you the entire affair is your fault my fault
how much I understoodir
So much for the
different. Okay, Dad.
I don't know. When I was a boy,
my father never permitted this breakfast table.
Breakfast was a quiet,
peace meal. Eat your breakfast, dear.
I noticed Orpheus
Stain likes my status.
Of course he does, because he's
a faithful follower for Bob.
He's a stalwart soldier.
A marcher in the...
My Facebook.
I Facebook. I tweeted.
I tweeted.
And it rolled over to Facebook.
I was contacted by someone who's on
MySpace. I hardly remember how to go there.
I don't even remember MySpace.
Yes, that's...
So when you're standing
outside MySpace, you're just kind of like this?
No, I can go into MySpace.
I can go back into MySpace from time to time.
Well, I guess I'll have to do some diving
and wiggling and weaving.
You have so much time to be cool.
Stain listens to Twitter, but he won't
listen to the show.
Oh, he listens to it.
Is he steaming?
There's one eye on the Twitter board
and one eye watching Doc
night of sinking grass.
Is he steaming the show, Ivan?
Are you steaming the show, Ivan?
Over a foaming pasture.
One of those little Chinese cooker things.
He makes no cry from that light as a breath.
Do you want white show or brown show?
Orpheus Stain and Bob's time.
That Orpheus self might heave
his head from golden snow.
We're listening to the show.
Just now, Dr. Al.
More than 58 minutes.
What's up?
What's up?
What's up?
Oh, this is a robot mobile.
Observe.
I merely press this button.
Yes.
What?
You drink?
A glass of sherry.
Yes.
Yes.
Well.
Well, yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
This vehicle is in an underground
chamber.
It's all?
Everything.
Sorry.
I didn't mean to offend.
You might try harder to get out.
Night.
Okay.
Let me see if I can rewire this thing.
Quit feeling sorry for them.
Wasting all that sorry time.
You can feel sorry for yourself
and languish in self-indulgent behavior
instead of trying to feel sorry for the world
and hiding from yourself.
Yeah.
That's true.
I should no longer be hiding from myself.
You're just hiding from your own pain and suffering
when you go out and try to help other people
through their pain and suffering.
My wound can never be healed.
He said.
Begrudgingly.
You remember in the end of...
Don't forget back in 1994,
the Church of the Subgenius predicted
there would be drug abuse religions
cropping up by now.
It's true.
No, please. Not that.
Oh.
Uh...
That's not good.
China and France clash in space.
I just want to lay back on the big couch of the bus.
Clash in space.
It's going to happen.
Over differing interpretations of church dogma.
That one did come true.
China will take up the banner
as predicted by Nostradamus.
Okay, we're teleporting now to Nostradamus' future.
The moon will be full on the 28th of February,
the last day of the month.
On that day,
the sun shall set,
at exactly 6 o'clock,
and shall rise a few minutes before 7 o'clock.
The greenhouse effect was reversed by Bob.
The full moon?
No, the sun.
Since 1995, there has been no...
Talking about sunrise and sun shift here.
Thanks to Bob.
The full moon, of course, will be at the zenith at the...
Really?
I haven't seen them in years.
I've been to the zenith in years.
Oh, my God.
That has to do with the way he says his five upside down and backwards
in a third-dimensional time graph.
He slips through like...
To add on to what I was saying from the last message,
what I'm trying to say is that
the imperialist powers that represent a conspiratorial union,
and there is some kind of cabal, a conspiratorial union,
that is pulling out all the stuff
of this end of the 20th century tyranny
with all these signs and informing information,
you know, informer attention,
and the transportation system and subway systems
to cater and adhere to this tyranny of the authoritarian Gestapo
that they're trying to pull over on us everywhere.
But they will not do it to me like they did to me before
because this time, if anything happens to me...


.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
out of it. Let's see what happens. And if it does happen? Why? Just ask me, that's all.
What are you going to do? This. Get out of my way. I didn't do it. Yeah? Yeah.
Yeah.
With the right people and the right preparation.
Wait a minute, this is getting complicated.
With the right team.
Oh, in fact, you're reminding me of, today I walked around Broadway with Bishop Joey,
who was dressed as Pantalone.
Oh, wow, it was the Bologna thing?
No, no, well, nobody showed up. It was basically just a few very old hands of the old church
of the Comedie dell'Arte. And we went up and down and did stuff and did things. And the
Tosca's area was...
It was completely closed because they're filming what I realized was a TV show, because
they had lots of lights and cameras, a lot of gaffers. Amazing caterer truck. I want
that caterer truck, man. Super, super cool food making, fast cleanup delivery thing.
Was it like, could you go inside of it?
Well, no, no.
Was it like a super Mexican taco wagon truck?
Yeah, it's like that. But the kitchen is there. I was looking up into it and they're feeding
a huge group of... Yeah, I saw the star guy in the...
These couple of attractive pararescue kids went by.
Paramedics?
Paramedics. And I thought, they don't have any gear on. Something's wrong here. And they
look a little too pretty. And I looked over and there's like a star guy that I recognize
from TV. So then we go up there and we come back. And when we come back down the street,
the street is full of guys with gorgeous like...
Really? Zombies?
No, I think the paramedic guys run in, deal with...
Amazing.
Medical emergency.
But it was nice to see like a street full of guys all laughing with horrible face wounds
and stuff. I think it was the paramedic guys have to respond.
They laugh in the face of adversity.
Well, that's what happens in the warehouse of the gods.
Here on the show.
Hello, this is me, Bernard. The United States government helped spread the AIDS virus along
with other countries around the world, like France especially, and even the Canadians.
The New York City Medical...
The New York City Medical Establishment helped spread the Hepatitis B virus and gave it to
gay men in Europe and in New York City and Africans, you know, and Blacks in Africa and
the New York City Blood Center and Adolf Hitler and the pharmaceutical companies. You know,
they had plans to... They had an agenda to have a stronghold over the pharmaceutical
industry.
So why not just give someone who once in Mexico knew that there was a difference in
Kenny Tate's vaccine strategy?
Well, there's got to be some.
With what type of evidence is there now?
Well, there's now those ones that give people in the US the Hampshire People's Ninety
Suit presidents'
Well.
There's got to be some in the United states now...
Evidence from the field?
When you look at things through the wrong end of the telescope.
We have met on a great battlefield.
A big tiny scope.
That's what Ivan Stang is in now.
A 10 billion scope.
You know what I like about that story you told before the show about Ivan Stang?
Is that he's taking his camera and doing the dumbest, cheapest version you can do of this.
Just as I'm doing that with still photographs.
No scanning or measuring.
You just take a picture of the picture.
You make a file.
So we're all just like grabbing the media and pushing it around really fast now.
As conveniently as possible.
We've found that we can do that.
That's great.
Chewy nougat.
Thick, rich milk chocolate.
What you said.
Reckling, tasty.
Oh my goodness.
And caramel.
This is great, man.
What I said.
I really agree with you.
It's the same candy you taste.
I can tell.
I know how to be a great man.
I used to agree with other people.
Don't forget.
I was standing over here looking over there thinking, so there's a great man.
There is a special great man.
You were thinking that while I was thinking that.
Yeah, because we great minds think alike.
That's true.
That's true.
Al wasn't thinking at all.
Al wasn't thinking at all.
He's not as great as us.
Yeah.
I'm a boy.
I'm a boy.
But he can't be.
And take a bag of canned potatoes.
If he just listens to us, he can't be as great as us.
If he just thinks like us.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
In fact, I'm just going to say that.
Al can be great as us.
Really?
He can be as great as us.

Without a lot of trouble.
I wish I could be as great as us.
Praise Puzzling Evidence Show on KPFA, berkeleykpfa.org.
And praise Lee Murr,
who did almost all the collages in this episode,
except the last two, which will be by the large.
This is Hour of Slack from the Church of the Subgenius.
All information, MP3s, videos, book lists, and so on,
are at subgenius.com.
And now to end, a jolly song from Reverend Corey McAbby
of American astronaut fame from his latest feature-length movie,
Stingray Sam, seen at stingraysam.com.
A song, the animation for which,
you'll have to see to believe.
And awarded to Edward and Frederick.
When the child was born, he was given the name Fredward.
The entire upper-class population was impregnated
with double male genetic combos,
and thus a new generation was born.
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶

¶¶
¶¶
¶¶

¶¶
¶ ¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
had a son named Bingo.
Zack and Deke had a son named Zeke.
Bill and Jeff had a son named Biff.
John and Mason had a son named Jason.
Carl and Bert had a son named Kurt.
Reed and Johnny had a son named Ronnie.
Chris and Al had a son named Cal.
Clark and Biff had a son named Cliff.
Walter and Bill had a son named Will.
Bill and Kurt had a son named Bert.
Bert and Robbie had a son named Bobby.
Bobby, Fred and Bill had a son named Phil.
Jack and Ronnie had a son named Johnny.
Rich and Eddie had a son named Randy.
Nick and Jack had a son named Mac.
Hugh and Boone had a son named Hugo.
Matt and Rick had a son named Nick.
Mel and Alvin had a son named Melvin.
Jack and Bo had a son named Joe.
Clark and Jasper had a son named Casper.
Sam and Randy had a son named Sandy.
George and Harold had a son named Andy.
John and Mason had a son named Gerald.
Biff and Chuck had a son named Buck.
Nate and Brick had a son named Nick.
Nick and Ted had a son named Ed.
Clark and Ray had a son named Clay.
Moe and Larry had a son named Barry.
Ray and Paco had a son named Rocco.
Ben and Lee had a son named Bentley.
Rocco and Dusty had a son named Rusty.
Rusty and Al had a son named Ralph.
Tom and Ed had a son named Ted.
Ron and Ted had a son named Jed.
Ron and Cory had a son named Rory.
Rory and Tex had a son named Rex.
Bert and Morris had a son named Boris Ed.
This baby is that he's gone and
This baby is that he's gone and
This baby is that he's gone and
This baby is that he's gone
And so the plot begins to thicken, but not by much.
A girl is in need of rescue,
and the genetically designed figurehead of a very wealthy planet is somehow involved.
But how?
Who?
What?
When?
Where?
And why?
Find out the answers to these questions and more on our next episode of Stingray Sam!
Are we still gonna get anything done?
Get a box of salt and a cup of交 me a little of my name to go?
Let me guess if you want a brand-new
Let me do the digging again.




Giving me some sound gagner or needed to do,
டShawne Very good, Brian!
B willing to make screw you to do that.
B willing to make screw you to do that. B willing to make screw me to do that. B believing that we've got to do this. B willing to make screw me to do that. B willing to make screw you to do that. B willing to make screw you to do that.
And a sleetish sleep.
That's what we were speaking about earlier.
Slithering slush.
We just follow the show.
So in three minutes, the show just suffocates itself.
All right.
Grotesque bicycles bearded the burdened trees.
Snapping power lines.
Thank you for that nice round of applause.
Plus it could be...
Max Broken Journey is created by...
Everything we say on the show becomes true.
So what Hal's going over the list here, I'm sorry.
What's about to happen to you.
Drunken Santa Claus is staggering from the service entrance of department stores.
Just listen to this list that Hal's visiting on the entire northern and central California.
Anybody on KBFA.org.
I'm as sorry as the sorriest guy on the show.
That's all right, Philo.
You don't need to apologize because everyone knows that it's all for the best.
Whatever is, is right.
I wish we had that spring sand back in the area.
That's right.
Boing.
You mean Bob Nelson's Boinger?
Boinger.
No, that's three.
Three every time.
That was so long ago.
I'm going to get one of those.
No one remembers that.
Isn't there a spring?
It's in the island.
The island of Sweden.
I could probably just search.
I could get a ringtone.
I'm going to get a ringtone that sounds like a spring.
Sproing.
Sproing.
Sproing.
The years of the spring.
The days of the morn.
Gnome.
Gnome.
Like morning to seven.
You're going to gnome?
Noture.
The hillside.
Oh, Noture.
Noture Sona.
The snails on the water.
Noture Sane.
God's in his heaven.
All's right with the world.
Praise God.
Praise God.
Eww.
I've mutilated the monkey.
All right.
Counting down now.
All right.
So come back next week for more.
Come back and see us now, you hear?
Oh, what is the next five hour show that we're going to do?
Five hours.
I don't know.
Next week would be the normal show right after.
Oh, the iTunes.
Yeah.
Crack Odon.
Step by step.
Hitch by hitch.
And then suddenly we're just like gone.
Oh, my God.
Bob.
