Thanks, Bob.
You did kill him, my son, didn't you?
Yes, I killed him.
Yes, I killed him.
And I'll even show you how.
No!
No!
The Self-Genius Power of Swag.
Thanks, Bob.
Bob.
But we have gone beyond that now in the post-Christian age.
Developing new evolutionary forms of religious expression.
For nothing stands still.
It's interesting, however, that in the 17th century,
Milton mentions time control.
The possibility of reversion through time and other things.
And my most recent researches seem to have shown that Dante,
in the end of the 13th or the beginning of the 14th century,
smoked marijuana in producing his Divine Comedy.
Which was called...
The Hour of Slack, number 1109.
You have the number.
That's not in my memory bank.
Black is the color and none is the number.
And 1998 is yet ere nigh.
It spreads its black wings still to enfold us all.
For...
For...
For the time being, we who awaited the saucers
were once again not taken up but let down.
And yet is it not a lesson from Bob
that the end could come when ye least expect it.
Ye never know when the master cometh.
So always have a tissue handy.
Boy, that's an old one.
An aphorism.
And the old ones are watching at all times.
Yes.
Waiting for the clue that will tell them
when Bob will arise and the Exists return.
The Earthshaker, Cthulhu,
hidden in his subterranean adytum,
and much closer at hand in the woods,
the endless fertile being Shub-Niggurath,
the goat with a thousand young,
and many more old friends,
which we call upon to help us in this,
our hour of need,
when the Exists seem to have snubbed us.
However, let us not be so sure,
as to think we can interpret these celestial doings on the spot.
Prophecies never happen where you feel that they are exactly the way they were supposed to be.
And yet prophecy heeded is prophecy fulfilled, my friends.
If the conspiracy reads in Dateline for Dominance
that there's going to be five million subgeniuses by 1986,
they'll take steps to make sure there's only five subgeniuses.
That's if not counting the cryptos,
the hidden subgeniuses,
or the latent subgeniuses,
only waiting for the activity words of Dobbs to swing into action.
Sleeper agents who've never seen a Dobbs head,
but at that moment,
when the Dobbs head looms before them,
suddenly they remember everything that was implanted in them,
in the womb.
It's the dots that do it, friends.
All the Dobbs heads without dots are artistic tropes.



You've got to have those dots to activate the hidden subgenius sleeper cells.
And then what a march there will be on all the centers of the world
when blank-eyed shuffling subgeniuses overwhelm all forms of government and instrumentality.
We call it the Million Zombie March,
or shuffle as the case may be.
Now some people say zombies are over and pirates are over,
but, you know,
I will believe that when I see no more zombie and pirate paraphernalia and merchandise.
I'd rather choose to believe that the era of the zombie pirate is just beginning,
and totally eponymous to our era.
Which means that the zombie pirate porn will be just around the corner after that.
Yes.
Then the zombie pirate plumper porn,
which is what I'm waiting for.
Ah, well, I hope it comes soon for you, Reverend Steele.
Dang, I know how it might ease your cares.
At my age, nothing comes soon.
Well, you know, there are advantages to that.
But eventually, you know.
That's right. All things come to he who waits.
However, this is not the strategy of our kind.
Our kind being, let me be absolutely clear about this,
the reptile kind.
The reptilian stem, going back to the estemnosuchians,
our close relative the pelicosauri,

splashing around in the swamps of the Permian age,
long before the Mesozoic reigned.
For these beings were the inheritors of the horrible age of giant insects
that they never tell you about in school.
And there are two strategies.
The insectile strategy of waiting for one's food to come,
and the vertebrate strategy, or reptile strategy,
which is to wander and seek.
And we are the inheritors of that.
The reptile tradition, still wandering and seeking today,
to find we know not what,
but to fill the missing jigsaw puzzle in our programming.
And when that clicks in, we will truly know ultimate bliss
that now we can hardly even conceive.
We need only to see the C in slack.
We've got all the slack except for the C that precedes the K.
And that important curvature is held up by...
many unfortunate problems afflicting the world today.
Many suspect the crescent on general principles,
but we must enfold it into our subgenius amalgam,
or risk not succeeding in our great mission and task.
We can't remain divided into Sumis and Shiites.
Certainly not.
And it's not going to be handed to us on a plate,
like Shiite on a shingle.
Ah, yes, dear friends, but that time will come
if we but maintain our faith in Bob.
Yes, keep up the F.I.B.
And keep donating, donating, yes,
because that is the power, your love.
It's not that Bob needs the money,
it's that he needs your...
he needs to know that you trust him.
And how else can he know that,
unless you give up that which means more to you
than life itself, or your children?
So let your fleek frag fry.
And let Dobbs fly high.
We run into people who get the subgenius thing mixed up.
They think that the money grubbing is the joke,
and that the humans versus the subgeniuses
is the serious part.
No, we're much more serious about the money.
Yes, we don't...
And we, only Dobbs can know who is a true subgenius
and who is a pink boy.
That's true, we could all be unpleasantly surprised by that.
But that's where the F.I.B. comes in.
One must have the faith in Bob.
A faith that can move a mountain
a few centimeters to the right to improve the view.
Friends, the judgmental will be at the judgment.
So judge ye not, unless ye hath paid.
Or slipped the judge a fiver or something equivalent.
Yes. You know what to tell the judge, friends.
We're talking about flesh and blood.
We're talking about human imperfection.
This isn't metaphorical!
There's a judge beyond that,
and he can't be bribed and can only be influenced
by maybe your sob story as a subgenius.
That's called prayer, friends.
Actually, you know, most subgeniuses don't pray
because we realize that Bob may not be the only one tuning in.
And when Negi hears your prayer,
then he knows just what to deny you.
Or he knows what you fear.
And so pretty soon on eBay or Amazon.com
comes a package which appears to satisfy the judge.
And it's not just a package that satisfies your lustful cravings,
but actually whisks them away from your clutching rookers,
just as you think you would be satisfied.
An endlessly receiving and receding mirror gallery of pleasures
that withdraw as fast as you advance.
False slack created by the conspiracy
to divert you from the true slack
which might be much closer at hand.
But many give this concept lip service.
Few choose to investigate,
to see how real it might be.
But oh my friends, it is real.
As real as the nose on your face.
As real as anything in this sub-lunar world of ours.
Yes, on the other hand,
seeking your slack while on the job can get you in trouble.
Well, the job is nowhere to find slack.
Depending on what your slack is.
Some people like their job, and that is their slack.
Well, depending on what your job is,
yes, that also is an important aspect.
But to slave in the coils of the conspiracy's bowels is unfortunately...
If only I could quit this Bob Dobbs job
and go to work for someplace like Walmart.
I'm afraid that, as you know,
the so-called hierarchy,
or perhaps we should say, lorarchy,
must give away slack to bring it to others.
The element of sacrifice...
That's right. We pee test, friends.
And if you don't have enough indications of slack abuse in your blood,
then we let you go.
It's hell, baby.
You gotta keep...
I have to pass that pee test
by filling my body with what the conspiracy would call terrible vaccines.
And yet, that's part of the job.
Somebody has to do it, I guess.
Dr. Howell, like myself,
has managed to achieve some success.
In the seeking of slack as an art bum, yes.
Some think that's a bad thing.
Well, in fact, it's difficult to evolve
to the position of being an art bum.
Not actually having a so-called job.
And it takes a lot out of you.
There's all that backing and filling,
ducking and weaving,
especially around tax time.
But worthwhile in the ultimate end of things.
There's almost as much lying involved
as being a preacher.
You have to figure it out.
It's either that you never work
and are always on vacation,
or that you are always at work
and never on vacation.
Praise Bob. That's the emergentile way.
Yes.
Never sleeping is the vacation.
It is possible. It can be done.
It is not some pie-in-the-sky scheme.
But really...
It's no pipe dream, friends.
No.
But Dobbs knew this,
and knew that such a message
could be smoked in his pipe
like a fine...
And when you smoke of him,
then he is inside you, my friend.
Whatever that mixture might be.
A rum-soaked shag, some say.
Or a shredded-up Dobbs head,
cut into little pieces
and crammed into a pipe.
Old, tattered, sun-brittled copies
of Queejeebo tamped down into the bowl.
Set sail on your hallucinations
by smoking Chris Lee's zine, Queejeebo,
available at the Queejeebo Cartel Camp.
Yeah, I've got to get down there and get mine.
I haven't seen the latest-ish,
but that's going to be one of the trophies
that I bear away from this festival.
Yes, friends, there's a new subgenius product
out every five minutes,
and you never know how long it will take.
How long they'll stay in the shop
or in the catalog.
You must snatch them up,
just as you expect Bob to snatch you up
into those escaped saucers.
Ah, on that...
that promised day.
You must pile these up as your earthly treasures
and not think that they will be carried along with you
to subgenius heaven.
These are just things.
They are, but they are your special subgeniusly things
that can go into your large piles
of paper that seem to overwhelm you,
towers of books which may fall
or plastic dinosaurs which may fall
and injure you,
but it's worthwhile to assemble these pharaonic things
as though you were living in your tomb
where you want to be buried with all your cool stuff.
Because like the snapping of a thaw of ice
or the snapping of a harp string,
you will be jerked out of this plenum
as Apollo jerked the unfortunate star,
the unfortunate satyr, Marcius,
and skinless and skinned,
fresh and new-boned,
be ready for the Exists
who need not so much of your crap
as you might think.
You can take it with you,
but you won't care about it once you get there.
All worthless detritus,
useless ballast in the gyroscopic stability
of the bottom of the saucer.
But it's great for juvenile fantasy,
about what you're going to do on Ex Day.
And it reminds you of your...
I have dibs on the Rijksmuseum, by the way, in Amsterdam.
As you look about and see this stuff,
it does bring into mind
what your praxis might be.
And so, not as anything in value of itself,
but as for what it can stimulate in the old bean,
it has considerable value.
While everything else,
the pathetic plastic products of the conspiracy,
as always, only obscure these important sight rays.
Like when you take LSD,
if I might inject a personal note,
how everything looks unpleasant
except stuff like wood and stone and so forth.
Because you tend to bring out
your long withheld and suppressed suspicion
of different molecular chains
which were never intended to support
a human like yourself.
Actually, Dr. Howell,
that's an interesting observation
because I one time went to the Dallas Museum of Fine Art,
as the kids say, tripping my ass off.
And I wasn't impressed until I got back out to my car.
I sat in the parking lot and looked at rust stains
on the sides of old cars and on fences
and the gravel on the parking lot.
The uninitiated...
It was so much better than any of that fancy schmancy,
what they call artwork.
Yes, sir.
Right.
And the unrevealed see Jesus' face
in these rust stains and pizza pie crusts.
I'm not saying I didn't suffer
serious brain damage that afternoon.
You do suffer brain damage.
I wouldn't recommend that to anybody.
No, we don't recommend it.
You do suffer serious brain damage.
And at the same time, it is the only way to proceed.
So, you know, it's a trade-off.

Yeah, you know, you get nothing for nothing.
It's a bargain, really, in the way things are.
Speaking of a bargain,
you've got plenty of brain cells.
You're Sister Susie the Floozy.
There she is, looking lovely, light and summery.
Actually, she looks like she was up at 7 o'clock this morning
waiting for saucers.
She has that bitter look of the shattered dreams.
So, I looked up.

I and so looked you.
But we were not necessarily disappointed,
only further trained by the Exists.
Trained not to be an exuberant puppy
leaping up, slobbering and salivating
at the prospect of an immediate gratification.
No, we have to grow.
We have to grow in Bob like an expanding tumor
until we can finally achieve the true fullness
of the experience.
Nightmare future.
This is usually the part when people start screaming.
Who could see the future?
Face of evil.
This isn't just random, okay?
This is destiny.
It's not some fantasy, okay?
I explode.
It was natural selection.
You just don't get it.
Maybe I'm not the bomb.
I have to find a nuclear man.
Now I got you.
Put him up or I'll blow you to bits.
You need to behave.
My destiny is not to shoot you.
The universe cannot be that lame.
You're not run away from who you are
or someone's gonna blow.
Me?
I'm not normal.
I tried to pretend that I was
and I just hurt everyone.
My mom, my dad.
I'm not normal either
and neither is the subgenius church event.
I hope I'll be those kind of folks.
Maybe there won't be any otra
woman ever.
And half.
you don't get to see a真的
sheer psychiathe.
I'm an今天
end of the world at 7 a.m.
This would be the place to flip.
I'm not sure it has been 7 a.m. yet.
It's difficult.
Until someone switches off the holodeck, none of us are going to know what's going on around
here.
We don't know what year this is.
We don't even know what planet this is.
Yes, I know.
That slight dizziness you feel may be the rocking, the listing of the great saucer from
side to side as it shifts through cosmic sleet storms and other indignities.
I thought that was just a hangover.
Well, you know, it's through all the baffles and so on that they use to negate the effects
of physics.
A little bit of it slips through, like in Star Trek, and they all fall out of their
chairs, even though they're solving other complicated problems in starting the spaceship,
which is really hard.
And even harder, stopping the spaceship.
Anyway, fortunately, that's not my lookout.
I don't have to worry about complex problems in astrogation.
All I have to do is have faith that they will give me a halfway decent stateroom and that
it will have the proper facilities for my comfort.
Well, by stateroom, we're talking about an entire world of your own making.
Yes, just large enough for me and the Volcanic.

Fulfillment of some of my less well-adjusted fantasies.
But really, friends, why do you have to wait for the saucers for that?
Did Bob not exhort us to relax in the safety of our own delusions?
That, I think, is what we're supposed to be doing out here.
Build your own shit?
I mean, ship?
Ship.
Didn't Dr. Leary take too much and say reality is what you make of it or something stupid
like that?
Because what a lie that is.
It works until you stub your toe.
And then all of a sudden, all that fancy disattachment and it's all gone.
Well, you've got to have faith.
You stub your toe and it hurts.
It's interesting.
I had a chance to talk to Tim Leary the year before he died.
And he became interested in talking to me when he learned I was a subgenius.
Yes.
How about that?
Dr. Leary has sat right where you are sitting now here at Starwood.
And bullshitted his fool ass off.
And in a greater sense, he still sits among us, spreading confusion among us all.
That's right.
He was a really funny guy.
Whenever I met, I opened for him several times.
Sort of elfin character of light humor.
He would always, every time, he'd go, I'm supposed to be quitting smoking.
Can I bum a cigarette?
And I'd go, do you really want three or four?
Oh, yeah.
Thanks.
That'd be great.
There you go.
I think he mooched cigarettes through the last 25 years of his life during which he was trying to quit smoking.
As if to demonstrate that the spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak.
Was it him or Abby Hoffman that got busted on an airline disabling the smoke detector in the bathroom?
Like a kid in junior high.
That was Abby Hoffman, but at least he never went on the...
No, Leary got busted at the Austin airport for smoking.
A cigarette in the airport.
Well, Abby Hoffman did too.
They both did.
But one was in an airplane and one was in the airport.
Well, what I used to do is you take the train, see?
Especially when you go through all this horrible hassle at the airport where they search you.
I'm always thinking of those old ads in the 1940s that said, next time, take the train.
And I do take it whenever possible.
It's not practical.
It's not practical to take it out here, although we might think of that for the future.
And what you do is you go into the end of the car where they have a little bathroom and you stand on the toilet.
And at the top of the compartment, there's a little fan that whisks the smoke, I mean the odor, outside the car.
And you just smoke your prop stick in there and then bounce back to your seat and enjoy the spectacle outside for hours.
I was just talking about illegal tobacco cigarettes.
Well, one man's wacky...
That's much more illegal.



Tobacco is another prohibited carcinogen stick.
It matters not.
The point is you've got to get around these regulations.
They are a test, an obstacle course.
You're not supposed to accede to them in a bovine manner of acceptance.
But figure your plan in your vertebrate destiny of being a rover and a seeker.
As long as there's...
There's an eye in the sky peering down at all of us wondering what the hell you're all doing here at this time of the year,
waiting for aliens to come and pick you up and it never happens.
But you continue to come back and you continue...
It's like this.
It's like this.
Stop that substance abuser now, baby.
I can't you see that by talk is driving him crazy.
Because you kick them in the face, it's such a damn disgrace
The way you treat them and you beat them and knock them in the face
Stop abusing that, stop abusing now, baby
Stop abusing that, stop abusing now, baby
Stop abusing that, stop abusing now, honey
His brain's coming out of his ears
And you think that's funny
Now you kick him in the face, it's such a damn disgrace
Come on, baby, come on, this way
Stop abusing that, stop abusing now, baby
Stop abusing that, stop abusing now, baby
Stop abusing that, stop abusing now, baby
Come on, girl, you get your job
Stop
Ain't no one in the house
You got us all in the house
Just want us to get a move on
And you're not going anywhere



Baby, we'll make it through
Hoping you'll be with us
Abusing that substance abuser now, mama
Oh, can't you see that you're giving that boy head trauma
Cause you kicked him in the knee and then you made him bleed
And then you sucked up in the eye and then you made him cry
Oh, can't you see that you're giving that boy head trauma
Abusing that substance abuser now, mama
Okay, the cadence was all wrong. We've got to do it again. Wait a minute.
This whole business of prescription and non-prescription drugs is nothing but a racket.
Why can't we just buy the drugs we want
without having to get some chicken poop prescription filled out by a doctor
who's probably working on a drug that's not good for you?
He's got no car bombs in his spare time anyway.
Oh, my God!
All right, friends.
At least it's not entirely bright here, so you can see the video projections.
So instructive. Each one worth a thousand words.
Well, I'm looking in the opposite direction.
Once again, I have to give up slack to provide it to others.
Well, you know, it takes some fine adjustment to get this on track.
A1 at Lloyd's, ship shape and squared away, capital, imperial, whatever.
But we will manage to do it.
That is our task, the task that is set before us.
It's not like we're going to do anything with that video anyway.
Well, that video might do something with us.
You never know. Oh, friends, actually, speaking of...
We...
We should, in fact, always have the cameras running,
because last year I shot 15 rolls of tape, went through there 15 hours.
And a couple of weeks ago, before we came out here,
I decided to look at the footage and swiftly edit a 9 Next Day DVD,
which I sort of did, but in the...
Always leave everything to the last minute.
And then that desperate urgency will produce creative miracles.
Well, I was looking at the footage,
and I saw the footage of 7 a.m. last year,
and it was more like 7.20.
And we were...
Some funny cloud appeared in the sky,
and we were going, maybe that's a thing.
It looks like a cow.
It looked like a cow's anus, to be more precise.
Well, that's what we eventually decided on.
And I swung the camera around and filmed Suzy.
We'll show you this when it's darker and you can see it clearly.
Yeah, you need to look closely, like all pictures of this kind.
There was a UFO out here.
As you look at the video,
and no one is looking in that direction,
except I guess I was with my camera,
and I vaguely remember kind of seeing this light.
You can see it pass by behind Reverend Suzy the floozy's head
while she's talking and emoting.
Yeah, it's amazing.
And the funny thing is,
she's whining about how no saucers showed up.
And there in the back, zip, it crosses.
Yeah, it goes right by.
And then the camera pans over and it's gone.
It's like it's just vanished completely.
But then when it comes back, Suzy's vanished too.
It's like a meteor.
If you're not looking at the quadrant of the sky where it zips across,
you will miss it.
If people say, oh, the meteor, and then you look up, you've missed it.
You have to be looking.
Yeah, it's really, it's...
Yeah.
So you never know.
That's why we always keep the cameras running.
Of course, we never find anything interesting on what they record until you do.
Years and years later, that's the problem, I guess.
Just as many of the most interesting prehistoric fossil discoveries
are made from stuff that's already been collected years ago
and is in drawers at museums
where they haven't had time to get around to looking at it.
But there's always something to be found by rifling through your drawers
if you simply take the right time to do it
and are in the right state of mind.
But you have to be wearing drawers.
Well, or somebody does.
There's no point in rifling through empty drawers.
That's not what I or Bob recommends.
It's astonishing how Bob, without any real storehouse of knowledge,
is always so spot on.
But there's an interesting parallel.
I was speaking of Jesus a little while ago.
Apparently, he led a rather dull life as a carpenter
until about age 33 when he was immaculated
by John the Baptist, as you all know,
if you like your Bible story.
But Dobbs, in a more contemporary version,
messing around with the back of an experimental television set
of his own design, also at age 33,
was made to hear the important pronunciamentos
of Jehovah One, a senile space god
who had seen better days.
And this, of course, we call the Prescriptive.
Cheers.
On the way to X-Day
I had my say

I had my slack
Taken away
On the way
To X-Day
The conspiracy stole
What was most precious to me
But I will survive
I can take it this long
I will survive
But they will hear my song
I will survive
I've lived on this planet this long
I will survive
But I'll get what's mine
I'll survive
By hook or crook
By treason or truth
If I have to lie, cheat, kill and steal
I will regain
Live up to my name
I will take back
My mother-fucking-slack
I'll appreciate what's mine
Live on the streets
I have grown up
In a city not far from Hola
Same old country
Stay on my words
I've lost my ownom
Dorothy
Dorothy
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
But I'll get it back.
You can count on that.
I have my ways.
The conspiracy will pay.
So join me, brothers and sisters,
great soldiers of the subgenius army.
We have a target to take out.
And we...
We need you!
Your task, soldiers,
are to infiltrate the...
All right.
Get them across at their bella
and break over the highway.
Get all these women and shivers.
We'll give those little monkeys
a dose of their own surprise.
Here they come.
Get those shivers.
Let them have it.
That's it.
Look at them little monkeys go down.
Ha ha!
So, folks,
we may think that we've got off
easy and we're coasting through this apocalypse.
So there's a secret feeling of relief.
I know it well,
that we don't have to leave off our hand
on the reins of all our earthly steeds
and go off in some discorporate form,
like wrapped tubes of bologna
in a steel cylinder aboard a saucer.
You know, that will be fine when it happens.
Maybe we think that we're...
that we got off easy.
But as Reverend Stang,
so importantly said,
ye never will know when it happens.
It will come on us like a thief in the night,
swiftly and inexorably.
All that the July 5th meeting hour is,
is the starting point.
And like a hawk or falcon,
the exes could swoop down
and bear us off to their mansion in the sky,
where there are hot
and cold running impossibilities.
Now, if you've ever looked at the edge of medieval maps,
and I know I always do,
you may notice that there are some strange creatures
doodled into the margins by the antique cartographers.
It seems that at one time,
the oceans of this planet, our terraqueous globe,
swarmed with sea serpents of all kinds,
and such kinds, for example, there was a spouting,
serpentine form, which they call a physiter,
similar to, but not a whale, very like a whale.
Far less like a whale was the scolopendra,
or sea scorpion,
which had many fins or legs along its length.
But one of the most awesome of these prehistoric sea beasts
was Phastotoclon, the giant turtle.
And Professor Udemunds, in his invaluable book on sea serpents,
has regretted that.

He has regretfully said that he must decline
to accept the validity of the giant turtle.
It's just too preposterous.
Yes, well, he's, science has to be conservative.
And we know that as far as the great cosmic scheme,
it's turtles all the way down.
Even Stephen Hawking now says it's turtles all the way down.
Did you notice that?
But the great turtle, Phastotoclon,
to the medievals represented the devil,
who takes you in by his wiles and then drowns you.
Because this huge floating turtle, reported by all authorities,
anyone who's ever been on the sea,
is seen in all the waters of the world.
And it appears to be an island.
So people get off and they walk on it,
but then pretty soon he flips over and that's that.
And so let me say this.
Look.
There is Phastotoclon.
An island safe to land upon,
although tis rather bare.
Come, leave the sea and let us run,
or dance, or lie down in the sun.
See, gulls are sitting there.
Beware.
Gulls do not sink.
There they may sit or strut and prink.
Their part it is to tip the wink,
if anyone should dare upon that isle,
to settle,
or only for a while to get relief from sickness or the wet,
or maybe boil a kettle.
Ah, foolish folk who land on him,
and little fires proceed to trim,
and hope perhaps for tea.
It may be that his shell is thick.
He seems asleep, but he is quick,
and floats now in the sea with guile.
And when he hears their tapping feet,
or faintly feels the sudden heat,
with smile he dives,
and swiftly turning upside down,
he tips them off, and deep they drown,
and lose their silly lives to their surprise.
Be wise.
There are many monsters in the sea,
but none so perilous as he,
old horny fasty-tokalon,
whose mighty kindred all have gone,
the last of the great turtle-fish.
So, if to save your life you wish,
heed this advice.
Pay heed to sailors' ancient lore.
Set foot upon no uncharted shore,
or better still,
your days at peace in mirth
on the green earth fulfill.
That's such a pretty poem.
It reminds me of the pretty poems
in this fine book here,
Dinosaur Alphabet.
Oh yes, that's my book of dinosaur poems,
which I also illustrated.
You brought a copy.
Well, that's nice.
It's all red on the inside.
I hope it's red.
It is read by many.
Oh, there.
That's the centerfold.
Oh, yes, baby.
Come on, boys.
I know you like this.
The other pages have the poems,
and that one just opens out to a big picture
of a seismosaurus.
A kind, men-like...
A seismosaurus, as in seismic, earthquake,
you know, causes an earthquake as it goes by.
There's a torosaurus.
The coloring jobs are great.
I wish they'd come out with a coloring book version.
Well, they could because...
So that kids like me could color in your...
your volcanodon here.
Well, volcanodon, that's one of the few...
That's one of the first pieces of art
that I sold from that book.
I've got them all up in an art show
in San Francisco,
in Chicken John's warehouse.
And it'll be up for a while longer.
I had one in New York.
I sold one piece there.
All that fuss, and then...
But, you know, there you go.
There you go.
Still available.
What you gonna do?
I don't know.
What you gonna do?
You just gotta keep on keeping on.
Yeah, I gotta just keep that pipe lit.
And furthermore, friends,
that pipe is not easy to keep lit.
There are winds that blow from all corners of the cosmos
trying to extinguish that sad, valiant flame.
And the way to keep that pipe lit
is to suck it in,
to suck in all the breath of Bob.
And then maybe you can keep that spark glowing
for a little while longer,
possibly just long enough.
You need good lungs, good lung power,
and not to be too greedy of the smoke,
but to sip it like a fine wine
until you're saturated with the Dobbsian effulgence.
You can get that just from staring at one good picture of Bob.
With the dots.
Right.
All the others are sort of hieroglyphs,
not really the Dobbs head as we know it.
Too bad Philo isn't here at the moment
because he was instrumental
at plucking the Dobbs head out of the image maelstrom.
Well, we had hundreds of pictures of Bob
because of his modeling career,
but I was there that fine spring day
when we were looking through the yellow pages
of his clip art book.
He said,
there's got to be tons of pictures of Bob in here.
Like here, look in the people section.
There it was.
The grandfather of every Dobbs head you've ever seen,
which we have hidden in our vaults.
Now little does the conspiracy know
until this moment,
there is a virgin Dobbs head in Philo's possession
that has never been duplicated.
It's another copy of that same book of clip art,
but it is a Dobbs head that has been unsullied
by the light of a Xerox machine or a scanner.
Just as the documents of the founding of the United States
are protected from nuclear attack,
this sacred Dobbs head is kept well out of the ruck of things,
so even the most stringent attack on subgenius
would still preserve it for future generations.
We've been a 30,000 billion pigs!
Before we end this briefing, my soldiers,
I do have to warn you about the dangers of this mission.
The conspiracy will stop at nothing to bring you down.
These conspiracy terrorists are out to undermine
everything that is important to you.
They will lie, they will cheat, they will steal your slack.
But you're a strong group of soldiers,
and I know you can handle it, men.
Bob is counting on you, Connie's counting on you,
and the home of slackless children, they're counting on you too.
And perhaps we should talk about the curiosities of insect life
of the Borneo forest, eh?
Well, are you saying hot stuff?
I don't know, it could be, another time.
We discovered that, now, most of you were actually here
at 7 o'clock this morning, weren't you?
That's right, the fine, faithful, well, we gave them time to rest and recuperate.
We gave them rubbers too, we gave them free Dobbs head or Connie head condoms.
You missed out, Reverend Skull.
Because you slept in.
Now, what would have happened if...
Sleep in, miss out.
The rupture.
I think you'd be...
What were you dreaming of when the exes lifted you up
and gave you a planet based on your dream?
What if you were just dreaming of driving around lost in the Delaware farmland?
Scrapple.
Some subgeniuses are obsessive, and Reverend Skull, and also Dr. Mr. Sister,
have this scrapple obsession.
That's okay, that's your frop.
I think you'd be vacuumed up.
You'd give me the real frop and you can have the scrapple.
You'd end up in the saucer somewhere, but all in a tumbled, tangled condition.
Not prepared the way you ought to have been.
Now, who all is here?
We see, I see a smattering of the faithful.
And more arrive all the time because this is a lengthy session that we're having.
Actually, this is a short ex-day drill.
That means we're going to have to slack off the hell out of it, or however you put that.
Perhaps you should remind...
We had a whole week last time.
What are some of the delights coming up later today?
Well, let's see.
So far, the schedule has been vigorously adhered to.
For instance, on the schedule for yesterday, it said secret unannounced July 4th activities.
There you go.
Prophecy fulfilled.
And lo, so it was.
After sunset, Dr. Dark's drive-in.
And then it said Dr. Jam's sermonizing and last rites for Earth.
I presume somebody did that.
I went to bed.
Now, tonight, the drive-in will feature films with a mutant theme, I understand.
Oh, that's right.
Oh, and by the way, if there's inclement weather, the drive-in gets moved to the studio up at the top of the hill.
But don't try to park your car inside the studio.
Park it outside.
Walk in to the studio and sit in a chair.
Otherwise, it can be out in the field with the clouds of mosquitoes and buzzing, stinging night flies.
You can have a great time.
Now, weren't you told that X Day would fail due to the terrible cataclysm of songbirds?
Yeah, I was actually told that because there were fewer songbirds that mosquitoes would descend on everyone at X Day and suck them dry.
But so far, this hasn't happened.
I think we can...
You know, there's always a little bit more grace than we think until there isn't.
And plus, that was the president of the pessimist club that told you that.
That's true.
It was the master diplomat of the Church of the Subgenius.
Wow.
Well, Erica, you doubt who colonized when you were the Pope.
His brother did too, approximately, he has, if anything.

So, go screw him.
Why's he what?

Actually, if you let that cataclysm right past him, you would come in cute, pretty, and spraying your 이거는 right there.
Where no one is their equal
Their minds are small like balloons popped with needles
They just drive around
Searching for their dream burritos
Mr. Pibb
Charlie Tuna
Mrs. Butterworth
Chef Boy R.D.
Mr. Goodbar
Twinkie the Kid
Dr. Pepper
Len Paul Newman
This is the March of the Insignificant People
They control your mind
With the tools of evil
Abedow's big boy
Reaches past the steeple
Resist the March of the Insignificant People
March of the Insignificant People
By the Chuck Hestons
March of the Insignificant People
And before that, friends, everything we heard was recorded at X Day 10
with guitar work by Reverend Angry Larry
and Reverend Valor Trucks of Bonobo's Convergence
and ranting by Priestess Pisces
and if you want to know more about all of this, see subgenius.com
And now, back to Dr. Howell and the plan.
And further down along the schedule,
what is it that we see?
Well, it says 2 o'clock, Hours of Slack. That's now.
Then it says 4 o'clock, Bulldada Auction.
Oh my, do we have a great pile of wonderful objects to sell?
I have a small pile, and Motomax piles are glowing red back there.
We've got, so, yeah, I have a box here.
Rocknar's late mom was into UFOs,
and there's a priceless collection of cheesy UFO paperbacks.
Good lord, those things are worth their weight in platinum.
Really?
Well, I...
Maybe I shouldn't auction them.
You're not going to find them at Borders or Walden Books, are you?
Right, these are the books written by old subgeniuses
who didn't even know about Bob.
Although John Keel does know of Bob and is saved.
And he was the first of the...
Well, he wasn't the first.
I guess Frank Edwards popularized it.
I guess he was the first.
But John Keel wrote Operation Trojan Horse.
Robert Anton Wilson also was a communicant of Bob.
Yes, he knew Bob personally.
Wrote several essays about that.
Maybe someday we'll get the subgeniuses from the farther reaches.
I don't know if we'd ever get Nenslow at X Day, but...
No, he will not.
He refuses to come.
If elected, he will not serve.
What?
What about the brow, though?
Do you think we might get him out?
Puzzling evidence might be here, for all we know.
Hmm.
Like, is that...
Oh, no, that's Susie's ass.
And Papa Joe Mama, perhaps.
Papa Joe Mama was supposed to be here with Reverend Ima,
who, the last I heard, fell through.
The conspiracy...
Fell through the conspiracy cracks.
Yeah, that's a shame.
Ima was here last year.
Ah, well.
The one person who can truly say,
I'm a subgenius.
But rather than go on about those who are not here,
we can express some gladness about those who have managed to be among us.
Friends, we're so glad to see you here.
This teeming throng of eager subgeniuses,
clamoring as they are to get aboard the sail shack,
which is not opened yet.
I'm sure Modemac will tell us when that hour rolls around,
and this broad...
This podcast changes into the Bulldada auction.
We probably should let it turn into the Bulldada auction,
so we can make some money,
and also we're running out of dinosaurs and giant insects to talk about.
Actually, that's not true.
I know, Dr. Howell, that you could sit and talk about dinosaurs and giant insects literally forever.
Well, I wouldn't want to do it forever, but...
But you could, couldn't you?
Well, I could, yeah.
As a subgenius.
Yes.
You could.
If given an escape vessel and everything you wanted,
such as an audience of eager young learners.
Yes.
Well, everyone should study history.
And empty heads to fill up.
History is an interesting study, always.
And there's not too much education about the fact that once our planet was ruled by giant insects.
And this is something...
This is something people should know.
Not that they are likely to return again, unless the atmosphere changes to the way it was back in those days.
But it might.
Yeah.
What do people mean by back to nature?
Do they mean back to before the Europeans came?
The natives here altered the environment.
They did controlled burnings of trees.
They changed the environment a lot.
Does it mean before the Ice Age?
Does back to nature mean before it was all messed up by life forms and cooling of the molten magma surface?
It tends to mean...
Is that what you mean by back to nature?
Before the oceans formed?
It tends to mean in the Rousseauian sense back before rules and regulations were established.
Or back in a physical way to a sort of a comfortable rural rustic vacation land.
Sure.
But neither really have thought it out all the way to the end.
Thoreau was a fake anyway.
He actually had a townhouse and only went out there to the pond on the weekends.
Well, he was out there.
He was a dandy and he was a city boy most of the time.
He was out there during the time he was supposed to be out there.
One thing that isn't generally known is that he started a huge forest fire.
I didn't know that.
Yeah.
Thoreau may have loved nature, but...
But he was fallible and he started a gigantic fire, which is in his writings.
And then he sat up on the ridge and watched other people struggle to put it out.
Those foppish dandies of yore posing as hippies.
Well, he was in a way.
You know, we can try to be perfect and to perfect our natures, but there are always traps.
Traps.
