Yes, this is the last show, folks.
The last show.
Oh, thank God.
The very last show.
It's about damn time.
Can you believe it's lasted this long and they hadn't killed us yet?
Really?
That's the thing that amazes me.
I can't believe it.
You want me to do this, Bobby?
You want me to do this?
Huh?
You want me to do this?
Huh?
You want me to do this, Bobby?
I will do this!
Huh?
Bobby, you want me to do this?
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
You gotta do it, Bobby.
You got no choice, man.
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Take this worth of piece of shit down right now, Bobby.
We're running out of time.
When that chopper light goes out, you do it!
Do it, Bobby!
Do it!
Ace of Genius.
Power of Swag.
Hey, Bobby, breathe.
Bobby, come on.
Come on, man.
Take a deep breath.
Take a deep breath.
That's all right.
Stay down there.
Breathe.
Breathe.
Hang on.
You'll be all right.
Here, give me your gun.
That's it.
All right, come on.
Breathe deep.
What did I recognize?
I've seen him before somewhere sometime.
You know, Bobby, he's strutting around like a little Bantam rooster.
You're just jealous of him because he's cute.
Cute?
You are so lost in space.
You have no idea what the fuck's going on.
Jealous of Bobby?
Bobby's a fucking coward.
Bobby's not a coward.
Oh, he's not, huh?
Okay.
Let me tell you how that Robertson case really went down.
My gun's got a cool case.
Because I blasted that freak in Pacoima last month, right?
It's due time.
Bobby gets tested.
So we're out there.
We're in his alley.
We're waiting.
Robertson comes running out.
All while smacks into Bobby.
So there they are, eyeballing each other with their shit hanging out.
Robertson says, boo, Bobby drops his gun and Mandingo goes track star.
Sally, Bobby dropped his fucking gun, okay?
I don't want to hear this.
Oh, listen, listen, because this is good.
So I reach down.
I pick up Bobby's gun.
I go, hey, yo, G-Dog or GQ, whatever the fuck his name is.
He turns around and boom, split this guy's eyeballs.
Lucky shot, I admit it.
Point is, I let Bobby take the trigger man slot to save his ass some big-time embarrassment, okay?
How do you like that for cute?
Fuck.
Where is Bob?
He's gone.
But where?
Slack your spring!
God damn.
Ah, good morning, ladies.
Hey, Bob, how do you feel?
Feeling good.
Feeling good.
Good shirt from there.
Everything in Wayne's from Taker.
I like a guy that can get it.
I like a guy in pink.
Yeah?
Yeah, totally.
Okay.
Good to know.
You are really pretty.
I mean, look, we've got the same color hair.
It suits you.
It's like, it makes you so soft.
You're like, it's like feminine, but that's okay.
I think you're like total genius.
No way, man.
Let me tell you something.
You are a genius.
Don't think just because your old man's a chief, I'm going to be cutting any slack.
You're going to have to earn it.
Just don't think just because your old man's a chief, I'm going to be cutting any slack.
You're going to have to earn it.
Just don't think just because your old man's a chief.
I'm going to be cutting any slack.
You're going to have to earn it.
Just don't think just because your old man's a chief, I'm going to be cutting any slack.
You're going to have to earn it.
Just to earn it.
Just to earn it.
Just to earn it.
What's your name?
Bobo.
Okay, Bobo.
Here is 400 bucks.
81st and Park, Bobo.
81st and Park, Bobo.
81st and Park, Bobo.
81st and Park, Bobo.
Let's see what you can do.
Bobo.
Go on.
Good evening, Bill.
Bob.
Bob.
Now then, what can I get you, Bill?
It's Bob.
Right then, you go me a tenner, Bill.
No, it's Bob.
No.
Well, you don't.
Well, that's all we've got.
It's dripping.
Our
ら
Rose
frosh
Ful
spect
end
glistens in the morning sun.
Buzzards come to rest upon this fragrant summer stench,
pecking through the rotting hides and bones.
Rotting organs burst as they are pierced by stabbing beaks,
and they squirt out fluids with the flavor and viscosity of
Serapalin Pussy Juice.
Serapalin Pussy Juice.
Serapalin Pussy Juice.
Serapalin Pussy Juice.
Serapalin Pussy Juice.
Serapalin Pussy Juice.
Serapalin Pussy
Ooh oh...
Three, two, one, stop!
Dratting through the hot light,
The land of America
Driving through the amber waves of grain
Gazing at the purple mountain's majesty
Looking for a Taco Bell
Ask them for some
Serapalian Pussy Juice
Serapalian Pussy Juice
Let's connect a funnel to our skulls
And watch some cable news
Hope that Rupert Murdoch names to urinate on me
Eben, why the spigot?
Cause it's time for Fox and Friends
Pray that Rupert urinates
Serapalian Pussy Juice
Serapalian Pussy Juice
Serapalian Pussy Juice
Serapalian Pussy Juice
Let's connect a funnel to our skulls
And watch some benefit
enlarging occipital crap
Melody
aperture
r vá
Vmal fro
X
Prose

welfare
Al
След
On their way to unemployment, life so long and slow
Pudgy sad Americans morph into piggy skeletons
Pumping little piggy fists of misdirected anger
As the banks foreclose their piggy pens
Feasting on their Christmas bonus
Happy swollen buzzard bellies
Raise your stupid fucking flag way up into the sky
Choke back tears and cling to all the bullshit you've been fed
Raise your stupid fucking flag way up into the sky
Pass the blame to Mexicans while corporations thrust their cocks
Deep inside your piggy buttocks
Moist and puffy piggy buttocks
Trickling out sweet rivulets of
Cinerona, red-beaked rivers rushing through a tuna sluice
Bone rivers wake the kids for therapy and choosy juice
Gliding through a rugged tundra going for a luskin mousse
Waste the steaming profit
Sarah Palin pussy juice
Sarah Palin pussy juice
Sarah Palin pussy juice
Sarah Palin pussy juice
Sarah Palin pussy juice
Sarah Palin pussy juice
Sarah Palin pussy juice
Sarah Palin pussy juice
That was my favorite song from the new CD from the Rudy Schwartz Project,
The Year They Switched to Cornmeal,
from the great Reverend Joe Newman, who moved to Canada for obvious reasons.
Our opening was by Reverend Slander Bob, followed by the collage by The Large.
This is our Slack number 1327.5, one of our internet-only X-rated specials,
and there's more of those coming up.
Only home subscribers get the full CD of this one.
Almost all the rest of which was recorded at X-Day Drill number 14,
including the upcoming Dr. Legumes story time.
Speaking of...
Those who do not buy...
No.
...to give, we always have Reverend Legumes to beat it out of them.
Legumes...
Hi, everybody.
...is here.
Hi, doctors.
Howdy-ho.
Hail Legumes.
The preacher from the Black Legumes.
I was going to actually use this on stage later,
but I wanted Stang to have a good recording of it,
and it seemed like a really good afternoon for a Dr. Legumes story time.
All right.
Oh, b-b-b-boy.
Terrence.
This is a story.
Yeah, get closer to the mic.
Okay.
It's Dr. Legumes story time, and today's story is...
It's about choices and the choices that you make.
Once upon a time, many years ago, last Wednesday,
there was a town known as Pinkstown.
Pinkstown was a very nice town with a lake and a park
and the cleanest streets you've ever seen.
Every lawn was perfectly trimmed.
Every garden filled.
Every garden filled with lovely flowers,
and every person was happy and satisfied.
There was no crime or pollution in Pinkstown,
and every Sunday, the houses were empty and the churches were full.
At night, families would walk in the park
or engage in the many wholesome family activities
available to the Pinktown's people.
At night...
Oh, wait.
At every night, the only eatery in town,
McDonald's Hamburger Heaven,
was filled to capacity with hungry Pinks.
Old Man McDonald worked every day and night,
making his hamburgers and happily feeding the hungry bellies of the townsfolk,
and had done so for as long as anyone could remember.
He was beloved by all.
One day, a great noise was heard throughout the town.
It was a jarring calliope,
the music emanating from a curious wagon that rolled into town
covered with flashlights,
flashing lights.
The wagon rolled down every street in Pinkstown,
with a great booming voice calling out,
Follow me to total satisfaction.
Startled by this amazing machine,
the people came out of their homes in droves,
following the outrageous machine until it stopped in a vacant lot
across from McDonald's Hamburger Heaven.
The great wagon wheels retracted,
and it settled to the ground.
Hatches opened,




and mechanical limbs flailed the air
as the machine transformed from a strange garish wagon
to the most amazing futuristic structure the townsfolk had ever seen.
Roof-mounted loudspeakers proclaimed for all to hear,
Friends, my name is J.R. Bob Dobbs,
and I welcome you to the grand opening of my new,
fully automated restaurant,
Burger God Hunger Fucker.
Fireworks shot from the roof
as a giant flashing neon sign lit up
and bathed the entire street
in the glare of glowing, garish profanity.
The people were outraged.
Oh my God, hide the children's eyes, cried a mother.
We will not tolerate this in Pinkstown,
cried the town's preacher.
Anger and frustration filled the air
as people wielding torches and pitchforks
tried in vain to burn down the structure.
Even as the seductive scent
of the most savory burgers you've ever smelled
wafted over the crowd
like a mouth-watering fog.
Despite themselves,
the people suddenly found themselves ravenously hungry.
They could not resist.
They must have a hamburger now.
As the townspeople began to surge
towards the door of Burger God Hunger Fucker,
the preachers cried out,
Wait! Do not give in to temptation.
We cannot succumb to the,
the lure of this horrific affront to our decency.
We will go to McDonald's
and enjoy his hamburgers instead,
as we always have.
When nobody buys any hamburgers
from this obscene mechanical monster,
it will no doubt go away.
So the citizens packed themselves into McDonald's
and ate more hamburgers than they had eaten
in one night in the history of McDonald's.
The lines were around the block
and halfway through town
as drooling Pinkstownians fought the urge
to give their best.
They were a business to the Burger God Hunger Fucker.
Rolling eastward on US-1
was a dented green Buick
driven by a hungry young subgenius
named Reverend Funny Name.
Reverend Funny Name had been driving for days,
looking forward to his first ex-day vacation
and to enjoy the fellowship
of his many subgenius friends.
He'd made very few stops during his pilgrimage,
but as he neared the Pinkstown exit,
he was overwhelmed.
He was overcome by the alluring smell of hamburgers.
He could not remember ever smelling a hamburger this savory
and he could not resist the hunger that seized him.
And he saw the line for the hamburgers
and he smelled the hamburgers
and he drove to the center of town
and he looked at McDonald's and he's like,
man, there is absolutely no way I'm waiting in that line.
And then looking over his shoulder,
he saw the garish glow of the sign and said,
oh snap!
Burger God, hunger fucker!
He pulled into the drive-thru
and after perusing the menu,
told the order bot,
I'd like the number 13 happy fucker fun meal
with a double hunger fucker burger, please,
with a big ass mega fuckload of chili cheese fries
and a small motherfucking diet coke.
For his health.
As he pulled away from the lot
with his huge meal on the seat beside him,
the townspeople were all in awe of him.

People shook their fists at him and gave him dirty looks.
Reverend Funny Name pulled back onto the highway
and continued east toward his destination.
It was the greatest meal of his life.
He not only ate that hunger fucker burger,
he ate the hunger fucking hell out of it.
It was so good, he never wanted to shit it out.
He reached into the bag
and retrieved the toy surprise
from his happy fucker fun meal.
It was a shiny plastic box with a red button on top.
He pressed the red button and waited.
He pressed it again.
What a pile of junk, Reverend Funny Name said,
as the Burger God hunger fucker detonated,
leaving nothing left of Pinksville but a smoking crater.
The end.
Reeeeee!
A beautiful tale, Dr. LeGue,
not just a...
It makes me hungry just thinking about it.
Ready to get your hunger fucked.
Yeah.
Bob also tried to market a type of beer
called Beer God the Thirst Fucker.
And these ad agencies he hired
would always try to talk him out of it.
But he actually opened a chain
of both Beer God and Burger God in Louisiana.
Yeah, I remember you told me about it years ago, obviously,
which is why I remembered.
Well, that will be on the, uh,
one of those X-rated internet-only hours of Slack.
Well, you know, last year I was able to put together
an hour of Slack real easily.
I just used all the stuff that was too filthy
to use at all, if you were gonna bleep it.
So it was, uh, it was your, your tale
of the seven years of rape
that went on and on and on seven times.
Probably the most ripped-off meme of the year.
There was that entire New York DeVival
was centered around your story
of the, of the subgenius raping bears and, uh...
It was definitely a night of all rape.
Yeah, it wasn't all, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh...
an all-rape.
Well, it was one of those rape-X days, you know?
You don't, we don't, we don't get those all the time.
I'm sorry, ladies, uh...
Hey, the weekend's...
...and boys.
You know, it can still happen
the 4th, you know.
If you need rape and stuff,
I'm sure there are subgeniuses around
who'll lead you in the right direction.
The very reason that they, uh,
make it, uh, illegal to broadcast, uh,
those dirty words is, uh,
because they don't want people to be reminded
of the fun things in life that are free.
When you stop and think about it, uh,
nearly every word that's on that list
is something that everyone does on a regular basis
or had to have done somewhere along their life
in order to, to exist.
I mean, no one would...
Or, or wishes to hell they could.
And yet, so we're going to take that action
and we're going to say,
that's the word you can't use,
that's the word you can't speak,
that's the word you can't think.
Uh, if you ever needed proof of the conspiracy,
what greater proof is there?
So, not only should you use those dirty words,
you should think those dirty words
and act on those dirty words
whenever you can
and whenever you are supposed to not.
Just do it. Think it. Say it.
In spite of the con.
You know, you should be the new Captain Kangaroo
or romper room teacher, Papa Joe.
There will be pancakes in the morning at the main stage.
And, well, first of all,
we'll have two more ranters
and then after this, zero defects
will be after the next two ranters.
Our two ranters are going to include
Suds Pacha and Susie the Floozy,
who is over here adjusting her beautiful flooziness.
She's working the ramp.
The tramp on the ramp will be after,
but first we'll have Suds Pacha.
We did fix the technical difficulties, I believe.
I'm about to tell you folks a story
I don't even tell the closest circle of my friends.
This is part two, my friends.
See, y'all,
don't know how close you can come.
Someone up on stage was talking about
the towers falling in 9-11 and all that.
Friends, I had my own personal 9-11
when I was in high school.
I experienced shit that most people couldn't even dream about.
What most people have to be paid to deal with,
I got to see firsthand.
See, I had a plane crash next to my house.
Bodies and fire and all that good stuff.
You ever seen what a human body actually looks like
when all the skin has been burned off of it?
You know the color of yellow on a Happy Meal?
Yeah, everybody knows the Happy Meal.
This was one Happy Meal you didn't want to dig into, folks.
Oh, and the smell.
Whew.
I tell you, that is one smell you will never forget.

But the one thing that's really amazing
is looking into those eyes and looking right back at you
with those crystal clear blue eyes.
He's just trying to stay awake.
He's got no feeling anymore.
He's in shock.
What do you tell the guy?
You think the Colts have a chance this year?
I don't know.
What do you do in a situation like that?
Oh, here come the paramedics.
You pick the guy up to move him out of the way
so they can put the fire out that's threatening
to burn down your whole neighborhood.
Guys, I'm telling you,
you're going to see the guy's leg falls out in your hand.
Oh, hell, that's just going to ruin your day.
So you get all bummed out about it,
and you just can't really deal with that kind of thing.
You feel yourself falling down that rabbit hole,
just taking you down.
See, and I had big plans that day.
I was going to go hang out with a young lady.
We were going to have some fun somehow, some way.
We were going to have fun.
Yeah, you can see how much fun I had that day.
But you know,
sitting at her house later that night,
drowning in my own misery,
I had a moment.
As I was falling down that rabbit hole of despair,
I had a vision.
Now, I told you last night about my first experiences with Bob
and how my teacher had a picture of him up on the wall.
And this was when I was a little kid.
Now I'm talking almost to the end of my high school years.
It's been a long time since I've seen Bob.
And that night I was in a hell of a state.
Bad, real bad.
Falling down that rabbit hole of despair.
Someone had the TV on in the background
and I was totally oblivious to it.
Until this happened.
What the hell do you think you're doing?
Dragging your butt through the day,
selling body and soul to a bunch of bland normals?
Acting stupid so they'll think you're one of them?
Tired of getting all of the guilt?
But none of the sex?
There is a simple answer, dear friend.
A glowing beacon of slack amidst the turmoil and darkness.
It's J.R. Bob Dobbs, the living slack master
in his church of the subgenius.
Bob brings a new destiny for the abnormal.
For Bob comes to justify our sins,
to unmask the conspiracy,
and to get us back the slack they stole away.
It's us versus them.
Are you gonna fry in hell on earth alongside the pink boys?
Or will you pull the wool over your own eyes
and accept Bob into your mind?
Repent, quit your job, slack off,
and praise Bob!
Church of the Subgenius, eternal salvation,
or triple your money back.
Friends, it was that commercial, that moment,
that face that appeared on that screen
that drugged me testicles first
straight out of that rabbit hole of misery.
And my friends, that night,
I got laid!
Friends, that's what the power of Bob can do for you.
And if you'll stick around for another night,
I'll tell you the third part of this story.
Bless you, Brother Suds, for that testimony.
And right now, I think this is a good time
to put in a word for bag bomb.
If you have never heard of bag bomb,
bag bomb, this shit landed in the middle
of an Amish cornfield on a meteorite.
They put it in a green can,
and it's gotta be in a tin to keep the radiation in.
Because you know, that was a mighty inspiring story
that Brother Frodesh Pasha just shared with us.
In fact, it's got my lips all fucked up.
Oh, at that time, that benevolent,
supposedly benevolent God tried to kill him
with an airplane and just barely missed.
Why, if back then, Brother Pasha had had a 55-gallon drum,
a bag bomb, his life could have been dramatically different.
Because he could have smeared that on the most de-gloved specimen
that he had to haul out of that wreckage,
and instantly, something the size of a stang
would have been looking like one of those naked Richard Corbin guys
from Heavy Metal with a big ol' wang.
That's bag bomb.
Yes, the only thing bag bomb does not want,
and does not work on, is butt hurt.
But nothing helps butt hurt.
Oh, but yes, if he had had bag bomb,
his life might have been incredibly different.
Brother Pasha could have been Dr. Frodesh Pasha.
He could have been a respected medical expert,
sleeping on bags of money and banging unconscious patients,
and he would not have the slack that he has today.
Because that man,
who has come through hell to be swimming in slack,
is a beautiful testament of what happens
when you turn your life and your glands and your wallet over to Bob.
It's like that old crotch Robert Frost.
Back when he once wrote, back when he'd sobered up a bit,
I took a path through the wood,
and shit hell, there's a goddamn fucking fork in the road.
And you know, that Bob was right too,
because it's the fucking forks that stab you
in your collective ass every fucking time.
But it's the path not taken.
How do we not take the right path?
How do we fork the forks before they fork us up the butt?
Oh, but that's where the Dobbs comes in.
At Princess We recommends the eightfold path to slack.
I'm an old bitch.
And I'm getting kind of dotty.
And I can't remember eight anything.
I was eight before I was seven.
But that sure doesn't help me none of this.
I ain't no spring jism no more.
And at my age, all I can remember is one path.
One grimy back alley.
One condom-littered lover's lane.
One direction.
And right now, I'm feeling that goddamn gravitational pull
worse than ever,
because this planet sucks.
And it's gonna suck the life out of me
unless I work it to my advantage.
Yes, it's always right.
It's a choice that's left.
It's not as vague as north-southwest.
You can get your ass there by going around.
If you haven't guessed yet, my direction is down.
I am going down for Dobbs because it's a sure bet.
In this gravity well of toil and sweat.
And I know in my soul there's no better direction
than the one that leads you down to Bob's erection.
Oh, because Bob is the man there's no better to thank.
And while you're down there, give him a wank.
Praise Bob!
Praise Brother Suds for sharing that visceral, visceral,
story with us.
Praise Fruzy!
Praise fucking Hextate for keeping us all alive
for another fucking year.
Sticking it to the con.
I dig the mic right away. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
It works.
It works.
Everybody give Susie the Fluzy a round of applause.
Good evening, my fellow reverend doctors
of the Church of the Subgenius.
We are Boron Nuzzle from Kalamazoo, Michigan.
We are here this evening in anticipation of receiving
our pleasure saucers.
We want the fuck off this godforsaken ball of dirt
full of fucking pinks.
Praise Bob for striking the deal.
With the exists.
Which will allow us to say goodbye to all of these lily-livered pink bitches and bastards.
All of our fucking bosses.
All of our ex-wives and ex-husbands.
All of the judges and lawyers who have made our lives hell.
All of the politicians who pass legislation who make us want to slit our own fucking throats.
I'm looking forward to killing a certain English teacher from my high school when I get my saucer.
There are a couple of national landmarks I might take with me.
I have a feeling that I may actually go pick up one or two people that I happen to enjoy
and keep them as pets.
But goddamn is it going to be good to escape from planet dirt.
That was Boron Nuzzle live at X-Day as is our background music heard right now.
Next, and this may require some imagination on your part and may be a vomit bucket,
the sideshow marvel Saint Andrew the Impaled with his human blockhead self-torture
and a great song and a great rant.
Roommates.
Fellow janitors.
I've seen him almost set a number of things on fire.
Like my cello.
Definitely my heart.
Without any further ado, please give it up for Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania's premier and pain-proof clown,
Andrew the Impaled!
Thank you very much, Mandy.
I was wondering who she was going to introduce right there.
All right.
It turned out it was me.
Ladies and gentlemen.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Race fans and, and, and, and.
What you.
What you.
Are about to see.
Is real!
This is reality!
Oh, trust me.
Trust me, my friend.
This is reality.
Indisputable.
Obvious.
And right before your eyes.
You are not watching MTV.
Real TV.
Nobody watches MTV, in fact, anymore.
Fox TV or the Jerry Springer Show.
This is not World Wide Wrestling, nor is this the World Wide Web.
What you are about to see is shocking.
What you are about to see is amazing, amusing, and a miracle if I pull it all off.
Leaders and jewels.
Those are units of measurement.
What you are about to see is real.
Yes, everyone.
I am Andrew the Impaled, Pittsburgh's premier pain-proof clown.
And, uh.
I can't see much of you right now because this light is here.
Uh.
This.
This is an up-close-and-personal show.
So, if you kids kindly would, please.
Move a little closer!
Blood washes out and pain goes away.
Move a little closer!
This is an up-close-and-personal show.
You kids acting like you're the cool kids in the back of the bus.
Boy, you ain't gonna see shit from back there.
And if you don't see shit, you won't believe it.
And if you don't believe it, what's the sense in me doing it?
Hell, by the time we're done here, you're gonna ask each other,
what's the sense in that guy doing any of this?
So move a little closer and experience the karma of pain.
All right, all right.
First things first.
First things fucking first.
I must introduce.
I must introduce the star of my show.
I mean, you might think it's me.
I'm the guy up here.
You might think it's me.
I'm the guy with the microphone.
You might think it's me.
Because I make all the money and most of the decisions.
But alas, I am not the star of my own show.
No, in fact, the star of my show is none other than the toolbox of death!
Come on, give it up for the stupid toolbox of death!
Yeah, all right, yeah.
People who can at least act like you've had some culture for once in your godforsaken lives.
Now I'm gonna need a...
a volunteer and you, you do fine.
You come here with the beers.
Come on, hurry up.
Yeah, you.
Yeah, I don't know what the word volunteer means.
Get over there.
There's a ramp.
Hey, move out of her way so this lady can come up here and help me out here.
All right, very good.
That was very fast.
That was excellent.
All right, good.
I need, okay, I need your help.
What's your name?
Cat Feather.
Cat Feather.
Cat Feather.
Very nice to...
Very nice to see you.
I've seen...
I've seen your tweets on the Facebook.
Yeah, it's true.
It's true.
It's true.
But, uh...
I'm not a...
This has nothing to do with sitting on anybody's Facebook.
You, Cat Feather, kindly reach into the toolbox of death and grab me a nail.
You know a nail sharpened to one end and dulled on the other like this guy here?
Yeah, okay, very good.
All right, examine that nail carefully.
Make sure it's indeed a real nail.
Make sure it does not bend, doesn't fold, doesn't retract, doesn't telescope inside of itself.
Is that a real nail?
Yes.
That's a real nail.

Wait, wait, hold on, hold on, hold on.
Do you have any reason to question your perception of reality at this time?
Yes.
You see, I was gonna say, I mean, your pupils are like fucking saucers over here.
Hey, we'll make new human blockheads after the show, okay?
For right now, you're gonna have to wait a second.
Now, if you would kindly hand the nail back to me.
All right, no offense to you, but sterilization is very important.
If you thought the aughts were bad, you know, trust me, the teens are gonna be even worse.
And now, ladies and gentlemen, I tell you, examine carefully as I, Andrew the Impaled, attempt to take this very real 20 penny spike and hammer it directly into my fucking face!
You know.
You know.
You know.
Alright, hold on.
I did say, I did say all the into my fucking face.
And all the way, is a promise that I, unlike these guys over here, can actually deliver upon!
Alright, alright, here we go, so, so, here we go, here we go, here we go, inadequates.
Here is all the way into my fucking face.
all the way into my fucking face!
Yes, you can applaud, people.
This is highbrow entertainment.
This is genuine culture here.
I mean, you might never have seen culture before in your lives,
but trust me, there is some culture here in Wisteria,
and unfortunately, this is it.
All right, you guys in the front,
you might want to watch out during the extraction.
I sometimes tend to spew,
and you're wearing nice clothes there.
No, I'm joking, I'm joking, I'm joking.
You're right, those are terrible fucking clothes.
Okay, who's ever token you're burning a seed,
and it's fucking sticking up the stage here?
So pop that shit out of there.
You're going to go sterile, all right?
Here you go.
And to the impaled souvenirs, everyone!
All right, they don't come this often,
and they're never that cheap.
But wait, there's more.
You, reach into the toolbox of death
and grab me a screwdriver.
Reach into the toolbox, there we go, okay.
Examine that screwdriver carefully.
Make sure it's real.
Make sure it does not bend, doesn't fold,
doesn't retract.
You might not want to touch that end.
You could just stab it into the stage
if you want to check its validity any further.
Holy shit, Lorraine above it.
All right.
Don't litter, kids.
Here, give that back to me.
No, that actually counts as community service right there.
I say don't litter, kids, like six times a year,
and I'm off the hook.
It's fucking cool.
All right, there we go.
Once again, sterilization's very important.
I see the types of people
with whom you associate.
By that, I mean all of you.
And now, blah, blah, blah,
the fucking screwdriver, blah, blah, blah,
my fucking face, all right?
All the way into my fucking face!
Yes, this is the part where you join the pain
by beating one hand against another
in a show of appreciation
for what you're seeing on the stage here.
All right, now shut up for a second
because here's the thing.
Here's the thing.
Here's the thing.
This is the thing.
This is the thing.
Here's the thing.
The thing is this.
Here's the thing.
See, at this point in time,
the tip of the screwdriver is four inches
all the way back into my fucking face,
brushing against the medulla oblongata
at the base of my brain,
at the top of my spine,
in the front of the back of my head,
and when I push that very small
but very important part of the brain in and out
and in and out and in and twist it just so,
I can adjust the radio stations that I pick up on my phone,

my fillings.
Let's see if we can try it here.
Here.
Viva Los Angeli!
No sleep till the morning light, my father.
Yeah, he cried more than a feel into my carpet ride.
Well, you shook me.
All I need is just a little red Corvette.
Baby, come back, blame it all on me
and the boys don't cry.
All right, I'm gonna bring this guy
to my head before I lose it.
I should have rolled it.
Yeah!
Now!
Two, three, ah!
Ah!


Ah!
Now that's completely beyond the limits of good taste.
I apologize for that, but you know what?
You know what?
Brain goo tastes like chicken brain goo.
Anyway, you've been a great help,
and what's your name again?
Cat Feather.
Hey, everybody give a warm round of applause
for the toolbox of death!
Yeah, get off my stage, Cat Feather.
You've been great and lovely and wonderful
and helpful and all that.
All right.
Now, I've been doing the sideshow bullshit
for a long ass time, and I fucking tell you it hurts.
So, instead of just sideshow bullshit,
I think it's only appropriate that you folks
get to suffer too.
Yeah!
Shh!
Be very, very quiet.
Ah!
Ah!
Uh!
Uh!
Just like a car crash
Just like a knife
My favorite weapon
Is the look in your eye
Just like a car crash
Just like a knife
The only truth I know
Is the look in your eye
Chewing on glass
And tainting my fingers
I'm not the one
Who's one out of wise
You're one out of wise
You're one out of wise
You're one out of wise
You're one out of wise
You're one out of wise
You're one out of wise
Fuck you
Fuck you
Fuck that silly wabbit
Fuck Warner Brothers
Fuck that duck
Always changing the sign of what hunting season it is
Fuck ye
Fuck ye
Sigma
Sigma
Sigma
Sigma

See ya
Check out my videos
Click the Sor größte comment






Co siihen
집
Plána

Thanks for watching
Like
And Aloha

Thanks for watching
Your
So
Sons
You
And, like, that guy had a rough fucking weekend.
That's not fucking suffering.
That's the pansiest fucking martyr I've ever seen in my entire life.
But, no, I digress.
The thing is, if he did go to all that trouble, supposedly, for some, you know, important purpose,
wouldn't he feel like a dick if I wasn't out there sinning, like, all over the place?
I mean, you know, you go to a lot of work, you know, you prepare a meal for somebody,
and they're like, ugh, and they don't even fucking eat it, all right?
You know, or you go to all this trouble to make somebody's big special birthday party happen,
and they don't give a shit.
They don't care, you know?
You feel like you're a dick.
Yeah, so I'm only doing my part for Jesus or whoever martyred by sinning.
Yes.
Yes, praise Andrew, the truly impaled.
And now from X Day at Wisteria,
Monkey Hive, with Princess We Are Doe and Priestess Pisces,
singing the theme from Parker and Stone's great movie, Team America, World Police.
America, fuck yeah.
Coming again to save the motherfucking day, yeah.
America.
Fuck yeah.
Freedom is the only way, yeah.
America, fuck yeah.
Coming again to save the motherfucking day, yeah.
America.
Fuck yeah.
Freedom is the only way, yeah.
Terrorists, your game is through.
Now it's time to answer to America.
America.
Fuck yeah.
To lick my body, because I'm a liar.
America.
Fuck yeah.
McDonald's.
Fuck yeah.
Fuck yeah.
The gas.
Fuck yeah.
Baseball.
Fuck yeah.
NFL.
Fuck yeah.
Rock and roll.
Fuck yeah.
Internet.
Fuck yeah.
Liberead.
Fuck yeah.
Fuck ya.
Texas.
Focus.
Fuck yeah.
Disney world.
Fuck yeah.
opportunity.
Fuck yeah.
fictional.
Fuck yeah.
Big tent.
Fuck yeah.
Sushi.
Fuck yeah.
Taco bar.
Fuck yeah.
Rodeo.
Fuck yeah.
Good faster beyond.
Fuck yeah! Fuck yeah!
Fuck yeah!
Liberians! Fuck yeah!
Whiteswitches! Fuck yeah!
The Alamo! Fuck yeah!
Bandits! Fuck yeah!
Los Gatos! Fuck yeah!
Christmas! Fuck yeah!
X-Day! Fuck yeah!
Popeye! Fuck yeah!
Democrats! Fuck yeah!
Republicans! Fuck yeah!
Portrait Shits! Fuck yeah!
Bucks!
X-Day! Fuck yeah!
And we're on the last show. This is the last, last show.
What'd you do? Did you get up early?
Oh, you wish it was the last show.
It's the last show.
What? We don't have any more to do.
When I ask for ranters, which I do occasionally,
it always comes back to the same realization.
We talk about different types of people in this church, these categories we apply.
I always hear about the Evangelicals and the Holocaustals.
The Bobbies and the Conyites.
But there's one sort of duality, one split of types of people that drives me mad.
That is the Rewardians versus the Emergentists.
Emergentiles.
Now, now, now, don't get me wrong.
I understand some people's slack is sitting on your ass and drinking beer and watching other people do stuff.
And that's fine.
Good for you.
I'm going to let you in on a little secret, my Rewardian friend.
Something that Stang and I know and people like Susie the Floozy and Popus Pantyara,
things that us Emergentiles happen to know.
You see, the Rewardian gets slack.
Every single day.
I won't deny it.
You guys are sitting in slack every minute that you can.
And that's cool.
You've got this nice trickle of slack running down your back.
Going right up down your ass, cracking into your ass, and you're just happy as a pig in shit.
And that's good for you Rewardians, but I've got to tell you a secret.
Doesn't work that way for the Emergentiles.
And you Rewardians say,
Pisces, why don't you just sit down and chill out?
Or Stang, Stang, why don't you just sit down and have a beer and chill out and just relax and slack off, Stang?
And Susie, you don't have to do all of that stuff.
And Pantyara, why are you doing all these great things?
You should be just hanging around and smoking pot and drinking beer and slacking off.
Because we know the secret, friends.
And yes, you Rewardians get that slow trickle of slack every day.
But the Emergentile, when the project is done, when we have finished the work,
we get an Amazonian flow of slack that blows your trickle out of the water.
It's the difference between just getting a hard-on
and busting the biggest load of your life.
You Rewardians get that stiffy every day from that slack.
But us Emergentiles, we're sopping wet from the spunk of our slack orgasms.
A slack tsunami, yes.
Now it's okay, I'm not telling you Rewardians you should just get up and get off your ass.
Because first of all, I know you won't.
I see you.
You're like, fuck that shit.
I've got my campsite.
I'm going to sit here.
I'm going to drink until I pass out.
And that's okay because you know what?
If they were all Emergentiles, then we wouldn't get that tsunami of slack.
We wouldn't get that wet between our legs feeling when it goes just right.
And people ask me, Pisces, why do you put all this fucking effort into it?
Pisces, why do you do this?
Because when it goes just fucking right, when you guys have the best X day ever,
when everything runs perfectly and shit happens on this stage that is absolutely amazing and mind blowing,
I fucking cum.
Alright?
I fucking get the hell off.
It is like, that's the only thing.
We've had some trials and tribulations and I won't go into that.
But what really, really brought me back is the fact that,
that I love the completed process.
I love how it ends.
And I love watching you guys get off.
And knowing in my heart of hearts as an Emergentile,
you're not getting off nearly as fucking good as I am.
I know I said a bunch of shit already, but I'm here to say something else and you're all going to fucking listen to it.
This is my first X day and god damn it, I waited to come to X day until I had something to bring.
Something to represent.
Because I'm one of those Emergentiles she was just talking about.
And I just want to tell all you fucking Rewardians that I worked my ass off so you guys can all get your yucks.
And you're welcome.
This is the last show of the millennium folks.
On the last show of the millennium.
It is the last show.
Thank you to my fellow Emergentiles, Priestess Pisces, who really keeps X days going.
And Reverend,
Reverend Sid Redlin of Boron Nuzzle, the band also heard in the background.
This is the Hour of Slack from subgenius.com
and many radio stations that normally play these shows won't be playing this one or several that are coming up.
And to take us out, we have a hardcore song called Squeal by a close personal friend of the large,
Shranz Ferdinand of I...
I believe Finland.
Praise Shranz. Praise Bob.
Whoa!
Last minute change of long range plans, friends.
I'll play Shranz in a minute.
But first,
I'm forced by necessity to finally tell you,
the individual listener,
that if you,
you personally,
don't do this one little thing to help me out,
this song by Shranz will in fact be the last thing you will ever hear on Hour of Slack.
And this will be the last episode of Hour of Slack.
Yeah, I know.
Haha, very funny.
But in fact,
I'm dead broke.
And though I may not sound it in announcer mode,
reading from the script,
I'm almost suicidally depressed by recent events.
Or non-events, as the case may be.
Bob is rich, of course.
But his church of the subgenius, however,
is dead broke.
And the Hour of Slack is more broke than both the church and me, put you in.
I hope you're all in there.
And I'm sorry to let you all go to sleep.
Because this show is,
or I should say was,
played on a number of college and public stations.
It's against their rules for me to try to raise money for myself.
And that's why we've never harped on the membership,
the 30 bucks thing,
or now 35 bucks,
or asked for donations,
or even give prices,
because on these kind of stations,
it's illegal. But this episode isn't for broadcast, just the internet, and so in this one case,
for this one final and first time, I can tell you the truth. I recently came out of the haze of
dobsful slack that I've been in for the last 1,327 weeks and admitted to myself that although
roughly like 1,300 to 2,000 people download this show every week and it's mailed to nine stations,
only three of those stations have actually bothered to pay the requested $5 an episode
for the last three years, and maybe three of the 1,300 downloaders have ever sent us a donation.
Then, last week,
I very foolishly looked at the general feedback I was getting from listeners,
which is essentially none at all or maybe a four-letter, a four-word non sequitur every
few weeks or else death threats. Now, I've dealt with poverty for 35 years now, and that's fine.
To me, poverty is normal. What I've never faced before is absolutely
pennilessness and having my morale beaten down by cruel people. I made the mistake of asking on a
couple of internet subgenius forums how many people listen to the show, and I made the even
bigger mistake of saying I was so depressed that I didn't feel like I could keep doing the show
anymore. And here's the response I got. About a dozen people posted very, very, very, very, very,
heartfelt thank yous and sincere descriptions about how the show has helped them,
from cheering them up to saving their very lives. About 30 people had enough energy to give it a
like, you know, a thumbs up. Three people who, gee, oddly enough, happened to do other
subgenius shows or podcasts, and I don't mean the puzzling evidence guys,
practically jumped for joy that I might,
be leaving the airwaves just to them. I can't even begin to describe what it felt like,
and I'm pretty good with words. But here's how much all of those people think the hour
of slack is worth in terms of money. Not one penny. It took about two days of people laughing
at my agony or damning me with faint praise or even praising me to high heaven in that handful
of cases before I could even get to the point where I could even get to the point where I could
get to the point where I could even get to the point where I could even get to the point where
I finally broke down in tears, literally, in a graveyard by coincidence,
and right in front of a big tombstone with the name Smith on it, just by happenstance.
I was on my way to WCSB at the time to drop off some old reruns so that I
wouldn't have to try to be funny anymore. I really was truly at the end of my
journey. I was at the end of my journey. I was at the end of my journey. I was at the end of my
journey. I was at the end of my journey. I was at the end of my journey. I was at

was crying too because she saw the results of my public confession as well,
which was many, many good intentions and three death-dealing insults from
but not one penny. The only reason I didn't quit then and am now doing this possibly
last show is because that same day, the day I was about to basically kill the show,
the website, the whole thing. I got in the mail from Reverend Louie Louie a box of four cans of
ranch-style beans, which I can't get here in Cleveland, and a check for 150 bucks.
He had sent that before my nervous breakdown and public cries for help, so it wasn't pity.
He actually meant it. He actually likes me. I also remembered, or we reminded me, that Dr. Dark
had come by a week earlier just to purchase a hundred bucks worth of subgenius collectibles
that he didn't already have, and I also remembered that three stations still actually go to the
trouble of paying for the postage and CD costs of this show. WEFT in Champaign, Illinois,
WQFS in Greensboro, North Carolina, and Rob Zarka of WCNI in Connecticut.
So basically, this is this last chance to keep our enemies from killing the show,
just as they practically killed my spirit last Friday online. This episode of Hour of Slack
is dedicated to those three stations, although they can't play it.
And Dr. Dark and Reverend Louie Louie. It's also dedicated to Priestess Pisces and her lucky
fiancé, Reverend Frodo Suds Shaw, who've done more to keep me from killing myself than anyone
except maybe Princess Wee and Dr. Legume. I will also admit that I'm motivated by sheer spite
regarding the so- Gaming
of a
bakery and the series of videos I see文化
still
on a
floof
networkị
which pretty much
only commands the
one person to prove to me that this show is worth at least one penny to them.
There's a donation button on the radio page and also the front page of subgenius.com.
So far, this show, Hour of Slack, has proved itself to be worth kind words from a few people.
But I want one person to prove to me that it's worth even more than words, at least
one cent, by going to that donate button or mailing a check to our P.O. box or whatever,
anything to reassure me that my last 26 years of making and copying and uploading and mailing
and linking the Hour of Slack is worth some monetary value and hasn't been a
consequence.
It's a complete and utter waste of my very life.
Any monetary value.
I'd love for it to be worth 50 bucks to you, but if you're like me, one dollar is a lot
to give.
Actually, I spend about 20 bucks per show myself just on CDs, postage, and envelope,
and let's not even talk about the time involved.
But seriously.
Seriously.
Seriously.







One person, one, can prove that they found this show to have been worth one single penny.
A dime would be even better, but I don't want to get my hopes up only to have them crushed
again.
If I can get one, one cent donation from one person, that will be more than almost anyone
else has done for me during these darkest, well, next darkest days of my entire life.
Yes, you could save the show and my mind, such as it is, for one penny.
Now, I understand that the effort of saying something nice might be too much for 99% of
you.
I know that pushing a like button on Facebook is too much like work, but I'm asking for
even more than that.
I asked online several places.
I got nothing.
Not even the one penny.
I begged.
I tore my heart out in front of everybody and got kicked in the teeth, or the tooth,
I should say, by a person that I thought was one of my best friends.
I got many, many kind words from a dozen people and a sentence or two from a few more.
But now I'm asking for something much harder to give than a thank you.
I'm asking for a thank you.
I'm asking for a penny.
I need to know if anybody out there, any single one listener, has ever gotten enough slack
from these years and years of toil, mostly by me, to feel that it was worth that penny.
Because so far, apparently, that's not what it's worth.
It's worth lots of very supportive sentences, but not worth a penny, much less a dime.
Can you, brother, just you, just one listener?
Make me feel a little better about this?
Can you help the church by hitting that donation button or addressing an envelope to Cleveland
Heights, Ohio?
Can you be the one person rich enough to spend that one cent and keep this show on the internet?
Fuck the stations.
They've taken us for granted long enough, aside from the three that pay.
Fuck their listeners who can't be bothered to pledge $5.
During a pledge drive, aside from the 10 or so that might have.
I'm talking to you, the one subgenius who is rich enough and merciful enough to send me
an amount of actual money to help me psychologically, even if it's only one cent's worth of help,
to help me not have to sell my equipment, erase the download servers and the website
and the archives, and move to my pappy's basement.
In Texas.
At least help me kid myself for a few months more that that's not going to be necessary.
If you aren't that person, maybe you'd feel better about buying something fair and square.
We have two huge catalogs of stuff online, mostly just sitting there.
A tiny minority of subgeniuses, the special few who can and actually have read our three main books,
call them life-changing.
Heck, you might even want a $2 Bob pin or a Bob t-shirt.
Golly, maybe even to finally become a minister or possibly own one of our many DVDs.
See, I was a video editor before I was an hour of slack editor.
Or maybe I'm barking up the wrong tree and you are not that particular subgenius.
You're not the one who thinks this show is worth a penny.
In that case, goodbye forever.
And the song by, well, whatever you'd call it, Hardcore, by Shanz Ferdinand,
will indeed be the last new thing you'll ever hear on the show once called The Hour of Slack.
That's subgenius.com if you're that one penny-rich person
who gives that one slightest fucking shit
about what happens to me.
And this show and the church of the subgenius.
Because I'm a began.
And it's probably just a





that's
well,
Outro Music
Outro Music
Outro Music
Outro Music
Outro Music
Outro Music
Outro Music
Outro Music
Outro Music
Outro Music
Outro Music
Outro Music
Outro Music
Outro Music
