We interrupt this program to activate the emergency...
Subgenius Powerhouse...
...working!
...stranded on stop trains. We have been hearing, of course, about what's been happening in the New York City subway system.
And I believe that I have Bob Dobbs, who is with the New York Transit Authority, with us.
Mr. Dobbs, can you hear me?
Hello, Ted. Are you there?
I'm here. You tell me where you are and what you can tell me about what's going on or what's not going on.
It's an honor to speak with you. Thank you for taking my call.
We would ask...we're down in the subway tunnels...we would ask everyone to remain in the cars until the power is restored.
All drivers should cut their power until instructed by their supervisors to restore that power.
Things are quite chaotic, as you would imagine there, Ted.
Wait a second. I understand what you're saying, and I wish I could think that what you were telling me was somehow getting to those people.
How are you getting information to them? They obviously can't watch television, can't hear it on the radio at the moment.
How are you conveying this information?
We have a wireless radio telepathic system set up for communication with those drivers.
We use interconnecting radios and so forth.
Once the...
Once the power is restored, I would ask everyone...pretty much everyone in the town, if possible, to log on to thankyoufortakingmycall.com.
And that way they can get instructional video and audio clips and various things to help them through this state of emergency.
If people begin to wander around the tunnels, they may uncover certain reserved areas where...
For example, where Beauty and the Beast might be waiting there.
But we want to make sure that everyone logs on to thankyoufortakingmycall.com during the period of time after the blackout.
Immediately get onto that site and download the video and audio clips as an instructional measure.
Yeah, all of that sounds a little bit pie in the sky at the moment.
What are people supposed to do at the moment?
You're talking about people staying on the trains.
We've been hearing that transit authority workers have been escorting people off the trains.
I mean, that's what they're supposed to do, isn't it?
Well, that's correct. That's correct, Ted.
And I'm afraid the problem here is that you're not listening to me very closely.
What I'm asking is everyone to log on to thankyoufortakingmycall.com when with power...
I think I'm losing you, mister.
Mr. Dobbs, I'm afraid I'm losing you.
No, I did hear what you're saying, that people have computers and access to power.
Once it comes back on again, I heard you.
And they have heard you.
And I thank you very much for joining us.
I'm going to interrupt our conversation because joining us now is the merit of the...
You had me in service this morning.
And you obeyed.
Yes, I did.
So the pastor just prayed for me.
And I came this morning.
And I feel in my body that God has delivered me.
And he has died for you.
Somebody praise the Lord.
What did the Lord do for you today, honey?
God brought me back to the house of the Lord.
He wants to be with me, my son.
Another one is here.
What did God do for you today?
You believe God and...
Did Bob turn on the lights for you?
Or did Bob turn them off just in the nick of time so you could get away with it?
What was George Bush wanting to get away with when he would want so many lights turned off?
Is not Bob the true light himself?
And when the lights went down in Gordian, was it not Bob Dobbs who went down?
This sounds kind of pipe in the sky.
Beauty and the Beast digging through the underground?
What chaos!
What a nightmare!
Oh my God!
This seas of people dead in the streets!
I would also like to warn people on the 7 train to keep a sharp eye out for the Elephant Man or any other people.
You could be in the Barnum Brothers Bailey Circus.
Yes, for those trapped in the subways.
The...
Some human creatures that live in the sewers have...
Have broken loose!
Oh my God!
The sewage is pouring into Liguri!
There are alligators and hideous 7 armed strongmen!
Don't!
The Morlocks were short, different than they were in the movies.
Their ears were tiny.
Their nasal passages were barely bigger than that little bug.
But they were the only source of electricity in town.
They were the only way we could...
The only way we could...
Right now!
To breathe.
The Lug is father...
Bob.
Here's another late development and this news keeps coming in.
Bob was shot from ambush today.
It says Bob apparently was shot in the ass and Bob was killed.
But Bob had only just begun.
This is the end of our news in English.
They have their world and we have ours.
Notice.
Cleveland.
Emergency alert.
Emergency.
Emergency alert.
Emergency.
Warning.
Warning.
Warning.
The emergency alert system is in effect.
We interrupted the emergency alert to activate this program.
I really want to marry you.
I want to settle down.
I want to be with you.
I want to begin aial life and I will do everything shit you can to make you happy.
All broadcast stations include but are not limited to normal operation.
All broadcast stations may resume normal emergency alert systems.
Emergency alert...
Emergency.
Emergency alert...
Emergency.
Hey, you know how Ted Koppel was pranked by Bob during that blackout?
I was pranked by Dr. Le Guin, who half an hour after,
they gave me time to realize there was something national going on.
And he calls up and he goes, Reverend Stang,
there's army tanks going down the streets of New York,
crunching over dead people.
Oh, my God, they just smashed through that school bus.
And I was pranked by Ted Koppel.
He asked me confusing questions and gave me a quizzical eye,
as if to say, I don't know if I believe you.
But he sure as hell believed that Bob Dobbs guy.
With a mouth full of food, he swallowed it all down, didn't he?
And the word liar written on his forehead in a great big thick magic marker.
They always believe.
They always believe in that one.
This is PR.
This is PR News.
I'm in forest from Portugal to the Netherlands.
Forty deaths have been attributed to temperatures of approximately 6,000 degrees Fahrenheit or higher.
Pope John Paul II has urged people to pray for California state election officials
aboard a Nigerian 727 on the banks of the Thames River in Washington.
This is PR.
Support for PR.
Comes from the Corporation for Public Charitable Legacy Societations.
Go ahead.
Make my Bob laugh.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Make my Bob laugh.
Go ahead.
Make my Bob laugh.
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
I've seen them do what matters, I've heard them talk at war
Still I keep on going though it's different than before
They've been riding high up where the cool winds blow
Miles above that highway where the rest of us all go
So find out, you have to find out
It's good to find out before you open your mouth
Find out, why don't you find out
You better find out before you fill in the blanks
Go find out what it takes to make a boy break down and cry
Go find out your mistake is a bitter goodbye
Find out where it goes
Find out faster goes
Find out no one knows
Find out for yourself
You never try to find the time it takes to work it out
It's not a waste to taste the sweat it takes to work it out
You don't need a battle, you don't need a war
You don't need any lessons to find out what's in store
You've been riding high, you've felt the cool winds blow
Now get back on that highway where the others have to go
And find out, and maybe when you do you'll even find out
You haven't got a clue unless you find out
It's never like they say you're gonna find out


But take it all away
Go find out what it takes to make a boy break down and cry
Go find out his young mistake is a bitter goodbye
Go find out what it takes to make a boy break down and cry
Try to find the time it takes to work it out
It's not a waste to taste the sweat it takes to work it out
Find out if you're biting your mouth, you better find out
That was Find Out by Occupant
Ladies and gentlemen, it is my pleasure to introduce to you the President of the United States.
Thank you for the most interesting statistics about a month ago.
Prison. And I believe we should do it now.
The if is over with. We mean it.
Economists say a family of four, once, year after year, would create, will create 1.4...
I want to thank each of you.
We know that our cause is moral. We know that our cause is right.
Peace can only be established now by getting Saddam Hussein out of the way.
We need to put some hate in their heart and go out and stop those son of a bitches from getting out of the way.
We're not only going to shoot and bomb people in the name of justice, but help them.
Iraqi forces are reported to be in full retreat.
The Iraqi forces are reported to be in full retreat.
The main routes are being used by Iraqi troops to withdraw.
Retreat, withdraw, retreat.
Let's settle for running away.
The bombing Iraqi troops have already suffered is minor compared to what they've got coming.
We're going to concentrate on ending it right.
Lutna, coming at ya.
We've got a bomb.
We've got a bomb.
We've got a bomb.
We've got a bomb.
We've got a bomb.
We've got a bomb.
We've got a bomb.
That was Akala by Apex Twin.
Here's a letter in the scene.
Strange things are going on.
Dear.
Strange things are going on.
Dear scene.
This war will not... yeah.
Dear scene.
Uh.
Hang on.
I gotta go pop some zits.
Wait a minute.
Hey, this war.
Hey dudes, like this war.
No, this actually could like...
This war will not put an end to terrorism and quite simply unless one is a sheep, pushes
jingoistic tactics amount to a totalitarian resume.
He has ignored the will of the people because he's had a pussy, no, a sissy fit.
Sissy fit.
Tissy fit.
Tissy.
Tissy.
Tissy.
About being the president.
Has he?
Well, he always seems like he's always had a sissy fit.
Cause he's a reformed alcoholic.
Well, if you had two little slut daughters like that, wouldn't you?
Well, he's like this reformed alcoholic.
I guess you're finding out a lot of the world's mass murderers.
No, what pisses George off is that his daughters are having all the fun and he can't anymore.
He's gotta be president.
So he's out, you know, having wars.
Actually, I know how he feels.
But he gets to wear a snappy flight suit when he's making his way home to the United States.



Yeah.
You know, I don't think he's gonna get away with it.

You know, to the carrier USS, USS, USS, USS.

But I've got the two bad girls and they don't let, the thing doesn't let me drink anymore.
The thing won't let you drink anymore, Sting?
No.
No.
Oh, God, how do you get by?
Here, here, listen to this.
It is we the people who are the voice of the power.
Not bisexual, but I mean.
Not some Napoleonic little Texan who has a chip on his shoulder because his daddy couldn't
get the job done in the first place.
I think he's talking about you, Sting.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Another Texan who can't get the job done.
Napoleonic little Texan.
Yeah.
That's me.
I'm Native American, I'm Texan, and I'm ashamed of this bastard.
Some crazy Comanche, you know, as you're honking off as usual.
They're always pissed off about showing them Comanche.
You know, I've noticed that some people are more concerned that you understand how angry
they are.
Yeah.
At that one individual vampire, George Bush.
Yeah, here's another one.
It's just one vampire.
Any other.
Here's another one.
Wait, wait, wait.
Every decent American should be ashamed of this drunken, dim-witted, stupid, stupid,

draft-dodging, warmongering redneck.
Jealous.
Served his way into the Oval Office with the help of his daddy's Supreme Court.
Well, what the hell does an ovum have to do with pancreas or shitcretic?
No, Mom.
No.
People seem to be pissed out there in some degree.
I'm just reading out of the paper, folks.
I'm just, you know, on Messenger, though.
I think that they do not...
They don't?
They have no longer a belief in our system of government, in our belief in the government
by the people.
Those people should be taken out and shot.
Really?
They're not Americans.
Don't worry.
That's being taken care of right now.
Those people here, what's their names?
Let's say them on the air here.
It's no good without the address, Chess.
Okay, it's...
No, don't.
You can't do that.
It's against the rules.
Not the laws, the rules.
Well, they published their names right there.
Oh, so now you're the bean cow, huh?
You're gonna have a bunch of necks calling these people up, you know?
A bunch of psychotic necks are gonna be bothering these people.
I'm not gonna do that.
I'm not gonna do that.
I'm not gonna do that.

I'm not gonna do that.
It's covered up.
I'm not gonna do that.
I'm not gonna do that.
I'm not gonna do that.
Chess is making Barb
a
I think all the bad things when life is so good
Why I'm with an M when there's always a could
Let the whales worry about the poisons in the sea
Outside of California, it's foreign policy
I don't want changes, I've no reactions
Your dilemmas are my distractions
That's no way to go, Franco, un-American
I never lose my mind
I never looked around, never sent a gift
Then I read somehow it's in, now I'm always depressed
And now I can't sleep from years of apathy
All because I read a little Noam Chomsky
I'm eating vegetation as a fast food nation
I wear a couple shoes cause of globalization
I'm watching my friends go to school
I'm watching Uncle Moore expose the awful truth
I'm listening to Public Enemy and Reagan Youth
I see no world peace cause there's zealous armed forces
I eat no press pins cause I'm from the armed forces
Now I can't believe what an absolute failure
The president's laughing cause he voted for Nader
That's no way to go, Franco, un-American
No way to go, Franco, un-American
No way to go, Franco, un-American
Where can we go, Franco, un-American?
I wanna move north and be a Canadian
Or hang down low with the nice Australians
I don't wanna be another, I don't care again
What are we gonna do, Franco, Franco, un-American?
Franco, un-American by NoFX
Peace of luck, this is John Lowe
The government has been formally cautioned for logging onto a website containing child pornography
Thevenmaking.com

Sales




The 건
Rec 유
August
vaccinated
poll JO h
the
Protectors have released video footage of pornography.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, no, there's no singing in there.
I'm sorry, if you're not prepared to take the oath, you'll have to wait to the end of the queue.
And that's the BBC News.
Three minutes past eight, our next at nine.
Oh my God, that was so good.
I think Philo is on drugs now.
Philo Pye is back up for a something-or-other.
And the must for sale tonight is reviewed in the halls of the highest offices of the United States government
with alarm and, let it be said, some chagrin.
And a little bit of rue and a pinch of, what is it, a sous-son of esprit d'estalier.
The prize is still being felt today by the Bush administration
after Iraq.
Iraq reportedly launched three Scud missiles at Kuwait.
This caught us by surprise, according to Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld.
All these people should be running out of the country.
Or walked out on the end of a poopy stick.
I'm telling you, America.
Frop it or leave it.
Frop it or leave it, baby.
Come on now.
I'd rather have, you know, although I did like Bill more than George,
I don't mind a drunken, dim-witted, draft-dodging, warmongering redneck in the White House.
That actually has been known to happen before.
Yeah.
Almost every time.
Yeah.
Isn't every president a drunken, dim-witted, draft-dodging, warmongering redneck?
I'm an old man.
Come on now.
I remember the day when LBJ, drunk as a jaybird,
picked that dog up by his ears and whipped him around.
That was pretty damn special.
The rifleman.
The rifleman.
The rifleman.
If there is anyone who still wonders why this war is being fought,
let him look to Norway.
If there is anyone who has any delusions that this war could have been averted,
let him look to Norway.
And if there is anyone who doubts of the democratic will to win,
again I say, let him look to Norway.
Nope.
I think there are real Jack Z. Rippers in our government.
I think so too.
I think there are real Jack Z. Rippers in our militaries,
controlling the flow of banana spices and oils throughout our universe.
Well, it's part of biblical prophecy.
That's where they get their eggshells on, their tumerics,
is through the biblical prophecy.
Can you do a backflip-flop? Can you really?
The horny, horny, horny general shall arise from the mist of flaccid flesh,
and with its one horn shall tusk and probe until the world ends.
Hey man, that's evolution or devolution as the case may be.
That's the way it's going and we're the ones being swept aside.
Well, what are you going to do about it, huh?
I'm going to grow a tusk in my forehead and put some of that eggshells on my shoulders and give orders.
All right.
Was I not made of stone like me?
We're doing our best to abide by the Geneva Convention.
Hydro-Lit.
The installation of Iraq being bombed by the Americans.
We're doing our best to abide by the Geneva Convention.
A factory producing milk for children that was also attacked.
We're doing our best to abide by the Geneva Convention.
Allies are including a number of food storage and processing plants in their strategic objectives.
Inside a destroyed flour mill outside Baghdad.
The ruins of a potato warehouse.
We're doing our best.
We're doing our best to abide by the Geneva Convention.
Allied strike planes have hit oil pumping stations.
We're doing our best to abide by the Geneva Convention.
More than a third of Iraq's communications network has died.
We're doing our best to abide by the Geneva Convention.
The Allied determination to destroy Iraq's refining capacity.
4,000 soaps.
All nuclear reactors have been destroyed.
We're doing our best to abide by the Geneva Convention.
The total oil spillage into the Gulf from attacks on offshore platforms could be eight times that scope from the Exxon Valdez.
And you get a chem suit.
And a mask.
Good for two hours.
And you get some pliers to pick up dead people.
And you get the pills that you can stay alive with.
And you get the comic books that you'll read in isolation for years and years while the chemical effects wear off.
But you get rock-hard abs.
Yeah, yeah.
Rock-hard six-pack abs.
You get one of those camouflage haystacks.
Your abs become so hard you have.
You want an eight-pack.
As long as you don't be around people.
Wow, a six-pack, a haystack.
And a 12-pack abs.
Well, that's anatomically impossible, Doctor.
It may be, but if you drink enough of this new prototype seminary.
There's people living in them as far as you can see.
Perhaps I could interest you in a 1,000-year-old sundial.
But they're camouflaged, so you won't see them.
Stunning.
Stunning.
Stunning.
Stunning.
Stunning.
Stunning.
Stunning.
Stunning.

Stunning.


Stunning.
Stunning.




Stunning.
Stunning.
Stunning.
From PR News in Washington, I'm killing people dead.
Many of the people killed say they may not have survived.
From PR News in Washington, I decided to postpone attacks for six months to restock for more
attacks against an international peacekeeping force in war-torn Washington.
For PR News, I'm in an upscale neighborhood.
For PR News, I'm screaming and crying in the alley.
For PR News, I'm in an upscale neighborhood.
For PR News in Washington, I'm dying because of a problem with insulation.
If you are one of these people, thank you so much.
So what else happening in the news?
Let's go to Reuters.
Reuters?
No, man.
Those guys are communists.
No, no news.
No news.
They are evil, foul-skinned, foul-fleshed.
News bad.
Really?
The Reuters are the communists?
No, no.
Oh, that's why they use them on NPR, huh?
Right.
Anybody who says something that the State Department doesn't want to say happens.
There's national politics.
Is the public radio really run by the communists?
It's run by the bath separatists.
The bath separatists?
Right.
Is it really?
They want their bath and their water in their own separate tubs.
Now, what's the deal with this bath party?
Because, like, what's the problem with a bath party?
Really?
What is the problem?
You know, everybody opts in and...
I don't understand.
I think it's the pronunciation.
It's the...
Why are they so evil?
The bath.
Why did they end up in the axis of evil?
Well, because they believe...
It's a bunch of hot tub or swingers or something.
Right.
They believe in communal sharing of the tub and the feces therein.
The bath party.
Although most of the people appear to confine their preferences to the main river,
not a few of them prefer the American G.I. to the Thames.
Today can be your day of the year.
PR's General John visited 7,000 strong Iraqi soldiers.
At the President's Ranch in Texas this morning.
Some were similar to the ones presented this year in a generally pessimistic landscape.
Israel refused to accept the return of a joint for the Palestinians.
When negotiators discussed for refugees that the Egyptian resort of Taba was the majority view.
Everybody assholes.
Still some of the psychologists linger on.
We call this ignorance.
And the whole goal for me, the whole goal for me was to meet the hot dogs.
And he's not the only one.
The U.S. military in Iraq is meeting with Italians in Iraq.
This fellow now that's pontificating right now.
Oh, here he is.
There he is.
Rumsfeld.
Yeah.
There he is.
Listen to the reception they're giving him in there.
He pounds the table thus.
What's he really has to say?
Zwei!
Von Rumsfeld!
Von Rumsfeld is about to speak to the Volk of the Reich.
Hm-hm-hm.
Well, I...
Well, I don't watch Saturday Night Live very much anymore.
But they did say something funny about the table is there that he's pounding on all the time
to hide the fact that talking about war gives him a boner.
Oh, I was wondering why you were pounding the skull there, the big Yeti skull.
That is a skull and crossbone skull.
This is Geronimo's skull, Daddy-O.
You want to talk esoteric to me?
You think I just carry around a Yeti skull in my bag?
In my little moldy sack?
Well, Geronimo had an awfully big jaw.
I had a quite a...
quite a huge cranium, too, Stang.
Check it out.
Well, Rumsfeld's got a damn weird-looking skull.
He's got fangs, too.
He does.
I'd love to add that one to my collection.
Wow, he looks...
He's more rock than...
He doesn't look like he won there, does he?
He looks like he's doing a show of fangs, doesn't he?
It reminds me a little bit of the Cyclops in Seventh Voyage of Sinbad.
Do you remember Mr. Dithers on Dagwood and Blondie?
Do you remember Dagwood and Blondie?
Yeah.
Yeah, he does look like Mr. Dithers.
The evil Mr. Dithers.
Yeah.
The fangs and stuff, you know?
Arab leaders sought what became known as an Arab dictator.
An innocent child murder dictator of Iraq.
Five months ago, Saddam Hussein started this.
Saddam Hussein systematically raped Margaret Thatcher.
His crimes were committed during this period when he was a friend and a lie.
Hey, I think that guy Hussein's dead, don't you?
What's that?
I think Hussein's dead.
They can't keep a secret much longer.
Dead?
Who's that in the other booth over there?
That's Bob Madigan.
Oh, I see.
How can they keep lying about that without producing him?
Or her.
You mean the original Jesus, yeah.
They should produce him like in a David Copperfield show.
No, no, I'm serious.
Just think of it.
What he's doing is holding up this little Jesus puppet.
Just have a big puff of smoke.
Every time he says that, there's a little Jesus puppet.

Okay, so is that a show?
I mean, is that a show?
Is that what people are paid five bucks to see?
Well, they would.
I tell you now.
They would pony up.
From PR News in Washington, I'm Dwayne.
Guard against news in Washington.
Thanks for joining us.
An audio tape aired today on Arabic language stations
purporting to be a message from Saddam Hussein.
We're asking America to be ready.
And we will be ready.
Bye-bye!
It's part of an international effort to support Savannah, Georgia.
PR News stood in the burning sun to get $100 U.S.

There's another wave of bombing just starting.
This is the first time anybody's seen a war like this.
Britain still hasn't formally declared war on Iraq.
Apparently the Foreign Office nowadays considers it a bit old-fashioned.
Mr. Ambassador, you have virtually the entire world community ranged against you.
It is an American game.
At this point, I'm not looking through my goggles on the TV screen.
I gave the code word, get some.
Mr. Ambassador, we bid you good morning.
Get some.
AWACS plate packed with computer equipment.
Get some.
Twelve hours of arms and everything else over the Chrome system.



And a baixo to help control the battle.
aggressive
Iraqi soldiers ran through the crosshairs.
towards the front
Where would he be?
Get some.

Many help them out.
Aww atrocities.
It's okay
Allow yourself a little hate
Hatred is not so bad
When directed at injustice
You can turn the other cheek
Just don't turn the other way
Enemy of the planet
We finally have a dominant
A reason to forget about
Our differences
And stand as a united front
It's up to us we must dispose
Humiliate American terrorists
We'll start with one
We'll start with one

The war has just begun
The war has just begun
The war has just begun
This god who lived in the jungles of Brazil
He had four fofos
The size of basketballs
And you in your pathetic little city box
You hide away in your shadows
And your little jobs
And your lunchbox
Your dying pogballs
You know nothing of the great fofos
We're determined
By that man god
Mongo Fofo
By the stick of providence
Well boys I reckon this is it
Nuclear combat
Toad and Toad with the Ruskies
What's he doing?
Yee-haw!
Yee-haw!
Woo-hoo!
I kind of miss the Cold War sometimes
It was so much cooler
Yeah, it was so frosty, man
It's like chill, you know?
Hey, what about Mitchie Kong?
Ah!
Ah!

A true Texan
Well, boy, God will know how much longer
Oklahomans can't do that
Or Arkansanians can't do that
Louisiana people can't do it
New Mexico can't do it
They can't even do it in Mexico
That's a Texas yell, boy
That ain't a rebel yet
That's a Texas cowboy hootin' holler
That's what we do when we ride those nuclear weapons
Ah!
Ah!
When you have to shoot, shoot, don't talk
Patriotic duty
Yes, patriotism, one man once said
Is the last refuge of a scoundrel
But here in America
Well, the truth is I don't know you
We prefer to give all scoundrels refuge
I was thinking that if we were to get to know each other
What if what?
What if we just might hit it off?
So I was wondering if you wanted to go get a cup of coffee?
Well, I'm just not sure about
Yeah, what, okay, no
Do you have a computer?
Well, look, we can't be sure about anything
Do you have an editing deck?
Do you have a software for real-time capture?
Do you have a...
Well, a real-time capture
Now, that could be good
That could be like the time control
They were promised in the...
Wow
Never touch the stuff
Want a hit?
No, okay, sure
No, no, don't hit me, please
I can't, I can't stand it
There's some of this, huh?
Oh, well, I guess this isn't bad
This guy in a mullet driving a Camaro brought it over
My God
I'd like some fresh mullet
There's some white fighting
I hate to talk about it
The caller, did you hear that?
That's Harry
That's the mullet guy in the Camaro?
Mike Mullet, secret agent and steam shovel operator
Excuse me, the caller here is breathing some bad air
Marijuana's illegal, isn't it?
Yes, marijuana is illegal
What?
I guess so
I bet you didn't know that
Who's gonna stop anybody from smoking it?
Who?
Well, if parents should talk about it
There's no laughing matter, young man
I should have told her about marijuana
I'd wipe that smirk off my face if I were you, son
I failed to see the humor in this situation
What are we up to?
What's going on?
I can't say anything
All right, now, who did what first?
I want names, I want facts, and I don't want anything else
I'm not talking to you
We'll start with you
Who's you?
I don't know
Like, like you
It was in the past
Question, do you know what's bought by rapists?





erfret

It irons every Sunday
Thanks for watching
but the answer is a b barely
Enough up there
my apps don't frankly ...
There was no one left to notice when they came for us
Looks like witches aren't seasoned
You better fly your flag and be aware
Of anyone who might fit the description
Diversity is now our biggest fear
Now when our conversations tap
And our differences expose
How you're supposed to love your neighbor
With our minds and curtains closed
We used to worry about big brother
Now we've got a big father
And an even bigger mother
And you still believe
This aristocracy gives a fuck about you
They put the mark
In democracy
And you swallow every hook
The sad truth is
You'd rather follow the school
Or do the net
Cause swimming alone at sea
Is not the kind of freedom
That you actually want
So go back to your crib
And suck on a tit
Bask in the warmth of your diaper
You're sitting in shit and piss
While sucking on a giant pacifier
A country of honey
Adulterous bits
A legion of mental midgets
A country of adulterous bits
A country of adulterous bits
Are regaining their
Unconsciousness
Are regaining their Unconsciousness
Are regaining their Unconsciousness
Are regaining their Unconsciousness
Are regaining their Unconsciousness
You know, speaking of crazy governments and news
and wars and rumors of SARS and all that
The old radical Paul Krasner was at Starwood
He was supposed to give a talk on
The funny side of World War III
That was the title of it
And he had a lot of interesting and funny stuff to say
But in the end people were going
Well what should we do Mr. Krasner?
And he basically said
Oh I can't tell you I've kind of given up
It's up to you children
Yeah, coming from Paul Krasner
That was kind of a sobering
Every generation has to, you know
Figure out their own path I guess
Get off earth
Get off
When the missile fell in the upper floor
The cars were blown because of the pressure of the bombing
The people had no way to go out
Two cold water containers as well as two boilers exploded
As in the upper floor people were burned to death
Here in the lower floor people died
In very high debris of boiling water
Here you can see the water level is very high
The water level which flooded the lower floor
On the walls you can see the remains of hair
Of human flesh and some parts of the body
The people who were boiled to death
Ahhhh
Really really white people
And they look like a shit
They look like a piece of paper man
So so
Is it for trendy young people?
Albinites
Albinites
Albinos
Geez
They could be
Yeah they're all like 20
Who else can afford $200 a pop to go to a dance club but the albinos?
That's the newest caste
The high caste is now the albinites
Didn't you know that?
Here they are, listen to them
They're guarding Vice President Trump
Around his house where you hear the explosions go off in the basement every night over there
Where that was in Maryland I guess
And what a group they are too
They're all armed to the teeth with fairy whistles
And pink, those little pink triscuits that you hang cheese from
And pieces of their own brains which is very very frightening to the enemy
You know I wish I could afford those kind of guards
But if I can't afford them it'd be cool to be one
He volunteered for a beer run
He became President of the United States
That about sums it up, I must say that was very succinct
He volunteered for a beer run and wound up President of the United States
George W. Bush, that's how he did it too
Well, yeah it helps to be born son of the
Of the living son
President who had been the head of the secret police of the country
Yeah that always helps
But you know they don't make such a big deal of it down in South America
And like the Balkan countries or
You know places just a little south of the West Coast
Ood, Ood, uh, Kusei Bush
Yeah
Son, Kusei and Abuday
It was so funny when they were making those allusions to
What kind of regime would have a father with his sons as his henchmen
Well what the hell kind of regime
What kind of regime would have his daughters as drunks all over the streets
Well hey
He just can't control them, he's killing people
He's a Texan, he can't blame a
He's trying to rule the world man
He can't blame a Texan for that
He's trying to rule the world man
He's trying to rule the world
He can't rule his girlies
You know Chas, now you can make fun of Texans
But they have been ruling the world on and off quite a lot lately
Yeah this guy uses a lot of LBJ's tricks
I'm an oldster so I know
I've heard about them and read about them in the books too
The Gulf of Twacky
Remember Arkansas considered Texan
No
Those are
That's pretty good
That's like they're like poe books
They probably have an Arkes
They call them Arkes
Well before that there was that one term Texan
And I don't think Ronnie was a Texan in any way
No
No he was a Texan in every way
Actually there hasn't been a Texan in the White House for quite a while except for the Bushes
The Bush Empire that's been going on for a thousand years, they've changed time
A thousand years
You've been plugged into a machine in the Matrix and think that the Bushes have only been in for
Back in the Revolution
About ten years
During the Revolutionary War the Bush family was going back to the Bush family

And you're back in the Bush family
But you people in America all year you think you run the world
Yeah you fools
What about Al Balsam
It's running you
America won't last longer and it's gonna, don't worry it ain't gonna last long
Third world will rise up
Like a cuckoo clock
You think it'll be south against the north only
No no it'll just be the third world
It'll just be all them job people living down there going we love no fight
And they'll be the only ones left
They'll be saying we hungry give me some fat
They'll be saying we hungry give me some fat
They'll be saying we hungry give me some stick
They'll say we hungry give me machete
And then eventually say we hungry give me those rock and roll grenades
No they'll say we got munchies
We got munchies
Like literally
Eat banana
Well they're gonna take all the trees they eat those bananas from and turn them into oil derricks
Right those guys will be in the slave mines
And pull those heretics
Yes they are
No no
They're just pigs in the trough
They're all gonna die
Pardon me
They're all gonna die
I am one of those pigs and I don't intend to be a slave










I'm gonna be a slave to die anytime soon
Oh those fat old Americans
To the third chakra from the sun
They think they run everything
Welcome to the funny farm where we're the sheeple and you're the incidental authorities figured in
Oh of course the gnomes of Zurich run everything
Hey Tony Blair what's it like to sniff US presidential penis
Yeah really what's it like to get your nose up in Georgie's colon
Who's the guy who's gonna save the world
Where are those weapons of mass default BP
Hey well didn't didn't um Kuse say that he was gonna reveal where the the secret the big secret of the weapons
Yeah
Yeah because everybody's been going well where are they now
Is he in custody
And oh and their favorite quote is
Is he in custody
No
American custody
No Abu Daj in custody
No really
No I'm saying Bush
Is one of the sons in custody
Kuse Bush
Kuse Bush
He said that he said that he was gonna reveal the
The
The uh the secret of the
The secret of the
The secret of the arms
Yeah really
When
Yeah
I don't know but what they keep saying is that uh
Well nobody's found Saddam Hussein yet but that doesn't mean he doesn't exist
Well they
But one guy
They're saying these documents were all forged and then they're saying no they're not
And then they say well here's the proof they're all forged and they go no they're not
So what kind of world is that that I'm living in right now can you help me out
The bigger the lie
The kind of world
The better the pill goes down
The better the pill goes down
I'm not sure they'll be a black van waiting for us downstairs
Well not today
Well not today
But maybe tomorrow
Yeah we keep waiting
And they haven't
All they've done is tap our phones and photograph us and and they've been bored they've been frankly bored
Oh there's a little masturbate again for Christ's sake this guy won't quit I don't know what his problem is
I thought they were gonna be making vines
I passed you my coffee over there did you eat my donut Jesus Christ
Yeah
They're all in the van outside of our houses
Going
Oh my God all they do is talk about monster movies and crap
I thought there was gonna be bombs
Wish they could smoke
Yeah they talk about girls and and and the gossip
Oh didn't you hear the donuts were poison they made everybody sick
Yeah they made them sick alright they made them sick where it counts
In the first and second third and fourth degrees
No those were the
High trees
Real detectives
And real donuts too
Real donuts real detectives
Real cherrypie
At the sign of the falling tree
You're listening to WCSB Cleveland
I'm almost gonna die
When it's time for me to die
I'm almost gonna die
I'm almost gonna die
I'm almost gonna die
I'm almost gonna die
I'm almost gonna die
When it's time for me to die
I don't wanna live my life the way I want to
For real cause it's your pain when you feel it
It is your blood when you bleed
It is your loss when you lose
Agree or disagree
That's why when you talk it
Is through your own teeth
And when you got stuck in feelings




to walk it is with your own feet remember that when it's your grief and it's you that feels the
heat infestation of these people itching to critique about success they stress and sneer
at your defeats don't need no raised eyebrows or looks of disbelief now fuck all the deceit that
they all got up in them nobody fight your battles it's you who gots to win them when you feel like
everybody wants to see you in ruin no pain no never mind keep on doing what you're doing
it's your soul that is
rambling your life you have to plan that no one else will do the program so imagine
why people won't in your soul proper and proper our best friends are always trying to stop you
sit back relax and your lazy boy rock and make them the ones that ponder on how they gonna top
you well it's a shame when it's time to pass the blame you take it frame by frame when it's time
to play the game and know it's never the same when it's them that's in the rain that's you who gets
a cane it's you who feels the pain or the stain when your face down in the grass so everybody
got to
around and raise your glass cause no one's gonna die a death when it's time to pass so
live like you feel and tell them to kiss your ass
i'm always gonna die when it's time for me to die
live my life the way i want to
i'm always gonna die when it's time for me to die
live my life the way i want to
that was molotov
have you heard the news from the extreme radio oh yes george bush and all of the boys in the
old skull and crossbones are going to have a big old poop off with some weird i'd rather take
jamaican musicians but but dave but are you saying that the iraq the war in iraq was truly
actually about an ancient artifact an ancient sculpture
or something like that
or some weird ritual some some chant or incantation some i don't know if they got the spirit
yeah sumerian some sumerian sex goddess which is capable of turning the walls you've never
ruined to hosca silvish and all that stuff like that you know and you mean they have unearthed
the key i think they've unearthed the key to the elder not the elder the ancient ones yes
the gateway the gate to absurde to the abyss below and some people seem pretty upset by all of the
my god
my god
better than your dog my god's better because he gets your dog
my god's better because he gets yours
there's no values anymore uh well there's some good value you can't get a good value in cuss words
you can get a value meal at mcdogg's you can hang out you know afterwards and and uh wait to be shot
you could join the police force
yeah yeah
yeah yeah no yeah no yeah no
you get to wear uniforms and carry bags bag bag jiggas as well
we get to wear uh the old jack boots the old clamming flamming jack boots
we get to wear swat helmets man and swat flies while we wait around for something to happen
and we can make something happen if we have the time but we've run out of time
i've got a plague we can make a lot happen for about three weeks
we can make a lot happen for about three weeks
until next week though
keep your hat on tight
monkey packs
back to the wind
lime spiders
and your mongo ass in the satem
mongo just a pawn in game of life
stay only on game of life
no one knows how funny it is
friends this hour of slack was done by a bunch of people
starting with mr fernando nande limer
the prolific anti-lific man maniac of alt binaries slack
who is these years creating the audiblio collagiastic
zed
and geostasis which season our brew of a soup of a show
as needless to say
eso swamp radio live recordings from the show on wcsb cleveland
formed the quasi-skeleton of this hour of slack
number 904
thanks to host professor chaz smith
lonesome cowboy dave
and princess we are doe
and also this time special thanks to reverend chaz smith
and steve cynic
who uh... saved some of the stuff
on cassette tape
that we lost on cd
uh... the punk band represented here tonight in three different songs
was uh... no fx
my latest short duration personal savior
all of this stuff was from an album called
war on errorism
the very first song in the show
find out
was
by occupant
actually it's a cover of a devo song
by occupant
which includes our own uncle onan cannobite
puzzling evidence
and dr howell with dr phylo drummond
were the ones performing the sound effect and vocal surgery
from the show that refuses to have a name
on kpfa in berkeley california
where else
molotov did the last punk song of the show
i'm the one that's gonna die for it
i want it's time for me to die
that's another short duration personal savior band for me lately
molotov
from their album
dance and
dense denso
reverend
charto
contributed the very british sounding bbc cut ups
uh... and uh...
oh and the really really intense anti-war collage musical pieces were from a
collection called the fire this time
the fire this time






which you might want to look up on the world wide web the fire this time
the clips used here included excerpts from longer pieces by afex twin
barbed
pan sonic and speedy jay
and a special thanks to thank you for taking my call dot com for the prank
on ted koppel during the east coast blackout of two thousand and three which was a fun
and profitable adventure for me personally praise in the name of god i'm not gonna die



involuntarily launcher
significatively king
barbara
mixed from diversity
piano
war
nbern
happiness
Lynn
far
absolutely
and
charles
pasando
the atmosphere
baffling
am ingenious
blaster
1-814-17 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
I'm surprised you tried to kill Dad.
Here's my little daughter.
He's all cracked down. Go for it and good luck.
There he goes.
Okay, let's see what we have here.
Oh, I'm sorry. Dog is still breathing.
Would you like to try again?
This concludes operations under the emergency hour of Slack system.
All broadcast stations may resume normal operations.
Do you understand now?
It was only a joke.
Now I know how funny it is.
Thank you.
