From PR News in Washington, I'm convicted of raping a cocktail waitress during PR News.
A damaged judge in Santa Maria, California, jumped again last week, a step that officials hope will quell PR News in Washington.
This is PR News.
You're all for sale.
This is PR News.
You're all for sale.
Okay.
Okay, boys.
Okay.
Okay.
That's right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Careful now.
That's right.
Ah, there you go.

you are. Beautiful day. His word is our command. We don't want to interrupt the late show. It's
usually pretty good. Don't tell me you have time to listen. Well, we sometimes tune in when things
are quiet. No one can tell when, where, or even how Plan B is operational. Some job that driver's
got, shipping atomic bombs around. It's not a bomb. It's a nuclear device for civil use.
What's the difference?
And I believe that I have Bob Dobbs, who is with the New York Transit Authority, with us.
Mr. Dobbs, can you hear me?
And I believe, and I believe Bob Dobbs.
Mr. Dobbs, can you hear me?
High in the sky, high in the sky.
Mr. Dobbs, I'm afraid I'm losing you, and I thank you very much, very much, very much.
Here's a man with a message.
Sneezing is a crime punishable by death.
Dumbfounding, disifying, diverse data.
And here he is in person, Bob.
A woman said she received a permanent wave free of charge.
Yes, mother.
Watching the rain.
Watching the rain?
The rain is Mother Nature's tears.
She's crying for all the little children that are dying all over the world.
Let her live in her dream world a while longer.
Dumb.
God.
Dumb.
God.
Well, have you seen him?
Well, I'm sure I don't know.
I'll just let the Lord guide me.
Dumb.
God.
Dumb.
God.
Well, have you seen him?
According to Schopenhauer.
Dumb.
God.
Dumb.
God.
Well, have you seen him?
What would the Lord say?
Get up!
Give me liberty!
Oh, give me...
The boy scouts, the campfire girls, scourge of mankind.
What do you mean?
I don't follow you, Doc.
Intellect is invisible to the man who has none.
Well, I...
Don't follow you, Doc.
I'm sane and bored.
That's very interesting, Dr. Gillespie.
And who is Schopenhauer?
No, he went in for happy endings.
I'm bored.
Case of a missing mind.
Murder by experts.
What am I doing in a nut house?
They look at me queer.
This strange-looking character walks into my life.
Good morning, friend.
Did you ever dream?
No, here's Mr. Gillespie.
Mr. Queer's sitting beside me.
Call me Aladdin.
Huh?
Hot shake, you.
Aladdin?
Yes.
Would you like to try my magic lamp?
What is it you dream when you dream?
Your heart's desire.
You're dealing strictly with a query.
And there it is.
You know, the highly-boily.
Let me go!
Let me go!
Is this your man, Doc?
Yes.
Such a thing shouldn't happen to a dog.
Such a thing shouldn't happen to a dog.
Such a thing shouldn't happen to a dog.
Such a thing shouldn't happen to a dog.
Such a thing shouldn't happen to a dog.
You can call in and fight evil.
UnadulteratedManhood.com
The King of Cool.
The Captain of Happening.
The Sultan of Slack.
I want to get into this whole subgenius slack thing,
It's called the Church of the Subgenius
An anti-cult, but it's some sort of cult
Cult or anti-cult
It's called the Church of the Subgenius
This guy
Called Bob
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob
The Sultan of Slack
Slack, I don't know Slack
In the ASOS, so I listened to this Slack
And
They left me no clue as to what
What the fuck it is
Wow, look at her tits
They are enormous
How can they be showing so much tit
Without showing any nipple at all
I don't know man
I'm a little confused
Is it really for weirdos
Subgenius
Do they have
Sex
That sounds very culty to me
What is the conspiracy
Okay, what is the Slack
Tell me what the Slack is
The Sultan of Slack
So this is sort of
An anti-consumer
A consumerism
Institution
I don't get it
I've already found the truth
The Sultan of Slack
You're letting your subgenius
Your freak flag fly baby
You have subgenius right there
Wave it, wave it
You scare me, you scare me a little bit
Is there any cult activity
My IQ is under 100
Do you do any of this Slack
Ricky Retardo
The Sultan of Slack
This guy
Called Bob
Bob Dom's
The Sultan of Slack
Wow look at those tits
So anyway friends I'm a preacher of habit
So forgive me if I repeat some of the stuff
That I said yesterday
If any of you were here
But the thing is
The Church of the Subgenius isn't just stupid showbiz
It really is also a religion
And
Like the Bible
I mean look you don't add new stuff
To the Bible
And that's why we do not add new stuff
To Bob's work
Bob talked about Slack
Which none of us have enough of
And he never would say what it was
Because only we individually know what it is
He talked about the conspiracy
Which is everybody you hate
Simple as that
Really you know to get down to it
And the fact that the world ends July 5th 1998
At 7 o'clock in the morning
None of that has changed
Because you just don't
I mean it is a religion
We of course are still expecting
The men from Planet X
To arrive on Planet Earth
On July 5th 1998
It's just that
The conspiracy has obviously been
Manipulating calendars and so forth
For so long
Just to discredit Bob
And make us look stupid
Last 1998
And every succeeding year since then
At 7 o'clock in the morning on July 5th
I actually have stood there
At Brushwood
Every July 5th since 1998
Usually with about
Oh 20 to 30 people around
Waiting to see
How I'm going to handle it
And it's over the years
It has matured and evolved
I think the last time I ended up saying
That all reality was nothing
After the Exists again didn't arrive
And destroy the unbelievers
And lift up the subgeniuses
I went into some
Thing about how
The universe is nothing but a big mechanistic
Chemically driven
Set of
Computations
It's all just
Meaningless
Random evolution in the void
And so forth
I thought it was pretty funny myself
You know you gotta do something
Yes dear friends
A little bit of preaching there
From Winter Star
A symposium
To get more information about Winter Star
At Rosencomet.com
Before that
We heard a
Nor-El-Pref cut up
Of um well
We'll hear more of that show
It's kind of a
You'll see
Nor-El-Pref did I say
Is available at
Heavyconfetti.com
There will be a lot of Nor-El-Pref in this show
There already has been some
He's been doing tons of cut ups
And a Lee-Murr
As well
It's gonna be hard to tell sometimes
Which is Lee-Murr
And which is Nor-El-Pref
And friends also KPFA show
From Berkeley
The Puzzling Evidence show
With Dr. Howell
And in the old days Bob Nelson
And Gary DeBrogfran
And Paul Mavridis
All will be here
Oh Reverend Sudasana
Did one of the collages right after the titles there about the atomic
More Nor-El-Pref
We can have a little fun
We can have a little fun
Bob what do you think
Who should never be cloned
Good afternoon thank you for taking my call
There was talk recently of extracting DNA from the shroud
In hopes that they could clone
I think this is a good idea
Because if that was done
And was raised
In such a way
He could take over the world
With his mind control
And with his laser beams
That's amazing
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
Teaching from Bob
His practical first hand knowledge
Comes from more than 20 years
Of dealing with many puzzling
And perplexing issues
Whenever Bob takes time out to teach
His listeners hear tough topics
Taught from the heart
Listen to Bob
Bob
And I'd like to like
And I'd like to like
How do you get that
I love him a lot
Nightmare of you of death in the pool
Wakes me up at a quarter to 3
I'm lying on the floor the night before
With a stranger lying next to me
Hey I don't understand it either
Try this
Kiss of treachery the aching kiss
Before I feed the stench of love
For a younger meat
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Stench of love for younger meat?
The younger meat.
You're taking the words out of context.
I represent Big Brother in the sky.
And I believe that God is my savior.
And that I was put on this earth to do his will.
Stench of love for younger meat.
He's got dark lipstick on.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Provoked nihilism, negativism, and nothingism.
Pelted the police.
You know, just all around being glad.
When he wants to stick a needle in your rear, yet the shot will make you well.
Rude and barbaric.
You're a character.
I'm not sure if I saw you right now if I'd want to turn you over my knee or give you a big hug.
But, but, but, but, um, Bob, I'm sorry for calling you rude.
So, Bob took some of us along to that giant sex toy store in Oklahoma,
intent on buying some naughty birthday apparel for Connie,
but, in usual, he was a little bit more of a sex toy.
In his usual Dobbsian fashion, he started giggling like a demented 12-year-old,
dry-humping the rubber butts, putting butt plugs on his head like devil horns,
and laughing like some mental case,
running around the place with crotchless panties over his suit,
spitting pasties at everyone,
and he finally drank half a bottle of Hotzi McGonigal's lavender love lube
and shot the rest on the floor behind him like James Bond's old Aston Martin,
making the staff who were chasing him slide all over the place.
But as we made our getaway,
he gave us all zebra pattern vibrators.
So it turned out okay,
or at least as okay as it gets when Bob is at the wheel.
My God!
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
www.amara.org






a
a barOR
oh
uh I doesn't have one D
to do. Shake hands with my deputy, Barney Five.
Honey? Uh, Barney,
this is kind of Bob's case,
wouldn't you say, seeing as how he predicted
it and all. I think it'd be right
if he was the one that handled it.
Take care of it right away, Sheriff. Right, Bob.
Well, we'll see you, Bob.
Excuse me.
Bob, come on in. Look who it is, Andy.
I know it's Bob. Evening, Sheriff.
Good evening.
Again?
Come on and sit down, Bob.
Thank you, Ellie. What a hypochondriac.
But luteus maximus.
You have a wonderful sense of humor, Bob.
Yeah, boy.
Did anyone mention the Saturday night social to you, Bob?
Outstanding.
Oh, oh, um, divine.
Right, maybe I better leave.
Yes, I guess you could say that.
Bob's fiancé is arriving next week.
That's right.
Yeah, yeah.
Hiya, Bob.
Find anything, Bob?
Report on the arrival of strangers from outer space.
They were tense young men.
Yeah, and an odd one, too.
More than odd, Bob. Odd Bob, odd Bob.
A man who thinks for himself.
Beat. Beat it.
Beat me, Daddy.
That was a big kick.
That was a big...
Beat. Beat it.
Beat me, Daddy.
That was a big kick.
That was a big...
Come join the fun!
That was a big kick.
That was a big...
Kicked withuk.
Beat me, daddy.
From PR News in Washington, I'm conscious and subordinate and infected and pessimistic and chicken and reserved and stable and attached to a respirator and open to the public and willing to work with PR News in Washington.
WCSB going on the air.
Probably, you know.
I'm afraid of those boxes that kind of fly in circles into your brain.
That's my main concern.
And you notice while you're staring at one of those, you lose all peripheral vision.
That's because the photon gun is pointed at your cerebral cortex, baby.
Really?
Yeah.
I mean, doesn't the term cathode ray tube sound ominous?
Hell yeah.
And that sounds dangerous.
It sounds like a cathode ray tube.
That just sounds like a weapon on a flying saucer.
Maybe it was a cathode ray.
Well, at one time it was.
That was one of the things the UFO people gave us.
In return for a certain number of experiments, subjects, and slaves.
We had to study fire and ice, though, as our philosophical values, as our nurturing system for our minds.
So does that mean that LCD screens are safe?
Hell no.
They have a photon gun.
They have gel.
You know how dangerous that is to your brain?
Yeah.
I find that I get a better buzz off of microwaves.
Or if you're at one of those.
Those microwave transboundary towers for radio stations.
Yeah.
Or cell towers.
Yeah.
Those are, I mean, if you camp out at the base of one of those, you can pick up a pretty good burn.
You don't even need to build a campfire, either.
I've heard that.
You can have my microwave set at crotch level.
When it's real cold, you can take Capri Sun things and tape them to your body and go up to that old microwave for about 20 seconds.
And walk.
And walk away warm for a long time.
That's weird.
But you're only warm on the inside.
You're on the outside.
Yeah, of course.
You don't read enough Whitman.
And there you are walking around in a vacuum-gem suit.
You know?
That's, you know, we're crippled.
We're emotionally and mentally and artistically crippled in this society.
Yeah.
And I don't think anyone's going to disagree with you there.
I feel pretty crippled myself, you know?
I mean, gosh, you know, when I was little, I wanted to write books.
And whatnot.
And where am I now?
I'm doing this show.
And other stuff.
Which just gives away that you've given up on it.
You know?
Instead, I'm doing this.
Man, this is like the death of creativity, what I'm doing here.
I play other people's music.
And other people call in and give me their thoughts.
And that's, you know, it appears on the surface to be some kind of creative endeavor.
But in fact, it's the opposite.
You appear like you're going to be some sort of star.
And basically, you're just an emcee for a bunch of jazz.
You're going to be the jack-offs.
Correct.
Well, but hey, then I take the recordings from it and remix it into my show,
making it even yet another step removed on that ladder of vampirism.
And who even knows whose blood's being sucked by the time it gets done?
Right.
The people that cut up Stang, they cut up Stang's cut-ups.
Ah, something bit me.
Oh, there it went.
You hear like three words, you know?
Three errant words about sociopaths running.
Oh.
You know, and then some errant words about Martians stealing our brains.
And you don't know who is who, and you don't care.
I'm pretty sure my brain's still there.
And that's all that matters when it comes down to it.
Yeah, but doesn't mean that Martians don't control it.
I've still got my half of the brain cell.
What?
I've still got my half of the brain cell, and Princess Wee has the other half.
Hey, you know, between the two halves, you can rub the two halves.
Hello, Princess Wee.
It's collateral.
You can rub the two halves together to generate heat.
You know, that's why, like, if you only have one brain cell,
you're better off cutting it in half.
So at least you can rub them together.
There's always refrigeration.
We have to rub ours a lot.
Well, you know, that's kind of fun.
I mean, I don't know.
That's none of our business, you know, how you rub your brain cells together.
I don't...
Feel the friction of your minds breathing together.
I think that's a private matter.
Princess Wee is using her half of the brain cell to label hour of slack CDs that get mailed out to the sister and brother stations.
And the Martian stations.
Well, that gives off an ozone smell that the pharmaceutical companies can use.
They can tell it's going to be a good show when it's labeled by her.
And they know it's going to be a bad, rushed, hurried piece of crap if it's got my labeling on it.
They put it in a bottle and strap it onto the urine sample, and there you go.
Right.
They walk into the radio station and say, here's another hour of sample.
What kind of child did it?
Now, if she labels them, you don't even have to listen to them.
You can just look at them.
Next time on向emaster.com
A synesthesia radio show there from WCSB in Cleveland.
It's on at 10 o'clock Sunday nights.
Follows the hour of slack on WCSB.org.
With Dr. Sinister and this-time callers LonesomeCowboyDave, Governor Rocknar, Sloth and yours truly.
Before that, Lee Merrs...PR News.
Before that, Norel Kreps...BeatMeDaddy and a bunch of collages.
by Norel Pref and collages by Lee Murr.
That song, Program, was by Stylex.
More from them at stylexohio.com.
The rant before that about the Dobbs sex trip
was hell-po-pooey.
And, of course, tons of Norel Pref was in there
and now follows.
Free markets, what does that mean?
Everything is commercialized.
Free markets, what does that mean?
We annihilate our enemies.
Free markets, what does that mean?
Con the serfs back into serfdom.
Free markets, what does that mean?
Corporate welfare.
Free markets, what does that mean?
In other words, the formula that has enabled them
to a certain extent,
the formula they're relying on won't change.
Free markets, what does that mean?
Corporate money.
We have, to date, never seen such cheating.
Free markets, what does that mean?
Money for power, power for money.
Free markets, what does that mean?
Cops and robbers. This is about the abuse of power.
Free markets, what does that mean?
Debt, debt, debt, debt.
Two to five trillion dollar deficit.
Good effort.
Yes, it's the Good Effort Show, where we recognize those citizens
who show good effort and citizenship.
Our first good effort is little Bobby Brundage
who was trod on by a cart horse while watching the Budweiser Clydesdale
smash in the Thanksgiving Day Parade.
Good effort, Bobby.
And here's Bobby's body being shown on display.
Oh, disgusting, isn't it?
Well, we'll wipe that away and show you the next Good Effort winner.
Yes, and our second award today goes to little Norman Darnini
who made the attempt at being a high school athlete
and ended up, well, in a funny little chair.
Well, she's thinner-sized.
But he can go anywhere.
That's not a pleasant sight.
Good effort, Norman.
Good effort, Norman. Thanks a lot for the slide.
Okay, here's our third winner.
And our final good effort is Palmer from Reader's.
Yes, Palmer attempted to couple with another human being
of an opposite species.
Armageddon!
But they let Strange and Jeremy


Never.
Or the same Chelsea.
Sure.
Stop it.
It's Siebel- decorations.
Yes.
Why don't you ask me?

with women all across this country.
Practice their love
with women all across this country.
You're free, and freedom is beautiful.
And, you know, it'll take time
to restore chaos and order,
but we will.
Practice their love
with practice their love
with practice their love
with their love
with their love
with their love.
Oh, freedom.
Oh, freedom.
Oh, freedom over me.
And before I'd be a slave,
I'd be buried in my grave
and go home to my Lord
and be free.
Armageddon!
Armageddon!
Armageddon!
Armageddon!
Armageddon!
Armageddon!
Armageddon!

Armageddon!
Armageddon!
Armageddon!
When knights were bold but still smelled like dookie,
I was a minor slovenly duke in Crap Shire Province
and a heller in pink tights,
despite my reputation for a sharp tongue,
a quick fart,
and a half-concealed dirk.
I once slugged it out in chain mail and swords
with a great bladder brain mine own size,
cursing right demonic over a wench
of dubious regard but great passion.
After a time, we stopped to catch our breaths,
and I ruined the crowd of giddy onlookers
with my sudden burst of enlightenment,
loudly braying,
Good sirrah, doth this not be Dame Not-That-Goodie,
who hath been recounted as banging the good men of the pub,
the king's guard entire, four milk goats,
a raw head, and a portly chum,
and a tinaman as well?
Uh, aye?
Then why dost we fight?
She be a wagon full of the pox,
and just waiting to attack our manly parts.
Let us spit on her doorway,
fight no more,
and have an ale on me.
And although I later learned that he had befouled a visiting cabin boy
whose legs were too bandied from sea life
to escape him as the local stable sweepers did,
we were stout friends from that day forward.
Yes, t'was a great fall fest.
I'm a dauber,
you're a dauber,
she's a dauber,
we're a dauber,
wouldn't you like to be a dauber too?
You're a dauber,
be a ba-dauber,
I'm a dauber,
be a bop-dauber,
we're a bauber,
be a ba-dauber,
I'm a dauber,
be a bop-dauber.
Yeah, you're, I think because of that song,
you're a pooter.
It's enough to make me feel squeamish with inclinations
to squander my
peakness and sudden spurts of
slings.
And I think it's time to
which we hereby testify in the name of J.R. Bob Dogg.
Oh my God.
What's the hollow pill?
Just blew the top of his head right off.
Hi.
How you doing?
Great.
How you doing?
Great.
How you doing?
Great.
Today we're going to be talking about...
How you doing?
Great.
I think it's kind of funny.
Lick, lick, lick, lick profitability.
Joint, joint, joint, joint.
Absolutely.
Setting targets.
Targets.
We can deconstruct.
That process is entirely disconnected.
Shoot first and ask questions later.
The status quo is this.
Customer migration.
People don't think product is wrong.
Then we can start thinking about
we never really have a dialogue.
These folks speak different languages.
How you doing?
Great.
English.
Pig dogs.
All right.

Sing.
English.
Pig dogs.
Tar clients get excited after oneажу day.
Very funny.
And now a
reminder about
기자sheliyorius.de


the
If you have taken the advice we've been giving you recently, it will not give you much protection.
So, waste time. Start now.
A good place is a cupboard under the stairs. Start now.
Start right away making your family as safe as possible like this.
First, cover them with boards or doors or dense materials if possible.
To help you, we will remind you once again about dense containers of earth or sand.
Stop them slipping down the wall by nailing containers of dense sand to the floor like this.
Like this.
Well, looks like next week is questionable.
Week after that, though, is looking very pretty.
Things are getting sicker for the launch.
Worse and worse.
You know, there is another shuttle launch due.
And there's a hairline crack in the discovery they just discovered.
Well, why do we have people with physical deformities?
Running our airplanes anyway.
Can't we, you know, get the best of the cream of the, you know, what do they call those guys?
And put asparagus in there.
The creme de la creme.
You know, how can they work in that?
Okay, we're going to let somebody fly a plane who's got a hairlip?
Come on.
Now, during the air traffic controller strike, Dave, you were an air traffic controller briefly, right?
Because you'd had radio experience.
I know. I just had severe radiation therapy of the brain tumor.
But I could pick up.
I could pick up stations.
And so they thought, you know, I could probably work in traffic control.
That's the scariest thing I can imagine.
You worked in there for like a week and a half, didn't you?
I lasted a full week.
Well, it was ten days.
It was longer than most of the professionals last.
Yeah.
And he had fewer accidents than the triant guys.
Yeah.
But they never once sampled my urine.
And it is delicious.
No, they found that we were trying to put the humans in the space.
I think we should just take monkeys and put them back in space.
Air traffic controllers.
And urine samplers.
I've always wanted to, you know, like wine samplers got it easy.
I want to go for something that there's a little bit of a challenge.
Metamorphosis occurs.
What do we mean by metamorphosis?
Metamorphosis occurs.
What do we mean?
Don't make me angry.
You wouldn't like me when I'm angry.
Metamorphosis.
Metamorphosis.
Doctor.
Physician.
Scientist.
Embryo.
All humans have.
Radiation.
What do we mean?
Overdose.
What do we mean?
Overdose.
Overdose.
Overdose.
What do we mean?
The creature is driven by rage.
Metamorphosis.
The world is dead.
Anyway, friends, I don't, um, I actually, I sometimes wonder why I keep being invited to these.
Well, I wasn't invited to this one.
They had a, somebody else crapped out, so I ended up, but I don't.
I don't believe in very much.
I, uh, like many people, uh, did get really deep into, like, studying the paranormal and
different religions and philosophies and so forth.
And then I returned to my childhood religion, which I had rejected for so long, which was
science fiction and monster movies.
And I'm back onto that.
But I, I, not only do I not believe in much, I don't disbelieve in much either.
Uh, because I've been surprised too many times.
The one thing I do disbelieve in is atheism.
I don't believe in atheism.
Because I consider them to be fanatics.
They're so sure.
They know.
They know.
Oh, well, well, might as well be, I mean, really, that's, that's just nuts.
We don't know, you know, to a fish, to a fish in a fish bowl, I mean, you might feed that fish every day.
But it doesn't know who you are.
To the fish, you're not.

You're a cloud that flies by and drops mana into the waters.
And, you know, you're just this, it doesn't know that you're you.
It doesn't know you're, that it's in a fish bowl.
Whose fish bowl are we in?
You know, when Beavis and Butthead are mocking MTV and we're mocking Beavis and Butthead mocking MTV,
who's mocking us mocking Beavis and Butthead mocking MTV, huh?
Let's, uh, let's hope it's Bob.
Because he's got a sense of humor.
I'm from the church of Bob's scientists, my friend.
We're, well, Bob hobbyist laymen.
But Bob crackpot.
Church of Bob comma crackpot.
That's where I'm from.
And, uh, so we, you know, we're into science.
But it's, of course, the forbidden sciences, you know.
We prefer the contradictions that make sense to us.
From PR News in Washington, I'm Washington Peters tomorrow.
John Paul II has received death threats.
Did not take part in the Easter PR News at St. Washington.
You see, sometimes you'll watch those alien movies and the aliens, the creatures from another world will look hideous.
And yet they're the ones you sympathize with.
Why is that?
It's because you, the subgenius, are a Martian.
You are not of this earth.
You are not of this planet.
Now, some places on this planet,
Bug Ball Mars,
seem more right than others.
You just feel more comfortable, more at home.
Isn't that the case?
Well, it's because those places are that much more like the planet that you're supposed to be on.
It's like if you take a mountain and you cut it in half and you see the strata of the different time zones
and the different light years that are inside the mountain's consciousness.
If you open your third face and perceive that to be true,
then it's not a far leap at all to understand that some places on this planet
are more Martian than others.
Maybe for you, it's the forest.
Maybe for another person, it's the city.
There's no contradiction there.
It depends on how much Martian blood flows in your veins.
Yes, the Yeti of ancient history.
The Yetis that founded the United States of America.
And who, on whose dung droppings,
bloomed the flowers of Tibet.
Those self-sane Yetis come not of this world,
but from Mars.
The real Mars, not this fake Mars.
People for centuries have been talking about how the Earth is hollow.
But we've dug and dug and dug.
There's lots of dugs in this church,
and they've all confirmed that this planet that we're on is not hollow.
You can dig all you want, Doug, and it's not going to change things.
But that's because this planet is not hollow.
This planet isn't Earth.
This planet is Mars.
And if you go to the real Earth,
just go to the North Pole,
and Santa will show you
where the entrance is
that the Nazi supersonic hell creatures come out of.
Santa Claus conquers the Martians.
How can that be?
How can Santa have the power to conquer the Martians
when he doesn't live on the fourth planet?
Unless he does,
and that's how he delivers presents every year
to all the good subgeniuses on this planet,
which is Mars.
To the Earth.
To the Earth.
From PR News in Washington,
I'm using the Internet to access child PR.
The 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals grew at a rate of 3.8%
after the election.
After Saddam Hussein's feeding tube was removed from Cedar Rapids, Iowa today,
President Bush wants more than 17,000 nuclear feeding tubes in Washington.
The existence of the Bush administration was a secret until three years ago.
The U.N. Human Rights Commission hopes this is war.
On Wall Street 6, 1055, 131779.
This is PR's PR News.
My friends,
I want to speak to you today about the glory of Bob.
But many out here are afraid of Bob.
Many think Bob is helping the conspiracy.
Many think Bob wants to steal your slack.
These so-called subgenius,
I think the reason Bob has such an unlimited supply of slack
is because he's unknowingly taken it.
He's taken it away from the subgenius.
Well, my friend,
let's find out.
The Church of the Subgenius said,
Bob is fill in the blank.
Thus Bob is a conspiracy,
for Bob is a con man.
You don't think his wife's name is Connie for nothing, do you?
Bob is slack, my friend.
Put that in your pipe and smoke it.
That's right.
Bob is slack and the con.
Bob is what you think he is
and you'll pay to know what you really think, won't you?
If you fear Bob,
then you will see.
Bob is the ultimate con man.
You will see Bob is a mastermind of the conspiracy.
Yes, Bob has his hand in the pockets of the conspiracy so deep,
they don't even remember when those hands got there.
Bob runs a conspiracy when he wants to
and that means he runs you too, my friend.
However, if you love Bob,
then you know that Bob is talking back slack directly from the conspiracy
to give it to deservants of geni.
Note, I said deserving.
Do you deserve Bob's lovin' slack?
Well, you've got to pay your dues.
Send $30 to the Subgenius Foundation, Inc.
P.O. Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118
And find the Bob within you
before you can know that Bob loves you.
You can find Bob within you.
You are Bob.
That's right, we are all one with Bob, my friend.
The family of the subgenius is a very mixed bag.
But Bob is a selfish guy and Bob loves himself.
Bob gives himself to the newest, hippest, most pure slack.
That can be yours.
Do you want unlimited slack?
Now I know a lot of this may sound cliché,
but let me tell you, Bob is fill in the blank.
So what do you want?
Do you want to love Bob or do you want to fear him?
As long as you're afraid of Bob, then by dives he'll steal your slack
and give it to the conspiracy.
He'll take you for everything you've got
and leave you shuddering, a quivering husk.
Bob is the monster under the bed.
Bob is the dark forces inside your head.
Bob is the three-headed monster with eight limbs, one eyeball,
and a huge devouring mouth ready to eat you whole.
Until you see Bob in all his hideousness and accept him for what he is,
then and only then will Bob reveal the secrets of the church.
This is Subgnosis, my friends.
The knowledge of under things.
This is the revelation of Bob.
Look in the mirror.
Praise Bob.
Revelation of Bob, dear friends.
That was preaching by Reverend Paul Frederick
and music by E. Misenmeier.
Who is in the background?
Misenmeier's band Asmodeus is in the background of this
and you can get more information about that from LatexRecords.com.
Before that, we heard Leemur's PR news and Dr. Onan Kenobite on the road.
A little preaching from Winterstar.
Metamorphosis by Noor Elpref.
Before that, some radio synesthesia.
A whole bunch of Leemur and KPFA, old-timey show with callers and puzzling evidence and so forth.
And the Knights of Old Thing was by Helpo Pui.
And now, a little bit by Reverend Shane Steele.
And then, Smurker followed by Noor El.
And then, more Shane Smurker.
And then, the Detroit Revival.
And then, some Leemur.
And now for Shane Smurker.
When you say Bob, you've said a lot of things nobody else can say.
When you say Bob, you've gone as far as you can go to get the very best.
When you say Bob,
you've said the word that means he'd like to do it all.
When you say Bob, it means you want the number one.
When you say Bob, you tell the world you know what makes it all the way.
When you say Bob, you say you care enough to only want the kings.
There is no other one. There's only something less.
Because the king of-
Is leading all the rest, when you say Bob.
You've said it all.
Subject, this evening.
Subject, this evening.
So we see-
The Delta of Fornication.
First John, Filthy.
All the way down, that's where he's hanging over there.
he was wearing a robe, so I hid purple.
Speaking lies and hypocrisy.
That's what'll come across the television screen.
Verse one.
I've seen the Lord.
I can tell you how he was dressed.
I've seen the Lord.
I can tell you how he was dressed.
I can tell you how he was dressed.
I cannot dig.
What am I gonna do with my life?
I cannot dig.
What am I gonna do with my life?
I wanted some of those cookies,
and she gave me one cookie,
and I wasn't satisfied with one cookie.
And I wanted some of those cookies,
and she gave me one cookie,
and I wasn't satisfied with one cookie.
Adultery, fornication, or adultery, or fornication,
or adultery, or fornication, or adultery, or fornication.
And the children of Israel took all the women
of Midian captives and their little ones,
and they took the spoil of all their cattle
and all their flocks and all their goods.
And they burnt all their cities wherein they dwelt
and all their goodly castles with fire.
And they took all the spoil
and all the prey both of men and of beasts.
And they brought the captives and the prey and the spoil
unto Moses and Eliezer the priest,
and unto the congregation of the children of Israel,
unto the camp at the plains of Moab,
which are by Jordan near Jericho.
And Moses said unto them,
Have ye saved all the women alive?
Behold, these caused the children of Israel
through the counsel of Balaam to commit trespass
against the Lord in the matter of Peor.
And there was a plague among the congregation of the Lord.
Now therefore, kill every male
among the little ones,
and kill every woman that hath known man by lying with him.
But all the women children that have not known a man
by lying with him, keep alive for yourselves.
And do ye abide without the camp seven days.
Whosoever hath killed any person,
and whosoever hath touched any slain,
purify both yourselves and your captives
on the third day and on the seventh day.
And purify all your raiment, and all that is made of skins,
and all work of goat's hair, and all things made of wood.
From PR News in Washington, I'm Classified.
But flawed.
The Supreme Court has again rejected a brain-damaged PR News.
Connecticut's House of Representatives has rejected an attempt to abolish the state's
PR News penalty in Washington.
And I haven't slept in five days.
Do you notice I look fairly energetic, don't I?
I may not be making any sense, but I've shown.
Actually, believe it or not, I have slept.
Yes, I do.
There was a time I've been preaching slack for 25 years.
For 20 of those years, I was preaching slack.
Because I was asking for slack.
I was trying to get slack.
Five years ago, something finally sunk in.
Slack is not something you go out and get.
Slack is something you already have.
You just have to recognize it.
And not me, not Bob, not your boss, not your school teacher,
your mom and dad, not your kids.
None of them can tell you what slack is.
Those magazine ads, those Playboy magazines, your drugs, all that fun stuff, will not tell
you what slack is for you.
You'll know it when you get it.
Or, or you'll know it when you lose it.
That's the sad thing.
So many have slack until they, and then when they lose it, that's the first time they ever
recognize it.
They suddenly go, God damn, I've been griping and wimping, whining all this, all these years,
because I didn't have slack.
The whole time I had it, I had it and it was right in front of me.
Until that thing happened.
That bad luck.
Or that mistake.
For further information about Slack and how you can protect yourself against it, consult
your local Self Genius.
Slack is contagious.
You can find it on the web.


The most dangerous period is the first 24 hours after
SWAT arrives.
But you might have two weeks.
Wavering sound.
From PR News in Washington, I'm kept alive through feeding and hydration.
A Presidential Commission's report says the Vatican was a violation of the sacred nature
of PR.
The essence of civilization is that the weak should be in the favor of life.
Mr. Bush said, all the people who are in the middle of the world, they're the ones who
are in the middle of the world.
All Americans should live at the mercy of PR News, Washington.
PR's Jewish, Muslim and Christian religious leaders are joining for an international gay
festival in Jerusalem this summer.
The festival, called World Pride, would damage the holiness of PR News, Washington.
Hello, not.
Somebody, hello?
What?
Mistake.
Hello?
Excuse me.
Hello there?
Somebody, somebody wanted to young today.
The observation that nature.
Yes.










Somebody wanted too young today.
Hello?
What?
55.
We're seeing in the background the spud farmers and skull farmers have joined us once again.
Liquid slack.
Oh, here we go.
Another cup for you, listener.
Here you go.
Let me hand it to the speaker here.
Yeah.
Careful, don't spill.
Okay.
I'm sorry your script didn't get here in time for the show.
We didn't even know we were going to be on the show.







We're going to be on tonight.
Is there anything we can do?

The way it goes.
We're blasting the Westers.
Oh, sir.
Oh, God.
West, white color meat.
Same color paper.
Yeah, if they just pour it up and put it somewhere I feel it'll safer.
Oh, sir.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
Oh.
Oh, you poster have died.
Oh.
Oh, my God.
I lost my tape recorder.
Whoa.
I'm getting dizzy already.
Yeah.
I had said, if you don't help us, caller, we're going to start the show over again.
That's right. We're going to go back to two o'clock in the morning.
Time control.
From PR News in Washington, I'm detonating two rock bombs and firing car propelled rocks at the worshippers and many more around the world.
Saints are overlooking tens of thousands of Peters. Among them was PR's Peter.
President Bush says the military staged a well-organized attack on the notorious PR News prison in Washington.
We are T-Val.
Are we not men?
We are T-Val.
So how can a person go about freebasing coffee, I guess would be the ultimate question.
Well, there are various paper hangers you can call. They're in the yellow pages or the yellowing pages, as you like to call them in your urinary.
No, because I'm not interested in methamphetamines or cocaine.
No, I'm not.
I'm interested in stuff.
I just want coffee.
Yeah, you know, I found...
I don't think there are real nozzle trucks that will come out and excrete chocolate into your brain.
Pharmaceutical coffee, possibly injectable, I suppose.
Speaking as somebody who is...
Or as a sublingual.
Yeah, I've tried some various other stimulants before, and I find that there's really no point if you can just get your hands on some good Turkish coffee or something like that.
You know, just something brewed really strong.
Like, I don't understand why...
And keep drinking it repeatedly rather than have more.
I mean, one little Demitasse, you'd have to have it.
Yeah, the little Demitasse. I drink that stuff, like, big, big.
You know, I'll drink a pot of that.
Until you have a stomachache.
Yeah.
And let's run to the bathroom and...
Oh, that stuff will give you a headache that lasts all year. It's great.
You know, why... I don't understand why people take meth when there's coffee.
Well, why do they urinate drugs in our own body anyway?
Why do we manufacturers who can't buy them from other manufacturers?
You know what I'm saying?
That's a good question. I wonder where that static is coming from.
There we go.
Little chocolate.
Uh-oh. Who did we lose? Who did we lose?
Hello?
Hello?
We lost Stan.
Oh, we lost Stan.
Well, let's see. Yeah, let's see who comes on in place.
6-8-7-th out, north of our view.
You're on the air.
Oh, Dr. Sinister.
There you are.
Yeah, my... the battery in my mouth ran out, so I just hung up.
Oh, yeah.
And I changed him.
Dude, you need to get a wind-up.
I think Stan was communicating with you.
His sources, quote-unquote.
Well, quote, sources, unquote.
Well, all that talk about the coffee was getting me kind of...
I had a hankering.
So I ran down and got some of the iced java and tried to smoke it,
but it just... it's too wet and too cold.
Have any of you panel truckers ever tried a chocolate coffee enema?
No, but I know people who recommend it.
No, but I know people who recommend it.
No, some people do that as a form of splitting nature
and becoming one with the, you know, thing.
The cards.
So that's... I thought that was kind of a sick joke or a crazy person activity.
No, no, it's... you get quite buzzed, supposedly.
All kinds of drugs can be absorbed through the mucous membranes in the rectum.
So then we could even snort coffee if we wanted mucus in our membranes.
Right, and if you could learn how to snort with your neither nostril, so to speak...
Your neither nostril.
You could do the essence of coffee.
If you could inhale like the great Lepidomane was able to do,
if you could suck in with your nether end,
you could actually sort of drink the coffee syrup and absorb it that way.
You could take it from five different orifices that you don't even have.
You could just like, you know, take it on, so to speak.
Just take the whole essence of coffee.
You'd be drinking it and snorting it.
We could just sit on the tube, I suppose, would be the other possibility.
But, you know...
That always involves an emergency room, though.
Always.
Have any of you...
And telling the doctor,
you're not going to believe this story.
It was a one-in-a-million thing.
The doctors always hear that.
And someone comes in with something stuck up there.
You know, it's like, oh, I can't believe this is a one-in-a-million accident.
What do you think the weirdest thing that would be?
I mean...
Actually, I remember reading Howard Stern's book years ago,
and he had a whole chapter dedicated to things that had been found in, you know,
all people's asses.
The dirty bomb.
It was pretty wild.
Yeah.
Things found in A&I.
I didn't know if I believed it or not.
See, if we read more Walt Whitman
and took on the surrogate brain food from the Martians,
we would not be placing things in our directories.
We'd have a clear conscience, and we'd have a clean canal.
Of course.
Well, now that...
Just eat those leaves of grass, and that'll keep you regular.
Even in days of old when nights were bold, there were...
Outhouses weren't invented.
...people who wanted to pack the bucket up their exit window.
And for whatever cheap thrill that might afford them.
Yeah.
They didn't have television or special effects in those days.
Pardon?
What?
They didn't have special effects in those days.
Yeah, they didn't have TV or special effects,
so they had to pack a lot more stuff up themselves just for entertainment.
You were talking about... I couldn't hear you.
I thought you were talking about pirate tactics again.
Again.
Again.
Uh...
Friends.
Radio synesthesia there.
You're listening, however, not to that show, but to the Hour of Slap.
And that would be the voice of the Church of the Subgenius.
Friends, you can get more at subgenius.com.
In fact, the shows are archived there.
We heard a lot of the other subgenius shows,
such as KPFA Show in Berkeley with Puzzling Evidence and Dr. Howell.
We heard some Detroit Revival randomness.
We heard some of the movie-related events.
Uh, from yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang.
Oh, by the way, you can send tapes and things, if you want, to...
Post Office Box 181417, Cleveland Heights, Ohio, 44118.
Praise Bob.
And now, Lemur.
From PR News in Washington,
I'm deteriorating after a brief urinary corruption.
The European Union...
Union is praising PR as a poultry industry after a poultry infection.
On Wall Street, many of them were in tears.
But that hasn't happened.
Former Connecticut Governor John Rowland abstained from killing a badly injured PR news in Washington.
A former senior official with the Boy Scouts of America has pleaded guilty to possessing child pornography.
Douglas Smith was charged with using the Internet to access the material.
He was formally charged with the federal count last week.
You must say these words.
Klaatu, Barada, Nikto.
Please repeat that.
Tu, Barada, Nikto.
You must remember those words.
Tu, Barada, Nikto.
Gort, doo-doo.
Roba, doo-doo.
He could doo-doo.
Bobby?
