It's on every station. Get a trace on that signal. Now!
The other officers quickly take up the slack.
That's how big it was. It could be seen for miles and miles around.
Now, here's the king's command.
I'm going to command all these musicians to start playing their musical instruments,
and as soon as they start playing the music, you are to fall down and bow down in front of that great image, 90 feet high, and pray to it.
I'm not giving in to a smile or a grin on a face I might never see again.
I'm not going to fly in some big, phony sky.
On a life that I know just can't win.
Yes, Bob, you rang?
Am I a lousy picker?
Whatever.
I analyze it and assess it thoroughly, and then I make my prediction on the air, and I pick the opposite.
Me too.
I stand on my record.
But one thing I shared with you this afternoon is that Bobby didn't listen.
And I'm thankful now that he didn't.
And hopefully, if you've got a negative spouse, you're not listening to them either, because he didn't listen to me.
And he went about and built the business, because he saw something in it.
A friend of his or an acquaintance of his had shown him the plan, and I won't bust his bubble.
That's his part of the story.
Well, Mr. Stang, it was an almost foolproof plan.
But let us look to the next paragraph of prophecy, which says,
Dateline for Dominance, 1991, first paragraph.
And I quote,
World War III.
Church of the subgenius shifts into Operation Removal.
End quote.
Now, admittedly, dear friends, that leaves open some room for interpretation.
And just what is Operation Removal designated to remove?
Well, knowing Bob, he'd want to remove the very concept of removal.
I suppose Bob told you that his plan has been approved, and recruiting is about to open.
You once offered to help us find the right sort of recruits.
How many men do you need?
I thought you'd say that.
We'll need 1,100 men to begin with.
I'm in this thing any way you can use me.
Looking forward to it, Mr. Stang.
The Pharaohs
The Pharaohs
The Pharaohs










And now the little numbers are counting up again.
Ah.
And we are back with another hour of slack.
This one sounds lively.
Fill in your lack.
Because it's the kind men lack.
The kind that renews one's vital strength.
So, yes, we're back still at Wisteria.
Campground.
They're broadcasting from a picnic table.
But it's no picnic, ladies and gentlemen, although there are plenty of Argentine ants.
Is that what kind of ants those are?
Yes, they are the small soldiers that migrate through this region at this time.
The Shemimedons of the Argentine ant group.
But they're one or Parker?
Some nests are larger than entire U.S. states.
Wow.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
Really?
Yes.
Argentina ants.
Montana or Rhode Island?
That's like a brain.
That's like a hive mind on the side of Rhode Island.
Yeah, you don't want to mess with those ants, mister.
Or else my...
Off-brand Dawn dishwashing liquid.
That kills the hell out of them suckers.
Plenty more where they came from.
I go out there and I go to Dollar Tree.
I get a bunch of that off-brand...
I-Dollar Tree.
Dollar Tree?
You heard it.
Dollar Tree, Dollar Tree.
I take that and I just pour it on the ant hills.
And then I hit it with my...
With the hose, nice and slow.
And it's genocide.
That's how I get my kicks.
I'd rather be killing pinks, but they got laws.
You know, that's funny because I rescued a June bug this morning.
Yes, Dr. Stang is Buddhistical and respects all life.
Well, until X-Day.
Until this coming Sunday morning when I'll try to remember
to exterminate most life, or at least human life.
I don't mind most of the ant.
To scour the planet clean to make it ready for what is to come.
We're going to de-bride it, essentially.
Oh, I like that word, de-bride the planet.
Yeah.
It seems like that would hurt.
Oh, yeah.
Scraping...
We're going to scrape that first few...
That's like scaling a fish.
Like scraping below the gum line.
It's kind of like de-clawing a cat, but through the skin.
So we just scrape everything off down to the mantle.
Yeah.
Dermabrasion.
Is that the right word?
It might be.
Anyway, our hostess, Charlene, told me that this area, also known as the outback of Ohio,
I learned, is higher in animal and plant diversity than most places in the whole world.
Outside, of course, the Amazon jungle.
How high is the animal and plant life here?
I know the raccoons must be ripped because they, oh, don't leave any food out.
Those suckers will eat anything when they're stoned.
There are more kinds of poisonous ants, spiders, and reptiles in this area than you'll ever
get to be stung by again.
Oh, they promise.
So enjoy it while you're here.
Of course, maybe on Planet X we'll be exposed to all new varmints, critters, and parasites.
Yes.
Not the French.
And we will have to adapt to its biota.
There will be some cross-species pollination, but frankly, the odds are in their favor,
not ours.
But we represent all of Earth that we brought with us.
All that's in our bodies is the substance of the Earth.
Now, the fact is, no one's really ever sent anyone to Mars or off Earth.
Well, nobody who's talking.
For a significantly long period.
But every time they try to create something like a biosphere, it always turns into a puddle
of glup.
Yeah.
Because we can't keep that going.
And it's not certain that if you took a human off Earth, the human could survive being away
from the rest of the biosphere.
Didn't they, like, let that Pauly Shore guy in that one?
Well, that was, uh, he's hardly human, but it at least examined the idea.
He's microbial.
The thing is, we need to figure out how to create a terrarium for humans to live in.
Then we can go into outer space.
We can't let the terrariums win.
The terrariums will lose, is the problem, because they don't have the special ingredients
that we don't know how to put in.
Right.
Not paying on the plants?
And this affects off Earth travel to a significant degree.
Well, think of those poor sumbitches up in the International Space Station right now.
They...
They missed the last two deliveries, supply deliveries.
Whoa.
Blew up on the launch pad.
Yes, that Russian spaceship went out of control.
It rolled.
It, uh...
Yawned and pitching.
They're eating each other yet?
But yeah, those guys haven't had a new playboy in, like, six months.
They haven't been able to think of the...
Well, I understand the space station just stinks to high heaven.
It is like the inside of a submarine.
No body...
No body emission, uh, ever goes away.
But, uh, the thing about it is that they are being supplied by the nearby Earth.
They're in low Earth orbit.
And when you go farther away, you're really going to have to have some other method of
supply.
And those supplies have to be essential.
It can't just be your little hydroponic garden in the, uh, side room there.
It's going to have to be fairly major.
Just a word to the wise.
So everyone get ready.
At least we allow you to take more than one suitcase, unlike, uh, certain other groups.
Are there cults that only let you take one suitcase?
Well, you know that one.
When the world ends?
The, uh...
The Roller Quarters.
Who were the...
Who was that group that let you take one suitcase that you put at the foot of your bed?
Um, um...
Heaven's Gate?
No, I don't think they had a suitcase.
The Jarvis Witnesses?
No, they had a Roller Quarters and a Furry Nikes.
The ones with...
Abnorm Nihil has entered the campground.
Woohoo!
I just saw the truck of Reverend Abnorm.

They called themselves Me and My or something?
Uh, the leader of the cult, uh...
Bo and Peep?
Bo and Peep, perhaps.
That became, uh...
Dove?
Heaven's Gate.
Bo was the same as Dove.
Well, they allowed...
He wanted to be like Bob Dobbs, but he was so cheap, he could only be Bo Dove.
Oh, Dove.
They let them take one suitcase of, uh, undergarments with them into the next world.
Wow, were they Mormons?
No, these cultists for the movement to restore the Ten Commandments of Bob, or whatever it was.
Now, when I heard that a saucer cult in San Diego had gone toes up, I was so sure it was Ruth Norman and Unarius.
It wasn't the Unarians.
Uh, we got a lot of phone calls when the Heaven's Gate thing happened.
I could just imagine those two people...
I thought, I thought, subgeniuses killed themselves.
...running into each other.
If they'd been wearing Bob shirts, now that, everything would be different.
Those Bob shirts would have repelled.
But instead, Nike gets all the credit.
Yeah.
Just do it.
They did it all right.
Oh, God.
Yeah, I think, aren't you all lucky that we, that Bob got to you before Heaven's Gate?
Now, think about it.
Yeah.
That was just...
There was one subgenius I actually talked out of joining them.
Well, the year before X Day.
Or was it just before X Day?
Uh...
Was it 97 or 98?
I don't know.





Well, I know it was just before a, uh, Survival Research Lab's performance in Austin, the
next day, which...
Wow.
...I went to to sell swag, but I was miserable because I'd been up the entire night before
making a takeoff on the Heaven's Gate website.
The Heaven's Gate people all hit the news, and within about three hours, Fernanda and
Andy Lemire...
Oh, yes.
and bobbed up their main artwork.
And I then took that and put it on our website.
So we had the first Heaven's Gate parody site up within one day.
And that actually helped our business quite a bit.
When you Googled Heaven's Gate,
suddenly there was something subgenius in the mix.
If only they'd known, that would be the entire result of their activity.
So friends, you can see what you all obviously need to do
to help the church get more PR.
Convince somebody to kill themselves,
a whole bunch of people, preferably,
in such a way that it makes the news.
I remember Pope S. Lilith used to suggest
jumping off of a highway overpass onto a truck
with a bob shirt on,
so that when you hit the windshield and died,
the driver would have the...
Great, you know, smashed bob shirt chest facing him.
Product placement.
And it would sound good, you know, on the news soundbite.
Oh my God, it was so horrible.
He hit my truck and all I could see was that scary pipe man
grinning head staring at me.
Too many variables.
With bones poking out through it
and spurting blood out the pipe.
Not an easily achievable plan.
Here is the image of the...
There has been a rash of suicides on highways.
All people wearing a silly shirt.
With a comfortable itchy rash behind.
We can't figure out what the beaver's dad has to do with this.
Except that he must be responsible in some way.
As his entire clade of heterosexual,
white, male, republican pipe smoking.
Pipe smoking.
Pipe smoking is significant.
He's in the lost continent with Cesar Romero,
John Hoyt, Sid Melton,
Whit Bissell, Aquanetta.
Is it really healthy that you're able to reel out
the entire cast of a movie like that?
Is that good or is that bad?
Not an insignificant movie.
And he's not autistic, right?
Remember, they are searching for a rocket
full of a special atomic load
which just happened to crash on top of a mountain
populated by badly animated dinosaurs.
Hmm.
Hey, but at least it's dinosaurs.
Yeah.
Yes, that's right.
So it's caused me to drag myself to it again and again.
Even badly animated dinosaurs are excellent.
They are.
Well, they're badly animated,
but they have their moments over there.
They're charming.
Moments are few.
Well, they're charming, yes, in their own way.
So at least the Triceratops eats Sid Melton.
Mm.
And he deserves it.
Now, which is the movie that has people in dinosaur suits?
Is that The Land Unknown?
The Land Unknown.
The Land Unknown Island.
More than Land Unknown, but yes, there is the terrible dinosaur suit in The Land Unknown.
Is that the one later that used the head for under the stairs for Spot on the monsters?
That was The Land Unknown.
That was Spot.
The Land Unknown Tyrannosaurus became Spot on the monsters under the stairway.
Bimbo knew something.
It was the head of that monster, which Universal owned.
I love my monsters.
So how about the thing that was a disembodied hand?
Whose hand was that?
Was that part of The Beast with Five Fingers, or...?
I think they borrowed that from Dr. T.
It was a different one.
He wouldn't miss it.
A different hand.
The Beast with Five Fingers.
Well, there was a famous British horror story,
but the whole movie is the hand bothering Peter Lorre and making him sweat and his eyes pop out.
Wasn't that him?
The hideous hand.
The hand.
Creeping.

Creeping.
Creeping.















I'll play a piano sonata for the left hand.
But, uh, yeah.
The Beast with Five Fingers is a horror story many people should read.
People ought to read those horror tales that were the basis for so many movies later on.
Some have never been filmed, and they are among the most horrendous of all.
Like the hideous ash tree of M.R. James.
Was there ever, like, a gay porno version of The Beast with Five Fingers?
I'm trying not to go there, Sam.
Get Clive Barker to work on it.
I'm trying to show some resolve here.
The Beast.
The Beast.
The Beast with Five Fingers.
Keep telling yourself it couldn't be real.
Or could it?
Could it?
Could it?
Could it?
Here it comes.
The crawling hand.
Closer and closer.
It's getting into your...
And snow!
A similar crawling ambulatory hand was seen in the movie Doctor Terror's House of Horrors,
where it tormented Christopher Lee.
One night, he was driving along the road, and it got on the windshield.
That's hardcore.
Dodging the windshield wiper as it tossed back and forth,
causing him to react in horror and go off the road.
Urging you to let go.
Yes.
Well, you know, back of the wheel.
I've got a cool idea for Joseph and Polly.
When the rupture comes, we could trick Christians into thinking it was the rapture gone wrong.
If we play our cards right, for instance, we get up into our escape vessels and orient ourselves,
and then tell Mom, okay, take us back in time a little bit.
Okay, that's easy so far.
We hover over cities full of pinks and program the thing to disintegrate all the pinks below,
except for their hands.
Which stay alive and go crawling around.
So, we'd have to leave...
Okay, you disintegrate...
I don't know about this one.
You leave a certain percentage of Christians alive.
The excess computers can do that.
Leave the noses.
Hands and noses.
So that...
No, not the hands.
Only if...
It's like maybe one out of every ten Christians is still around.
Don't want to jerk off.
They're standing in a shopping mall.
Suddenly, all these people are screaming and bursting into flames and rising up to heaven.
But their hands and noses...
Are still laying scattered all over the shopping mall.
What a...
And God, that would freak them out.
They'd be so...
Conflicted, you know?
Am I sorry I didn't get taken up?
Or am I glad I didn't get taken up?
They can still pick their noses.
There you go.
You can pick your friends and you can pick your nose, but you can't pick your friends' nose.
They can't pick the apocalypse.
The nose picker will be at the judgment.
Mmm.
Not the nose picker.
The disgusting spectacle.
Starring Lance Hendrickson.
And Ken Tobey.
Yes, Ken Tobey.
As the gruff guy.
He's always the gruff guy.
You know, there's a scene in Inner Space where he comes into the bathroom and...
Wow.
Martin Short is trying to relieve himself.
Wait a minute.
Did you see this?
Ancient Tobey.
Yeah, well, he comes in and he's...
Martin Short is addressing himself and he thinks he's talking to his penis,
but he's talking to the tiny submarine inside his veins containing Dennis Quaid.
Whoa.
You know, I've noticed something about subgenius radio conversations.
One minute you're talking about huge worldwide events and history in the making,
and then the next five minutes you're talking about some totally obscure crappy movie.
It's like a trip down the rabbit hole, but we shoot...
We shoot our own holes in the rabbit and go through those, so...
To which I would reply that all language is metaphorical,
and these Bulldada-esque movies do accurately prefigure our own predicament to an astonishing degree.
Could we only understand and interpret them instead of dismissing them like the Pinks do?
Those who can't remember old movies repeat their history.
Yeah, that's what we think.
How about you?
You know, your opinions are important to us.
Let us hear from you about the contents of this broadcast.
We love to read your letters.
Aloud, on the air, and sneer at them.
I actually rarely get any kind of letters,
but I did get a letter sent in the mail from a guy in Cleveland who'd been listening to the Hour of Slack broadcast.
For the first time, and it was such a good letter that I read it on the air.
Uh-huh. Well, that's what you do.
If you get a letter, you read it on the air by George, especially if they enclose a check in...
Well, they were jacking me off like crazy, so of course.
Yeah, sure. But naturally, you want to give them back something to respond to.
I kind of ignore that. I try to distance myself from it.
I think of doing the show as like...
You don't bring everything to a screeching halt and say,
and now it's time for Susie's mailbag.
Well, diddling with the curtains open.
And if people want to stop by and look in, if I don't know they're out there,
I'll be doing a better job of it.
I'll be putting a little English on it.
You know, everyone will get a treat.
Well, now, when you leave the radio...
Don't make noises when you're out there in the bushes.
That's all I ask.
When you leave the radio station, aren't there a whole bunch of cars parked out there
with creepy guys inside eyeballing you?
That's not normal.
Then following you home to your...
Oh, they're the ones I see all over.
Those are your only friends.
Yep.
Just Susie stalkers.
They're anxious to carry your trousseau.
Mm-hmm.
Maybe to go home and clean up your bathroom.
You know, I get letters asking for pictures of Susie.
You used to.
No, I still do.
But there's these mentally ill guys that have been asking for pictures of Susie for 20 years now.
Well, now, when Jesus was running things,
he used to write love letters back to guys at the Atlanta Pen in my name
and send them pictures I seem to recall.
No.
No.
No.
Because I had quite the following out there I found out after the fact.
Well, I imagine so.
But who else needs more slack?
I mean, imagine these poor guys, they haven't seen a woman in five years
except for that one blonde that's trying to help them escape,
the one that gives every prisoner a handjob.
I'm kind of scary to be, you know, the focus.
It's like it's warping.
Wait until those guys are let out of the pen.
It's cruel and unusual masturbatory punishment.
Why?
They'll make a beeline for your place.
Yeah, they're going to go ahead.
They're going to look up the address of WREK Atlanta.
They're one of the greatest stations in the universe, by the way.
It is.
Among the last of the great college stations.
It's just, it's, damn.
People don't recognize how important it is to have college radio
because it's the last place where you can hear good stuff
that wasn't being forced onto the airways.
It's the last place where you can hear good stuff that wasn't being forced onto the airways
by the conspiracy.
WCSB and WRUW in Cleveland, you know, our friends in Germany,
that's all they listen to is our college radio stations.
And it's getting suborned right and left.
Because even in Germany, the conspiracy took over.
Yes, everywhere.
It makes it more precious.
And most college stations are just imitations of conspiracy stations.
They don't let people go wild like they do at our wonderful stations.
And fire.
Find WORT in Madison.
Even though I've been told they sometimes talk over the hour of slack.
Well, that would be a terrible solecism.
They're tattling on you.
They seem to feel that it's all background shatter.
The background noise of the universe.
In which a small signal may sometimes be found.
And now at your station, KPFA, which is not a college station,
but one of the biggest.
The biggest, oldest community stations.
But there are envious ears who covet our wavelength and our strong signal.
KPFA got the patty first communiques.
And perhaps they might.
Because despite our history of innovation,
who can resist that non-existent, invisible, supernatural force known as money?
Or Jesus.
In Dallas, it was the Christians that wanted to take our airwaves.
And so we had to really be careful about cussing and naughty rap songs and stuff.
Because we had people listening and wanting to report us.
Because Aunt Bertha would give you a bad review.
It just makes you more insidious.
Not unlike the saying.
You become worse, but better at it.
I thrive in an atmosphere of repression.
Well, where do you think the church is?
Subjects?
Where did that genius come from?
Yeah.
You know.
I haven't done anything worth beans in the latest regime.
It's like, you know, Bill Clinton was president.
It was like punching a drunk who was laughing at you while you were doing it.
There's just no sport in it.
Somebody like George Bush.
Oh, my God.
What a character.
Yes, I still have your giant George Bush joke.
Think if Mike Huckabee or Rick Santorum was our next president.
We'd be in high cotton.
We would.
We'd be so repressed.
We'd rip.


We'd really be good.
We would have an enemy worth fighting again.
Mike Huckabee said that he wanted to make it illegal for men to go topless
because he's so worried about women going topless.
Damn straight.
What if that guy became president?
Not that he will.
Well, our shows would become funnier.
Then you guys can feel as dirty when you take it off as we do.
And so you're going to vote for Huckabee then?
You bet.
Give me that repression.
I want to break some laws, damn it.
But what about all the Bible belting and religious mumbling that comes along with Huckabee?
She's already in Atlanta.
Yeah.
Well, there is that.
The birthplace of Coca-Cola in 1886.
And Waffle House.
It first flowed forth from the fountains in Atlanta.
Some Pemberton guy.
Yes.
Atlanta is the birthplace of Waffle House also.
Waffles.
Wow.
There's more Waffle Houses per square mile in that area.
Than anywhere else.
Potter Nostril found a map.
Hundreds.
Do you remember that?
Hundreds in Atlanta.
Waffle House clusters that pack a wallop in the culinary world.
It's like a pattern of disease vectors that the CDC would release.
They're so close together.
And this is true all the way down the coast in Mississippi.
The Waffle Houses are so close together that from every Waffle House you can see the next Waffle House.
And just follow them like a dotted line.
That must be reassuring.
To perdition.
That is helpful to soothe the restless spirits of those who patronize waffle establishments.
And when you don't see the Waffle Houses, you are at the ends of the earth.
And then after consuming a large mass of waffles with syrup and so forth, they come and they ask you if you want dessert.
Pah.
P-A-H.
I had to defend Waffle House to you.
You hadn't been in one for so long that you were mixing them up with some thin coffee cup shelled cafe.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, they used to have thin coffee cups.
Those white glass things.
No, they're unbreakable now.
You could kill a policeman with them.
I like those big mugs.
Yeah.
There's an idea.
And they didn't have the gum-snapping waitress in most of them.
Only now her gum-snapping is no longer friendly.
I like the world-weary, tough-talking waitress.
Yes.
I miss the chain-smoking waitresses.
Oh, God.
They were eloquent.
So I kind of have Stockholm Syndrome about Waffle House, and it's partly your fault.
Duh.
Everybody flames it on me.
Some guy with money flew me and Jesus into Atlanta.
Yeah, James Charnitsky.
Okay.
Well, he put us in a motel that we didn't have a car, and we were in a motel in the middle of nowhere, and the only place to eat was Waffle House, and we were there for four or five days.
So I memorized the menu.
I can tell.
I can rattle off smothers.
Smothered scones.
Yeah, right.
It was made up that way memorably because a lot of the people that they hired were illiterate.
Yeah.
And so, yeah, a lot of the lingo came from that to make it more memorable since they weren't able to write it down.
They could remember it scattered pretty easily.
Oh, at McDonald's and stuff, they just have pictures of the food.
It's like the hospital in Idiocracy.
I'm going to lie to you.
No, but seriously.
Waffle House.
Actually, it has gone downhill terribly in the last year and a half because they raised their prices by a dollar.
It used to be, okay, sure, it was crappy diner food, but they're always open, there always was one, and it was always five bucks for a really sizable breakfast.
Well, now it's $6.50.
Sorry, just lost me.
I can only go there on special occasions now.
The future is now.
The future is now.
Well, for a half penny worth of ingredients, they turn an enormous profit.
Well, see, we covered Waffle House, the presidency of Mike Huckabee.
Yes, not a waffling candidate.
And the movie Lost Continent.
Yes, the movie Lost Continent was a Lippert production.
God.
And it might have been the first race.
It was a Ray Harryhausen movie, but Lippert was rude and mean to Mr. Harryhausen.
Really?
And his friend Ray Bradbury, when they went there, with a reel of film, as described in Ray Bradbury's short story, Tyrannosaurus Rex, if you've ever read it, about the stop motion animator.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
I read that when I was really young, and I thought, wow, this is just like a Ray Harryhausen type of guy that they're talking about.
Yes, it was.
I love the description of the little rubber monster.
The little rubber monster and the nasty, nasty producer.
Exactly.
Well, that producer was not actually Irwin Allen, but Robert Lippert instead, although it could have been Irwin Allen just as much.
And then there was Reverend Mike Jitlove, who made a movie about a filmmaker being ripped off by a producer.
The Wizard of Speed and Time.
And it came literally true in every way.
The Wizard of Speed and Time is that great subgenius movie.
Yes.
Yes.
It actually has Dobbs heads in it.
Oh, it's got Dobbs heads, stop motion animation, all kinds of stuff.
Yeah, Wizard of Speed and Time, if you ever get a chance to get a bootleg of it, Jitlove's never going to see a penny from it, ever.
Yeah, yeah.
He got so totally reamed, that was horrible.
Friday Jones had a Laserdisc of that movie from Japan.
Wow.
It was sold in Japan on Laserdisc.
I think for a brief time, you could find a VHS copy.
Why?
Because I think I have that VHS copy.
I have my own VHS copy labeled by Jitlove.
Well, that certainly trumps anything I've got.
He got Kelly Freese to do the poster for it.
But none of this helped.
And that poster is in the bedroom of Princess Wee and me.
It's in Lamar's office.
Well, it's not the same poster.
Jitlove doesn't get to see you fucking.
But yeah, Princess Wee and I can't escape the weird grin of Mike Jitlove on that movie.
Oh, I wouldn't say that.


Because the TV posts are staring at us.
Most intriguing, Stang.
Well, let me put it this way.
We don't have any Dobbs heads in the bedroom.
Thank heavens for that.
But I've heard it said by pediatric specialists that if you put a Dobbs head by the toilet,
it helps children who are having trouble with toilet training just to let go when they see that face.
Toilet training.
Bill Cates, Reverend Bleepo Abernathy,
was the first person to stumble upon that with his little girl, Reverend Baz Otherwise,
who's now grown up.
A grown-up subgenius.
Wow.
From birth to...
Princess Wee and I took her to Starwood.
You've seen him come and you've seen him go.
She was born on my birthday.
She and I had the same birthday.
Ah, how do you explain that?
Yes, the personal story.
Everyone's interested in the human drama.
But for that same reason, they can intuit it and do not need it.
We'll let someone else talk about that.
Human?
What are we doing talking about human drama?
Well, the alien drama takes a classical education to understand.
One must speak extraplanetary languages and be adept in understanding alien posture,
vocal intonation, and electric signal.
It would be great if everybody was an expert, and they will be soon.
If only those aliens had used sound as a communication.
Instead of driving their vessel.
But instead, they have their colors on their bodies and they're contorted physically.
The smells.
The smells.
Yeah.
Emitting, you know, one word is a smell, the next word is a gesture.
Synesthesia, a rare affliction in humans.
The next one is a kind of fart.
The ones who fart and tap dance.
Yeah, the farting, tap dancing aliens from Planet C.
Those are the ones predicted by Kurt Vonnegut.
The ones who got killed by a guy with a golf club when they landed and tried to communicate
by farting and tap dancing.
He was afraid with a golf club.
That was very poignant.
Got killed, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Brained.
Brained with a golf club means killed, I believe.
That was, I never really experienced brained as a verb.
These aliens who communicated by farting and tap dancing unfortunately approached the wrong
human, and though they farted and tap danced, they were brained with a golf club.
Wanted to tell the guy whose house was on fire.
Yeah, they were trying to help, as often they do.
Yeah.
But we react first and then consider the matter later.
Sometimes, if you're really tap dancing hard, you can't help but fart.
And vice versa.

Sometimes you get those little string of pearls farts.
Just getting up and walking across the room is all it takes for me.
Just go for it.
I'm already at the age that I used to laugh at my grandfather.
Go from horizontal to vertical and the hydraulic proposition within becomes an alternative
one.
But aren't we all just squirming bags of unfulfilled appetites?
No.
No, no.
We're God's creation.
We're the paragon of something.
We're, you know.
We are stars.
The best of all possible worlds.
The paragon of animals.
The seat of reason.
Yes, all of that.
So, I won't deny it.
And remember.
We're the fly off from a great industrial furnace that's burning garbage.
Hey, I like it when you guys get cosmic and we aren't talking about comic books or old
monster movies.
No, I'm lying.
I prefer the comic books to the old monster movies.
Yeah.

Well, I brought that copy of.
Screw the prophecy.
Who cares about prophecy?
I'm into nostalgia.
I'm into the old monster movies.





I'm into the old monster movies.

I took that copy of giant sized Batman and Superman, along with me to Ex Day
because it was so profound.
Especially the part that was drawn by Wayne Boring and Bob Kane together on the page.
Maybe.
It was some zap jam.
Boring Kane.
When Batman is on deck, it's Bob Kane and the weird distorted Bob Kane world.
And then it switches over to bland Superman.
Wow.
You know, with every detail drawn there.
God.
And sometimes the two of them are on the same page.
The side views of people with glasses?
Oh, those always kill me.
Or the sort of brutish rendition of the human physiognomy
where eyeballs themselves disappear,
as do individual differentiations between teeth.
Superman's waist was like, what the hell?
There was never a bulge over the top of his trunks,
which made you wonder whether they were trunks.
It looked like he was hiding a Greek column in there
with those horizontal lines.
And how does the cage attach to the top part of the Kryptonian blouse?
It looked like Elvis' impacted colon was underneath it.
Maybe that's Superman's utility belt that we don't hear about.
And then these vertical lines on the side
that looked like maybe it was a fluted Greek column
that he jammed in there as, like, you know, falsies.
Well, it's alien couture, not to be judged by human standards.
Remember, he is an alien.
I think you guys studied this.
This comic's closer than I did.
Oh, God.
Well, I always appreciated it when superheroes didn't have a fancy getup,
like Dr. Solar, Man of the Atom, for the first ten issues or so.
Then they finally put him in a super suit.
But I liked him when he was a greenish radioactive scientist
in a lab coat just hovering and performing his exploits.
Dr. Manhattan had the best costume ever.
I was just thinking to myself,
if I was a superhero,
I'd be Rorschach.
Oh.
He's cool.
He's so cool.
He was cuddly.
He's dreamy.
How about Herbie Popnecker?
Tiger Beat.
Herbie Popnecker didn't get a super suit.
I'm not trapped in here with you.
For quite some time.
You're stuck in here with me.
Walked through the sky wearing his short tie and glasses.
That would be a cool superhero to be.
But how many people remember Herbie Popnecker?
A lot of people.
Dr. Hal has a...
A model of Herbie Popnecker.
Wow.
This is a really obscure,
but highly surreal and bulldada comic book from the 60s.
Yes, it was from the 60s.
Very, very, very bizarre and surreal.
Of course, it was rare and hard to find.
Another very bizarre comic for its original first three issues
was Kona, Monarch of Monster Isle.
Yes, I think that was her.
Which I'm pretty sure was written by a psychologist.
But it was a Carlton comic.
It was part of the Carlton line.
It went normal after the first three issues.
But the first three were certainly bizarre.
Not only does he, a blonde-haired muscle man,
live on a secret dinosaur-haunted island,
but this island is invaded by giant insects and giant sharks.
And they spread a virus that causes everything to grow giant.
Even the dinosaurs that were already giant.
Giant dinosaurs.
The dinosaurs giant...
Oh, wow.
Then it has to...
The dinosaurs have...
Normal-sized dinosaurs have to fight giant insects.
They get infected and then they become giant giants.
Oh, my God.
And at the...
I feel like Mrs. Joy Boy.
Dr. Dodd, the hero,
invents a serum that will attract all of these monsters.
And he somehow...
He gets Kona to carve his way through the flesh of the monsters
to the top of Dinosaur Island
with the serum that lures all the monsters.
So it was an excuse for the artist to draw a caveman
literally hacking and carving his way through mountains of monsters of all kinds.
It might happen.
They're falling off the cliffs right and left.
And then...
Tell me it's a Jay Dizbro.
Somehow he ends...
Let's see.
The underground ocean breaks in.
It pours in.
Yes, now there's a tidal wave.
And then the cave of mutants.
Not only are there dinosaurs, but there are mutants.
They lose the mutants at this point.
And the mutants grow huge.
The mutants grow huge and they ravage what's left of Dinosaur Island.
But these aren't the kind of mutants you normally think about.
These are mutants like the top half is a gorilla
and the bottom half is an ostrich.
You know what they are?
They're mutants like used to bother Mighty Samson in New York.
Yeah, a grasshopper crossed with a chimpanzee.
Watch out, the gorilla squid is heading this way.
Mad lib, animal parts.
The whale vacuum cleaner is sucking most of Manhattan in.
Really, this comic is that...
That weird.
And the fact that it...
There's not a...
Well, there might be a Facebook page.
Yes, you haven't looked, have you?
Maybe somebody likes Kuna, monarch of Monster Isle,
enough to give him his own Facebook page.
Maybe that's what I should do.
Maybe so.
As soon as I'm on my escape vessel.
That would be a perfect use of your special talents.
Yeah, after I've stolen the Grand Canyon,
the Smithsonian, the British Museum, the Rijksmuseum.
Yeah, they forget the comic books start building Monster Isle.
Then I'll start my Facebook.
Oh, yeah.
Build Monster Isle in life, you see.
Now, Kuna was one of these air crash surviving infants
who somehow survived to become a brutish monosyllabic caveman
with long blonde hair and big muscles.
I didn't know that.
I thought he just evolved on Monster Isle.
No, he was a normie human, the son of a scientist
who perished on an expedition when a small plane crashed and so forth.
He should meet Tarzan.
Well, he was like Tarzan.
And recently, just this year, I read one of the later Tarzan novels
that I'd never read.
And it was late in Tarzan's career.
In fact, it was in World War II in the Philippines.
And Colonel John Clayton, otherwise Tarzan,
crashes with a bunch of people,
a sort of World War II bomber crew of different ethnicities.
And at one point, he goes to see some American fighters
who were in the jungle.
And he comes walking and says,
I'm Colonel.
Clayton and we're camped about 20 miles down the river.
Well, then how come you're walking around like bloody Tarzan?
Well, because I am Tarzan.
What?
Yeah, but when I was a kid, I used to read about your adventures.
And you're just like you were then.
You look like you're about 20 years old.
Well, if you read my fourth adventure,
you find that a witch doctor gave me this immortality potion.
It's all in there.
I don't have time to get in it now.
Right now, we have to save our friends from the Japs
who are over the next rise.
And so forth and so on.
It was incredibly enjoyable.
I didn't believe how much I enjoyed this book.
You know, he just said,
OK, I look like Tarzan because I am Tarzan.
And why am I always young?
Well, I took this stuff.
I'll tell you about it.
It's a long procedure.
Not comfortable.
In that farmer novel, A Quest Unknown,
Tarzan and Doc Savage fight over the right to be,
there can only be one.
And they rip off each other's genitals.
Yes.
That's beautiful.
In that book, yes.
I remember it, yes.
But they grow back.
That's a fight.
Because they're that manly.
They're super manly.
And they have that elixir.
Yes, but Tarzan can talk to the apes,
which Doc Savage can.
Also, he can talk to the New World monkeys
and baboons and lemurs.
That doesn't make any sense at all.
I know, it doesn't.
But Tarzan himself remarked on it.
Any primate, even shrews?
They all seem to have the same basic syntax.
What about the old world monkeys?
They have to have the prehensile tail?
But as Philip was a farmer,
pointed out,
the original apes that Tarzan is of,
Tarzan of the apes,
are not a species that's known to science.
Right.
And are, in fact, a relic population,
or were at the time,
of early hominids who lived in the jungle
and were very ape-like.
But they were not gorillas,
nor were they chimpanzees,
nor the pygmy chimps known as bonobos.
They were the Gomangani,
that special tribe
which raised Tarzan from an infant.
Creepy!

Bundolo!
Yes.
What did that mean?
I hate you, I will kill you?
Creepy means attack.
Something low-int district.
I forget about Bundolo,
but then there's always Ungawa,
which I even...
But that was in the movies, though.
It was in the books, too,
and I recently...
Oh, it was?
...featured on my radio show.
You know, Wellman comes in
and we watch some horrible old movie
and comment on it,
so we watched Jungle Moon Men.
And at one point,
Wow.
Johnny Weissmuller
is trying to get everybody moving,
you know, and he's bored.
That's so high concept.
He's been in these movies a million times.
He says, Ungawa, you know.
It doesn't belong, but, you know, come on.
Let's get this show on the road.
So it is expressive.
Anyway, the jungle is our friend,
and we're surrounded here
in this pocket of tropical Ohio
containing more species in proportion
per acre than other places on Earth.
Somebody said than any other place on Earth.
That could occur.
I'm afraid this
is about to happen.
Hey, games,
I am Mercian.
Enjoy Godhead.
Enjoy Godhead.
And I thought,
I don't know,
the אתs of the monsters
like I gave myself
to drive into this different universe
where my mind is always
pushed into it,
not toounding like replaced.
Him five finger man.
Quadruped.
Five finger.
You five finger man.
Like me.
Like me.
Me five finger man too.
Hey, we've only got ten more minutes.
Well, it seems like an eternity.
No kidding.
Now, this is where we could cut to another collage by Suzy the Flusy.
Hi.
I'm Bob.
Hi.
Are you famous?
Yeah.
See, I saw this program that I'm talking about tonight from seven years ago.
Seven years ago when I saw this program, I folded my arms across my chest.
I crossed my legs.
And then I looked at that guy that was talking about this program.
And I said, no way.
Whoever this joker is, whoever's up there, he's always grinning.
I thought, why was he always grinning?
It never dawned on me because he is so doggone rich.
Being broke is not a good deal.
But he looked at me and he says, Al, whatever you do, you're going to like area three.
He says, as a matter of fact, judging from the first two areas, you'll probably want to be involved in area three.
And I was committed and convinced that area three looked good.
And then he spelled it out to me.
D-E-A-D.
Dead.
Fantastic.
I'll talk like this.
Bob's your uncle, mate.
That really doesn't help.
Bye.
Bye.
You get the slack and all, you get the back slim.
Well, that would have to have been last Fourth of July.
It was very hot out.
Oh, so hot.
It was just blazing.
And I was at the youth group picnic.
Minister Bob was there in his Bermuda pants.
They cover more legs than his Bermuda shorts.
You see.
And they're just a little bit tighter in the back.
They just hug his buns in the cutest way.
But anyway.
I was slicing some Rice Krispies squares I had made.
And Minister Bob was filling cups of the punch bowl with his ladle.
It was the biggest ladle I'd ever seen.
I wanted to touch it, but I was afraid to because it was so abnormally large.
And as I watched him with that ladle, he kept dipping it into the bowl and pouring punches.
And dipping and pouring and dipping and pouring and dipping until all the cups were filled.
And it didn't take long because that was some big ladle.
And then suddenly, violently, there was a shudder.
My buttocks were tingling.
I was alone, lost in space.
I saw him toss that ladle aside, his arm exhausted.
I must have passed out because that's all I remember.
You may call me Connie.
You did what was doing the storm, remember?
You said, all right, Connie.
We might as well go down together.
I liked the way you said Connie.
It was like a punch in the door.
Now, what's going to happen?
Do you know that's breaking the second commandment?
Because Babylon was the head of witchcraft, sorcery, fortune tellers.
Notice that.
When the music starts playing, you're to bow down and worship the great image.
Night and day, you are the one.
Only you beneath the moon and under the sun.
Whether near to me or far.
It's no matter where you are.
I think of you night and day.
And I won't tell you, I jumped in with both feet and started listening to tapes and reading books because I didn't.
I had to read lots of books, lots and lots of books.
And sometimes you're going to pick up a book in the beginning and you're going to read it and you're going to think,
I can't finish this.
This book is too heavy.
And you're going to put it down and a couple of years later, a couple of months later, you're going to pick up that book.
And all of a sudden, you're going to think, I can't finish this.
And it's going to slap you in the face.
Now, this is where we could cut to another collage by Susie the Flusie later.
From George Bush's Hurricane Katrina moment.
Oh, I am about to rerun that whole thing.
How many episodes?
How many one hour long?
17 hours.
18 if you count Inauguramus, where I realized he's not going to be in office.
If you haven't heard these George Bush verses.
The 17.
The 17 hour saga of George Bush versus.
I dropped him into the hurricane.
Versus Susie the Flusie.
Where he was shot, stabbed, strangled, set on fire.
Episode five is an all sodomy episode.
These are marvelously entertaining.
I had such an embarrassment of sodomy.
I had to go back in and add the deliverance squeal like a pig part because it fell through the cracks of that much sodomy.
Have you ever heard the medieval legend of the apple of Sodom?
Ooh.
The apple that grew.
The apple that grew on the remains of the city that was destroyed.
The cities of the plain.
I'm sorry you had to see this sodomy.
Well, the apple grows up and you can pick it, but then it all turns into horrible wormy dust, right?
While you're holding it.
So it does no good to anyone.
So they say, according to this primitive superstition, believed by early simple people, not by us in our modern world of atomic bombs, moon rockets, and so on.
And micro ships, not unlike the searing flash that announced the beginning of the atomic age.
But we here, we are only enduring our final moments until the rupture occurs.
So you think you thought you saw some kind of monster.
Many people think that, especially as time grows short and all life centers on a point.
We all want to see the monsters, so.
We would rather see them.
And not see them, especially if they're there.
And so, just look harder, is my observation.
Perhaps you are aware that.
They're out there, they're out there all right.
Scorpions are fluorescent.
So if you take a black light and point it over the camp where you thought you were perfectly safe, you'll see you'll be surrounded by millions of venomous fluorescent day glow scorpions.
Well, in the same way, the monsters make themselves inconspicuous.
Until they need to be seen.
Maybe to them.
Where are the monsters?
Unquestionably.
Oh.
Because our behavior to them is worth worse than any individual monster controversy or atrocity.
It's Dr. Dark.
Speaking of monsters, remember Dr. Dark's monster movies have been the highlight of X-Day up to now.
And starting tonight.
The Grindhouse begins.
It's Monster Matinee.
And friends, come on.
Let's admit it.
We're all monsters here.
Or else.
Well.
As they say.
We're monsters crazy.
You're either monster or you're monster hunter.
And as the swing version of the monster hunter game theme plays in the background.
I am going to end this discussion.
Yes.
Stang will come galloping off to go play monster hunting.


And go charge up my game platform.
Here on Subgenius After Dark.
Yes.
The Subgenius Afterbirth now lies dimly and damply here.
Now that we have finished our devoirs on the air.
But remember, there will be another similar broadcast.
One which even accomplished experts could not tell from this one tomorrow at this time from this location.
We defy them to tell the difference.
Remember to pick up a copy of the schedule.
Which has this and all other events in it.
As well as amusing works of art and unusual suggestions.
You don't want to be the subgenius that walks up to Reverend Stang or Priestess Pisces.
Holding this in your hand and saying, what happens next, preacher?
Well, you could.
As if you couldn't read.
What it says you're supposed to do next is eat food.
Scream real loud.
Froop and drink.
Yes.
Simple as that.
Yes.
Some people need it spelled out for them.
And tonight, remember, at 9 o'clock, we are going to have Reverend Andrew Genis performing right here at Caffeina's, on our Caffeina's stage.
With special guests.
Dr. Hal, Princess Wee, and I don't know who else.
That's right.
Yes, the fun never stops.
We should get her up here to help us do shows.
Oh, sometime.
Yes.
Sure.
Why not?
But she's not going to be around forever.
That's so.
Hmm.
Now, we only have a few more minutes, but we might request that she would join us.
But I don't know.
I have a feeling we've frittered away the entire.
We only have three mics.
And, well, plus that guy.
Well, I don't know how many mics you took.
I can only, you know, I only took the three.
Oh, okay.
That's not, you hardly feel it.
Microdosing.
That's the new thing.
The new hip thing.
I discovered that years ago.
But LSD can be like coffee if you only take one sixty-second of the hit.
You just take a little tiny piece.
Sixty-fourth of the hit.
It sounds like that homoerotic medicine stuff.
Worked for me for a long time.
Of course, tolerance sets in.
Pretty soon, you need more than sixty-fourth.
You're upping the dose.
You need a thirty-second.
Then you need a sixteenth of a hit.
Then an eighth of a hit.
Then a quarter.
Then a quarter.









Next thing you know, you're just popping those sugar cubes like they were sugar cubes.
Just throwing them in your coffee.
Just slicing your arms open and cramming it in the veins.
But it doesn't do any good.
It won't do anything after that.
No.
No.
Won't give you that whole shiz.
Eighteen thousandth of a mic.
So.
Well, that about wraps it up for another episode of the Hour of Slack with a pharmaceutical
discussion, which we assure you is thoroughly theoretical.
Not to be imitated by red-faced freckled people.
It's a metaphor.
We're just.
We're just going to let the red-faced freckled-faced children who might through some strange amalgam
of oddity and anomaly be listening to this special copyrighted material.
For more information about the Church of the Subgenius, X-Day, or the movie The Land Unknown,
see subgenius.com.
Good night, seekers.
You know, The Land Unknown was supposed to be made in color, but then Universal got cold
feet and they downgraded it to black and white.
Hey, yesterday we had Baby Bear do her sign-off live.
You know, I end a lot of shows whenever I forget to do the P.O.
Box.
I tack on the Baby Bear ending.
And she did it right in front of us live.
It's like watching a Jimi Hendrix concert.
It was so cool.
That'll confuse future generations of listeners.
Wow.
As it confuses me.
We got to see Baby Bear do her outro in real life.
Yes, you never know.
It's just like a real subgenius show.
What you'll see when you hang around here, you might even see a dragon in a black dress.








Or a baby in a bathtub bathing up.
Or a flying saucer that is looking for its co.
I look looking more like how sausage is made.
Well, you might even see a sausage in a...
Oh, well.
I never sausage a thing.
I knew that one was coming.
Why don't you and Dr. Dart get married?
Have little punish kids.
Ooh.
It would be punishing.
Cool and unusual.
You got the show ending.









It ended seven minutes ago and we're still talking.
We did that yesterday.
All right.

It's not still recording, is it?
Oh, sure.
Oh, well, everything's going fine.
Well, you can patch it with crap.
Oh, yeah.
Here we go.
Look.
The professional radio sound effects.
We got a million of them, folks.
Yes, the morning zoo here on listener-censored radio wisteria.
Hey, do you have to do PSAs?
No.
I don't.












I'm very glad.
At that time of the month?
When I do a PSA, it's a horrible, horrible joke.
Sometimes, they're making us do them at KPFA.
They're making us interrupt our program with reputable announcements.
Any time you make us do something...
Now, you know how Sterno got around that on his radio show, which is unfortunately
not a subgenius show, but a Frank Zappa sucks show.
They just play all of the PSAs at once.
They get it out of the way.
They have to play five or six of them during the hour, and they just play them all at once.
Don't they lose viewers or listeners or whatever you call them?
No, it's a Frank Zappa show.
They're sarcastic.
They're mean.
They're mean.
And the reason I sometimes say every chance I get the phrase, Zappa sucks, it's not that
Zappa always sucks by any means.
It's that Sterno told me I couldn't say that.
We were driving with him to the station.
He goes, now, you know, this isn't a subgenius show, you guys.
Oh, yeah, I know.
It's all Zappa.
That's it.
I said, can I say Zappa sucks?
And both him and his co-host said, no.
They were not amused at all.
They literally just about stopped the car and kicked me out.
I said, Sterno, you're the guy that invented Kill Bob.
You're where the disrespect for Bob even came from.
You know as well as anybody.
You tell a subgenius not to do something.
I said, Sterno, you're the guy that invented Kill Bob.
That's their marching orders to do it.
And he goes, well, you can't say Zappa sucks on my show.
So I didn't.
But I say it on every other person's show that I possibly can.
Including this one.
Nothing against Zappa.
But frankly, I think I'm doing what Zappa would want me to do.
He'd go, I like the guy that says Zappa sucks.
I like that old redneck.
He's OK.
It's all right, Stang.
It's OK.
OK.
It's all right.
It's all right.
He's OK.
He sucks sometimes.
Yes, exactly.
And that's why we should bring this broadcast to a close now and hope that we have better
fortune on another day when inspiration may indeed strike with its lightning flash.
Holy head.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
