The year is 1992 in the old show rerun that I'm about to play.
We're packing for the escape, Thessal's friends,
so this show, Hour of Slack number 948,
is really good old Hour of Slack number 390 from 12 years ago,
and yet it could happen tomorrow.
Tomorrow.
Stuck in a nowhere job?
Tired of rhetoric about privacy rights,
illegal speech and seizure,
or innocence until proven guilty?
Don't get PO'd, join the P-Lease.
Yes, the P-Lease,
America's fastest growing organ of law enforcement.
In just one day, you'll become a highly trained urinalysis deputy,
empowered by law to make on-the-spot urine checks.
Watch the fun as you make them drop drawers and pee in a cup anywhere,
in crowded elevators, in church,
or family barbecues.
If any testees have used illegal substances in the last six years, you'll know.
And as a P-Lease deputy, you'll have the power to impound,
imprison, confiscate everything they own,
including illegal substances.
So the next time you hear them say civil rights,
don't get PO'd, join the P-Lease.
Just send $2, cash, check, money order, or credit card
to You're in Trouble, One Vicious Circle, Utter Missouri 1330.
Act now while law for laughs and get the amazing little stoolie fecal sampler.
Don't get PO'd, join the P-Lease.
You say the taxman just took away your barrel and your bleep is freezing in a high wind.
Your car just made a sound like a dying moose and came to a halt on the off ramp
after spitting out a bucket of gear teeth.
Just finished knocking back your third bottle of NyQuil during the Wren and Stimpy Festival
and you feel like taking a whiz on the electric fence.
The aliens removed your brain for their pathology studies and you don't even care?
Well, my friend.
You're ready for a big healthy dose of the subgenius hour of slack.
No one knows how to put the m-huh back in Christmas
like J.R. Bob Dobbs and his twisted henchman, the Reverend Ivan Stang.
Your good friends and prayer partners in your bid to secure your place in hell
and stop worrying about all this unapproachable crapola.
So, refuse to take your medication for a week
and tie yourself to the kitchen chair for the next neuron-popping episode of
the subgenius hour of slack.
On that bastion of bogus southern hospitality,
this station,
and almighty
this city,
this state,
where the horses have silver wings,
the whales all speak French,
and the politicians are honest.
Yeah, right, and Ross Perot's gonna pay off my student loan too.
I mean, praise Bob!
Have the technology, have the tapes.
Bob told me to make this.
Not gonna resist.
And if during the proceedings a small chlorine-oxypropylene bag should drop down,
open the receiving flap and inhale deeply.
Don't ask questions.
Prepare to have your mind scanned for possible bozosaurian traces.
Scanning now.
...
...
...
...
...
...





...




Knife down.
There must've been around for so much money.
ありFYme bank will fill theplease enter stream toall será
no
Wowoo
Who, who are we talking about,
Fucking
los
tecuance
f teams
...
Amen.
We are incidentally guested this morning by a distinguished member of the clergy,
the Right Reverend Archbishop.
I am happy to say that I have received a vision from J.R. Dobbs
that you have been promoted to Archbishop.
Oh, God, that's news to me.
That's pretty exciting.
I was just a sacred scribe until half an hour ago.
Well, I guess being on this national broadcast
has helped you to get a little bit of a feel for the church.
It has had a very good reaction.
We had a story yesterday that I'd like to get to the bottom of, frankly,
about cow mutilations.
Now, these cows were suffering from having their udders removed.
Their peni were sliced off, surgically, I might add.
With incredible surgical precision.
Yes, it was.
And the other thing that was reamed out was their rectum.
I have no idea why anyone...
And I quote...
I quote from the Bible to give some testimony
to the fact that this is going.
The fire of God is fallen from heaven
and hath burned up the sheep and the servants and consumed them.
Am I only the escaped one alone to tell thee of?
That, of course, is Job, chapter 1, verse 16.
Job.
Nowadays, when you've got a stale economy, you call them Job.
Job.
Job, chapter 1, verse 16.
So, cow mutilations is...
Can I give you some facts and see if you can verify these for me?
Oh, please do.
I am advised by a study done by my research director, Rob Robbie.
A tiny percentage are done by miscellaneous small cults
like Satanists and the Davidians, bikers, etc.
About 10% are done by one major Odinist right-wing Christian cult.
composed mostly of Texas oil millionaires who are essentially seeking, I guess, a ritualistic way of curing their impotence.
Now you know what Ross Perot does in his spare time.
Calmulations.
Yeah, well, he's got the silent choppers and, you know, all the equipment.
Well, I guess you really need it.
And the motivation.
I am advised, sir, and I'm glad I have you face-to-face because I don't like to back down from these types of confrontations,
but I am advised that a great deal of subgeniuses, part of your church, all right,
fresh from Dobstown on their first initiation test, are involved in these mutilations.
And that it's not done as a test of their mettle.
It's a scientific fact that the only proper way, well, to divine the future is by reading fresh animal bowels.
Well, I'm sorry.
This is a serious matter.
Hey, it's right there in Book of the Subgenius.
It says so right there in Black and White.
It does say that, then.
Then you have admitted to that.
Well, sure.
I mean, you haven't lived until you've gone out on a nice little cattle mutilation initiation hunt.
Probably the largest and most ruthless gang of saboteurs in this country.
I know.
For six months they thought I was one of them.
Distrins for all the lawyers, doctors, ex-wives, and all the other...
The gold diggers out there!
What is it, man?
Oh, and let them die with dignity.
Why, you dirty...
But, boss, but, but, but, but...
Isn't it wonderful what you can do with some wire and a few electric bulbs?
A little child looks up at me, sometimes with their eyes open.
You know, right about 500 grams is when their eyes begin to open.
My half-staff turns to me and says, Dr. Foroth, what do we do?
I didn't come in here with three points and a poem today.
I could care less whether you think I can preach a lick or not.
You understand that?
All I care about is saying, Thus saith the Spirit of God.
All I care about is getting in the mountain and standing behind that desk
with lips anointed from coals off the fire, ready to declare the word of the living God.
And I'm ready.
They were red as crimson.
They were red as crimson.
Now they're white as wool.
You don't have to encourage somebody that knew they were a dirty, rotten hunk of stinking, sinful flesh.
No matter how you dice it out, no matter how you dice it out,
it's still a matter of existing.
If it feels good, do it.
Anything goes.
Drug is being hallucinated.
Well, we're speaking now, of course, as you know, with Father Joe Mama,
who is at the end of the Democratic Convention.
We're looking down on the floor.
You can see at the subgenius convention just what happened.
We heard the news about Jesus and the handgun.
We'll be going to descriptions of that soon.
We just wondered what you saw from where you were.
Well, I felt that the proceedings were very interesting from an academic standpoint, of course.
I can say that without any hesitation.
That is, without any hesitation.
That the chaos that ensued was typical of that involving any sort of political assassination.
I personally think Jesus is a patsy.
Yeah.
He, uh, this magic bullet theory.
Yeah, me too.
The magic splinter theory also.
There are all these theories.
They're just theories.
Well, I mean, you know, I mean, they'd only be theories.
I mean, I tried it.
Only Jesus would be accused of being able to kill a man with one bullet with three different
entry rules.
I mean, you know, what do they think this guy is?
Some sort of God?
I mean, let's get real.
I believe we got a whole lot of folks sitting in church think they're saved that aren't.
That's the reason we got to hire 14 more preachers to counsel them all day long.
Shout now!
Shout now!
Oh!
Yeah!

Yeah!
Brother Rock, don't put that condemnation on me.
Let's play God.
My dear young man, you know as well as I do that God is dying all over the world.
Man invented him but doesn't need him anymore.
Man is God now.
As a matter of fact, he always was.
Overpopulation, pollution, famine, nuclear holocaust.
War.
This civilization is driving us into the sea of extinction.
The keynote is control.
Bless the province of politicians, not scientists.
Yes, but we're the only ones who are trying to combat the problem now.
In 20 years' time, we will be in positions of power and then we'll be ready to act for the good of humanity.
Ah, just like that.
Like the Church of the Subgenius, dear friends.
We've been, uh, enjoying media barrages here on the Hour of Slack from many of our friends.
Starting with the P. Lease by Brain Rot Theater.
Uh, Hell Pope Huey's new contributions and promos.
Reverend Joe Riley's evil bull daughter.
Uh, Reverend Joe Riley's evil bull daughter.
Barrage.
And the barrages of Dr. Legume.
And, uh, KHSU Subgenius Show.
And good Reverend Morton Downey.
And a wonderful collection of Reverend Parsley.
From our dear friend, Reverend Uncle Jimmy.
As well as some KPFA Berkeley puzzling evidence.
And Papa Joe Mama.
And more of these things coming up.
Uh, friends.
Oh, by the way.
As, uh, Vincent Price was just saying there.
We got an amazing document in the mail.
Uh, a top, uh, a copy of what supposedly is top secret material.
A document called Silent Weapons for Quiet Wars.
Silent Weapons for Quiet Wars.
A blueprint for your eventual enslavement.
And, uh, I, I don't want to say who sent this to us.
Of course, this could, I suppose, possibly, uh, be a hoax.
Uh, whoa.
I can't put, can't use that tape, friends.
That tape deck.
I'm going to use this one up here.
Did you hear that?
That noise that came in?
There's no telling what they were trying to do to us there.
With that one.
But, you know, as the preface to this thing says here,
conspiracy theories are not new in history.
For example, plots to kill Caesar and overthrow Rome abounded.
But there are many who go out of their way to ridicule and silence
those who today speak of conspiracies.
Why do you think they don't want people to think about conspiracies?
As seldom does hard evidence emerge that by its very content
indicates it serves as a blueprint for a conspiracy.
Yet the very nature and information in the top secret
Silent Weapons for Quiet Wars introductory programming manual
reads like a government technical manual from some secret group of
think tank planners who have put many years of research and development
into creating a new science of social engineering so they can better manipulate the masses.
This document was uncovered quite by accident on July 7th, 1986,
when an employee of Boeing Aircraft Company purchased a surplus IBM copier for scrap parts at a sale
and discovered inside details of a plan hatched in the embryonic days of the Cold War
which called for control of the masses through manipulation of industry,
people's pastimes, education, and political leanings.
It called for a quiet revolution, pitting brother against brother
and diverting the public's attention.
Sobe Yani de la quemembert
control of social energy.
All science is merely a means to an end.
The means is knowledge.
The end is control.
Beyond this remains only one issue, who will be the beneficiary.
In 1954, this was the issue of primary concern.
Although the so-called moral issues were raised, in view of the law of natural selection, it
was agreed that a nation or world of people who will not use their intelligence are no
better than animals who do not have intelligence.
Such people are beasts of burden and stakes on the table by choice and consent.
Consequently, in the interest of future world order, peace and tranquility, it was decided
to privately wage a quiet war against the American people.

The public was the ultimate objective of permanently shifting the natural and social energy or wealth
of the undisciplined and irresponsible many into the hands of the self-disciplined, responsible
and worthy few.
In order to implement this objective, it was necessary to create, secure, and apply new
weapons, which, as it turned out, were a class of weapons so subtle and sophisticated in
the principle of operation and public appearance as to earn for themselves the name of silent
weapons.
In conclusion, the objective of economic research as conducted by the magnates of capital, banking,
and the industries of goods and services is the establishment of an economy which is totally
predictable and manipulatable.
In order to achieve a total and absolute peace, the economic system must be completely controlled

and controlled.
In order to achieve a totally predictable economy, the lower class elements of society
must be brought under total control, i.e., must be housebroken, trained, and assigned
a yoke and long-term social duties from a very early age, before they have an opportunity
to question the propriety of the matter.
In order to achieve such conformity, the lower class family unit must be disintegrated and
by a process of increasing preoccupation of the parents and the establishment of government-operated
day care centers for the occupationally orphaned children.
The quality of education given to the lower class must be of the poorest sort, so that
the mote of ignorance isolating the inferior class from the superior class is and remains
incomprehensible to the inferior class.
With such an initial handicap, even the most powerful of the lower class must be taken

into account.
Even bright lower-class individuals will have little, if any, hope of extricating themselves
from their assigned lot in life.
This form of slavery is essential to maintaining some measure of social order, peace, and tranquility
for the ruling class.
The silent weapon shoots situations instead of bullets.
It is propelled by data processing instead of chemical reactions, originating from bits
of data instead of grains of gunpowder, from a computer instead of a gun, operated by a
computer programmer instead of a marksman, and under the orders of a banking magnate instead
of a military general.
The public cannot comprehend this weapon, and therefore cannot believe that they are
being attacked and murdered.
The public might instinctively feel that something is wrong, but because of the technical nature
of the silent weapon, cannot express their feeling in a rational way or handle the problem
with intelligence.
Therefore, they do not know how to cry for help.
Ah yes, and then it goes on to describe the silent weapon, dear friends, Mr. Rothschild's
energy discovery.
Apparent capital as a paper inductor and so forth.
And they use a sort of shock testing, by which the prices of commodities are shocked and
the public consumer reaction is monitored.
The resulting echoes of the economic shock are interpreted theoretically by computers,
and the psycho-economic structure of the economy is thus discovered.
It is by this process that partial differential and differentialization is achieved.

Hence matrices that define the family household make possible its evaluation as an economic
industry, or in other words the household as dissipative consumer structure.
Then the response of the household to future shocks can be predicted and manipulated, and
society becomes a real regulated animal, with its reins under the control of a sophisticated
computer regulator.
The system is then regulated by a self-regulated social energy bookkeeping system.
Eventually, every individual element of the structure comes under computer control through
a knowledge of personal preferences, such knowledge guaranteed by computer association
of consumer preferences, through the universal product code, or UPC, the zebra strike pricing
codes on packages, with identified consumers, identified via association with the use of
a credit card.
The document, dear friends, then goes on to describe the formula for the economic model
of the silent weaponry, with various diagrams of the three industrial classes, and looks
sort of almost electronic.
The way it's laid out will for instance be as follows.


The E-model of economic inductance, time flow relationships, and self-destructive oscillations.
And then it comes to this little situation here, dear friends, by which we find that
the social welfare program is nothing more than an open-ended credit balance system,
which creates a false capital industry to give non-productive people the opportunity



to operate at more labor-intensive cost.
And eventually, people who give market value Ribbon with the
intent to make the money come into their books and salvage them, as you've heard and then
more and more.
But who are the Gladiator Games?








Screen text 3 becomes a desk.
Screen text 4 lists low and mid cost onuu for the one who mainly consists of low and
prof accordants.
Screen text 537 Frants free of charge.
Scene text 6という for those who tend to sit in a must set with a lover.
Screen text 7 Was a point.
In this, the method of introducing large amounts of stabilizing capacitance is by borrowing
on the future credit of the world.
This is the fourth law of motion and consists of performing an action and leaving the system
before the reaction returns to the point of action.
A delayed reaction and by this means politicians become popular in their own time and the public
pays for it later.
In fact, the measure of such a politician is the delay time.
The same thing is achieved by a government printing money beyond the limit of gross national
product, an economic process called inflation.
This puts a large quantity of money in the hands of the public and maintains a balance
against their greed, creates a false self-confidence in them and for a while stays the wolf from
the door.
But they must eventually resort to war to balance the account because war ultimately
is merely the act of destroying the creditor and the politicians are the publicly hired
hitmen that justify the act to keep the responsibility and blood off the public conscience.
If the people really cared about their fellow man, they would control their appetite and

their greed, their procreation, etc. so that they would not have to operate on a credit
or welfare social system which steals from the worker to satisfy the bum.
Since most of the general public will not exercise restraint, there are only two alternatives
to reduce the economic inductance of the system.
One, let the population bludgeon each other to death in the name of the system.
Two, let the government take control of the world by the use of economic silent weapons
in a form of quiet warfare and reduce the economic inductance of the world to a safe
level by a process of benevolent slavery and genocide.
The latter option has been taken as the obviously best option.
At this point it should be crystal clear to the reader why absolute secrecy about the
silent weapons is necessary.
The general public refuses to improve its own mentality and its faith in its fellow
man.
It has become a herd of proliferating barbarians and, so to speak, a blight upon the face of
the earth.
They do not care enough about economic science to learn why they have not been able to avoid
war despite religion.
Their religious morality and their religious or self-gratifying refusal to deal with earthly
problems renders the solution of the earthly problem unreachable by them.
It is left to those few who are truly willing to think and survive as the fittest to survive
to solve the problem for themselves as the few who really care.
Otherwise...
Exposure of the silent weapon would destroy our only hope of preserving the seed of future
true humanity.
And see dear friends, I have gone and just exposed the secret of the silent weapon over
the radio, destroying their hope of preserving the seed of future true humanity.
But since when, my friend, did we need to preserve the secret of the silent weapon?

If you are a full-blooded human, then why have the full-blood human not a drop of yeti blood
in it?
And I don't see any point in us mollycoddling those people.
And as far as I'm concerned, you should respond to the secrets revealed in this document written
by the higher-ups in the conspiracy itself by contributing to your voice of the Church
of the Subgenius.
If you think the subgenius in your area, dear friend, ah yes, because we love you
and we want to save you from that evil, evile conspiros.
Ah yes.
God understands.
He doesn't condemn you.
No!
Excuse me!
God does not understand!
No!
Excuse me!
God does not understand!
I was moist and fully self-actualized,
brimming with the vital juices of life,
a hero to every guy,
a source of lust to every girl,
and the nightmare of every mom.
Yes, I was flying high
and leaving a trail of delightful turmoil in my fetid wake.
But just as I thought it couldn't get any better,
just when I thought I was about to be elected God
so as I could fix this mess good and proper once and for all,
Negi sucked me dry.
I had my Harley.
I had my Harley.


I was all tuned up for a turf-ripping run
through the fields of middle-class complacency.
I was set to teach the fair maidens of the cheerleading society
what it meant to be left widespread,
grass-stained, and sweaty in the wake of my gladular excesses.
All thoughts of Tupperware, pink bows,
and evening news over a nice dinner
skewered on the pike of my flaming societal rage.
Oh, yes!
I was fully prepared to set fire to everything in sight,
burning new pathways in the brains of the pink and mewling scum
who haunt the mall,
making even the most of my life a waste.
I had my occasional excursions thereof
in pursuit of some minor plastic crap,
a sleigh ride through hell unbounded.
I was fully loaded and snorting
with hellish anticipation of the unforgettable rampage
which would splash the front pages of magazines
and newspapers worldwide.
But suddenly,
Negi sucked me dry.
The lab was fully stocked,
the quivering subjects strapped down,
the batteries,
the batteries charged,
and the electrodes in place.
The drill bits were sharpened,
the clamps well-oiled,
the beakers filled with the vile fluids of my intent.
The hookahs were primed,
the incense burning,
the sacrificial chickens,
goats,
former employers,
and imaginary enemies drugged and ready.
The generators were churning,
the light bill paid,
the guns loaded with the best explosive shells money could buy.
But suddenly,
Negi sucked me dry.
Oh, you can wear a fake beard and dark glasses.
You can trade buses, planes, and rickshaws till you're dizzy.
You can nail the basement door shut,
crank up the anti-virus programs,
turn out the lights and muzzle the kids.
You can wear three rubbers, a gas mask, and a raincoat, and nothing else.
You can buy an arsenal of automatic weapons and nerve gases.
You can build your own pocket.

You can dig a moat around the house and fill it with piranha.
You can buy a six pack of slobbering pit bulls and a gross of tigers for the perimeter.
You can put in voice print, retina print, and tongue print computers with crisscross lasers aimed at the doormat where the subject to be scanned will stand.
You can hire Batman, Hannibal Lecter, and Hulk Hogan for bodyguards.
You can fly straight up in the air, screaming like a banshee, flinging fluids and vital organs everywhere.
But sooner or later, no matter how far you run or how big your gun,
you're gonna have to look in the mirror like everybody else and admit to yourself,
Neagy sucked me dry.
And you can do it on top of your ass,
like how Bullizi did.

C crédits
God does not understand.
You said I'd pick up my foot, but he'd put it down.
You said the steps of a good man are ordered of the Lord.
Lord, I don't want to fall in the ditch.
I don't want to be the blind leading the blind.
God, I need the Holy Ghost conviction to keep me on the right track,
to keep me in the center of your will,
to keep me progressing toward the glory.
I'm destined for the throne, and I refuse to take a bypass.
I refuse.
And we've got slaughtered men and women of God
laying around us like cordwood.
They're dead. The life's gone out of them.
No unction, no anointing.
You know why? They refused conviction.
They were numb to conviction.
They turned a deaf ear to the wooing voice of the Spirit of God,
and now they're dead.
My God, that's worth the price of admission.
I know his name.
I know his name.
I know his name.
He didn't leave with no exact...
Telephone rang, it would not stop,
it's President Kennedy calling me up.
He said, my friend Bob, what do we need to make the country grow?
I said, my friend John.
The subgenius must have slack!
The subgenius...
...boss.
Three!
Wow!
Wow!
Remember, there's a big difference between kneeling down and bending over.
He didn't leave with Lucifer.
Kill Bob!
I know what you want.
You want to kill me.
No!
No!
No!
Can, you know, shoot the s*** with the best of them.
But what about Nectar?
Well, when the fly finds it's time to mate, or rut,
he puts out his feelers, turns up his olfactory and other sensory nerve inputs,
and scans the horizon for the picant, marshmallow smell of a female fly in heat.
Ah, lucky fellow.
He's found.
Yes, her mysterious dance seems to lift up his day and light up his night.
But it's all right.
As she comes to accept him, it's no secret that the fly's orgasmic pleasure
is matched only by his built-in proportionate inability to remain in a fixed location for any length of time.
For no sooner has the mating couple filled each other's goby nodules with albumin and spoo
than the fly, ever-touring, ever-seeking Nectar, flies off to another destination,
smiling all the while as the facets in his mirror-like covering reflect grace, land, and mansions of endless stars.
Thus filling in the blank spaces of nature's lost address book.
Is it all in the name of love?
Or is this conscious pest but a note in the marvelous symphony of nature's universe?
Perhaps we'll never know.
But the next time you see a common fly, remember, there's more to this pesky fellow's life
than rancid oatmeal and his attraction to that light bulb over your bed.
Yes, one of nature's most misunderstood anomalies, Mr. Fly will always be a part of our insect world.
Woo-hoo! Woo-hoo! Woo-hoo!
Woo-hoo!
Taratit that time.
Here I am again, Mga Patatid, a Kaiban Sabuhay at Living Gun.
Narito Nanaman, an inyong wonderful and sexy doll, upang mahatid sa inyong pananahimik,
ang maga topsy-turvy news sa ating local cinema.
Kayat, let us prepare everything now, especially ourselves, for this wonderful tisibisyan.
Nagayon pagasumaka.
Sumahin natin.
Ang katanagyan nini torso.
Bogi si tirso handsome.
A good dresser.
Si mantasata clean-cut.
Ata si tirso ayamohas.
Aya umawitata sumayaya.
Then, ang naging second love.
Naman ninora na si Manny.
Angi close-up natatim.
Si Manny kahihit short.
Sa height kung itatitibi ke torso.
Katititi hindi si handsome na tulidni torso.
Si cute.
Naman atmey rune.
Ti-ting-tan-ta-na-it.
Hi, missus.
Talatang ang hirap ni ganga-maga-maga-maga-ano.
Imagine.
Ang mahala-maling ang mainga-bilhaming.
Ang dami-dami-pang maga-mananga-mangaka.
Ma-discourage ang manaka-maga-maga-burglars.
Oh, kung hingi man discourage ang magaito, at least make it difficult for them.
Lalo ne para-dun sa mga amateur sneak thieves.
Cloe Robinson.
Big-eye na big-eye na ang damahong in sa peliculaang big-eye.
Tom Tully is out of Beth Morgado.
Well, hindi da bomba on pelicula a little sex-lang.
Dear Mr. Auri, I am one of a million readers of your wonderful column,
which I believe can help me find a lot girl-right fo me.
I didn't even think before that I would be in need of your help, for I had girlfriends, yet they all deceived me.
However, I don't have any friends.

I don't have to blame even any one of them.
I've realized that we're not really men for each other.
With regard to the girl I'm looking for, she must be of a practical type, Caucasian, Catholic, understanding enough to get my situation.
She must not be necessarily beautiful or sexy, but charming and sexy and beautiful and simple to please my sophisticated heart.
Ngagli.
She must be a teacher, even pursuing still such a profession at 22 to 25 years of age, standing five to five.
Speaking of my humble self, I am an A.B. degree holder, and at present still pursuing my studies for a B.S.E. degree,
and at the same time employed in one of the private firms in the greater Manila area, making Manila folders.
Till here, and I'll be hoping for the best of your kind help.
Thanks in advance, and more power to your column.
Very respectfully, Tyrone.
Lang iligayang pangling mo roadside mailbox, sang house number na lang.
Mang laga gunga.
Ngat ni gansih ganga pang lang at num ro, an baya.
This way.
The Church of the Suns.
P.O. Box 140.
phrase 0.
6 Dallus.
Terseus.
7-5-2-1-4-3
Praise Bob.
That's right.
He- that Malaysian address is Bob, at post office box 140.
Praise Bob.

306 Dallas, Texas 75214.
But the new number is P.O. Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
You really can write for more free information from Bob at that number.
But I'll be giving that sacred post office box number again.
But in the meantime, I wanted to let you know what you have been listening to, dear friends.
We've heard Hell Pope Huey doing a Neagie sucked me dry.
A lovely sort of testimony there.
More of Reverend Parsley from Reverend Uncle Jimmy's tape that he sent in.
We've barely scratched the surface of that.
Dr. Legume's media broge.
Dr. Riley's media broge.
Bleepo Abernathy talking about flies in rut.
And that was the Fire Sign Theater.
Very rare recordings doing the Filipino ads there.
And coming up, we'll hear some ranting by Reverend Mike Cole in Cleveland.
A little bit of that.
Some, an amazing little piece about snake handlers that was sent in on a tape called America Freedom Acts by a devil guy.
I got a bag in the mail that had a, it had inside a black hood, an envelope of ashes, a piece of paper with devil writing and blood on it, and a vial of some milky fluid.
That tape.
And more KPFA coming up.
And, well, we'll just see.
We'll try to get down to the Rudy Schwartz project.
Oh.
Hi.
Are we not, men?
We are the subgenius!
Ah!
Oh, and Crop Circles.
That was another one.
You're doing Crop Circles now.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's, it, it, those two little old gentlemen in England took credit for it.
They were those 13,000 Crop Circles.
But obviously it had to have been a lot of subgenius help.
Well, I knew they had to have some help of some kind.
But I always thought that this was perhaps from a UFO.
A lot of them are from UFOs.
But they're, they're little minor joyriding UFOs.
Not the important UFOs that Bob Dobbs is in touch with.
Bob Dobbs is in touch.
One of Bob's main messages is that the world is going to end on July 5th, 1998 at 7 o'clock.
And the world is going to end on July 5th, 1998 at 7 o'clock.
Why, why, why that particular time and that particular day?
Uh, just, I guess it's a random choice on the part of the aliens.
The men from Planet X, or the sex goddesses from Planet X, have found themselves better.
Oh, my God.
I, I...
You're listening to the Church of the Subgenius radio ministry hour of Slack
with your host, the Reverend Ivan Stang.
Thank you.
Thank you.











I never steer you wrong.
Tell me where to turn.
Here.
Well, I was, I was thinking just the other day that we don't have that many of them subgenius holidays.
Oh, well, yeah, every, every day is Bob's birthday.
Yeah.
But, uh, I guess it's been a little bit tiresome in a while.
But I was thinking about July 5th.
Oh, it's, it's kind of a ways away.
You know, it's not that far away.
July 5th.
I remember, I remember Reverend, uh, Reverend Stang.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.




Yeah.
And, and he was talking, he was talking about that, uh, what goes off.
And he was telling, the importance of stay 1998.
And he, he, he was saying, he was saying, oh my God, what was that he said.
I've got to stay up all night.
and throbbing and dooning and gleaning
and doing X-Day chants about how the time is nigh for their arisal
and songs, you know, X-Day holiday songs like Take Me Off to Space,
which we'll be playing soon.
And on X-Day morning, of course, well, the grown-ups have been up all night,
but the kids get up real early because on X-Day,
the children are allowed to eat breakfast.
When we pulled up in the yard, I told the children here,
I said, we're going to have ourselves a time tonight.
I just knew that old church was going to be full of spirit, and it was, honey.
It was.
We went in there.
After we sung about three songs, they were shouting all over that church.
I've never seen so many people in one church shout.
And in a little while, they shouted themselves right around in back office.
Three loud.
Two ladies and two men.
Well, now, when we were hooking up, we saw some curtains or something laying over some boxes back there.
We didn't pay any attention to it.
Didn't know what was in there and didn't care.
But in a little while, they came out around us with five of the biggest rattlesnakes I have ever laid my eyes on.
I like to die.
When the service was over, they told us that the biggest rattlesnake they had in that service was five feet long.
Honey, the one they brought by me was 27 feet long.
They, they, and let me say this.
I'm not knocking these people.
I promise you I'm not knocking them.
I don't know if they're right or wrong, you know.
I'll tell you.
They, they claimed that they, they read in the Bible where Moses had enough faith to take up the service.
And some members of their congregation claimed to have that much faith.
And I'll tell you one thing I found out before I left there.
They had a whole lot more faith than what I had.
That, now, now, this one woman stopped about two feet from where I was trying to pick and sing.
I didn't even know what kiaz is.
She, she took that rattlesnake with a head as big as your fist and held it up and stuck it right down in her face and shouted in its ear.
If a rattlesnake's got a ear.
She wrapped that thing around her neck.
She threw it down on the floor, kicked off her shoe, and put her bare foot on top of it.
And she threw that thing down on the floor.
It's tail missed my foot about that far.
I done a little shouting myself.
And she thought I was in the spirit.
And brought me one of those rattlesnakes.


And she said,
What in the world are we going to do?
And I said,
Just take it easy.
Don't panic.
I said,
Just look around and find out where the back door is.
She said,






I already looked and there ain't none.
I said,
Reckon where do they want one?
And this lady walked up to me.
She said,
Brother Windy,
You mean to tell me if the Lord commanded you to take up the serpent, you wouldn't take him up?
I said,
Yes ma'am.
I surely would.
But he didn't and I ain't.
Then the devil pulls out the mask.
It's me, Bob.
Defeated.
Oh God.
Growing a translation mistake.
Looking up for the überhaupt.
This is where we found youruccidates.
They're tutaj.
This is their means of a living.
And you must stand united on this and stamp out this frightful assassin of our youth.
Because it is only through enlightenment that this scourge can be wiped out.
You're going to be ready for the finals in 1998, my friend.
Let me be slack.
Why don't you buy me a vibrator?
Why don't I put it in your mouth and you hum?
A person walking down a sandy beach barefoot,
whose foot has been numbed by Novocaine,
steps on the jagged edge of a broken bottle,
slits their foot,
and bleeds,
to death.
Because they never knew there was a problem.
My loss was his gain.
This was a manipulation, a tilting of the luck plane in his favor.
And what goes up must come down.
And when you're talking about the luck plane, you're talking about both sides at once.
One goes up, the other goes down.
I happen to be on the wrong end of the luck plane.
But Mr. Rob Dobson, you see, was on the right side of the luck plane.
And I bet he had a damn good seat for tonight's game.
What a wonderful paradise.
Is that a paradise?
Sort of.
He's on the coast, up north here, with all of his, well, what can you say, aliens and friends.
Oh, it's a family reunion.
What about me?
That's the code word we use, too.
Yes, it's a mighty big family tree we subgenius grow from.
That's right.
You never can tell what sort of branches can branch off here.
Well, we're going to the convention floor right now for that report about Jesus and a handgun.
Let's see what they have to say down there.
Jesus was running around at the spa last night with a handgun.
Really? Okay. You can see Reverend Stang there.
There you are.
And a wounded side and a crowned side.
I've got a positive idea on this, boys.
And I had a gun.
He was looking for Bob.
He was hunting for Bob. And so what happened?
Well, he was bumming drinks.
Yeah?
And he found him.
If you see him running around town, you'd be on the lookout.
Yes, he was.
And a wound in his side, a crown of thorns, a loincloth.
Yeah, and then I saw him going off with Connie, too.
That's a drinking, fighting Jesus for you.
It sure is. Quite a guy.
He was a real nice guy.
Did he miss Bob?
I wasn't around at that point.
No, no, I don't think he did. I don't think he hit Bob.
He missed him.
Yeah.
Something must have happened. We think the bullets were caught in some sort of void time warp or something.
Time warp or something. Yeah, I saw one of them.
I think there were even three different heads who were alive.
That's always a problem with those deities.
One of the things you have to do on the show here is wash the little ice bombs.
Over here in the corner is a sink over here.
And you can wash their little bodies.
That makes it all happen.
Okay, yeah, yeah.
Ran, ran.
Okay, we might have to leave the floor.
It looks like the crowd's getting ugly down there with Reverend Ivory staying.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh, they busted through the...
Are you afraid to die?
Well, there you go.
They busted through the third medium into Stang's brain.
They now reside there until we can perform the radio exorcism on the second half of the show.
Yes, I was there in the bar that night, the night that Jesus was allegedly running around,
but that was no handgun in his pocket.
He was just happy to see another cult.
He wanted those followers back.
Customer service.
Yes, dear.
Papa Joe here.
And, you know, I'm...
You're far too young to remember this, but when I was a boy, we didn't have any of these weaklings.
Jesus with a handgun.
We only prayed to an almighty God that puts fear, fear in his disciples.
I'm talking about Jesus with a hand grenade.
Fear in his cereal?
No, Jesus, back in my day, Jesus had AK-47.
Jesus had a Stinger missile.
I know, but...
Stang, that's the old world.
You're in new thinking now.
...a handgun.
But see, that's what's happened today.
People get sloughed off with these cheap imitations.
Yeah, but Papa Joe, Mama, I can't even have a list of high-ranking officials that were
there that night and were actually such geniuses.
All right, punch it up.
Well, it has been alleged that certain hierarchies have carried weapons of destruction on their
persons during public appearances, but this is merely a matter of time before we can get





to the real issue.
Let me assure you, these allegations of opening up on the audience, dispensing with people
that didn't applaud loud enough, these are purely exaggerations.
Okay, all right, there was some shooting on the audience, but it was target practice.
We were deliberately missing.
No, tell the truth.
Okay, okay, so all right, a few people were hit, but that was from...
And we dial up Rocky Man.
...rickety.
What a beautiful future it is.
And how many people were killed?




Listen, would I lie to you? Would I lie to you?
Those people that died, those were people that wanted to die.
They jumped up in the line of fire.
Would you lie to me? What about that night you told me you were...
Well, never mind.
Never mind, never mind. Quote the Raven, never mind.
Get off of me!
He screamed at the orderlies when told he was actually
Farlow Fudd, doctor of dental surgery.
He struggled with his bonds and snapped his jaws at them viciously,
his mouth foaming like a St. Bernard's.
The drugs had shown some beneficial effect at first, but as time wore on,
his violent reassertion of his fictitious persona pushed aside any hope
that chemical management would lead to a breakthrough.
Get the electrodes, sighed Dr. Fine.
He shook his head in resigned frustration.
The man had already absorbed the full charge of four diehard batteries
and was still no better.
His burning devotion to this Bob Dobbs was most disturbing.
Either it was the product of a fevered, sick mind,
or this Bob had somehow tormented the man into a state of burning psychotic loyalty
unlike anything they'd seen before.
Perhaps it was both.
Hell-poke Huey, indeed.
Well, regardless, I have a job to do, thought the doctor,
as he pulled on his thick rubber gloves and goggles.
And to think I used to enjoy this, he thought.
Something had to work soon.
There were only three orderlies left,
and one of them refused to approach this patient again,
even with the peril of being fired over his head.
As the raving man had put the others in the ICU
with snapped bones and large pieces bitten out of them,
the doctor couldn't really blame him.
Perhaps he really was the Pope of Hell.
He was certainly earning his self-imposed title.
Oh, well.
One last try with electricity,
and then it would be time to turn to firearms.
Suddenly, there were screams in the hall,
followed by a terrifying, rumbling crash
that sounded like someone had loosed a thunderhead in the building.
The multifaceted sonic chaos made him feel like a frightened child again,
and his bladder loosened violently.
Against his better judgment,
he ran from the room and turned the corner
to see the orderlies in pools of their own blood,
their arms ripped from the sockets,
unimaginable burns, smoking,
and filling the air with the acrid tang of ozone.
Worse yet, one of them had been separated from his head,
which lay forlornly in the corner like a discarded ragdoll,
except that ragdolls didn't ooze loops of intestine
and purple-pink brain matter.
My dear God, his nose has been bitten off,
Dr. Fine thought as he vomited,
and he was in a state of shock.
I guess he shouldn't have called the man names when all this started,
he thought absently,
part of his fractured mind shutting itself off
in a bid to prevent a complete breakdown.
There was a huge hole in the wall,
jaggedly rent as if some unimaginable force of nature
had gone berserk,
which was, ironically, exactly what had happened.
A few bricks fell from the smoking edges of the gas as he watched,
mouth agape, vomitous, unwiped,
as he tried to wrap a protective cocoon around his mind
until he could get to some tranquilizers.
Hmm.
Bob Dobbs and Hell Pope Huey, he mused absently.
I'll remember those names.
Ah!
Yes, dear friends, and...
Oh, you can remember...
the name of J.R. Bob Dobbs
by writing for free information.
That's right.
You can get all kinds of free stuff in the mail
just by letting us know you care enough
to send off for that wonderful packet.
You can write Bob.
You got that pencil ready, friend?
I'm going to give you a couple of different addresses tonight.
You can write to Bob at Post Office Box
181-417
Cleveland Heights
08107
Ohio
44118
But, but, but, but, but...
Agent L!
Now, the conspiracy talks about something called deviant sex.
To the conspiracy, deviant sex is anything except having, uh,
trying to have a baby in the missionary position.
That's the only thing we consider to be a sin!
Alright!
Am I preaching right now?
Am I preaching right now?
That knew they were a dirty rotten hunk of stinking sinful
hunk of stinking sinful flesh
dirty rotten hunk of stinking sin
dirty rotten hunk of stinking sinful
hunk of stinking sinful
dirty rotten hunk of
They were red as crimson, now they're white as wool!
dirty rotten hunk of stinking sinful flesh
Oh, now that's hogwash.
Every person pulled his hair and clawed the ground!
This is a battlefield, sir!
This is no recreation room!
That's it!
That's the great sin!
But, who wants to play Russian with red?
The next time that somebody wants you to go to bed with them,
with or without a condom,
you're packing along a loaded revolver with you when you go.
And not only that, when you go to bed with that person,
you're not just going to bed with that person,
you're going to bed with every other person that person has ever gone to bed with before in their life.
So just picture it as if you're all crawling into one bed together.
The Rudy Schwartz Project.
Friends, if you want more information about the Church of the Subgenius,
please check out www.subgenius.com.
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
