What is with the completeness of love?
I know that you love me a lot, and you don't have any distrust, and you don't love me at all.
Even if it wasn't the first time, I'll be your friend.
Two hundred hours of slack.
Life on.
The air.
Yes, friends, we're back.
The show that, the only radio show in the Southwest that probably plays more pieces of music by perpetrators of the Tate murders,
the Tate-LaBianca murders, than any other show.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
As my, as old Will here says.
I love you.
It's yineour turn.
Too late now.
Get lost with our emphasized city.
Original lead, Tipo.

So when I thought of the Tate and when I thought of the North...


Look at yes such a surprise.
It's former.




One detail.
And they said, yea, though it causeth my ears anguish and my brain to hurt between my ears, nevertheless it is good.
Do me a favor. Me. Kill me. Smart head. Kill me first. Do me a favor. Because you're driving me crazy.
This is Bob speaking. When you say that, you make yourself sure sound dumb. Loosen some of your halos, sister. Praise the Lord.
Now let's talk about ice sheet.
Yeah, ice sheet. Let's, no, let's not talk about ice sheet, dear friends.
Them crazy, crazy, crazy rooskies.
They attend church in a pretty white dress. Squeezes the hem, no tie to impress.
Sings like an angel, sweats like a thief. Bit me last night like it on the knee.
Hey, hey, we're so wild. All your farmer's daughters gonna reap from your soul.
Hey, hey, we're so wild. Dancing with the milky moon.
Baby, take communion with the rest of the clan. They bought a pack-moon tour to the Holy Land.
At the shrine of the Virgin, she was dressed to kill. With her mad dog twin and her birth control pills.
Hey, hey, we're so wild. All your farmer's daughters gonna reap from your soul.
Hey, hey, we're so wild. Dancing with the milky moon.
Hey, hey.
Oh, on your haze, haze, haze and maze. On your haze, haze, haze and maze.
Flopping haze, haze, haze and maze.
Talking pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty.
Well, we cry sometimes for no reason at all
Makes the man so nervous in the good things he's called
Most little angels all sit there
A child of God with a bigger spirit
Oh, hey, hey, we're so wild
All your farmers' daughters gonna eat what you sow
Hey, hey, we're so wild
Dance and eat the milky milk
Oh, come on
Hey, hey, we're so wild
Bow to your partner in a cozy door
Hey, hey, we're so wild
Dance and eat the milky milk
All right now
Hey, hey, we're so wild
Hey, hey, we're so wild
Hey, hey, we're so wild
Hey, hey, we're so wild
Hey, hey, we're so wild
Oh, yes
Oh, yes
Oh, yes
Oh, yes
Oh, yes
Oh, yes
Oh, yes
Oh, yes
Oh, yes
Oh, yes
Oh, yes
Oh, yes
Oh,彥
Oh, yes
Oh, نال
Oh, we, we're so wild
Oh, yes
Oh, I see
Oh, язы fires
The church tends to attract loners and eccentrics, a few total idiots and mad crazies, but really
the last thing a lonely loner needs is another eccentric loner.
So a Bob and the church do not provide that most crucial element of your life because
you can't copulate with the church, but it nevertheless provides at least a good jumping
off point for the second most necessary thing, which is fake meaning for life.
It reassures you that your version of meaning is as valid as the next guy's and that it's
perfectly okay if it's yours alone.
It reassures you that you aren't the only one who suspects your grandma's crazy when
she says all unbaptized babies will fry in hell for eternity just because they didn't
have written contracts with God Jr.
It's a reassurance that just reminds you all the time that that's all it is.
A reassurance.

A real bottom level assurance and beliefs that you started with are still yours.
You can keep them.
We merely provide expert help in the window dressing of these things.
For a price, of course.
But you know this church is cheaper than most of your store bought religions.
You get more for your dollar.
It's less habit forming and it's really easy to kick Dobbs, believe it or not.
Honest.
You don't believe me?
Because see, Bob doesn't want to be the monkey on your back.
Dear friends, he's got better things to do.
Unlike certain versions of Jesus.
Sure you want supernatural help.
Everybody wants something for nothing and it's pretty tempting to believe you're getting
it.
But our experiment has proved, I think, that you can get it without even believing in it.
It's all faith healing and placebos and Jesus is a placebo and so is Bob.
And that doesn't demean either one of them.
Although it does elevate the useless sugar pill to deity status.
And it's too bad.
That's the way it is.
And it doesn't leave you in a lonely abyss of disbelief.
In fact, it puts you in some damn good company.
You become a peer of Jesus, Bob and the placebo pill too.
You're as good or as bad as you think you are.
And I hope you think you're so good you're bad.
And so you therefore act accordingly and not mess up everybody else's day.
Thank y'all.
So that's it.
We just explained it all.
Now we don't have to do anything else for the rest of the hour.
You do though.
You can call for information in Dallas, Texas from 9 to 10 o'clock p.m. Central Standard Time at 823-7490.
That's right.
823-7490.
Speak to Will O'Dobbs, one of Bob's chosen fishers of wallets.
And, uh, yeah.
There he is on the phone again.
Call in.
Call in.

Call in.
He says.
This is Gil Prosciutto for the Money Mall.
At the Money Mall, we help you with the only barter system left in the civilized world.
We got money for you to buy or sell.
Buy money, sell money.
Money to lend, to save, to store in a cool place.
Money for all occasions.
Money to lease, loan, dig up, burn, fritter away, hoard, extort, beg, borrow, invest, loan shark.
You name it, we'll arrange it.
Deferred payment plans are available until you can't stand it any longer.
Lump sum payment plan.
Rotating charge accounts.
Budget allotments.
Monthly allowances.
Blue chip point plans.
Low yield, high gain annual annuities.
Kickbacks.
Plain brown bags.
Unnumbered Swiss bank accounts.
Bag men and women.
Slash funds.
Duplicate books.
Missing accountants.
Counterfeit or confederate non-sequential bills.
Phony credit cards.
Social security numbers.
Are the debtor missing?
Yes.
Money to buy, sell, or burn.
All in an attractive package available under an unlisted phone number.
Why wait?
Call the nearest office at the Money Mall.
False dependents.
Phony exemptions.
Notary publics and eyewitnesses to transactions.
Get them all before they're hot.
Call us at the Money Mall.
Subsidiary of Great White Loan Company, Macon, New Jersey.
What does Bob do?
Does Bob yield?
Well if Bob gets wrong and I get wrong, that must be all right.
Well if Bob gets wrong and I get wrong, that must be all right.
That must be all right.
You know, things were different in my day.
I mean, these kids these days, they walk around like they were zombies.
I mean, that's what really makes me mad.
Back when I was a zombie, things were a little bit different.
You know, when we rose from the dead, it was at 6 a.m., not noon.
We ate the flesh of a young woman's corpse.
We did it with respect.
Respect for the woman and respect for the corpse.
And kids these days are walking around with just computerized this, that, video games.
I remember back in my day, just to iron clothes.
We just had to heat our hands up over a stove and then just rub your hot hand over the clothes.
I mean...
Well it's all these body eatings that made people spoiled.
Yeah, I remember back in my day, to just even walk to school in the morning, I had to walk across the surface of the sun while I was eating.
And I was just, you know, swallowing fish hooks.
So that'll...
That was on a cold day, too.
Yeah, in a snowstorm.
You know, the trick of picking chicken is picking what chicken to pick.
Like this fowl I plucked the other day.
Look how plump and funny.
I'll have to put it out of its misery, but it looks so funny in its little bag.
You can trick and kick that chicken, but you've got the right chicken to pick.
Yeah.
Well, we'll let you go back to sleep.
This has been educational.
And we'll send you a copy.
A simul-fax copy of yours.
Write for another copy of our experiment.
Which you're hearing right now, right?
You get to hear how intelligent and intelligent I am at 7 o'clock in the morning.
You're hearing for the very first time the copy of yourself right now.
You're not going to stand up and hear my tape played.
You're going to hear your tape played.
And it won't be in a secretary around until you raise a part of it.
You might need to just take off and run!
Bob's running with the devil.
So you're going to run way to the other.
One way or the other.
What else do you do?
Come on, kids.
Honey?
Well?
Here we are.
The park.
Come on, everybody.
Welcome to Synthetic National Park 116B.
I'm Jack, your animatronic ranger and guide.
Please step on conveyor and press A for nature excursion.
Okay.
Kindly direct your attention to the astroturf and fabric forest.
You will notice the mechanized bears are not threatened by us and will not respond in a
hostile manner, unlike real bears of the past.
Growl.
Growl.
And over on the right are 3D computer generated water birds.
Hey, that's not real water.
It's not real water in those rapids, is it?
Of course not.
It's basically recycled liquid wastes and salvaged oil spills from tanker accidents dyed
blue and white and mechanically propelled by small nuclear rotors for a historically
correct effect.
We're proud to say it's almost aesthetically perfect as well.
What about the clouds and the blue sky?
Computer generated.
What about the warm temperatures?
Greenhouse effect.
Not bad for New York in February, huh?
Yes, thanks to the efforts of one time President George Bush over 100 years ago, real parks
were cleared away and controlled, easy to maintain environments like this one were created.
Which park was this?
It was called Central Park, I believe, but I'm only a ranger, not a historian.
Please, follow me, folks.
There's much more of the park to see.
Having trouble getting the children to eat their food, Mom?
Kids complaining that they don't like the taste of fish?
Try Mrs. Filabert's deflavored fish.
The fish that doesn't taste like anything.
That caviar was great, Mom.
Pass the anchovies.
Thanks for dinner, dear.
It was tasteless.
They didn't taste a thing.
And you will too when you serve Mrs. Filabert's deflavored fish.
The fish that needs no flavoring.
Marge, that tasted like nothing I've ever had.
Never taste that fishy taste of fish again with Mrs. Filabert's deflavored food.
Waiter, I'd like to try some of that delicious fish.
But you just ate your fish, ma'am.
Oh, I'm sorry.











What a catch.
Whole fish without the flavor.
Try the same fish the fast food restaurants use.
Mrs. Filabert's freeze-dried deflavored fish.
In sticks, cakes, slabs, or baked.
Mrs. Filabert's.
That man of yours will say...
What was that, honey?
Yeah, that's a good question, dear friends.
Thanks to Reverend Bleepo Abernathy up in Manhattan.
Oh.
At K-Rock's, the biggest station in New York.
He gets better equipment than I do.
It makes him think up funny jokes.
But those ads were all real.
And those were just things he happened to catch off the air.
They just happened to have his voice.
Thank you.
Oh, and now, the man you've all been waiting for, I'm sure, after his many appearances
here on the show.
Papa.
Mama.
Thank you.
Mama.


Hello, friends, and welcome.
Tonight's sermon is entitled Free Thought.
You get what you pay for.
Now, the Church of the Subgenius has always encouraged free thought, friends.
Don't get me wrong.
We've always been behind free thought.
You know that.
I know that.
Everyone knows that.
It's only when you want to know free thought, that you can do it.



what you think, that we charge a donation.
And that's also why the church says,
anything worth knowing is worth paying for.
Now you have all these so-called normals,
these average Joe Blows,
the mediocre majority,
the folks who have to go to school to learn how to learn.
Oh yes, they think they know how to think.
Because why?
Because they got a piece of paper.
A piece of paper, friends, that says they know how to think.
A diploma, friends.
Created, maintained, signed, sealed, and delivered by who?
The conspiracy.
Oh sure, they pay good money for that piece of paper too.
Let me tell you.
Oh boy.
You pay a whole lot of money for it.
More than we would ever dream of stealing from you.
Investing for you.
But does a conspiracy teach you?
What you think, friends?
Hell no.
The conspiracy teaches you what they think.
Why they're so scared that someone out there might in fact trip upon the truth
and think a real independent thought for themselves.
A thought funk without the guidance of the conspiracy.
A non-conspiracy concept that they force you and everyone else
to go to their conspiracy training schools
and go to the conspiracy training schools.
A thought that they're not going to be able to do.
For the most formative and most imaginative of their years.
And they won't let you out, friends.
Not until you conform to their normality.
Or one of their carefully selected alternative normalities.
Oh yes, you know what I'm talking about.
I'm talking about those hippies, those punks, those skinheads
who wouldn't be called dead thinking anything.
But the hippest, punkest, skinniest thots.
Oh sure, friends.
They think they're thinking.
They think they're rebelling.
But they've only joined another branch of the conspiracy corps.
Oh, they're out of the army, all right.
And they're into one of the other arms of the conspiracy octopus.
Oh, but I disobey all the laws and everything that they tell me to do.
Friends, that's just reverse psychology they're using on you.
The conspiracy is a master of rebellion.
It's a reverse psychology.
They want you to disobey them.
Just say no means just say yes.
Why do you think they call it dope?
They want you to pacify your brain with drugs.
They want you to transmit AIDS via every natural orifice.
And every unnatural one too, friends.
It gives them something to waste your time with to avoid getting slack.
While simultaneously providing junk food for thought to fuel their media hype.
Something for them to market.
And then take from the market.
And then black market.
And then ban.
And then regulate.
And all the while, you think it's just savage dance.
Ha!
Supply and demand.
Who are you fooling?
They do the supply and they do the demand in tune.
And you think you're so clever because you cheated on last year's income tax.
Oh, friends.
So much for your free thought.
It was worth precisely what you thought.

You paid nothing.
Nothing at all.
And I bet you still don't know what the hell I'm talking about.
Oh, no.
I pity you.
Wherever you may be.
Oh, how I pity you.
And Bob pities you even more, friends.
But let us not here at the Church of the Subgenius get too smug, too self-righteous, too high
and mighty.
Because, friends, we all know there's plenty of what?
Pseudo-subgenius.













There's plenty of subgenius out there who just pretend to think for themselves.
Why do they come to the church, friends?
Because they think it's cool.
They can't understand what we're talking about, friends.
It sounds like a big joke to them.
A riddle.
Something to laugh about.
Well, ha, ha, ha.
That's just fine and dandy.
We'll take your money, friends.
But we ain't touching your soul.
Hell, no.
And then again, it's not like you give a lot of money anyway.
You're afraid to know what you think.
You're scared.
You're frightened.
There may not be anything.
Well, friends, there's only one way to find out.
And that's to put your money where your mind is.
And if you don't get a quick, prompt response in six to eight weeks, well, friends, you
can just assume the worst.
Tell them that address and praise Bob.
Amen.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
And you can indeed get that free information from Bob at, got that pencil ready?
P.O.
Box 140306.
P.O.

Box 140306 here in mighty Dallas, Texas 75214.
Once again, that's Bob at Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Give thanks to Bob, our eternal hope.
And praise me to Erwin, New Jersey's Pope.
We're fickle and free and we don't make no frills.
We're the only ones who can help us at the Church of the Self Genius.
Bob, hear our plea.
We beseech thee.
Help us be free from normalcy.
We're dumb, devoted, and don't talk back.
Please give us an hour of slack.
Woo.
J.R.
Bob Dobbs never fails.
He's the living slack master of Bob Dobbs.



He's the one who's got the mystic sails.
All you conspiracy doofs, just you wait till July the 5th, 1998.
Invaders will come from Planet X, bringing gifts of money, time control, and great sex.
A new age will dawn and we'll never look back.
We'll be busy enjoying our slack.
Everybody now.
Bob here.
We believe in silly things.
Jasmine doesn't move.
And nobody loses out.
歌 불기실을 상 특히는 google earth
Cave Sophisticated

The governtors puedan
Sigow
The slack master sells everywhere
Give thanks to Bob
Give thanks to Bob
Our eternal hope
And praise me to Owen
New Jersey's Pope
We're fickle and free
And we don't make no fuss
At the church of the subgenius
Everybody now
Give thanks to Bob
Our eternal hope
And praise me to Owen
New Jersey's Pope
We're fickle and free
And we don't make no fuss
At the church of the subgenius
Give thanks to Bob
Our eternal hope
And praise me to Owen
New Jersey's Pope
We're fickle and free
And we don't make no fuss
At the church of the subgenius
Yes, dear friend
Lovely, lovely
New Jersey's Pope
Yes, dear friend
Yes, dear friend

Well, no, it's only a half hour at this point
And it must be carefully contained
Or it will reach fusion point
And you'll all be sorry, won't you?
Embarrass you to death in a few moments
You need to run?
That means you need to premeditate your pressure points
Brother Bob, the devil's after me all the time
I said, wait, really?
Because the devil don't ever bother me much
He usually puts a demon or two on me
They can take care of me
If the phone rings and there's somebody you don't want to talk to
Run from the phone
A minute
A minute
Push, push, push
The Octo Emmet nearly invaded the sub
We're going to continue until we...
He always tries to get on the show
He tries his things
We'll fire seven nuclear missiles into the fiery froth
And perhaps that'll put out the fire somehow
Though don't ask me why
Sharpen my knife
Thank you, thank you very much
We're determined to go ahead with this course of action
Right or wrong, my country, never shall I say thee nay
Sharpen up my knife, you're a hit
We're sharpening up our tools
Getting ready to invade Ethiopia
With Mussolini and his boys
Oh, uh, take a look at that over there
That one seems to be, uh, well-excelled-handed
But it's wasting itself
Oh, that's what I was looking for
The moon unabrested in moon-calling snow
Gave the lustre amidnay the objects below
When what to me wondering eyes should appear
But a basset hound humping a cast-iron lawn deer
Away to the window I flew in a flash
Tore open the shutters and flew up the sash
Gold, gold!
They're holding them to our mill
Ha, ha, ha, ha!
I'm sorry, I didn't know it would be that painful
No, I guess I really blew it
And how many times have you wished you could do something?
Thank you, thank you
Well, now you can
If you listen to Subgenius Radio
You'll soon know how to confound your enemies
And even puzzle and bother your friends
It's easy, just do as the doctors of the air do
Listen to their inflections
Copy their everywhere
Soon you'll know that there's a show ongoing everywhere
Around you now
Even as you think sleep
Devocate or go about your family
Further business
So remember, there's a show where you look to find it
This tip has been brought to you by the doctors of the air
Ah, I have a hint
Yes, yes, yes
Yes
Wow
Oh, that was
You just heard the end of a cartridge
Wasn't that interesting?
Kind of that
That full, rich
Full-bodied hiss
Well, here's the beginning of the cartridge
First, I'd like to give thanks and praise to the most high
For giving I and I this privilege
Of being with I and I brethren and sisters
In a land where we're free to say
Ja, Rastafari, Nibiru
Cheerio, cheerio
Greetings from I and I
The biggest event of the year
Yes, indeed
From the heart of Matigaben, Jamaica
Vegas, Sunspot, Jamaica
All over all around the world
Ah
Okay
More god hate here
And watch
Watch lightening not strike us dead
There was this very powerful man
In fact, he was more than a powerful man
He was more like a force, a force, a force
He was the one who threw the switch
The switch was wired to the sun's rays
Then it went right out and it made the Earth
And it did it all in seven days
Take this story up, it has been going around for years.
It first came out of this old book with a capital B-C-C.
They say there's wisdom in that book, more than you'll find in a bottle of scotch.
And if you buy what's in that book, perhaps you'd like to buy this watch.
Oh God, oh God, you give me such a pain.
When I think of all the things we do and don't do in your name.
Are you love? Are you light? Are you just a man?
I just hope I'm on your side when the sh** all hits the fan.
When I was but a little lad, I stood before the throne of our Lord.
A wide-eyed, open bundle of youth, but not quite on the search for truth.
I saw the water turn to wine. I saw the church's coffers grow.
I saw more miracles in there than at the circus magic show.
There was this kindly man of the clock. This man, he took me by the hand.
This man said I should stand erect and wait for God.
I saw God in his command. This man, he taught me wrong from right.
To love the sinner and hate the sin.
Only word from God I heard was not to be along with this man.
Oh God, oh God, you give me such a pain.
When I think of all the things we do and don't do in your name.
Are you love? Are you light? Are you just a man?
I just hope I'm on your side when the sh** all hits the fan.
Whoa!
I've got you.
I've got my crystals. I've got my chance.
Girls think I'm cool in my tai chi pants.
All I really want to know is what I have to buy.
So when I kick, I can shake his hand and look him in the eye.
There are so many gods right now, it just could drive a man insane.
And all these people running around who slip your throat in his good name.
They all got holy beads and books.
They make their god the one to know.
But I ain't never met no one who's been up there to see his show.
So don't be coming around to me with all your holy cosmic s**t.
And don't be showing off your god like he's the latest spandex cop.
All Christian soldiers go to war crusading for the Prince of Peace.
The only preacher you can trust will give the most.
Oh God, oh God, you give me such a pain.
When I think of all the things we do and don't do in your name.
Are you love? Are you a liar? Are you just a man?
I just hope I'm on your side when the s**t all hits the fan.
Nonsense. Nonsense, nonsense, nonsense.
I don't feel very nice. I feel as if I'm having a bad dream.
He looks perfectly pitiful. I think it's just awful.
Oh, I was wrong. We were struck. We were struck for playing that awful, all this god hate stuff.
Actually, that was Reverend Joe Paulino. So he's the one who's going to hell.
Not me. No, no. We're going to quit hating religion for a minute.
And we'll go back to hating politics. Yeah, that's okay.
Let's hate left wing, right wing, all radicals and reactionaries and middle of the roaders most of all.
From our lofty perch high above. Ah, yes. Thank you, old friends.
Now from Metro Meaningless Mayor.
The last heterosexual. His desire was unquenchable for the other sex.
His search was unending for a straight bar. He was not into leather.
The last heterosexual.
You, uh, want to open your bags?
Uh, there's nothing in there but a vase and some fresh cigarettes.
Oh, yeah? What do you call this? Blue Boy?
Oh, that penthouse magazine. That belongs to my sister.
Uh-huh. Yeah, yeah. Sure, sure.
Blue Boy. Obviously the victim of a mental disorder.
Friggin' pervert!
The last heterosexual. His friends pressured him.
Come on, Dave. The same old nitrate is bought.
His parents shunned him.
He acted like any other normal boy. He played with dolls. He decorated our home.
He wanted to work in the State Department.
But in the end, he was alone. The last heterosexual.
Okay, okay. So I'm not gay. But I'm happy.
What a person does in his private life is not his own.

Own business as you'll see in The Last Heterosexual.
Rated CA. Consenting adults only.
Time now for the George Bush workout with your host, George Bush.
Okay, America. Let's get ready to go through the motions like I do every day.
Going through the motions. Ready? Here we go.
Pick up that pen. Come on, pick it up. Pick it up.
Now sign a veto for new welfare increases. One, two. Doesn't that feel good?
Hey, what's this? A bill to make experimental drugs available to AIDS patients?
Veto. Veto. Shoot it down. Shoot it down.
Okay. Higher minimum wage? Yeah, sure. Ha, ha, ha.
No you don't. No you don't. Greenhouse effect. Never heard of it. Never heard of it.
One, two. And stretch the truth. Stretch. Stretch. Stretch the truth.
Feels good, doesn't it? Now, one and two.
Ollie North. A pardon? Maybe. Maybe. Think about it. Think about it.
Not important right now.
The EPA. Not responsible for the Exxon spill. One, two. One and two.
And drug problems. Import. Export. Condone. Condemn. Condone. Condemn.
Now, Iran-Contra. Hey, let it lay. Let it lay. Okay, read my lips.
Let's put the past behind us. Come on. Put it. Put it. Put it behind you.
All the way behind you. One, two. One, two.
Now this is the tough part of the workout. Keeping the NRA happy.
Iran all imported semi-automatic and automatic weapons except the ones made in the USA.
Those are different from the bad foreign guns.
Feel the burn. Feel the burn. No pain, no gain.
Now, let's all take back the streets. Come on. Take them. Take them. Take them.
One, two. Fight crime. Thousand points of light. Stay on course.
Quid pro quo. Here we go. Vodio do.
Isn't this fun? Going through the motions?
This is the greatest and you'll feel better every time you do this program.
I'm telling you right now. You can be sure of that.
One, two. Don't miss tuning in to the George Bush workout tomorrow
when George will concentrate on development of the private sector.
And, uh, thank you, Reverend Bleepo Abernathy.
And that's it for the Bleepo Abernathy production demo, dear friends.
I've now played all of it on the hour of slack.
But what you haven't heard yet, I'm going to play it on the hour of slack.
I have a hint, excuse me, as to the meaning of this.
Oh, good.
If you look in the National Dream Book.
You hearin' a preacher preach? I hope you're listening.
I hope you're listening.
Man, those first few months I wore out three pair of breeches.
I learned to talk to God.
See, because for a person to get saved and just quit smoking, drinking, cussing, chewing, acting ugly, drying up and dying,
they become bored to death.
I'm a dictator.
Our show, our Claremont Fan Club has 15 members.
15 members and a dictator.
How are we doing, gentlemen?
It's good enough time for a general business meeting, I think.
Dr. Fireside's business meeting.
Now, uh, Pete, you're in charge of our investments.
How are we doing there?
Our investitures, actually.
I've sold church property in Belgium, uh, Great Britain, Wales, and southern France,
where the media, you know, is at least a week slow, so they don't have any reports of the scandal.
Now, we charge extra, don't we, when they become a priest?
I hope we're still continuing that fine service.
We charge extra until...
A priest, by the way, because of the modern rules now, is a man who's been pressed by us.
Yeah, well, he's... they wear those pressed suits.
That's why most of them are...
Priest suits.

Pressed priest suits are known as priests.
Most of them are newsmen.
Right, most of them are new, new newsmen.
New, uh, news, gospel...
Gospel, yeah.
...after all.
Right, you know.
We shave their camera, right?
We take out all the really, you know, advanced f-stops until they really, you know, are ready to open their eye up to God.
We keep them in...
Yeah, so that's the investitures so far for the Fireside.
All right.
And then the Help the Who Fund is going on pretty well.
What did you say the what?
Wait, Help the Who?
The Help the Who Fund.
We're trying to raise $30,000 to help pay for the Who's new limousine.
Yeah.
To take a little burden off the economy.
And I must...
I want to just notice to you, make clear here, I went through the old files of the Help the Who campaign.
Well, we've been helping him...
Since 66.
We've been helping him ever since we found out who he was.
Yeah.
Yeah, right.
65.
66, actually, November.
It's interesting to note that the same limousine in 66 only cost us $17,336.
Right.
And it's been going up to $18,000, $19,000 in 67, $21,000 in 1968.
Remember, we almost didn't make it.
Right.
And last year it cost us, well, it cost us $27,665.
So this year, we know it's going to cost $30,000 and we're pushing for it.
We hope we can get all that money.
So please, you know...
Mr. Punder?
If I knock on your door, don't slam the old screen in my face.
We're going to have that telethon, aren't we?
Yeah, we're going to have the telethon.
Oh, somebody just come in with a contribution.
No, somebody just left hearing that you were going to do the call.
The Who Fund is always nice.
It's not a drag.
It's just kind of heavy.
It's super dramatic after the show when they put the lights on, they put the lead over
the windows and you come around with that basket.
We're going to have the drawing in Butte, Montana.
What are you going to be drawing, do you think?
Lots.
Lots.
Not rain or crowds.
No.
Lies.
Cows are easy.
Cars are easy.
I can draw some of the late 50s cars.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, anyway, we've taken care of religion and public service and Dave Osmond, who's
in charge of art for the Fireside Theatre, his report is next.
In the meantime...
All the amazing things that have been going on while the Chinese burned rented bathing
suits to kill AIDS, yes?
Inspirational.
While tiny dinosaurs were excavated...
Also Chinese.
Thousands of little...
Here's a guy pulling one out of the...
Hey, get away from him.
Yeah, they're really smelly.
He works out here and he never really...
These foul-smelling fossils indicate what life was like during mid-Cretaceous times 75
million years ago.
It may be a painful process, but we're going to have to get through it.
We've got one necessary to good grooming, healthy toilet habits, and the understanding
of the advancement of science.
In the meanwhile, we'll attempt to entertain you with some Helen Wolf balls all the way
from Ontario.
With only 15 minutes remaining in the subgenius convention, I think we have a caller now down
on the...
Oh, yeah.
We've got to run.
We've got to run.



So we'll go to Charles B. Howard and take that call now.
Chapter 20, Eccentric Sexual Theories.
The field of sexual pseudoscience is understandably vast and grotesque.
Hardly an aspect of sex has escaped the theorizing of eccentric biologists.
Consider, for instance, the problem, how the sexes came into being.
Did gene splicing have to do with this early sexual...
A kind of modern occult vision.
We place Gene Simmons under Gene Harlow and Dr. S. H. H. H.

Got this gene call.
What a gene pool we drew from.
And in this warm and turgid gene pool, we sport the tiny spermatozole...
And there goes a little caller and his girlfriend dropping into the color pit.
We tried to warn him, but he didn't get the gist or allegorical language.
You see, on the microscopic level, contraction starts and, well, it's not pretty sight.
In fact, terrible, the excretion contract, the ovacuole, the...
And then the first thing we do is we do a little bit of a...






Digestion.
Dr. Hale, where are you doing your signing?
The membrane, all protoplasm...
Hold on.
All talking, all singing, all dancing, prehistoric...
Dr. Hale, I have a rare public appearance at...
On Sunday.
That's right.
I'll be signing my book, What You Can Do About Skeletons in the Closet, at Justin Herman
Plaza, dust in time for the nuclear holocaust which will be descending on us all.
What was that noise, Mike?
That sound you just heard could well be the result of a nuclear explosion somewhere down
here at the bottom of the ocean.

akkorim?

Well, that's the best case.

Scholרא́k!
... quit doing a pertta preparator.
Kratos couldn't delightful hear that sound.
Yeah, that right there.
Well, this Xu Myung-wook, that, that ghost bury me alive...
JunkLetting, a tentart which is located...
Lt.

Hannu-feu.
He...
Iknow that.
acă Ст trauma thwosil....
La...
dead soil of a lost world a world that may have to go on if it goes on without us well we don't
just sit here with our heads in our hands do we i mean can't they be stopped some way any suggestions
bob wake up wake up wake up what does that mean to you you kill everyone we've got to stop now
easy dub easy the latest disclosure in a report from national civil defense headquarters in
washington it has been established that persons who have recently died have been returning to
life and committing acts of murder a widespread investigation of reports from funeral homes
morgues and hospitals has concluded that the unburied dead are coming back to life i'm sorry
uh dear friends that was not supposed to be broadcast uh there do not worry uh stay in your
home and stay safe and i'll see you next time on the show
homes uh the living dead are not roaming the streets this is not the evening of the rapture
uh if if a car in front of you is however unmanned in some way uh and you see the creature get out
um uh kill the brain and the creature will die uh just and they but uh but there is no emergency
i promise uh uh see see it's soothing it's nice
actually i had to cut i have to cut that tape off so that i can play
oh some ins an inside subgenius joke song
uh but before i get to that though um
uh i i hope our our new friends on the peroxide front are listening the h202 front but
if you are how do you know i'm not cia i just might be better at it than stillings
uh no no no we're just kidding it's all just a little joke that's all and uh
you can find out just how funny it really is by writing for free information we're going to give
that sacred post office box number one more time just drop a postcard bob your friend bob
at post office box one four oh three oh six
in dallas texas seven five two one four that's box one four oh three oh six dallas texas
seven five two one four and you can meet bob you can get a bob in your pants or a purse or whatever
you know which whatever whatever you're after um but before it gets cut off because the swing
and love corpse is always the same thing you can get a bob in your pants or a purse or whatever
you know which whatever you're after um but before it gets cut off because the swing
ended up getting cut off speaking of the living dead uh this what i'm about to play is a a tune by
our dear friends of the church the swinging love corpses who um are from saint louis missouri
manned by dr phylo drummond captain sphinx drummond and their cousin ray hay
uh stepbrother-in-laws uh mojo and skippy
and so on, and Leif, Cowabunga.
This particular song, this is a live recording in a club,
and they're singing about the subgenius get-togethers
known as Dockstock.
Dockstock is not like our big revival shows or devivals,
as the Nakedian church calls them, and many others.
The Dockstocks are by invitation only.
They're probably a little more like the Merry Pranksters
scholastic aptitude tests in the olden days.
Just a lot of fun.
They don't happen around here, and you'll never find out
where and why they do happen.
But you remember that song, Down in Monterey?
This, I think, was inspired by that song
and the Dockstock experience.
By the way, lest I forget, what you were listening to earlier
was a comment.
It was a combination of the KPFA subgenius show in Berkeley
with puzzling evidence, Dr. Howell and Bob Nelson there,
engineering and muttering,
mixed with the Fireside Theater's ancient show from the 60s,
from the late 60s, tapes of the original show.
And it's amazing, you know, listening to that,
how much of it might as well have been done yesterday.
However, there were sections that I couldn't play.
They could play in 1968, but I cannot play them
in the 80s.
Because people would accuse us of trying to be funny about race.
So you can't do that anymore.
I can't.
Somebody else can.
And I'm sure does.
Anyway, friends, praise Bob.
This is the Swingin' Love Quarters.
Mojo, mojo, mojo, mojo.
Mojo, mojo, mojo, mojo.
From across the nation they came and they saw
A new world begin in northern Arkansas
They drove the storm and perils of life
To their new awakening and
Stock stock inside
Six years peace and love and moving time
The attorney was there and they were feeling fine
Bodies were there, but they were fine

They were mostly cool guys like me and you
And we got high, so high
On Stock Stock Mountain
Yeah, we got high, so high
On Stock Stock Mountain
People were happy, they were all having fun
While doctors survived was fun
And skulls in the sun
The corpses were swinging
Their love did abound
The average corpse floated a foot off the ground
The band that did not want to be in his name
While half-doctors on the clamshell
Was claiming their fame
Fart dog explosion and combo gang farts
Finished their sets just in time for lunch
So we got high, so high
On Stock Stock Mountain
Yeah, we got high, so high
On Stock Stock Mountain
We ate lots of mushrooms
We commute with nature
Power we don't know how to use
So we'd have to move our s**t later
500 colors flashed into my brain
My cell division occurred in three or four planes
My brain was blasted and my head even bit
My eyeballs protruded, but I didn't get sick
I sucked tits, butts, Pepsi and Docs
Then we found that the beans had gotten all the best parts
So we got high, so high
On Stock Stock Mountain
Yeah, we got high, so high
On Stock Stock Mountain
Yeah, we got so high
We climbed way up on top of Stock Stock Mountain
On the way up there, we shot the bulls

Smoked, drank everything in sight
When we got up to the top
I realized I was too high
Oh my God, I may not be able to ever come down on Stock Stock Mountain
Oh, s**t, I don't think I'll get this high next year
Oh, oh, we got high
We got so high
But then finally we got high on top of Stock Stock Mountain
and we came back down a little ways off of Dockstock Mountain.
I got too high.
How many of you are taking acid tonight?
How many of you are taking acid tonight?
Just show your hands.
How many people out there tripping?
I'd say about 12 people out there.
All right.
I count 13.
We got high, high, high.
Now, if that isn't an anti-drug song,
I don't know what is.
Because you certainly can't be left with the impression
that drugs make you sing well.
I just wanted to throw that little disclaimer in, friends.
These boys are singing about being high on Bob.
And that's all you need.
Bob's the only real drug.
He's one you can't come down from.
It's a heavenly, lovely thing.
A confusing thing.
But, you know, what good are brains in the late 80s anyway?
Pope Meyer has so often said,
well, dear friends,
I guess we'll just sit here and keep playing tapes
until somebody comes in to do another show.
And we started a couple minutes late,
so anybody else is welcome to.
This tape will run for another 15 or 20 minutes.
This has been your host, Reverend Ivan Stang.
By the way, Ivan Stang,
when you flip the letters around, says,
Nats Navy.
Navy of Nats.
Little bugs.
Gnats, you know, you get it?
Whoa! I'm sorry!
Human victims.
The body should be disposed of at once,
preferably by cremation.
Well, how long after death, then,
does the body become reactivated?
It's only a matter of minutes.
Minutes?
Well, that doesn't give people time to make any arrangements.
No, you're right.
It doesn't give them time to make funeral arrangements.
The rapture continues.
In heat of my flesh,
drink of my blood不会born 죽 Tuyet my flesh.

Baby
oh, baby
touch me, baby
deeper baby
oh, yeah
Ain't you ever had sex with someone
that you don't even know, yeah
You think that's funny?
I don't.
You think I'm a prude?
Call me.
Kinison doesn't stop there.
He deliberately mocks Christ.
He even takes on the crucifixion.
He's on the cross.
30, 40 Christians standing around going,
it's a shame that he has to die.
And Jesus is going,
well, maybe I wouldn't have to.
Does somebody get a ladder and a pair of pliers?
In case you couldn't understand what he said,
while Christians were weeping at the cross,
he said Jesus is up there saying,
would somebody get a ladder and a pair of pliers?
Can't they be staged, Bob?
Some way?
Any suggestions, Bob?
Time may have come for all of us to hold our tents.
We, as opposed to they,
may have to give up this little piece of real estate
we call the world.
It may only be a matter of days.
And meanwhile?
Meanwhile, we prepare to get out just as fast as we can.
Not only from this place here,
but from the entire planet,
while we still have the chance.
While we still have the chance, dear friends,
I will say this is KNON 89.3 FM
in Dallas, Texas.
And you're still listening to the subgenius radio ministry.
Hour of Slack.
How about that?
Hey, you got more than an hour of Slack this time.
So I find now, as some eight years ago,
I was doing things for the first time,
I am doing them now for the final time.
As president, I will not again have the privilege of greeting you.
I again assure you it has been a very great privilege
to have these contacts with a body
in which I find so many of my intimate friends.
And alongside others...
What's the senator?
That I respect and admire,
even if I do not have the privilege
of their personal acquaintanceship and friendship.
So thank you again and good luck
and keep going.
That's all I can say.
In which direction would you suggest that we keep going?
Yeah, we'll just keep going.
Up. Up. Up. Up. Up.
Up we go.
Well, they're up.
Yep, they're up.
There they go. They're heading around the field.
Look at that. Look at them run. Look at them run.
There it is. There's the State of the Union.
He's on ahead there.
He's doing very, very...
The Constitution now is making it a little in the rear.
It's about three bills behind.
Here comes the Bill of Rights.
Coming up on the outside.
Pretty good.
Pretty good.
They're coming around the wide turn now.
There's the hoop.
I believe there's a penalty on the field.
Freedom of the Press has been sent back three yards.
Yes.
The hoop is coming around.
He's coming around.
He's coming around again.
Yes, he is coming around again, isn't he?
There he comes again.
Well, that's wonderful.
That's wonderful.
Well, that's post time down here.
The United States of Armenia.
Post time.
Just before it happens.
You know, the big bomb scare is over now, guys.
The big bomb scare of 69.
Yeah, that's all over.
The guy with the trembling finger pushing the red button
and the whole world going up in monosodium glutamate.
That's all over.
The big bomb scare is over.
There's a new one now.
Oh, there's a new one now.
Yeah, the big...
What do you call that?
The big...
Sonic scare.
No, no.
The big guy, you know, ecology.
Ecology.
Ecology.
The big ecology scare.
The now scare.
That's the now scare.
Well, it's such a now happening word.
It surely is.
Pollution is such a happening thing.
If we could only find a way of really...
Well, we found a way of doing it.
I got a good idea for a TV series about pollution.
Curb front polluters?
No, the young polluters was my final.
That's a good title.
Well, that's good.
We can work together on it.
We can take 50-50 and I'll take 20 off the middle.
I'll take 50 out of the bottom.
You will.
Off the secretary.
The young polluters.
That's a wonderful idea.
Right.
Should I come in and tell you about it?
Sure.
Come on in.
Open the door.
All right.
Sure.
Okay, we only use that door a couple of times per show, you know, and I like to get it on.
That's right.
Now, the young polluters is going to be about this vacuum cleaner salesman, you see?
Yeah.
Played here by young Adam Thigh.
Oh, yeah.
Formerly known as Philip Hunter, but he changed his name because Thigh is more of an in now
happening word, you know.
THs are very big now, you know, ever since everybody's gums have swollen up and they
look like that.
Well, so many of the now happening people...
Like pollution.
Use THs.
Yeah, LHP.
Many now happening people LHP.
Right.
They're from LHP.
Go ahead.
Yes, indeed.
What was I saying?
I don't know.
Oh, the TV series.
Okay.
It's about this young vacuum cleaner salesman who goes around.
He could be a big time vacuum cleaner salesman, but he prefers to be out on the street vacuuming
the street.
The Shister Warriors.
In fact, they have to defend him because his electric cord, you see, keeps getting like
tripping people's dogs or getting wrapped around people's heads, as you see, or electrocuting
people.
In one episode, we have him electrocuting a young hippie girl who's stoned on LSD.
Yeah.
And he's a young person who's contemplating a mass murder.
No.
Yes, right.
And it's a love story.
It's a very now love story.
It does not mind.
Oh, yeah.
I live on now street.
Oh, you do in Mod Go-Go Heights, right?
Sure.
Mod Heights.
Yeah.
Right.
Right.
Later on, we hope to combine it with a medical series.
Yeah, call.
With a big breakthrough.
Because he is, what he's going to do is he's going to sell the vaccine.
