Look out! God is right behind you!
The path of the righteous man is beset on all sides
by the inequities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men.
Blessed is he who in the name of charity and goodwill
shepherds the weak through the valley of darkness,
for he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children.
And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger
those who attempt to poison and destroy my brothers.
And you will know my name is Bob.
Oh, Bob. Oh, yeah.
Oh, oh.
Four, three, two, one, fire.
Welcome to Subgenius.
Radio Ministry Hour of Slang.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
Yes, and I'm afraid there's a lot more trouble than we asked for tonight out here, you know.
The Bob Zone.
I've got a message from Bob for all of you.
Don't give up.
Yep, he didn't say what not to give up, so I'll tell you what I'm not giving up.
I'm not giving up drugs.
I'm not giving up surfing, and I'm not giving up coming down to this station.
And being a bad noise in your ear.
And I'm also not giving up the hope that our boys over there in Malaysia
will be able to assassinate Bob for once and for all and get rid of his kind
before you become one of him.
And I'm afraid we'll not be able to take calls tonight.
You know, wartime situations such as this, we just don't care what you have to say.
You can call the station all you want, and we aren't going to listen.
Okay.
And it's time you got to realize that it's people like me are going to have to come up
with the answers for you, and that you're just going to have to live with our decisions.
We're taking a lot of notes here tonight, so we're going to be thinking about what you're
thinking about.
And we know what you're thinking.
Believe me.
Tonight's show, unlike normally, we do have a sponsor tonight, and we'll be revealing
that sponsor.
Thanks, thanks.
Out here in the horrid, horrid future.
The other doctors are reloading at this moment, and it is expected they'll be storming the station.
I don't believe we're going to have a problem tonight with enemy fire.
Come in the morning.
No one told me how to hear Bob.
It's 12 hours.
We're going to go over and I've walked up.
Sorry.
There has been an infusion of the...
What I refer to as my own personal enemy at this, at this, at this moment.
And like I said before, please don't give up.
Don't give up drugs.
Don't give up going crazy.
And don't give up the hope that someday our nation will be run by people like me.
And of course, people like Dr. Hal.
Well, you could do worse, I suppose, I suppose.
It all started a long time ago.
I'm not sure that I can even remember when that was.
I don't know.
Long ago and far away.
And I was a bold, strapping young man.
So you'd hardly think that to look at me now.
I remember you, Doctor, dressed up in that uniform, marching back and forth, poking Dr. Vrede to the bayonet.
You were a fine man in those days.
Doctor, what happened?
He was a stateless person who had to be under the jurisdiction of the new order.
Well, I'm going to make my order right now.
Clams and eggs with a side of toast.
I'll have my...
Hash browns with jam in those little...
What do you call those things?
Those little packets?
Oh, those are...
With grape jelly in there.
Can I get a fresh squeezed orange juice with that?
Yes, just step right over here.
Incredible.
Not since video.
Here, drink this.
Okay.
Say, Doctor, what was that anyway?
That was...
That was war juice, and wasn't it good?
Boy, we're going to be drinking up gallons of it tonight here on the Subgenius Radio Show.
Yes, sir.
And I...
I have a feeling that puzzling evidence will be here tonight.
I think he's probably down in the reloading room right now.
Israeli tank crews operating in modified Soviet T-55 and T-62 tanks in the Sinai Desert experience...
Oh, give me half a dozen for the hotel room.
Why?
Why?
Because you were aementå,みんな!






Sorry.
Dumb all over, yes we are Dumb all over, near and far
Dumb all over, black and white People, we is not reptite
Nerds on the left, nerds on the right Religious fanatics on the air
Every night singing the Bible tells the story Makes the details sound real gory
About what to do if the geeks over there Don't believe in the book we got over here
You can't run a race without no feet And pretty soon there won't be no street
For dummies to jog on or doggies to dog on Religious fanatics can make it be all gone
I mean it won't blow up and disappear It'll just look ugly for a thousand years
You can't run a country by a book or religion Not by a heap or a lump or a smidgen of foolish rules
Of ancient date designed to make you all feel great
While your foes tend to let me down
We'll hang late, those unbelievers From a neighboring state
Two arms, two arms, the word that's great Two legs ain't bad unless there's a crate
They ship the parts to mama in For souvenirs, two years, get down
Not his, not hers, but they The good book says it's gonna be that way
But their book says revenge, the Crusades
With whips and chains and hand grenades
Two arms, two arms
Have another and another
Our God says there ain't no other
Our God says it's all okay
Our God says this is the way
It says in the book
Burn and destroy
Now repent and redeem
And revenge and deploy
And rumble thee forth
To the land of the unbelieving scum
On the other side
Cause they don't go for what's in the book
And that makes them bad
So verily we must chop them up
And stomp them down
Or rent a nice French bomb
To prove them out of existence
While leaving their real estate
Just where we need it
To use again for temples
In which to praise our God
Cause he has made us
And really take care of business
And when his humble TV servant
With humble white hair
And humble glasses
And a nice brown suit
And maybe a blonde wife
Who takes phone calls
Tells us our God says
It's okay to do this stuff
Then we gotta do it
Cause if we don't do it
We ain't one of the living
Depending on which book
You're using at the time
Can use theirs
It don't work
It's all lies
Gotta use mine
Ain't that right
That's what they say
Every night
Every day
Hey we can't really be dumb
If we're just following God's orders
Let's get serious
God knows what he's doing
He wrote this book here
And the book says
He made us all to be just like him
So if we're dumb
Then God is dumb
And maybe even a little ugly on the side
Dumb all over
A little ugly on the side
Dumb all over
A little ugly on the side
Dumb all over
A little ugly on the side
Dumb all over
A little ugly on the side
Dumb all over
A little ugly on the side
Dumb all over
A little ugly on the side
Dumb all over
A little ugly on the side

A little ugly on the side
Dumb all over
Dumb all over
A little left me on the side
Come on over
A little left me on the side
Come on over
A little left me on the side
Come on over
A little left me on the side
Come on over
A little left me on the side
Come on over
A little left me on the side
Come on over
Outro Music
Uh, Frank Zappa, dear friends.
The great Frank Zappa with dumb all over.
And be prepared tonight or today for a pretty sick show.
It's been a sick reality.
We don't usually get topical with this show,
but be prepared for a rather unique take on the horror.
It seems, friends, like it sure has taken forever.
Forever for the end times to end.
And whenever the world appears to be ending,
I've noticed that subgeniuses always get this urge to reproduce,
or at least pretend they're going to reproduce,
and to eat as if their very lives depended on it.
It's funny how that works, although it's certainly understandable
from an evolutionary point of view.
But it also makes us want to react to the sickness around us
with this sort of sick humor.
You know, we hate to see monkeys die.
Needlessly.
And I hate to see even humans die.
Needlessly.
Although, you know, if Bob gets his way,
any death will become strictly voluntary and refundable.
But in the meantime, I don't know.
You know, we hate the military industrial complex too,
but do we really want to fly around maiming and killing its slaves?
I think, you know, when we finally get our escape vessels on X-Day,
we'll probably just leave.
And we'll probably just leave.
And blow off the massacring.
Don't you think?
Because this mass killing stuff,
I don't think it's getting us off like we expected.
In fact, friends, I'm really hideously bummed
if I stop and think about it from a human rather than a subgenius perspective.
And even from the cruel, heartless, vengeful subgenius perspective,
it's all totally sickening.
So we approached this on the ESO radio show with Lonesome Cowboy Dave,
and Professor Chas, and also Dr. Legume, and Evangela, and Reverend Turin this time.
And I also unearthed some old KPFA with Gary Gubrog, friend Doug Wellman,
Puzzling Evidence, Dr. Howell, and Papa Joe Mama
that is a preview of the next war.
And yet this tape was done January 11th, 1991.
So stay tuned for that.
Ah, yes.
Keep me covered, ma.
Should we just turn the other cheek, Dave?
Well, are we talking about our physical or spiritual cheeks,
or are we even just talking about turning the old rumpke around and spanking ourselves?
Or spanking someone else?
I think the whole room.
I don't know. What do you think?
Well, Oslami Ben Salami, or whatever's...
What do I think?
Yeah, your thoughts are important to something, somebody.
No, my thoughts are always important.
That's why I think them.
Because you're the only one.
I said think.
I ink them.
Well, what is one of your thoughts, if you have one right now?
Well, one of my thoughts is that it's time for me to dust up my knuckles
for me and Reverend Stang's big smackdown tomorrow night.
That's right, my friends.
Doctor, like you and I have had enough of this stuff, all this crap.
This whole problem's been nothing but God.
That's right.
God's the problem here.
It's time to kick God's doors down, boys.
That's right, my friends.
Doctor Legume here has said, he has pronounced that he will give up his freedom of religion
if we can wipe out theirs.
That is correct.
And to that end, we are challenging God and Osama Bin Laden to a smackdown bare knuckle
fight behind the old church in Jonesboro tomorrow night.
Praise Bob, friends.
It's an unjihad.
It is unholy war.
War on God.
God, we're coming for you.
You hear me?
You hear me, God up there?
We will kick down your house and fillet your servants.
That's right.
And we are going to hang a pack up your ass, God.
God shall bow down before the Pomerian head idol and kiss where its feet would be, at
its feet.
God, you hear me?
Let your followers see where God's feet would be.











Be alive, love, scatter, sow its seeds and be noble and plentiful, a pious king among


World man, we must not bow down to any group of Grabhs.
The issue is, Rosh Helite who because there are so many of you here has the same reason
he had died long ago?
Do we have faith that if we do receive real response from God, whoever we trust, we will
be just as strong as God?
Sancti they that on this earth we are loyal men also today will be just and Iím willing
to die for them.
Could my Savior nochus be real with you, executor?
was insecure and I told you that
God was insecure. Oh, they seem to
think old man God needs
their help since he's so doddering
and old and distracted. They have
to be God's tools, uh-huh.
They're scrawny little yellow
chicken belly yellow
bastard. God damn them.
God damn the goddesses.
I've given him every chance
in the world to smite me too.
I have stood up to my tits
in shark-infested water and
cursed his name, but did I get
eaten? No. I've ridden
my motorcycle a hundred miles an hour
with the blind and rain and ice storms
casting them all the way. And did I die?
No. Friends, I
dare God to kill me, strike
me dead right now.
God and
Ben, all them
damn Ben Hollis and Ben Havens
and all the
Craig and the Five and the
Fight Club and anybody who
did. Little tiny
flecklets of floam are floating through the air
now spreading from his mouth as he
pronounces more epithets upon the deity
that created him. Friends, as a semi-conscious
Now you can hear how Legume is so
pumped up. He's like breathing heavily
into the fire. I am sickened by
God's late disregard
for his creations.
He chained, kept there until the final
battle.
That's right, I'll bring you down.
And because I'm all aroused now,
my manhood stands at
full staff just
thinking about wrapping my fingers
around God.
I'm at detention now.
He's been sitting back and just
watching this happen. Oh, free
will, they say, free will. That's just
God's way of being a coward.
Standing back and letting this
horrible crap be done in his name.
God damn it!
God damn!
And some people say, oh, it's not, but there's no
God. No God could allow this
horrible stuff. They say it's just a
void, a limitless void. Well,
then, void, damn it!
We declare war on the void!
We've had enough of it!
As the Department of
Defense Chairman, Head of
the Defense Department,
this here theocracy,
we'd like just to remind you
briefly, if we can, that things
have not really stopped and are not going
to be stopping for a while now.
In this war against the
Creator himself, each and
every one of us has our own particular cross.
An AK-47 to bear.
And remember, always,
in this war,
there are only psychic casualties.
So bandage up those head wounds.
I don't think this one's going to be about AK-47s.
No, but the next
one will be fought with rock and
stick, my friend. This one might
be fought with germ warfare
and terrorism and the nuclear
smart bomb attacks. But the next one
will be rock and stick!
Did you know that one of the... We haven't tested
that neutron bomb yet.
That turf ain't all that valuable,
but what the hell does it have in the oil?
Well, Afghanistan does
have some lovely, lovely frop.
As you must know, everybody loves Afghanistan.
Oh, yeah. Does the neutron bomb
destroy the frop? I don't know. We should
ask Strong about that. I'm staying about
that he knows about the original have the frop
for weapons experts.
Does the neutron
bomb destroy the frop crop
in Afghanistan? No, it will leave all
frops standing. Makes it stronger,
dude.
If you frop out during fallout
and, like, bomb blasts
and... And there we go, man.
It makes it, like, four times
stronger. No extra toxins
or sexual hormones that could be
dangerous to your eyesight or anything there.
It's just as pure as the snow, only
twice as lovely. And, uh,
believe me, one hit is enough to send you into...
Uh, send you to
paradisio or...
And you're gonna need all that frop,
too, because you're gonna
get powerful munchies.
When you're standing there all fropped up
in the holy land,
looking at that new all-pork
burger McDonald's that
we're gonna build where the dome of the
rock stands today.
How much do you think condos will be going for?
That's right. We don't care what your religion is.
We're gonna put a fast food chain
right there in every
holy site in the world.
Sand Disneyland!
That's right. I think the ultimate
treat... Pork served at the most
holy of mosques, and I
guess it, like the Vatican...
By topless waitresses!
By topless waitresses
on roller skates, my friend!
Now, lots of people
don't like pork. They ain't seen
decadent unholiness yet.
Get down off that soapbox. You know your feet
is getting all squishy. We're gonna open up
McCabah. That's what we're re-walking.
We need more pork in the
holy land. I think the...
Pork in the holy land. Did you know that
if a Muslim touches pork, he'll
go to hell? You can't get into heaven
if you smell of swine.
Do you know that if a Muslim touches his
own physical orifice, he
sweeps up like a little bladder bag?
He's running them across the place.
If you're taking on God in the ring, I think there's a problem with it.
You know that nothing is a foreign object
to God, so if he's sneaking up on you
with a folding chair... Right.
You're not gonna know about it. And you can't
sneak up on... And the ref will have to allow it because
it's not a foreign object to him.
And of course... If he sneaks up on you with you,
the ref has to allow it.
And he's gonna know your every move through pre-tricolour.
He's got a lot of cognition, I suppose, too, so you're
kind of doomed in that way. Also, he knows the outcome,
too, so maybe... I don't know.
Maybe you should just watch the replay
as the planet just starts
to disintegrate.
Okay, Junior. Then Nova.
Back to four.
Come on, guys. Over here.
This way.
They're shooting at us.
Come on. Hurry up.
We're gonna be a war soon.
Hey, I didn't sign up for this.
What happened?
How long has it been like this?
It was peaceful when I left for Arizona.
Oh, the war.
Oh, the war.
Who is that?
Oh, look at that guy over there.
He really bought it.
Yeah, that Andy bar I wanted.
He bought it.
Oh, yeah.
It doesn't melt in his hands in Operation
T-Rex. It doesn't melt in his hands in Operation T-Rex.
It's like a giant desert dalcon shield.
It's a doctor!
Oh, boy.
We're gonna prophylaxis the world from bad people.
Yes, a prophylaxis against bad people
is necessary in this day and age.
Come, my friends.
It is not too late to seek a newer world.
Push off,
and, sitting well in order,
smite the sounding furrows.
Yes, indeed.
Those sounding furrows
aren't gonna bother our brave
boys and gals out in the wild.
The hellish inferno of the
Saudi Arabian
whatever it be.
Bacon out there in the sand.
Jesse and Mama
are out there fighting side by side.
Dressed in tacky khaki.
Overflown with a camouflage
pattern by Mr.
Phyllis of Hollywood, California.
Which we'll all be wearing
from our copies of Banana Republican.
It's simply stunning,
and my ensemble is adorable.
And now they're playing some music for us.
As Hell dances around
in his new combat ensemble.
Shh, Doug, I'm trying to, you know,
fit in with the local customs and everything.
No, we're trying not to offend him.
Now, this one has a special...
This has a holy significance to him,
if I can just remember the steps.
Uh-oh, uh,
the guy wants to communicate now.
Let me get out the guidebook.

Wait a minute, there's nothing in here about...
about midgets operating puppets?
Well, it's up to somebody else
to make the first move.
I'm not up to it.
He's not even up to me.
Not up to my kneecap.
Ah, yes, now the second act
is beginning.
Sting on this side.
I'll sing a little bit more.
You can't even spell it, Stingers.
Yes, uh,
Stingers.

You have a stinger,
I'm going to have a glass of champagne.
No, or maybe I'll have one of those
hot buttered rum martinis
the rest of you guys are having.
Yeah, yeah, see if he's got any defects cameras.
No, no, no.
If he's got that red, a 9-2-M.
Out here, you can leave the antifreeze
out of those hot buttered rum martinis.
It's hot enough to melt an egg
on Hell's Grandpa's griddle.
Yeah, using the
Deltcon Electronic Advanced Military
Standard 1750A Mission Computer,
we know where we're going by 6 o'clock.
That computer's fouled up again, sir.
I think we're having a microphone
failure here in the
first quadrant.
Okay, good, well, we'll just plug in the
American Dynamics gun elevation plus
45 degrees or minus 20 centigrade.
Careful with the end of that, fella.
Into your M13 turret here.
Hey, plug it into your own M13 turret,
you know what I mean? What happened, caller?
That said, now that you're in the



oh come on
I'm
I want to join Islamic Jihad
I just want to kill for God
Praising Allah is the life for me
I'll use pipe bombs, what the fuck?
Killing Hebrews brings good luck
Gotta make Khomeini proud of me
Load a car with dynamite
And drive into a synagogue
Without a car
Without any brakes
Nothing could be better
Than impaling your intestines
On a big rusty steak
Hand grenades and cattle prods
Let's go out and kill for God
I can hear Muhammad calling me
Yowza, yowza, yowza
M nimah login
Force him out
Without cocaine
Black cop abilities
Write, revamp
Every fucking

Jesus Christ
Dumb ass


Though the Koran seems quite odd
I still want to kill for God
Praising Jesus is the life for me
Fuck those pagans, they're such cynics
Let's bomb the abortion clinic
Jerry Fowell is my cup of tea
Never thought I'd make it big
By selling God to idiots on cable TV
What the fuck?
It's not GE, but still a better way
To use my business degree
Use a rifle, spare the rod
Let's go out and kill for God
Praise the Lord and hand that gun to me
Kill for God by the Rudy Schwartz Project, friends
On the CD Salmon Dave
You know what?
That makes me mad
We don't care if we're disqualified
For not obeying the rules of fighting with God
I love the idea
We were already told we were gonna go to hell
We knew we were gonna go to hell anyway
Why do you think we had to join this church of the subgenius?
This church has declared war on all churches and religions
No, no, we don't have anything against the churches or the followers
It's just God
Because of his spiteful and angry attitude?
No, no, you know, actually
Because of the old testicle style of his arraignments
Well, we have no testicle style
We used to say, we've got nothing against God or Jesus
It's just his fan club
Well, we've decided we've had enough
Well, it's also his family
That's exactly right
If I was a Satan worshipper, would I be into the fact that America was known as the great Satan?
You probably would then
Yeah
You could just boogie down Godly
Would I be like, yeah, let's go kick their ass?
No
Because America is the great Satan
And I worship Satan
You would probably sell toxic flags and sell insurance policies at the same time if you were the real Satan
And then have blood rituals on the side
Yeah
Afterwards, after maybe a few martoonies and perhaps having sex with a dog with a beard
Well, you know, that one jet flew right over Cleveland
What do you call it, quadrangles?
All hail those dudes who brought that plane down
Those saints
Oh, man
Those saints of bravery
I don't know if I would have the ovaries to do that
I might crumble into a small ball and start crying very hard
But that wouldn't get me out of here
I like how Lagoon put it
Oh
Yeah, I'm gonna go
You're both gonna go see Allah together
We'll all come a-crawling, yes
Yeah, let's not wait until we get where you wanna go
Allah's waiting for us
Let's not let him down
Let's go now
Yeah, let's get bare knuckle
I don't mess around when it comes down to it
To warfare
I'll cut myself open charging and strangle somebody with my own innards
By, by
Customing his body to small dosages of chainsaw
Dr. Lagoon soon became immune
Now cut it out
Quit hitting me with that shillelagh
Unseen blusher in an obscene coal hole
Hey, somebody
Of course you're gonna win this war
I
I
I
I




í



But what is the basis of this mythical mish mash Laren
Is there in fact truth to this old fusty legend?
Or is it really
Oh, Has been
A discarded relic stinking upon the dust heap of history
Of course, if enough people believe in it, it will become true.
You believe in a depression and you become depressed.
You believe in a recession and you become depressed.
You make your own reality, man.
My country hurts.
My question is, why fight these people?
Why not just put them out of business with sub-Islam?
The church of sub-Islam?
I don't know. I don't think it's a religious war.
I think it's kind of a corporate state war.
I remember Osama Bin Laden is an oil billionaire and so is Cheney and so is Bush.
I think we're kind of getting fooled a little bit.
But, you know, they don't mind chopping us all up in the name of family.
Is he responsible for all those Japanese cartoons?
It is God and mammon.
It is God. We declare war not only on God but on mammon as well.
But not mammary glamons.
Unfortunately, I just wish we had more money.
If we only had more breasts and more money.
We could...
We could simultaneously declare mammary.
If we had more faith.
But, unfortunately, us sub-geniuses, it turns out, don't really make very good terrorists.
Turns out we would like to talk real big about X-Day and massacring and so forth.
And then when you actually see a little preview of it,
turns out that we don't have really that much of a stomach for killing
and end up just as disgusted as the humans around us.
That's right.
We talk about killing, but all we really want is to get a little stinker.
That's all we really want.
We don't want the death of others.
We only want our pee-pees to become stinky again.
If the monkeys knew how to screw right, we wouldn't have all these problems.
Friends, why can't we return to the good old days of dirty tricks and assassinations?
That's a kinder, gentler way of waging war.
It messes up the politicians instead of the civilians.
Locking up...
I don't know.
You know.
Leave it to the...
Politically the kids.
Let the professionals do it in their own arena.
Give them millions and millions of dollars to train some paramilitary forces
to come by in the middle of the night and kill their kids.
Come on. Do it the old way.
No, let's just strike them where it really hurts.
In their wallets.
All of you should go out and work and work and work as hard as you can
and try to make as much mammon as you can.
And then send it to the Church of the Subtlety.
Jesus.
PO Box 1403-06 Dallas, Texas 75214.
Calling all martyrs.
Because Jesus is on our side, friends.
Calling all martyrs.
He may be temporarily employed by the devil, but he'll be back to work for Bob pretty soon.
We're looking for martyrs for Bob.
We're looking for people who can float tiny wooden airplanes into large structures.
We're looking for people who can roller skate with their hands behind their backs.
We're looking for people who can set lunch cakes and other citizens on fire.
Is sick humor a valid reaction to the unthinkable, to unthinkable horror?
Is that what this is?
Or is it just end times pornography?
A brief regurgitation of the week's news.
Thank God we have Bob to forgive us for, or rather to bring an excuse for our pathetic sins.
And only Bob can forgive us for this.
This is a stroke two.
Friends, we don't know.
You know, just because one vampire messes with you doesn't mean all vampires in every convenience store is bad.
People are going around hassling the vampiric Americans, the demonic Americans.
The only ones that are getting any slack at all are the etheric Americans, and they're already dead.
So it's kind of a moot point.
Yeah.
Just wait till it, you know, if you want, if you feel that you need to go do something,
do something to someone, go enlist, man.
They'll give you like a big gun.
They'll give you a big one.
That's right.
They'll send you over to somewhere where it counts.
If you've got real strong opinions about what they should do.
Go join the army.
Right.
Go be all you can be, Daniel.
That's right.
Don't say we unless you're going to go too.
I'm not going to go.
That's right.
I had, I read this one guy was saying.
I'm not going, but all these other people saying that we got to go kick some ass.
Well, go kick some ass, damn it.
Join up, man.
Join up.
Then you can call the rest of us a bunch of sissies.
In the meantime, like human, I declare war against God and challenge God and every every
damn terrorist and cult leader out there to meet us behind the old church in Jonesboro
tomorrow night.
Any hold you want to throw Jonesboro.
Bring this week.
Bring the Samuels Jonesboro battle.
Until then, don't be calling somebody else a sissy.
And don't be trying to make stink.
Finger with dogs with beards.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Angela.
Angela.
I'm a correspondent.
Are you?
I'm a correspondent.
Foreign correspondent.
We we don't correspond very well here.
We kind of just genius correspondent for which publication.
Miss.
I wrote a story on the event.
Oh, did you?
Yes.
What's your vendor?
Are you talking about?
You're talking about the explosion of the Pentagon.
The Pentagon is a building.
It's also a shape.
It's in Washington.

It's where our military is.
It was hit with a plane.
Lots of people died.
Now we are going to bomb Afghanistan.
It is not just because of that.
Also, the towers are gone.
God is a very bad person.
That is one of the most succinctly written journalistic pieces.
We're going to kill God.
I think that's what it's coming down to here.
By Evangela Devangela, age seven.
Send them F-16s right down into heaven and blow apart them and destroy them.









The golden gate.
Frankie, age nine.
Sidewinder missiles right between the golden gate.
Dan says it has to do with the decadence of Rome falling.
It doesn't have to do with the decadence of Rome falling.
It has to do with the decadence of the United snakes encroaching upon its own self.
He said people.
That's your opinion.
When they start talking about the fall.
Of course it's.
But it's a falsely uttered opinion.
But might be true.
But I think they come from the south because Mexico is probably going to be the one.






be scarier than Canada pretty soon when it happens.
I think Mexico is a great deal scarier than Canada is now, darling.
No, that's because you guys are Yankees.
If you were a Texan, you would know that Mexico is our dear brother or sister country
next door or something like that.
Hey, you're a Yankee now, too, Stang.
Old stanky Yankee.
I say viva Mexico.
I prefer to be called...
And I say viva everybody.
I love everyone.
I don't care anything.
I don't.
I don't care.
Muff, Dive, and Knive and Ivan will be just fine.
Muff, Dive, and Knive and Ivan.
One of America's favorite old wits and souls used to sit on the front porch and slobber
all day long.
Witticism, some call it.
Others call it nanity.
Subterfuge.
Blachma.
Schmata.
And poo.
Can I say hi to Legume?
You just did.
Hi, Legume.
You're a woman, aren't you, Angela?
Hey, this is...
This is a radio show.
Hey, I think he's getting to something.
Can I say hi to Legume, too?
Oh, well, you know...
Some stink finger.
What, are we going to start doing shout-outs now?
I feel that I should say something.
Audio stink finger.
All right.
I agree completely, Dr. Legume.
I feel that you have a correct...
I'm sorry, Stang.
Go ahead.
No, no, no.
No, after you, Dave.
No, Dave.
You lonesome cowboy Dave.
I just thought it was astute observation.
Go ahead.
Well, speaking of titties and changing friends,
friends, not to trivialize like we have
this horrible situation,
but to distract us, perhaps,
I want to announce that starting tomorrow
on SubSight, the SubGenius website,
we will be displaying as many titties
as we possibly can in the photographs
from the Critical Tits bike ride at Burning Man,
which, by the way, is completely approved by Connie Dobbs,
was conceived of by the Y-Mind.
Wow.
These are Y-Mind's tits.
Wow.
Y-Mind's photographed them.
That's wonderful.
They have been tweaked and approved
by a representative of the Y-Mind race.
Oh, tweaking titties is wonderful.
And these are artistically decorated.
Ah, artistic tweaking of titties is even more wonderful.
With at least two pairs of titties each,
you do the math,
that's a lot of beautiful distractions
from the horrors of the 21st century.
Stang, I would just like to ask you a question.
For those of you out there who are interested,
that these will all be American titties.
That is correct.
These are, there are titties of every race, creed, and color.
That's how you know they're American.
There's white titties, black titties, red, brown, yellow,
and a lot, because it's Burning Man,
a lot of blue, striped, flower-colored,
all kinds of titties,
because this is a melting pot.
It sure ain't melted together yet.
Everybody still hates each other,
but we don't hate each other as much as we hate them.
And now nobody hates anybody.
And the hate, the hate is what I hate, friends.
I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired of hating the hate.
And that's why I like to just sit back every now and then
and get away from it all.
Smoke the own corn blaster.
Into sick, depraved humor.
The only way that a sensitive person can deal with the absolute horrors
that one is forced to envision
when one is forced to once again pay attention
to what they think.
Smell it.

Call the news!
The goddamn news!
God, I hate it!
The goddamn news.
And the causes behind the news are even worse than the news itself.
And I don't understand any of it.
They were playing an America-held hosting.
I don't understand any of it,
and I don't know what to do about it.
Our leaders have told us,
as our leaders have told us before,
that they are our leaders.
This one's for Elvis, baby!
This one's for Elvis, baby!
Happy trails and heads or tails!
I say bomb them all!
Clean house, baby!
Let Bob sort them out!
That's right!
Kill them all!
That's right!
Let's turn the whole world into a sheet of glass!
Blow up this entire planet!
The whole world!
Earth first!
Goodbye!
We couldn't make it here.
There were too many people barking.
We'll destroy the other planets later.
Couldn't exactly hear what they were saying.
Appleé's
Appleé's
Appleé's
Appleé's
Appleé's
Appleé's

Appleé's
Appleé's
Appleé's
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
Frank Marino.
Power of Rock and Roll is the name of the album.
The old album.
That song.
Young Man.
So we moved on.
You know, I spent all of September 11th
on the Ironman.
CRC, the internet chat world of the subgenius.
Good thing you weren't on the IRT.
And the youthful ones, the older ones were all saying, oh, let's go nuke them.
The WTC, yes.
Let's nuke them back to the Stone Age.
Back to.
But the youngsters seemed to be afraid.
The youngsters were worried that this was the beginning of World War III.
Well, it might be.
Yeah, it might be.
Well, you might.
Yeah, sure.
But to the day of least and infinity.
That's what we thought.
They're trying to take our guns.
Remember that Gulf War miniseries?
They're trying to take our guns.
I never thought that was going to be a World War III.
But I could see how they could just get carried away.
Grenada.
That's the one I thought.
Look, either you're on our side or you're not.
And anybody who's on our side, well, we're fighting them.
We're taking out every one of them.
We might not shoot you if you're on our side.
And if you're not on our side, well, then you're guilty.
Right along with them.
And damn you.
And that, my friends, is the American, the American way.
You're getting a McDonald's and you're getting a Velvet Elvis, whether you like it or not.
Uncle Sam's going for a haircut and a shave now, friends.
I'd like to line up here, people, for the Americanization.
And just step right into the vacuum chamber.
Your hair will be automatically cut.
There goes the beard.
I have no funny, no religious hats or anything like that.
Everybody's going to look exactly like they are.
Get those pants.
Get those pants off the thing out loud again.
Yeah, baby, I remember I was an American.
I was a DEA agent.
My friends didn't even know about it.
Well, Bob, in another life, perhaps.
Another life.
And besides, we're not talking about human beings here.
It's never been proven their intelligence is in any way...
Oh, come on, Bob.
I don't know about you, but my compassion for someone is not limited to my estimate of their intelligence.
But what about you?
You must sit back and look into your Hollybrook skills.
If you think another man is a jacket bag, you're representing them as an average man.
For me to have to look into a jacket bag, is quite passerby.
I'm just comparing my personal experience every day.

I'm acting on me and test this guy, so I get away.
Let me because you're right.
I believe that's how I'll...
Was buffeting the jacket, too.
There we go.
On the planet Arrakis, yes.
Oh, my God. Look over there.
It's the sandworms.
Hey, what are you doing?
Sorry, I hate to be the first one to tell you, but you got sandworms.
Oh, man.
Worst case I've ever seen.
Downwind, boy.
And so, becoming a social undesirable can warp your entire life.
With some, it's sandworms.
With others, it's personal uncleanliness.
And thus begins the original one and only live subgenius Albert Slack
brought to you in memory of the ground war fought with sandworms.
You are about to experience a full-length subgenius show.
It means...
Seriophonic sound.
So relax, sit back, and enjoy our feature presentation.
Presented the way it was meant to be heard.
If your brain should lob up to the front of your head and explode your eyeballs,
do not panic, for this is completely normal.
Long live the succotash suckers!
Death to the onion eaters!
Long live King Hussein, the almighty gooter of this country.
To all intents and purposes, it was nonexistent in this crucial phase of the war.
The waves of American war planes are continuing to bring devastation on the Iraqi military machine.
When the missiles hit Israel, as I said, there was a fear that the Iraqis were using them.
My God, I think we've got incoming planes.
Okay, okay, run the hood.
What a turkey. Our own technology can run that stuff.
Get him, boys!
Get him, boys!
They took out those turkey choppers.
Space bleed kit!
That's right.
Okay, we made it.
Hey, I've got my APHE-EM10 rifle grenade handy.
What you need is your T-33 Scotch on the trainer now.
The bombardment has started.
They're beginning with the artillery of the raid.
Work out with ferry hydraulics.
Hurry in position, sir!
Commence firing on the ally.
These wounds are falling short at the moment, but as the range increases,
the hapless enemy is going to find itself separated by salty dashes of high-heavy armor.
He's all for the printer, cover and try-locking cable.
The operating system is MS-DOS, which gives the access user international standard software,
such as MS Word, or a multiplan database and MS Terminal.
Now being used at this very moment in the war.
Yes, this is war being done by some intruders.
They're using the 7th teleprinter type 100 CA, or the Hewlett-Packard laser jet.
We want peace.
I am convinced that the Jib-Bats eat.
Cheese and orangutans can exist there in peace.
And as he spoke, silence pervaded the battlefield.
The crickets welled up with almighty peaceful ringing of songs.
Those rotten cricket no-goodniks!
They blew it all!
And again the Middle East became the spawning down of the philosopher king,
the Messiah, the man-king!
He will be known as the King of Arrakis.
There, there.
My dear son mohabi the evil Baron Harkonnen and his Republican guards and don't forget stink
alias Bush master
Yes, George Leroy Herbert Walker sting bush in his leather loincloth now takes on
Madman Saddam and he threatens in his little voice to was Lister the buttocks of the Beast of Baghdad
Yes, duel in the desert day
664
It was when we realized the crickets were tripping that we knew there was water deep underneath the crust of Iraqis and
Covered with a milk chocolate shell which makes it purely delicious
once we realized that
deep in the underbelly of Iraqis
The deep in the belly of Babylon that the water surged and purged we knew that there was
dramatic possibility
about
Problems here in this iraqian war a sudden racking cough overcame me and desperate or a trouble the free
Is that this one hiding I think rumor has it that they wear their
Freeman's think they find their make car rounds and they're wearing those Freeman's on the base
I suppose if it tastes like vegetables they keep that water stored and they never go pee
I mean there it comes the green turnip landing a burleson air force base
I'm strategic left is the true force multiplier at these bases
Yes, the United States faces both a dangerous challenge in a significant up a fam
It is an area of military mobilization and deployed potential we're talking about an increasing on plan
driving
Genius foundation subgenius foundation or the Pacific Ocean
VSD air defense is to in you call it I
get a little air
is on the
rate on a continuous way back to the radar been given a whole priority by
the Navy Air Force teams and has been
I've been
United
I
I
I
I





I

I
in the vectors
ça deliveries
Cours
vis-à-vis
the
the

were
the
the

all the
Post Office Box 140306 in mighty Dallas, Texas.
Dear friends, that's right.
I'm actually telling you how to find out more.
Far, far more than you may ever have dreamed possible.
You think it started with this radio show.
Ha! Get that pencil out again and write.
And just say, Bob, send me some.
And write that to Bob, Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
And learn just what else you can get your grubby little hands on
and your hideous...
blistered ears upon
and what you can burn out your retinas with.
You'll see.
Ha, ha, ha, yes, you'll see.
And also, that's www.subgenius.com.
Now the Fog M fiber optic guided missile is hurtling down
and turning left at the stairway in front of you
and up it's going through each bedroom,
sniffing for the one person typed into its computer printer.
Stick your...
stick your hand in the ballot box, my boy,
and taste my Kareem Abdul Jabbar.
Ha, ha, ha, it's old Saddam Hussein.
You can sit it right in the basket.
If you pull your mitts out, that's it.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Kaput!
Yes.
And now...
And so, Reverend Mother swept majestically from the room.
Cleaning out under the tables and...
We're breaking up, we're breaking up!
Can't take it. Must reach oxygen switch.
Uh, it's the fake show here on the fake station.
In a basement far away from the room.

Or I shall watch you crash into your rocket away airplane
while I smoke expensive cigars and make hot-blooded rabattles.
Contrary to popular belief, everybody loves a fat man.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Now watch this one jump when I fire this lightweight,
folding 9mm caliber machine gun into his stomach.
Look! Up in the sky! It's a bird!
It's a plane!
It's...
Bob the Dod.
Hey, Bob, this is it.
What is it, Bob?
Breakdown, huh? That's phony to me.
Breakdown, huh? That's phony to me.
Lone-Cow Dave, don't you know what they're doing to yourself?
