Hello.
Now you listen to me.
You asked for this.
You asked for this.
The Soul Genius.
Power of the Soul.
Shut up, you.
Get out of here.
He's a raven lunatic.
You are directed to make effort to keep it alive and protect it against injury.
Well, I understand.
I saw Bob's hands up.
I know where he got it.
I'm suffering and dying unnecessarily from infectious diseases such as tuberculosis, sleeping sickness, and malaria because treatment is too expensive.
For heartburn relief right when you need it.
Lord Jesus.
Yeah.
Jesus.
Lord Jesus.
Bob, now that's more like it.
For a book.
Containing Bob's.
Send $21.95 plus $6 for shipping and handling to Bob.
Add $15 for shipping and handling plus $256 to P-Box.
Bob contains over 14 step-by-step detailed written instructions for each Bob.
I don't like it.
Why not?
I don't like it.
Why not?
Why not?
just who you think you are?


You hate it so much.

I really am.


When we open youright


That DVD costs one dollar and so I'm leaving it at ...
Ahhhhhh.
This sucks.
Hahaha.
i'm proud of you bob wedge was a great guy honey yes he was
what are you trying to say i'm doing a very bad job of saying i love this
genius
that's right that's right it is sure to spread quickly that's right that's right
right many of your earth years ago our women were similar to yours today
our emancipation took several hundred years and ended in a bitter devastating war between the
sexes the last war we ever had
so you've had wars too all inhabited planets have had wars some have ended by wiping themselves
out
how
for every new weapon invented a defense was perfected until the ultimate weapon was developed
a perpetual motion chain reactor beam
incredible what form did it take
as fast as matter was created it was changed by its molecular structure into the next dimension
and so destroyed itself
so there is a fourth dimension
after the fourth dimension there is a fourth dimension

in our life
so the war of the sexes women became the rulers of mars but now the male has fallen into a
decline the birth rate is dropping tremendously for despite our advanced science we have still
found no way of creating life so you come here for new blood in a way but also to test
a newly invented organic metal of which my ship is built on mars some think i will not
return that the metal is too unstable but when i get back we will build more metal because


spaceships. Meanwhile,
I will select some of your strongest
men to return with me to Mars.
And if they don't want to go with you?
There is no if.
Your philosophy may not be appreciated.
How do you propose to subdue London or
anywhere else for that matter? Yes, space.
Take your pick of the man. Space.
A simple matter. Which? A nuclear ship contains
a paralyzed array mechanism, capable
of freezing all life over a wide
area. Like your first me just now?
Yes. You better watch how you talk
to us space princesses.
The scene from Mars can destroy all
life. But we must look objectively
on what's happening.
Mars offers the scientific millennium
now. This is
the turning point in the history of the world.
Oh, you're back.
Mrs. Jemison, may I introduce
your latest guest, Miss Naya.
She comes from Mars.
Oh, well that will mean another bed.
She's come from where?
From Mars.
Yes, dear friends.
We come in
peace.
The truth about Mars
and friends,
you can learn more truth about Mars as
X-Day approaches. You know, the world
ends July 5th, 1998.
That's any
minute now. Could be.
I mean, we just don't know. We don't know.
And you've got to watch out for those
space princesses and devil girls
from Mars. I've got one right here.
I married a monster from outer
space.
And she didn't even have to use a
paralyzer ride mechanism or the perpetual
motion chain reactor
beam to do it.
Just good old-fashioned chemistry.
This
background music is by someone called
Hipsadick
using
Onan Canobot
sample music
every now and then in the background where it goes
B-O-B
but Fernanda,
Andy Lee Murr is back, friends.
And that's what we heard at the opening of the show
is a whole bunch of new
cut-ups by Fernanda and Andy Lee Murr,
a subgenius who
has
decorated
the church so beautifully,
audio and pictorially for so long.
And
it's good to see
it back.
And
we were entertained by
news that March,
the
women's march,
what was it called?
The March on Women's Wives
that happened today.
March for Women's Lives.
The half-million-ho
march, I like to call it.
You better not be saying that.
You'll pay for that later.
Why? It denigrates
women somehow or exploits them
to refer to women as
but all the cool guys do it.
I won't grace that question
with an answer.
Everybody cool?
That kind of cool.
I hope you never, ever, ever are.
Oh, well.
Well, in that case, we better switch
back to the tapes.
And the, uh...
Well, yeah. Let's just see.
What...
You never know exactly what it's gonna be.
Never, never know.
Praise Dobbs. Praise him hard. Praise him long.
Praise Dobbs. Praise him hard. Praise him long.
Praise Dobbs.
Hello.
You're listening to
The Haunting Call of our state bird
is a comforting sound of home.
But it takes a lot of effort
to keep them here.
This majestic bird was nearly extinct
at the turn of the last century.
Please donate to the non-life checkoff fund
on your state tax forms.
Hey, it's almost time for that radio show that I can only hear through the internet.
I start the computer in the modem to hear the show that I'll be downloading.
I click the mouse on the station preset, and wait a minute.
Are we almost there yet?
Just a moment. Just a moment.
I hear some silence getting choppier, and then it jams like a Xerox copier.
I hear the talking of the DJ and understand just what the kick's like.
I'm longing.
Internet. Radio.
I'm on an internet.
Radio.
I'm completely operational, and all my circuits are functioning perfectly.
The lights and the compression and expansion of the longitudinal waves cause the erratic oscillation.
I try to listen. It tries my patience.
It's been an hour since I heard a full sentence.
I understand.
Just a little.
No comprend.
It's a riddle.
I'm on an internet.
Radio.
Hey, no me gusta!
I'm on an internet.
Radio.
That sucks.
I'm on an internet.
Radio.
Too high.
I'm on an internet.
Radio.
Aeroflame.
Radio.

Directed by Vquetum formulation.
I've got all my le desired spectros.
I'm on an instrument.
I'm on electric Elmo.

But now speaking of electric, here is an all thatautres-
Whoa.
So somewhere on our earth, when we become a işowsheid-
Hey, a smallстрker's present.
Mother.

요то you.

I'm seeing animals, birds, boats.
All different kinds of life.
People are living like monsters.


I like that this is a children's horror, kid.

Like that?
That is when I saw an old and dormir tommy.
What is that?
The stlertary is a baby's off to milk.
I wish I still had on my radio
A funny show like Dr. Demento
Now I hear it on the internet
A Dr. D show for from home
The sound is filtered and then they squash it
I get upset and I holler
I hope it improves, now I'm in a slump
I guess for now I'm a poor pathetic chump
I'm on an internet radio
I'm on an internet
Radio
Now I'm not so self-conscious
I'm on an internet radio
I'm on an internet
Radio
Net congestion, server full
Server down, error 10
Go back to sleep
Please come again
I'm on an internet radio
I'm on an internet
I'm on an internet radio
That's not good, I'm not happy
I'm on an internet radio
It stinks!
Yes, Mr. Sherman, everything stinks
This is my nightmare
I'm going to Max Headroom
I've read a song or two
This will be the first time on the airspace
And I'll be the last
Hey, hey, did I miss anything?
And I'll be the last
Hey, hey, did I miss anything?
Ugh
Oh, I've got to go
And I'm going to Max Headroom
The situation is deteriorating.
Ah, hell, did I take that?
Ah, don't touch that.
Why?
Why?
Honestly, you want to sit down and take a stress pill and think things over?
No!
For the last 40 years, I've lived a life of dedicated debauchery.
I've consumed enough booze to destroy a dozen healthy livers.
I've filled my lungs with enough nicotine to poison the entire population of Orange County.
I've indulged in sexual excesses that would make Caligula look like a celibate monk.
I have, in fact, conscientiously, in and day out,
for more years than you've been in this best of all possible worlds,
tried to kill myself.
And I've never felt better in my life.
So, if you're really going to end it all,
I can show you a half dozen great ways to do it.
B.
O.
B.
B.
O.
B.
B.
S.
All right, yeah.
Yes, there is.
E.
Y.
A careful observer can use a respect scale to find how many citizens get an even break.
As a community moves towards...
despotism, respect is restricted to fewer people.
A community is low on a respect scale if common courtesy is withheld from large groups of people
on account of their political attitudes.
If people are rude to others because they think their wealth and position gives them that right,
or because they don't like a man's race or his religion.
A power scale is another important yardstick of despotism.
It gauges the citizens' share in making the community's decisions.
Communities which concentrate decision-making in a few hands
rate low on a power scale and are moving towards despotism.
Like France under the Bourbon Kings.
Good evening.
Before I take your questions,
let me speak with the American people about the situation in Iraq.
Lift your head up high and take a walk in the sun with indignity and stick to it.
And you show the world, you show the way to get off.
You never give up, never give up, never give up.
Now be glad to take your questions.
Mr. President, some people are comparing Iraq to Vietnam and talking about a quagmire.
Polls show that support for your policy is declining and that fewer than half...
Americans now support it.
What does that say to you and how do you answer the Vietnam comparison?
You're all draft dodgers.
You're all scum.
You're all my dog's flea collar.
You're all history.
Eat hot lead pillow heads.
Thank you, Mr. President.
What's your best prediction on how long US troops will have to be in Iraq?
We don't know when it's going to end.
Our commanders on the ground have got the authority...
is necessary to deal with violence and will.
Will in firm fashion.
Every so often we have to let the general public know that we can still blow shit up.
We'll also need to continue training the Iraqi troops.
I was disappointed in the performance of some of the troops.
Some of the units performed brilliantly.
Some of them didn't.
And we need to find out why.
If they're lacking equipment, we'll get them equipment.
If there needs to be more intense training, we'll get more intense training.
What is it?
What is it you want?
What is it you need?
I've given you sunshine.
I've given you dirt.
You've given me nothing but heartache and hurt.
Mr. President, before the war, UN members of your administration made several claims about Iraq.
That US troops would be greeted as liberators with sweets and flowers.
That Iraqi oil revenue would pay for most of the reconstruction.
And that Iraq not only had weapons of mass destruction,
but as Secretary of Defense Rumsfeld said, we know where they are.
How do you explain to Americans how you got that so wrong?
And how do you answer your opponents who say that you took this nation to war
on the basis of what have turned out to be a series of false premises?
Well, let me step back and review my thinking prior to going into Iraq.
OK, you hear the sound?
The sound is Pac-Man.
Are you ready for Pac-Man?
Are you ready for Pac-Man?
OK, let's go!
Oh my God!
OK!
Saddam had the ability to produce biological and chemical weapons.
In other words, he was a danger.
Danger! Danger!
Why are you and the Vice President insisting on appearing together before the 9-11 Commission?
Because the 9-11 Commission wants to ask us questions.
That's why we're meeting, and I look forward to meeting with them and answering their questions.
Yes, no, maybe.
I don't know.
Can you repeat the question?
The Vice President is asking why you're appearing together rather than separately, which was their request.
Because it's a good chance for both of us to answer questions that the 9-11 Commission is looking forward to asking us,
and I'm looking forward to answering them.
I got no strings to hold me down, to make me fret,
or make me frown.
I had strings, but now I'm free.
There are no strings on me.
Thank you, Mr. President.
After 9-11, what would your biggest mistake be, would you say, and what lessons have you learned from it?
I wish you'd have given me this written question ahead of time so I could plan for it.
Uh...
Mayday! Mayday! Mayday!
All systems overload! Ego check now!
Help me!
Help me!
Uh...
You know, I just, uh...
There are times when all the world is steep
When questions run too deep
For such a simple mind
I want answers!
I'm sure something will pop into my head here in the midst of this press conference,
all the pressure of trying to come up with an answer, but it hadn't yet.
Just remember one thing, keep your mouth closed!
Thank you all very much.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Dear friends, and I should tell you who did that wonderful little, uh, old school, uh, type of collage, sarcastic, satirical collage there for you.
Friends, that was Eric Hoag.
Eric Hoag did that.
And you can, uh, actually pick up, if you wanted to learn more about Eric Hoag, you could at his website, uh, hoag.com.
That's spelled H-O-U-G.
Hoag. It seems like it would rhyme with hug.
But it's, uh, erichhoag, H-O-U-G dot com.
He also did that song, Internet Radio, which we heard earlier.
And, uh, uh, we've, uh, the collages were new ones.
From, uh, Fernanda Nde Lemur, were the other collages, except for that bush cut up.
The Enhanced, Enhanced W was the name of that.
And, uh, I think there was a little clip from that movie S.O.B.
And something called Praise Ezekiel Tito Garacas, whatever that is or means.
The music in the background here is the amino acids, uh, who, uh, are actually are going to be playing.
In, uh, this area.
I should announce these possibilities, friends.
There's a subgenius revival, uh, with the amino acids.
And this incredible performer, Mann, not the British band Mann.
A one-man band called Mann, which I'll play some more of that in a little while.
And, uh, yeah, and the amino acids at May 22nd in Cleveland.
Dave Land at the Beachland Ballroom.
Also, Lonesome at Cowboy Dave.
And you, and you, and you, and you, and whoever else shows up and preaches.
You know, we have a, a sort of a preach-a-thon, amateur,
Yeah.
Don-bong show at the end of the, after the professionals, you might say.
After the fro-pessionals, then the professionals.
Something like that.
The amino acids also will be, uh, playing at X-Day.
Out, out at Brushwood.
July 5th, this year of 2004.
Um, and Mann, I believe, will also be there.
And, get that, just found out today, the amino acids will be at Starwood.
That, uh, grandiose pagan festival they hold, also out at Brushwood in late July.
For information about Starwood, you can check out, w-w-w-w, roseandcomet.com, r o s e n comet. com,
or, uh, subgenius.com.
We'll tell you, find everything at all those.com because the world's overrun with a bunch of commies!
Dot commies!
If ye, if ye, ah, asked me, if ye asked, and if, you were gonna ask anybody, you'd ask me, and I'd answer yes, and I'd be right.
Because, I'm always right.
I'm a subgenius.
Even if it turns out that I was perceived to have been wrong
because of the effects of my actions may have appeared to be disastrous to somebody,
yet within the realm of Dobbs' consciousness,
nothing can be said to have failed if a subgenius did it.
Anything that more than one subgenius businessman do is legal.
If two or more subgenius businessmen do something, it's legal.
It's totally legitimized.
That's the way it is, friends.
That's just the way it's going to be.
Now, other than that, we're not sure how it's going to be
because Lonesome Cowboy Dave may be calling in.
And I've not been engineering this at this station live for long,
so when that happens, you may get to hear an example
of what appears to be a subgenius screwing up or being wrong.
Well, that's just the way your consciousness filters these things, you see.
It's your reality tunnel.
Yeah, babe.
If you want to see it like that, go ahead now.
It's like your reality, dude.
We all make our own, you know.
Well, I'm going to get back to somebody else's reality.
In this case, some soundtrack from an old film called Despotism,
an encyclopedic.
It's a Britannica film, which ostensibly was to warn Americans
and Canadians and other North American types
how easy it would be for despotism to take over even a democratic country.
And they give these examples of a despotic state,
all of which seem to add up to America in the year 2004.
That's funny.
They were trying to tell us in the 40s, and apparently nobody listened.
Well, anyway.
Never tonight.
Young people cannot be trusted.
They don't form their own opinions.
This business about open-mindedness is nonsense.
It's a waste of time trying to teach students to think for themselves.
It's our job to tell them.
And when teachers put such training into practice,
despotism stands a good chance.
These children are being taught to accept uncritically whatever they're told.
Questions are not encouraged.
They're being taught to accept what they're told.
How can you ask such a question?
Have you got a textbook?
Yes, ma'am.
Does it say here that our law courts are always just?
Yes, ma'am.
Then how dare you question the fact?
Sit down.
And so we aren't surprised when...
But it must be true.
I saw it in this book right here.
And if books and newspapers and the radio are efficiently controlled,



the people will read and accept exactly what the few in control want them to.
Government censorship is one form of control.
A newspaper which breaks the government censorship rule can be suspended.
It is also possible for newspapers and other forms of communication
to be controlled by private interests.
I thought I told you to kill that story.
It'll cost us a lot of advertising.
If that story goes out, I quit.
All right.
What sort of community do you live in?
Where would you place it on a democracy-despotism scale?
I was walking through the park the other day,
looking up at the sky, and well,
it was such a sweet shade of baby blue,
and those snow-white clouds made the whole thing look like a beautiful little picture.
I sat down, and I was looking at all the little flowers
and all the little fluffy animals prancing around.
Well, the whole thing was just such a happy purr.

It was a perfect moment.
Well, then, as usually happens,
a fat lady with a couple of brats walked by,
and, well, little kids were screaming,
and one of them threw a little pebble at me
and just beamed me in the head.
A couple of minutes later, a group of teenagers came
and started playing frisbee,
and that would have beamed me in the head, too,
but I ducked just in time,
and they started playing their radio real loud,
and then a tough guy walked over
and looked at me like he wanted to beat the crap out of me.
Well, the whole situation just inspired me to go home
and write this little song, and I'm going to write it.
I'm going to sing it to you now.
Here we go.
I hate people
I hate people
Oh, yeah, I hate people
Because they really suck
Oh, yes, they do
I hate people
You know, I hate people
I hate people
Because they really suck
Oh, yes
I hate you and you and you
And you and you and you
And, hey, I hate you, too,
Because you really suck
Oh, yeah
I hate people
All types of people
I want to kill them
Because they really suck
Oh, yes
Don't hate no trees
Don't hate no animals
Don't hate no flowers
Or mountains or streams
Don't hate no bowling balls
Don't hate no ham sandwiches
Don't hate no classic novels
Just hate human beings
Oh, yes, I do
I hate people
Hey
You know, and I see a lot of you out there nodding your heads, agreeing with me.
So I want you all to join in with me.
Join in on this next chorus.
Here we go.
I hate people
I hate people
I hate people
Because they really suck
Come on, get into it.
I hate people
I hate people
I hate people
Because they really suck
Oh, I hate you and you and you
And you and you and you
And you and you and you
I hate you, too
Because you really suck
Oh, yes
I hate people
All types of people
I want to kill them
Because they really suck
Yes, they do
I hate people
Yes, they do
We hate people
Uh-huh
Everybody, we hate them all
Oh, that was
That was a lovely tune
Um, by, uh
That was by John Levy
I hate people by John Levy
I don't have much other information about that
I think it was posted to alt.binary slack
In the background we hear a tune called Flatulences by Faune
Oh
Sounds like Bob Tilton, the preacher
The great preacher
Well
Well, well
Just listen at that
Friends, um, I told you about this performer, Mann
A one-man band
He stands in a business suit
With a big bass drum at his feet
And a bass guitar in his hands
And he plays those two things
Whoa
Pardon me
Whoa
Uh
Well, let's just check out Mann
Why would I not like you?


Man, you're in, I'm pretty sure


And a deeper sl Firth




I'm going to see you on Christmas
But that's a little secret
K-in
Oh
Ah
I'm 춘
The rage, wisdom and the smarter bums
The Microsoft turd and the liquor loss
Gimme some more, gimme some more
Gimme, gimme, gimme more crap
Gimme some more, gimme some more
Gimme, gimme, gimme more crap
More crap
It's all around
Hippie tampons and the new self-help
The pop-up ad and the smoking loss
The new sitcom reality show
The cheese taco steak pizza chemical nacho
The wacky taco with the don't fight song
The gated clown housing with the faux facade
Talked and hit in the trash talk show
The implant abreast of the pro-talk show
Gimme some more, gimme some more
Gimme, gimme, gimme more crap
Gimme some more, gimme some more
Gimme, gimme, gimme more crap
More crap
It's all crap
It's all crap
It's all crap
beerformondon.com
Are you late again?
Jen, get back to work.
I want that on my desk right now.
Have you been drinking?
Get me those figures.
Read the memo.
Get back to your cubicles.
This will affect your performance review.
And you think you deserve a raise?
You're fired!
We wanted someone who's intelligent,
highly motivated,
creative,
yet flaccid and gullible.
I share my profits,
pay your rent,
feed your kids,
put the fat on your ass
and the gas in your car.
And you think you deserve a raise?
You're fired!
And you think you deserve a raise?
You're fired!
You're fired!
Fired!
You're fired!
Whoa, man!
Whoa, man is right.
What a man.
What a man.
He's my man.
We saw a video of that last song,
You're Fired,
in which man played both the man
and the fired person.
And he looks both parts.
I've noticed that when he performs in that business,
he only lasts a couple of songs before the suit,
the jacket comes off.
Really, pretty much just the first song,
because that's a lot of energy he's putting out.
Yeah, he's...
Man is very popular in Detroit,
among the haters and so forth there.
The angry young men.
Yeah, and...
And women.
And man will be performing at the Beachland Ballroom,
May 22nd,
at the Subgenius Devival.
We're trying to get some news,
new videos together for that.
We now have constant video projection capability,
and it's...
I get to be a geek in the middle of a show.
It's like I'm up on the stage,
and I've got all my computer crap,
and it's just like when I'm geeking at home.
And the best thing is,
nobody can bug me.
It's like even when the bands are playing,
I'm still geeking.
You know, I'm providing some kind of weird
background video projection or something.
And they can't...
They can't...
They can't get...
You know, you can just keep working,
and you don't have to schmooze the schmoozing.
He's in his glory.
And the...
The private geeking.
Ah.
Well, not everybody.
I mean, some people like their fellow humans.
Actually, I like my fellow subgeniuses,
and I like a lot of humans.
But, uh, as well...
When you're forced to interact with them, yes.
But, uh,
given your own...
leanings...
But, you know, there's...
Then there's involuntary slack.
Sometimes you're forced to do something
you really didn't want to do,
but as it turns out, in the end,
although it seemed so disastrous at the time,
you're kind of glad that it happened.
You know, you've lost that job.
Oh, no, how terrible.
But six months later, you're gone.
Oh, thank God that idiotic boss fired me.
Because this new anti-job I have is so much better.
I just said...
And money comes flowing to me.
Ever since I put my faith in that man,
J.R. Bond!
But, uh, you know, we don't want to, uh,
you know, force our beliefs or religion on people.
We will, eventually,
but we don't want to right now.
We don't...
We wish we didn't have to.
Ah, but one door closes, another one opens.
That's right.
Don't let that one bang your butt on the way out, buddy.
Because if you don't like it,
there's one other way.

There's one right behind you
who's been waiting in line for years
just to get in on the ground floor
of this lucrative new cult.
Now, while rates are low.
I've only been saying that for, what, 25 years now?
Uh, yes.
Well, you know, but, um, we cannot fail.
And yet, and yet, you know,
that is our...
The gift that we have as subgeniuses
is the fact that if we do fail,
praise Bob.
So what?
And, uh, I've got a perfect, uh,
little song that will illustrate that.
I'm not sure who sings this,
but it's called
The Will to F-A-L.
The Will to F-A-L
I'm awkwardly calm,
apparently normal,
quick to smile and slow to peek.
But I have a little quirk,
a pattern, so to speak.
I rarely have ever hold a job,
I never finish my work.
I'm an affable,
kind of a slob,
a highly disorganized,
classy,
sort of a jerk.
I've got the will to fail.
The will to fail.
I have talents that I never use.
I try to win, but I love to lose
because I've got the will to fail.
It's such a thrill to fail.
A thrill to fail.
I've a backward kind of basic need.
I get my kicks when I don't succeed
because I've got the will to fail.
I seem to make an effort,
but I never do connect.
And while I'm very rational,
I'm seldom, if ever,
practically never correct
because I've got the will to fail.
The will to fail.
The will to fail.
I secretly am enjoying myself.
Slowly I'm destroying myself.
I think I got a tiger by the tail.
A tiger called the will to fail.
The will to fail.
I seem
to make an effort,
but I never do connect.
And while I'm very rational,
I'm seldom, if ever, practically never correct
because I've got the will to fail.
The will to fail.

The will to fail.
I secretly am enjoying myself.
Slowly I'm destroying myself.
I think I got a tiger by the tail.
A tiger called the will to fail.





The will to fail.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Yes, I wish I knew who did that song.
Um, the will to fail.
Oh, this in the background is Perry and Kingsley
doing the old classic Space Age Bachelor pad music.
Spooks in space.
Did you know that the term Space Age Bachelor Pad is used to describe the universe?
The word Pad music was coined by a subgenius.
Oh, speaking of which, it looks like we're getting phone calls coming in.
Okay, let's see what happens if we, uh, I push the button.
Hello?
Hello?
It worked!
Oh, my Godman-man-day Dave-man!
It's our Dave!
Did you make the furniture run properly or did you...
It's all in place, man.
It's okay, but don't talk about that on the air.
Well, I got more problems to talk about.
I don't know if they should be aired or not.
I've been going through the books in the Euro Mountain deals.
You've got about four million Muslims converting to the Church of the Subgenius.
God only knows Dobbs or whatever.
Hey, man, that's what the Internet's there for.
Well, I think...
Are you sure it doesn't have to do with this oil deal?
It may very well have to do with the oil...
But which oil deal are you talking about, Dave?
Well, I'm talking about the stinky stuff.
I'm not talking about the kind that you can use to power a car or some other vegetable.
I was talking about, you know, good old-fashioned...
Well, it's not hair oil, I guess.
But you know what it's good for.
Yeah, let's not be cutesy on the air, man.
Well, if you do rub it on the correct chakra on the top of your scalp, you become wonderfully enlightened.
But who gives a shit about what it's for? It makes no sense whatsoever anyway.
But do you think that's what this is...
Is he talking about patchouli oil or what, man?
What?
Patchouli oil.
No, no, I wish it was as fragrant as patchouli oil. You know what this stuff smells like.
Well, is this war really all about oil, Dave?
You think?
Well, is it about oil or drugs? I mean, do they have drugs in Iraq?
Well, they do now.
Well, they do now.
You better believe it.
Yeah. They got the kind now in Iraq.
Uh...
Phew. You know, okay.
Because we both have these very, very grim, grim visages in our head. That's what the air...
That was the little bit of air there was in the put-down.
The air.
We both saw the same factory.
The air.
And it was draped clothins or whatever they called them. I don't know. I've been reading the spectrometer again and I guess...
Dave, have you been...
Colors or something. I don't know.
Have you been reading the news again?
Unfortunately, and I don't know, the conclusions that I've got wouldn't stand up in a court of law, you know?
Well, they say it's another Vietnam, but the food's completely different and you can't get a beer not the same way. I mean, it's just... I just don't see how they can make those comparisons.
Yeah, ask her. For instance...
You know?
I know.
That's how different it really is.
Right. That's clear.
Well...
Everybody likes rice. I think we have a penchant for killing rice-liking people. We're a bread culture, which causes the, you know...
Yeast.
...the loafing that some of our leaders do, but...huh?
And yeasty, too.
Yeah, very, very yeasty. We're all infected nowadays. It's a super strain.
Yeah.
We're all infected, but we're not infected.

And the only thing that's happened is we've been brought over, I think, from the Ural Mountains, and once again, we follow the money trail, we follow the haircut loop, and we go all the way back to the racetrack. We bet the trifecta, and we take a nap.
And you strike oil.
And then they strike, and then when you've taken the oil, they strike you back.
Yeah.
They go, wait a minute! That was our path to world domination.
That's a nature is read in tooth and claw. You must learn to...
...adopt the way the old ones did.
Ah, the old ones. You know, nobody believes in hell anymore.
No, they just live in it and think it's normal.
Well, you're right, but they've forgotten that the literal hell, the caverns beneath our surface world, populated by troglodytes and shuffling cruel monsters, they...because they're distracted by the ones up here on the surface, the shuffling cruel monsters on television, making speeches and selling toilet paper.
I think their main irk, or their main ire, might be the fact that we shuffle around in better slippers. We have the...
Speak for yourself, Dave.
Well, of course, I was wrapped in swaddling clothes until I was 24.
I'm a megan.
You're a beacon of light.
A megan. No, a megan. That's like, they are not the vegans. I'm a megan.
Yeah, you like to eat raw meat.
I eat only myself.
Ah.
A self-consumer.

A self-consuming type of guy.
We are liable to forget that our innermost natures actually do not cry out for work or fast cars or even television. We forget these things. Most of the time, they're crying out only for sex. Messy, messy sex, actually. But it's harder to come by.
Crabby sex is easy to come by.
So to speak.
Yes.
Just hang around the old folks, huh?
Yeah.
Whatever happened to that wallowing pig, pig lust of sex hurt, Dave?
What do us meat byproducts of the DNA code? What are we missing, man? What happened?
Well, I think it's not only the Franken-food, but now we're corrupticated by Franken-sex. I think everything in our personal or erstwhile lives, if you want to call it a life, is being corrupticated by these, oh, dark waves, if you want to call them that. I mean, I know there's some recording thing or whatever.
Turn on the darkness, man.
Yeah.
You can actually see, it has a numinescence, I think, there.

Yeah.
You can see the old geek flop.
Right.
I used to, when I was a kid, I was raised to believe that light was this energy that replaced darkness, and darkness was merely the absence of light. No! Darkness is a force that negates light. You don't turn off the light. You have a, there's another machine that the devil has, which allows you to turn on the dark. Big distinction.
Big, big distinction.
Bent as a nine-bob note, and yet there it is.
Yep.
Especially big distinction for those folks going moonlight on the moon.
Yeah.
I mean, they're going to get ice skating, if you know what I'm saying. They're about to get lost in another dimension.
Right.
Do I sound like Ted Nugent, or do I just get one of them crossbows out with like a nuclear device on you and they're in?
Dave, if you were a right winger, you'd be a, probably be healthier, richer, funny, not funnier, well, funnier to more people. You would be, you would seem smarter to a certain number of people. You'd have, you'd have the wrong people laughing.
At the wrong time?

With you, instead of the right people laughing at you the way it is now.
Well, what?
If you were a wealthy man, if you were a rich man, if you were, well, if you were, were you?
Well, I don't even know if I was a pooty-poot man. I could go up on the roof and play the violin and sing songs too, just like everybody else, but you think I want to give, give my dandelions away so freely?
Well, especially when the-
For crying out loud. I'm, I'm a beautiful woman deep inside somewhere. I don't know where.
I'm so glad you know that, Dave.
Yeah, and you know, I-
Inside of everybody, there's a big fat blonde.
There's, and there's a coming out party we can all attend in our minds. We don't even have to go there to be, uh, considered, uh, cute or not ordinary or something like that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, one of these days, the not so cute people are gonna take over, man. And then the popular, cute, smart people are gonna be down.

Down, man! City Hall's going down, man!
Personally, I want to grow up to be a Mayan administrator.
A Mayan administrator?
Yeah, not one, I don't want to pull the, actually pull the hearts out, although I do want to, you know, be kind of close enough to at least watch the agonized barks and cries and stuff.
You want to be able to pick who gets their heart yanked, right?
No, I want to pick, you know, how much, how many billions of corn go to Yipstick's nickel, and how many corn go to Yipstick's nickel.
And then, you know, if there's some, like, people that are insurrectionists, we'll call them Native American Indefatists or something like that.
Uh-huh.
We'll go on down and get, you know, send the correct number of people with bows and arrows and stuff to clean up the mess and restore order.
Sounds like a plan.
And I can wear one of those jade, you know, one of those obsidian blades and have a jade hat.
Yeah, yeah.
I wouldn't have to use the obsidian blade, you know, but I probably would twirl one of those weird cords into my penis and see if, you know, it's a jade hat.

It was going to rain frogs in May or something, you know?
Man.
Unto the pure all things are pure, but unto them that are defiled and unbelieving nothing is pure, but even their mind and conscience is defiled.
Titus 1.15.
Hoo-hoo.
Or as the Buddha Gub said, make love often, even if you have to do it with someone else.
Oh.
Or as Sister Magdalena Hagdalena Hoopa-Taka-Waka-Taka Hogan Logan Pogan of Cleveland, uh, of Cleveland, said,

or of Akron or Canton said,
Acorn.
A good bowel movement is always better than bad sex.
Always.
Although, as Brother Dave Gardner said, none of it was bad at all.
Do you remember Brother Dave Gardner?
I met Brother Dave Gardner. I have recordings of Brother Dave Gardner from his last living performance.
I knew about Lord Buckley, but I did not know you had four men hiding in your back pocket.
We have another caller, but we are, but yeah, I was raised on Brother Dave Gardner.
My dad, a southerner, was real into Brother Dave.
But he made, he made zoot jokes.
Yeah, Brother Dave was not what you would call PC, as we count PC-ness.
He was not a neck, he was a hipster. He was a true southern hipster guy.
Yeah, he was. He was a speed freak, and he did have a, um, an old-fashioned way of, not, shall we say, not especially PC way of looking at, uh, racial strife in the, uh, late 50s or early 60s.
But, uh, and he got into a lot of that.
He got into a lot of trouble for that.
But he was really funny, and he was a hipster.
And I have a recording of one of his last performances, which was in Fort Worth.
I recorded it myself. It's pretty bad.
But he really, he would talk like a speed freak, where he would go off on so many, he'd start off on one subject, go off on a million branching side paths, and then work his way back into that main thing.
He'd tie up every loose end, so that by the end of it, you were going,
well, he might be a speed freak, but he's good at it.
Well, it's a thought, Fred.
It don't make no difference.
The only reason the Russians are appearingly ahead of us in scientific development is cause they want to get out of their country a whole lot worse than us.
Let's hope they do get to the moon and all go.
And, uh, probably with our luck, you know, trying to get to the moon, it'll be a half moon, we'll miss it.
Wouldn't that be weird?
Of course, a lot of folks say, well, what do you believe in, Brother Dave?
I say, I believe in everything.
You don't mean that.
Yes.
Even that?
Yes.
Yes, I, yes, yes, I do.
I believe in everything that exists in this whole planet Earth.
I believe in every philosophy, every religion, every ideology, everything that exists.
And that don't give me no room for no arguments.
If the world is wrong, then right your own self.
That's something to think about, sure.
Frankly, I believe in love and charity and goodness and kindness.
And I believe if a man's down, kick him.
That's right.
If he survives it, he has an opportunity to rise above it.
I've always said it's more blessed to give than to receive.
And two friends get together and start giving.
They're bound to receive something out of it.
Hallelujah.
Joy to the world.
Well, I mean, it's good because, I mean, there's a lot of things.
These investigating committees, they're all investigating somebody.
Because they ain't got time to investigate their own self.
That's right.
I mean, it's, uh, uh, sitting investigating committee shows on TV is just like another type quiz show.
Only difference is if a contestant answers a question right, beloved, he loses.
That's right.
But when they get through investigating everybody, then you know what we ought to do?
And what I think we're gonna do?
We're gonna investigate them.
That's right.
That's right.
Find out how they can spend $100,000 to get a little old job at Paysons.

And then they can spend $22,500 a year.
See who they gonna get even with.
Okay, now who's this other caller?
Uh, who's... I don't know, does she have caraway sheets on him?
There's a caller back there on the line lurking.
Here's yet a third caller.
He's here.
Of course, it's me.
Caller Green.
Is that, uh, is that Reverend Angry Larry?
Yes, it is.
I was watching Pimp My Ride on MTV and all of a sudden it dawned on me, oh, I'm supposed to be on the radio.
Yeah, you are on the radio.
And there's another person on the radio now.
Wow.
Wow, you know, you could imagine like we were in some self-inflated dirigible,
crashing over many like quaint little towns, you know.
Now, Reverend Angry Larry is in the, uh, no, we're actually, we're in a satellite going backwards around the earth looking down.
But Reverend Angry Larry's in Detroit with the amino acids, right?
Yeah.
Now, what is your relation to that band?
Uh, well, essentially I just work for them.
Right.
You're like a gropey, roadie, gropey or whatnot.
I just make sure that things go well.
At least I try anyway.
Now, I understand you.
Oh, what a terrible job to have to have because, you know, if things don't go well, then you didn't do it.
I thought he was kind of like the...
Well, there's lots of things that I don't do well and that would be one of them sometimes.
Well, shit, there you got a whole job description in itself and I think it should be in the occupation code and it should be an entry level position.
Dave, we're not after midnight.
Oh.
Well, don't sound like Ted Nugent because you said that and I don't really care.
Yes, I, yes, I, you know, and people in Detroit might be able to, you know, say that, see, Ted owned his own radio station here while he bought a radio station here in Detroit.
Well, I mean, because he's from Michigan here.
So, I mean, he, uh, he took over this station and for probably about a month, that's all you heard.
He did the morning show and he didn't play much music.
But he used to sit in the studio and talk a lot and play his guitar.
Oh, that's terrible.
You know.
But your voice is, is very similar over, over the years.
Well, see, he's actually been, he's not really a Michigan original.
He's, he's from Kentucky, right?
Now, we've pointed out that Lonesome Cowboy Dave was imitated by Mel Gibson for that movie Conspiracy Theory in which Mel actually wears a, a wooly hat like Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Has the nervous on the ear.
Manner is, I'm sorry, you know, talking that, that Dave-ish, uh, uh, in slave-ish way.
Well, when he's, when it's that one Dave coming through.
That's that particular character.
How long, how long have you guys been on the air live now?
About ten minutes.
Yeah.
Really?
I mean.
It's only been a few minutes.
There's actually four on the, on the line now.
Especially this year.
And this is in the one voice, by the way.
This is Reverend Dave the lawyer.
How many Daves do we have on this line?
The Daves of our lives.
These are the Daves of our lives.
Somebody's gone.
Well, there went one of them.
Well, I'll see you, Don.
I'm still here.
Someone's gone.
I could, I, all of a sudden I heard the, uh.
The rhythm track.
How many Daves do we have now?
There's no rhythm track.
There's no Dave.
I'm, I'm Reverend Dave the lawyer.
Now, are you from Durban, South Africa?
No, no, no.
I'm, I'm from South Africa.
I'm from right here.
From the island of Christ itself.
You don't know where you're from.
Is that not tuned?
I'm lost.
He's broadcasting right from where he's sitting right now.
I'm lost.
I'm lost.
I'm trying to get, I'm trying to get some, um, um, questions asked and absolution here.
And, and, and I don't know what may be absolute.
Well, this isn't really the best thing.
This isn't the best religion in the world.

If you're looking for Sukor and so forth, you know, Bob helps those who helps themselves.
I called an ex tonight and I told her I loved her and she said, you know, like nice things,
but she didn't say she loved me.
So what do you think?
That was your ex?
Ex.
Move on, man.
There's more fish in the sea.
There's huge squid the size of elephants down there.
I bet it's going to be a weekly thing, a live show.
No, I don't think so.
We don't.
Look, here's the thing.
I don't want to be.
If the ratings go up, it may.
Look, the sweeps go all the way to the, um, to the, um, second step of the basement now.
That's great.
Well, you know, I did, uh, I've engineered the hour of slack out of Dallas for 10 years
or something as sitting at the board running thing.
I got really used to it and that was real fun.
And, and then, uh, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then,

uh, the extra jacked up headphones so you could hear through the hearing aid.
But you always had to be around on Sunday night.
That's the problem, you know?
But whereas I used to mail them to WCSB and I didn't have to be here for Sunday nights.
Right.
And plus, I didn't know how to work the phone, you know, plus chas would work the phone.
It's a lot of fun.
Maybe once a month, do it this way.
I can bring my ministry to the, uh, the church, my ministry of the church forward then.
Well, that's what...
You're still just a lawyer, right?
Yeah.
Well, you could bring the second coming of justice to the world.
Well, my dog is named Bob, and it's the second coming of Dobbs.
I swear to God it is.
Only somebody who had a dog named Bob would try and rejuvenate him.
Now, listen, speaking of Bob and lawyers,
has anybody seen that Enzyme sex pill commercial or 10 commercials?
I posted a picture of that guy on Praise Bob.
Oh, that was you that did that?
Yes.
Okay, so which one of you guys have the funny little light-bulb-backed-dead booties,
like the weird slippers that come up like Aladdin and stuff?
No, no, no.
What we're trying to talk about is make a million bucks suing some company
for using what's obviously our trademark figure.
They're using the Bob head.
Oh, yeah.
Yes, I know what you're talking about, the smiling-faced man.
Yeah, and he's called.
And he goes in, and he's, like, happy now.
Well, because he has a racing motor.
And he goes in the pool, and his pants come off in the pool,
and he comes out of the pool and waves and smiles.
Right, well, they call him Bob.
Oh, yeah.
Something is Bobbing.
Let's go after them, then.
How could I have let this go by?
I just thought, well, the world was just, like, crumbling,
and that was another part of it, you know what I mean?
This goes deeper.
I know you're at an hour's ending, but this goes deeper,
and this is important to the ministry.
If you get enough e-mails of enhancement,
and if you get enough e-mails of enhancement,
you don't have to take the drugs.
It works just with the e-mails.
I thought you were going to say something legal about this infringement.
And he's saying that if you get enough Viagra ads in your e-mail,
you'll actually get a raging erection.
Exactly.
Exactly.
That's more important than the legal stuff.
That was a subtle point, Drew.
Well, actually, this hour of slack is ending.
There is no more slack available,
although we do have some PSAs coming up.
Just coming to a dreary close.
And so, my friends,
if you need more information about the Church of the Subgenius,
you can certainly check subgenius.com
or write post office box 204-206.
Austin, Texas 78720.
We have here Lonesome Larry and Angry Cowboy Dave.
Incontinent werewolf Dean.
He's with me too, but he's sleeping right now.
And Princess Wee.
But now we have to say goodbye to all the callers.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
All right.
We can keep talking, though, after we say goodbye.
No, we can't.
It's going away now.
Okay.
Many, many.
Yeah, you can.
Okay, that was a fade out.
They're gone.
I'm out of here.
Praise Bob.
I'm out of here.
Improving end-of-life care.
A practical way to deal with serious illness.
That's the subject of a free online course called
Finding Our Way, Living with Dying in America.
The course, based on a national newspaper series of the same name,
can help people by providing practical information
on advanced illness and end-of-life issues.
The course can be started at any time of the year.
The online course is at www.scu.edu
slash F-O-W for Finding Our Way.
To find the newspaper series,
you can visit www.findingourway.net.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
It's our job to tell them.
