Um, my mind is not my mind.
My mind is not my mind.
My mind is not my mind.
The
So
Genius
Hour
Of
Slack
Hour
Of
Slack
Hour
Of
Slack
Slack
For
People
Slack
Slack
For
onions
ynı
工
cha
forgiving
Kim
P

Blue
Dual
Bo
La
Sp
K
A
Bra
рес
Bo
Dance
This
It's
Have you seen Bob Dobbs personally?
No, I never have, and I don't think I would.
Strange occurrences, omens, portends follow him around.
I was reading the account the other day of the attempt to assassinate Bob.
It apparently took seven to eight tries and was never ultimately successful, obviously.
We wouldn't be here today.
I don't see how you could assassinate someone who's got that kind of luck.
Well, that would be the thing.
You know, things, the car wouldn't start, car alarms go off,
always something, some little stupid accident to get in the way.
Nothing, nothing, let me stress this.
Bob's power has nothing to do with anything conscious,
just with how smart he is or what he's got.
Bob is the luckiest man ever.
Well, man, I use that term loosely.
Entity.
That's why he smiles.
Looks like a man, got him high, got teeth, eyes, everything.
He's got a few more dots than the average human, but, you know, whatever.
We're all pixelated in some way.
I think he appears that way to us because he's sort of got his feet in two different realities.
At least two different realities.
At least two, so, you know, he's coming through to us.
There's going to be a reception problem.
That's a problem on our end, our receivers.
Yeah, a little static in our...
perceptive capabilities of our minds there.
Can't quite let it in.
You know, who knows?
Bob could walk right by and you'd never even notice.
No, just all you'd hear is this little buzz.
Yeah, a little buzz, maybe a slight sucking sound.
You'd open your wallet and have less money, even though, you know, no one had taken anything out.
But you'd have something stupid.
What does he buy with our money?
It's a big shell game.
It's a big shell game.
Shell, shell.
What does he buy with our cash?
Well, more souls.
He finances the ministry.
Oh, oh.
When I...
When you.
Heh heh.
Sign over your house or your trust fund or your savings account or your stash or whatever you got.
That goes into the church coffers.
Bob doesn't need any of that.
He's lucky.
He's lucky.
I would be willing to wager that if Bob slept in the desert that, I don't know, some insects would crawl all over him to provide him shelter from the sun.
That'd be pretty...
He's that kind of guy.
He doesn't need money.
The things he needs fall into his lap.
Literally fall into his lap.
People, food, what have you.
It's all right there.
Trousers.
Trousers, yes.
Trousers.
The coin.
The coin.

The coin isn't an afterthought.
That goes to the church.
Uh, that's a thing for the physical world.
Triple your money back.
I mean, come or don't come, we don't care.
Squirt away.
Squirt.
Squirt, squirt, squirt.
Squirt or just squirt.
Or get off the pot.
You're lucky.
Because that will, uh, suppress your ability to do so.
To squirt?
Yes.
No.
This was all recorded months ago.
In case you're wondering, is that live?
How do they do that?
This was recorded months ago, possibly years ago.
Who knows when this will be played.
And then I shall come to you.

I shall offer my secret to the world with all its terrible power.
The nations of the world will bid for it, thousands, millions.
The nation that wins my secret can sweep the world with invisible armies.
Dirk, I want you to let my father help you.
You know how clever he is.
Your father?
Clever?
You think he can help me?
He's got the brain of a tapeworm, a maggot beside mine.
Don't you see what it means?
Power.
Power to rule.
Power.
Power to make the world grovel at my feet.
Dirk, listen to me.
Listen.
My father found a note in your room.
He knows something about Mount Achein even you don't know.
It alters you, changes you, makes you feel differently.
Power, I said.
Power to walk into the gold vaults of the nations.
Into the secrets of kings.
Into the holy of holies.
Power to make multitudes run, squealing in terror at the touch of my little invisible finger.
Even the moon's frightened of me.
Frightened to death.
The whole world's frightened to death.
Ah!
You sheep.
Wake up.
You sheep.
Wake up.
You sheep.
Wake up.
You sheep.
Wake up.
You sheep.
Wake up.
You sheep.
You are asleep.
Wake up.
You sheep.
Wake up.
You sheep.
Wake up.
Wake up, you sheep.
Why do you sleep?
Wake up, you sheep.
Wake Up, You Sheep, Part 1 by Regan Spolin.
Dear friends, more of that to come.
And before that, the invisible stang.
And an introduction by Lee Moore and me, your host.
This hour of slack number 954 is an hour of 7X day recordings.
Priceless historical moments from the subgenius end of the world preparations held recently.
Plus quite a bit of puzzling evidence radio material from KPFA.
In Berkeley.
As well as readings by the Lymphnode Institute folks at WREK Atlanta.
From the book of the subgenius.
Yes, friends, lots of doctrinal material interspersed with the...
Well, what's really going to be kind of a laid back show.
Like 7X day itself was.
Not very political of a show this particular time.
Just slack.
Just slack.
Random slack.
Like life at its best.
This music in the background, by the way, is Acid Corpse.
At 7X day, there'll be more of that.
But most importantly of all, friends, we have details coming up on the Tensor Compressor Shorts.
Get support where you need it the most with these Tensor Compressor Shorts.
So how long is X day these days?
X day is about five days.
A week of fun.
Now get that sound, man.
Non-stop.
Non-stop fun.
Are you talking about this sound?
The death march of fun.
Certainly that's the way Modemac felt.
He was unable to relax and enjoy.
But he was the first one to produce an X day report, which is available on the internet now.
I think I could probably pull up Modemac's report.
That would be interesting.
And then you could read from it.
But I'd have to get up out of my seat.
I'm too lazy to do that.
Well, there's a handle.
I'm not too lazy.
I'm just conserving energy.
Who you gonna call?
Bob Busters.
You know, I don't think anyone really is interested in an old, jizzly X day anyway.
We're firing back the little sub-deenies as they come up the hill.
Something strange in your neighborhood.
When you see the whites in their eyes.
Who you gonna call?
Bob Busters.
Bob Busters.
You saw, um...
You were playing something earlier this evening which was rather interesting.
Not only the X day.
Bob Busters.
Action-magic band, but also...
They're busting Bob right now.
They're busting his chops.
Oh, those are his chops.
Those are his chops hanging out like that.
Man.
Yeah.
Terrible, terrible.
Bob chops.
Look how big they are.
Whoa!
That's hideous.
People are grabbing for them.
People are hanging onto his chops now.
Throwing them in the fire.
They're gonna have...
Bob chops.
Will somebody answer that phone?
Can anybody get it?
Can anybody get it?
Can anybody get the license plate number?
People...
Oh well.
Well...
Oh well.
Well.

Well...
This is an excerpt from chapter 8 of the book of the subgenius, Your Subgenius Heritage.
This is the precursor to the interview with The Overman.
This is the pure doctrine on evolution.
Some geniuses came from a better world, and they're going to avoid it.











They descended from abominable snowmen and will evolve overnight, on some evening in late 1998 or later, into overmen and overwomen.
It is an unbroken line of continuous change as opposed to that of pigs who are an evolutionary dead end and have been spinning their wheels as mere humans for the last million years or so.
The goal of any subgenius, besides slack, is to somehow live until 1998 or later, when he or she will be changed into what might as well be a superhero, possessed of mental and bodily powers practically unknown to man today.
If you cleave to Bob, you will see magic come to pass in your life. However, only excess technology can complete a subgenius' transfiguration into overmanhood or over-womenliness.
And so far, Bob has been a superhuman.
Bob has allowed this to happen to only one solitary guinea pig, his friend, Dr. Philodrummond.
But someday, when the angelic host descends, we will all make this great leap into tomorrow.
It is important that we know what lies ahead.
Then, after we have been given doctorhood in Dobbs Town, after our initiation in the Exos rescue ships, what is this fabled overman?
Overmania is a changed physique.
Yes, it is.
The huge cranium, the permanent smile, the powers of flight and invisibility, the great power of command.
But it is far more than that.
Above all, it is a state of mind.
All subgenii, no matter their racial background, are kin.
We, as a world cult, are bonded together by mere threads, but they are threads of titanium steel forged in the minds of Jupiter, for the link of blood is the strongest.
We are Wotan's prime breeding stock, and no matter how different in shade our skin colors may be, we carry in our DNA a common code.
A tracking device, so to speak, implanted by our monster lord, years, so many millions of years ago.
Humans lacked this code and have tried to snuff it for millennia.
At their beginnings in antiquity, the humans, a wild nomadic, pre-subgenius race, reverted to civilization.
We are Wotan's prime breeding stock, and no matter how different in shade our skin colors may be, we carry in our DNA a common code. A tracking device, so to speak, implanted by our monster lord, for the link of blood is the strongest.
Our civilization accepts the conspiracy rule.
As crocheting an arch on the ground first, and then a
ray of old rearing the spoon, the human beings of Yukon Administration accept the conspiracy rule.
Every subgenie in the Jewish system paid ologjis on people Randus I Strahan, orように
especially Bob's.
Secular humanism,
the awful theory of evolution,
can now be challenged.
Understand, however,
that we are not descended from humans.
In fact, man is not really even descended from the ape.
Man, humans, and subs alike preceded the monkey.
It began shortly after the Elder Gods
forced the Exes to exterminate the dinosaurs.
At this time, the stark fists of all the gods
smote a tiny monkey-like mammal called Primo Anthropocus
and split his gene line into two.
One, a seriously flawed attempt called Australopithecus,
which, under Jehovah One's occasional smiting,
evolved into the modern human.
And another, the true Atlanteans homo directus,
of whom the first was the first Bob.
There are still full-blooded Atlanteans in the world,
now called Zugarians in their own tongue.
They inhabit the Lost Glass City of Chang'e,
on the ice plateau that time forgot
in the least accessible reaches of Tibet.
Bob's advisors on the Council of None dwell in this place.
Lymph Node Institute, from WREK in Atlanta,
reading from the Lymph Node Institute.
From the Book of the Subgenius,
and now Acid Corpse, live!
Dance of the Midget Dwarves.
This is Dance of the Midget Dwarves?
That's small.
Stumpy likes the Midget Dwarves.
The Midget Dwarves make Stumpy feel tall and big.
The made of happily,
all sc future Fit Amen,
what a beautiful show!
for a like a big like a goodす
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
mutta
pequeno
u y
guitar solo

guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
multiplicative
guitar solo
the guy who shot J.R. Bob Dobbs on that stage in San Francisco that black January night.
It's very, very painful for me too, Ivan.
Some people collect original paintings. They collect original tapes even from studio masters.
These are the original teeth of the artist.
And although I would be the first to say...
You could not get any closer to the actual artist than the lungs or the brain.
Puzzling evidence may not be the same.
And we hope to offer those soon.
But these are like a saint's relics in value.
Surely there's a lap dance to be offered up for these, but slightly bucked.
In fact, ship Mark Clark...
They're scary looking, in fact.
It's a pity that we don't have a close-up camera so you could see these incisors.
But we already have a $10 bid.
I think that recognizes that this is no Jim Crow.
This is a crack item from a 5 and 10 cent store.
These are off... These can be authenticated by shoving them into the skull of Doug Wellman himself.
Remember, when you own these, you'll own something that all your boyfriends will want and all your girlfriends will secretly admire.
$15!
All right.
$15. We have a $15 bid on the Wellman's two front incisors.
Friends, just the amount of HabaFrop Zipulops that has been sucked past these front teeth...
in the time that Wellman had them...
will last you the light weight for a year.
We had a $15 bid on these teeth, these tusks of puzzling evidence.
Elephant ivory goes for a lot of money, friends.
This is subgenius ivory.
These are the teeth of the gentleman known as... once known as the handsome subgenius.
Well, women seemed to think so.
Those were the days.
Otherwise called the brow.
Unibrow himself. We wished that we could offer the brow, the rug-like, shaggy brow.
Strikingly possessed of a single eyebrow running across his face like an orthographic symbol
and paralleling the enormous mustache, which was, until recently, a blind behind which lurked these very teeth.
$16 so far.
$16 is the bid.
No, $17.
No, $17. Yes, that's correct.
$20.
$20.
$20.
The same price of the cost of a...
$20.
See, that's not OK to membership, friends.
We heard the price just went down.
It still costs $10 more to be a member of the church of the subgenius.
That's right.
$20 going once.
$20 going twice.
Sold!
For $20 to teeth the front tusks of Saint Doug Wellman, the accursed killer of J.R. Bob Dove.
You might want to keep this item in a jewelry box and on permanent display in your home.
If not your mouth.
Well, that's something I didn't suggest.
but of course, given human nature, anything is possible.
I'm still just beginning to watch all the great stuff that people brought for the auction,
but which I typed and put in sky.
And actually, we had to go through all the stuff first.
So how did the band footage look on your videotape?
And notice that Dr. Drummond is mostly concerned about how he looked in the band footage.
Dr. Drummond, when you and your brothers and cousins would raise your legs
in that stork-like manner that's meant to indicate that the song needs to end now,
I thought that was just like a ballet.
We finally got taught.
Was that reach around good enough?
Yeah, man.
You guys were the greatest band that ever happened.
Can I stop complimenting you now?
You can stop now. I'm getting sick.
But your voice sounds great in that chipmunk tone.
Yeah, as he falls into the planet.
It's the gas you're breathing.
Yeah, yeah.
That's what I'm talking about.
That's what it is.
It sounds different down here.
Ow!
Some kind of weird thing happening.
Stand back, please.
Give me more oxygen, nurse.
And so the time is at hand for your humble servant to speak that which has been revealed
and which must come to pass.
Oddly enough, my first visitation occurred not while I was engaged in any spiritual pursuit,
but while absentmindedly.
I was constantly tinkering late one night with an experimental television receiver of my own design.
The hour was certainly after 1 a.m.
And, as I was temporarily living at the home of my beloved parents,
my divine seizure overtook me not twenty paces from where they lay asleep.
Yet, when questioned the next morning,
they could recall nothing of the thunderous voice or voices
that I know from my crude recordings must have reverberated throughout the little room.
I was thoroughly engrossed in my project,
and whatever thoughts I had were surely far from pious.
I was likely drunken to some extent,
for this was long before I freed myself from the joyous curse of the bottle.
I was bent over the picture tube of my ambitious home appliance,
about to attach it to a power cord for the first time,
when I realized that the screen was already glowing.
I stopped what I was doing,
and stared at it in befuddlement.
The screen hummed, and was suddenly bathed in light.
I swear I saw a brief, very overexposed image of a man clothed in flame,
with a bar of metal extending from his mouth,
before the tube went to total brightness.
I felt a sudden, swiftly building tension in the air,
a sort of vacuum between myself and the device before me.
Abruptly my head was filled with light,
my vision almost wholly obscured by a blinding light.
I was in a state of white-ness,
that seemed somehow to have instantaneously travelled from the tube to myself,
and was now bursting from a melting point at the exact centre of my brain.
There was no pain,
but the change of pressure inside my skull was such that I felt it must surely have hollowed itself out,
my brains and juices joining with the light,
and streaming out through now empty eye sockets in a dazzling wet beam.
My whole body felt simultaneously hot,
and freezing,
suffused with a ticklish numbness that made me want to climb out of it.
Blah blah blah.
My body and its pain were gone.
The white-ness and the noise returned,
and with them came an idiot calm.
For a moment I merely floated in the light and sound,
which were now merging to become one sensation.
Then a tension,
a weird instant of warning,
as if the very white-ness and noise were making ready to flee,
and I felt the mindless suspense of the moment,
what words are there for this?
Perhaps it was like riding in the socket of emptiness and suction
that follows racing behind a jet airplane,
at the precise instant before a sonic boom,
or maybe it was as if I were standing in the spot of trembling hesitancy,
exactly between two walls of storm air about to produce a thunderclap.
The inevitability of the next moment was a solid thing which could be touched,
and there was nothing else.
Silence, suspense, and then the voice boomed,
and I no longer existed.
There was only the voice, and my hearing of the voice.
The two were one.
It was not the voice of a man, or even a thing.
There were no sounds.
The voice was my hearing of the voice.
And I say there were no words.
There was only a great unbroken word,
and it was only my hearing of it that made it into words.
The words were these,
the pre-scriptures.
Behold, little pink earth brain within my void grip,
and receive Logos, and lay with the war.
I am Jehovah One, the God of wrath,
the one who to make man pull the triggers of his thousand opposable thumbs,
caused the apes of the ground to spill their seed on the dust.
I am the first and the last which is to come,
and which is, and which was.
I am in the brain pan of every human babe,
of left and of right,
the outer and the inside,
the particle, the totality.
For the gavel of the grid is mine own,
and I spat the silly formula of man upon the waters,
and fashioned his spirit after the image of mine own.
For Jehovah is a vengeful God,
and I urinate on the heads of men.
I am the Alpha. I cometh with the clouds.
I am the Alpha. I am the Alpha.
Lymphnode Institute reads the pre-scriptures, friends,
from the book of the subgenius.
Pretty scary stuff there, huh?
Well, so is this upcoming ancient American poem,
recited at 7X Day,
from memory by Dr. Howard.
Little orphan annies come to our house
to stay,
to wash the cups and saucers up
and brush the crumbs away,
and chew the chickens off the porch,
and dust the hearth, and sweep,
and make the fire, and bake the bread,
and earn more and keep.
But all us other chillin',
when the supper things is done,
we sits around the kitchen fire
and has the mostest fun
of listening to the witch tales
that Annie tells about,
of the goblins,
that gets ya if ya don't watch out.
Now once there was a little boy
who wouldn't say his prayers,
and when he went to bed at night,
away upstairs,
his mammy heard him holler,
and his daddy heard him bawl,
and when they turned the covers down,
he wasn't there at all.
And they searched him in the rafter room
and cubbyhole and press,
they searched him up the chimney flue,
and everywheres, I guess,
but all they ever found
was just his pants and roundabout,
and the goblins will get ya
if ya don't watch out.
And once there was a little girl
who used to laugh and grin,
and make fun of everybody,
and all her blood and kin,
and once when there was company,
and old folks was there,
she mocked him and she shot him,
and she said she didn't care,
and then just as she turned her heels,
and turned to run and hide,
there was two great big black things
a-standin' at her side,
and they snatched her through the ceiling,
for she knew what she's about,
and the goblins will get ya
if ya don't watch out.
And little orphan Annie says
that when the blaze is blue,
and the light flickers,
and the wind goes
whooooooo,
you better mind your parents
and your teachers,
fond and dear,
and cherish them what loves ya,
and dry the orphans' tear,
and help the poor and needy ones
what Cluster's all about,
or the goblins will get ya
if ya don't watch out.
That's James Quinton Rodgers.
This is Bob.
Bob is looking cool.
And with natural male enhancement,
Bob is livin' large.
In a few short weeks,
Bob has a big new spring of confidence.
A generous swelling of pride.
You ever saw that, uh,
Enzite commercial?
Notice how the, uh,
the Enzite commercial bases it around Bob?
Oh yeah, in fact, there's an entire, uh,
video that's been,
take those Enzite commercials.
It's available on the internet use net group
known as alt.montermovie,
alt.binaries.monter-movies.
And that's the internet use net group
where a lot of subgenius movies get posted.
And, uh, that one is out there right now.
Even as we speak.
It's there.
If you could go there,
you could see it and watch it.
And you'd be happy.
But just make sure,
Yeah, it's like this.
Wee.
Just make sure you take your little oboe
and your flute.
Is this supposed to be your little flute?
Is this supposed to be your little oboe?
That's what they tell me it was.
And so the subgenius danced and danced
around in a circle.
Holding their oboes above their heads
like so much flotsam and jetsam.
But in the wild ecstasies of the dance
they all lost themselves
and whirling around the floor
separated from time and space.
I wonder if those genuinely

of losing myself
for a took?
Can't be take a me they're uglier


That's too pink! That's too fucking pink, man!
Reverend Stank says that song's too pink.
That's stupid!
It's stupid and it's pink.
This is Bob. Looks like Bob is really in a role.
Bob has a lane full of an uplifting measure of pride.
And now everyone can see, Bob is gay.
Speaking of coincidences, what are we going to do about those Bob Insight commercials?
They're really funny, they're really good, but some pink boy is getting paid for...
Bob! What should be Bob's!
And certainly if Philo and I can manage to get some recompense for what that pink boy...
Why, that's our trademark.
As J.R. Bob Dobbs says...
In the movie Valor for Pay in 1958...
I dare you to challenge my taunt!
I gotta do it, it's my thing, you know? People just gotta do what they gotta do.
Just as we hate almost anyone named Bob who isn't named J.R. Bob Dobbs...
And has many commercials made after him.
Now what are we gonna do about that?
So are you coming out for the film festival?
No, I'm gonna come out there for the lawsuit!
God damn it, I hate the future!
That and the future all day long!
That's really where we're going, man.
They blew it all up!
The future was a great place, wasn't it?
Yeah, it wasn't until we got there.
It was a great place.
We're doing a show right now.
But you know, since the future happened so long ago...
We are thinking back in time and think fondly of it.
Because we only remember the good times we had in the future, not the bad times.
Wow, who's your therapist?
What pills did you get?
The selective memory pills.
They came in my mammoth encyclopedia of masonry.
Wow, a mammoth? I didn't know that.
The memory editing pills that make us remember, which make us forget, actually.
They make us remember to forget.
Memory alert.
But the rest of us remembered.
You are now forgetting what really happened on X-Day.
I wish.
Oh, God.
I'm here to show I tried to forget it.
On X-Day, we were interested in the secret which we were not supposed to reveal.
Please, blank out X-Day.
Church of the Subgenius is about change and spare change.
And no one I know has changed over the course of their membership in the church as Pope S. Lilith, my daughter.
Don't stay out too late.
Not me.
Friends, can I get a praise bob out of you?
Praise bob!
Can I get a hail Connie out of you?
Hail Connie!
Can I get a salute out of you?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
But, friends, honestly, it warms the cockles of my heart when I think about the fact that tomorrow is our great nation's day of independence, you could say.
Yeah.
This great nation, this great planet-balling nation.
Which was forged in the sweltering, sweaty forge of rational thought.
You see, about 250 years ago, there was a whole generation of statesmen and philosophers, Rousseau, Voltaire, Franklin, Jefferson, Smith.
People who all preached that the path to utopia is lined with schools, museums, and the rotting, decrepit churches.
And maybe their experiments succeeded well beyond all expectations.
It's hard to see it now, but 250 years ago, things were rather nasty.
There's something to be said for air conditioning, microwaves, and the lazy boy.
Miracles of rationality's bastard child, science!
But science also brings terrors.
Terrifying new ways to control, placate, and destroy.
You don't have to watch TV to know what I'm talking about.
The television is what I'm talking about!
And what about rationality's promise to destroy religious superstition?
Well, needless to say, I really shouldn't have to remind you of one billion Christians!
One billion Muslims!
Who knows how many Buddhists out there, hundreds of millions of Hindus, enough Jews to fill up a dozen Zions, and tons of other sects which continue to this day.
And they all breed.
Why this abject failure of rational thought?
Well, ultimately, it boils down to a failure to understand human nature.
People.
People prefer the lies.
People saw a world increasingly stripped of wonder and mystery, and chose instead to chase the shadow of God's ass, praying for the slightest of dingleberries.
Friends, in order to fight bullshit, it's going to take bullshit.
And friends, I'm here to tell you tonight that that man Bob sells the best BS for your buck!
I don't mean any old stale, dry shit either.
I'm talking about the good shit.
Nay, I'm talking about the holy shit!
Nay, I'm talking about the pure shit that comes forth from the very mouth of that man, J.R. Bob Topps!
Friends, if you've got to buy a pack of lies, you may as well get it by the crate.
And you just might find in that crate the true lies.
The lies that are truer than the truth itself!
Friends, buy bulk.
Buy Bob.







much
Dan?
Something about Bob Topps?
Depends.
I'll fight it out with you and you'll be all RICH again.
I were all too keen on someค
Just a moment.
He's just brainwashing at his best.
Now, tell us about the parade after the post-parade activities.
Do you remember those?
No, I was just in the cornfield there.
You were in the, oh, you were the scarecrow in the cornfield.
Well, I don't get paid for that, but.
No, it's a very, yeah, you get to watch.
I was out there in the cornfield, and it was pretty magnificent, Space Woman.
Yeah, it was actually very.
You mean like a little raven man?
Very.
Like a raven, yeah.
He said it was very magnificent, like a raven man.
A little tiny raven man.
Yeah, it was a novel experience.
A novel, unique, wonderful experience that few people get the chance to look at
from the vantage point of a scarecrow in a cornfield next to it.
Well, I'm not sure that would suit everybody.
Okay, this.
Now we're coming to the dangerous part of the show.
This is when we pass out the sharp objects, and everybody acts like they're going to poke them in their eye,
but they really don't.
We're going to run with scissors.
If anybody has any brothers, we've got some BB guns so you can put his eye out.
Really dangerous stuff this part of the evening.
We're going to juggle with broken shards of glass.
With our teeth.
Uh oh, it's dangerous music time.
Danger music.
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
Oh, whatcha gonna do?
Oh, whatcha gonna do?
Yeah.
Whatcha gonna do?
Yeah.
Whatcha gonna do?
That coffee's flammable.
Did they call back with puzzling evidence as teeth, ready to return them?
No, but Princess Wee was saying that now that we've broken the ice by bringing both Dr. Howell and Dr. Truman out here,
the next real challenge would be to get puzzling evidence out there.
Yeah, you'd have to pay him money.
But the important thing would be that we would keep all three of you guys away from KPFA.
At the crucial moment of that day.
Possibly thus saving all of Northern California.
That's true, we could save them for once.
For their own good, for the children, Dr. Truman, for the children.
It's everything we do is for the children.
You think of the children.
Yeah, I know, Dr. Truman always thinks of the children in his sarcasm.
The depths of his sarcasm.
Well, my sarcasm is also my truth.
What?
Some people think that sarcasm is a way of lying.
All you're saying is that your sensibility is your dogmatism.
That's correct, and they fit right here under my billy-bob teeth.
Oh, there we go.
Wow, those are billy-bob teeth.
Oh, I'm a journalist.
Oh, sorry, I didn't mean to...
They have a striking effect on the ladies.
Okay, I'm sorry, sorry.
No, don't, you shouldn't do that.
I think it's okay, though.
The show's getting all foggy.
It's not going out on the air.
She moves like a demonic possessed hand.
This is some incendiary material.
Dead air, Bear.
Really hot stuff.
Dead.
Well, it sounds like puzzling evidence was ruptured.
Perhaps he was.
Because while we waited for the saucers to come to us,
they paid a private visit to...
Puzzling evidence.
He is kind of limping around a little bit.
Well, without his front teeth that we sold at the show.
Yeah, what happened to my teeth?
Well, I've about decided that this whole idea of staying awake
or being awake at all at 7 o'clock on July 5th morning
is proof that we haven't learned the slack that we need to learn.
Come on, build a stage.
It would have been easier for me if I hadn't been up all night doing it before.
Maybe we should...
Maybe we should...
Improve our space by staying in bed.
You sheep, wake up.

Wake up, you sheep.
Wake up, you sheep.
Wake up.
Wake up, you sheep.
Wake up, you sheep.
Wake up, you sheep.
Wake up.
Wake up.
Wake up!
Wake up, you sheep!
You are?
Why do you sleep?
Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up
Wake up, you sheep.
Youth and craft89 술
Wake up, you sheep.
Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up.
Wake up, you sheep.
You are asleep.
estsleep.
Why do you sleep?
Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up.
Stop!
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Reagan's Polyp there.
You can get more about Reagan's Polyp from Trashfish.com.
www.trashfish.com.
We've been listening to tons of the Puzzling Evidence Show
with Dr. Howell and Dr. Philodrum and Puzzling Evidence himself
and his new team from KPFA in Berkeley.
Music in the background by the Acid Corpse,
which is actually the amino acids mixed with the swinging love corpses.
And friends, you're listening to Hour of Slack,
the voice of the Church of the Subgenius.
Hour, we just moved.
Rather, the Austin Business Headquarters had to suddenly move to Georgia,
Columbus, Georgia, of all places.
And that makes, until we get our feet on the ground again,
that makes my Cleveland Heights, Ohio,
Megafist Temple Lodge, the current and new subgenius address to use.
And here it is.
Friends, if you want to send tapes to the show.
And that would be Post Office Box 181417,
Cleveland Heights, Ohio, 44118.
And you can fax us, friends, at this phone number,
216-3228.
216-3228.
I'm stang at subgenius.com.
Praise the...
Hey, Dr. Drummond, it sounds like you got that demonic-possessed hand that I mailed you.
I do have it.
I'm surprised that came so quickly.
Yeah, it's a special effects masterpiece.
Well, you know,
the special effects of the future turned out to be a lot better than the future itself, didn't they?
Ah, yes.
The flying cars look great in the movies about the future,
and the robots work perfectly in the movies about the future,
about the year 2004.
But the demonic-possessed hands are a little bit...

Yeah, now, those really came out.
They weren't just in the movies.
That was one thing I thought would have remained in the movies.
Ah, cheap.
Ah, sound and motion.
Excavated, under the bed, panic-inducing.
It's just designed for children.
Where do they get so many disembodied hands?
I don't know.
I just don't see that many handless people walking around
to account for all the hands that I see crawling around in stores.
Well, they're dead people from the past.
His only physical manifestation is their leftover hand.
Oh!
So they've been long dead.
Long, long dead.
Some of them longer than others, but it's shockingly realistic.
They're all plastic, molded vinyl now.
So those shockingly realistic hands are crawling around
with a vengeful hate of their own
that's independent of any wrongs done to the body they want to accept.
Right, their maleficent presence
is completely disconnected from their former self.
The disembodied hands have a blanket hate for all things.
There's a tenuous connection.
When you put them under the bed, that's true.
But when they're stored on top of the closet shelf,
then their love rains down on all.
The important question is, will they scare Grandma?
I'm afraid they will.
And they are horrifyingly realistic.
Yeah.
Wow.
Horrifyingly realistic and panic-inducing.
We should carry those in our catalog with all the other horrifyingly realistic men.
Oh, wait, no, no, no.
They're not horrifyingly realistic.
They're shockingly realistic.
Oh, oh, oh, Sam.
Time for the fun!
Look at the victory.
See the sky.
It's horrible.
It's amazing.
And this is The Amino Acids.
Live at 6.
On this screen may be projected
the total scientific knowledge of the crowd
from its primitive beginning to the day of its annihilation.
Thank you.
Thank you.

My mind is not my mind.
My mind is not my mind.
My mind is not my mind.
