Uh, uh, yes, yes, I'm on a tear, dear friends.
We're on a real tear tonight.
Uh, we're on Hour of Slack show number 503.
The 500th and third show that I've put together just today.
Would you just relax?
Don't tell me to relax!
I hate it when you do that!
I'd rather you tell me to shut up!
Shut up!
You shut up!
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry Hour of Slack.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
The subgenius Hour of Slack that you are about to listen to
is specially designed only to be played on radio station...
This one.
And only in the city of...
This area.
If I am not...
If I am not pleased by tonight's entertainment,
I shall banish their souls to everlasting damnation.
Damnation.
And madness.
And madness.
And madness.
And madness.
And madness.
This is a program about knives.
How to sharpen them, set them, adjust them, replace them, align them, maintain them, analyze them.
Sharpen them, set them, adjust them, replace them, align them, maintain them, analyze them.
And...

And...
In short, everything you ever would want to know
about keeping the knives in John Deere Forage Harvesters in cutting trim.
I can recall his headless body was found dangling from a chandelier.
So, mistakes will happen.
Won't they?
Now, if you will forgive me.
Now, if you will forgive me.
Hahahahahahahaha!
Not mob.
Program complete.
Enter when ready.
I don't think wine will do it.
I don't think acid would do it.
Some other time, maybe.
My mind is expanded as far as it can go.
Any more and it'll pop, you know what I mean?
How are you feeling now?
Now put that gun in your mouth, soldier.
There is nothing like being at the heart of it all.
The dead center.
The pulsating vortex.
The gravity spot.
Where the very air seems with the electric current of split-second decision-making.
And it is there that you will find the unparalleled intensity of comrades-in-arms on the front lines before the masses.
Where are they?
Who are they?
Uh, yes, I can tell you who they are.
And they are the subgenius preachers.
Uh, though I can't tell you what.
I don't know what any of them are.
Uh, but I can tell you the name of the one coming up.
I'm gonna play a long stretch here of the great, late Dr. Katahdin Legume.
Uh, appearing, uh, his second to the final appearance at, uh, the, uh, Atlanta Dragon Con.
Uh, D. Vival, subgenius D. Vival.
And I think this should explain pretty much everything you need to know.
I'm told that cynicism's a lie.
I'm told that cynicism's a lie.

I'm told that cynicism's a lie.
I've been on the rampage in this country.
And I can't blame anybody for being cynical.
I mean, hell, when you're a little child, they tell you about Santa Claus.
If you're good, he's gonna bring you presents.
But they lied.
Oh, and they tell you about the Easter Bunny, the boogeyman.
They lied.
Oh, yes.
They told you masturbation would make you go blind.
And I got 20-20 vision.
They told you that the water was safe to drink.
They lied.
Hallelujah!
Can I get an amen, brothers and sisters?
Can I get an amen?
Can I get an amen?
Can I get up?
Hallelujah!
Hallelujah!
And can I get my wireless mic wired up?
Can you all still hear me out there?
Can you all still hear me out there?
Hallelujah!
Thank you, thank you, brothers and sisters.
I'm here to tell you about the promise of Bob, the promise of Slack, and the promise of Salvation!
Oh, yes, the promise of Salvation.
For any of you who are members of our mighty church, for any of you who are members of our
mighty church, there is salvation.
There is salvation.


Oh yes, oh yes, there will be salvation and it shall come from the sky in silvery discs
on 7th of July, 1998.
Oh yes, that is when the UFOs from Planet X are coming down to rapture away the subgeniuses.
Oh yes, to go on the pleasure craft of the sex goddesses.
Oh yes, these exist aliens are like anything you have seen.
They're not like anything you saw on Star Trek.
They're not like anything you saw on Star Wars.
Oh yes, these are the exists, the multi-tentacled, multi-tasticled, the multi-whatever-you-need
brothers and sisters.
They have it in abundance.
Oh yes, oh yes, brothers and sisters, and too much is always better than not enough.
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Since the plague, I know that, so dear brothers and sisters,
subtle Forget-All is too active
likeiu ras this daele
Music,ege on r confirming
Music,ege on r confirming
Love, ELO, серьез l level of every song 4
You hear it as if it were from the back of the room.
But I'm going to try, friends.
I'm going to try to edit the best of Dr. Legume from its most audible sections.
Thank you.
And this ain't one of them.
You have more orgasms.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
But a lot of you out there don't have a subgenius membership card.
A lot of you don't have a subgenius membership card.
A lot of you won't be saved.
Oh, yes.
But Bob gave me the lowdown on you, big boy.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Bob gave me the lowdown on you all.
Yes.
I'm going to walk you across hell.
I'm going to walk you across hell on a spider web.
Your problem is you don't know about Bob.
But I'm going to teach you, brothers and sisters.
After 1998, I'll teach you with a loose rope and a long trough.
Good people are going to be coming from other planets just to see your poor sinning spirits meet the devil.
And I may need to please them.
Oh, yes.
I'm going to make sure you do a proper prayer.
The Lord's Prayer.
The Lord's Prayer.
The more you do that final dance.
That final dance.
That final horizontal dance on the ground.
As you're thrashing and kicking and screaming in agony.
And going, oh, God.
Oh, Jesus.
Oh, Jesus.
How come you didn't say anything about Bob in your Bible?
And that's because it's full of...
Yes, and you know, we also have to...
We have the problem with Dr. Legume's rants of having to censor them considerably in order to make them airworthy.
Bob gave me a vision.
Bob has given me a vision.
Yes, and part of it has to be a vision.
A vision of the post-apocalyptic earth.
Where the entire surface is coated with through the glass.
And everyone will weigh 300 pounds.
And it'll always be 120 degrees.
Oh, yes.
And every day at four o'clock.
It'll rain alcohol, and it'll suddenly deal wounds from the broken glass.
And you'll have no clothes to protect you, only a pair of boots.
And there'll be no food.
You'll be forced to eat each other.
Whoa.
And you'll never die.
You'll never die.
And Jesus won't ever save you.
You'll just have to cry out, cry out,
Jesus, Jesus, why didn't you save me?
That's because Jesus lies.
Jesus lies, just like your parents lied to you.
Just like how your parents lied.
But that won't do you a lick of good, once you're on the thing of the broken glass.
Oh yes, because even if someone eats you, you will still be alive.
That little chump of you.
You will be alive all the way through the digestion.
All the way through the digestive system.
And all you'll do is feel pain.
And all of your parts will be in communication with each other.
All of your parts, the sum of all of the little pieces that you feel in pain, will still come together into one glorious lifetime.
One glorious eternal lifetime of pain.
So if you wish to avoid this, then you'd better find out about Bob.
You had better find Bob tonight, brothers and sisters.
Oh yes.
The clock.
The clock is ticking, brothers and sisters.
Night.
Oh yes, dear friends.
And at that point, Dr. LeHume took the subject.
The sacred sledgehammer.
And smashed that clock.
That great big hefty alarm clock on stage.
To demonstrate how one may free oneself.
But, you know, the problem is.
Eh, we.
The problem is.
With actually, those recording scrims came from my little tiny personal tape deck that was sitting up on stage.
There was a four track recording machine at the back.
But you know, these kids, they think that if they've got a high tech machine, it's going to do everything for them.
And they forget that no matter how good the recording machine is, and how good the microphone is, if it's sitting at the back of the room, and they're standing in front of it, gossiping about their friends.
It.
What you're going to hear is a perfect recording of them gossiping about their friends.
And a terrible murky subgenius rant in the background.
The problem is, dear friends, that the world just ain't perfect.
Well, actually, that's not the problem.
Under Bob, the world would be completely imperfect.
But it would be so completely imperfect that it would be as if in a perfect way.
Don't you see?
So, uh.
Well, it's very important to understand.

And it's very important to us now to preserve every moment of Dr. Legume that we can.
And I believe that I do have a much better recording from the subsequent Cleveland revival.
However, for tonight, let's stay in Atlanta, shall we?
Thank you, Jimmy Ryan there in the background with that music.
Let's run a little bit of radio from our big guest appearance all together.
On Sister Susie the floozy's noble show there in Atlanta on WREK.
Bob's Slack Time Fun House.
Yeah.
Now shut up. Play the music.
But here's the problem, friends.
Now he won't shut up.
Out of this bunch of subgenius preachers, there's only two real professionals.
That's me and Jayner.
We can still, well, and Father Joe Mama still has his voice.
I'm back to Papa Joe now.
But you'll notice it.
Sister Susie the floozy has not really been heard yet.
And that's because she can't speak because she blew her lungs out and out inside out.
Literally inside out.
Even the record players.
In the first five minutes of her rant.
And Dr. Legume blew his inside out just for fun before we even started.
Before the show even started.
Reverend microphone can still talk a little bit.
Reverend microphone is here and still croaking.
Isn't it wonderful to have it where the woman can't talk?
I mean, it's kind of a change of pace.
We just stuck a bat in her mouth.
It's just like, you know, reproducing with her tongue.
I stuck this bat.
This is one of the unusual instances in which it is actually reverse discrimination.
It's the bat that's being violated.
Oh, you're just jealous.
About an hour ago, Sister Susie the floozy and I were in one bed.
Father Joe Mama was in the other bed over the hotel room.
By myself.
A sci-fi convention.
Entertaining myself.
He was bitterly entertaining himself because he'd been disappointed.
However, Susie and I were making him watch and he really didn't want to.
Yes, the women had been replaced with nothing other than comic books.
Such was my despair.
You don't know pain until you've had to make love with those acid pages.
It's true.
Poor Father Joe Mama had been stood up and had to sit there like all the other young lonely men
in the comic book community.
Well and of course, all of a sudden, he got to this convention, giving himself succor and love.
Self-love.
While watching and listening to Susie and I perform acrobatic comedy acts in the next bed.
I always suspected they never loved me.
It was only when I made love to myself did I realize it was all true.
Such is my despair.
Father Joe Mama had to marry himself.
During the short duration marriage ceremony.
but really isn't it the most dependable sort of sexual partner?
It's the only way I can have sex with someone I truly love.
How can you ever get married when you're in love with yourself and you even want a divorce?
I mean, it is a bitter pill to swallow.
My wife said for our honeymoon she wanted to go someplace she'd never been before.
I said, why don't you try the kitchen? I don't know.
So why don't we just start off with maybe going someplace I've never been before?
She didn't like that idea.
Kill every person that you meet.
No, actually, I'm just joking.
How are you doing these days, Jayner?
I've been up for five days.
We had to drag Jayner to this show.
We had to get him to get a taxi cab to deliver him because the limo, the limo was not sufficient to his tastes.
The limo driver would obey his every whim.
He wanted a driver that would be cocky to him and tell him how the country should be run.
What was the matter with the government?
That's why he went with the Atlanta Taxi Company.
How are you doing, Jayner?
I'm about two unpaid bills from another Oklahoma City bombing.
Yes, John Doe number two, Jayner Hyperclise.
Jayner Doe number two finally has been unearthed.
Why did you do it, son? Can you give us the details?
Name? Jayner Hyperclise.
Rank? Saint.
Serial number? 666.
What was your motive, Bob?
What was your target, Bob?
Number five.
I was about two flat tires away from pulling some kind of Jonestown, man.
What's that new concept, pulling a Jonestown?
Well, that's what we were trying to do last night, but for some reason some people just wouldn't take it seriously, I suppose.
I told you that's what happens when you keep the house lights up. They can see what you put in the Kool-Aid.
If I have to work one extra shift this week, I might just have to pull some kind of Jonestown or something, you know?
The only way he's able to come to this devival is the fact that when he clocked in on Friday, he hasn't clocked out yet.
He doesn't even plan on...
...putting that stuff into the machine again until Sunday night when he gets back home.
I hope they don't tune the radio in. They'd still think I'm down there.
Time and a half on WREK.
Ah, here we are at the door.
That's the thing about being a subgenius superstar.
Happy haunting.
You know, because it's hard. It's hard being a writer.
Well, now that I've got my subgenius membership card, I'll just walk right into this haunted house.
Wait, no, no, no, no, it's...
It's a dragon.
Dragoncon convention!
I had no idea Americans could be this unhealthy.
They are either all extremely ugly or beautiful, but made themselves up to look ugly.
And I love them all. All the better both ways.
I don't know which is worse, naturally ugly or unnaturally ugly.
I kind of prefer them...
But they are all truly ugly.
Dragoncon is the ultimate freakout, man.
Geniuses, subgeniuses, geniuses.
I'll bring the girls if you make them look like they're not geniuses, subgeniuses, geniuses.
Now, come on, you gotta admit we had a pretty...
I mean, we're subgeniuses, but girls should act dumb if they really want to be sexy.
That really turns me on.
Nothing is as sexy as a stupid woman.
She's lost her voice. She's got a face bat stuck into her mouth.
I mean, a face bat.
When I'm thinking love, the last thing I want to think about is thinking.
I just...
You inspire me so, Susie.
Ever since you quit talking, I've been so attracted to you.
It turns me on so...
I'm on the edge of total arrival and she says to me some really deep thought that makes me break my concentration.
I don't want to think when I make love. I just want to make love.
It turns me on so much when you act dumb.
Would you mind if I just drilled your frontal lobe out with this power drill?
It's like the 60s bumper sticker.
Oh, baby, you're just turning me on. You're turning me on so much.
I said, do you like that?
Will it hurt?
Only for a second, just like what we did the other night, remember?
No.
For the benefit of the viewers at home, allow us to illustrate what some of the subgeni here are wearing in the station.
Sister Susie the floozy has a giant bat on her breast.
Ivan Seytang has the anti-barb with his green glowing eyes.
Staring into the meters.
Jaina Hypertheclesian has a...at least a hundred skulls spelling out the words, have a nice day on his chest.
Or kill me.
Or kill him, which we will commit.
Microphone has bob with serpents leaping out of his ears.
And the most revered legume, Doctor Creature...Preacher of the Black Legume is standing there with dreaded subgeni testicle t-shirts.
Jesse Jackson, the Preacher from the Black Legume.
And yours truly, of course, has a snake suffocating him.
But it is a very comfortable snake.
Uh, that no unclean servant shall harm them, for so great shall be their strength and their faith.
Shalacondalanebosoya.
Friends, you should have seen this snake.
Well, you should have seen them last night, friends. They really were handling the snake.
They were handling snakes. A multitude of snakes, poisonous serpents.
They were taking in tongues.
And rubber snakes. And dangling them out of their pants.
You know that we are sinners when even the rubber snakes kill us.
And we're all going straight to hell, because we're gonna launch the liver of Mickey Mantle.
It's true, dear friends. The liver, the liver of Mickey Mantle was launched in a blasphemous parody of the sacred, holy, and so beautiful, of bleeding head of...
My God!
...the dreaded anal and vaginal snakes.
It's the kind of thing that just nauseates you.
It's the kind of thing that just nauseates you.
You know, someone just gets up and launches a liver.
But it's a good liver, though.
It doesn't make any sense.
Cute liver. Susie has tucked it deep into her crevasses.
We recognize it as the Mantle liver.
The stoop-walking dry liver.
It really looks dumb.
The old liver. The swollen liver of Mickey Mantle, the great American baseball player.
The slugger.
Put the microphone up, too, so everybody can see this.
Don't let that baseball liver get next to that bat.
It's great.
May...
...lose its balls.
You can't just launch something like that.
You can't just launch a kind of Trevino head.
That doesn't make any sense.
It does.

...a sneed liver.
You can't...
This is...
Are you trying to insult me?
No.
Are you trying to insult my religion?
What if it's an Arnold Palmer liver?
I mean...
There could be Palmer worshippers present.
You want to really embarrass people?
I mean, that could be...
You know, I'm all for the school prayer thing, because that means that the subgenius children
will be able to go to school and launch little Mantle livers and Palmer heads.
All those Wiccan children can go to school topless and run around smoking pot as part
of their religion.
Well, I just...
You know, I mean, what kind of country is this that you can't even put a Trevino head
or a Palmer head up in a town square?
I mean, you know, what is this, some sort of repressive society?
Well, you can if you have a permit.
I mean, at Christmas time?
Well, that's if you...
I have a permit to carry a concealed Palmer head, but, you know, I feel that I should
be able to show and flaunt my religion instead of having to hide it underneath my vest.
Well, maybe there should be like a separation of church and stupidity in the Constitution.
Well, the Trevinos are trying to say, well, you know, you're a Christian.

You know the word, I don't believe that.


I mean, you know, they say there is no bleeding head of Arnold Palmer, and that's just what
makes me mad.
Well, sure.
I mean, I don't want a head that's been launched too many times...
Oh, they say...
I mean, it's all, you know, launched out.
You know, there's head sluts, you know, launch sluts, people that just launch heads just
on and on.
You know, maybe not a virgin head for, you know, for your wedding night, but a head that
hadn't been launched more than, you know, maybe at the senior prom or something like
that, you know.
You mean marital head launching.
And then they come and they say...
on 2020 you can take your your bleeding head and you can you can launch it at home but you can't
even launch it on your own private property in public now does that make sense to you yeah why
can't i just go outside and just just launch a palmer head they can they can show pictures
i think we know who's going to happen just don't call the a btf about it or the atf i think we
know who's going to have the last lesson don't we oh yeah i have a little bit of an indication
there's kind of a hint as to who might have the last lesson you know what i'm saying i mean it's
possible it could be jr bob dobbs oh i think there's the possibility that the person who you
know what i'm trying to say teaches the last lesson just you know i might have an inkling
who that might be today's factoid reverend ivan stang and reverend papa joe mama were both in
dallas at the time of the waco storming coincidence i think not
why don't we just have susie come up on the microphone and just say something in her
cracking please don't be grotesque oh her voice i thought you said her so sexy when she can't say a
word oh it's like that that give me a beer particular betty page creature on tales of the
crypt at this stage various uh haunted fears to be seen but not heard that long black hair
the missus
venice veronica bitch whatever her neighbors no this was another critter
susie here
i'm losing it i'm sorry vaginitis that's disgusting
it's a virgin vaginitis though right from susie yeah now say the secret word in the
we want to hear your hideous croak more it's kind of sexy
i don't know what you mean you're going to say that because you're talking about something
that's that's a little too much you're going to be like one of those old mattress back hookers
who's been smoking camels four packs of camels a day for 40 years you make it sound so good
what you need is honey or some other similar consistency fluid to go against the back of
your throat to come and smooth it yes uh similar you see it was the bat i was so happy it felt
so good in the fashion i pulled the bat out of my throat where the barbs were retracted
yes susie i was so happy to see you in the fashion i pulled the bat out of my throat
The Reefs.
The Reefs.
The living example of the folly.
Well, dear friends, you know, and at that point,
this show starts to crumble into little bitty pieces,
which I won't inflict on you now.
We might come back to it later.
In fact, I know we will.
But, you know, I was going to cut to Suzy the Floozy's rant from Atlanta,
which was her best ever.
And, once again, the sound, when I got right down to it,
I realized that the sound quality of those recordings just would not carry over the air.
They just didn't work.
It's these kids, man.
They think they know everything.
They get the big machine, and then they just forget to plug in the one crucial plug.
And, well, that's it.
That's it.
Perhaps now it's time to drive across the country like we did over to Cleveland
and attend to the Cleveland revival, where things were recorded much better.
Although, you know, the problem is you have to get one line off the mic,
directly out of the mixer,
and one just a live mic from anywhere in the back of the room
just to get some audience presence.
Why these kids just can't understand?
You try to tell them.
You go in there, and you try, and you try, and you say,
well, can't you just do this and do that?
And they go, oh, no, we don't need to because we have such good equipment.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Well, talk to me if I sound a little bit bitter sometimes about this sort of thing.
Oh!
Come on!
Sex!
Money!
Bob!
Come on!
Sex!
Money!
Bob!
Sex!
Money!
Bob!
Sex!
It's medication time.
Time for some pills.
Time.
Got your pills?
Oh, is it time for the pills?
Medication time.
We're going to give you some pills.
What would you all like?
Hey, listen.
What's in Bob's head?
We've got them this time.
If you're not too shy.
Oh, there we go.
Friends, these are pure Bob's head.
Take a good look.
Dare you indulge in the commute?
Have you had your medication?
Because now I want mine.
Because it's medication time.
The Church of the Subgenius is not responsible for their behavior.
It's medication time.
We are not responsible for any possible brain damage.
It's just part of the satire.
You know?
Are those 75 people in the...
Illinois home for the mentally ill?
That's just part of the joke.
Medication time!
It's medication time.
The schizophrenia?
That's just part of the takeoff on religion, folks.
It's a perfectly legitimate part of an artistic statement.
Medication time.

This is the best pill.
Have a pill.
That was your dosage number one, friends.
It's quarter of nine.
That was dosage number one.
It's medication.
We'll have dosage number two coming up fairly shortly.
You'll need dosage number two to counter effect dosage number one.
Come on, have another pill on me.
Oh, by the way, don't take the ones with the little fish hooks inside.
I'm not going to.



Those are just a joke.
Medication time.
The ones with the broken glass aren't from us.
How many here would say that they are cognizant or familiar with the main teachings of Bob Dobbs?
Raise your hand.
Let me see your gun.
About half at least.
Okay.
Well, the rest of you, you know, just...
Well, if you didn't get your pill, there's still a few left up here.
And like I say, dosage.
Dosage number two will be coming up.
If you got dosage number one, don't miss dosage number two.
Helpful hint there, kids.
Oh, well, just don't take dosage number two and you'll find out.
Now, we have doled out these pills in the sacred communion.
You know, you're taking a bit of the brain of Bob.
And I've had people come up to me after the show going,
Yeah, man.
I got off, dude.
What was that?
Come on, tell me, because I'm like flying.
And friends, all it is is the word.
It's just the word is all it is.
It's all you need.
Take it all off, baby.
Now, I'm tempted...
Oh, Jesus.
It's time for the second dosage.
All right, dear friends.
I'm going to dole out these myself.
And you really do want to stick these in your mouth,
but you'll have to peel them out of the...
the lead-lined foil first.
Let's see if this will come over here.
Now, friends.
All right, now, okay.
Anybody...
There may be some of you here who didn't get the first dosage earlier in the evening.
That's all right.
The second dosage will do you good.
Now, is the camera person ready?
Because we want to be able to see...
Oh, can you turn on the house lights up so we can see?
I want to be able to see.
I want to see the faces of these people when they put the pills in their mouths.
Okay.
There's going to be a lot of them.
No need to crush.
Oh, look.
A little child is crushed horribly in the stampede for the great pills.
Now, check all over the floor.
The little pieces of paper don't count.
And whoa!
Whoa!
God.
Anybody of you who got a lemon?
They're the best.
Whoa!
Because that's what we're doing, friends.
We're just trying to give you an excuse.
As of this moment, you can do anything you feel like doing.
Could I take another pill?
Take another pill.
Have you another damn pill, Dave?
You can have all the pills, but...
All the pills you want.
Take another pill.
It'll cure your ill.
Take another pill.
It'll cure your ill.

Take another pill.
Take another pill.
Your problems will be nil.
Take another pill.
It'll make you want to kill.
Take another pill.
Leave it on the window sill.
And take another pill.
Put your mind through rototill.
Take another pill.
Just throw it on the grill, my friend.
Take another pill.
Fall down like Jack and Jill.
Take another pill.
Vomit will start to spill.
Take another pill.
Hey, bungalow bill.
Take another pill.
We'll brew it up in a still.
Take another pill.
You won't be happy until...
Take another pill.
You'll be the essence of evil.
Take another pill.
You'll have to have a refill.
Take another pill.
Less pills are unacceptable.
Take another pill.
The concept of less pills would be impossible.
Take another pill.
This is not a drill.
Take another pill.
You'll be pickled like a dill.
Take another pill.
You'll feel just like roadkill.
Take another pill.
Yo, yo.
Yo, yo.
Chill.
Take another pill.
Walk through the daffodil.
Take another pill.
You'll be spouting gills.
Take another pill.
It's a thrill.
Take another pill.
When you've been feeling run through the mill.
Take another pill.
And you'll end up on Boot Hill.
Take another pill.
Whales take them with their krill.
Take another pill.
And that's...
Take another pill.
Do we do this still?
Take another pill.
Take another pill, friends. Just go ahead.
Take another pill.
You know, what harm's it gonna do ya?
Take another pill.
Like Bob said, too much is always better than not enough.
Take another pill.
Oh, you get words to live by. Go ahead. Do what Bob said.
Take another pill.
Yeah.
Take another pill.
Oh, that reminds me. I missed my pill.
Take another pill.
I need to... I need to... Do you have any more than pills?
Take another pill.
Hey, now Dave, I know that you had another pill.
Take another pill.
You had a half of one of those throw up on the radio errs.
Take another pill.
Didn't you?
Yeah, I got a few of them left.
Didn't you have one of those imagined I heard weird stuff over the radio errs?
Yeah.
Shaped like a radio demon.
Take another pill.
It was like a white cross, but it was a radio demon.
Did you ever do one of those screamers?
Yeah.
Did you ever do screamers and laughers, man?
Yeah.
Did you ever run up some screamers and laughers?
Yeah, it's like hollow bacon. No, it's not.
Well, they're like the bad gut splitters.
What do you... They just make you laugh?
Well, yeah.
Well, you know, normally they're for asthma,
but when you melt them down and mix them with Aunt Jemima's syrup,
it gets you off.
Oh, that's delightful.
Like the remagnetized Palmer head.
It sounds like a good idea.
I like it a little.
Janer used to do this
demagnetized Palmer head,
but it would like degauss his aura
so that he couldn't remember
the words to the song or anything.
He'd just have to make them up as he went along,
which was like the lowest form
of entertainment.
But that was all we had to provide
for Dave out there in that little space capsule.
Yeah, well, I'm feeling kind of degaussed now.
I'd like to take a few of them pills
instead of just talking about it all night.
Sorry, the tape's not working.
The tapes have all been erased, Dave.
Oh, no, no, no.
Remember, you put your CDs in the microwave
just to see the pretty colors.
No, no, no, no, that one's chemical.
Yeah, you know,
all I do is I'll just imagine
I'm taking pills.
Take another pill.
Ah, ah, ah.
Take another pill.
Take another pill.
Take another pill.
Take another pill.
Whales eat them with their krill.
Whales eat them with their krill.
Here's your bitch, one more!
Here's your bitch, one more!
Hey, I came up with all those words
that rhyme with pill all by myself
just now. Just now, why?
Yeah, you did that all by your schnaff.
Yeah, because I'm in that church of the sub-gene pool.
I missed part of it on my tape.
I had to turn my tape over. How are everyone else's tapes?
It pre-drills, Cranstrip.
But I've been recording my whole show,
so my tape is different.
Okay, just remember those things.
The logistics of doing this radio program
are phenomenal.
I'm gonna go check my tape.
You're listening to WCSB.
I squeaked it in there earlier, but I'll give you
a nice, clear, defined one right now.
WCSB Cleveland, and special guests in tonight
with Einstein Secret Orchestra.
The full complement.
Yeah.
So why don't I hook you up with the microphone
here and let you actually
listen to yourself.
Listening to yourself.
Spouting on the radio, listening to yourself.
Ah, yes, brothers and sisters.
My name is Dr. Legume.
I'm one of the real in-person preachers
of the church of the sub-genius.
I don't hide behind the radio waves too terribly much.
And I'm here to talk to you tonight about
heroes.
Yes, heroes.
I seen today on the news.
I was sitting at home watching television
and I saw this hero on TV.
This guy who got shot down over Bosnia.
And they came in and rescued him,
and he was a real hero.
Oh yeah, you can hear them choppers coming in
to pick him up now.
The gunfire.
Oh yes, the evil empire that's creeping up
behind him ready to take his patriotic American life
and snuff it out like such a pitiful little candle
in a hurricane.
Oh yes, he was a great hero.
He wasn't expecting to be shot down or anything.
No, he wasn't expecting to be shot down.
But he was.
And he managed to hide out.
You know, he ran off into the forest.
Tried to protect his sorry butt for about 10 days.
And he sat out there eating bugs and everything.
But does that really make him a hero?
Just because he got shot down and ran like hell?
I mean, he's a hero.




I mean, wouldn't anybody else do it in the same situation?
I mean, what makes him a hero?
I mean, he was only doing his job.
Hell, half the people in Philadelphia risk getting shot by somebody
just for doing their job.
But you don't see them on TV.
And oh, he got on there with his fake-ass written down speech
that they had prepared for him that sounded so patriotic.
And it was all just a big cover.
Oh yeah, they make it sound like one of those great World War II gigs
where the hero comes up and says,
I'm just marching home.
But the fact is, it's all just a big cover-up
to make you feel good about America
so that you won't feel so terribly bad about the government
when they send the rest of the soldiers in there
to start shooting at the other people and blowing them up.
And who really gives a damn what's going on in Bosnia anyway?
I mean, let them all die.
So they blew up Oklahoma. I don't care.
Hell, I could still get a pizza in 30 minutes or less if I want one.
And my cable TV wasn't cut out.
As a matter of fact, hell, it gave me something good to watch
for a couple hours.
You know, I kind of got tired of seeing that same old footage
of somebody handing somebody's stupid dead child around.
Oh yeah.
But it's all just a big conspiracy.
It's a conspiracy to make you think that everything's okay.
Oh yes, brothers and sisters.
It's all just a big conspiracy.
They lie to you. They cheat.
They fool you into thinking that you're something that you're not.
They take all your money out of your paychecks.
Oh yes.
And the con has ruined so many lives.
It's surprising.
It hasn't been snuffed out yet by an uprising of the American people.
Put on your jackboots.
Load up your shotguns, brothers and sisters.
Let's go out and take back what's ours.
Oh yes, the con tried to take me.
They tried to ruin my life.
Oh yes, they threw me into a damp prison.
With no trial.
With no lawyers.
And they fed me nothing but gruel and worms and bugs.
But I escaped.
Yes.
No, no, that's fake gruel, isn't it?
Oh yes.
But no matter how down and out I got,
even when I had to live in a dumpster and hide from the police,
there was always that little bit of hope that came from Bob.
Oh yes, Bob saved me.
One day I found one of them subgenius pamphlets in that dumpster.
And I read about it and I said, well, I gotta write to this address.
I gotta go out and stick up a liquor store with my knife and try to get up enough money to get a stamp.
Just to send for that religious pamphlet.
That Church of the Subgenius pamphlet.
Oh yes.
And when I got it, my life was turned around, brothers and sisters.
My life was turned around.
I became a warrior for Rotan.
Oh yes.
I cast off my shackles.
I have cast off my shackles.
And Bob took good care of me.
Oh yes, he took good care of me.
He set me up with the finest in liquor and women.
And he gave me a bright red Jaguar.
And even though I drove it into a church,
I was very weary.
There was a dozen more waiting for me when I got home.
Oh yes.
Oh yes, and all I had to do was fight the conspiracy.
And fight them I do.
And fight them I will.
And fight them I shall.
I'll fight them in the alleys.
I'll fight them in the streets.
Oh, I'll fight them in the churches.
Oh yes.
But I don't have to fight them for much longer.
Just another two or three more years until the exorcists come on July 5th, 1998 at 7 AM.
Oh yes.
Then.
The tide shall be turned.

We shall be as naked fists of fury.
We, the persecuted subgeniuses,
shall rise up
and it will be
as a great wave
shall wash over the earth.
A wave of evil blood
shall wash over the earth.
And it shall wash the conspiracy
and its Christian dukes
into the lake of fire.
into the lake of fire.
Oh yes, brothers and sisters.
Oh yes.
The lake of fire.
The fox go when he dies.
Oh yes.
And after 1998 you too will be able to fight the evil conspiracy.
Oh yes.
You will be up there in the saucers with the energy weapons
blasting down on this
worthless husk of a planet.
Oh yes. And then you will have your own planet.
And you will be able to design it as you will.
I have my planet
already designed.
Oh yes. It will be covered with a layer of broken glass.
And everyone will weigh 300 pounds.
And they will sweat profusely
because it will be 120 degrees
all the time.
And they will sweat.
And they won't have any clothes
to protect them from the sun.
And they will never be able to sit down.
You're talking about Philadelphia, right?
Actually, I'm talking about Trenton, New Jersey.
Oh yes.
But if you want to get in on any of this
all you have to do is write a letter

and write for information from the Church of the Subgenius
at P.O. Box
140306
in Dallas, Texas
75214
That's right, brothers and sisters.
Because
you have to
you have
you have
to join the Church of the Subgenius.
That is all you need to do to be saved.
Oh yes. Oh yes.
All you need is
your Subgenius membership card.
Because if you're not
on the train, brothers and sisters
you're going to be
tied to the tracks.
Oh yes.
Some have to be the chainsaw,
others the tree.
And the harvest cometh, brothers and sisters.
There are many signs.
There are many signs that Bob's will is beginning to take over this planet.
Oh yes.
Oh yes. Billy Graham is bleeding
from the rectum, brothers and sisters.
That proves that there is
Bob's justice here on this planet.
That proves it!
Bob sold it to me.
I smoked it.
That proves it. Praise Bob.
He comes by his hatin' fair and square.
See, this is my circle. I'm in my circle.
I mean, you can kill me, you can
crucify me, but that circle's still here.
I mean, as long as you're not in my circle,
you're not playing my game. But once you get in my circle,
you're playing my game, because it's my circle.
I thought we were safe when we were inside the circle.
But that's a different circle.
You can kill me, you can crucify me,
but that circle's always gonna be there.
That's my circle. That's the protection circle.
I never killed anyone. Anyone who knows anything
about it knows that I never killed anyone.
They just happened to die in your presence.
Wouldn't they be dead if it wasn't for you?
If it wasn't for me, nothing would exist.
I did not design the bullet.
I did not design the gun.
I did not even aim the gun. I was just
holding the gun. And it was the
fear of that person that made my finger tremble
in such a manner that the gun
accidentally exploded, and they happened to
stand in front of the bullet. They psychically willed me to kill them.
But Charlie, you went in and tied up
the LaBiancas, then you went out to the car
and told the girls to go in and kill them.
Why is that?
I walk the line.
I keep a close watch on this
heart of mine. I walk
the line.
Now Charlie,
there are people out there who think you're a god.
What is your answer to this?
I am. They're right.
But there must be something
deeper than just that, because
it's the way that you look at me with those eyes
is there's something commanding.
You can't say that you didn't tell them to kill, because I look
in your eyes and I see death emanating from them.
Jane, are you implying that actually
Manson was inspired by
a Johnny Cash record and not
the Beatles' White Album? He went down in
a ring of fire. Well, let's see.
Was I responsible?
Did I order the slayings of the LaBiancas?
Let's see. Knight to King 3?
I think I'll pass on that right now.
That was the circle.
That was the circle in which
Manson was referring to. The ring of fire.
Oh, you dealt the hand.
The prosecution dealt the hand.
Let's see what the hand is here.
Okay, let's see. You've got your hippie cult leader card.
What's a hippie cult leader?
Okay, well, okay. Could that be Reverend Stang?
He has long hair.
Is anyone accusing him of killing the LaBiancas?
No. Why is that?
No. Now we're looking at things
at a different angle, a new perspective here.
Do I see another conspiracy?
Could be.
Who's passing the cards out?
Is it Charles Manson? No, Charles Manson's
in prison. Explain that, huh?
With Tom Snyder. With Tom Snyder, yes.
Tom Snyder. Did Tom Snyder ask for the interview
with Charles Manson?
Or did Charles Manson ask for the interview
with Tom Snyder? Eddie knows what I'm talking about.
We were in New York City. I used to be the anchor at KNBC.
We got a little
liverwurst sandwich over there.
It was that little delicatessen
over on 2nd Street.
Eddie knows what I'm talking about.
Come on, Charlie.
Let's get serious about this.
We need to answer some questions here because
there's a lot of people out there that just...
There's a guy off camera that no one ever knows who I'm talking about.
They need to make sense of these murders, Charlie.
I just keep laughing and smoking cigarettes and making
off-camera references.
Charlie, there's nothing funny about
the murder and
vivisection of so many people that
at your orders... Oh, there's some things funny
about it.
I can think of maybe two or three.
You're right, there's not a lot funny about it.
I can think of some things that are funny.
I think only a mass murder is so
funny.
You know, there's been...
Humor's been done about it for the past
15, 20 years.
It's been milking the same Tate-LaBianca
routine.
When did you ever get new writers?
Yeah, who cares anyway?
Who cares about Charles Manson? Who cares about
the Tate-LaBianca? Who cares if they blow up Oklahoma City?
I can still get on the phone right now
and have a pizza in 30 minutes or less.
And I can still get my cable TV nice and clear.
So who gives a damn if they blow up the entire
middle section of the country?
Who cares anyway?
Get some new writers. We've heard the one about the Tate-LaBianca
slings.
Now I'm not personally offended by this swastika that you have carved
in your forehead.
But I think that there are some people out there in our listening
audience that might take some exception to this.
Uh, somehow
I feel that's not just a runic symbol.
I think there's a statement there.
What is the statement you are trying to intone
in a manner which can be explained
on the radio without offending too many of us?
And I don't want any of this pat answer.
I mean, I want the motive behind the motive.
I didn't write the music.
It's not my conspiracy.
I didn't invent slack.
You hear slack, you hear about Bob every day.
Only you hear the word Bob every day.
Only you're too deaf, dumb, and blind to understand it.
The Bobbies come at you with guns and knives and clip art.
Because that's what you deserve.
Freeform Radio.
The most creative art form in human history.
I'm one of the least satisfying sexual acts ever created.


That's for damn sure.
It doesn't do what they said it was gonna do.
Oh yeah, you...
Oh yeah, the famous Freeform Radio.
It's like Negative Land and Over the Edge guys
and Puzzling Evidencers
and that, uh,
Lonesome Space Dave show
and all them, them, uh,
that, that slack oil
traveling radio show
and so forth. Oh yeah.
Oh yeah. The groupies.
Mm-hmm. The money.
Oh yeah.
The, the, the press parties
with the CD releases.
Oh yeah. The baked beans.
The ham hocks.
The cans of pepper. The sleepless nights.
The pills, of course.
Well, there are the pills.
The foolish sideways glances at the wrong waitress.
Mm-hmm.
The fungal diseases.
Mm-hmm.
Oh yeah, the fungal diseases.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, it was a stormy night in Laredo.
Yeah, it was a stormy night in Laredo.
I was, I'd been in the saloon
preaching.
Preaching to the drunkards.
Preaching to the drunkards.
Back around 1875
it was, I think.
Well, I'd had a few whiskies in the course
of my sermonizing, and
as I crawled out underneath
the saloon doors
and down into the three foot
deep mud of the streets
of Laredo,
crawling amongst the
horse offal in the muddy
streets, what?
I suddenly felt a chill
and I looked up,
and there in the middle of the night,
Bob was riding into town.
Bob was riding into town.
Bob was riding into town.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
My Bob, my Bob had rode into town
and here I was, a humble,
subgenius preacher,
crawling through the gutter,
looking up at my Bob
on his mighty white stallion
with his huge white saloon.
And I saw that Stetson hat
and that pipe just a-smoking
in the pouring rain.
Oh, yes, and I, and of course
I knew what I had to do.
I had to lick Bob's boots,
my friend.
Ah, yes, sir.
You know, because Bob's my savior,
my short-duration personal savior,
but he's my savior nonetheless.
And I love Bob, and I,
and you know when Bob rides by,
you have to assuage his feet
with salve and ointments,
and lick the boots,
the boots of Bob.
You gotta be a Bob boot kisser.
You gotta kiss that old leathery boot
hanging off Bob's behind.
You gotta work them boots,
actually, friends.
You know it doesn't matter
if Bob's been walking through the prairie
through all them buffalo chips,
cow pies,
pasture pastries,
meadow muffins,
or if Bob's been squishing
through the streets in his boots,
the streets of an 1875 western town
with open sewage running through the mud.
Friends,
if you're a preacher and Bob rides into town,
you gotta get to licking them boots,
and that's what I did.
I licked, and I licked, and I licked.
I was working them boots.
I was kissing Bob's boot cheeks.
And I was thinking,
I'm working so hard for slack.
Won't Bob be proud of me?
Won't he meet
the green fire?
And lick the sun?
Or a young cow
born in New Orleans?
Yeah, won't Bob be proud of me?
So I was licking and grinning.
And pretty soon I was picking
and grinning, picking dead
chicken skin off my
mouth because, friends,
when you work too hard to
kiss Bob's boots and cheeks,
Whoa.
you know, your lips get more chapped
than your chaps.
And I've got some leathery old chaps,
and I've got a leathery old,
creaky old saddle.
But what was creakier and chappier
than that was my boot lips, friends.
I had saddle sores from kissing
Bob's boot.
I had hoof and mouth disease.
For I couldn't preach.
I could no more preach, my friends,
after licking Bob's boots than,
it was like I had a creaking
leather beak for a mouth.
I'd try to smile
and pleasure at Bob,
and then my lips would just crack open
and bleed. It was like having
a turtle shell for, or like a beak
for a mouth.
And I'd have to wash it, borscht,
with my saddle soap.
I'd pull out that lemon oil saddle
soap, rub them down
real good.
But, friends,
I had worked
too hard for slack, and
Bob wasn't proud of me. He put his
boots, he looked at his boots, he said,
they're real shiny, boy.
And he rode away and left me with the viruses
and the funguses growing
deeper and deeper into my flesh.
So beat
the drums slowly and play
the pipes lowly.
Play the dead marches
you carry me along.
Take me to
the great valley and
lay the sun over me.
For I'm a dumb cowboy.
I know I've done wrong.
But praise Bob, my friends!
I was laying there with my
sores and the
blood cracking, leaking off of my
cracked up mouth.
And, friends, I knew what I had to do.
I knew what I had to do. I had to slack
off. And I did it right there in the
middle of the street. Right in the street.
I walked off my chaps
and I slacked off right there in front of
everybody. And, friends, the dead skin
sloughed off.
Yes, my friends, I had kissed
Bob's boots. I had
licked Bob's boots. And I had been
infected by Bob's boots.
And after I finished doing that,
I killed Bob there. I shot him
in the back. I pulled out my six gun.
I shot my saber in the back.
And I slacked off right in front of
him. And, friends, I
called for them face raping
bats. I stood there in the thundering
streets and I pulled
on my bat call. And along
came that flock of bats, my friends.
Why, in no time at all, I was
sucking down that antidote sperm
pudding and I had
slack.
Slowly, I play the
play slowly. Play
the dead march as you
carry me along. Take
me to the green
valley and lay the
sod oar before I'm
a dumb cowboy and
I know I've done wrong.
The
old
father



And now
you know, dear friends,
why this show was so
late for so long. It was
the boot lips. And that
little last bit there was,
of course, not
needless to say, from Lonesome Cowboy Dave and Chaz Smith on the WCSB in Cleveland show,
ESO Radio.
Einstein's Secret Orchestra there just before the Cleveland revival.
We also heard quite a bit from Suzy the Floozy and Reverend Microphone's Bob's Slack Time
Funhouse show on WREK.
In Atlanta, Georgia with St. Janer Hyperclete and Father Joe Mama.
And prior to that, the amazing Dr. Legume rant about heroes on Pastor Craig's Philadelphia
subgenius show on WKDU.
And before that, some more ESO with that lovely old tune, Take Another Pill.
And...
Before that, the dosages and the pill dispensations from the Cleveland subgenius revival with
Toth Wilder and his forms of insanity.
Yes, my friends, there's been a lot down the pike tonight and there'll be a lot more down
your pike if you'll just write for the free information from the Church of the Subgenius.
If you're wondering what it's all about, and even if you're not,
just go ahead and give us your address.
We love your address as much as you will love ours, which we're about to give here.
Got that pencil ready?
And here it is!
Just write to Bob...
Yeah, that same old name again.
Bob at Post Office Box 140306.
That's Box 140306 in Dallas.
Texas.
75214.
That and a few billion other things are all you need to know.
Yes, you can have knowledge.
You can know Bob in the biblical sense.
Because this is a religion.
This is a faith.
This is the one true faith.
This is the one true faith.
The one last hope for mutant kind.
This church will come right on in your house honey.
You send them a dollar ...
This church will come and come and come again.
Or a self-addressed...
I don't see it.
You gotta trust us, when you need a friend.
To find us, you gotta look within.
You gotta trust us.

you gotta trust us
before you
change the dust
before you change the dust
you gotta see it
before you see it
you gotta be it before you be it
you gotta see it
before you see it
