Your FBI hopes through this series of programs to enlist each of you as a volunteer in the army of women engaging in serious crimes like murder, robbery, and
THE SOUL GENIUS
POWER OF SWATCH
Neither your FBI, nor any local law enforcement agency, can prevent those parasites from attempting to get easy money from you, the decent citizen.
Only you can do that.
Do it by always following Bob.
But that trick never worked!
Yeah, yeah.
No, no, no.
Don't smell ass
Don't smell ass
Don't smell ass
That means you seethey're still doing it.
You hole girl is not having much time to spare!
Iwiąz
I tots
Died for our sins, Creation Science Polka!
The Bible says the Earth is only 6,000 years old.
Deny and Jesus Christ will roast your balls on burning coals!
Come on everyone, join the fun!
Ignorance has almost won!
Get geology from a nun!
Creation Science Polka!
Take your children out of school!
Homespun dogma is so cruel!
Prop them up, watch them drool!
Creation Science Polka!
Archive tickets to the

hab drool!


next to me. That's pretty good now, ain't it?
Thank you, the Rudy Schwartz Project
with that creation science polka.
And I'm sitting here in Tarzan's radio station
at Stang Ranch with Dammit the Dog
doing a solo show. We're jumping
time streams again this time. Part of the show is in the now
recorded in Texas.
And part of it is then, last July,
at the 21st X Day Drill, formerly known as
19X Day. But apparently there will be
a 20X Day. I'll talk about that more later.
But specifically,
I'm going to be playing an hour of slack that was done before a live audience with
this same Tarzan's equipment.
At Wisteria Campground. But without me,
as you'll hear, I was indisposed.
Instead, our hosts here
are Dr. Hal, Reverend Baby Bear, and
Reverend Argus Fox.
Tiny Shoes is the one about the...
Great! The Bull Dada swag is increasing
all the time. How beautiful!
How beautiful!

How beautiful!
If you have a beautiful piece of original artwork that you'd like to be sold to a
worthless subgenius...
Oh, it's not for sale.
Oh, pardon me.
That's a gift.
Oh, okay. I didn't realize that.
Pardon me. Excuse me.
Yeah, I put the gobble up that way.
All right. Well, yeah. Some of the swag gets snagged by the auctioneers.
It's the auctioneer's privilege to take all the good stuff and then sell the rest
to the unwitting audience participants.
Oops.
Oops.
Oops.
Oops.
I did hear that we missed a crate of stuff that fell off the truck on the way.
Well, I found an assortment of really interesting sticks, and I think we can...
Oh, no. That's even worse.
They're not going to hear you if you don't have a microphone.
Reverend Stang is saying it didn't fall off a truck. It jumped out of an aircraft.
He's over here with his briefcase full of money.
He's over here with his briefcase full of money.
Just drunkenly handling, you know...
It's disgusting.
...stolen $100 bills.
Well, not stolen.
Piles and piles of money.
Donated, of course.
Yes, these are charity offerings, for the greatest of these is charity.
Well, they're just in his possession.
From you to us.
Not saying that he stole them.
No, no one stole, more or less.
It was an archaeological find.
It's like those evangelical preachers that stand up and...
...talk about their hovercopters and jet boots and, you know...
I wish God would have all these things in heaven.
...and say, don't be jealous of me.
I've been blessed by the Lord, and please send me more money.
Yes, the Lord's going to call me unless you send me $10,000 by Thursday.
Praise the Lord.
Mm-hmm.
But how come this Lord says very explicitly somewhere else in the very explicit New Testament...
...that you can't take all that rich guy stuff with you?
That it's easier for a camel to...
Well, you're just not trying hard enough.
...to get squozed through the eye of a needle than it is for you, rich guy, to get into heaven.
Oh, here comes Stag.
Oh, he's coming to steal my microphone.
Gonna shove his orange.
Oh, don't dispossess.
Baby bear, what are you doing?
I'm pushing the order out of the chair.
According to Pappy Stag...
There is on the ground...
All right, let's hear it.
According to Pappy Stag, the eye of a needle was actually the name of a gate in Jerusalem.
And it was a narrow gate, and it was hard to get your camel through it.
But a rich guy could shove his goddamn camel through the eye of a needle if he pushed hard enough.
So that's all.
I have to say, you guys go ahead and do my goddamn job for me.
Well, all right, so there was a gate named the Needle in Jerusalem.
That's, I suppose, somewhat helpful in the ancient parable.
His breath smells like bar.
Just go lie down right over there.
Don't pay any attention to what that old man does.
Just put a sheet over him.
Yes, he's been roistering with his barroom companions again.
He's had three Dr. Peppers and an apple cider.
Oh, father, where are you now?
Smells of cigar and brandy from the sitting room.
Den of iniquity.
He's wrapping his belt around his fist.
Look out.
Oh, he's a mean old man.
He's on a tear.
He's a mean old man.
He's a mean dude.
He's a mean old man with a ponytail.
That's how you show him who's boss.
You yank it.
You yank his ponytail.
Well, you could try it.
Don't let me keep you back.
I'm not going to.
You can make the experiment.
There aren't gloves thick enough, man.
Wait, I thought the ponytail was gone.
Was that a hoax?
No, he's going to.
There, see?
Flogged by the cue of Stang.
I thought your braid was gone.
Oh, now he's even.
That was a hoax.
Oh, he won't hit the girl.
Flashing baby bear.
He won't hit the girl.
See, he's not a sexist old coot.
Boy, you get some alcohol.
He's got some alcohol in him.
And he gets more than licorice.
Mean old Uncle Stang.
Gets a little antsy in his pantsy.
He's just flat out nasty.
And that shirt that he hasn't washed since the first X-Day.
So everybody who gets the X-Day brochure gets different inserts.
They are randomized.
And you never know what you're going to get on the inside.
So collect them, trade them, swap them.
I like this family eating little lizards.
Yes.
Not the baby lizards.
The nuclear family eating little lizards.
It reminds me of the Fallout games.
It's pronounced nuclear.
Nuclear.
Nuclear families.
They're not randomized, but the particular one that baby bear got was customized.
By you.
By her.
Oh, you took all the ones with her in it and put them in.
No random chance here.
This is special.
There are some.
This is the stuff that was intended for you to see.
For my eyes only.
Princess We thought this was a good selection for you.
Princess We has just been crowned by Anna Mall.
Wow, look at that.
With a space tiara.
Flowing with a double diadem.
It's beautiful.
What you said.
It's radiant.
She's glowing with slack.
Queen of the Saucers.
It blocks the Nenslo rays.
I can feel his hate from over here.
It also keeps your head cool.
Probably not.
I can't imagine that standing in the sun with tinfoil on your head for a while is going to be a cooling experience.
My first X-Day was the robot costume party.
And I had, that was also the roasting, broiling hot X-Day.
And I had the brilliant idea of making my robot ghost costume out of one of those emergency blankets.
He's coming back for the microphone.
He's coming back for the microphone again.
Look at him, sneaking around.
Before he does that, I wanted to say that was a beautiful, beautiful robot costume.
I was roasted alive inside that thing.
Well, you're suffering for art.
It was a terrible idea.
It looked great.
It's painful.
And Dr. Fid Chooley has fought for his velvet painting.
What have we got?
Look, now we have some stuff.
Is this for the Bulldada auction?
Oh, I don't like that.
Oh, look at that.
I don't care for it.
It's quite incredible.
Fid Chooley has presented a velvet painting of what looks to be a pose of the clown.
Here.
Give me.
Easily worth hundreds, if not thousands of dollars.
Bible man VHS tapes.
Okay, what are the baby bears showing now?
Bible man.
I have some Bible man VHS tapes.
Wow, a trooper's head?
Bible man tapes.
See if the trooper's hat fits you.
Silencing the gossip queen.
The six lies of the fibber.
You wouldn't want to model this, I suppose.
Miles Peterson was a man who had it all.
Wealth, status, success.
Still, something was lacking.
Then, in his darkest hour,
the word of a single book gave Miles Peterson the burning desire to...
Oh, no, God.
The Bible.
Yes, you can, too.
Great for ages nine through three and nine.
The book that is greater than any two-edged sword.
The Holy Bible.
Donald Trump's second favorite book, The Bible.
That guy kind of resembles the Joker.
His first being Uncle John's bathroom reader.
He's got green hair.
I wonder if this is endemic among Christians.
Oh, no, there's the fibbler.
This is the bad guy atheist who tries to make you disbelieve the Christian Bible.
He's got green hair, and he's the fibbler,
known for spreading lies and causing havoc.
And his target is the church kids.
In this episode, the fibbler's lying influence causes tremendous turmoil
that only Bible Man can put in order.
When Bible Man lands, he pounds the fibbler into jelly
with knowledge of God's word.
I actually saw Bible Man live.
I never heard of him.





I've never heard of him until this moment.
He's an incredible human being.
A metahuman.
That's what he is.
You can't say superhuman anymore.
He's a great man and an incredible Bible.
I met a human.
Because they have a bunch of category tags attached to their DNA,
like Tumblr posts.
And his colors are purple and yellow,
the spectrum's most beautiful hues.
We also have Radar Men from the Moon, Volume 1.
I remember that.
You can start off your collection from,
from Volume 1 of the series.
Radar Men from the Moon starred Commando Cody, right?
The guy who has a rocket belt suit?
Yes.
George Wallace, Commando Cody.
I'm curious as to why the fibbler appears to look sort of Jewish in this picture.
Whoa!
Does that occur to you?
Whoa!
It seems, I don't know.
Are they trying to say, suggest something here?
Dr. Howell, they're going to say things about...
They're going to say things about this on that internet.
Oh, well, I'm already double-damned by them and dipped in sheep shit.
We can't upset those internets there.
I've already been upset by me.
They even tried to get others angry at me.
I assume the fibbler is supposed to be like the Riddler.
He's like the name of something.
Christian Joker or something.
Namby Pamby invented Straw Man,
who they can easily defeat in their own self-contained universe.
Oh!
That's who it is.
It's Willie Ames.
It's a...
Willie Ames?
Yeah, Eight is Enough and Charles in Charge.
He was the kid in the Blue Lagoon who got to...
Oh, yeah!
Willie Ames, and now he's the fibbler?
Oh, how the mighty have fallen.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
He's Bible Man.
Oh, no, he's Bible Man.
No, he's moved up to the hero.
He was always a handsome guy, so now he's Bible Man.
Look at that chiseled jaw.
That's all that sticks out of the costume.
In the Batman comics, you know, the villains are always the best,
the best part of the show.
This lady looks awesome.
The Gossip Queen?
She's another villain.
After he stomps the fibbler, he's got to fight the Gossip Queen.
What does it say about her?
The evil bitterness beams of the Gossip Queen batter...
Batter Bible Man?
What?
What is this sentence trying to say?
Her bitterness beams batter Bible Man.
Battered Bible Man.
The Gossip Queen batter Bible Man.
And just think, if you have a VHS player,
you can treat yourself to these episodes.
Even more pointless than Santa Claus Conquers the Martians.
Wow, look at the swag.
We've got a robot without a head.
Like the baby bear costume.
And a gumball machine.
A baby bear costume.
And a specima.
Specima.
Specima.
Specima.
Misspells.
Spagamma.
I'll say.
Specima.
Specima.
Specima.
And another rubber stamp.
I'm gonna rub you out.
I'm gonna rub you out.
He's also got out some expensive frisbees.
Surefire selling.
Red Button's comedy album.
Oh God, the desperation.
Love Daddy.
And the amazing Spider-Man LP.
A rock comic.
Hey!
Goodness gracious.
That one's hot.
Half off.
Do not damage the merchandise.
Easy, Stan.
Control your natural exuberance.
Watch it, drunkie.
Watch him dance.
Here, put that...
Someone get his chair.
That vinyl album back.
Which record was that that flew out of it?
I feel it was...
I see the Buddha on it.
The Amazing Spider-Man?
Yeah.
That was Spider-Man?
Okay.
Well, that one comes with...
Does it still come with the comic book?
It might be worth something now.
I'm sure it's...
It's worth extra.
Now it's...
Because it's broken.
To scratch, yes.
Yeah.
So...
Up to several scratches.
What's that...
The giant stamp?
Yes.
It's a business unit.
Business unit?
I don't know.
That's just the first thing that it says.
Oh, look.
It comes with the comic book.
It's got like payment date and approvals and signatures.
It's all the bureaucracy that...
All the bureaucracy possible in one stamp.
Constantly fill out form after form after form at your own pace.
Have a...
Bureaucracygasm.
Throw your own bureaucracy party.
That's a Bill Griffith book.
I wanted to get one of those.
Wow.
Bill Griffith's new book.
About his mother.
Yeah.
And her affair with...
My mother's secret love affair with a famous cartoonist.
Who was...
By Bill Griffith, author of Zippy the Pinhead.
And...
I wouldn't want to give away any spoilers for that, but it's...
The UFO experience.
Really interesting story.
So you've read that, huh?
I have.
I've read some excerpts from it.
Uh...
Bill Griffith has posted several pages from it on his Facebook page.
My alien pin friend.
Did you ever read that A.E. Van Vogt story called Dear Pin Pal?
About a guy having correspondence with an alien.
And turns out to be a prisoner on an alien prison planet.
It sounds familiar.
It's quite interesting because the alien in one of his latter letters says,
You know what, Pin Pal?
We have a problem.
We have a process here where we can perform a brain exchange.
And all it requires is that we write a letter to an alien.
And by the time you're reading this, it'll be me reading this.
And you'll be in jail on planet Scander.
And it turns out that, yes, that did happen.
But he exchanged himself with a pathetic guy in a wheelchair who was just about to die.
And now as a crusty alien, he's going to live for thousands of years.
And...
I'm more of a gooey alien kind of guy.
Well, this one, he's not fully described, but he says,
Here, I enclose my picture.
Chunky metallic chap.
Eh?
I found a hot ticket item for subgeniuses to bid on.
It's a dog tag that proves that you have had your rabies vaccine.
And that your bark is worse than your bite.
And you can finally finish high school now that you've gotten your rabies vaccine.
It would just be really helpful.
That you could establish that up front.
You know, when you're at a party and you want to make friends.
Let everyone know that you're not rabid, rabid, rabid, rabid.
And the wonder shows in DVD.
A wonderfully delightful satanic trip down into an acid-filled pit of despair.
And it has a little book.
Which comes with DVD.
Yeah, yeah, physical media.
Does the DVD come with a book or does the book come with DVD?
That's a very...
That's a very good question.
You feel cheated if you had the book without the DVDs.
But not if you had the DVDs without the book.
With your own eyes.
I never heard of this either.
It's called Wondershoesen.
And it shows some strange characters in a shoe.
Well, how about that?
Special features.
Commentaries on genocide and time travel.
Yeah, Dino Stamatopoulos and David Cross and...
Extra annoying games.
John Lee.
And over an hour...
More of time wasting.
So it's an incredibly disturbing program.
It looks hella entertaining to me.
It's wonderful.
It's one of my favorite programs of all time.
Great.
Well, just this also is available in the Bulldada auction.
Oh, and we've got lewd items.
From Dr. Sonsomniac.
Is this for sale?
This utterly pornographic little metal thing.
Oh, it's articulated.
Oh, goodness.
Oh, my.
My delicate sensibilities.
It's a...
Oh, that's an idea.
Yeah, I should touch it.
Made in Taiwan, it says.
Those Taiwanese polluting us with their...
It's rather well-sculpted.
Look at this little fellow go.
Well, it's a loving...
He's got a little penis.
His little penis is...
It's a loving couple engaged in a loving act.
It's a how-to.
Okay.
This is how you do it.
This was just donated to us?
Yeah.
I wish...
Dr. Sonsomniac gave us...
This obscene little toy of...
Well, it's a couple.
It shows how to make a baby.
And I wish I had had this during the wedding last year, Reverend Fox.
I would have demonstrated to you and asked her how to, you know, make little yetis.
Obviously, you hadn't figured it out because you're not pregnant.
Physical demonstrations versus all of the...
Well, it's well-sculpted.
Descriptive information that was provided for hours and hours.
If you thought that the pen...
That the pen...
Turns upside down, the lady's clothes comes off.
If you thought that was amazing...
You can get those in Chinatown.
You will find this fascinating.
Yeah, this one would actually be like hardcore pornography because it's...
Yes, it is.
It's penetration.
Yeah, are you sick of all that softcore tchotchke bullcrap?
You can now just...
You can't get more explicit than this.
Carry it around on your keys, you know, give it to your friends to let them into your house.
It also, in the fullest of its extent, varies between intromission and cunnilingus.
Yeah, this is the guest key.
What?
I see you're sticking that in.
They won't lose this.
Oh.
What?
The gang needs this.
Okay, well, there it goes.
Into the...
I said auctioneer's privilege.
I'm not going to auction this because it's not only instructional for people my age,
it's kind of a reminder.
Well, look at this.
The power of exposure to the earth is a whimsical thing.
Wow, a unicycle riding...
What are those things called?
Oh, look at him teeter and totter.
Tiny tot...
Oh, he toddles along.
Hmm.
Child.
Free.
I'm sorry, there's no disguising that that is a representation of a bear.
That's a monkey.
Look, man!
Really?
Isn't it a monkey?
You think that's a monkey?
Okay.
Yes.
It doesn't look bearish to you?
Bears have ears up here.
Ah, you're right.
Monkeys have ears, you know, like us.
But his little hat prevents him...
Well, okay, a monkey then.
That was it.
Closest case.
I found another hot ticket item for subgeniuses to buy,
but this one specifically would be well suited for subgenius women.
Don't let it stand here.
Well, no, there was the rabies tag for subgenius men,
so when you go according, you know, you can prove you've got your shots.
This one is good for one special ride.
It's a token.
A ride?
So a subgenius lady could purchase this and then, you know, attempt to exchange it.
Is there a height line?
God, I hope so.
Let's not hear it.
I can't go there.
It got weird.
Never mind.
I take this joke back.
I'm sorry, lady.
We need more pipelines.
I was just...
We need a pipeline of slack right here in Wisteria.
We're just overflowing with it.
Well, if it ain't here, I don't know where it is.
We need to sell some of this excessive slack.
Right here at X-Day.
I don't even know what I'm wearing.
Look.
Oh, that's actually really neat.
Yes, it's a Canadian Scout Leader's hat.
Whoa, it has a wolf pin on it.
With like a little red tassel.
A werewolf pin?
It shows the Canadian werewolf.
It says under the wolf's face, it says, do your best.
It's the beloved Loop Garou of the Northwoods.
I am truly inspired.
They have little mustaches.
Well, maybe this item will be yours after the bull data auction.
On a full moon, Canadian werewolves enjoy poutine.
It kind of fits, doesn't it?
Fits your haid.
You have to pinch the crown together like the troopers wear them.
Yeah, a little bit of pinched crown.
And sit it up top your cranium.
Actually, it's quite big.
It's just sort of...
Hmm.
Well, you could line it with special liner.
Well, if she buys it, she has to get it in the auction first.
Well, I'm assuming...
And this is a hot item.
Mm-hmm.
This is going to go.
I mean, look at these people.
They're just salivating over it.
Calm down, you animals.
And now I've seasoned it.
I've seasoned it with baby bear lice, and I'm throwing that one in for free.
Well, those are so desirable that most people want to.
Are they head lice or pubic lice?
Well, the hat was on my head.
It's a...
Come on, now.
Yeah, but Fid Chooley had it on his head before you.
Oh, crap.
Crabs.
Let's not worry about that until some obvious manifestation occurs.
Why would I put a hat on my head that has been sitting upon Fid Chooley's head?
Fid Chooley has more hats than you can shake a slack stick at.
Enthusiasm.
Has it been a half an hour yet?
I'm tired.
Half an hour to what?
Well, you don't have to be here.
I want to take a nap.
You've been helping us, supporting us, but you can cash out any time you need.
Wait, no.
I just was giving you a hard time.
Bring that crazy old stang back.
Here comes Fid Chooley.
No, you're going to...
He'll give you the relief you need.
Heesh, don't say mean things about me.
Fid is here.
I didn't mean it.
I take it back.
He didn't bring us any frosty beverages.
No, I'm not going to.
No, I didn't...
How dare you ascend upon this altar and not bring us a show?
It's just in the spirit of raillery and humor.
All right, I'm getting up.
I just wanted to sit down.
It's humor.
You see how easy it is to be misunderstood.
And Baby Bear retreats to her cave to hibernate throughout the rest of this evening.
Well, thanks to Baby Bear for sitting in at this historic session.
A truly wonderful evening.

Oh, yes, give her her program.
Example of subgenius woman.
100% uber femme.
Baby Bear cannot be stopped in her blood-filled rampage against the humans.
Who would want to?
I'd try.
I know what I'd get.
It'd be worth it.
It'd be worth it every time.
Two sibilants, sibilants, check, check, sibilants.
It's so great that we're accumulating all this wonderful...
Bulldada auction material.
But there's still time for you to donate more if you have it and care to surprise the happy
subgeniuses with an unexpected treasure or treat.
Treasures can be found anywhere, you know, here in nature, in other people's camps, you
know.
Bring them on up.
A few years ago, we actually had a pair of underwear show up.
And I believe it was Sweets McGee's underwear.
And he said, you can't sell them.
You can't sell that.
And, well, I think we proved him wrong on that.
So he had to buy his own underwear back at, I believe, the inflated price of $6.
After all, Bob could sell anything.
Why can't subgeniuses who are reputedly little Bobs also sell everything?
Just little baby Bobs.
Popping their heads out of holes.
Nudge them gently back into those holes.
Lest they back out like crawdaddies and get away.
This is like Lullaby Man.
No, that's not music, I'm getting all sleepy, too.
What?
Oh yeah.
Oh.

.
.
.









.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.




Well, it's been a while since time began
But that struggle against nature
For some nature of his man
Tectonic plate, he's meant to see perfect sand
Nature has the power, nature has the upper hand
Nature!
I hate it!
Nature!
I hate it!
Well, the forces of nature come in many degrees
Maybe a forest fire, plague, or killer bees
Maybe an earthquake, or maybe typhoon
Tornadoes, volcanoes, rays of blood soon
Nature!
I hate it!
Nature!
I hate it!


Here's a baby's dioxide
Blue glitters
Wipe out a whole species
How does that make you feel?
Guard your hole in the earth
Feel that whole thing





These Amer aiming with primal nickname
Worldlines
The cameroved demande
And yet here you are
Your love is not to blame
This was all my work
The been lowered down, lowered voice
for the pain of the sordid and all black
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I don't want to get off the stage.
Who told me
to get off the stage?
I don't want to get off the stage.
Am I just paranoid?
Nature, I hate it.
The great, great
Swinging Love Corpses tune
that was recorded live in St. Louis.
I forget where.
That's a great recording.
An unusually sincere
Swinging Love Corpses song.
Most of them, I think,
were probably co-written by
the Drummond brothers, Philo and Fink
and their cousin,
Matt, or Ray Hay,
I should say,
Dr. Ray Hay.
I think Nature, I Hate It
is more of a Dr. Ray Hay song.
It was him singing it.
And now, the news.
From PR News in Washington,
I'm the significant breakdown
in safety procedures.
The Prime Minister of Israel
is reporting another deadly germ.
Those scientists contained
an extremely dangerous
strain of flu called anthrax.
So there was no PR News
for six weeks.
Dr. Tom was disheartened,
disappointed, and angry.
Officials say there was no public
PR report for six weeks.
NBA star LeBron James is fuming
to become one of the worst players
in Cleveland.
Dow is 29-4,
16-40-19.
It's been 19 years
since World War II.
Chrysler is recalling more than
half a million SUVs for problems
with PR News in Washington.
Dr. Ray Hay is reporting
more than enough to remind
us of this surreal


Bridget W Dako,









Mullacic,
A Fey grinder and
inter Municipal

Bricht,








ball option
again too early


helped crowd

Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
P-Dog, you can do anything!
That was the name of that tune.
Which is by Dr. Shoggoth.
We've heard
hollering in
Thorazine Urine
Podcrush shows
and playing strange instruments
breaking the
giant metal dobson.
We'll have
more X-Day recordings
next show, I'm sure.
Coming up now, though?
Hmm.
Could this be Reverend Jimmy Ryan?
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
Edited by yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang.
This was published in 2006.
And then the
publisher almost immediately went out of
business. Then it was republished by
somebody else, and then they went out of business.
So, it's out of business, man.
You can find copies of this wonderful
book for
a lot of money. Some days.
Other days, you can find copies for a penny.
It's funny how
internet robots work.
Oh, before I get to reading, I wanted to mention
some
some
some

but the Starwood people voted to not collide with the subgeniuses.
I prefer to think that they, well, they may collide
but then they wrap their arms around each other
and do jig-jig and have little babies, subgeniuses and pagans.
I've seen it happen a whole bunch of times.
That's how Princess Wee and I got together anyway.
Yeah, Starwood is July 11th through 17th.
I'm sure there'll be a big preaching revival or two.
Usually we do two shows there.
One formal on the main stage and one super psychedelic crazy one
inside the buffer dome with the projections.
And yeah.
Oh, and in Cleveland there's going to be a subgenius ranting
at the Winter Star Ball.
I'm not sure exactly when that's going to be.
It's in February.
The Reverend Baby Bear is going to be filling the space.
Subgenius shoes at that one.
She was going to last year, but Reverend Gooch died that day.
The guy that was running the festival suddenly up and died.
Not a good time for subgenius comedy preaching.
We have a couple of new videos on YouTube.
I have a video channel called RevStang
and the older stuff on it is intensely subgenius.
More recent things reflect my other interests.
For five years I did microbe pornography.
And right now I've got bug porn on RevStang YouTube channel.
There's a new seven minute short called
The Big Beautiful Bugs of Stang Ranch.
It's inspired by the Hellstrom Chronicle
and another movie called Microcosmos,
which are professional bug porn.
Great stuff.
It's part of a trilogy.
There's a second one that I just uploaded called
The Baleful Badass Bugs of Stang Ranch.
That's the scary one.
That one has scary music.
The Beautiful Bugs has beautiful bugs and beautiful music.
And yet the scary bugs are often the very same bugs.
They're not the same shot stuff.
And the last one will be the Batty Bulldada Bugs of Stang Ranch,
which will have Rudy Schwartz.
Bats.
Bats.

And the last one is the Bats Project music.
The scary one used Einstein's Secret Orchestra.
Oh, and there's also a real short one.
You can see the house where the new Mega Fist Temple Lodge
of the Church of the Subgenius is located.
It's the ninth one actually.
Of course, Philo's house or office is always a Mega Fist Temple Lodge.
He's fixing to move.
But you can see our facility and our helpers in a YouTube video called,
Surprise Home Invasion of Stang Ranch by Goats.
And of course, there's a Subgenius TV channel on Roku.
It's not called Subgenius TV channel and it's not all Subgenius.
It's called OSI 74 and it has a lot of bad film hosted by horror hosts,
such as Mr. Lobo.
And there's a show done by Mr. Lobo called,
Slizzy P. Martini of GWAR, who also hosts a great bad film.
So yeah, there's all that going on.
Oh, and the Slack Friday begins right after Thanksgiving.
Between Thanksgiving and Christmas, you can look at subgenius.com
if you want to see what Slack Friday is all about.
Okay, our background music here is once again, Cyber Chump.
This one's from a, their Moment of Perfect Happiness is the name of the CD.
And this is CD disc two.
Yes, yes.
Nice ambient stuff there for reading the word of Bob, folks.
Yep, time to read the word of Bob.
Let's see, I just opened this up randomly at chapter five.
That would be the conspiracy,
the chapter about the conspiracy and about fighting the conspiracy.
And all of our book chapters open with a series of heavy quotes,
such as Nenslow, the great Nenslow in 1962 uttered,
by the time things are the way they are, it's too late to do anything about it.
Wow, he would have been about five and a half years old then.
As Bob said to Senator Clayton Hinckley at the 1979 subcommittee hearings,
you'll pry my cold dead fingers out of my other cold dead fingers.
And as I said, inducting initiates into Dobstown in 1986,
I'm not the kind of person I'm preaching to, and neither are you, I hope.
And as Dobbs, J.R. Bob Dobbs said in 1986,
on the religious duty of annoying initiates in Dobbstown,
I'm an advocate of freedom from speech.
And as Jack Shade of the Leek News Service said,
who knows what rough beasts slouching towards rebirth in the hearts of men can do for your country.
If it's legal, it's not free.
If it's free, it's not legal.
That was Bob, 1956, at a Hollywood party.
And, uh, I forgot this one.
Question authority. Just don't question your wife.
Princess, we are dough, queen of all the UFOs.
My wife.
And in Bob's, the Bob for President campaign of 1974,
Bob said, I spout Jingo and I vote.
And there's another quote from Bob's presidential,
this is a new one, I'm just remembering off the top of my head.
Bob said, I'm crazy like a fox guarding the whorehouse.
He said that as part of his presidential campaign this year.
I'm crazy like the fox guarding the whorehouse.
Something like that.
Okay.
This, the chapter now begins.
Subgenius, subgenie us versus them.
Shut up, pink boy. Stop right now!
Too many would-be zealots are still laboring under the impression
that this is some kind of parody of kook religions.
While perhaps having properly grasped the full implications of the faith in Bob the FIB,
some are yet preyed, all manner of misconstrued,
and yet still have misconceptions about other basic subgenius doctrine.
For instance, an otherwise ascended subgenius may understand the serious nature of,
say, excremeditation, yet still think that the concept of acubeating
is simply a joke thrown into confused conspiracy censors.
And there's no estimating how many rogue subgeniuses still don't believe in Bob at all.
So let's talk some plain, raw truth.
Bob lives.
Alien beings are all around us, watching our every move.
There is a conspiracy of unimaginable proportions
that working solely to rob you of your very abnormality.
The president, any president, is a Bolshevik clone.
Russia, nevertheless, has been taken over by demon-possessed Christians.
Utter stupidity can make you rich.
Boy, we've sure been seeing that one proved lightly.
Your own evil ghost twin is standing beside you right now.
There is a hollow earth which holds an advanced race of super-creatures and humans
from before the Ice Age, long before the history of man.
They have to be stopped.
And this is just the surface, friends, the tip of the iceberg,
one drop in the billion buckets of the blood of subgenius martyrs everywhere.
By 1998, the real 1998, if the world itself isn't in Bob's hands,
if a world steering committee composed entirely of subgeniuses
isn't on hand to intercept the gifts of the angelic host from Planet X
when they arise in that year,
then there will hardly be any reason at all for the immortality drug riots
that we know will be erupting about then,
fighting and killing to get the elixir of life,
and the death of longevity will hardly seem worth it.
You won't want to live two more years, much less forever.
Of course, this generation may be remembered as the one that didn't quite make it.
We don't know whether we'll get a chance to enjoy the immortality drugs or not,
but our children will if they don't kill each other fighting over it.
For their sake, for their precious innocent pink hearts,
subgenius must take its rightful place as the one world religion foretold in the Bible.
For when the X's finally come up from the skies,
the ones they transform into overmen must be subgeniuses,
or you can kiss your sweet ass-surance of sanity goodbye.
So shut up and listen!
Listen and look for yourself.
You don't even need us to translate the handwriting on the wall.
What's going on is very grotesquely obvious to even the most subjugated idiot.
Face it, it's all falling apart.
The plan failed.
The 60's didn't work at all.
They were just a kind of decoy to make us think everything would get solved eventually.
Sure, they made everyone hip.
A lot of hornet's nests got stirred up.
Those liberals and modernists got their turn on the soapbox.
The almost exposed peni and jumping bosoms of the underwear-shunning hep ones
made the more uptight normals spin around to be faced with a mirror-image anti-world of their own repressions.
We had a whole new breed of moderately subjugated idiots.
Long-haired people in the 70's.
A whitewashed, promiscuous breed that reduced the boiling point of the 60's to a slow simmer.
A simmer which, thanks to the conspiracy that had those soon-to-be disco dipshits under control from the word go,
will soon lurch once again into a far more complicated, far less comfortable civil war between normals and abnormals.
Yes, cults!
Cults are breeding!
Everyone is bored with being tolerant.
The hate is hungry.
It must be fed.
Maybe the slackless people in the horrible grip of the conspiracy work instinct can't win,
but by God they can sure find an outlet for resentment by seeking out a few others like them.
A cult not necessarily of religion, but rather of work, or diet, or music, or self-help, or just hate.
You can always find something to be a member.
As long as it's a small enough and large enough group that it has not too much and yet not too little in common with the common man.
Canned guilt over unhip sex race god thoughts can be neatly shelved by pride over doing your own thing.
Some particular obsessive brain hobby, but that cool individuality is a big sham.
What most people ended up with after the 60s wasn't liberation, it was just a deep personal hole burrowed for privacy during the blindly hopeful, vehemently peaceful, PG-rated reign of the healthy mediocrity.
Now it's the future.
Now!
Wow.
That was written by me in 1980 in the stark fist of removal.
Magazine that we used to publish.
Wow, I was kind of ahead of my time.
Hmm, oh well.
Now it's decades later and everything has deteriorated on schedule.
We know the enemy far better.
Here's how you recognize him.
It's anybody who says that you must be part of their clique, or their clench, or their church, or their country, or their species, or their planet in order to have slack.
Anybody that is, except us!
For we alone bear the knowledge of the ultimate secret, the true truth.
No matter our age, gender, education, weight, gullibility, or number of sex organs, or personalities, our very deepest sub-subconscious memories are shared in common.
And what they collectively tell us isn't pretty.
In fact, it's enough to make you want to turn your stomach inside out.
Again!
Wow.
Well, I reckon we should read some more from the book of the...
Well, this is the book of the subgenius.
This is the one that's out of print.
I'm not going to read from the book of the subgenius because that's still in print.
And I actually still get royalty checks for that, although I've got to split them with Palmer, Freydes, and Dr. Philodrummond, and Hellswami Satellite Weavers, and Puzzling Everything.
And I'm going to have to have a dance and...
Stun that post, I'm not done with you.
Yes, we'll talk about the conspiracy next time.
And, uh, for now...
This.









