Yes, big, big, big, big.
You get size, if nothing else, you get plenty of size with this radio station.
As soon as we are able to transcend the time problems inherent in life on Earth
and gain control of the situation,
we will return you to your previously scheduled conversation.
Ladies and gentlemen, please leave yourself suggested.
We are having operating difficulties, which has necessitated a delay.
Nothing is more part of unregistered in your subconscious mind.
We are controlling transmission.
Yes?
Mr. Warren, I've got a precious bundle here.
Yes.
The subgenius hour of smack.
Christian teaching and talk for Dallas-Fort Worth.
Chicken in the pot, chicken in the pot, chicken up, down.
Yes, yes, dear friends.
We are back in the arms of Bob.
Wow.
You mean that's why my brain has been coming off with all that stuff?
That's right.
So, kids, I said I am the spaceship.
Okay, Chuck, Chuck, Chuck, switch it on.
Roy on.
Okay, okay.
There.
We're back.
And everything is fine.
It has been a bit hectic, dear friends.
We've been traveling a lot down in Austin.
It seems like every other weekend ministering to the techno ignorant.
We were at the South by Southwest multimedia show
and the big music festival down there.
And hanging out with all our best buddies, Joe Newman,
and Sphinx Drummond, and G. Gordon, and even Mark Hosler from Negative Land.
And we are so cool.
This week, I've got to whip this show out quick.
Got to head back to Austin again for the Survival Research Laboratories show
where we will meet up with puzzling evidence,
bringing Jesus to the Survival Research Laboratories show,
which happens to be on Good Friday.
So who knows?
We may end up with the lad nailed to one of those giant robots,
flamethrowers licking at him.
But listen to this.
Let's just stop for a minute.
This is really rather lovely.
It is Jimi Hendrix, of course.
Here, I just mean get to the good part.
He's very patriotic, restaurant about next day.
There he is.
It looks like a big old guy with a big big little stick on the head.














© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
award winner. The man who found out moments before making a 300 mile per hour dent in an Arizona
cliff that the jet assist takeoff unit he had strapped to his car could not be turned off once
it was turned on. Darwin awards are by definition granted posthumously. This citation is bestowed
upon the remains of that individual who through single-minded self-sacrifice has done the most to
remove undesirable elements from the human gene pool. Oh I've got a perfect song to follow this
up with. The 1996 nominees are from the San Jose Mercury News. An unidentified man using a shotgun
like a club to break a former girlfriend's windshield accidentally shot himself to death
when the gun discharged blowing a hole in his gut.
Uh
uh
uh
PICRI DAILY RECORD uh from 1992 oh my gosh uh Ken Charles Barger 47 accidentally shot himself
to death in December in Newton North Carolina when awakening to the sound of a telephone
telephone ringing beside his bed he reached for the phone but instead grabbed a Smith & Wesson
38 special which discharged when he drew it to his ear. A terrible diet and room with no ventilation
are the reasons why I'm writing this story. The actual reasons behind that are very, very important
are being blamed for the death of a man who was killed by his own gas.
There was no mark on his body, but autopsy showed large amounts of methane gas in his system.
His diet had consisted primarily of beans and cabbage and a couple of other things.
It was just the right combination of foods.
It appears that the man died in his sleep from breathing from the poisonous cloud that was hanging over his bed.
Had he been outside or had his windows been open, it wouldn't have been fatal.
But the man was shut up in his near airtight bedroom.
He was, quote, a big man with a huge capacity for creating this deadly gas.
Three of the rescuers got sick and one was hospitalized.
Reuters, Ontario.
A man slips falls 23 stories to his death.
A man cleaning a bird feeder on his balcony of his condominium apartment in this Toronto suburb slipped and fell 23.
Police said Monday.
Stefan Mako, 55, was standing on a wheeled chair when the accident occurred.
It appears the chair moved and he went over the balcony.
It was one of those freak accidents.
No foul play is suspected.
But of course, you know, they don't know about the conspiracy now, do they?
Toronto.
Police said a lawyer demonstrating the safety of a, this is another plunge, 24 floors to his death also in Toronto.
A lawyer demonstrating the safety of a, this is another plunge, 24 floors to his death also in Toronto.

A lawyer demonstrating the safety of windows in a skyscraper crashed through a pane and plunged 24 floors to his death.
Gary Hoy, 39, fell into the courtyard of the, blah, blah, blah, early Friday evening as he was explaining the strength of the building's windows to visiting law students.
Hoy previously had conducted demonstrations of window strength, according to police reports.
Hoy was one of the best and brightest members of the Lawyer Association.
Yeah, right.
I think he's in for a splash.
Now, Eddie, six people drowned Monday while trying to rescue a chicken that had fallen into a well in southern Egypt.
Now, get this.
An 18-year-old farmer was the first to descend into the 60-foot well to rescue the chicken.
He drowned, apparently, after an undercurrent in the water pulled him down.
His sister and two brothers, none of whom could swim well, went in one by one to help him but also drowned.
Two elderly farmers then came to help.
But they apparently were pulled by the same undercurrent.
The bodies of the six people were later pulled out of the well.
The children was also, the chicken was also pulled out.
It survived.
A thief who sneaked into a hospital was scarred for life when he tried to get a suntan.
After evading security staff at a hospital in Salisbury, Wiltshire and helping himself to doctors' paging devices,
the thief spotted a vertical sunbed.
He walked into the unit and removed his clothes for a 45-minute tan.
However, the high-voltage UV machine at the hospital, renowned for its treatment of burn victims, had a maximum dosage of 10 seconds.
After lying on the bed for almost 300 times the recommended maximum time, the man was covered in blisters.
Hours later, when the bane of the burns became unbearable, he went to another hospital, uh, in Hampshire.
Staff became suspicious because he was wearing a doctor's uniform.
The doctor's coat, um, this man broke into odd stock and decided he fancied a quick suntan.
Doctors say he's going to be scarred for life.
And here's some more intelligence-challenged people.
Uh, Gregory Rosa, 25, with a string of vending machine robberies in January,
uh, one, fled from police inexplicably when they spotted him loitering around a vending machine,
and two, later tried to pay, post his $400.
bail in coins.
Karen Lee Giacchini, 20, was arrested in Lake City, Florida, for robbery of a Howard Johnson's hotel.
She was armed only with an electric chainsaw, which was not plugged in.
And friends, I told you that I had a piece of music that would go just perfectly with, uh, that sort of news,
and, uh, it's, and this'll be good news for many of you friends.
We got a new John Bartle song.
It's called, uh, John Bartle's Tape, in the great and offensive John Bartle's,
here, played on Hour of Slack, for your entertainment and edification.
This one's called Super Predator Safari.
Well, I thought it was.
Here's what Elvis did before he killed Ice-T.
He was a pretty game hunter
In search of something to eat.
Something special.
He had heard the rumors floating around at the local gun show.
He sniffed around for hours because he hadn't heard a story.
Yes, he heard the rumors floating around about the super predator Safari.
He was a super predator Safari.
For those who really like to fight.
For those who really like to fight.


He had searched the world over for the ultimate glory.
And this one was the ultimate.
The super predator Safari.
He ran into a dealer with a large SMG collection.
He hung around for hours just to make the right connection.
He browsed the SMGs.
And asked a lot of questions.
He wanted to make sure that he made the right selection.
He mentioned he was tired of hunting standard games.
He said he was tired of playing the game.
After a while he said, it all begins to look the same.
He was fondling the Goozies and the Walters and the Frankies.
When the dealer looked at him and asked, my friend, do you ever try a super predator Safari?
Oh yeah, it's a super predator Safari.
You got to try it Parker.
I swear you won't be sorry.
If you really, really, really, really, really like to party.
You ought to join us on our super predator Safari.
The premise was quite simple.
On their predatory nature, they were cannibalized.
For faith.
A phony three-way breakdown was utilized.
They tucked it on the shoulder at the edge of the hood in question.
With a wide killing zone of asphalt and concrete, it was an ingenious selection.
The only thing that was left was the
The action started to begin.
Three or four that were heavily armed climbed over the concrete wall.
But before they got ten feet, with one click, he smoked them all.
That way, the road was finished.

Ahod is one of yourogens assisted by what is known as the beleza costume.

Estamos trabajando para buscar algo gigantesco-ful?!?!
You gotta connect with the Super Predator Safari
It isn't for everybody
But if you really like to party
See the man and sign up for the Super Predator Safari
guitar solo
guitar solo
Hide in here burning in the sun
Makes me feel like drinking
Cookies, grub burning in the pot
Makes me feel like drinking
When I go to bed at night
I get right back up
Cause when they turn out the light
It makes me feel like drinking
When I build up a powerful thirst
I quit drinking and I get drunk first
It makes me feel like having one
When I feel like drinking
It makes me feel like having one
When I'm throwing cactus out of my chest
And when I'm throwing cactus out of my lips
And when I'm throwing cactus out of my lips

And when I'm throwing cactus out of my ass
It makes me feel like drinking
When a cowboy's work is done
It makes me feel like drinking
When I feel like havin' fun
It makes me feel like drinking
When I'm upset when I'll have degraded

Swearing my ass off.
The prairie dust, it makes me cough.
And the twisting trail makes me all up.
It makes me feel like drinking.
That was John Bartles, dear friends,
from his new album or tape, Snot.
I'd like to give you an address,
where you can reach John Bartles.
His tapes are not available in any stores.
Just write to John Bartles at
That's P.O. Box 106.
Livonia Center.
L-I-V-O-N-I-A.
Livonia Center, New York.
144-88.
Some Melodys.
The melodic content is of traditional character.
All characters are fictitious, it says here.
So, yes, dear friends, it is...
Yes.
So refined.
So synchronistic.
So recursive.
Oh, I know what else I wanted to mention.
For you Yankees up in the Massachusetts sort of area,
Paul Mavridis is having an art show
from...
From April 10th to June the 1st
in Northampton, Mass.
At the Words and Pictures Gallery
at 140 Main Street.
That's the big art gallery started by Kevin Eastman,
who was one of the co-creators
of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
The fortune that he made
off the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
and his taste in original art
allowed Revelation to be a great place to be.






To be like Foundation X
to get finished at all.
Yeah.
The progressed you.
The Fintu.
The Supreme being con figured.
I'm kind of working on cucum for my computer.
It's not.

It's a mir stehen hmm This is probably my argument.
I don't think you're aware of something lost nowadays invietner and going.


I don't know why,


I don't know what that says. it's not a security place.. It's a對吧 multimedia business service. So, I'matt enable.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to put a pin in that collar.
When it comes to covering the United States,
subgenius tradition calls for propagandistic hack work.
Is that our job, or is that...
Yes, we've taken over this station in hopes of subverting your mind.
We're marching into your head now.
Isn't it cute? They have those little powdered wigs on and three-cornered hats.
They're almost harmless as they march up your spinal cord.
But when they reach your brain, a deadly conflict ensues.
Really? Well, that's very interesting, Dr. Howell.
Now, back to breakfast hour here on the show.
Well, I guess it'll work for the show anyway.
Ladies and gentlemen, it's Dr. Gavofram and his surgical mind-proof.
Look at him go, that flashing steel.
Only one pair of hands in the country could possibly perform with such consummate skill.
It is a ludicrous sight.
Is he daring?
He has not only his hands but his feet to cut the cadaver on the table into an unrecognizable part.
He must be from the Little Hill tribe.
This country must move forward to a new frontier of subgenius radio programming.
Here.
But this promise was to be shattered when on November 22, 1983,
Bob was shattered in both recaps by a terrorist attack.
Bob was thrown into a forest-thrown bomb.
He could never play golf again. It was very sad.
Look at him go on his little cart. Look at him split.
I know. He kept trying to play golf for years after that.
It was embarrassing to be out there on the course.
This little torso would go by in the automated...
Yeah.
And we're back.
Boy, that's a killer.
That's a killer.
But he was young once.
He had a mommy who tucked him in at night.
And an adorable little puppy.
It's called Puddle.
The perplexed Puddle.
Possers probably were a Nazi secret weapon, but that was back in the 40s when...
Too many UFOs piloted by Nazis like Errol Flynn from the center of the Earth
were the reason that the government withdrew its plan...
Maybe I'll duck in. Let's go.
...by his life in a disco.
Look at that little dog go through those doors.
Not as good as a human, though.
Everybody laughs at him, but it just goes...
That's the same way.
You're still laughing?
Oh, Bob, let me smoke.
That's box 140306.
That's box 140306.
That was J.R. Bob.
That was J.R. Bob.
That was J.R. Bob.
Dear friends.
Yeah, it was Bob.
Bigfoot.
No, not Bigfoot.
It was Bob.
Not Bigfoot.
Oh, well, friends.
It's kind of painful to listen to some of that.
That was...
There was some KPFA with puzzling evidence and Dr. Howell.
And some old stuff from Hour of Slack number 113.
That's kind of strange to listen to for me.
That was the...
A previous time when I quit smoking but was not so successful.
It's going to be just fine, but...
Yeah, the impotent sea snakes.
We had established a sales presence at the South by Southwest music trade show in Austin.
Had a big sales booth.
We're selling stuff.
Met lots of people.
Met lots of nice folks and lots of idiots.
And had one old biddy tell me that I needed Jesus.
I was going, Lady Jesus is my business manager.
Christ.
And we were handed dozens of CDs.
And I haven't even listened to most of it.
But there was one band that was handing stuff out that caught my eye.
Because they seemed like a bunch of good old preverts.
It's called the Impotent Sea Snakes.
And they're from Atlanta.
And they're queens or something.
They're guys that dress like girls.
Or they're chicks with something.
And the titles of their songs are things like Porn Star, Felching, Daisy Chain, etc.
They apparently do an elaborate stage show involving dummies and dildos.
And all that kind of Alice Cooper-y, GWAR kind of church of the subgenius-y sort of stuff.
And they're...
They're just...
They just...
I kind of like what they...
What they represent.
I like what they stand for.
Can't play most of the songs on this CD, which is called God Save the Queens.
But they do an interesting cover version of this old disco classic.
And I thought that we all might enjoy it.
Let's listen to it.

What they do?
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
All you feel is you want someone that you can't get
And if all you feel is you better beware
Somebody's out to get your lady
A few of your buddies, they shout, oh, shady
They don't know what's right in their face
And it's great that you're back
And I don't think they'll miss
What they do
Smile like a man, oh, how you'll get away so fast
That, that's how I keep getting
Oh, it's the truth, I'm from my roots, yeah
Oh, what they do, they do
They come to my house again and again and again and again, yeah
Too hard they did to see my woman
Don't even be wholesome, but they shout, they won't call me
What can I do?
I'm too old to get over that chat
I wish they'd take some of these mouths out of my back
What they do
Smile like a man, oh, how you'll get away so fast
That, that's how I get away so fast
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Oh, don't you
What they do
Smile like a man, oh, how you'll get away so fast
That, that's how I keep getting over that side of that blindside



Smile like a man, oh, how you'll get away so fast
That, that's how I get away so fast
You are lunatic, you don't let me bat an eye

You teach me a lesson
Because I can allow him
Yeah, so now I'm honest
Yeah, I'm honest
So settle down
What'd I do?
What?
What?
Yeah, coffee.
Just kidding.
Just kidding.
You're wrong.
It's coffee.
It was March 7th, 1945.
It's coffee.
A gray, chilly day.
The G.I.s were drinking coffee.
That tastes awful.
It's not bad.
What?
It's just coffee.
While some of them
Tastes like the filter.
Good-naturedly groused
About the taste of the coffee.
It wakes America up every morning.
Sure does.
Get up, everybody.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
It tastes awful.
A lot of people feel that way.
Yeah.
Somebody else make it, right?
The 27th Armored Infantry Regiment
They're drinking coffee.
Was drinking coffee
And heavy casualties
Intude among the higher-ranking officers
From the burns of this hot broth.
We're getting some action in there?
Yeah, some coffee.
Yeah, thank you.
The 9th Armored Division
Has been fighting against determined resistance
Since it had crossed the border
Five or more for two weeks ago.
Let me know how you like the coffee
The new brand.
The war seems to be slowly grinding
To a victorious conclusion
As the
Celebrating G.I. Joe's
No more medication.
Chug-a-lug the cup of Joe.
Fifty minutes.
A wonderful camp coffee
At Camp Coffee
Where's the coffee?
Germany.
You know I am
Camp Coffee, Germany.
Lieutenant Paul F. Coffee, Jr.
It's carnivorous.
It is human.
General General McMillan.







And part of Hodger's Army Group.
Move forward to take control
Of the area from here.
I'm here to complete the airborne tour.
Yes, good one.
But why go on there?
Why go on there?
But the coffee.
Poor Hal is fighting the sound effects.
Oh, that old show.
You know, that subgenius show
Predates this one.
It's been going on forever
And ever and ever.
Let's see what they're doing now.
Prior work in this field.
In the field of tumbling toast.
What?
The toast.
Because if you have the coffee
You know, of course, that
The toast you have
Will fall butter side down
On the carpet.
That is a distressing message
To give our listeners
So early in the morning.
It's true though.
We like to bring the truth
To our little callers.
Well, sometimes the truth hurts.
You know, sometimes the doctor
Has to give you a little twinge
In order to cure you.
And sometimes you have to consider
What might be considered
Well, once upon a time
Oh, there he goes again.
There was a girl named
Wendy
Who was very beautiful
And very happy
And had lots of friends
You want coffee?
But then one day
She, she
What?
Uh, she did some heroin
And got addicted
Oh.
And lost everything
And then she died.
And her arms got really long
And she got blurry
And anyway, now let's talk about
The fun stuff.
Let's talk about the toast again.
Once upon a time
It really bothers me.
There was a girl named Wendy
Who was very beautiful
And very happy
She just doesn't have a butt.
But listen.
Paul Jennings in 1950
Had beautiful friends.
She had a beautiful home.
And his report on
Resist essentialism.
Everybody admired her in love.
This seminal work was able
To determine scientifically
The nature of the spread
And the quality of the carpet
Upon which she stumbled.
It's like two radio shows at once.
It's amazing.
It is really amazing.
And, uh, you know, I wonder if, together,
We shouldn't, uh, folks,
Listen to some Firesign Theatre.
When was the last time
You listened to a great big ol'
Steamin' hot bowl of Firesign Theatre?
Well, that's too long.
Um, actually,
Many of, uh, of us, uh,
Improvisational radio loudmouths,
Of course, were, one might say,
Weaned upon that great comedy group,
The Firesign Theatre.
And, um, I've got a,
I was recently given a copy
Of one of their albums
That I had never heard.
And still have not really
Listened to very closely.
Uh, called Eat or Be Eaten.
Um, I, and, uh,
Most old, bizarre weirdos
My age, uh, uh,
Memorized the first four or five albums
By four or five crazy guys,
The Firesign Theatre.
This particular album was done after
They lost David Osman.
Um, and he, uh,
And I haven't heard it.
G. Gordon Gordon gave me a copy of it.
Let's just, and this particular album
Takes the protagonist into, uh,
A video game.
Or a computer, or something.
It's kind of a combination.
This, this album, I think,
Is like almost ten years old.
But it is, of course,
Very prescient in, in that.
Um, we can't go through the entire album.
I think what we'll do is listen to side one.
There's, it's a short one.
I think it's only sixteen minutes per side.
So we'll listen to side one this week.
And, in which the hero goes into the game.
And, uh, next week we'll play side two.
When, in which he, uh,
Escapes from the game.
And, uh, uh, uh,
And, and, and, uh, uh, uh, uh,
Yes.
You're low on oil.
Who isn't?
Oh my god, the game's on.
I got twenty bucks on it.
Radio on.
Yes, I know that.
Hello and welcome to kickoff of the Kutuzoo County Harvest Bowl High School Classic
At Conti Inches Objectors Stadium in Cuddyville.
Sit on a pinhead.
And with me is color man Roy Poland.
Now, beans on you, compadre.
Oyster Panther Band is putting on down there.
They fell out from sideline to sideline.
So long, Ed.
We've got your head.
Well, it's quite a tribute to Mayor, I should say,
Ex-Mayor Ed King-Menos.
Took a real beating in the election yesterday, right, Ubu?
Right, Roy, that was some beating.
But the mayor's still smiling.
And he's still smiling as the oyster black and pink hooks him in the hair.
Kick off.
End over end.

Mayor Ed always had great hang time.
Finally gathered in by the wolves dangerous for men since an ass like Africa.
Come on.
Go, NC.
That boy better hold on tight.
It's still got a lot of oil in his hair.
Whoa, he sags, he sags.
He's digging, he's sagging.
He's sagging.
What?
Oh, taking to midfield.
Just over midfield.
No, no.
Now, depending on the school, which way they turn, the mayor's knows.
Whoa, this is sure exciting, but we gotta go away right now.
I lost my last twenty bucks to mook.
Radio off.
Your door is open.
I know that.
Come on in.
You are here.
Come on in.
You are here.
If it's soft and hard to find, it's Wimpy.
Wimpy software.
We've got the hard ones.
Gagglebacks from InfoNerd.
Wormhole.
Troll Trass.
Fly Duster from ComiCom.
Hugo's mystical head.
Beat off the bats in Drack Attack from HackerCore.
Tired of flipping the mouse?
Jump on our giant joystick.
Clean it every five days.
Ultra boring adventure two?
We've done it.







Got it.
Play with the big boys.
Come on in.
You are here.
Come on in.
GaggleMax is impossible to solve.
Wimpy, look, the stock number's the wrong place on all these invoices.
Who cares?
We're close.
Didn't you close that door?
He's coming in here.
Yo, Wimpy.
Yo, player.
Yo, mook.
Hey, you owe me twenty.
Hey, listen, give me a break.
I need another game.
I just beat GaggleMax.
What?
Beat GaggleMax?
Oh, liar, liar.
Pants on fire.
Hey, can I have that one there behind the cash register?
What's it called?
Eat or be eaten?
We're closed.
You can't have it dangerous.
It's being recalled.
Big bug.
Yeah, bugging it.
I'm not afraid of bugs, guys.
Hey, I tell you what, I got an idea.
I'll bet you twenty against that game, Wimp, that I got a riddle you can't solve.
That's my twenty.
Riddle?
I'm good at riddles.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
I got twenty-five cigar butts.
It takes five cigar butts to make a new cigar.
How many do I smoke?
Five.
Five.
Six.
I smoke all five.
I got five butts left.
I got another cigar.
Give me the game.
Come on.
Give me the game.
That's nice.
Now, listen, not responsible.
You don't know where you got it.
Okay, we're not responsible for this.
Your door is closed.
Okay, what do we got here now?
I hate shrink wrap.
All right, let's see.
Got a booklet.
That's nice.
Oh, got some cards.
Got a map.
Oh, nice map.
What does it say here?
We got four levels, ninety-nine chambers.
Insert the disc at your own risk.
That's cute.
Well, here we go.
Hello, I'm Jackie Stupid.
Today, I'm being taken for a ride, just like you were when you bought me a new car.









I bought this new recall.
It's the new recall, the substandard compact from Kamikaze Motors.
And this is no ordinary drive.
We're heading for the edge of the Grand Canyon to test the new plastic brake system with
a look of real metal that's raised so many eyebrows among surviving American consumers.
This is the Kamikaze recall, voted the most advertised car by Road & Hearst magazine.
Here comes the edge.
Time to hit the brakes.
Oh, I already have.
Then it's time for me to get out.
Get out and get going to your Kamikaze.








And now, let's have a look at the new Kamikaze dealer.
Three to four, the door is hopelessly jammed.
But this seatbelt is broken, so I can use it and smash through the window that never
opens.
So long, laddie.
The Kamikaze recall is a proud sponsor of this game.
Entering Labyrinth, home of the Kudzu Harvest Festival.
One mower.
Moose meat every Tuesday.
Lions eat moose meat Wednesday.
Optimists welcome.
Pessimists say, that's the Labyrinth.
Big red balls, red balls, red balls, red balls.






truck cafe home of the semi-fans listen to lovely caleb in kudzu county music to go
soft re-elect the king and the king minos for mayor that's me i'm not going away
you just missed the thunder moon drive-in featuring a family film festival a smurf
murder at the absolute bottom 27 minutes without traffic fatality defensively we drank
drink now hold it right there player you can't go no further kudzu vines done took over the town
you better get out while you can i think route 66 is still open unless you want to buy a ticket
for the sacrifice i can give you the moose discount if you can give me the moose handshake
we need more men down by the old electric highway sheriff the kudzu's just taking over
kate jeter don't be 27 27 could be a nine 66 could be a 12. high school band and it's got deputy dan
redmond
you have choice death or teaching give me death chief oh you choose death
wise but first a little 27.
is that a bad place oh yes it is high player don't be scared of me either i always tell the truth or
i'm always lying just lying what you having i'll tell you the truth i'm having a beer
give me an air headlight sure but first you gotta answer me this here it comes okay two cretins is
playing 3d chess right two three they plays five times and each wins the same number of games
you want a beer you answer the question how'd they do it that's gonna be a trap um okay it's a draw
there was a draw i i never thought of that you know give me the beer but it ain't right
two three four yeah no no you're probably lying look i can get better numbers out in
the crowd what do you mean two three five they're great excuse me is this uh just you're making a
hole in the top you know such a simple idea she gave me one of them and i put quarters in it and
the wonderful simple thing about it is you you just can't hear the coins you know you can't
shake it and hear the coins of the kids stay away from it and the money just at the top of the coin
accumulates until the bottom drops out.
Just like the market, Donnie.
I once saved about $89 in one.
Don't you wish you knew me then more quickly?
$89?
You know me now.
That's my number.
In the center lies the door that leads to hell.
Then, seek through smoke the clamor of the ghastly bell.
The door that leads to hell?
That's a card clue.
I don't know if the card's in the car.
Oh, that is.
Ghastly bell.
I beg your pardon?
This is playing a game.
I want to buy a little beer.
I'm as dry as the Nile in winter.
You want a beer?
Okay, answer me this.
Two dudes are playing checkers.
They play five games, and they each win the same number of games.
How?
Oh, that's easy.
They weren't playing each other.
Yeah, that's right.
Here you go.
Two airheads.
Thanks, Lutie.
You're good.
What's your name?
Hawkmoth.
Hawkmoth?
It's Egyptian.
Call me.
Laura.
You know, your voice is really familiar.
Oh, I'm a DJ in Labyrinth.
Oh, yeah?
When can I catch a show?
Four in the morning, two in the afternoon, and three at night.
Four, three, two.
That adds up to eight.
Let's try it.
I'm feeling lucky.
Did you know that Johnny Carson ate Cab Calloway's baby to stay slim?
Where did you hear that?
I read it in the toilet.
Curious people want to know.
Did you know there's a place just six feet under the earth where you go when you die?
Where did you pick that up?
I picked it up.
In the toilet.
Here's what you'll find in the toilet this week.
Princess Di gave birth to a 65-pound show horse.
John Kennedy's come back in a spaceship with a super new diet.
Bert is dating John Hinckley to make Warren jealous.
I'm sleeping with Joan Collins, and I don't even know it.
Where did you read that?
In the toilet.
The National Toilet.
Put a quarter in the slot, and we'll wipe the world for you.
A quarter.
Now, that's 25.
There was a 65 and a 6.
Hey, Laura, what do you think?
Hey, where'd the Egyptian DJ go?
She's gone to the airport.
How do I get out there?
Trust me, player.
Try 33.
Okay.
I could be lying.
Hell, but that could be a lie.
I felt very wrong.
Sheep glands?
Because of those champagne glasses, it'd be a flight.
Well, sir, you did insist on ordering in the language of barbarian.
The word for sheep glands is indistinguishable from the word for champagne.
Well, I should have ordered the Diet Coke.
Well, sir, no, then you probably would have been executed.
You see, the word for Diet Cola is indistinguishable from the word for...
Welcome to Barberia, infidel friends.
May I be opening your luggage, please?
Well, this is the American ambassador.
Oh, the ambassador.
Hooray, hooray.
Let's open all his luggage.
Let's open this.
Oh, look at this nice underwear, Mr. Ambassador.
Doesn't it make a fine hat on my head, huh?
It is a gift to you from the American people.
Oh, a gift?
Well, let's party.
Do you have any whiskey, Mr. Ambassador?
No.
Oh, what a shame.
Here, have some of mine.
Oh, I accept this on behalf of the American people.
I squeezed it from my own sheep?
On the other hand...
I could challenge you to a Diet Cola.
No, no, no.
How do you say no?
Just no.
Oh, what's this peeking out from under your underwear?
It's a bottle of whiskey on my head.
Oh, the whiskey head tax here in Barberia is 1,060 caroums.
But you put that bottle of glands on your head.
Diet Cola?
Just pay it, sir.
We're in over our head.
What is the exchange rate?
20 to the dollar.
Well, now, what is the purpose of your visit to Spires?
My good man, this is the new ambassador.
I am here to take over the American embassy.
Oh, that's right.
Lots of fun.
My club and I do it every week.
But you need lots of men with underwear on their head and guns.
Well, player, please come to the game courtesy telephone.
That's Laura.
Hello.
Hello, Laura.
It's player.
Say, look, I'm sorry that we...
Your call is ready, player.
Laura?
Don't leave.
Who's leaving?
Huh?
It's me, Mook.
How you doing with the game?
Oh, I'm in Barberia.
Already?
Did you run into the bunk yet?
No, but I met this DJ.
Yeah, Wimpy told me.
You're gonna get eaten.
You still got my 20?
20?
Thanks for the clue, Mook.
Hey, it's not a clue.
I want my money.
Shoplifters, you're getting away with value.
Listen to what Mrs. G86-T91 of Honor Farm, Missouri, says about value at Shoplifters.
I walked away with over $130 worth of hams in my pants, and it only cost me 50 bucks in 60 days.
Shoplifters, you're getting away with more food.
This week's special, squirrel squares from Road Ready Flat Snacks.
Velcro macaroni sticks to the outside of your ribs.
And stupid Belgium waffles.
And school hats.
Shoplifters, we give you a bigger head start.
Remember, there's no long lines at our checkout counter, because there are no checkout counters.
We just follow you to your car and read you your rights.
Shoplifters, a market that puts you away.
Visit our seven convenience stores in King's Nose.
King's Nose?
I thought I was in Puttyville.
All right, all right, King's Nose.
Here I am.
I go down past the snot rocks here to Puerto Dork.
And to get up around a labyrinth, I take a little walk.



101.
Oh, tricky, tricky.
I use 57.
Hello, hello, I'm Ed Stiffner, the crazy commando.
Ordinance officer at the neighborhood survival gun store.
Want to build up your small arms, Mr. and Mrs. Scaredy Cat Survivor Night?
Has your neighborhood become dangerous to live in because people with different names have moved next door?
Well, you don't have to take it lying down.
But if you are lying down, try our recoilless recliner designer rifle.
You don't have to leave the cozy comfort of your bed to wait.

You can chase that rude intruder or strafe the friggin' rock and roll party across the street.
Tell them how to find us, Fred.
I don't know, man.
Read the paper.
Oh, the paper.
Concrete off the road tire.
Read, I'm adding the paper.
Neighborhood survival gun store is easy to find.
Yeah, I'm here.
We're four flights below the ruins of the beautiful bunker building.
Left face, 14 goose steps, and you're there.
This week, try our survival as special.
Yeah, that's the simple little kit we sell under the counter that converts your harmless .22 caliber starter pistol
into a selective fire 50 millimeter armor piercing weapon system.
It's a bitch.
So shoot first and make friends later.
Yeah.
Set your sights on your neighborhood survival gun store.
Ask for Ed or Fred Stiffner.
That's us, the crazy commandos.
And you'll get free a life-size replica of the alabaster arrow of improbability.
Uh, the weapon that saved or, uh, did it destroy the ancient world, Fred.
Well, I don't know, Ed. I wasn't there, you know.
14 goose steps and...
Hey, I'm off the map.
Hello?
Yo, player.
Yo, Wimpy.
Listen, I'm gonna get in big trouble for giving you that game.
Now, are you off the map yet?
Yeah.
Well, that's one of the bugs. You better turn yourself in.
No way, man. I got a date with a beautiful girl in Labyrinth.
Labyrinth? You can't even get there from there.
Hey, Wimp, look at the map. I'll take, uh, Route 101.
No, no, no. There's only 99 bands on the disk.
I'll take the chance. She's worth it. 101, here I come.
But that's another bug.
No!
Hello, Faber. And welcome to the game.
The game. The game. The game. The game.
The game.
Seven, sir.
Huh? Huh?
Where am I?
This is the pit.
This is the pit.
We've got your head.
Oh, baloney!
Oh, that laser beam nearly made optical weenies out of me.
I gotta get moving.
Hey, I am moving.
It's, it's cold here.
Hey, hey, come on over by the fire, stranger.
You talking to me?
You look cold and lost.
I am.
Just sit on the spit.
Thanks a lot.
Make yourself at home.
And this here's the end of the road.
Sure is.
This here is Donna's past.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah, too bad Donna passed on.
We just had her.
Oh, he just passed her.
Wait a minute.
And eating sure works up an appetite.
Nice to have you for dinner, cuz.
What?
You're a...
Hey, hey, hey!
Get your teeth out of my britches!
Hey, let me out of here!
Help me! Help me!
And dear friends, that is the end of side one of Eat or Be Eaten, the, uh, Firesign Theatre album.
As we come to the close of side two of this subgenius hour of slack radio ministry, and the post office box that you need to write to for information is this one.
Bob.
P.O. Box.
140306.
Dallas, Texas.
75214.
That's the way people leave their phone numbers on my machine.
75214.
And, uh, you can easily email slack at metronet.com or on most of the other social media platforms.


And, uh, you can also use the web browsers.
You can just type in the word subgenius, tell it to go there, and it will go straight to www.subgenius.com.
Where you can hear, among other things, this show again.
It actually sounds quite good now.
It's, it is amazing.
Once again, we must take our hats off and our, or perhaps even our pants off.
To the great Reverend Wanderer, or Wanderer.
Um, also known as Rev, I rend.
I have trouble with pronunciations.
He, he's, uh, he's a whiz kid.
And, and we're whizzing the show over the internet so that you can be listening in Japan like you are right now.
Thank y'all.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
We're all to proclaim the word of God.
I'm thrilled that there are training programs like ours and many other fine ones.
We're on and off game.
Our right is to say, no, I don't want you to search my car.
However, at that time, an officer can, under the law, bring a dog to sniff your car as long as they don't have to hold you too long.
But if it's where it is, where it is.
Turn your radio down, and that way you'll not hear two of us coming at you.
You and an echo.
You and me and a movie star.
The number to call is 800.
If you had a word gay in the Constitution, and you read the Constitution today, would they be talking about homosexuals?
No. The word gay in the law doesn't ever change.
I don't need a, I don't need a weapon, I'm not one.
Dancing on the floor, I can't help but want.
It's a refusal to hope, or it's a refusal to continue to mourn.
And therefore ask God to comfort us.
