However, in order for you to feel, you'll need more than just knowledge.
So we're going to add real experiences to your database.
We want power! We want power! We want power!
We'll be alright!
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
Ladies and gentlemen, please leave your such suggested.
We're having operating difficulties, which has necessitated a delay in the beginning of our Sunday movie.
It's a wonderful life.
No trouble.
Just get set and get going.
Recording.
Everything's going fine.
No problem.
This is Doug Smith, radio operator.
I'm going to bring you a piece of that green cheese for sure.
Bob?
Bob?
Ray!
Bob?
You can read along with me in your book.
You will notice time to turn the page when you hear R2-D2 beep like this.
Let's begin now.
It was a dark time for the rebellion.
After the loss of the Death Star, the evil Galactic Empire intensified its efforts to crush the Rebel Alliance.
Prepare yourself.
You are about to be remade into a new being through forbidden knowledge previously kept secret for centuries by the jealous priesthoods of many religions.
Caution.
Improper viewing techniques may lead in some persons to depression.
Dependency, seizures, cranial fits, priapic conditions, micturition, sternutation, subtle glandular mutations, and in some territories, legal arrest.
However, if the viewer follows instructions and trusts completely in Bob, this tape can produce an unsurpassable beatific experience that can last for hours, days, weeks, possibly even centuries.
This videotape bears a patented Dobbsdrome PowerShell timecode.
Which makes it easy to use.


cause some home video decks to react unpredictably.
Although only a small percentage of playback systems or their owners have suffered permanent
damage from this signal, the subgenius foundation incorporated is not responsible for injuries
or damages inflicted by paranormal events during tape play mode.
The tape also contains a subliminal hypnopediatrics trance inducement tone operating beyond the
range of human perception.
However, pets in the viewing room may exhibit unusual behavior as may small children and
certain less evolved adults.
If such behavior anomalies last more than two days after viewing, consult a physician.
However, this brainwave enfolding signal is generally harmless.
The message is now part of and registered in your subconscious mind.
Every time you say, see, hear, or think, that's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
We are controlling transmission.
However, this brainwave enfolding signal is generally harmless.
It is a very powerful signal, and should actually enhance your learning abilities during
the program.
Special interactive holosonic stereo effects produced on the Ultomate Cerebral Sync Lock
Interocitor are designed to trigger stem cleavage or brain division between the forebrain and
hindbrain.
Using newly discovered break-thinking principles, the viewer's brainwaves are locked into synchronization
with the tape's underlying suggestions by means of neuroelectric pulses.
Plant growth and gas mileage of nearby automobiles may be affected.
For the unworthy, this tape may be a one-way ticket down a bottomless mental pit from which
there can be no escape.
In unreceptive viewers, there is a danger of synaptic backfire in the brain pan caused
by overheating of the attention gland.
This dense packing of brain cells without proper organic coolants, such as FROP, has
been blamed for three recent cases of spontaneous human combustion.
Do not over-medicate.
High dosages have so sensitized the third nostril receptors of some viewers that they were unable
to stop seeing the tape even after it had been turned off.
This tape is to be used only by the person to whom it is prescribed.
Do not operate a motor vehicle following viewing.
Do not operate heavy farm machinery at speeds over 70 miles an hour.
The demons you may see during the initial hallucination sequence are not real.
If you do not panic, this phase will end after a few minutes.
Always resurface from the hypnosis slowly.
Coming out of the tape has been likened to a total rebirth process, if managed successfully.
If you have trouble re-entering the earth plane, focus on Bob and chant his name until
you remember your own.
And what exactly does this do for them?
It causes them to forget everything they've learned and prepares their mind for the slate-like
impression, the imprinting of the true subgenius.
For the next hour, sit quietly and we will control all that you see and hear.
We are conscious of our responsibility and obligation to provide programs which will
be enjoyable, entertaining, and tasteful.
There is absolutely no doubt.
There is absolutely no doubt.
There is absolutely no other possibility.
Copyright 1986 by the Subgenius Foundation and the participants.
And now you are ready for the final 200,000 mile void.
Do not attempt to flip the tape when you reach the end of side one.
No matter what you are told by later instructions on the tape, there is no side two.
However, if you do discover one, don't look at it.
If you follow these instructions, you will experience a profound cathartic reaction to
the flow of archetypal images and racial memories.
You may find yourself laughing and crying convulsively and even astrally projecting.
These are normal.
Enjoy them.
.
You are about to participate in a great adventure.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to...
The Soap Genius Hour of Swat!
Welcome to the Soap Genius Hour of Swat!
I will be with you for the next 30 minutes.
Welcome, dear friends, to the Soap Genius Hour of Swat!
Swat! Swat! Swat!
Swat!
Swat!
Ah, yes, dear friends.
So good.
So good to be back.
What happened to the turntable one over here?
Well, friends, yes, I was on a mission for Bob last week.
It's true.
Frightening.
Particularly frightening mission for Bob.
Oh, there we go.
There we go.
This is a, believe it or not, this is a record by a band called Slack.
And the record is called Slack.
And the song is called Slack Attack.
It's not that.
It's not that.
It's not that.
It's not that.
It's not that.



Oh, I had a great weekend, folks, at the, uh, Fantasy Fair, which is over with now.
We had a devival down there, believe it or not.
Couldn't announce it last week because I was out of town and forgot about it the week before.
But, uh, I'm not gonna play any excerpts from that devival because, frankly, friends, I just wasn't in top form.
Um.
Uh.
Uh.
Uh.

Uh.

Uh.


Not during the revival. Afterwards, I had a great time, dear friends.
I'm mighty. I got slack. I got slack, dear friends.
Oh, yes.
But during the revival, I had just read the news about the KNON's licensing problems.
And I was just too depressed to rant properly.
I mean, I never hated the conspiracy more.
For those of you who didn't know, well, the judge decided against KNON.
For now. For now.
But you know how that makes me feel about religions I didn't used to hate?
I had a whole rant prepared about that, and I'm not going to get into it because, well, we have to be real careful about slanting.
But in the meantime, I've got a little bit of...
These are excerpts, roughly.
These are cuts from the soundtrack of the Subgenius video, which is what I was working on last week in San Francisco
with the mighty Dr. Hal Robbins from the San Francisco radio show doing the narration.
So, I did have a good time.
Yeah.
Yeah.

Slack.
Slack.
Little realized, even by leading scientists, there are really only two races,
actually two distinct species of so-called human beings.
If you gaze upon any given street, normally you might never suspect that only some of these people are true humans.
Outside appearances offer no clue that among them there are real humans.
But among this ordinary-looking crowd, on an ordinary day, a certain number of these people are actually subgeniuses.
We would have to creep inside their heads to know whether this person or that carries the rare subgenius gene.
But once inside those heads, we would discover a vast new universe, a new dimension,
coexisting not always in harmony alongside.
The mundane, workaday world of the common human.
Another world that until now has been forced into hiding.
Now, at this very moment, the veils of secrecy can be torn aside.
We, the persecuted, may now dare to raise our heads high and declare,
Behold us, for we are the subgeniuses.
But what is a subgenius?
How can they, we,
differ so much from the humans, whose nonsensical laws and customs we have been forced to obey?
Why have so many of us been kept in ignorance of our true heritage?
I...
Examine this seemingly docile crowd,
and know that in some few,
simmering beneath a placid surface,
there broils a veritable cauldron of repressed subgenius awareness,
ready at any moment to be destroyed.
And at any moment to explode outward,
often with catastrophic results.
Look at the word subgenius.
It doesn't simply mean just below a genius.
The intelligence level of subgeniuses can range far, far below genius.
It's not the so-called intelligence that really matters after all, but how it is used.
The subgenius does not pretend to super-knowledge,
but is a subgenius.
But to sub-knowledge.
Knowledge of the under-things.
The hollow earth from whose darkness issue the Nazi hell-creatures and other demons of the abyss.
It is in contemplation of these under-things,
the underwear lurking just below the clothing of existence,
that the subgenii display what genius they have.
The study of this substratum, the foundation garment underlying reality,
is the subgenius' strength.
For it is from this source that he or she
taps the infinite resources of a force that is completely incomprehensible to humans.
The force of Slack.
The conspiracy media, unable to ignore the church,
has attempted to discredit it as a mere joke, a pathetic satire.
The reason?
Slack is simply beyond their emotional grasp.
Slack.
What is it?
Well, if you have to ask, you'll probably never know.
You were born with original Slack, an infinite supply of it.
But the conspiracy has most of it now.
They don't even know what it is, but that hasn't stopped them from stealing it away.
How do you think you ended up a slave to their so-called world?
Work.
True Slack is, by definition, indefinable.
It is a kind of direct perception, unfettered by common sense.
It is not merely laziness.
It is rather a kind of active sloth.
Slack in its pure form makes happiness seem like agony by comparison.
Next to Slack, the nirvana known to mystics and saints
is like endless toil.
It is like a

a
sly

sly

sly
a
sly
a
sly
ly
sly
sly

sly
tried to make it something which we've been led to believe we must work to buy.
It is this yearning for slack that separates us from them.
The human may live out his entire life in a grinding cycle of slacklessness,
his hours consumed by meaningless toil, interspersed with meaningless leisure.
Yet he never feels cheated. He thinks it's natural.
Perhaps we should pity them, but face it, most people are venal jerks,
half-witted cattle racing each other to be first to the slaughterhouse,
and stampeding you along with them.
Moses went up to the mountain high to find out from God why did you make us. Why?
Secret words in a secret room. He said,
Wop, bop, a-loo, bop, a-lop, bam, boom.
I did not put you here to suffer. I did not put you here to whine.
I put you here to die. I put you here to die.
She here to love one another.
And the Jiddas have a good time now, now, now.
Let my people go, go, go. You gotta let my people go, go, go.
Let my people go, go, go. You gotta let my people go.
Joshua picked a battle in Jericho.
He tell the boys with the horns, get down and blow.
They rear back, aim their bells at the stars.
He said, Feed me, big daddy. Hey, to the bar.
I did not put you here to suffer. I did not put you here to whine.
I put you here to love one another.
And the kid I play I have a good time now, now, now
Let my people go, go, go
You gotta let my people go, go, go
Let my people go, go, go
You gotta let my people go
What I say
Now, Jesus went out for a walk with his mother
The scribes and the Pharisees, plot and hugger-mugger
They locked him up and they threw away the key
He said, why is everybody always picking on me?
I did not put you here to suffer
No, I did not put you here to whine
I put you here to love one another
And the kid I play I have a good time now, now, now
Let my people go, go, go
You gotta let my people go, go, go
Let my people go, go, go
You gotta let my people go, go, go
You gotta let my people go, go, go
You gotta let my people go, go, go
You gotta let my people go, go, go
You gotta let my people go
Oh

Hey
All right
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
We interrupt this program for a special promotional announcement.
Yes, dear friends.
Well, and I think this says something for just how much freedom this station has.
But Jeff, the station manager, just came in and said,
Why you going read my rant, my angry rant about what they would have done to this station?
And he said, Go ahead and read it.
So I'm going to.
What do you gentlemen like to escort Reverend Stang out and lock him out of this place?
In all reality, help me somebody.
She ain't got no legs.
Pull the lever down and go.
My legs are on fire.
They smell praise dogs.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Now, when I started into this subgenius business,
it was not, believe it or not, it was not out of hatred or spite.
I personally had no bone to pick with any religion.
Believe it or not, I hadn't been damaged by any of them as a kid.
And even though this whole church is a fanatical attack on fanaticism,
I certainly never had anything against any particular religion.
Only certain practitioners have said.
But I got back to town from San Francisco to discover,
that the judge decided to give K&ON's license to the Baptists.
And you know how that makes me feel, friends?
It makes me hate Christianity.
Now, that's a horrible thing to say, isn't it?
Not, some of you would go, yeah, right on.
But I mean, I know personally that Jesus Christ woke up Friday morning in heaven.
And when he read in the Times Herald that this travesty of justice,
had happened, he said to himself,
these money changers who have taken my name and used it as an excuse to shaft
the people of whom they are jealous, they shall pay for their sins.
And I think it's about time I came back down to earth, Jesus said.
But this time I come as a sword, an avenging warrior,
and I'd best call up my old drinking buddy, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Friends, the money changers are in the temple.
All last year, people would say to me,
Reverend Stang, aren't you afraid the fundamentalists are going to succeed
in robbing us of our freedoms and turning this country into a fascist Nazi state?
And I'd say, no, those people make a lot of noise, but they're such a minority.
I mean, really, folks, 80% of the real Americans laugh at those idiots behind their backs.
But now, oh, now it's beginning, it is beginning to look like the average yuppie
doesn't even care if a superstitious fool wrecks the kids' education by censoring textbooks.
I guess the average yuppie American doesn't have enough soul left
to worry about preserving the spirit of rock and roll.
Well, Bob Dobbs wants to preserve the spirit of rock and roll,
because rock and roll is not powered by Satan at all.
If anybody's doing the work of God, then it's the spirit of God.
If anybody's doing the work of Satan, it's the fundamentalist so-called Christians,
because they make Jesus look so evil, so vindictive, so petty,
that they drive the smart people away from religion
and attract only the mean bullies and the guilt-ridden perverts
and the losers that have to cluster together and feed each other's illusions with lies.
And they do affect our lifestyles now.
They certainly do mine.
It's making me more cantankerous by the minute.
It makes us have to use shock value on this show.
Another thing, as far as I'm concerned, about these fundamentalist evangelicals
is that they're racist.
They're the most racist people in the country.
They love to talk love and brotherhood,
but if you want to know how they really talk and act,
you have to make them think you're one of them.
I deal with evangelicals on my job all the time,
and they never know that I'm really Ivan Stang,
sacred scribe of the Church of the Subgenius.
They think I'm a nightmarish,
young film editor.
And they'll look over their shoulder to make sure there aren't any non-whites around,
and they make the nastiest, sleaziest race jokes you ever heard.
I know how they think because I grew up with them,
but they don't know how I think,
and they don't know how you think.
Now what does this tell you?
It tells you, friend, that they are of low intelligence,
lower than a subgenius,
and that's saying something.
They may have started out smart enough,
but they dived into a belief system,
that makes their minds so lazy,
that they lose the ability to think.
But they think we're evil.
Oh yes, old Reverend Stang, he's an evil man because he cusses.
You're an evil man because you smoke.
Now young lady, you're evil because you dance.
And I'm an evil man when I try to say that they perverted the word of Jesus,
and turned them into the words of the conspiracy.
Now, Jesus H. Christ was one of the most anti-conspiracy,
guys there ever was until Bob.
But friends, your Jerry Falwell is to Jesus what the Ayatollah Khomeini is to Mohammed,
and what Stalin was to Marx,
and what Richard Nixon was to Thomas Jefferson,
and what the Bobbies are to Bob Dobbs.
Now right now, I'd say that as ridiculous as the Bible can be,
J.R. Bob Dobbs is the best friend Jesus has had,
and the so-called Christians are his worst enemies,
just as the Bobbies are Bob's worst enemies.
Why do you think Bob staged his own quote,
assassination, unquote?
Same reason Jesus did, to get away from his fan club.
Bob and Jesus, neither one of them looking for followers,
they're looking for equals, and that's a hard search, friends.
The person that's equal to Bob and the fighting Jesus,
in terms of knowing how to have a good time,
these people are few and far between, I'm afraid.
And I'm sorry it's so unfunny tonight,
but you know, this church, as we've said before,
this church could be the greatest joke ever told.
But only, only, dear friends, if Earth can make it to the punchline.
Some take the Bible for what it's worth
When it says that the meat shall inherit the earth
And some sheik has bought New Jersey last week
And you suckers ain't gettin' nothin'
Is Harirama really wrong
If you wander around with a napkin on
With a bell on a stick
And your hair in a hat?
The church is all gone
The geek shall inherit nothin'
You say your life's a fun deal
And you're up against the wall
Well, people, you ain't even got no kind of deal at all
Cause what they do in Washington
They just take care of the people
Yeah!
From number one
And number one
And you
You ain't even number two
Old Jesus freaks
Well, they're friendly, but
They don't even want to talk about God
The shit they believe
Has got their minds all shut
And they don't even care
When the church takes a cut
Ain't it bleak when you got so much nothing?
So what do you do?
Hey!
Eat that pork
Eat that ham
Laugh till you choke on Billy Graham
Moses, Aaron, and Abraham
They're all a waste of time.
And it's your ass that's on the line.
It's your ass that's on the line.
Do what you wanna.
Do what you will.
Just don't mess up your neighbor's thrill.
And when you pay the bill, kindly leave a little tip.
And help the next poor sucker on his one-way trip.
Some take the fine.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Oh, give me half a dozen for the hotel room.
Oh, my.
Hotel room.
They are wherever we're from.
We should have noticed by now.
Our behavior is dumb.
And if our chances expect to improve,
it's gonna take a lot more than trying to remove the other race
or the other whatever from the face of the planet altogether.
They call it the Earth,
which is the Earth of the Earth.
Earth is a dumb kind of name.
But they make it right because we behave the same.
We are dumb all over.
Dumb all over.
Yes, we are.
Dumb all over.
Near and far.
Dumb all over.
Black and white.
People, we is not a reptite.
Birds on the left.
Birds on the right.
Religious fanatics on the air every night.
Seeing the Bible tells the story.
Makes the details sound real gory about what to do.
We are the geek.
We are the geeks over there.
Don't believe in the book we got over here.
You can't run a race without no feet.
And pretty soon there won't be no street
for dummies to jog on or doggies to dog on.
Religious fanatics can make it be all gone.
I mean, it won't blow up and disappear.
It'll just look ugly for a thousand years.
You can't run a country by a book of religion.
Not by a heap or a lump or a smidgen of foolish rules.
Of ancient history.

Designed to make you all feel great.
While you fold, spindle, and mutilate
those unbelievers from a neighboring state.
Two arms.
Two arms.
Hooray, that's great.
Two legs ain't bad.
Unless there's a crate they ship the parts to mama in.
For souvenirs.
Two years.
Get down.
Not his, not hers, but what they hate.
The good book says it's gotta be that way.
But their book says, revenge the bruisey.
Hey, we can't really be dumb if we're just following God's orders.
Let's get serious.
God knows what he's doing.
He wrote this book here.
And the book says he made us all to be just like him.
So if we're dumb, then God is dumb.
And maybe even a little ugly on the side.
.
Dumb all over.
A little ugly on the side.
Dumb all over.
A little ugly on the side.
Dumb all over.
A little ugly on the side.
Dumb all over.
A little ugly on the side.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Dumb all over.
This is Frank Zappa from I believe it's the Them or Us album.
A little earlier, I played
some of the Rainmakers.
I'm going to play a little more of that.
And in between, of course,
we're playing the soundtrack.
It's not actually the soundtrack
from the Subgenius video
because that'll be intercut
with a lot of revival footage
from our Subgenius shows.
Anyway, I'll be carrying on
with that in a minute here.
Friends, I'm going to cut in.
I'm going to read this box number again
at the end of the broadcast,
so have your pencil ready.
But if you want to write for information
from the Church of the Subgenius,
that's Bob, write to Bob
at P.O. Box 140306,
Dallas, Texas, 75214.
And I'm going to give that box number again
a little bit later on.
But first, I've had a lot of calls,
and I think some of y'all need to know more
about the mighty Word of Bob.
Oh, yeah.
Wouldn't you love
like revenge on these mediocritans,
these pink boys,
these box-dwelling Barbies and Kens,
these normals who have made normality the norm?
Pinks.
Pinks are but living stereotypes,
insensate meat puppets
and mere food tubes
who lack and fear
the spark of originality
that ignites every subject in this song.
But the long, senseless march into slacklessness
may soon come to an end.
It won't be without a bitter struggle,
but at least there is hope.
For in this, the 20th century,
we have seen the coming of a symbol,
a beacon of slack,
a banner behind which we may unite.
It is the coming of J.R. Bob Dobbs
and his mighty Church of the Subgenius.
Is there a typical subgenius?
Of course not.
The very thought is blasphemy.
The only thing that most subgeniuses have in common
is that they're all different
and they have nothing in common with the conspiracy,
the pink meat masses which grope and clutch around us.
The Church is, shall we say, a disorganized religion
which theoretically should not exist
simply because it's composed of people
who are not joining us.




They share spring and fall.
It's learning and understanding
that makes them unique.
And I read that several times,
and I read that in compare to those who call themselves
an animals.
But that's a long story of science 말씀�ation .
You know how much your days are from our shadows?
Hundreds of long lives
The Ohioan epic is also a tale ofан out of plain sight.









the wise men
found that


Stay the night
and be aware
of the






thousands





destitute

Hormonger, a sleazy con man foisting his dangerous scam off on gullible suckers.
Well, dear friend, J.R. Bob Dobbs isn't some outmoded, overused deity from ancient fairy tales,
but a living, bleeding deity for today.
The divinely appointed messenger of slack,
the mystic super salesman upon whose wheeling and dealing skills the fate of this universe hinges.
Born to humble parents somewhere in the Midwest,
the child Bob experienced a traumatic, close encounter with a UFO at the age of three.
Soon thereafter, he began to exhibit strange powers of persuasion.
By age six, he had made his first million almost by accident.
In college,
he met and married his first and still his primary wife, Connie,
who is now revered by female subgeni as the blessed anti-virgin.
With Connie's encouragement, the young Dobbs became a salesman of legendary and almost frightening abilities,
known to his peers as the man who could sell anything.
He worked his way up to the very top of the conspiracy ladder and might have saved it.
But...
late one night in 1953,
while working on an amateur television of his own design,
an event occurred which was to become a milestone in man's mind path to slack.
He was suddenly seized up in the spirit by the hand of Jehovah One itself,
the cosmic puppeteer of the Old Testament,
the wrathful alien space god from some corporate sin galaxy.
In this timeless moment, which we call the divine immaculation of the Bob,
Dobbs received the first of countless brain-curdling pronouncements
which formed the sacred prescriptures of the church.
He was shown a vision, a world where all humanity was equally wealthy, rich beyond imagining,
but without working.
This experience, combined with his UFO-given sales magic,
led him inevitably into the religion field.
He quickly discovered the golden rule embodied in his classic saying,
they'll pay to know what they really think.
The true subgenius can learn to think for himself,
but only Bob can show him how.
And so, Bob Dobbs founded his church upon a sandy beach of common sense,
sense of humor, and...
dollars and cents.
A likely story, you say.
But it's simple, really.
Bob is lucky, not smart.
In fact, by the perverted conspiracy standards of intelligence,
he's gifted with incredible stupidity.
He lives in a perpetual state of contracted consciousness.
This enables him to act without thinking,
to effortlessly surf the luck plane,
to float down the fabled path of least resistance,
to, in fact, make a million dollars each time he screws up.
Thus, it is not his wisdom, but his divine follies,
his holy blunders which we emulate.
The miracle is not in what Bob does to you,
but in what he allows you to do to yourself.
He brings the student to the realization that
everything you know is true.
Pull the wool over your own eyes, he admonishes,
and you may finally relax in the safety of your own delusions.
Under the conspiracy, you're being ripped off every day,
but you can learn to enjoy it.
You can choose the way you're gonna get screwed.
Some ways are fun.
Dobbs journeyed to Tibet,
and under ancient holy men,
he perfected the arts of glandscaping and acupatting.
He also began modeling for hundreds of magazine ads,
leaving early clues of his presence.
These old ads are the only known photos of Dobbs,
for he otherwise remains elusive,
shunning both the spotlight and the authorities.
In 1979, he recruited two randomly selected nobodies,
Dr. Philo Drummond and Ivan Stang,
to begin a public outreach arm,
and spread his seed word of slack.
The church is now subjected to constant harassment
and attacks from every corner,
which only serves to illustrate how much they fear his message.
Some call us Satanists,
or the mockers prophesied in the Bible as harbingers of the end times.
Still others dare to deny that Bob exists at all.
But if that were so,
who posed for all those magazine ads in the 50s?
The feminist dupes of the conspiracy charge
that not enough members are women.
Bob would agree to that.
Indeed, he would say,
there will never be enough women,
but at least the ones we have are all women.
And Bob?
Bob is all men.
The James Bond of Zen masters,
the most dashing religious leader of his time,
and someone who needs pół to97.
Every small word you say
is said for the rest of your life.
You're the greatest man that ever existed.
You are one.
Lovers of all countries.
You're NOT ?
They still feel like they have no one as good,
but only as they see their life.
Why don't you ask your woman?
Sin Galaxy
Bob is a sex god
Bob is a sex god
Bob is a sex god
They think Bob is a just man
They think Bob is a good man
But they don't believe that Bob is the son of Jehovah One
Alien space god from a corporate sin galaxy
Alien space god from a corporate sin galaxy
Bob is a sex god
So what's next?
Is he going to be on the internet and say
this is a mystic culture, this is a political universe
Well what the hell is left?
Elvis Presley's a fat monster
the Ramones are covering the Chambers brothers
What the hell is left?
The church of the sub-genius children
Say it with me brother Doug
We may just be a joke
But it's a joke you can believe in
Who's in charge of the fools?
Children! Children! Children! If a Joseph is an honest, natural-minded, open-minded, he doesn't make history. He just exploits it.
Hi, Bob!
Right, Bob? Bob? Bob?
Through subversive measures, Devo passes on the word of Bob by, if you take a look at our last album cover,
his name's been airbrushed into the rubber hairlines of each of the band members, right next to the word sex.
Do Bob and sex go hand in hand?
Well, Bob is a kind of total, all-consuming sex.
Bob and sex go hand in hand.
There's nothing but the up and low.
There's nothing like some in and out.
There's nothing more than what you know.
Yes!
About the only slack that I get anymore is worshipping at the holy temple of Ioni.
Oh, my!
For Bob, my friend, Bob is a sex god.
Ain't a bigger abomination in the world than women wearing men's clothes and men wearing women's clothes and people being perverts.
That's the...
Uh...
Two of the greatest sins in the world is idolatry, witchcraft, homosexuality, and men and women wearing...
...the clothes of the opposite sex.
It's abomination.
And whosoever do it is abomination.
And there's more people today.
Their minds are perverted.
Their life is perverted.
And they've been given over to a reprobate mind.
So many people today.
Even people that aren't homosexual.
Their minds are perverted.
It's filled with filth.
And it's filled with all the ungodliness and wickedness that comes from the pit of hell.
And you see it on television.
You see it in the movie houses.
And you see it on the...
...on the market stand.
Yes, and I hope to see more of it, friends.
Hey, how about that?
Shucks, all you have to do is look around you.
Female body parts are available just about anywhere.
Ah, yes.
Or pick up some picture books with a free or a missing clip.
You know, there is nothing wrong with that filthiness and ungodliness.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Well, this is...I usually don't play more than one...
What?
Ooh.
I don't usually play more than one song by a given band.
But I really like this band.
And I like this song because this song is really about...
It defies the conspiracy programming about so-called good looks.
Shall we say?
And, uh, I don't know.
I always identified with this band.
The Rainmakers, once again.
One, one, two, one, two, three, four!
I want a big black blonde to hold my hand
To keep the skinny boy from blowin' away in the wind
I want a big black blonde
Whoo!
Whoo!
A big black blonde
Mama, mama, mama, keep your skinny girls at home
Cause this skinny boy wants a big black blonde
Me and my big black blonde, we like to fight and scratch
I know I'll be the loser of the wrestling match
With a big black blonde
Whoo!
There's a big black blonde
Mama, mama, mama, keep your skinny girls at home
Cause this skinny boy wants a big black blonde
Well, I'm talkin' six foot eight, I'm a big black blonde

Let's read forty, thirty, forty
And my side and bottom shelf's tall, deaf and dirty
Talkin' six foot blonde
I'm a blonde
I'm a blonde!
Well, me and Jay Salinger were sittin' on your porch
I wanna date with your sister
I'm new and he's power
A big black blonde
Inside everybody there's a big black blonde
If you don't believe me, take a look around
Big black blonde
Everywhere big black blondes
Mama, keep those skinny girls at home
Cause skinny little me wants a big black blonde
A big black blonde
A big black blonde
Big black blonde
Yes, Bob Dobbs is a sex god
He has come and keeps coming again and again
Not to forgive your sins
But to rationalize them
To justify your sins
Rather than forgiveness, he offers something far more powerful
An excuse
A divine
All-inclusive excuse
Which allows the bearer to free himself from the grip of temptation
By overindulging in it
Until it releases him
The true seeker must give himself up to temptation
Or he will never conquer it
As Bob says
Too much is always better than not enough
The sad, weakly self-denial preached by the New Age movement
Is pure conspiracy pablo
The true son or daughter of Bob knows that our universe is no laid-back, home-chanting cosmos
But an active, tumultuous, squirting universe
Bent on rampant reproduction and easy grins
The false cults may try to teach personal transformation
Psychic development
Human potential
But Bob goes straight for the glands
And seeks to amplify the self
To bloat the abnormality potential of his pupils
Only through excess can one contact the lower self
Where the real decisions are made
Don't just eat a hamburger
Eat the hell out of it
The advanced initiate
Once freed from conspiracy programming
As well as the worldly goods that had enslaved him
Makes his pilgrimage to Dobbs Town
The church's fabulous home
And the fabulous walled encampment deep in the jungles of Malaysia
There, the initiate's third nostril is surgically opened by psychic surgeons
Allowing him or her to whiff-read the psychic stench of those around him
He masters the mystic sciences of schizophreniatrics and memory editing
Creating a clean slate on which Bob may write
The art of excremeditation is taught
Whereby the mind is voided upon the great throne of relief
What is it that truly sets Bob apart from other would-be holy men and self-appointed gurus?
Everything
For Bob has always existed
There have always been Bobs
Every epoch of man's history has had its Bob
Most were what we would call good Bobs
Others, well, we needn't dwell on that
The traveling salesman jokes of mythology are based on his early exploits
So many ask, is Bob God?
The slack master himself vehemently denies that he is the Messiah
His mission is merely to show us how to live with our sins
And who better?
For Bob admits that he's a sinner
In fact, he practically embodies all the facts
And the failings of mortal men
Bob is merely the foremost of what he calls
Short-duration personal saviors
Or, Shorderper-savs
It is foolish and cowardly to cling to any one personal savior
The hectic pace of modern life demands disposable saviors
Specific ones suited to the moment at hand
A sort of while-you-wait, do-it-yourself religion
And don't let the fact that Bob is a white man fool you
His church truly spans the globe
And embraces all races, creeds, and several sexes
Some undiscovered
The subgenius race is the master race
Because it comes in all colors
Besides his own exaggerated human nature
And the powers granted by Jehovah One
Bob also benefits from being the chosen broker on Earth
For superior beings from the furthest reaches of none
And for the so-called men from Planet X
Or, X-ists
For they're nothing like men
Bob has a covenant with these angelic beings
A cosmic contract
A deal
On July 5th, 1998, 7 AM
The X-ists shall make a mass landing on this planet
The children of Bob shall be rewarded at this foretold rupture
This day of judgment
All those who paid their church dues
Will be lifted up in power and glory
To gain new homes and bodies
Aboard the pleasure saucers of the sex goddesses
All the while watching the hapless pinks
Bleat and wail in the death throes of their world
And we faithful shall be transfigured into new enlightened beings
Superior mutants
Called Overmen and Uberwomen
Who will start a new Jerusalem
In the promised land of Dimension X
Asgard
The Zone of Eternal Slack
And Cytospasmic Ooze-squirt
But what is the commodity with which Bob will bargain for the spite?
Some claim it is the souls of his followers
The true subgenius does not question Bob's wisdom in such matters
We have only our simple faith that heaven will be ours if only we believe
Ironically, his mission will not be to sell the earth
But to prevent earth being sold
And transformed into a kind of Stuckys in space
But this plan will succeed only if conditions are just right at the appointed time
Otherwise, dark forces of antiquity will be awakened from their slumber of aeons
And rise again from Atlantis
To rule our world in their sizeless grip
These primordial elementals
The Elder Gods
Have countless demonic and interplanetary minions
Carrying out their unholy schemes
Such entities of legend and nightmare
As the dreaded Nigi
And Gbrogfran the Unpronounceable
Indeed, they even control Bob's own evil twin brother
Dick Dobbs the Unclean
With all his powers, couldn't Dobbs really be defeated by these beings?
But you must not underestimate the conspiracy
Its weapons are so insidious that even the human conspiracy leaders are unaware of them
The fact that the conspiracy itself is ignorant that it is
A conspiracy gives it such control over our minds
That the very thought becomes unthinkable
That's right dear friends
And it'll be unhearable too if the appeals over the next year or two or three don't work out
And this station gets beat out by the conspiracy
Well, Ron Lindsey called a little while ago and said that he was going to be about ten minutes late
By the way
Dear friends, you're listening to the Hour of Slack radio ministry
The radio arm of the church of the subgenius
Here on KNON 90.9 FM in Dallas, Texas
Now, so I've got about ten more minutes to expel the word of Bob out of the pores of all the faithful
And into your ears
Now what you've been hearing is that Bob's the only one who's ever been in the church
And what you've been hearing was, as I said before, a rough cut of the soundtrack of the subgenius video
Minus the devival scenes
And actually, the video itself is really narrated by Hal Robbins from San Francisco
Who's about to sing for you
But in the process of putting the thing together, we recorded that extra narration for the radio
But in the meantime, friends, let's get off of these words
And hear this great old spiritual, this subgenius spiritual
I'm sure many of you have heard this one before
From Dr. Hal
He's Bob
Bob don't ever change
He's Bob
Always will be Bob
His face is the one big assembly
Of dots that shine in the dark
His grin is the one that looks friendly
But so does the grin of a shark
He's Bob
Bob don't ever change
He's Bob
Always will be Bob
His hair is the one with the highlight
That shines on the pompadour
That glimmers and gleams in the twilight
It's clear he knows what it's for
He's Bob
Bob don't ever change
He's Bob
Always will be Bob
His pipe is the one with the dottle
That rains on the roofs like fire
His neck is the one with the wattle
In flaming folks' desire
He's Bob
Bob don't ever change
He's Bob
Always will be Bob
Yes, thank you, Dr. Hal
That was lovely, that was just beautiful
Oh, and friends, once again, that mighty P.O. box
To which you may write for information
About the Church of the Subgenius
And, you know, you ain't no telling
What kind of things you get from the Church
Once you have that information
In your sweaty palm
Your hairy, hairy palm
Praise Bob
And that P.O. box is
P.O. box 140306
Dallas, Texas 75214
Help me, somebody
Once again, that's P.O. box 140306
Dallas, Texas 75214
Pinker, my Bob, than thee
Pinker than thee
Though pink boys are everywhere
Pinker than me
Pinker, my Bob, than thee
Pinker, my Bob, than thee
Pinker, my Bob, than thee
Pinker than thee
And so on
Yes, my baby knows
P.O. box 140306
Bob, in fact, is sex
And all that comes in sex
That is the very inness
And surroundingness of the union
Of both the enum and the uni
And not just hetero sex
All sex
Bob does not choose to phonulate
Bob has the tune of one time
Has to phonicate
And not just with women
Not just with men
With animals, with plants
From the faithful oak tree in his backyard
To the mighty wheels of the brining deep
As the fairy earth it says
That was fun
Doctor!
No, please, doctor, I beg you
Does this hurt?
Does this hurt?
No!
Doctor, please
No, wait, can you wait?
It is a time of flagrant immorality
A time when the old standards have crumbled
As if hit by history's greatest tidal wave
Of filth and perversion and sexual promiscuity
Undreamed of even five years ago
America's theater marquees
Screen every kind of degeneracy known to man
From witchcraft and occultism
To devil worship and necrophilia
Raw sex is peddled in every drug store
While the nation's mailmen stagger
Under a burden of filth that pours off the press
