Three ways clean, it's called get clean.
This is the sound of my brain.
Then I said, this is the sound of my brain on...
The Soap Genius.
Hour of Swatch.
Well, I don't rightly know, ma'am.
Last I heard from him, he was riding herd down by Gummer's Canyon,
about 20 miles west of the old squinting place, just before you get to Mule Creek.
Said something about finding a man that killed his pappy.
Now, you all know as well as I do, ma'am, that means he's gunning for Gummy Gilligan.
And that means he's headed for Dodge.
And when he gets there, Gummy Gilligan, Big Boy Simpson, Doc Burke,
and Keeper McCracken are going to be waiting for him.
And they ain't going to be throwing no teapot in.
Hold it right there, Casper.
Now, let's see you put that cruise missile down real gentle like.
And a great and strong wind tore the mountains and broke the rocks in pieces before the Lord.
But the Lord was not in the wind.
And after the wind was an earthquake, but the Lord was not in the earthquake.
And after the earthquake was a fire, but the Lord was not in the fire.
And after the fire was a still, small voice.
This is a big Friday, right?
I got up in the morning, my car wouldn't stop, right?
So I call my bus.
I'm not coming in until later.
But he says, oh, OK, no problem.
Joanie's coming in late from Bayside.
She can swing over, pick you up.
I says, oh, boy, Joanie.
No, Joanie, right?
Man, she didn't look out for 30 minutes with Joanie, right?
So he says, wait a minute.
I'll take a train.
He says, oh, no.
No problem.



Anyway, I need you to be here by 10.
She'll be over in 20 minutes.
So I says, OK.
So about 20 minutes later, she pulls in, right?
Beep in the horn.
She just pulled into the driveway, right?
She's already, like, laying on the horn.
I'm rushing around looking for my shoes.
I tell you, Liz, this girl is, like, mentally retarded.
Ruby Gleeka.
Ella Xona.
Ella Xona Gondamu.
Ella Proia.
Medina Ghi.
Si sun san ilia tida.
Ruby Mumikri.
Ruby.
Welcome to Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Flags.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
Yeah, I mean, some of those other religions have gotten a long way,
but they're just drinking symbolic blood at those altars and eating the symbolic.
You know, if they want to believe a little old lady,
is eating the literal flesh and blood of some god from 2,000 years ago,
then why can't we drink real blood at our rituals, huh?
And guess whose blood it's going to be this time, huh?
Ivan Stang.
Papa Joe Miles.
Jane or Hyperclete.
Princess We Are Doe.
And...
Sister Mary Square.
Don't forget to land us on Susie.
And Susie the floozy.
And land us on, excuse me, Susie.
Susie the floozy.
Tonight at 10 o'clock there's going to be a D-Bible,
and in a moment I'm going to let these folks tell you what a D-Bible is all about.
But, um...
Oh, no.
Wait a minute, you're going to ask us to explain it?
You didn't say we had to explain anything.
The Bible is.
Okay, you're not past the safe harbor.
Next you're probably trying to say we have to explain...
Who Bob is.
You know, we have never had any problem with most of the, quote, teachings of Jesus,
even the ones that they allowed not to be censored.
In fact, he came to our last revival in Cleveland,
and he and Bob were seen whining and dining with the women in the Devil Biker Babes.
So this whole...
This is literally true.
Jesus and Bob has been basically cooked up in a front for the media.
They're pals.
They've always been pals.
In fact, Jesus does a lot of business with Bob.
Uh, Jesus taught Bob how to sew things.
That is the real fight in Jesus.
The one that smokes Chester for days.
Yeah, I mean, we...
Our problem is with the fan club.
Yeah.
You know, it's just certain members of Jesus' fan club.
I'm kind of surprised that he puts up with them.
I'm starting to lose...
I'm starting to be a little bit disappointed in Jesus for that.
But, it does hurt to lay down your seat at a place that
You sit in and just laze about.
All right.
That's all that matters.

In fact, God is not going to bite into...
I can feel it because I got this word, man.


Well, I can feel it right here.

So we're gonna...
I touched the dirt.
and your marriage won't flung
as long as she puts out
when you come home drunk.
She thinks you're garbage
and you think she's scum.
You'll both be content
if you manage to come.
Promotions received
when you lick the brown star.
Just help reinforce
what you think you are.
It's all worth as much
as a turd to me.
You're a smegma on toast
and that's all I can see.
So call me a cynic
and call me a bore.
That don't change the truth
that you're still a whore.
To the worthless existence
you'd know that you lead.
Fueled by the lies
that you eat, sleep, and breathe.
Fueled by churches and unions
and such and corporate sleazeballs
can't get enough.
Prankstein, football,
pretzels, and beer.
The problems, the commies,
the Jews, and the queers.
strand of the

The trials
Jack off with what
theicionar
I'm ammonium
Do me a favor
I blame agency
on your grave in the fog in the detail
on your grave in the fog in the detail
on your grave in the fog in the detail
but one thing that you said, Reverend Stang, on the hour slack a few weeks ago
was that the hour slack is meant for those that are just random tumors
and I want to agree with that very much
because I think it's a great thing
because every episode we play we get a phone call
from somebody who says, what the hell is going on?
I was driving down the road and I heard this stuff on the radio
What are you?
I love what you guys are doing
I'm going to give you all my money tomorrow
when I sober up
Open your bank account to Bob
I see the comments the other night
um
um
um


um

let me stay here
for the folks who haven't listened to the hour slack
can you give us an idea
the only thing I tell people is you've got to listen Saturday at midnight
you've got to listen to it
well then just what is it?
what can you tell me?
well it's very simple
it's the radio outreach
it's the main and most official radio outreach
of the church of the subgenius
which is a disorganized religion
for mutants misfits the graceless the great faceless those without a face those who maybe
once were geniuses but well they made a few mistakes few excesses in their youth now they're
so doing anything the guru Bob Bob says we preach the word Bob but but it's done in a style that's
yeah in a style it's I mean you can't say it's a real familiar style for most people
it's an incredibly sensual experience for those who are units and it's kind of it's easier to
say what it isn't than what it is but it's like it's best for the technically all that and it's
for an entire hour for sex with the mind just like orgasms for those who never had it and yet
beyond
it is life itself let's go
all right I have absolutely nothing to rant about but nobody else is ranting
and so my god someone is gonna do it
we need somebody to help drag Bob's corpse backstage I'm not gonna get hit Bob's blood
all over this good white
it's Bob's blood it should be good enough for you somebody go over there and give that man a hand
and most importantly I
think we all need to remember a few important principles that Bob has taught us before his
untimely death here tonight one of the most important lessons is something that they tried
to teach us all about when we were in high school and when we were in early days of college and
that's about time management now they trying to manage your time that's your time that they want
to manage for you time management for them is they tell you when to study they tell you when to go to
They tell you when to drink, they tell you when to have sex, they tell you when to have everything.
They make you think that it's your plan, but it's not.
Now, I had my own personal idea of time management this very night.
All this year, I have been busy with this and busy with that.
I've had commitments on my time.
I've had responsibilities that I've had to live up to.
Now, let me tell you something, friends.
One by one, I realized that someone else was taking control of my time.
I realized that all these commitments I'd made, they were good commitments, they were valid, they had to be lived up to.
But I didn't want to make them.
Someone made me want to make them.
Someone made me want to make them.
I was not managing my time properly.
Tonight, I destroyed the last of my responsibilities.
I have no more commitments.
I have nothing to do but what I want to do.
And this, this is the subgenius idea of time management.
This is my watch.
This has been controlling every aspect of my time for the past year.
And it is no more.
I control my time.
This is time management, the subgenius way.
Thank you.

I had a hammer.
I had a hammer in the morning.
I had a hammer in the evening.
I had a hammer any time I damn well felt like it.
Is there a hammer in the house?
I have a golf club.
I know I have a sledgehammer.
And now, here is the sacred gavel of Dr. Le Guin, which says,
a cannon, process 999.
If you love it that way.
The Hammer of Vengeance,
specifically,
We brought four time control rituals, and it's all yours.
Give it back when you're finished.
This is Bob's blood.
Bob's blood.
Bob's blood.
Ho, ho, ho, ho.
What can I call this son of a bitch on?
Use that tongue.
All right.
As we pass around the sacrament of Bob,
Bob's blood that he spilled for us tonight
to show what it means to be a subgenius,
it means to be free.
It means to have anything you want.
Anything.
If you believe in Bob,
Bob will return to you that which you most want,
and that is you.
Yes.
And now, time management, the subgenius way.
It's real easy.
You just stand up there, and somebody goes,
okay, one, two, three, rant.
And then, of course, you do this real heartfelt thing
about how bad the conspiracy is and so forth.
Thank you.
And you know what?
It is heartfelt, as a matter of fact.
That's not funny.
It becomes more tender and more heartfelt
with more money they give you.
The opposite.
It becomes more hate.
The more hate.
That's what we're reaching for is the hate.
We're looking for people who love to hate.
We're looking for people who like to gag.
Sacred hate, love.
Yes, we're talking about a positive hate.
You can't just hate the conspiracy and normalcy.
No, you've got to love to hate.
You've got to hate the wind and the trees.
Oh, yeah.
And the little blue butterflies that flutter out.
You've got to hate a bluebird chirping at dawn.
You've got to hate a cure for cancer.
Yeah.
You've got to close your eyes,
and clench your fists,
and furrow your brow,
sit down,
and with all your might,
you've got to hate a small child
being cured of muscular dystrophy
and under-walking.
You have to hate like Bob hates, friends.
The divine hate.
The ultimate hate.
You can't compare yourself to any human hate.
We're talking about a divine hate.
I mean, a hate that...
that can never die because it was never born.
An eternal hate.
You've got to...
you've got to become the hate.
It's kind of like a type of yoga.
You've got to...
you've got to become one with the hate
of pinkness and normalcy.
The hate of everything.
Even the hate itself?
That is when you come to truly, truly become...
become the hate.
Then, you can truly hate the hate itself,
and then you have achieved what we call hate squared.
And you hate the fact that you hate.
And that... and you can read about hate squared
in Dobbs' Guide to Sex Hurt,
which is available in most adult bookstores.
Hate squared and love squared, of course, you know, but...
It's kind of an eternal thing.
You have to hate the fact that you're not...
that you hate the fact that you hate the fact
that you hate the fact that you hate.
It's a delicious hate.
All religions are based on hatred of everybody not in that religion.
And we're the only ones that are straight up, just up front about it.
You know, we've pared it down to the basics.
You really will pay to know what you really think,
which is that you hate the others.
Because they just, you know, they...
they won't give you any slack.
And it's the truth, man.
It sounds like stupid subgenius jargon, but it is the truth.
The others will not give you any slack.
Unless you take it.
And that's why we have to get so loud about it.
I'm sorry.
I paid to find out what I...
I paid to find out what I really thought.
I didn't know what I really thought until I joined the Church of the Subgenius.
I was into these...
You never paid.
Well, I never paid, but I...
I found out...
I found out what I thought.
I found out what I thought.
Yeah, Jayner paid in having to sit next to so many weird,
even weirder people than him on bus trips to subgenius revivals.
He's like a magnet for real, real weirdos.
Deep weirdos.
And deep poebuckers.
Deep pinks with the most intense flavors of them.
When I first got into Scientology,
I wanted to be successful in Scientology
as far as it being a profession.
So when I started FSMing and debugging,
that is when I looked at the product,
a revitalized being,
a salvaged person who is on lines
and everybody wins from that.
It put me on purpose and got my ethics in
and dynamics aligned.
I can salvage as many people as come across my lines.
As FSMs, we can reach out into the field physically
and we can be these people's terminals.
Setting yourself up as a terminal for these people
really helps them up the bridge.
At one time, I was an electrician.
But when I finished the SHSBC and the internship,
I felt that it was an overt to go back to my job.
At ASHO, the Environment Department,

it is very OT and very upstat
and it's impossible not to win
across all of your dynamics
once you've started a training cycle there.
For anyone who's decided to, quote,
flourish and prosper, unquote,
the BC is certainly going to help you
arrive at the postulate.
Reminds me of, what's his name, Tommy.
You should drink with him. What's his name?
You should live at the fancy hotel, Uruguay.
Whatever happened to him? What's his name?
Tommy?
He's supposed to go to L.A., some job or something.
Did he ever go? What happened to him?
Oh, his wife died. He cracked up.
Everybody peoples must to this hotel
pay on 10.30 the rent, $40,
or must leave from the hotel.
Everybody peoples.
Is rent for one week, $40.
The money here paid for $40 one week, the room.
No radio talking, the disco radio talking
in the nighttime sleeping time.
Everybody peoples.
No visitor.
Is no the visitor to come
all the morning, day, night, and sleeping time.
Everybody peoples.
Barakbill hal witla'ay.
Hay kumitri shu'asay.
Wulim manas meni albay.
Ma da dee ha da.
You look up and I'll be gone.
Bit by bit by bit.
Acting for you, for you, acting for you.
But you did not heed my urgency.
Hotel, motel, what you gonna do today?
They got a crime to be out in the cold.
Watchin' other sad doves.
Oh, I'll say shoot, shoot, shoot, shoot.
Now, I'll say shoot, shoot, shoot, shoot.


Oh, future for you.
I'm painting, I'm painting again.
I'm cleaning, I'm cleaning again.
Oh, you know sometimes it gets to be too much.
I mean sometimes really.
I can't cope with it.
It's so autonal.
It's just a din.
It's awkward to listen to I think sometimes.
Don't you?
I don't like groups either.
Actually, groups, oh gosh, do you like, oh not much.
Groups, you know, like.
Hoo.
Who.
Who.
What.
Goodness knows.
Of course I'm not much of a jazz buff.
I'm afraid of a bit of a square.
I always have been.
So I don't know too much about it.
Just of course for dancing when you're young and that sort of cold porter department.
But when they go banging around and whooping and yelling and you know.
Do a whole number.
It's only got one chord in it.
And you can give these guys a shot.
These people, you know, they've got two keys and three chords, and that's all you get in an entire evening.
And then, of course, they yell, all this yelling, because you never understand a word they're saying.
That's another thing, I mean, if you could understand the lyrics, you might at least get a little something out of it.
And then, of course, oh, the din!
No, I don't like that at all. I think I faded out on the Beatles.
You know, our vocalist that normally sings this song has changed his political opinions
and really has got at whether or not he can sing it with fervor anymore.
He thinks he's kind of lost his gumption, the thing that kind of gave him the oomph to sing it with,
what really felt it with the people.
Yeah, we've got a, how'd you know him?
Oh, okay.
No, no.
Okay, well, we won't do the ecology-minded song after all, even though it's one of our better tunes.
Okay, we'll do it.
I'll show you, I'll viupe it.
Good job.
You got him?
Go now, come on.
Come on now, get on.
Come on now, get on.
Come on now, get on.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.

Oh, yeah.
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
Thank you.
Praise Bob!
Where's Reverend Stanch?
Can I get a praise, Bob?
Praise Bob!
I want to get a praise, Bob!
Praise Bob!
Give me a praise, Bob!
Praise Bob!
Are you all lathered up now?
We come to bring a sword between every brother, sister, mother, and child.
Religious cleansing, that's not a new idea.
Praise the paradoxical power.
There's a lot of hate out there.
Go out and spread it.
We're the...
Hate, love, love to hate, hate to love.
Our symbol is the happy symbol turned upside down.
But you can build a hate.
If you're not successful enough in the world,
there's one thing you can do.
It's kind of like exercising.
You can build a hate by, say,
watching a Bon Jovi video over and over for two hours.
You get a hell of a hate on.
You can get a...
You'll have a throbbing hate on, man.
You'll have a hate on so hard,
you'd be ready to have a night truck with the government.
You'd be ready to have a night truck with the government.
Whoo!
Yes, ma'am!
Man.
Say it with me.
Hate love.
Hate love.









Love.
That kind of hate, don't we?
Oh, yes, we do.
We look and thump it.
I love to hate.
It's a positive, uplifting thought.
Yeah, it is.
It's kind of...
It's rejuvenating.
It's kind of neat.
And you just want to hate more.
It's a neat hate.
And the bigger you hate and the bigger things you hate
and the better and the harder and the firmer they stand,
the more you just want to hate them.
Oh!
Oh!
Wait a minute.
That wasn't the way I hurt.
She's mucking up my thighs.
She just...
Do you accept that?
Yeah, yeah.
That's not what we call sex hurt.
Some people get a little bit mixed up.
It can be, certainly.
We're not putting it down, but that's a narrow definition.
Sex hurt was what we always considered was until it feels so good, it hurts.
Kiss me and turn me and tie me up and swear me.
Whoo!
Whoo!
Whoo!
All right.
Let's see.
Where was I talking?
We were talking about Connie and the power of the goddess in the subgenius church, but
I've had a little bit of beer thanks to the swing'em love corpses.
Here we go.
Swing'em love corpses.
Whoo!
They get me.
Oh, so proud.
It hurts.
It feels so good.
It hurts.
I hate to love and love to hate.
Whoo!
Whoo!




This is sacred hate.
A hate that feels so good.
I just keep gushing and gushing and gushing.
Of course, it could be the beer, you know, Connie.
Praise the beer.
Praise the beer.
Praise the beer.
Race!

Connie herself is quite a drinker.
She likes, she loves her liquor.
You disbelievers better have your hands close to your wallets.
Your hands should be closer than yours.










if you were, yeah.
Well, that's what I mean, close to her.
I didn't want to be too obvious about it.
Sister Mary Squared, au contraire!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Help, honey, help!
Well, I'm damn glad to be here in Atlanta, Georgia.
This is as close as I've ever gotten to the Bible Belt.
I'm in the Bible Belt, am I not?
You are the Bible Belt!
I'm in the buckle of the Bible Belt.
And it is my intention to unbuckle the Bible Belt tonight, folks.
This is good down-home preaching.
Feed me, pet me, milk me, eat me.
Ye sacred cow women, arise!
It is time to stop prohibition and start to bitchin'.
Ladies, it was the women that got us out of prohibition.
It was the women that said,
enough of this mindless conspiracy oppression bull.
We've lost enough men over it,
and yet, yet, yet we did not succeed.
We only did half the job.
Still, we are prohibited.
There are certain states where sodomy is illegal.
There are states where oral sex is not allowed.
Now, I don't know about you,
but I don't feel like traveling when I want to be...
experimental.
Do you know what I mean?
How did I enforce that?
Are you ready to have fun tonight?
Yes?
You ready to have fun?
Friends, I'm going to take you on an initiation
into the sisterhood of the Yeti.
We're from one of the schisms in the church,
the Sisters of the Yeti,
where Uber Priest is over event to the untamed.
We are trained in tantric deviations,
synchrodynamic swimming ballet,
and time control.
Schizophrenia.
Yetinthropy.
Yetinthropy.
Scytofuturistics.
Orgasmic radiation emitting.
We were trained by some genius that didn't have to read the book of Bob,
and I'm sure all the women in the church

here can agree,
because we've always known that we've had slag sitting on our hip
right next to our whip for the past thousand years.
And it's not going anywhere.
We're still here.
You're still sitting on it.
Yeah.
Face painting.
This isn't makeup.
We don't make ourselves up.
This is war paint.
This is the look of the warrior ending Uber Woman.
Basically, we preach the word of God.
For the last number in our act,
we did these 20 acrobatic tricks in a row.
One, two, three, four, five.
Splits, spread eagles, flip flops, backflips,
one right after the other.
Well, this one night we were in Cicero, the three of us,
and we were in this hotel room boozing and having a few laughs,
and we run out of ice.
So I went out to get some.
I come back, open the door.
There's Veronica and Charlie doing number 17.
The spread eagle.
And one night she came.
Years ago, thousands of years ago,
before you and I were ever born,
before we even had a memory of a lifetime before this,
there were these priestesses, these sisters of the Yeti,
these tantric, deviant priestesses in every city,
in every size, shape, and color.
We were well-rounded women because in the early curves of Mae West,
the curve is, my dear.
And if you can't get straight, you can always go around.
And that's what the Church of the Subgenius has taught me.
It taught me how to become my own person
and be defined by my own actions.
And in the initiations into the sister of the Yeti hood,
as I was saying, there goes the liquor.
Praise the liquor.
Praise the beer.
Praise the beer.
Praise the beer.
And the thing is, the ground is self-centering.
There's no place like my ego.
And it's kind of like Christ is centering.
It's kind of like the nuagier-than-thou section of our church.
My biggest fantasy, and it's a whopper of a fantasy, boy, I tell you,
is to have the born-again Christians come to my house
and be all love and light.
And you know how they want you to get down on your knees and pray with them.
The center.
And I want, well, that too.
But, you know, they don't.
That's the problem.
They don't want to get into my house.
They just want me to, you know, worship this hung-up man
who's skinnier, that doesn't look like he could get up and save his life,
and he's telling me that he loves me?
My fantasy is to wait until these people turn around and go,
oh, you know, Sister Mary, Jesus loves you.
But will he respect you in the morning?
And I turn around and I would say,
he loves me?
Well, does he love me enough to...
.
It should also be noted, another good opener is, like,
how to explain to a priest.
I usually start out with kind of, you know, oh, the graphic stuff.
I say, well, we take this guy and we, like, we nail him up on these boards
until he's bleeding.
And then, like, we break his legs and we stuff spears in him.
And we put this crown of thorns on him.
No, no, no, just kidding.
No, it's only just a severed head.
No, no, no, it was kidding.
But that gets him, you know, that loosens him up a little bit.
Makes him a little more open-minded, hopefully.
No offense, you'll be mad.
We're not trying to insult you.
We know that you're fried in your own fat for not believing.
And within five and a half years.
So, you know, we don't hold anything against you.
We pity you, if anything.
No, we do.
And we look forward to watching you fry.
We look forward to watching you writhe in your own agony
as your head begins to blister and boil and ferment in its own juices.
And pretty soon you'll feel a sort of...
In other people's juices.
Other people's juices.
And you'll begin to suck up inside.
And you'll be...
Loading with joy.
When they say you can make a difference.
And this could happen to you if you listen to the hour of sloth.
Well, I don't hate...
Saturday nights at midnight.
Every Saturday night's at midnight.
We hope someday that they can find Bob, too.
Yeah.
We don't just love them with our own hearts.
We love them with their own hearts that we will pull out of their chests.
And give back to them for a certain amount of money.
To be perfectly honest with you, I was sort of hooked.
I mean, where else could a guy like me get a hold of money like that?
Your love gives me such a thrill.
But your love won't pay my bills.
I want money.
That's what I want.
Ooh.
She wants money.
She wants money.
She wants money.
Like other religions, we come out and say what our primary motives are, which are, in fact, money.
And the destruction of our enemies.
Although we don't have to do that.
We depend on these aliens from another world.
There's no pussy-puttin' around.
We'll be taken away to pleasure dimensions while they pry into hell beyond all comprehension or imagination.
If you're in a logical frame of mind, what would you rather be?
Someone that's strummin' a harp of the clouds for all eternity?
Or someone that gets eternal slack, sex, drugs, rock and roll, anything else they want?
I mean, it's your choice.
Take out pizza.
If you really think clouds and harps is cool, then just go every Sunday.
That's right.
But if you're into the other, more enjoyable life's pleasures, then tune in Saturday night.
You'll have so much slack you won't even be able to say it.
You'll have so much slack you'll even know you have slack.
That's how you'll be like Bob Dog.
You'll be like Bob Dog.
You are floating in slack now, but you're just too blind and deaf to see it.
You just can't realize it.
You've got a whole mouth full of pills.
You just don't know how to swallow them.
There's no place like my ego.
There's no place like my ego.
There's no place like my ego.
I want you to get so caught up in your heads, caught up in your heads like you believe that you are a true vessel for the alien forces of Bob and Connie to come channeling down into you like an unidentified object.
That fifth chakra over there.
Shake my chakra now.
Shake your chakra.
Coming down, landing on top of your head.
And I want you to start chanting me.
I want you to start chanting me.
Now beyond morphosizing yetis and stuff, isn't it true that you have videotaped practically every occurrence in your life?
Yes, that is true.
Everything you have ever done.
Since about 1980.
79, about 79.
Making spaghetti.
Passing out on the floor.
Going to the bathroom.
You name it.
Everything.
Everything.
Everything.
Every subgenius has ever done.
Scrub-a-dub-dub.
Even the boring, most mundane activities are scrutinized under the watchful eye of Dr. Z, which doesn't exist right now.
No, I'm sorry.
I digress.
You're thinking of the Jehovah's Witnesses.
That's right.
That's where it came from.
Yeah.
The inventor.
The killer of small heads again.
The one who, I'm sorry.
Yeah.
Okay.
I lost my train of thought.
I'm sure you did too.
I didn't have one to start with, though.
No, but it's always running on time, ain't it?
I was asking you about everything you tape.
Like this is being taped also.
It is.
Why do you do this?
To get for the tapes.
We do everything for the tapes.
Everything looks so much better on the tapes.
You do the tapes for the tapes.
The special effects are so much cheaper.

Yeah.
We do everything for the tapes.
Even the life we're living is for the tapes.
And the tapes that we tape of the lives is for the tapes.
That's why the tapes are so good.
But do you show them?
I mean, do you show them in their entirety?
Do you edit?
Oh, they're edited.
Everything's edited.
The memory.
See, the whole thing is memory editing.
We're doing memory editing right now.
That's why you keep getting mixed up.
I can't remember what you're talking about.
That's why I don't know what I'm talking about.
That's why I don't know what I'm talking about.
I can't remember what I just said.
That's why I can't know what I'm talking about.
We could backtrack.
We could backtrack.
It's just like running in reverse a little bit.
Just punch it down there and see what we did.
Okay?
And that's why it always runs on time, right?
Oh, now you lost me again.
I'm sorry.
Well, you're talking about the train.
The train of thought and how we just backtrack up.
And we find out that you only go around once at a time.
At a time.
At a time.
Yeah.
But you do maybe go around 6,000.
I mean, the tenet of reincarnation does exist within the church of subgenies to a certain degree, does it not?
Right.
Right.
But because you only go around once at a time, you have to pretend that you're going to be the only one.
So you should live life both as if it could end any second.
Like it was just about to end.
Go around.
Go around as if you had forever.
In other words, don't waste a minute.
And if it feels good, do it, baby.
Here comes the judge and all that cool stuff.
Go around the little red choo-choo train.
What was that piece of stuff?
Yeah.
Do your own thing.
I lost.
That's what we say.
Do your own thing, baby.
This is my happening, and it's freaking me out.
Oh, my.
No.
Now, take a look at this here.
See where it's cool.
It's groovy.
Every trip out on.
We're up here.

I'm gloobing and oodling.
You know, things were kind of different back in the old days of the church.
I remember back in my day, back in the old days, we used to have to light the sun every morning.
And have to stoke it with kerosene.
I remember back in my day, the human body was composed of wood.
You had to just nail your arms onto your body.
Those were the good old days.
You had to construct your entire body out of wood and hammer and nails.
I guess you could say things were a little bit different back in my day.
Kids today, you have no appreciation for how easy it is.
I mean, you come and you give us your last $15, and you think you've done something significant.
But, you know, for us, the milk money, you know, was money that we had to pay the teacher so that they wouldn't have sex with us.
And back in our days, back in our days, walking around the school, we had to pay the teacher.

Walking in the school was like, well, it's like walking across the surface of the sun and freezing.
Barefoot.
When I had to go to school, I had to walk across the surface of the sun barefoot in a snowstorm while swallowing fish hooks.
Oh, you had, oh, at least they gave you fish hooks.
They only gave us worms.
You guys, you get these three-pronged fish hooks.
We had to go with a single fish hook variety.
I mean, that's how spoiled you can be.
But, you know, we're not trying to make you feel guilty or anything about it, you know.
It's just to underline how fortunate you are today.
And then today, you complain because you had, like, maybe some newspaper that you had to stuff in your shoe because of that hole in the bottom of your sole.
Well, in our days, we had to stick newspapers in the bottom of our feet because of the holes in our feet.
You guys have got it easy.
I remember back in my day when you'd go to a convenience store, you'd have to wait a century for a Coke.
And then your Coke can wouldn't have a bottom.
And all the Coke would just pour out of the bottom before you could get a sip.
And even if you could sip some, it was just water with black food coloring in it.
And then you complained because your special little opener up there just, you know, you press it in.
Back in our days, you'd drink your Coke.
And you'd get not just one, but about 30 of these Coke tabs would come guzzling down your throat right about the time you really slug it back.
You don't even know what those things are, but we used to get them in our Cokes all the time.
And we only put one of them in there ourselves when we opened it up.
So go figure.
I can remember back in my day, the iron clothes, I had to heat my hand up over a wood stove and run it over the clothes so familiar.
Life is so tame.
Well, so what about the future of the church?
I mean, maybe it's...
Discuss the past back in our days.
Yeah, back in the good old days.
And we know about the sickening present.
And we liked it that way.
Oh, we miss those days.
That's nostalgia for us.
When we drink a Coke and, you know, maybe there's some sharp ice in there.
Maybe we buy it at a store where someone's got it.
And we've laced it with cyanide.
We think, you know, this brings back memories.
But nowadays, it's all gone.
So what about the future?
Where should it go?
More guns.
More guns.
But there's going to be plenty of guns July 5th.
You're not even going to have to put in for your license that day.
There'll be nothing but guns on that day.
Well, the way I see it, and I'm just talking for myself,
but there's several alternatives that could happen.
One is nothing could happen on July 5th, except, of course, mass suicides of the devout.
And I hope I see each and every one of you is devout.
That's a sweet thought.
If you're not willing to kill yourself for Bob, you're nothing but a whimpering Bobby.
It's very possible that July 5th,
it's actually July 6th,
and you're just going to come on July 6th to see if you didn't kill themselves.
And they're going to kill those who didn't kill themselves.
So if you really want to save yourself a lot of pain, you'll do it yourself.
Well, one thing I should warn about that Bob has specifically mentioned
that's going to happen on July 5th that may shake some people up.
As, of course, you know, X-Day,
happens in each time zone.
It's 7 o'clock.
You'll be able to, if you live in California,
you'll be able to watch the rupture and X-Day happening in New York on live TV.
And it may be...
Some people have expressed concern that will affect how people in California react to X-Day.
They may be predicting the rapture where they wouldn't otherwise have predicted it.
It may affect the results.
Well, there's another aspect that you may not be aware of.
Apparently...
Now, of course, this isn't the way it seems,
but apparently to see someone being ruptured
in the process of being lifted up in power and glory to the escape vessels of the sex goddesses,
they look sort of like a burning monk screaming in agony as he bursts into flames.
In other words, all these saints and geniuses with their hands
and membership cards in their pockets will be seen on live TV by those Californians
bursting into flames and screaming for someone to put them out.
But it's really in pleasure. It's in pleasure.
Yeah, that's just the resistance to the pleasure that's about to happen
when they suddenly wake up on the escape vessels.
So, if you happen to be watching, you know, a time zone ahead at 7,
well, for you it would be 6 in the morning, but for New Yorkers it would be 7, let's say.
Don't worry. We're sure Bob wasn't kidding about it.
It's all right. It doesn't really hurt when you burst into flames screaming like that.
The decapitations, the mutilations, they're all...
That's just part of the satire.
...preludes to pleasure.
It's to ready you for pleasure so intense that it's almost worse than being paper cut to death.
Okay, so that's one possible future of the church.
The other, of course, is the commercial future of the church.
Let's say this turns into something popular that the pinks enjoy.
Let's say it turns into something that everyone starts wearing on their T-shirts,
kind of like Batman T-shirts, W-R-E-K T-shirts and stuff.
Then...
We'd hate to have that many normal people like us, but we'd do it for the money.
Yeah, they'd contempt us with money.
We'd have to do it for the money. It would be against our religion not to.
They know they can buy us out.
People say there's too many Bobbies, but we think there should be more.
We think there should be millions. That's the only way we're going to get rich off of this thing.
Well, we don't just need their money.
Those are the souls that Bob's going to be dealing to the exes in order to save the souls of the true subgeniuses.
You can't use a pink soul. He has to use a Bobby, which is sort of in between.
It's between a pink and a true subgenius.
The exes will think they're getting subgenius soul, and it'll be good enough.
That first line of soul and anguish and so forth will be good enough that they'll hopefully go ahead and close the deal with Bob.
Well, if that happens, you should truly wake up scared.
Because what that should indicate to you is that the anti-Bob is going the extra mile
to get you out of the church.
He knows that you resist that which is popular.
He knows that you resist that which everyone else is doing.
He knows that you're into this alternative lifestyle.
And he figures that if he can make you think that your alternative lifestyle is no longer alternative, that you'll bail.
And if he's willing to spend the billions of dollars to commercialize it and market it,
then you should ask yourself,
are you going to fall for it?
Are you going to burn that J.R. Bob Dobbs t-shirt?
Are you going to toss that membership card at the bottom of your drawer?
Are you going to stop telling somebody at the bar about Bob?
Are you going to pretend when someone says,
Oh, did you hear about J.R. Bob Dobbs?
Oh, not again. I'm so tired of that.
I mean, you should really be scared at that point.
Because the other alternative, and one that we've been discussing in private,
and we're not going to tell you whether or not we're going to do it,
is whether or not we really believe you.
But what scares us the most is that maybe it is something that's a secret even from us.
What if this conditioning was directed towards you?
We've been telling you this July 5th and everything.
Just so that the people out there in the audience today are sitting there and going,
Okay, it's just a joke, but I'm in on it.
It's just a joke. Nothing's really going to happen.
I've got my membership.
What if it's not a prank? What if it's real?
What if we haven't even been really let in on the secret?
What if they're not sex goddesses? What if they're pain goddesses?
What if this is a grand plan?
What if Jane is the only one who knows?
Please don't tell us.
If it's Bob's will, then so mote it be.
We may be the first ones to die the painful death.
So actually, we could be wrong about all of this.
Bob could be the most evil being in the universe.
This could be the one true false religion of the end times
predicted in the Bible.
But because it is Bob, then therefore even that would be the right thing to happen.
I'm a Stangian Orthodox back to the pamphlet subgenius.
I do not question Bob's edicts one way or the other.
I'll just do whatever he tells me to do.
Blind faith.
Why do you think we're sitting here right now?
I've got some bad news for you in that respect.
Some of you guys may consider this very bad news.
There is a step, another phase of evolution between man and overman.
And I'm afraid it's woman.
Woe man.
Woe man.
A woman and a man just as long as they go woe.
Now some of you guys may be into this.
There's going to be a short period, hopefully, probably a short period of time
after the sex goddesses rupture you up on X day.
Just before you're turned into an overman, you're going to have to spend some time as a woman.
Now I don't know about you, I've always kind of been intrigued with that idea.
You know, for maybe a couple of hours.
You know, just some time in the shower, something like that.
I'd love to check it out.
Ugh.
You can get off on yourself.
That's right.
How long are you going to be what?
How long are you going to be what?
What?
Bob says not very long.
About seven inches.
I trust Bob.
He said it wasn't going to be real long.
You know, he said, and most of the brain sections that he takes are not, you know, it's not going to age you much, he said.
You hardly notice the difference.
So it's not like.
He only removes the unnecessary portions of your brain.
Yeah.
I mean, you know, stuff you wanted to forget anyway.
You know, math lessons, crap like that.
You know, stuff he can use.
You probably aren't going to use them.
He'll ask, you know, he'll take different things from different people, I'm sure.
Removes the curse of memory, that stumbling block to perfection.
Oh, really?
If only we could be more like Bob.
And to truly know nothing.
Then we would be walking the path of least resistance.
But.
You're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information on Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius, send a self-addressed stamped envelope to, got your pencil ready?
Bob, Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
That's Bob, P.O.
Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Stay tuned and Praise Bob.
Subgenius Radio Ministry,
Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Stay tuned and Praise Bob.
She wants money,
she wants money.
Money, money, money, money, money, money, money.
I give the rich a giant tax loophole.
I leave the poor living in a poophole.
There's something about having a gun in your hands and being able to control it.
I don't know what it is, but all the girls talked about it.
Anytime you want to go shooting, just give me a call.
What's next?
Remember what to do, friends.
I want you to think of anything that's ever gone out of you, anything that's ever shot out of you,
anything that's ever spewed out of you, anything that you have ever...
It's just been ripping to get out, and I want you to take a deep breath on the count of three.
Ready?
One, two, three.
And hold it, and hold it, and think about everything, and let it out on an exhalation.
You begin to grasp the concept of extra meditation, I can see.
Now, on the third inhalation, I want you to think of everything in your life, and in your mind, and in your body, and in your soul, and in your devotions to the Vedic deities, and witchy type things that has ever gotten caught in between.
Pieces of chicken in your teeth, your brain, in your head, anything that has ever gotten caught in between.
And I want you to take a deep breath on the count of three, and hold it as long as you can.
And I'm going to raise my arm, and when I lower my arm, when I call the drop for the power to be released, I want you all to scream,
as loud and as long as you can.
Are we ready?
All right.
One, two.
One, two, three.
And hold it, and hold it, and think of everything that has ever gotten in between, and scream.
Woo!

Woo!
Oh, sacred, heinous conspiracy!
Get in there!
Let it out!
Let it out!
Hoo!
Hoo!
Hoo!
Hoo!
Hoo!
All right!
All right!
Woo!
You guys are all true disciplines of the Sisters of the Yeti, and the prescribed sciences of techno magic.
Time plus money equals slack.
Oh, yes, dear friends, and that's where I need to cut in and give us some credits to let you know what you've been listening to.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.









Awesome, bastante, take a bow for us.
Thank you.

Thank you.


Have a nice woreful weekend.

стран takiej bundi yunger.

Good luck.
Good luck to all of you.
Good luck.

with thestheatheressushi.com or decOn Audio Talk T-Gmas and Twitter live broadcast that he wants you to look into age diversity, finish recognizing that spring Break podcast 뿌� возможно was one of the reasons we should make an episode at the moment that hasn't ended quickly, I hope this is because we're Fre spies didn't leave unless you have your goals for the rest of our而且es.
Thank you for your time from the chat section and keep listening.
are dough.
The Swingin' Love Corpses,
of course, were heard doing that
song, Nature, I Hate It.
Foggin' the Dew, the original
version of Foggin' the Dew, which you've heard
cover versions by Swingin'
Love Corpses and Doctors for Bob.
That was the original by
Joe Newman and Rudy Schwartz
Project in Austin, Texas.
And the crazy
monologues which you heard
bubbling along.
