I'll pull me through!
Just speaking to you over the body of a wall.
Here it is! Here comes the show! Quiet!
Ah!
I think I got it.
Right between the walls.
Okay, drag the show over here. Come on, guys.
Come on, guys. We gotta get the show up the stairs.
Check it. See if it's got its wallet.
Let's take it down to the old abandoned warehouse.
Hey, this show's got $500 in its wallet.
This show's got a motor truck. Tie it up.
We'll get its car keys.
I always wanted to get into the show.
Now it's our chance.
You'll never forget, Abel, what I said in this damn show.
And he was hopeless.
His legs drew up tight and tense
and withered away to just skin and bones.
Probably would have had to limp.
For a few days because of sore shin.
Don't you see my point?
No, no, no.
Oh, yes, we all love each other.
Well, Bob, I don't know how you feel about matters like this,
but personally, I just don't approve of
the self-genius
power of
watching.
I hardly agree with you.
Oh.
In the next 13 or 14 minutes,
something good,
good, good is coming.
Coming your way.
So don't leave this radio station.
Let's have a good time together.
He's all I need.
He's all I need.
Ah, yeah.
Ah, friends, we had so much new stuff to play
that it put us behind.
And the only way to catch up was to blow off the new
and just, well, basically,
friends, what I did was grab one each
of all of our subgenius CDs,
the masters of which were
right at hand. And so,
what we have are one or two tracks
from each of these various CDs.
We have
Bob's songs, one through six,
Media Barrage's ten through twelve
from plus zero and five,
and the best of Hour of Slack.
And so, friends, back to
the good old days.
As soon
as you turn your back,
everything in the universe snaps itself inside out
with a hideous sucking motion.
The only reason you cannot call the world impossible
is because it is only through the world
that you know the concept of impossibility.
You have been led to believe that everyone feels
he or she may be the only living consciousness.
But you are, in fact, the only one for whom this is true.
The fundamentals of the universe are the same.


The structure of reality is totally transformed every instant.
But it provides you with a phony memory
that it has always been the way it is.
Since you are always at the exact center of an infinity,
there is no such thing as movement, location, space, or time.
You are a row of electrochemical events
taking place in your cerebrum.
Ah!
Nothing has meaning in itself,
but everything can support any meaning.
If you could glimpse for even a moment
the real meaning of existence,
your brain would be neuroanatomically destroyed.
You cannot conceive a thing for which you do not have a word.
Everyone's perception is radically unique,
but leads them to believe it is more or less similar for everyone else.
You are a row of electrochemical events





You are a row of electrochemical events
You are a row of electrochemical events
You have always been listening to this tape.
You are a row of electrochemical events
You have always been listening to this tape
You cannot remember a time before you were born
because there was no such time, nor any other.
It has always been this moment.
Death could occur inexplicably any second.
125,000 deaths every second
The oddness of the world exceeds the imagination by an infinity.
It has produced this talking about it,
This talker, this labeling of it, this labeler, the concept of labeling, the concept of oddness,
the word oddness, the concept of a word, the word word, the word concept, and the concept of a concept.
Consciousness is not a continuous state, but a momentary surfacing for variable periods at random points.
Your next awakening could be 20 years from now.
Nothing can be proven to be true.
Because reality is composed of infinitesimally small moments, there is no such thing as an event.
The reason people are untrustworthy is because their cerebral processes are fundamentally random ones.
During the night, every ego in the world...
The world changes bodies, inheriting also the memory.
Old age is not a gradual, but a catastrophic process, and could strike at any moment.
Dreams are the reality for which the real world is a dream.
There has never been a time in history when men have voluntarily used less than the greatest possible military technology against their enemy,
and allowed a great technology...
...to fall into disuse and ignorance.
Therefore, there will be a full-scale nuclear holocaust.
You are dreaming this moment.
The universe will continue to expand until there is not enough matter per unit space to provide the gravity necessary for regeneration, and it will slowly die out.
When you finish listening to this, everything will change.

You will be different from the way it was when you began.
But, again, your new memory will conceal this from you.
All events occur at random.
The universe is one of an infinite number of universes, the closest of which is undetectable, being a billion universe lengths away.
Only what you are experiencing right now exists.
Love is an immediate process.






is the feeling that another person is really yourself.
You are about to make the first conscious decision of your life.
Uh-oh.
Hundreds of New Yorkers at a religious revival
chanting the name of a modern-day prophet
Bob.
Bob's teachings are the foundation of a church
that does little more than parody cults and American consumerism.
It's called the Church of the Subgenius.
Tom Vitale has this report.
You will pay to know what you really think.
But if you give us money, we will tell you what to think.
And not only have you paid to know what you really think,
but once you will get value for your dollars.
American culture.
Americans will buy anything, and they're getting sold short.
That's the message of the Church of the Subgenius,
as delivered by the Pope of all New York, David Meyer, at a recent revival.
Meyer also instructed the enthusiastic crowd in how to get slack,
how to get right with Bob, and how to pull the wool over your own eyes.
For they shall see God.
It's still true.
God still speaks in special ways to each of us today.
But my feelings toward him are still so broad.
Riddle and sour.
I don't care, don't care, don't care, don't care, don't care, don't care, don't care, don't care, don't care, don't care, don't care, don't care.
More.
Tired.
Tired, I'm tired, I'm tired.
I can't tolerate it.
I can't live with it.
I can't.
And that's how I became a subgenius.
Children of the great St. Lenny Bruce said,
American society cripples you and arrests you for limping.
Here in the Church of the Subgenius, we say,
cast off those crutches,
and cry,
and go with pride.
You can crawl again.
You can crawl again, children.
I may sound like a Bible-beater yelling up a revival at a river crossing camp meeting,
but that don't change the truth now.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I want to see if one person,
one single person,
will have the courage of their conviction
and come down here and open up to Bob and give them, give me their wallet.
I don't just want your money.
I don't just want your money.
We want your credit cards.
We want your library cards, your voter registration.
Give it all up now.
Give it all up now.
Give it all up now.
Give it all up now.
Now, now, now.
I'm talking to you tonight about the Holy God,
the One and Only Bob,
the One and Only Bob,
the Church of the Subgenius.
Praise Bob. Praise Bob.
Can I get a witness?
Can I get a witness?
Can I get a praise Bob?
Can I get a praise Bob?
Can I get an answer?
Can I get an Amen?
Can I get an Amen?
Thank you, children. Thank you.
Thank you, children.
Thank you.
Now, some of you may not be familiar with the Church of the Subgenius.
Some of you may not know the Holy Ghost.
The Purpose, the Divine,
The Purpose of the Church is to have what?
The Purpose of the Church is to have what?

Can I hear that again?
I need more slack.
Can I get some slack?
Has this ever happened to you?
Why, I should have been there, Ted.
It was great.
There was free booze, great music,
one of the best parties I ever went to.
Where were you that night?
Oh, I just kind of stayed home and watched TV.
I guess I should have gone, huh?
Didn't you feel stupid?
Didn't you wish you could go back to that night, that party?
Well, maybe now there's a way to learn how to do that very thing.
Introducing Bob's School of Time Control.
At Bob's, you'll learn how to speed time,
slow time,
and make time run backwards.
But most importantly,
you'll be learning how to make time work for you.
How, you may ask?
Well, just ask this man here,
an actual graduate of Bob's School of Time Control.
One day, my dog ran out in front of a truck.
Blango.
My dog was dead.
Was I sad till I met Bob?
Bob showed me how I could go back,
get the registration number for the car,
do a slip job on the brakes,
and wouldn't you know it,
that truck went off into a ditch and burst into flames
just exactly a block before he could hit old Booger.
Ain't that right, fella?
Yes, just imagine the horrible things
that could be undone tomorrow
if you had only gone to Bob's School of Time Control today.
Courses start yesterday, but you can catch up.
Just right.
Bob's School of Time Control, the universe.
Bob's School of Time Control,
a division of Subgenius Industries Unlimited.
Everybody says I'm paranoid.
They all think I'm crazy.
They all smile to my face.
But they'd like to see me die.
And to attain the slack of Bob,
a subgenius must fight a vast and powerful conspiracy,
what Pope Meyer calls the pinks.
Think of sort of that ruddy glow in the cheeks you see on people
who want to sell you something you don't really need,
who want to take away that which means the most to you
and give it back to you for a profit.
Now, who has come along to save us from this conspiracy?
This conspiracy that would feed you this trash?
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
It's Bob.
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!



J.R. Bob Dobbs was the world's greatest salesman.
He could sell anything to anybody.
He was a foregoing, full-fledged, blue-ribbon member of the conspiracy.
Selling and selling and selling and selling.
And one day he discovered a fantastic secret.
What is he selling?
A secret that had been hidden.
The secret of slack.
What is he selling?
Bob!
Bob!
The Church of the Subgenius,
a parody of weird cults,
has some 3,000 devoted members
who have bought thousands of pamphlets,
stickers, cassettes, and t-shirts,
all bearing the trademark of Bob's smiling face
with a pipe stuck in his mouth.
Peek-a-boo!
I can see you!
And I know what you do!
Bob is that big, all pervasive figure
that encompasses spuddom on planet Earth.
And what is spuddom?
It's the human condition.
It's things falling apart.
It's fat ladies in double-knit jumpsuits beating their kids in Kroger's.
We hope to welcome you all tonight
to the fervid celestial spoutings
of the inner epops and clockwork workings of the Church.
But this task will not be easy.
The fruits of the subgenius plant
are not as cordial to the taste
as the fruits of the subgenius plant.
As others may be,
kind of mucilaginous paste.
But it's easy to become tangentially twisted
along precarious paths that have nothing to do
with the straight and true direction of our search.
We are born with the Dobbs nature.
However, only exist technology
can complete a subgenius's transfiguration
into over-manhood or over-womanliness,
and so far Bob has allowed this to happen
to one solitary guinea pig.
This is Bob's friend,
Dr. Philo Drummond.
What? God damn it!
Man was born with original selectivity,
but most civilized people don't believe in it,
and their most learned scholar
has apparently been completely turned deaf.
Well, I've studied the Saurian stage in human evolution.
As it turns out, many of our ancestors
are not the primates as commonly thought,
but the theropod line of the great archosaurs of Mesozoic...
Oh, no, look out!
Get him out of here!
Bob is a rock.
Bob is a tree.
Bob is you and Bob is me.
Bob is a football.
Bob is a basketball.
Bob is a rugby ball.
And Bob is a golf ball.
In an order like this, we may have guidelines,
but you must remember not to be literal-minded.
No subgenius follows any two rules exactly.
You must also remember that anything any subgenius says
at any time is sacred dogma automatically.
And now the rules of the church of the subgenius.
The first rule of the church of the subgenius is
the subgenius must have...
What must he have?
What must he have?
What must a subgenius have?
Doug, what must he have?
He must have...
He must have slack!
Help me out here, Doug.
The second rule of the church of the subgenius is
too much is always better than not enough.
Can I get a too much?
Too much!
Can I get another too much?
Too much!
Can I get another too much?
Too much!
Oh, but too many of those, children,
it's always better than not enough.
The third rule of the church of the subgenius
is a rule violated every day, every way you go.
People say to me,
who is a conspiracy?
Look and see who violates this rule
and you will know them by their actions.
The third rule of the church of the subgenius is
if you don't have a sense of humor,
don't try to be funny.
Don't try to be funny!
The fourth rule of the church of the subgenius,
thank you, Buck,
and one of the most important rules
that supersedes all other rules is
fuck them if they can't take a joke!
Fuck them!
Huh! Huh!
You must draw your own conclusions.
But that's the way religion is.
It's been a constant battle since the very beginning.
The first man to try to guess why he climbed out of the slime
was the first man to pick up a stick and hit his brother.
Offered void.
We've been programmed.
Offered void. We're prohibited.
Offered.
Our slack was taken away the moment we entered this world
where he's treadmill
and we've been running like little rats through a maze.
And the only way you can get away from that is to deprogram.
Edit your own memory.
Take those bad memories.
Take those horrible training regimens
that you were subjected to as a youth.
Flush them down the toilet as you excremeditate.
Let me ask you. Let me ask you.
Yes, sister.
Did you ever own a guinea pig?
I ate my guinea pigs.
I grew them and I ate them.
That's dick, Craig. Bob.
They were food. I'm a carnivore.
I can't help myself.
Right out of the
cage.
Thank you.
I'll drive a mile for us not to walk on foot.
I am a human being of the first goddamn order.
I am too intense to die
for I speak only the fucking truth.
We're never gonna live.
We're never gonna live.
We're never gonna live.
We're never gonna live.
We're never gonna live.
We're never gonna live. We're never gonna live.
I ransomed it from the past.
I made time wait on for me.
I'll live forever and remember afterwards, yes,
I am the purple flower of Pell County.
Give me wild birds.
Who's that in the gravestone?
Crude, no.
Cadet state camberlain
on stage.
A rebel CIA man,
quelqu'un commiss Antrag


is the highest number there is.
Well, by God, I count to a godzillion and one.
I weigh 666 pounds and zero gravity.
Come and get me.
I weigh 666 pounds and zero gravity.
I weigh 666 pounds and zero gravity.
I weigh 666 pounds and zero gravity.
I weigh 666 pounds and zero gravity.
I weigh 666 pounds and zero gravity.
I weigh 666 pounds and zero gravity.
Give me the signal.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, hideous alien monster creatures from the beyond world.
This is for Bob Walton.
Where are we, Bob?
The code is broken.
Trouble?
Big.
Security?
I have the lid on tight.
Well, take it off for me.
The message is?
Mars needs women.
Mars needs?
It's a gag.
It's a prank.
It's a fake.
I don't think so, sir.
What's going to happen to your children?
What's going to happen to your children?
What's going to happen to you when this society we've created,
when this society we've created,
air conditions,
air conditions,
are station wagons with wooden sides,
station wagons with wooden sides,
are cautious indeed,
are retired actors,
are in jail,
are in politics,
are in charge.
What happens when that collapses?
What happens when your daughter ain't worth a damn?
What happens when your daughter ain't worth a damn?
That's when the man from Planet X9,
I'm down to save the members of the subgenius church.
I'm down to save the members of the subgenius church.
But until that day,
the power and wisdom of Bob can help us break their mind control
by activating that mutant gland that we all have within us.
There's a fella down in Texas,
they say,
his name is Bob.
He tells me I should slack off.
I should quit my job.
Well, I'm a subgenius,
and I must have my slack.
If I don't live forever,
I get my money back.
They said that on July 5th of 1998,
the earth would meet destruction,
suffer a deadly fate.
That day was long away,
now it has come and gone.
There was no fire from heaven.
Oh, no!
And this old world rolls on.
Well, I'm a subgenius,
and I must have my slack.
If I don't live forever,
I get my money back.
Poor Stang was made to suffer
a terrible disgrace.
He was such humiliation.
He feared to show his face.
Now Bob may be laughing
because we are such chumps.
But there is no reason
to be down in the dumps.
It'll all still happen.
No need to curse or frown.
They got all the right numbers.
Just got them upside down.
Well, I'm a subgenius,
and I must have my slack.
If I don't live forever,
I get my money back.
So I'll just live forever.





And I will go back to the office
to the meeting
the meeting of the other
new and potentially
significant contributors
to the corporal world of communications
and the psychological world
of how to get ahead by kissing butt
butt
by not actually letting the lips
of the kisser
kisser
touch the butt of the kissy
yes
by providing the illusion
that the actual kisser's lips are indeed
kissing and touching
I mean the molecules themselves are one
on the point of contact with the kissy's butt
butt
in this case
we have found how to get ahead
ahead ahead
in the corporate world
by only using
the established norms
of success climbing up the ladder
and how to use those norms
s to be able to go in that state
in anybody's window
out of that state
but also try to get to more


andTERRA




doing the bombing
and and rather saying public
equality and economic hero coke
in the addiction yet but all the more beyond in most ways
Tube shops today is the vientana
to fish pantsary
and the lips are actually touching the butt.
But we both know now that that does not necessarily ring true
for, oh, say, a subgenius in that position.
And for those people, we have found that the best way is to give the illusion,
the zen, so to speak, or per se, of butt kissing.
And by doing so, one can derive said benefits from such action
that one who, in all sincerity, was following that path with the utmost sincerity,
to use that word again, and by doing so, fall into the trap.
Yes, by following the illusion.
Conversely, one can avoid the trap, but reap the benefits.
And so my, this concludes our topic of the zen of butt kissing.
Corporate style.
We're all brothers in a perfect world.
There's no need for spontaneity.
Perfect system, we're all brothers to the end.
I think this is about the thickest.
Thickest, thickest thing I've ever heard on KFJZ,
and since I've been listening to it.
It's not just the wars and the awards that win them.
It's not just the dull and empty distaste for a smothered culture
that expires all around you in pools of its own wastes.
It's not just the terminal folds of Nunu.
It's not just the child zombies that murder their mediocrity parents
and then cruise the streets with bloody feet.
It's not just those starry old vets on the park benches
with looks on their faces like those who shuffled out of the boxcars
of Belsen and Auschwitz.
It's not just the anesthesiologist for needy.
It's not just the heaving pink meat masses that grope and clutch all around you.
It's not just the dino bones for Wotan.
It's not just the broken headlights, snapped antenna,
and human excrement on your car hood.
It's not just that the old ways were best.
It's not just the bastardization and perversion of every honest means of self-expression.
It's not just the killer shit ganja from the dark side of the bush.
It's not just the penoid snipers locking and loading on every high-rise rooftop.
It's not just the widescreen technicolor corporate daisy chain
that has defiled the entire population.
It's not just the
It's not just the
It's not just the
It's not just the indignity of having to work for some bland,
non-entity son-of-a-bitch who thinks workers are property.
It's not just the blueness of the wound cleansed by evil.
It's not just the battling eco-freaks who want to go back to nature
without realizing that they're not alone.




without realizing that nature is an open-ditch latrine in midsummer.
It's not just some asshole with a pipe
and a shit-eating I-know-more-than-you-do-dog grin
all over his homogenized face.
It's not just the horrible feeling of being entrapped
inside a regimented, devolving world
that you certainly never made.
It's not just the doorway to doom.
It's not just wanting to know what the hell is really going on.
It's not just the missing H's
or the stolen Alpha Beta Max?
No, dear friends, there is more to it all than that.
Bob ain't no nickel-dime bum show.
I put it to you, he's on the square
and a corking fine business proposition.
He's the grandest thing yet, and don't you forget it.
Shot salvation and fighting Jesus,
you'll need to rise precious early, you sinner there,
if you want to diddle the almighty Bob.
No, he's got cough mixture with a punch on it for you, my friend.
In his back pocket, just you try it.
I understand them, they don't understand me.
They are the normals, they're all that I'm not.
But I'm a subgenius, a whole different species.
If I had my way, they all would be shot.
For when I was young, the pigs ruled the world.
Now all that has changed,
cause Bob's flag's unfurled.
I spit on normals, cause I hate their guts.
I am a subgenius.
I am a subgenius.
They like their jobs for all the wrong reasons.
They wear me down with their false holler smiles.
But my kind triumphed,
and now I'm a subgenius.
Now we will kill them,
dead normal bodies,
for mile after mile.
For when I was young, the normals held sway.
Now all that has changed, cause Bob has his day.
My shoe will soon kick a hole in their butts.
I am a subgenius.
I am a subgenius.

I am not bitter for all they did to me.
They're only humans, they're deaf, mute, and blind.
But I am a subgenius, and I have a duty.
The utter destruction of all humankind.
For when I was young, the pigs ruled the world.
Now all that has changed, cause Bob's flag's unfurled.
Soon I will grind their face in the dust.
I am a subgenius.
I am a subgenius.
Thank you.
Oh, friends, I just, I can, the miracle of the Bob world is unfolding in front of me now.
I can see in the spirit, through my windshield, I see a superimposed,
superimposed over this mixmaster across which I drive.
I can see a, a, an ocean of self-realized subgeniuses all in one place.
They're waiting up to their knees in blood, but it's the blood of the baptism of the mighty, uh, fist face of Bob!
The face that can pile through eight foot thick titanium steel conspiracy Fort Knox doors.
The face that can burn through metal with that mighty pipe!
From across the nation they came and they saw
A new will begin in northern Arkansas
They drove the storms and hurled the night
To the new awakening and dark, dark inside
The cares deep in love hanged in their ties
The journey was dead and they were feeling fine
Bobby was there but they were few
There was mostly cool guys like me and you
And we got high, so high, on Dr. Cousin
Yeah, we got high, so high, on Dr. Cousin
Hey!
Hey!
We ate lots of mushrooms to commune with nature
How are we to know we'd have to move our ship later?
Five hundred colors flashed into my brain
My self-advision occurred in three or four planes
My brain was blasted, my head feeling fixed
My eyeballs protruded but I didn't get sick
We packed up my tits but we kept seeing dots
Then we found that the peak had gotten all the best spots
So we got high, so high, on dark, dark mountains
Yeah, we got high, so high, on dark, dark mountains
The people were happy, they were all having fun
While Dr. Bob was farming skulls in the sun
The corpses were swinging, their love did abound
The average corpse floated a foot off the ground
The bandit there not one speaking his name
While his pockets on the clamshell were swaying their fame
Sparked on explosion and combo gang fights
Finished this then, just in time for us
And we got high, so high, on Dr. Cousin
Yeah, we got high, so high, on dark, dark mountains
The people were happy, they were all having fun
They remember who we were
They remember who we are
They remember who we were
We were all happy, they were all having fun

Yeah, we got high, so high, on dark, dark mountains
Ah, yes, dear friends, the swinging love corpses.
I'm gonna go back there, I'll even meet the Pope.
Better make it to Doc Doc, or just give up hope.
The dead will be walking, maybe Bob will appear.
The sound of chainsaws will be all that you hear.
Now I'm gonna go back, and I won't be stopped.
I'm gonna go back to smoke the ultimate frown.
You just can't imagine what it's like to go when reality's on hold.
And Doc Doc says, no, we gotta hide.
Hide.
In Doc Doc Mountain.
Hide.
Hide.
In Doc Doc Mountain.
Hide.

Hide.
Hide.
Hide.

Hide.
Hide.

Hide.






Hide.









Hide.
Hide.
Um, markets with repositories in my rectal cavity.
Dobbs.
It's all Dobbs stuff out here.
And if you want to talk to Dobbs, that's all you're going to get to.
Because, you know, if you really have a problem, forget it.
And then you will get a ticket to Dobbs Town.
And one of our special meditation chambers, the little dog cages.
And you can get in and mail yourself to Dobbs Town.
The church will pay for it all.
And we will support you once you get there.
You'll be so happy.
There are no dogs and no dogs to be on the street in Dobbs Town.
There are no sheep and no hideous wolf weather.
And there's no collar any longer.
What is Dobbs Town?
What is, then, Dobbs Town?
It is the stuff that dreams are made of.
It's what makes Tinkerbell and the Lost Boys fly.
It powers the Starship Enterprise.
It's the hidden code in Windows and Mac OS, though not yet available in Linux.
It's the general oblivion created when the moon dance strikes the cornea of your head.
Dobbs Town.
It's the cancer-causing, teeth-staining, smelly, pukey hat.
It's the drug that helps you find God.
It's the lonely night before that never, never ends.
Dobbs Town.
It is your brain on drugs.
It's learning to work as a team and as a slave.
It's where there is a lake in which resides the sword Excalibur kept by the lady of the lake, Connie Dobbs.
And if you think it's hard to pull that stone from out of that sword out of that lake, it's easier to pull a fig from a donkey's anus.
Dobbs Town.
It is where all the flowers have gone.
It is the home of John Dillinger's real penis.
Dobbs Town.
It is a mystery, wrapped in an enigma, smothered with sautéed mushrooms and onions in a savory gravy.
Dobbs Town.
It is John Dillinger's penis.
The savage, it did muscular gravy and surrounded by mushroom people.
Dobbs Town.
The home of both of these things.

The Lemurians and Cenobites.
My proper home.
I'm going back someday.
I've got to get back to my home.
Dobbs Town.
It's near the coast of Honalee and the land of Fredonia.
Dobbs Town.
It's the world's largest producer of manna, ambrosia, froth, and the green stuff that Dave injects into the brain to reanimate dead tissue.
Spiritual bliss with open-loam boiling every night from midnight to dawn.
Dobbs Town.
It's the residence of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Part of the year.
It's creamy and crunchy.
It tastes great and it's less filling.
It is margarine and it is butter.
But if it were to fall into enemy hands, it would mean the destruction of us all.
Ah yes, dang it.
It is the downfall of us all.
And it tastes bad on bread.
Because man, those that go don't come back.
They're losers.
Losers.
No man, those who graduate from Dobbs Town come back changed.
In a new form.
You can't see them like you can see others.
Graduated like the chrysalis to the elf.
All the way up to a higher being.
They grow and grow.
Now, their tiny skin's hardly large enough to pop them as they begin expanding into that new form.
Dobbs Town!
It's where UFOs are not just a fact of life.
They're the law.
Of course it's a law here.
Of course it's a law.
Everyone needs to live by laws, by rules.
We need to have our lives doubled by...
Dobbs Town!
It's where the bad little girls and boys go.
It's where something is happening all the time.
And most of it unsolved.
Some of it is so hard to locate.
Many of the people from the Saucer Ship Emblem itself have been sucked out and left here.
Dobbs Town.
I didn't want them to be oblique.
When they're strapped down in a chair and started asking me questions about...
Dobbs Town.
I gave them literally a location but the...
The website.
Dobbs Town.
It's Nwotchbod spelled backwards.
It's Brigadoon without the haggis.
It is surrounded by the seven cities of Cibola.
Which are its slums.
And it has a ferry to Monster Island.
And what a delightful pair of individuals you'll never find there.
The ferries of Monster Island.
Tiny little happy people who do things for other people.
Who live for other people.
So big are their hearts and so tiny is their stature.
They...
Dobbs Town!
That's where Amelia Earhart crashed, friends.
It's where the Tunguska meteorite came out after bouncing around in space.
And it was inside the Earth for a while.
Yes, if you're waiting for another salubrious comment to someway illuminate that stupid passage.
Just read it again, Stan.
Just see what you just said.
What? The Dobbs Town is where the Tunguska meteorite came out?
After bouncing around inside the planet for a while.
The Tunguska meteorite was, of course, as you know from reading your book of the subgenius, Dave.
Was a miniature black hole.
It's shot by Dobbs.
The young ten-year-old J.R. Bob Dobbs from his slingshot.
In a completely by accident.
In a fit of rage?
No, he didn't even know he was doing it.
It was just, you know, I mean, he picked up a...
Other kids might pick up a pebble or a cat skull for their slingshot.
Yeah, a cat skull. That makes a lot more sense.
But when Bob picked up a tiny black hole.
A singularity.
A singularity.
A glowing essence of nothingness sucking in all that is not Bob.
And that is what he shot into the Tunguska meteorite.
And then he shot it into the plains of Siberia.
And then past the event horizon, the little thing itself went and then became like a bigger thing?
And it went into the earth, Bob's tiny black hole did.
And it bounced around like a cue ball on a pool table.
Back and forth until finally it exited at the place we now know as Dobbs Town.
Dobbs Town, friends.
It is where a thing of beauty is a joy for a while.
It's where you are better than you were in high school.
It's where you get all the pets you ever wanted.
It was never a colony of France.
It is where science and magic are the same things.
It is the unfolding of miscalculations.
It is the dawning of the height, weight, hair and eye color of Aquarius.
It is the fizzling, crackling, itch, itch, itch.
It is the dissonant...
... dissonant fifth vortex disrupting the harmonic convergence.
It is where the early worm gets away.
It is where the grave-dickers leave their shoes in the middle of the night.
Dobbs Town!
It is for when you are too lazy to kill yourself.
Dobbs Town!
Where there are no lawyers and where the government never tries to be helpful.
Dobbs Town, friends.
It's where you can make your imaginary friends fight to the death.
Dobbs Town!
It's between the dark and daylight.
When the night is beginning to lower.
It is where neither heredity nor environment matter.
It is where the lamb and the lion lay down and have sex together, friends.
Dobbs Town!
It is proof.
It is proof that hell is full and the dead walk the earth.
It is where the fabric is worn clean.
Like yourself, one thread can back you to thousands of other threads.
That is our caustic solution for you as members of this solemn group gathered together,
squandered and quashed and pushed under heavy stones,
so that you may not know the truth that we speak.
And yet here we are, speaking it to you.
Dobbs Town is not a place where a man or woman dwells,
but a place in the heart as big as that mighty elephant yoke
and twice as tasty as all the trees that you could imagine.
Now, imagination is not a place you want to stay.
It's not a place you want to bring the kids, grandma, and ride the ferris wheel with.
It's not the kind of place you want to leave for a better home.
It's a place you visit over and over again,
with your pants on, your pants off,
and your heart ripped right out, hanging from your chest.
Dobbs Town.
Where Bob comes home after an easy day's work.
And where you can come home too, friends.
Where you'll be home!
Where you'll finally realize why.
Why.
Why.
And why you can find out more about beautiful Dobbs Town
when you join the Church of the Subgenius,
the world's only, first, true, last, final, one, true religion.
Because it admits it is full of crap.
It is the only one that's not full of crap!
And age, I know it's coming.
Each time I can tell it, you tell it.
It's where Ennio Morricone was delivered of his inspiration for this music in the background.
Huge, huge mandibles.
Large, large, fresh, gammy legs.
And now the matador Dobbs steps out before the enraged...
triceratops dinosaur.
Flashing his red Dobbs-headed cape in front of the maddened beast.
The furious creature stomps its feet and paws at the ground.
Dobbs grins! He smokes! The creature charges!
Dobbs whips out his pipe and gives it a little conk on the noggin as it runs by.
And after that...
it sits and pants like a little puppy dog.
And the structures on his back are underneath a familiargiving rock.



Pikes in place, we'll both they march together, hand in hand
The starkest of removal will strike a mighty blow
And we'll be free of the normal and the big
So give him Bob, Bob, Bob, and you'll feel a whole lot better
He's your Bob, Bob, Bob, send a dollar and a letter
He will change all your behavior, he's your short-duration savior
He is Bob, Bob, Bob
Bob!
That's me.
Dr. Philodrumon, Reverend Bleepo Abernathy, Reverend Mark Mothersbaugh, Glass Madness,
Mythical Burrowing Animals, Doctors for Bob, Doctors for Wotan, Orton Nenslow,
with that song, There's a Feller, G. Gordon Gordon, Dr. Onan Canobite,
The Swinging Love Corpses, Reverend Gudrun Thompson,
Gary Gebogfran, Lonesome Cowboy Dave, Pope Sternodox,
This, um, that Dobbs, what is Dobbs Town thing was written by New Monet.
And now, friends, Brother Cleve.
Well, there once was a man, the world's greatest salesman.
And he had devised a plan to get the shackles from my feet.
Oh, yeah, but now he's gone.
A martyr for the cause, for the fallout.
And he's coming again.
Who knew that the first shot was gonna be the last shot?
Oh, yeah.
But he's gone.
He's got a hard-driving pipe.
The gas won't go through the night.
And although he may be hurting the universe,
he'll keep on squirting all the fun.
Oh, and he's coming again.
Yeah!
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.

He can save us from the men in black.
We're just a shot from his mighty sack.
If only he could make it back
from the land of the dead.
But until that happy day,
we can only drink and say,
Father, follow.
And he's coming again.
I know he can make it.
Without him, we can't take it.
We'll lose the pieces of our minds
to the pink boys and the whims.
Until the day that he comes back,
it'll be a world without slack.
Bombs and bombs, oh.
And he's coming again.
And he's coming again.
Bombs and bombs.
Bombs and bombs.
Bombs and bombs.
Bombs and bombs.
And he's coming again.
If we don't want the exits upon us,
then we need bombs to be honest.
Bombs and bombs.
Bombs and bombs.
Bombs and bombs.
Buyeeeet!
I'll be hard.
I can't imagine I didn't consider
the title after
to keep myself clean.

now that I became famous


That's what I love.
That's what I love about the show.

I'll tell you what I mean?
No.
box. 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118. This will enable us to continue with the marvelous
operations which we've known about and we've tried to spread throughout the western hemisphere
to change this CFR trilateralist oriented goal reachers of the beyond noids getting here in this.
Send, you will get sex. This is a subliminal message brought to you in care of the subliminal
message corporation. Sex, money, Bob. These three concepts will always be linked in your mind.
Sex, money, Bob. Sex, money, Bob. Sex, money, Bob. Yes, this is a continuation of the flow spew
that the doctors of feel-good-ites now got for us here. You would have been told which Bob to tune
to in your area. And this is not a burned out, radiance-oriented cult, ladies and gentlemen.
This is a cult.
This is a spouting spew and tumping of graven images. Spewn-eyed, blunt-yield, nor-deed-yield.
My mind is my own and nobody's going to change it. I'm not going into that room.
Nobody is. Come on.
Break out of that glass box.
And join the church of the subgenius.
You are listening to the Hour of Slack. For more information, check out www.subgenius.com.
And friends, you can write to Bob or the Hour of Slack at
Post Office Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
After relaxing on the lake,
Bob's ready to have a great time entertaining his friends.
Right, Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
