And now the subgenius hour of swag
Computer activate emergency medical holographic program
I believe your world wonders me
With your majestic
and superior
cackling hand
Your people I do not understand
So to you I shall put an end
And you
will never hear
surf music again
Sounds like a lie to me
Swaying
Oh, no.
Swaying
Swaying
Swaying
Swaying
Swaying
Swaying
Swaying
Swaying
Swaying
Swaying
My fellow Americans, I'm pleased to tell you today that I've signed legislation
that will outlaw Russia forever.
We begin bombing in five minutes.
The mission and rule program in this baby has really gone.
The functioning of our senses has been spiritually impaired and chemically corrupted by the fake
artificial food coloring.
We're the lucky ones, the handful with the chance to reach another world.
And we'll use those guns, you'll use them, doctor, to keep your only chance to stay alive.
Somebody tell me.
Who are you?

Who is this guy?
Jethro Paltrow
Jethro Paltrow
Jethro Paltrow
Jethro Paltrow
Paltrow
Paltrow
Come on, baby, let me tell you about a place that ain't far from here, it's in outer space
Come on, baby, let me tell you about a place that ain't far from here, it's in outer space
That's a good chicken there.
So fast.
You say a toad over there.

I found something my toad back then.
I'll throw it now.




I've only ever been hidden in that nether time I've got someROA positive, not negative.
Never mind.
Love you!
Love you!
Oh.
Don't.
I put on the uniform to your little children.
I'm gonna kill that W argued toute, go in and get you exactly sent
off to work.
It'sはNO
I'd give you a Netherlands Islam for a full self
Amazing as it might seem to some of us
Musicians have basic physical needs
Just like real people
If I could just get my hands on a big, fat, juicy prairie squid
Oh, yeah!
Prairie squid, prairie squid
Prairie squid, prairie squid
Prairie squid, prairie squid
Whenever you're a weird man, you're a dis-and-you-bullet
Connie is coming
Let's kiss, let's do it, yes
Pissed off Connie
Pissed off Connie
Pissed off Connie
Pissed off Connie
Anti-virgin Cosmo Green, the prettiest thing you've ever seen
She's super sexy, nasty, mean, the original bad girl, so unclean
An uber from outer space, she's so outrageous in your face
An icon of desire and sex, just like me
The girls from Planet X
A diva of debauchery, mistress of hot swivory
She's ultra cool, she's so hot, a juice of genius
Patriot, our sister of salvation
A pinup queen for masturbation, a true Jezebel
She'll send you straight to pink hell
Divine domestic deviation
Connie is our inspiration
An only leader in fighting love
This is the Connie that we trust
Divine domestic deviation
Connie is our inspiration
An only leader in fighting love
This is the Connie that we trust
🎵🎵🎵
Look out boys!
Look out boys! She's on her way!

Our darling Connie is here to stay
A girl like her is something rare
She's superwoman, she's everywhere
A mighty enemy of the state
She's the devil incarnate
She's one hell of a revelation
The siren of divine creation
Hail Connie!
F*** Bob!
This girl's got class, a true hard drop
She'll get you on this righteous kick
Get with Connie, do it quick
This girl's the winner in plain to see
She's the center of our galaxy
She's the heaven of mutation
Straight from Bob's own radiation
Divine domestic deviation
She's the one who's the best





Auches Frank!
popcorn is a gem
This town is loud and kicker
An only leader in fighting love
This is the Connie, this is the Connie
That we do we trust
Wo- slowing down
course
Right now we steel the
谁
A lovely leader inciting love
Is Mr. Corny, do we trust
Mr. Corny
Mr. Corny
Mr. Corny
Mr. Corny
Divine domestic deviation
Corny is our inspiration
A lovely leader inciting love
Is Mr. Corny, do we trust
Divine domestic deviation
Corny is our inspiration
Inspiration
A lovely leader inciting love
Is Mr. Corny
Mr. Corny, do we trust
Mr. Corny
Mr. Corny
I have sinned against you, my lord
And I beg your forgiveness
And I beg your forgiveness
You do that for us





You did not answer me

I do not call it a mistake
I do not call it
A mendacity
I call it sin
I call it sin.
I want to address myself as best as I know how
to those that I have wronged, that I have sinned against.
First of all, my wife, Frances.
God never gave a man a better helpmate and companion
to stand beside him.
I have sinned against you.
And I beg you.
Forgive me.
God could never give a man, a father, a minister of the gospel,
a finer son than he has given me and his mother.
Donnie and Deppie.
I have sinned against you.
And I beg you.
Forgive me.
methadone.com


3�.tändefas resource whales for you, here in mismosac Drag and Toad Loon, TIME'S SPACE is nearly fine.
You beyond a hundred years.
4Sat.com f那個 AD you follow me on Twitter My Beastuu I настроam most music in Canberra
and see the strength of those patreon boys and those that shot the big realince that I do my best.
To all my followers.
I Dede vi che dire que Madoka Az GesellschaftBlackίοuihiää have for me.
And I have a perfect ending for them all of this.
I know that so many would ask, why?
Why?
Why?
I have asked myself that 10,000 times through 10,000 tears.
Why?
Why?
Why?
I call it sin.
I have sinned against you, my Lord.
And I would ask that your precious blood
would wash and cleanse every stain
until it is in the seas of God's forgetfulness
never to be remembered against me anymore.
config.ly



All the stupid people
Where do they all belong?
Look at this moron
Cutting me off on the freeway
Because he can't drive
He should not be alive
Here comes George Jr.
Constructing sentences badly
While he smirks and grins
Will he get in?
All the stupid people
Where do they all come from?
All the stupid people
Where do they all belong?
I look at all the stupid people
I look at all the stupid people
Monica Lewinsky
Down on her knees in an office
That's all she's got
She's got an oval in shape
They have her on tape
Limbaugh and Laura
Turning it into a radio moral crusade
They need to get laid
All the stupid people
Where do they all come from?
All the stupid people
Where do they all belong?
ierenlobby.net
Welcome to the Nerds Boys and Bosses show
Welcome to the Nerds Boys and Bosses show
What you will find is a series of unleashed
David's Addicted wallpapers
Conspiracy of AND


Kids are home
上 你 내려到
Your cue time is a week away
we just played was from an old subgenius CD called A Squid for Connie, I think.
And the one we just heard, All the Stupid People, was by Reverend Phineas Narco, who
has his own show on National Cynical Radio.
Praise Phineas!
You might want to check him, too.
Praise Phineas, indeed.
He actually has a very nice singing voice.
Yes, he does.
Before that, we had Jimmy Swaggart preaching business there.
The amazing confession of Jimmy Swaggart was from, it was a band called Panting Antics,
and that's all I know about them.
Reverend Bleepo Abernathy, who is the voice on our titles, by the way, sent us that in
the 90s, and it's great.
Right.
The song Sister Connie, kind of a disco song, that was by Saint Anne and Helena Handbasket,
who aren't around as a band together anymore, although we ran into Saint Anne in Detroit,
the previous Detroit revival before the one that was last night that we missed.
There was a revival in Detroit, and I forgot about it because we were invited back in November,
and we thought for sure we were going to be out of town all this time.
So when it actually happened, I didn't get reminded until...
What's going on in the background here?
I'm listening to...
Oh, no, wrong.
That's because wrong...
That one.
Yeah, whenever Dave gets here, then we can...
We won't have to be doing two levels of credits at once, see?
...was the message from space by champion Jack Codini.
All of those sequences off of...
A squid for Connie.
Oh, well, the thing that didn't get mentioned in there was there was a collage by Chaz Smith,
VSO Radio, which was on WCSB for a thousand years until Reverend Dances with Rockets went
to dance on his escape vessel before the rest of us.
But that was a great collage.
It was a kind of rock and roll.
Hey, I'll tell you, talking about medical matters, right, you know,
I went to see me old mate Fat Larry in the hospital.
He's having his tonsils out.
Now, I had mine done about six months ago.
I remember I was having a lot of trouble, and my very, very handsome man friend, Dr. Simon,
you know, he's from Leicester's a shire, right, said I better let him operate.
Well, I submissively laid back while he came over me.
And after a few tentative probes and pokes, he whipped out me big swollen pear as soon as you could say Jack Robinson,
brought me instant relief, I can tell you.
Although, of course, he did leave me a little raw, and it was quite a while before I could swallow properly.
Well, anyway, I went to see Fat Lass.
I took him some chocolates, and for a gag, I hid them under my ankle-length black fur coat with the single vent at the rear.
Well, when I got there, Fat Lass looked at the bulge down below and turned him around,
prized open the slit at the back to get a good look at the old big box.
Well, he greedily grabbed it and was just about to get stuck in when I remembered,
Oi!
Lass!
Kneel by mouth, our kid!
Oh, well, he was right, act off.
Said he was fed up, not getting what he wanted.
Said that very morning, the hospital cook had presented him with his lovely spotted dick,
and he hadn't been able to take that either.
Oh, blimey!
Well, I felt sorry for him, but I fancied the chocolates meself,
and fair play to Larry, he helped me push them all in me mouth.
And what a sight the very, very sexy ward sister friend found when she came in,
saw Fat Lass stuffing me between the cheeks, you know.
Well, I left him soon after, feeling very sorry for himself,
but I know it won't be too long before he'll be able to gobble away to his heart's content.
But, you know, I mean, you should look after yourself, shouldn't you?
Which is why me and my very, very sexy lady friend, Foxy Fiona, went to a health farm just the other week.
Well, we got there, we got to our bedroom with our luggage.
I was just about to unload my big bag in the corner when very sexy lady friend, Foxy Fiona,
asked me if I'd be, you know, rising early.
Well, when I told her I wanted to be up at six, her jaw dropped.
She said it might be a bit too hard for her, you know, getting up so early.
Still, she soon got used to it, and particularly enjoyed an early dip in the pool just before breakfast.
I'd recommend it too, you know, a quick length first thing in the morning, always puts a spring in your step.
Well, when it came to breakfast time, we were at it like rabbits, you know, scoffing away at all the lettuce and carrot salad.
I also enjoyed the celery that was available, but when I offered some to Foxy Fiona, she refused.
She said she didn't really fancy Goblin on a full store just then, but if I, you know, gave it to her later in the sauna, she might have a nibble.
Well, as we were on a strict vegan diet, we weren't allowed to eat any dairy produce, which personally, I found very difficult indeed.
And I've got to confess, I did try to smuggle some butter in, but unfortunately, would you adamant believe it, I got caught.
I mean, I only had a small knob, and was really surprised when the elf farm manager walked into my bedroom, grabbed hold of it, and tossed it out of the window.
Still, apart from that, we had an enjoyable time. It's anecdotal, really, but look after your health, and then you'll be in the mood for lovin'.
Mmmmmm, come over to the good doctor.
Mmmmmm.
That was the great Fat Harry White.
Yes, dear friends.
From England, merry old England, of course.
And, uh...
Mmmmmm.
This is Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Yes, it is.
Oh, it is?
It's Dave!
I'm sorry.
Excuse me.
So, you made it.
You made it!
I made it. I made something. I don't know if I made it or not.
It's about three foot high.
It has green hair and sharp yellow teeth.
It's alive!
And, yes, more than alive, it's supra-alive.
It's got a huge beak.
It's a little, uh, banana-enclosed in the middle.
And, uh, little maraschino cherries under the eyeballs.
That reminds me of the creation of J.R. Bob Dobbs in the Church of the Subgenius late that night in Dr. Howell's laboratory.
Yes, and he still has the bolts in his neck to prove it.
Yep. Well, actually, they ran out of bolts, that's why they used the pipe in his neck.
Yes, I do remember the story.
So...
Which you've told so many times.
It's apocryphal, of course. We all know that it was the monster who created Dr. Howell.
Dr. Howell didn't create J.R. Bob Dobbs.
How would you do the stitching? How could you stitch...
You know, it's... He's invulnerable.
That's the worst word.
Unless he wants to be stitched.
Do you want to be stitched, my friend?
Not you. I was talking to the audience.
You know, the real people. Not us.
Do you, my listener friend, want to be stitched?
Maybe.
And go on...
Reverend Stein is such a stitch.
Eh...
Maybe.
I have these prune-shaped objects. I thought it was a hernia at first.
Are you sure you want to talk about this on the radio?
Well, it has to do with stitching, with good stitching, which is important.
Well, yeah, because they'll...
If they poke out of your gut sac, those intestine loops become herniated.
And that hurts.
Yeah.
And they become argumentative, too.
They want to, you know, pick up the fight for something or another, whether it's the return of Hong Kong to the Asiatic continent or...
That's right.
You know, Speelunker's ideas, you know.
Caves and boners and things.
Well, J.R. Bob Dobbs was...
was memoryless, you know, when he started out.
And so that was like a pure slate.
Much like what I thought I was about to say, which just went completely away.
Pablo Rosso.
Yeah.
Yeah, a blank... a blank slate.
Listener, go ahead and put your thoughts into our mouths, because we don't know what we're talking about.
Hell no.
You just imagine.
You can just turn the radio off and imagine what we're saying.
And you'll probably...
It'll probably be funnier, better, smarter, more informed.
We use a form of communication known as collateral meaning.
It's very similar to free association, except for it costs us dearly.
But basically, one word or two will suspend a number of ideas upon its axis and become a type of monogram sentence for the evening.
And then the meaning is created out of that.
Everybody thinks we're damn brilliant and stuff instead of what we really are.
Which is bad jugglers of bad words.
And bad thoughts.
Well, we can't do anything about the thoughts.
We could probably practice the juggling a little bit more, but...
Yeah, really.
I'd rather play video games these days.
And juggle words.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, after 40,000 years of it, you know, you get tired.
Me and Ramtha, my old buddy, it...
Yep.
Immortal caveman.
He got to speak through kind of an attractive blonde lady when he was channeling, but I have to channel through this shrimpy little old man with glasses.
You're not shrimpy.
Are you talking about yourself?
I'm not channeling either.
I'm... I was kidding.
I don't know what caused me to think about Ramtha.
The... Do you know who that is?
Sounds like some sort of Egyptian deity, but I know it isn't.
It was...
No.
It's a new age lady who channels a 50,000 year old caveman, and she talks like this with kind of a gruff voice when she's doing it.
Oh, that's really funny.
Well, I'm sure to believe her.
She was huge.
She made a lot of money.
In fact, her foundation is behind that terrible movie, What the Bleep Do We Know?
Mm-hmm.
Which was a hodgepodge of aberrant superstition.
Yes, that movie was...
Well, wasn't Bleep Do We Know one of the subgenius?
Yeah, Reverend Bleepo Abernathy.
We know Bleepo.
He's the only professional recording engineer in the whole Church of the Subgenius, and we're depending on him to mix our...
Our...
Link.
Radio.
Yeah, our weak link of our radio play that was going to be a movie.
Remember that?
Mm-hmm.
So I've decided what I'm going to do...
And you've been waiting for us to do that, and instead we channel a 50,000 year old caveman.
Well, it worked better.
Pays and pays better.
What I was thinking I was going to do is...
I've heard that John Huston and Ed Wood both did this.
It's like the script's too long, so I'll just reach in and pull out 20 pages at random.
Then throw all the pages that are left up in the air and shuffle them, just use them, film it however they land.
Although I was going to throw in somebody else's script too, so that it's suitably subgeniously and not too pink.
And then we'll record...
We have to do a Kickstarter campaign to get everybody to give us a million dollars, and then we can all have plane tickets and go record it somewhere.
Oh, man, that would be great.
Right.
Well, the technique you're calling, you think that's what got you in trouble with the Florida State Police?
Well, and plus the fact that we'll probably all be dead before any of this happens.
Let's face it.
I'm not going to argue with you on this.
No, let's not argue.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Nor am I going to slip silently into this.

I'm going to do the Land of Oak thing, or whatever Bill and Thomas said when he was having his cerebral concussions after drinking 24 pints of ale.
I can't imagine you slipping silently, or even sipping silently.
No.
The last time you sipped at my house, it was like...
Yeah, I've taken some guff here in this tiny little town where I'm...
You were slurping up that dark night.
There he is, there he goes.
You were slurping that dark night very unpeacefully, I must say.
In some cultures, it's considered a compliment, though.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Belching and so forth.
Yeah, making loud noises while you slurp.
I was raging at the dying of the light.
Reverend Joel is here, by the way, from African Abstract and many other shows here.
Howdy, dowdy.
He must not have had anything better to do tonight.
Poor guy.
There's some superb owl thing happening, I think.
An owl thing?
Superb owl?
Is that a band or...
I guess so.
I don't know.
It's the reason Charleston didn't want to come in here.
And I had to sub for him.
I have a CD in the bag there called The Owls of Ohio.
But they're not really superb.
They're really just owls.
It's a lot of different...
They are literally recordings of owl calls.
Owls hooting, yeah.
We've already played them on the show.
All different kinds, from snowies to dwarf beetles.
These are just Ohioan owls.
Mm-hmm.
And you know, you get the sound...
You get the feeling from listening to the way they sound that they probably all voted for Kasich.
Who?
Yeah.
Freaking out.
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who's ruining the country?
Who's ruining the state?
No, no, no.
No.
Who's on first?
Yeah.
What?
What's on second?
An owl.
That's what's on second.
Okay.
Now we got it all figured out.
Who's on first and there's an owl on second?
And that's why everybody's been so confused.
Mm-hmm.
And there's a...
And I don't give a who.
All of it gave me a brain owie.
I guess he wanted to do a double play.
After they threw to first base, he said, who?
He was yelling to get first baseman.
So he says, who?
Who?
He wants him to throw him the ball.
It all gives me a brain owie.
All of it gives me a brain owie.



Yeah.
Gives me a smelly owie.
See, I have an olfactory packet packed, packed, packed deeply in my olfactory packet.
And when I feel fit and when I deem so, the smells come out just as quick as you go.
I say this, I say that, and it's accompanied by the cruelest smells you could imagine.
Well, it's interesting how most people use their noses to sense smells from the nose.
They're not outside, whereas your nose actually creates smells.
It's attuned to my pancreas.
Can you smell the scents that your nose creates?
Yes.
That skunk tail you have for a nose?
Yes.
Yes, I can.
It doesn't just do...
It's funny though, the skunk tail that Dave has for a nose doesn't just do bad smells.
It can do patchouli and different kinds of incense.
It multi-tasks.
It's very good at imitating Nag Champa incense.
Yeah.
Yes.
It can also do many tricks and signs like hyperbolic values, calculus, advanced supercuneus algebra,
and techniques therein that I learned back in the 11th century.
That's silly.
It's quite a little device.
But does Dave's nose do pleasant smells like violet and roast beef?
No, that's what I was just saying.
Oh.
Yeah, I don't know.
Dave, can you make your nose emit the smell of the nose?
The smell of roast beef?
Or like when you go by a Chinese restaurant and you're hungry?
Wow.
Yeah, that sounds weird.
That mic is a little crumbly.
Excuse me, Mike.
I thought the phone witches were attacking my house again.
No, they've attacked Reverend Joel's microphone.
That's what that sounded like too, so we are under psychic attack right now.
I liked it.
It was a little scary.
It was a little scary.
You went, it's Reverend .
It was kind of like, why don't you talk like that, real funny, wiggling your voice box.
You don't have to wiggle your voice box to do that, do you, Dave?
Your skunk tail nose just comes up and whips your Adam's apple.
Well, the mastic bones are also involved too.
I make the sound also with my mouth as well as with my Adam's apple, which is quite a fruit.
This show doesn't make any sense.
That is quite a fruit.
Your Adam's apple.
Hey, would you all like to hear Elvis Presley singing Sweet Home Alabama?
I was hoping for King Creole, but if you must.
I have it queued up.
I don't know that we'll play the whole thing, but I think it'd be worth just listening to.
Just a taste?
Just a wee taste?
Let's see what happens, wee taste.
It really is Sweet Home Alabama, goodbye.
And Elvis.
Big wheels keep on turning.
Get me home to my kin.
Singing songs about the Southland.
I'm with my family.

Once again.
And I think I should say, yeah.
I heard Mr. Young sing about her.
There's no need to put her down.
I hope Neil Young will remember.
Southern man don't need him around anyhow.
Okay, well, we don't need you, Elvis.
Yeah, really.
But that's okay.
No, that was, that's a guy in Ireland.
It's an Irish Elvis.
Oh, really?
Okay.
Yeah, we used to perform under the name The King.
You want to hear a funny story about that song?
Maybe on this mic.
Okay.
A funny story about that song is that I saw this movie called 20 Feet From Stardom.
And it was about these people that were like backup singers.
These girls that were backup singers for like all the famous songs from the 60s and 70s.
And this one girl, Mary Clayton, she was hired as a backup singer for the Lynyrd Skynyrd Tyndall Sweet Home Alabama.
But she was so not in favor of that song that she did her own version of Southern Man,
which was like the Neil Young song that was kind of making fun of them.
So, isn't it interesting?
I probably know the older song better.
Yeah.
Well, these class and divisions, which are often accompanied with rule techniques and barking and strange noises,
we have to just disavow them and pretend like, well, not pretend like, but assume that our minds are being toyed with.
They are being toyed with.
That's a safe assumption in any case.
Yeah.
In any, on any radio station, in any show, somebody's mind is being toyed with.
Yes.
Being tinker toyed with.
The laws of rhetoric go back thousands of years.
Socrates and all of those were quite aware of how to make people jump and dribble as they choose.
Well, actually, I sort of sympathize with Lynyrd Skynyrd because I'm offended as a native Southerner
sort of on a daily basis because people tend to, well, Yankees tend to equate, they love to stereotype Southerners.
And that song is a reaction against that.
And I don't blame them.
Actually, when I heard that Southern Man song, part of me was going, yeah, right on.
But part of me was going, wait a minute.
We're not all in the Ku Klux Klan.
Isn't this a little bit like, you know, Ku Klux Klan in Russia?

Or is this some kind of a song in reverse or something?
We're not all wearing sheets down here in Southern downtown Cleveland.
But how did you feel about sort of the present weather situation, how Southerners have been insulted because they can't drive in like two inches of snow and they have to shut the whole town down?
Oh, that happens every year.
That's nothing new.
I used to be one of those people in Dallas.
Spinning end over end in my car at five miles an hour in a parking lot, gunning the motor because I didn't know how to drive on ice and I was panicked because there was this white stuff coming from the sky.
Now, they had special conditions in Atlanta.
Satan's dandruff.
Reverend Susie the floozy caused the whole place using her witchy powers, caused instant freezing everywhere just when everyone hit the road at once.
Didn't the mayor say, well, God, I'm going to go to the hospital.

The roads aren't safe.
So everyone get in your car and drive home now.
Schools are all out.
Hospitals are empty.
You know, go home.
Get the car.
It was like when the in Houston a year and a half ago or so, they thought they thought there was another tsunami or something, you know, big hurricane they thought might be on the way.
Oh, we better evacuate Houston.
There's only one way out of Houston.
And it was a parking lot for three days or something.
Mm hmm.
So, yes, it's hilarious when the bad weather hits the south.
Yeah, I agree.
As long as I'm not in it, which I was about a month ago.
That's why we're back here.
The weather was so much worse down there.
We decide to come back to zero degrees below zero in Cleveland.
And what a wise choice it was.
Yes.
A wily choice.
We thought it was a wise choice.
I'm going to turn this background music is warming.
It's healing.
It's a Mayan ruins is the name.
It's a local band, semi local somewhere around here.
They always hand me their new album at Starwood.
Mayan ruins.
It doesn't sound very Mayan.
It sounds kind of Middle Eastern.
Yeah.
Maybe a little Siberian on the side.
Somewhere out in the mountains.
Siberian.
Where the camel trains used to go until the camels got there.
And they got too cold and had to turn back and bring all their worldly possessions with them and face the monikers and the art works and all the other creatures that gathered together to wish them well.
But they couldn't make it to Grimm Cafe.
That whole trail is littered with dead camels all the way up to the top of Mount Rushmore.
In fact, you can walk from camelback to camelback upon these dead monsters.
Well, except that some of them are kind of soft and gooey.
They're kind of mushy at this point.
Yeah, but you can gain much more purchase on a soft, gooey animal than you can on a slippery rock.
Yeah, about the six weeks rotten stage you just punch through.
It's hard to get your foot out of that mess.
I don't want to turn the audience's stomach envisioning people walking across an endless series of islands of rotting dead camel humps just to get to the top of Mount Rushmore.
Because once they get there, Russell Means and Dennis, they're going to be dead.

Dennis Banks and the American Indian Movement guys are just going to run you off.
They're still camped out on top of Teddy Roosevelt's head. Did you know that?
I was thinking about George Washington's nose.
I mean, not in this particular instance, but I've been thinking about it lately and I'd just like to bite it.
I wish I could go back in time and bite him right on the nose and pull his wig off.
Now, there was that Alfred Hitchcock movie, North by Northwest, that had a climactic chase on Mount Rushmore.
Whose nose did Gregory Peck end up hanging off of?
Jefferson's.
Oh, was that it? He was swinging by like a root that looked like a nose hair as the bad guys were closing in on him.
I forget how he got out of that fix.
Well, that was the root canal that we'd all been waiting for, that would bring us freedom and true Jeffersonian democracy.
That's what it's all about. No, I'm not, I'm sorry.
A root canal coming through the nose.
Now, that's really cool.
That's really new.
With little canal boats filled with goodies for the children and sleigh rides.
Ah, boy, that's the America I want to live in.
Yeah.
To get to certain parts, they have to go through other parts sometimes.
Like if you've got a kidney stone, I don't want to say where they have to go in through.
Well, I'll come right out and say it to you.
I think some people with a sadistic enough imagination can imagine it.
I passed out under that, I had a kidney stone and they did that thing that you were talking about to me.
And the guy said, this will pinch a little bit.
Sure. I passed out on the floor. They had to grab me.
Wow. That's pain. That's real pain. That makes you pass out? Oh, yeah.
It made me pass out. Plus the idea of that tube going even further than that. I mean, that made me pass out.
Okay, it was like a tube, tubular situation.
Yeah, tube within tube.
Not knives, right? Just tubes.
No, they didn't cut me up to do it. They just, we're going to go in there and make sure we already know you've got a kidney stone.
Oh, man.
Speaking of kidney stones, you know that stuff they sell as Himalayan pink salt?
Yeah.
Are you familiar with that? I mean, it's a real product in stores. It's kind of expensive, fancy salt and it is pink.
I thought it was like Hawaiian pink.
It's imported by Sherpas.
Right. It comes from, it's not really salt.
Those are kidney stones of Yetis and that's why it's so expensive.
Oh, man.
And the Yetis are glad to get rid of them, but they're hard to, it's hard to get them, you know.
But man, the flavor that those impart is just out of this world.
It is very salty.
It is a culinary treat for those who have the eyes and ears to nose it.
But if you don't let them dissolve all the way, they'll be your kidney stone next.
Yep.
I'd warn everybody in the listless audience that if they wouldn't, that if they don't take care of their kidney stones on a regular basis, they'll have to endure.
Well, the Andean salt.
Feed your kidney stones, folks.
You know, you don't want them to shrivel up and just die.
You want to make them strong, healthy, big, covered with spikes.
I think the spikes form where they're kind of stuck down the little urethra tubes.
And crystals form and it pops in and out of there.
I don't know.
I've been lucky.
You know, I'm eager to have my kidney stone.
Ouch, ouch, ouch.
Man.
Ouch.
You know, we've been talking tonight of kidney stones and hernias.
But, you know, suffering can bring great wisdom to a person.
In fact, J.R. Bob Dobbs himself, and this is doctrinal in Book of the Subgenius.
He received his first emaculation while he was in the hospital after a hernia operation.
He was all doped up.
And that was actually his second emaculation, his second series of visions.
Well, I thought that's why he was in the hospital, because he was all doped up.
No, he was in the hospital for a hernia operation that he'd gotten from trying to carry a bathtub down his stairs.
A claw-footed bathtub.
Yeah.
It sounds funny.
But if you're in that position.
I admired Bob so much that I tried to imitate his.
I wanted to have visions, too, so I carried a bathtub down some stairs.
And sure enough, I got an inguinal hernia.
And it made, in the long run, the operations from all that made me a lot more like Adolf Hitler.
That's how that came to be.
Yeah.
Did they give you some good drugs, though?
And did you get some good visions?
Yeah, I did.
I did have.
Well, you know what?
Believe it or not, while I was doped up on a hospital bed, I wrote all the little ads for the church and the subgenius that you get printed out on one page.
There's like a page of a million little ads for you to cut out.
I wrote all of that stuff while I was on some kind of painkillers.
I was only a little child then, trying to be like Bob.
How did I know what was going to happen?
So this explains some breakaway memories of...
I'm standing against you.
Put down that bathtub.
Lay down your weary head.
Bob is gonna jump up and down on you and make you wish you was dead.
So put down that bathtub.
Put down that bathtub.
Sorry.
Put down that bathtub.
James, I wish you could remember the last time you had a bathtub.

















I wish you could remember the words to all your other songs as well as you remembered the words to the one you just made up.
Are you mocking a certain professor on the East Coast who's been using my songs as parts and downloading from your site?
What?
And I saw him recently and I tried to play some of them for him and I forgot the darned words to my songs.
What?
What?
There is a certain professor in a certain hippie college who is part of his...
I mean, part of the synopsis for this semester is protest songs from the Bush era.
And he wanted iodine...
I couldn't even remember iodine-131.
That's your hint, Dave.
That was the one that put you on the map.
Yeah, it's got four words too.
Iodine-131, iodine-131.
No, no, it has a whole bunch of chemical names in it.
Yeah.
Got my thyroid on the run.
Yeah, there's a lot of lyrics.
Krypton-85.
Krypton-85.
Yeah, making it hard just to stay alive.
Stay alive.
See, you know him better than me.
But the main one he was doing was...
Shake the bony hand of the poisoned man.
Shake the bony hand and shake it good.
I know all your songs by heart, Dave.
All seven of them.
That one had a lot of words.
Yeah.
Yeah, and they were all pertinent when Fukushima happened.
And, you know, they're perennial.
So was somebody using your song, The President's, on the phone?
Yes, that is a true truth.
And he is an actual doctor of something.
You know, it's a miracle that there's any kind of a recording of that at all.
I think that was recorded at the Beachland Ballroom.
It would be a Reverend Stang miracle if it was recorded.
Yeah.
Yeah, folks, if you are desperate to see a video of The President's on the phone, Dave's song,
I guess type The President's on the phone into a Google window.
I bet it'll come up.
I bet it will.
Do you have Iodine 131 somewhere, too?
No.
No, it's on the wall.
No, I didn't make a video of that.
But I did make a music video of The President's on the phone because we had so much great art that year.
2000, it was election year or something.
Oh, the war was going on.
All kinds of stuff was going on.
Yeah.
It was an exciting year.
Yeah.
We're all going to get back this year.
Yeah.
You can't have too many wars for too often.
It gets boring.
You can't keep them going forever and ever and ever and ever.
People lose interest.
Well, they switch to a different place.
Or sometimes you start rooting for the other side, whatever that might be.
I don't know if it's afterlife or something but.
Anyway, Dave did a great anti-war song called The President's on the phone that was most paranoid,
and the artwork that goes with it we threw in with the songs, it's great.
Right.
Yeah, and that was done by an actual, you know, an actual paranoid schizophrenic, not just a paranoid.
A bunch of paranoid schizophrenics.
Are you kidding?
A whole church of the subgenius pitched in on that project.
Yep.
And I was so gratified.
So many straitjackets were helping me toe the line.
Yeah.
It takes a lot of straitjackets to have a lonesome cowboy Dave rock and roll show.
That's for sure.
Yep.
Because most of the people want to leave and they have to be strapped down on their seats.
The name of your band was so un-PC that it sort of precluded any conspiracy release.
Mondo Retardo?
Retardo's Mondo Band.
Oh, was that it?
Yes.
It kind of changed every time, didn't it?
Yes.
Princess Wee was the main backup singer.
And I was the only groupie.
Backup singer?
Singer and go-go dancer.
Yeah.
And Bobby Mosk, Mosk, Mosk, Bob, Bob, original, not original, but Bob, Bob, was a telephone artist.
The real Bob.
Bob Mosk.
The real Bob.
Yeah.
And even Charles played the organ once in a while.
Yeah.
But I remember he wore a disguise so nobody would know it was him that last time.
Yeah.
He didn't want to be ashamed.
He was ashamed of us.
I'm not a real musician.
I just...
They laughed at Beethoven.
Yeah.
Because, you know, every time he couldn't hear very well and he...
Well, now, Dave, just because they laughed at Beethoven and they laugh at you doesn't
mean they're laughing at the same things.
They may have been laughing with Beethoven.
Oh, we did...
We went over this last week.
I'm sorry.
I don't mean to rub it in.
Well, was it the saddle sores or the...
No, well, the bag bomb and how they're laughing at you.
Not with you.
At the bag bomb?
But as Onan said...
What did Onan say?
Something like, I'd rather have the right people laughing at me than the wrong people laughing with me.
Than the left people laughing on you?
What?
Well, I'd rather have the right people laughing at me than the wrong people laughing with me.
Which is a really elitist thing to say.
I remember people used to go, God, this church is so genius.
You guys seem really elitist.
It's like, duh, that's right.
And we're not better than you because we're smarter or more informed.
We're better just because.
And that's all.
Just because.
So there.
Because we're church subgeniuses.
Because we said so.
Because we got Bob and you don't.
So therefore, we can look down on you.
And we'll pray for you, though.
We'll charitably...
How many times have you had somebody go, I'll pray for you.
In the same tone of voice that somebody else would say, go to hell.
Yeah.
I'm going to pray for you.
I'm going to kill you.
Yeah.
God, I've gotten that one a bunch.
Not enough.
The look is what, you know, tells you when they say, I'll pray for you.
I mean, they grit their teeth a little bit and they smile.
It's like one of those, you know, SS smiles.
I've had the peace sign shot at me in an officious, violent way.
Yeah.
Rage peace.
Yeah.
Remember that?
That old, that lady who was blocking the bridge at Starwood.
We were in a big hurry to get to our presentation and she was waddling along deliberately in
the middle of the road.
And I actually gave a little polite beep on my horn and she turned around and shot the
peace sign at me.
Yes.
She did not make a peace sign.
She shot the peace sign.
She violently shot the peace sign at you.
And then we later found out...
Like, peace out, dude.
Her destination was the same.
She was in the same place.




She was going to have to walk into a room where we were the ones making the...
Well, it was our friend, the crop circle maker, making the presentation.
Yes.
He gave lessons on how to do crop circles.
British guy.
Reverend crop circle maker.
Yeah, circle maker.
We brought him in from England.
And he actually makes them himself.
I'm not familiar with him.
Yeah.
He and his friends.
He's a...
He's the only circle maker who came out.
And the other circle makers don't like him because of that.
But he goes around and goes, yes, it's really done by a bunch of artists on vitamin K, I think
was what their favorite...
Yes, they call it vitamin K.
They have a lot of...
And there's a methamphetamine problem in rural England, just like there is in rural America.
And what do you do if you're in a town where there's nothing to do but make elaborate Celtic
designs in the middle of rapeseed fields?
Well...
They prefer rape.
That's a type of grain.
Of an oil seed.
A grain crop.
Their rape is the preferred medium of circle makers and of aliens from outer space who
also make crop circles.
Of course.
I don't want to pop anybody's...
Yeah, don't...
Yeah.
Don't get the aliens mad, too.
Who is better?
Circle makers have technology for it.
They don't understand our centurions and our snake critters and our...
They don't understand our centurions and our snake critters and our...
Different variant...
You know, the variant orifices that we have.
I mean, it takes a human being to come up with a really startling...
I know a guy who made...
He worked for years on a documentary about how crop circles are real.
And then he got...
He emailed me about something and I blurted out to him,
Oh, I know a bunch of the guys that make those things.
Boy, did he get upset.
He suddenly was like...
Trying to destroy the new age, Reverend Stang.
It's like, well, we've always been doing that, duh.
But, you know, and not that we have to do much.
It kind of...
Does itself.
Yeah, yeah.
Right.
But if we could, we'd really do in the new age.
We wouldn't just do it through illusion and other delightful noises.
We'd go right in there and rip its throat out.
No, I'll admit it's jealousy.
It's because we're facing old age.
We...
We can't...
We can't have any more new age.
Not us.
Until we get on our spaceships, on the escape vessels on X-Day.
July 5th, 1998, which should be coming up any minute now.
Yeah, but that'll only really be a nouvelle age, so to speak.
That reminds me, I've got to put our PR stuff up about X-Day drill number 17.
17?
Yes, this will be the...
Actually, it was...
It will technically be the 19th...
Well, it'll be the 17th time we've sincerely waited for the aliens to destroy the world.
And there are babies...
Except for us.
But...
There are babies who were born at the first...
That's exactly right.
There were.
And they can drink now.
And whose parents took them regularly.
And now they're waiting in the wings for a fostering angel to remove them from this group.
They're the ones who say to me,
Oh, yeah.
That Bob Dobbs stuff.
My parents made me memorize that when I was a kid.
I hate that.
Yeah.
It's like going to Catholic school.
Yeah.
I became a Catholic to get away from that Bob Dobbs stuff.
I became an Orthodox Jew.
That's so much easier than being a subgenius.
I don't know these kids today.
They just don't understand the sacrifice we had to make.
Yeah, man.
Sacrifices?
Sacrifices?
Sacrifices?


Sacrifices?

Sacrifices?
Sacrifices?






For one thing.
Yeah.
Well, I didn't have to sacrifice any because I didn't pass the genius test to begin with.
But I think what they had to do to Dr. Howell to make him qualify for subgenius church.
Yeah, they had to remove a goodly three quarters of his brain.
Yeah, and he's still smarter than everybody else.
Yeah, much.
Even after that three quarters was replaced with mushrooms.
He could still out babble anybody.
Yeah.
Yeah.













Did you know that the three quarters of the inside of Dr. Howell Robbins' brain has been replaced by mushrooms?
He told me so.
Oh.
With the remaining brain that he had left.
Which is more than all the rest of us have put together.
It must be why he's such a fun guy.

There's another ringtone for you, folks.
Oh.

Sounds quite mad.
Oh.
Yes, the Princess Wee Chortle ringtone.
We really should sell those.
Oh, no.
I'm baby blue.
I just can't imagine what they done to you.
Well, we're going to have to be getting out of here pretty soon.
I should mention what this all is.
The Hour of Slack is the name of the show.
We're doing this from the beginning.



We're in the studios of WCSB Cleveland right now.
But you may be hearing this later on some other station through time control.
And, oh, subgenius.com.
Yeah.
Calm yourself.
It's simply subgenius.com.
Yeah.
Calm and bomb.
And again, this music in the background is from Mayan Ruin's CD called Temple of Ancient Dub.
Yes.
Yes, thank you, Christian Hartman.
What a fine name for a subgenius.
That's actually my son's name.
Christian Hartman?
Hartman?
No, remove that part, but the first part.
Christian.
Dub orchestra?
And he has a...
Temple of?
Yeah.
Mayan?
Yeah.
And urine, too.
Ugh.
Not only Mayan.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But you're...
Didn't you do that joke already?
Yeah.


Once today?
Oh, we do it three times every time we do it.
We're getting on in years, and we can't tell when we've already done one of these shows
all the way through, word for word.
Yeah, that's...
You know, you tend to tell the same stories over and over again.
Is that ancient Mayan or ancient urine?
It's terrible.
Well, what do you expect?
I don't know.
We've reached the end of our tether, and all we can do is bite and bark.
You've reached the end of your candor?
Tether.
That's a short...
A tether.
Tether, and it is a short tether.
I can be candorous as long as permitted, but I dare not.
I might step on some big, fat, stinky feet, including my own.
That's a good trick.
Yeah, that's a good business for you.
Because if you're going to step on your feet, you need an extra foot to step on both feet.
You only have two.
Okay, I'm going to fight everybody out because...
It's a bleeding show over.
I mean...
Yeah, it's over.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Aye, aye, aye, aye, and all that.
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
It's the voice of the mob howling for blood.
Joe, perhaps the world is sick and I'm well.
Who's on the big show tonight?
Listen, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Remember, Bob.
Please, call me Bob.
Please, call me Bob.
Please, call me Bob.
Please, call me Bob.
Please, Bob.
Please, Bob.
Please, Bob.
Please, Bob.
Please, Bob.
Please, Bob.
He will not reveal his identity,
so for today, we're calling him Bob.
Wow.
Oh, yeah.
I love Bob.
Some people are.
I love that Bob.
Friends, we're glad you listened to this show.
We're even more glad that some listeners
have donated enough to help us
keep on going for another couple of months.
Not just this show,
but subgenius.com
and all the other archive sites.
But if you truly
love Bob and want some of that
slack back to rebound
to you, you should go to
subgenius.com front page
or especially the radio page
or the catalog store pages
and help out financially
as best you can.
Now, we know what it's like
to be on the brink of total poverty
and we don't want any subgeniuses
to make their own situations worse.
But some of you still have jobs.
Even five bucks
makes a big difference,
even if it's only once a month
from enough of you.
Fifty bucks makes an even bigger difference.
All we're saying
is that
blow jobs could go the way of
Steve jobs if you don't pay Dobbs.
We also know that
you can take checks and money orders to
Subgenius Foundation
P.O. Box
181
417
Cleveland Heights
Ohio
44118
Thanks for
anything you can do to help
let there be slack.
