Ah, yes, dear friends, this is KNON 89.3 FM in Dallas, Texas.
A mighty, mighty time.
However, in order for you to feel, you'll need more than just knowledge.
So we're going to add real experiences to your database.
We want power! We want power! We want power!
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
Ladies and gentlemen, please leave your sub-suggested.
We're having operating difficulties, which has necessitated a delay in the beginning of our Sunday movie, It's a Wonderful Life.
No trouble.
Just get set and get going.
Hey, recording.
Everything's going fine.
No trouble.
This is Doug Smith, radio operator.
I'm going to bring you a piece of that green cheese for sure.
Bob?
Bob?
Ray!
Bob!
You can read along with me in your book.
You will know it is time to turn the page when you hear R2-D2 beat.
Oh!
The revolutionary
that
did
half
over
and
oped
a new being through forbidden knowledge previously kept secret for centuries by the jealous priesthoods
of many religions. Caution. Improper viewing techniques may lead in some persons to dependency,
seizures, cranial fits, priapic conditions, micturition, sternutation, subtle glandular
mutations, and in some territories, legal arrest. However, if the viewer follows instructions and
trusts completely in Bob, this tape can produce an unsurpassable beatific experience that can last
for hours, days, weeks, possibly even centuries. This videotape bears a patented Dobsdrome PowerShell
time code, which may cause some home video decks to react unpredictably. Although only a small
percentage of playback systems or their owners have suffered permanent damage from this signal,
the Subgenius Foundation Incorporated is not responsible for injuries or damages inflicted
by paranormal events during tape play mode.
The tape also contains a subliminal hypnopediatrics trance inducement tone, operating beyond the range of human perception.
However, pets in the viewing room may exhibit unusual behavior, as may small children and certain less evolved adults.
If such behavior anomalies last more than two days after viewing, consult a physician.
Bob? Bob? Bob?
The message is now part of and registered in your subconscious mind. Every time I say, see, hear, or think.
Bob?
That's your key phrase. It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
We are controlling transmission.
However, this brainwave-enfolding signal is generally harmless and should actually enhance your learning abilities during the program.
Special interactive holosonic stereo effects produced on the Altomate Cerebral Synclock Interocitor
are designed to trigger stem cleavage, or brain division, between the forebrain and hindbrain.
Using newly discovered break-thinking principles, the viewer's brainwaves are locked into synchronization
with the tape's underlying signal.
This tape is then used to generate signal suggestions by means of neuroelectric pulses.
Plant growth and gas mileage of nearby automobiles may be affected.
For the unworthy, this tape may be a one-way ticket down a bottomless mental pit from which there can be no escape.
In unreceptive viewers, there is a danger of synaptic backfire in the brain pan, caused by overheating of the attention gland.
This dense packing of brain cells without proper organic coolants, such as fries,
has been blamed for three recent cases of spontaneous human combustion.
Do not over-medicate.
High dosages have so sensitized the third nostril receptors of some viewers
that they were unable to stop seeing the tape even after it had been turned off.
This tape is to be used only by the person to whom it is prescribed.
Do not operate a motor vehicle following viewing.
Do not operate heavy farm machinery at speeds over 70 miles an hour.
The Demon of the World.
The demons you may see during the initial hallucination sequence are not real.
If you do not panic, this phase will end after a few minutes.
Always resurface from the hypnosis slowly.
Coming out of the tape has been likened to a total rebirth process, if managed successfully.
If you have trouble re-entering the earth plane, focus on Bob and chant his name until you remember your own.
What exactly does this do for them?
It causes them to forget everything they have learned and prepares their mind for the slate-like impression, the imprinting of the true subgenius.
For the next hour, sit quietly and we will control all that you see and hear.
We are conscious of our responsibility and obligation to provide programs which will be enjoyable, entertaining, and tasteful.
There is absolutely no other possibility.
Copyright 19-20-20-20.
Copyright 19-20-20-20.
The
If you follow these instructions, you will experience the power of the divine.
It is a profound cathartic reaction to the flow of archetypal images and racial memories.
You may find yourself laughing and crying convulsively and even astrally projecting.
These are normal.
Enjoy them.
You are about to participate in a great adventure.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to the subgenius.
Subgenius.
Our.
Subgenius.
Our.
Our.
Our.



The.


The.

The.

The.
Hour.
The hour of slack, dear friends.
Yes.
What is your answer?
Laser calling.
Okay, we got the balance.
Why did this happen so quickly?
I think they're wrong, though.
I think there is hope.
And friends, those of you listening to the hour of slack for the first time,
you should call the station and ask the questions, which you must surely have.
You may speak to Will O'Dobbs here at 823-7490.
Please do that.
Please do call Will O'Dobbs, 823-7490, and beg of him for slack.
Because you ain't going to get it from this radio program.
Actually, you will, friends.
We don't really take the slack away.
Call 823-8534.
What is your reason?
What is your reason?
How can I be happy?
What is your cause?
How can I be happy?
What is your reason?
What is your reason?
What is your cause?
That's Hinton.
Tim Plahr in the background.
By the way, I gave you that time.
I don't know why I did that.
I gave you the wrong number there.
823-7490 is the number to call.
Yeah, well, why do you think they call it subgenius?
You've heard that before.
Friends, you may have noticed that the Republicans are running two rich boys for president.
Now, I don't mean to get real partisan with this show because we're not Democrats or Republicans.
Generally, subgeniuses are what you call patriopsychotic anarcho-materialists.
However, I was in New York a couple of weeks ago, and the theory that is going around the New York media people,
people in big radio stations, big conspiracy newspapers, big, big entertainment,
the theory is that the Republicans, by getting George Bush and Quayle in there,
are trying to throw the election.
They don't want a Republican administration to take the blame for what they know is about to happen.
In other words, the Republicans realize that there will be an inevitable economic crash,
moral decline, environmental horror beyond human imagining.
And so they'd rather let the Republicans, I mean the Democrats, take the blame.
And if you think about it, it kind of makes sense.
I mean, they obviously don't expect every good old boy to vote for these two prep school dudes,
you know, no matter what their merits may be, if any, which is still questionable.
And so they want, like I say, the Democrats to take the blame.
And obviously, as we all know, the public is dumb enough to believe just that,
so that four years later, the Republicans can get in for good.
Good.
And I do mean for good.
Good, you see.
That's the whole idea behind it.
So, friends, don't just vote for president.
I want you to get out there and vote, but vote for Bob for everything.
Bob for everything, dear friends.
Let Bob take the blame.
Let Bob take the fall.
Let Bob take the rap.
Let Bob be the Lee Harvey Oswald.
J.R. Bob Dobbs is glad to be the sacrifice.
He's the official lamb, if you'll just elect him world overlord.
What is your mission?
What is your mission?
That is your mission, dear friends.
Thanks to all who pledged last time.
We did have a, well, half-decent turnout.
Half-decent.
And we really, by that token, we appreciate all the more those who did manage to pledge.
And thank you all.
Again, if you have to know, call 888-722-7222.
823-7490.
That's our car.
I will be alone with this for the next 30 minutes.
Oh, gosh.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.


Hey.











Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.

Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.



Hey.


Hey.
Hey.
Little realized even by leading scientists, there are really only two races,
actually two distinct species of so-called human beings.
If you gaze upon any given street, normally you might never suspect that only some of these people are true humans.
Outside appearances offer no clue that among this ordinary-looking crowd,
on an ordinary day, a certain number of these people are actually subgeniuses.
We would have to creep inside their heads to know whether this person or that carries the rare subgenius gene.
But once inside those heads, we would discover a vast new universe, a new dimension,
coexisting not always in harmony alongside the mundane workaday world of the common human.
Another world that until now has been forced into hiding.
Now, at this very moment, the veils of secrecy can be torn aside.
We, the persecuted, may now dare to raise our heads high and declare,
Behold us, for we are the subgeniuses!
My name is Reverend Ivan Stank.
I am the...
last sole survivor of the Battle of Dobstown,
popularly called Bob's Last Stand.
I knowed J.R. Bob Dobbs for what he was,
and I knowed the subgeniuses for what they was.
Turn that thing on!
Put on them headphones.
111 years ago,
when I was 33 years old,
right after the atomic wars,
my church was rubbed out by a band of wild pink boys.
Wait a minute!
It's showtime.
Time for the subgenius hour and a half.
The show that dare not even exist.
Join us now as we rocket away out of normal time into showtime!
Time for the subgenius hour and a half. The show that dare not even exist. Join us now as we rocket away out of normal time into showtime!
And Jane or Hyperclete's beats for ye.
And Jane or Hyperclete's beats for ye.
You won't want to miss the startling new horror film from Jane or Hyperclete's Film Studios in conjunction with Bob and Jeff Pictures.
Yes, this is a classic tale of terror designed to make you shiver in your boots.
Joan, that thing back over there by the acid pool.
My God, it ain't got no fiiiice!
No, you won't want to miss the show.
You won't want to miss the show.
Joan, that thing back over there by the acid pool.
My God, it ain't got no fiiiiiice!
Joan, that thing back over there by the acid pool.

Hey Frank, you know that thing we were looking at the other day?
You know that thing over there by the acid pool what pulled Joan and them in or whatever?
I just got to looking at that thing and I just happened to notice...
It ain't got no faaaaaiice!
Yes, officer, he was right over there. He was by the acid pool.
And Joe was just telling me about it.
And I said I couldn't believe it.
I couldn't believe there was some kind of thing by the acid pool that didn't have no face.
I heard stories about it, how it pulled Joan and them in and everything,
but I didn't believe them.
And now my husband's gone, and they say the murderer didn't have a face,
and they say he's dead, and they say the killer didn't have a face.
Pretty weird, that's all I can say.
As far as the monster not having a face,
personally, I think that's just a bunch of...
If you could give us the facts, ma'am,
if you could simply try to stick to the facts.
Well, I don't care.
You can kill all my children as long as the murderer's got a face.
You can take my grandpa and my uncle.
He ain't got no legs.
You can kill him.
You can kill him dead as long as you don't try to say that the murderer ain't got a face.
Frank, he's gone.
He's gone.
And they're trying to tell me that the murderer ain't got a face.
You're trying to say that he ain't got no face!
Well, he was down there by the acid pool.
Now, exactly what acid pool are you referring to, Mr. Ferguson?
Well, you know, down there, Simmons Acid Pool,
right down there, back over there where they saw a thing
where it didn't have a face.
It didn't have no face.
I remember blue.
There were blue lights all around the room.
And what about the face, ma'am?
Did you get a glimpse of the face?
The face?
Certainly I saw the face.
It was rather long.
It looked sort of like...
Sort of like...
Well, I've got nothing to worry about.
I'm just going to stay away from Simmons Acid Pool and close to you, Bill.
Bill?
Bill?
What's wrong with your nose?
Bill, it feels like it's made out of rubber.
Oh, that ain't nothing.
It's just something I do to protect the others.
Bill, this is a mask.
What are you doing wearing a mask, Bill?
This isn't Halloween.
What did it look like?
Well, it was...
Oh, I'd say it was sort of...
Oh, well, I could definitely say that it...
I can't remember.
A thing?
It had no face?
Back over there behind Simmons Acid Pool?
Yeah, my son told me about that.
I don't believe that.
He takes him pills all the time.
Now, I seen a thing that didn't have no head over there by the Hathaway's Acid Pool.
And it seems I called...
Well, tell of quite a few things missing their bodily parts over at Jones Acid Pool.
I believe there's somebody seen an old man with no legs.
Or maybe he had his legs, maybe he just lost his car keys or something like that.
Thought you might be interested, Sheriff.
I caught this mess of crappie down over behind Simmons Acid Pool.
Now, this one here is a pretty nice-sized crappie.
It's...
It's perfectly well-formed.




completely natural in every way.
Minus its face!
No, you won't want to miss the spine-tingling, mind-numbing horror of
Joan, that thing back over there by the acid pool.
My God, it ain't got no face.
This terrifying facial feature is rated R.
A corpse with no face? That's a damn lie.
It was alive.
It was alive.
Oh, well, dear friends, that was Janer Hypercletes,
the immortal Janer Hypercletes, with the thing-with-no-face ad.
Can you believe that guy's trying to get jobs with that tape?
Hope your left channel is working. I really do.
We've got some great news in.
This is going to be kind of a news show tonight,
because the new issue of Fortean Times has come in,
and in the meantime, you can call, for more information, 823-7490,
to find out more about the Church of the Subgenius and the Hour of Slack.
Yeah, this magazine, Fortean Times from England,
study of weirdness in general, fantastic magazine.
I'll go straight to the news here.
Here's a little stretch of clippings about holes in heads.
Human beings continue to survive the most horrific,
head injuries.
Two recent examples are well up to standard.
James Sexton of California was shot six times in the head
and lived to tell the tale.
The .22 caliber bullets were fired at him while he slept,
probably by his former roommate, police said.
One slug was lodged behind the 40-year-old's eye,
but none penetrated the brain.
Doctors said they had no plans to remove any of the bullets.
Robert Holton, here in another story,
said he speared himself,
in the temple,
with a six-inch nail
by accidentally treading on a piece of wood he was using
to build a garden shed.
The plank sprang up and hit him in the face.
Holton, 28, ran indoors with the nail still embedded in his skull.
His wife called an ambulance,
but he was unable to get into the vehicle
because the wood got in the way.
Firemen had to saw through the metal
before he could be taken to the hospital.
The remainder of the nail was later removed,
and he was admitted to a hospital in Manchester.
The animal news of zoo suicides is just one of many,
but very poignant, I think.
Poignant.
Whatever. I'm from Texas.
A zebra couple tried to escape from Sarajevo Zoo in Yugoslavia,
but were foiled by keepers,
and the female broke her spine.
She later killed herself
by smashing her head against the ground.
A zebra, friends,
committed suicide by head smashing.
However, here's some revenge for you.
On 27 February, police in Nairobi, Kenya,
were hunting a hippopotamus
that charged out of a sewage tank
in which it had been wallowing
and attacked a man on a bicycle,
injuring his head, back, and thigh
before disappearing into a suburb.
And one last one here.
We'll come back to these in a minute.
You can hear these in the background now.
And see on the slide coming up.
Killer bees have been a steadily growing problem since 1956,
when a variety of African honey bee
was crossed with local European honey bees
at the University of Sao Paulo in Brazil
in a mistaken effort to improve honey production.
They advanced at a rate of 300 miles a year
through Brazil, Bolivia, Peru, and Colombia.
Up to 500 people have been stung to death in Colombia.
They attacked a school,
killing one child and sending dozens to the hospital.
Farmers reported cattle stampeding in terror,
and the finding of horse carcasses
stung a million times and bloated beyond recognition.
Breeders hope to overwhelm the insects
with the genes of the tamer European bees.
Africanized queens will be trapped
and replaced with European queens.
New hive boxes will be, quote,
pre-queened, unquote, with European queen bees.
And Africanized swarms will be infiltrated
with European drones.
And you know, that last paragraph I just read
has got to break some sort of a record.
I honestly don't know what that record would be for,
but praise Bob.
Here we see the...
These are the cargo cultists, aren't they?
And this is Philo's key, which is a copy,
not the original.
They keep it in there.
Those...
Wash off before the Monday morning news comes in.
...give their...
God, look at this stuff. They're gonna reave.
See, it's...
It's the young virgin being brought into the house of the key.
They eat the heart, then they cook the virgin, and...
Not a pretty sight, but we shouldn't judge them
by our rules and regulations.
That's right. This is something they've been doing
for thousands and thousands of years,
one of the oldest tribes in Africa, and they...
You know from where you come from...
Was it in Africa, or where is it?
We don't want a constipated version of our thoughts
to be broadcast over...
Come on, please, don't. Yeah.
We need to demonstrate some restraint,
some modesty, as it were,
befitting our station as subgeniuses and as...
Yes, I'm proud to say it, Earthmen.
Earthmen.
And then the tribal song, I'm sure...
I like Earth, and I'll go send it to the...
...the male members...
And the nun here, who we have come in and...
Well, I bet you he's getting some.
Oh, yeah. Is this...
This isn't pledge time, is it?
No, we're using Glade.
Waxed beauty instantly, as you've done.
...on a number of levels,
back into other people on the show.
Well, one guy here...
Folks, you wouldn't believe it.
One guy here actually has toilet paper
wrapped around his head.
The natives did it to me.
It's unreal.
I dare not take it off.
I can't believe it.
It was a mark of favor.
I mean, I'm from the Midwest,
and in the Midwest, things are really normal
compared to what they're like out here.
Maybe they're gonna take it off for us.
Maybe you don't do...
But when I got here this morning, it was like,
hey, you know, you have to do this show
in the middle of the night.
Oh, yeah, okay.
So we got here in the middle of the night,
and there's all these guys, these weird people here.
One of them has toilet paper wrapped around his head.
He looks kind of, uh...
kind of official.
I think he looks very stately.
Looks like a representative of Charmin or something.
Yes, it's really Charmin in my stateroom,
and I'd like to invite some of you stately babes in
to share it with me.
You get me?
Catch my drift?
I think that's what you're supposed to say.
Oh, well, I don't want to say that.

I don't want to, you know,
I don't want to telegraph my punch.
Yeah, but who can believe somebody that has...
Spinkies like this?
What could you...
How can you believe a guy that has toilet paper around his head?
Oh, friends, that is...
That is the KPFA weekly subgenius show
coming from Berkeley, California.
Not coming right now.
Came a long time ago, over and over again,
just like Bob,
and, uh...
with the special guest, Dr. Philo Drummond.
Your mission, should you decide to accept it,
is to destabilize this small forum...
I'd like to just grab a big ol' handful of applesauce
and rub it up my chest.
And that's the way they go, just on and on and on.
How about Smithfield ham and fish?
Can you imagine having to listen to that
for an hour and a half every Saturday morning at 4.30 a.m.?
Well, that's what happens to subgeniuses in Berkeley
who don't pay their pledges to K-N-O-N in Dallas, friends.
This is Ken Nordeen.
What did I say wrong?
Listen, I didn't mean it.
Look, you're working for me.
I didn't mean it.
Oh...
I know, but I'm not like one of those cartoons.
It's ridiculous.
Look, you're the secretary, I'm the boss.
I'm sorry I said what I said.
Listen, when you come into my office, I'd like to give you a letter.
Won't you please come in?
I mean, we can talk about it.
Listen, there's no sense to this.
I mean, I don't want to stand out here and talk about...
I'm sorry I said what I said.
I could tell right away that I'd done the wrong thing.
Look, I'll tell you what I'll do.
I'll go into the office, and then when you...
When you want to come in, you can come in and we'll...
We'll talk it over.
Okay?
Look, I said I was sorry.
Hmm...
Hmm...
Well, go ahead.
You made a mistake.
Well, yeah, erase it.
A mistake, too.
I shouldn't have said what I...
Said.
I'm sorry.
Well...
If you want to come into the office, okay.
I'll talk with you.
If you don't, that's up to you.
I just say that I'm sorry.
Sure you wouldn't like to go down and have a drink and we could talk about it?
Just the two of us?
Maybe over a drink you'd feel better.
Look, I... I'm glad that you're working here for me, see?
I want you around.
Come on, let's go downstairs, huh?
Stop typing.
I mean, don't type anymore.
Come on, stop.
Okay, it's your funeral.
You'll be sorry.
You won't get a job like this again.
You'll see.
I got a few more letters for you to type.
I'll bring them out.
Okay.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Thanks.
Bye.


Bye.
Bye.
But I have a, um, a sort of, uh, uh, secret.
I, um, I've become a bubble gum fancier.
Joe rhetoric stillこんにちは
But what is a subgenius?
But what is a subgenius?
How can they, we, differ so much from the humans whose nonsensical laws and customs we have
How can they, we, differ so much from the humans whose nonsensical laws and customs we have
forced to obey?
bay, why have so many of us been kept in ignorance of our true heritage?
Examine this seemingly docile crowd, and know that in some few, simmering beneath a placid
surface, there broils a veritable cauldron of repressed subgenius awareness, ready at
any moment to explode outward, often with catastrophic results.
Look at the word subgenius.
It doesn't simply mean just below a genius.
The intelligence level of subgenius is not the same as the intelligence level of a genius.
But what is a subgenius?
How can they, we, differ so much from the humans, whose nonsensical laws and customs
we have been forced to obey?
Why have so many of us been kept in ignorance of our true heritage?
Examine this seemingly docile crowd, and know that in some few, simmering beneath a placid
surface, there broils a veritable cauldron of repressed subgenius awareness, ready at
any moment to explode outward, often with catastrophic results.
Look at the word subgenius.
It doesn't simply mean just below a genius.
The intelligence...

level of subgeniuses can range far, far below genius. It's not the so-called intelligence
that really matters after all, but how it is used. The subgenius does not pretend to
super knowledge, but to sub-knowledge, knowledge of the under things, the horror earth from
whose darkness issue the Nazi hell creatures and other demons of the abyss. It is in contemplation
of these under things, the underwear lurking just below the clothing of existence, that
the subgeni display what genius they have. The study of this substratum, the foundation
garment underlying reality, is the subgenius's strength, for it is from this source that
he or she taps the infinite resources of a force that is completely incomprehensible
to humans, the force of slack.
Somewhere, I say to you today, there's a handful, and I don't know why y'all worried
about Ronald Regan, or worried about the Democrats, or worried about the Republicans, and they
got you black folks, they really got y'all in a trick. These are the good guys, these
are the bad guys. Democrat liberals are the good guys, Republican conservatives are the
bad guys. Are you serious? Come on, let's be honest, there's some good Democrat liberals
there's some good Republicans conservatives, about three of them in the whole country,
and the rest of them ain't nothing but a bunch of mangy dogs. But they got y'all playing
this game when it don't make no difference which party is in, the same handful of manipulators
take their business. They're the ones that every game they play, they play it with you.
Y'all get your little whiskey, get your little snort, get your little reefer, get your little
uh... Are you serious? The same people that's fixing to kill you? You're not gonna get your


reefer, you're gonna get your reefer. The same people that's fixing to kill you, puts the
drugs out here for you. How many of y'all know that? Let me see your hands. Some of
y'all got your hands up and got a reefer in your pocket. And see when I leave, gonna
be lighting up, come on. That nigga can rap, kid. And they got your head so messed up,
everybody got their high and don't like nobody else's. Yeah, the whiskey drinkers have always
looked down on the winos.
Reefer smokers now got an attitude about whiskey drinkers. And all at once the cocaine
snorters think they're more sophisticated than the reefer smokers. And the coffee drinkers
hate them all. And yet there is more stomach cancer caused in America every day from drinking
coffee than lung cancer from smoking cigarettes. And after enough of us been riding it long
enough, Harvard University with their old tricky self had finally come to terms with
that.
I ain't gonna pour a
S nella, saluger quattro, skinny 모양i.
But I am Chic Bus counter Pharisee.
Now look ahead on and ok here's a clip I think we're about to hear.
Tina MacMahon Corona Cells.
Gina Prince So.
That's kind of sad.
Because they've manipulated us to the extent that these educational institutions ain't nothing but tricks.
And if they was what they're supposed to be, y'all wouldn't be doing half the negative stuff y'all be going down on these campuses.
Something wrong.
The same murdering pimps that manipulates the world, these is the ones that put these educational systems together.
And they didn't put them together to educate you, but to manipulate your mind.
And all of them were put together to do one thing, to teach you how to make a living so you would never understand how to live.
That's what it's all about.
And most of y'all in colleges across this country, you can't do nothing to change it because most of y'all go to college under false pretense.
Half of y'all go to college because your mother and father went to college.
The other half go because they didn't go.
I got two children in college and I give them two instructions.
Don't go to college, go to God.
That means spend as much time dealing with that God force as you do dealing with that trigonometry and all that other old game they be running down.
Because ain't nobody game, you serious?
And the sad part about it is most of y'all don't even know it's a game.
The hell y'all sitting reading Shakespeare.
Your Shakespeare wouldn't read that mess if he was back here now.
You serious?
You serious?
They got y'all's heads so white, y'all will walk across this campus and won't even speak to one another trying to go to some class to read some old Shakespearean mess.
Pass a damn human bean to go read some dad stuff.
And you niggas do it.
You niggas got attitude.
This nigga don't like this nigga.
This group don't like y'all.
Crazy.
That whole game.
Somewhere.
Somewhere.
Somewhere.
Somewhere.
That whole thing.
You got to understand that the true education facilities is in the top of your head.
Not in no college or university.
Controlled by the same force that controls the university.
And that true education facility in the top of your head will never open up until it's around an oasis of love.
Most of these colleges and universities are nothing but cesspools of hatred.
That whole game.
That whole game.
So much.

So much.
No Stupidity.
That whole thing.
We're a crazy living valued yet.
I said no stupidity and that rumor doesn't work.
And that rumor doesn't work for any damn Deepak love their mouths.
There
You think it just happened to happen in the same country where the government had to admit that they injected...
Oh, yes, friends, that's Dick Gregory.
Dick Gregory.
I'm going to cut that one off because I think I played the rest of that sequence not too long ago on another show.
Man, what a ranter.
What a ranter.
A fine, fine subgenius, I'd say.
And this little song from Byron Werner sort of caps it off.
The industrial symphony you are hearing emanates from the turbines and dynamos of the greatest toy factory in the world,
B.G. Bigelow, Inc. Incorporated.
Let us open the window of the puppet department and listen.
The world is full of a number of things and one of them is people.
But people is the escape that people escape from most.
They take to gin and to histamine, to aspirin, Picasso and Tel Aviv.
And some take consolidated gas.
Or the Saturday evening post.
We pity you, we do, for all the ills that ail you.
But here's good news for you, you needn't be a failure.
A failure.
Tiddly I, tiddly A, tiddly all your trouble away.
You, too, can be a puppet.
You, too.
Be a puppet.
Man, man, silly man, fool of human folly.
Why be a brave old fan, Ku Klux Klan, when you can be Ku Klux Klan and Ollie?
Tiddly I, tiddly D, you can be just as happy as we.
Be a puppet, not an old friend.
Come out of the woodwork, brother.
And join the brotherhood of man.
The brotherhood.
The brotherhood of man.
The conspiracy media, unable to ignore the church, has attempted to discredit it as a mere joke, a pathetic satire.
The reason?
Slack is simply beyond their emotional grasp.
Slack.
What is it?
Well, if you have to ask, you'll probably never know.
You were born with original slack, an infinite supply of it.
But the conspiracy has most of it now.
They don't even know what it is, but that hasn't stopped them from stealing it away.
How do you think you ended up a slave to their so-called work?
True slack is, by definition, indefinable.
It is a kind of direct perception, unfettered by common sense.
It is not merely laziness.
It is rather a kind of active sloth.
Slack in its purified form is a kind of pure slack.

Its pure form makes happiness seem like agony by comparison.
Next to slack, the nirvana known to mystics and saints is like endless torment.
Slack is different for each person.
Although, for much of the world, slack is nothing more than a good meal.
One might call it something for nothing.
But the normals, the mediocritans, the somnambulax and pseudo-sub-slacks,

have tried to make it something which we've been led to believe we must work to buy.
It is this yearning for slackness that separates us from them.
The human may live out his entire life in a grinding cycle of slacklessness,
his hours consumed by meaningless toil, interspersed with meaningless leisure.
Yet he never feels cheated. He thinks it's natural.
Perhaps we should pity them.
But face it, most people are venal jerks.
Half-witted cattle racing each other to be first to the slaughterhouse.
And stampeding you along with them.
Wouldn't you like revenge on these mediocritans, these pink boys,
these box-dwelling Barbies and Kens?
These normals who have made normality the norm?
Pinks. Pinks are but living stereotypes.
Insensate meat puppets and mere food tubes who lack and fear
the spark of originality that ignites every so genius soul.
But the long senseless march into slacklessness may soon come to an end.
Although it won't be without a bitter struggle, but at least there is hope.
For in this, the 20th century, we have seen the coming of a savior.
A beacon of slack.
A banner behind which we may unite.
It is the coming of J.R. Bob Dobbs and his mighty Church of the Subgenius.
Are we then to understand that when Bob says we must learn to pull the wool over our own eyes,
that he is merely abetting an insidious form of self-delusion?
Is he saying that we shouldn't even look for the truth?
Is Bob saying, like Heisenberg,
that we can never know what the hell is really going on?
I think not.
Bob, however, is cognizant of the fact that besides the shabby little lies
we feed ourselves from day to day as we struggle to cope with technoboredom,
we're all being force-fed a gross pablum of aftruths, sensationalized statistics
and downright propaganda by a vast monolithic network operated by and for the conspiracy.
Through such deception, the conspiracy is daily cheating us all out of our life essence,
our money, our health, and most important of all, our slack.
That's right, our slack.
They draw it off like vampires in the night.
They are pulling the wool over our eyes. Constantly.
Bob is saying if we must be lied to and cheated for reasons,
let us do it to ourselves for our own reasons.
Let us realize where the real deceit lies.
Let us have a choice in how we're being screwed.
Some ways are fun.
For many of us there is no physical escape from their clutches
or any hope of it until the exorcists come and the followers of Yahweh One prevail.
But until that day, the power and wisdom of Bob can help us break their mind control
by activating that mutant gland that we all have within us.
This allows us to control our own reality.
Gives us the clarity of perspective to be able to sit back and look at it all,
and I mean all, and simply say if they can't take a joke.
Then and only then will slack begin to drop gently like a soothing dew into our tortured lives.
After all, it should be every person's choice to curse God and die if that was what they wish.
We all have the right to spit in the eye of the collective gods, did we not create them?
Where indeed would Yahweh One be without the human race to torment and pester?
I'll put it to you, the old chiseler would be pretty damn bored with it all
if there was nothing more entertaining than cherubims and seraphims and numby-pumby flaming angels
sitting around up there on damp clouds and arping and trumpeting all 24 hours a bloody day,
and you can bank on that.
Why should we be any different to that?
Why shouldn't our lives be more entertaining and more real
than any glowing three-color phosphor image on the television screen?
Why shouldn't we grab reality by the throat and shake it until it does work?
Until it turns what we want it to, until once again we find slack?
Just as the primitive fire-walkers of Ceylon can deny a reality in which fire burns
and thus pass unscathed across white-hot stones,
so can the subgenius deny the existence of a world without slack
and cast out the false prophets and the pink boys.
All it requires is faith, faith in Bob and faith in ourselves.
Are we not the dreamers of the dream?
and is all that is within that dream not ourselves?
Life is no more than a brief illusion,
a flickering real-time movie in the theater of our minds.
And if you don't like the way your movie is going,
perhaps you better ask yourself why not.
After all, it is your movie.
And despite what anyone else may have told you,
you are the director as well as the protagonist.
Aff.
Oh, yes, Dr. G. Gordon Gordon trying to get in cuss words on me.
That's why you hear me fade things out every now and then.
You know, it's a sad but true thang
about the rules and regulations regarding profanity here in this country.
You know what I mean, but I'll tell you, man.
I'll tell you what.
Tonight, you pukes are gonna sleep
with your bobheads.
And posters.
Because this is the only religion you people are going to get.
Your days of Hail Marian,
old sister Jane Rotten crotch through her purdy black nun's habit
are over.
You're married to this dob's head,
this weapon of paper and ink,
and you will be faithful.
Prepare to mount your bunk, mate.
Mount!
Pray!
This is my church.
There are many,
many more like it,
but this one is mine.
My church is my best friend.
It is my life.
I will master it as I master my sacred abnormality.
Without me, my church is useless.
Without my church, I am useless.
I must keep my slack true.
I must get more slack than my enemy,
who is trying to knock me out.
I must normalize me.
I must convert him before he converts me.
I will.
Before Bob, I swear this creed.
My church and myself are defenders of this country.
We are the masters of our enemy.
We are the saviors of Earth.
So be it until there is no conspiracy,
but slack or death.
Amen!
Swinging love corpses in the background.
Yes, millions of men and women are in the same lamentable plight today.
And not one in ten can guess the cause.
That's the insidious thing about amnesia.
It drags you down, slows your mind,
and robs you of your joys and pleasures.
Yet you hardly realize that you're slipping.
You're right, Roy.
Isn't that true?
The eye of light is looking right through you.
God bless you.
You know, the folks at French Lick Springs Hotel in French Lick, Indiana,
that's America's greatest health retort.
The home of Pluto water.
If you can call that a home, Ray, the light's shining. Go.
That's true. That's true. That's true.
You know, we have two excellent golf courses down there.
Three?
Splendid. No, only two.
Ah, but the eye of light sees three, Ray.
It sees three wonderful, wonderful golf courses.
I see. I see.
Go ahead. Go ahead.
The power's coming up through the table.
Splendid, splendid riding facilities.
You're a weird pastor.
Ride. Ride on. I'm on you.
I'm with you. Ride.
And lots of outdoor amusements are provided.
Yes, but God's looking down on everything you do outdoors, friend.
God's got his eye on your eye, so watch out and keep going, Charlie.
Carry an umbrella.
Decide right now to turn the tables on old man gloom, huh?
Turn them upside down.
Take Pluto water every morning for ten mornings.
And see a new world.
In ten days.
See two new worlds, dear friend.
Two new worlds.
You're gonna need to.
Down, Pluto. Down.
Larry?
Well, by golly, God said...
Look, Pluto's making more water.
Huh?
That's okay, St. John.
And God said...
This is when I was with God in Miami.
He said, uh, Harry, be fruitful and multiply and replenish the earth and subdue it.
Do you know what subdue means?
Ah.
Is it like sublet?
Hey, Harry, is that guy down there asking you questions again?
No, dear friends, janitors of all the lonely houses in the world.
I know you've had your bad times.
And I know you've had your good times.
Doing things you didn't understand.
God bless you, Pastor.
But things are changing, friends.
The eye of God is looking down upon you right now.
Who asked you, Pastor?
Look him back in the eye, dear friends.
I can't see.
Either can God, dear friends, because love and radio is blind.
Don't blink.
Don't blink, dear friends.
My radio's on the blink.
My radio's on the blink, dear friends.
God, I love your eyes, Father.
Eye, just one eye, the eye of love, spelled I, the letter I, without the letter...
What could we do, dear friends?
And remember, friends, it's been brought to you today by Snifters Humorous Napkins, and




thanks to those who drive us to the語 Ábreas
if we can yours.
Oh, yes dear friends.
ツ
Blow up women and extra parts.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Well, well, what used to be the dancing cigarettes wails away horribly in the background.
I was hoping to get in more of this hideous news here from the 14 Times.
I should mention that a 900-pound sturgeon, 11 feet long, was found dead in Lake Washington, Seattle on 5th of November, 1987.
The monstrous fish was believed to be over 80 years old and may have died of old age.
On the other hand, Orit Kikashvili, a 26-year-old Israeli woman, gave birth to a boy five months
after she was born.
She was declared clinically dead.
These are all true stories, friends, brought to you from 14 Times by way of the Church of the Subgenius.
Let's see.
Good, good.
Oh, here's a good one.
In October 87, Moscow Radio reported that a fisherman's dog disappeared while swimming
across the Pechora River in northern Siberia.
Moments later, the fisherman cast his net and hauled in a massive pike, five feet long,
with a tail sticking out of its jaws.
He cut it open and his dog struggled out, barking, and apparently none the worse for its experience.
This angler in Suffolk tossed a message in a bottle into the North Sea, and it ended up
in a shark's stomach at a street market in Rwanda in Central Africa, according to the
letter which he received.
So, you know those letters in the bottle, they do get around.
If you're that frustrated, you can always do this.
You can do that, or you can write to the Church of the Subgenius at, and you need to get
a pencil ready.
I know most of you do out there.
Get a pencil ready.
I'll read you one more little story here.
This one sounds like faux floor to me.
A biology student out fishing with three friends off the coast of Mexico caught a shark.
Cutting it open, he discovered his own stolen gold Rolex wristwatch on a man's severed arm.
Police took fingerprints in a bid to identify the thief.
Yes, friends, it's a world without slack out there.
I don't know what's so funny about that, actually.
I'd be horrified.
And, yes, you can write for free information on the Church of the Subgenius from Bob at
P.O.
Box 140306 in Dallas, Texas.
Once again, that's Box 140306.
Box in Dallas, Texas, 75214.
Just address that letter to Bob.
It won't get to him, but Willa Dobbs or me will have to deal with it.
Who cares?
Is there a typical subgenius?
Of course not.
The very thought is blasphemy.
The only thing that most subgeniuses have in common is that they're all different, and
they have nothing in common with the conspiracy, the pink meat masses which grope and clutch
around us.
The Church is, shall we say, a disorderly.
It's an unorganized religion which theoretically should not exist simply because it's composed
of people who are not joiners.
Eccentrics, unpredictables, true visionaries.
They share only the quest for slack and the love of their spiritual teacher, the living
avatar of slack, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
But just who is this man, Bob?
Some call him the slack master, the high epon, the saint.
The saint.
The saint of sales.
Others call him liar, pimp, whoremonger, a sleazy con man foisting his dangerous scam
off on gullible suckers.
Well, dear friend, J.R. Bob Dobbs isn't some outmoded, overused deity from ancient fairy
tales, but a living, bleeding deity for today.
The finely appointed messenger of slack.
Thank you, Bob.
This is Conrad.
K-N-O-N 89.3 FM, Dallas.
I'm Robert Wisdom.
This is American Music Party.
Tonight, uh, we'll be playing, uh, Gospel Connection number five.
Start off with Albert King, Angel of Mercy.
I went to work this morning.
My foreman looked me in the eye.
He said, fella, I don't know what's wrong with you, but you look sick enough to die.
He sent me to the company doctor, and he examined me from head to toe.
What's wrong with you?

Whatever's wrong with you, young man?
My x-ray just won't show.
I said, Angel of Mercy, won't you please look down on me?
Angel of Mercy.
A little mercy's all I need.
Angel of Mercy.


Angel of Mercy.
Angel of Mercy.
Angel of Mercy.
The finance company.
They just come to cheat my check.
They said they want a payment by Friday.
Or they want all of the furniture back.
I went to the credit union.
To try to get myself along.
They said I wouldn't.
They would let you have it, young man.
But we guess that you won't be workin' here much longer.
Angel of Mercy.
Would you please look down on me?
Oh, Angel of Mercy.
A little mercy's all I need.
Oh, yeah, right
Oh, yeah
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh

Okay
Okay
Okay
Okay
Cut my lights off this morning
To set my furniture outdoors
I was listening to the weatherman a while ago
And he said it's gonna rain and snow
My daughter got pneumonia
And my son is down with the flu
My whole family's suffering from malnutrition
And I can't even hold them through
I said, angel of mercy
Won't you please look down on me
Oh, angel of mercy
A little mercy
Oh, angel of mercy
This is all I need
Those steps that lead
To any church
Form a stairway
To a star
They're part of God
And should be tried
More often
Than they are
I'll be leaving
