The Hour of Slack, dear friends, and we're back at the 7X Day Drill, and the puzzling
evidence show after the drill, with Dr. Howell and Philo Drummond, and we have Little Theodore,
and Reverend Carter LeBlanc, and Jesus Christ, and the amino acids, and Acid Corpse, plus
Reverend Lee Burles, and this music by SoSoDotta, it prays buh-uh-buh.
Oh, slack!
Oh, yes, dear friends, I can scarcely believe in myself, but we are out of here.
We're on our way to Ohio again, and 21X Day at Wisteria Campground, and WCSB, and finally
the Slacker Mansion.
So, in the meantime, we're presenting you with recordings from previous X Days.
This was from 2004, and it features all of the same people.
People who will be at 21X Day.
Dr. Howell, Dr. Philo Drummond, yours truly, and many more.
Praise Bob.
Yeah, what's all this?
Keep back there.
Keep back, me?
You know who you're talking to.
Come along there, come quietly, unless you want me to put the handcuffs on.
Stop where you are.
You don't know what you're doing.
I know what I'm doing, all right.
Come on, get out of here.
Lock him up!
All right, you fools.
You brought it on yourselves.
Everything would have come right if you'd only left me alone.
You've driven me near madness with your peering through the keyholes and gaping through the
curtains, and now you'll suffer for it.
You're crazy to know who I am, aren't you?
All right, I'll show you.
I'll show you who I am, and what I am.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
It was horrible.
We're through being cool.
We're through being cool.
Eliminate the bosses and their slaves.
Yeah!
We're through being cool.
We're through being cool.
Train the way to should be stuck in a tank.
Huh?
Train the way to try to drive you back.
Smash them!
We're through being cool.
Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go.
We're thrilled being cool.
Well, it all started when we arrived at Reverend, no, it actually started when we arrived in Cleveland.
I think.
Yes, I arrived in Cleveland, too.
You arrived in Cleveland on Thursday, and I arrived in Cleveland on Wednesday.
I drove separately from the airport.
This is me and Prince's me driving along to Cleveland.
You drive through a little tiny bit of Pennsylvania on the way from Ohio to New York.
Now you see the way the country looks with these barns and hay fields and so forth.
Very rustic and rural.
Western New York.
New York State.
And crossing Pennsylvania.
Don't forget about all the Amish individuals, that extreme right-wing paramilitary religious cult.
Yes, we should pay homage to the Amish.
Those Amish, I kind of like those.
Did you see their special clothes and outfits that they wear?
Well, I was aware of the.
They've got these tight pants they wear that are short-legged and with suspenders.
But a special kind of leather suspender.
They don't use belts.
They have suspenders on.
And then the girls wear these little bonnets and the special colored not fancy dress.
Yes.
Where is that?
That's in New York.
You're telling me this happened at the end of the world?
That happened on weird dresses?
It's in Western Pennsylvania and Western New York State.
I also put on a weird dress and participated in a drag contest.
Philomena.
And there he was.
You all want to know what happened.
Wincing and mincing at the subgenius drag ball which preceded the end of the world.
Oh.
So you guys turned into San Francisco.
Yes.
Yes, just when you thought you got away from San Francisco and were actually going to do
something not related to gender blur.
What an unpleasant surprise.
It follows you all the way out to Brushwood.
I wonder why we think we're doing so well.
But it was kind of fun because I had a chance to get in touch with my feminine side.
He certainly did.
I think I had when you sort of seen him mincing and sashaying around the...
Ivan Stang as everybody knows there at the end of the world.
Oh, Ivan Stang was dressed in a burqa as an angry Iranian woman.
In a burqa.
And I was dressed in my pink outfit with matching pink lounge pants.
And it was excellent.
Just wonderful.
Meanwhile, the girls drag kinged it up with fake mustache.
And suit suits and so forth.
Well, there's video somewhere out there.
Yeah, there's video.
Dr. Howell.
I present to you a great man, Dr. Howell.
The keeper of church secrets.
Today we have a wonderful ceremony in store for us.
It is important.
As Bob embraces...
I'm sorry.
He's not having any fun.












The Karni and the knowledgeable subgenius must endure, indulge in and withstand the
embrace of the conspiracy that we explore the viewpoint of the opposite sex by being
that person and letting our inner nature come forth.
Who will be next to show off his or her magnificence?
Does that not have any sign of it?
Here we are.
My name is Bob Karni.
My name is Helge and I want to have intercourse with your eyeball.
Ah yes, the eye socket to me theme.
You may have seen the Miss America contest.
They always ask the girls, you know, what are your plans?
And they always say they want to work with troubled children or be a brain surgeon.
Or unless they lose where they get to be a stripper.
And now we have, I'm not certain I know the name of your identity.
You better tell them.
Philomena.
Philomena Drummond.
And she is just as cute as a Junebug, as they say.
A little simpering perhaps, but in the spirit of things, certainly.
What's it like to be an overwoman?
Yes, what's it like to be an overwoman for a change?
I just don't know.
It's silly or something, I don't know.
Well, he's just flowing with the spirit.
He's just a spirit of the occasion.
Anything else?
Go pee!
Oh dear, well, that's the problem with women.
They have to go pee every few seconds.
But we forgive them readily, we do.
Alright, who is next?
I was drinking these all day.
I passed out.
I woke up in a dress.
And I was told to come up here by those who call themselves my friends.
And introduce myself as Sexy Mortis.
I'm throwing up right now.
I'm coming for you, girl.
Oh my.
Well, we can only imagine what will happen off stage, inflamed by the passions of this event.
Here's someone who appears to be a devotee of America's national pastimes.
You're winning!
Yeah!
Just so you all know, I am a pitcher and not a catcher.
An important distinction.
You know, and every year I come here, this is actually technically, this is my sixth X-Day.
And every year I come here, and I come here believing.
Not just wanting to believe, I come here believing the saucers will arrive.
July 5th, 7 a.m.
The saucers are gonna be here.
We're gonna be swept up.
We're gonna be caught up.
We're gonna be...
sucked into the conceptual orifices of pan-galactic uber-thought beings.
Projections that will gratify our every urge.
We're gonna be taken away from all this shit.
It's gonna finally happen in every single year.
I don't even fucking get up at 7 a.m.
Because you know what?
I know in my gut they didn't make it.
Again.
And what happens?
I have become utterly disillusioned.
I walk away from this going, you know, that was a hell of a party, but god damn it, we didn't get the saucers.
And I find myself struggling with this.
How can I continue to involve myself in an organization that continually lets me down?
It's not like I get sex from the church, you know?
It's not like I get nothing.
It's not like I get money from the church.
It's not like I get friends from the...
Well, okay, actually I have gotten granted a lot of friends out of this.
But regardless, the thing is, is there's this issue of doubt.
There's this, why am I doing this?
Why am I putting myself through this?
And why do I even waste my time with this?
And the thing is, is that's a gift.
That's a gift.
Because, I mean, ask Heisenberg.
Ask Goodell.
Ask Schrodinger.
Ask fucking Einstein.
The universe floats in a haze of quantum indeterminacy.
Do what thou wilt is the whole of the law, you know?
I mean, I, yeah, I don't know, I was quoting the Thelemites and all that shit.
No, the thing is, is the universe fluctuates and floats in a haze of quantum indeterminacy.
That means that you will never know.
Because it just might not work out that way.
It's called, it's called relativity.
It's called improbability.
It's called, you know, it's, it's called slack.
Because you know what?
You don't need to know.
I see babies cry.
I watch them grow.
They'll learn much more than I'll ever know.
And I say to myself, what a wonderful world.
Hey, yeah, maybe it's a wonderful world.
Burp.
And sob.
And Connie.
But we're stuck down here on this slack-forsaken planet.
God damn it.
And I have a few beefs with a deity named Yahweh One.
Lord, I really want to know.
Why did you make the mosquitoes?
The richy bites can really bring me down.
And why did you make the flies and cockroaches?
And other nasty bugs and birds around?
And tell me, why are humans so fucked up?
And why do they want to blow us all up?
And why do they hate each other when they're so much like each other?
I want to know.
Yeah.
What's going on with the weather?
I'm always oh so hot or very cold.
It seems it's always raining or snowing.
And tell you, Lord, it's getting pretty old.
And tell me, why are pinks all so fucked up?
And why are they trying to blow us all up?
And why do they hate each other when they're so much like each other?
I want to know.
Yeah, I really wonder just what you were thinking.
How could you let them go so far astray?
You must have been down on the corner drinking.
And that's why they're all so fucked up today.
Now I know.
That's why they're all so fucked up.
And that's why they're about to blow us all up.
And that's why they hate each other when they're so much like each other.
And now I know.
Yeah.
Now there were some scary looking people there, but then there were some beautiful people.
And you were there.
And you also.
And you.
And you.
And you.
And you.
And really you were.
But not you.
And you know, but I learned there's no place like home.
Yes.
There's no place like home.
Except Brushwood.
Except, but Brushwood is our home now.
That's true.
Could you imagine living out there in one of those little special living places under the trees at Brushwood?
Yes, one could live out there under the trees and watch as Magdalene paraded by in her finery.
She came by several, I became Magdalene's official clothing approval person.
Yes, I think we all did.
Each day she came in and paraded her vineyard.
She had various and numerous outfits in front of me in various states of dress and undress, I might add.
Very thoughtful of her.
Very thoughtful.
Reverend Mary Magdalene, the wife of Jesus.
Yes, and a great sub-Jesus and a great American.
And Jesus was beaten severely.
Yes, they always do abuse our Lord at these affairs.
Yes.
Nikki, I think, was drunk and high one night and decided to come up with this thing.
None of us have seen Passion, but we're going to try and reenact it.
They're all the same.
They all have the same story.
I read the comic book.
We wrote down the Station of the Cross, but then we lost the piece of paper we wrote it on.
So we don't even have that as a guideline.
But we do know the first thing that happens is that Jesus is condemned.
And we're going to have you do that part in the stage.
And then I'm just going to walk down the road from the stage to the frocks and just walk down the road.
And then I'm going to have people beat me and spit on me and yell at me.
And then I fall once or something.
So why are you doing all the makeup and get up?
Doesn't that happen every year anyway?
Well, I don't know.
The fate of this so-called king of the sub-geniuses, his fate has been left up to his people.
The pathetic rabble, underclass sub-humans, whatever you...
Or is it the Jews? I can't remember.
Sub-geniuses, Jews, one of those things with a J in it.
Sub-geniuses, alright.
You sub-geniuses decide his fate.
I wash my hands of it.
Where is my pilot?
Burn it!
Burn it?
No, burning things against the law in the Roman Catholic Church in this particular alternative universe.
Lock him! Lock him!
Sex-wise is a murderer, a rapist, and a sub-genius.
That's true.
Oh, well, he was going to be executed.
He should take my place.
Okay, we're going to crucify somebody.
It's either going to be this obscene, disgusting murderer, this crackhead,
who's raped and pillaged, he's actually stolen all of your cars, raped all of your daughters,
and your wives, and your moms, and your dads,
or you can either crucify him, or as they used to do in ancient America,
you can instead crucify this guy who talks about peace all the time and smokes pot.
Kill him!
I thought so.
Oh, by the way, he also promotes free sex and says women are equal.
Kill him!
I thought that would do it.
Where's your God now, eh, Jesus?
Let us trick him!
Make him fall!
Oh, how legit!
Death to the king of the...
...genius!
Special effects.
I'm going to break your legs with my blood.
Dead!
Let him be sprayed with pink fake blood rather than bright red fake blood.
What do you have to say to yourself?
I'm going to buy scum!
I have my own stick. Is this one okay?
Okay, now scum!
That's a golf club!
He's allergic to golf clubs!
I will take your cross!
Bring out the gasoline!
He stole his dollar sign and he's got his wallet too!
Okay!
It's time to strip him of his garments!
It is the foreskin of Jesus and it will go on sale at the Buldada auction.
Here it is.
Look at the size of that foreskin.
Look at the urethra hole in the end there.
It proves I'm Jewish.
This man...
This man has what it takes.
One hell of a circumcision.
Look, he's still bleeding.
Truly, he was the son of God.
I'm the funniest fellow you ever heard.
My mother's a virgin, my father's a bird.
So here's to the disciples in Galilee and fuck them all and we'll all live free.
Maybe you should wipe his ass.
James Joyce said that.
Well, I thought that was very successful except it seemed rather anticlimactic.
Weren't we supposed to like kill him or something?
Couldn't we put like pour gasoline?
Why did we stop at the 6th station?
Couldn't we pour gasoline on him and burn him like as a protest against the Iraq war or something?
Yeah!
No, you'd have to cut his head off for that.
Yeah, that's great.
Behead all that you can behead.
Blah, blah, blah.
The brokers and the money changers shall be snatched and ruptured and from their faces
shall be burnt their noses and from their loins dried the fluids of the babe and it
shall be gone unto drainage and my winepress shall spill over with the blood of saints and
elders and the invisible burning blood of the angels shall wash across the taverns and
the houses of ill women and the great library where our kept men are buried.
The profane tablets and ships of false wisdom and the cameras of the pornographer.
For the sins are of the number nine hundred and nine and fourscore and ten and of them
the first is the dropping of the body's voided things unto the white linens of the lamb and
the second is the sin of laying ye down beside the small children and the penetration and
rending asunder thereof.
And of this sin are those without number in its place.


This is a practice.
This is a crooked and perverse nation.
Here are lay these naked children which are unto cherubs and woes their innocence be fouled
by the profane and the unrepentant and those without remorse and even though they touch
not these babes their images of the beast enter into them the children as they sleep
staring into the lamp of hell which is the devil's jewel.
Hey everybody, put your finger in your nose.
.
Pick a booger out and wipe it on your clothes.
.
I don't know how you feel one way or another.
.
It makes you feel happy then wipe one on your brother.
.
Drive in your car and you're looking at your neighbor.
.


My nuggets from his nostrils like a saver in the labor.
.
Pulling, he's tugging, he's shaking on a string.
.
It's a long slimy string.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
. . . . . . . . .
.
.



Hey everybody
Put your finger in your nose
Kick your butt around
And wipe it on your throat
I don't know how you feel
One way or another
Kick your finger out
And wipe it on your throat
guitar solo
Everybody's doing it
Everybody's doing it
Everybody's doing it
Everybody's doing it
Pick a burger out and wrap it on your chewing hands
Everybody's doing it, everybody's doing it
Click a burger!
Click a burger!
Click a burger!
Click a burger! Click a burger!
Dr. Drummond, did you know that recent scientific studies have proven that people who eat their boogers
are on the whole healthier than those who don't?
Because it helps stimulate your immune system constantly
to actually devour the stuff that your nose filters catch
It helps prevent disease
So man, you're free, man, you're free!
We're all free, finally!
Nose pickers are free!
So if you've been storing some up there, way up there in the front
Bring it all out now
Don't be outrageous!
Pick a burger!
Pick a burger!
The conspiracy tried to make you believe it was bad!
Why?
Just because it's gross?
Is that all?
It's not like it tastes bad!
That was the last song
Why did they hide the camera?
That was the last song, Reverend Stagg
Please stop, X-Forgers!
I know you wanted to sing about the boogers, but you didn't
I know he wanted to sing about the boogers
Please stop, X-Forgers!
But this isn't a song about boogers anymore
This was obviously the worst day of all days!
We were trying to get out of boogers
It was the worst day, obviously!
Fuck Bob, fuck X!
Stop the X-Forgers!
I am Peter!
Stop them!


It is over. University is over.
Why do you ex-torture me, Bob?
It was obviously the worst day.
It was the day that the song once again reminded us in its full glory
that it absolutely, after all, refused to die.
Yes, it's true.
The song refused to die.
Still hasn't died.
Even if everyone in the world tried to kill it, that wouldn't matter.
Only one thing could kill the song, and that would be if the song wanted to die.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.

If only the song knew how bad it was, maybe it would want to die and finally give up.
But even though it knew that it was bad, even though it knew it hurt the audience,
the song refused to fucking die.
Oh, yeah.
It was just having too much fun being a bad song.
It was just having a blast.
The song was, anyway.
I don't know about the audience.
I don't know about the musicians or the late musicians,
the former musicians who once worked on the song and tried to escape the song,
but even when you get away from the song,
even when the song's been gone for years,
even when you thought the last time you heard the song was in Arkansas,
God damn it, the song that refused to die always comes back.
Even when you think the song that refused to die has died,
somebody makes some unexpected noise.
This song has a beat.
Somebody starts snoring in the trailer.
This song actually has a tune.
In a solemn moment.
And at that time, you know that the song has still refused to die.
Yep, it's back.
When somebody farts at a funeral, that's part of the song that refused to die.
When somebody lies to you.
You believe it.
That's part of the song that refused to die.
No!
No!
No!
When Spinks Drummond had to go to the hospital screaming,
that was part of the song that refused to die.
You have to go to the hospital.
When Philodrummond burst out of his mother's pussy screaming,
that was part of the song that refused to die.
I think you need to go to the hospital.
When he broke a string and cussed,
that was part of the song that refused to die.
Although, what do you think?
distancing variety of instrument from song for those who play concentricist 그게
But as easier to memorize and exciting that there were a number of Soviet times so you can cuss.








Theرض
The songs
Let's enjoy
There was one




It will but

it will
be
Don's









Shy
Sin
guitar solo
But wait, but wait, but wait.
It wasn't dead yet.
See and be awed
and thank the Lord
that you too were not born like them.
Come one, come all.
Do you dare to see
the eighth and ninth wonders
of the world?
Little Theodore and
a babushka!

I don't know what to do.
I don't know what to do.
I don't know what to do.
I don't know what to do.
I don't know what to do!
I spin around in circles till I think that I might fall
And if I take two steps in a row, I'm walking down a wall
I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do
I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do
The only time I'm happy when I'm sitting on the bar
And if I think of going somewhere I can't make it to the door
I don't know what to do
ooooooooooooooooh
ooh
I don't know what to do!
And so the dark side has won and evil has triumphed in the form of a tiny gene.
Yes, a rapacious, greedy gene that Dr. Moreau failed to remove.
A gene, a tiny code made of simple chemicals, basic chemicals common to all life all over the universe.
Amino acids they're called.
Yes, they exist in space in fragmented, distorted, mutated, ugly, rude, foul-smelling forms such as seen here.
However, these chemicals which are spread throughout the universe in unknown quantities can result in life from out of space.
Yes, life from out of space.
And such life can take many forms.
Forms pleasing to the human eye and others which we would consider monstrous.
Remember, to them, maybe we're the monsters.
Heavy, isn't it?
Friends, countrymen, subgeniuses, Brushwood, now here, the amino acids.
Here are their
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
These reactions are normal.
Enjoy them.
They broke all their equipment.
They even broke
the microphone.
There's blood
and sperm
all over the stage.
Should we clap?
Should we clap
for the amino acids? Nay.
For the amino acids
are
above and beyond clapping.
Also, they are deaf.
I don't know if they...
Well, they couldn't mention that because they're dumb, too.
Yes, the amino acids...
The amino acids are deaf,
and they can't hear what they do.
But their blood and sperm
has been left here for us to analyze.
Perhaps they've gone back to their own planet.
We must now go on, yes, on, onward.
We must not mourn for the amino acids.
Nay, nor the pinks who must die,
nor ourselves who must continue to go back to work,
perhaps, someday, if the Xs don't get here.
But now, we should go to the Bonfils.
Yes, where we can burn, burn, burn, burn, burn!
Burn!
Not stored in any souls, dear friends.
So buy, buy, and do not share.
Only buy.
Forget sharing and niceness.
Remember only consuming.
Consuming.
Buying.
And selling.
Because Bob came to me in a dream, friends.
He looked me in the eye and he said,
Stang!
I want you to stop buying and start selling!
So get out that most sacred organ.
Just unzip your pants, bend over,
and yank out that big ol' stinky wallet.
And exercise the tool of the subgenius that is your tongue.
And promise with your tongue to pledge.
And then back up your pledge.
Yes, look at that green and cabbage changing hands.
Yes, that is the moment of the true magic happens.
At that moment of transfer, energy, friends.
The life is the money.
I mean the blood.
Or, well, the money and the blood and the slack.
And the life is the money.
I fall mixed together with the sperm and blood on the stage
of the X-Day revival at Brushwood.
No parking except for Bob.
You're all married now.
We're holy men and we can say that.
Although also, I might add,
by virtue of the fact that I'm a holy man,
I now declare that you may, as of this moment on,
do anything that you want.
Go ahead.
I said it.
You can go ahead and do it.
That's the authority of the holy man.
You can do anything if only you will believe.
Now Hal, on the other hand, spent most of his time pickling in a large vat of hot water.
It was a spa-like treatment at Brushwood.
He couldn't stay out of it.
There was a magnet in the bottom of the,
it was a water magnet in the bottom of the hot tub that continually attracted Hal back.
Not just a hot tub, but a hot tub.
But a pool as well.
But also the pool.
A pool of young talent that was there.
And there was many, many bounteous,
beauteous babes that were lolling and cajoling Hal in those pools.
They wanted to comfort me because me and Philo and Doug wanted me to come to the stage and do rants and so forth.
And all Hal could do was stay in the hot tub,
crying like a little baby, being comforted by the beautiful young,
and might I add, very well built young ladies.
They offered much comfort, I'm telling you.
And they provided a soft, warm respite to Reverend Hal.
No kidding, when you and Stang left they patted me and said, there, there, it's alright.
They patted you all over your entire body.
They massaged your every muscle.
They gave me emphatic hugs just in the spirit of fellowship and brotherly love.
No, I tell you, you're a lousy one.
But how about those rebates?
You laugh, and that's not what was, you wouldn't have laughed had you seen the mighty Dr. Hal lolling and cajoling.
There wasn't time enough for me to get up and get down to the stage anyway.
But what about when we just brought you the microphone to the hot tub, so you could just...
That might have been a solution to the problem.
That's when we had the cardboard cutout of Dr. Hal on the stage, but his voice was coming from the hot tub.
He was singing that favorite song.
I did lead a round of subtenuous songs in the hot tub room in the middle of the night.
I didn't start them, the others did.
I'm sure she wonders where you are.
Up above the world you fly like a tea tray in the sky.
This is what Hal was saying to him.
He said, get out of here.
Before I have the time to change my mind.
Yeah, because you know that's what this X Day is all about.
Young girl, get out of my mind.
This is Hal redoing the Gary Puckett song from X Day live.
Pretty good, huh? This is of course karaoke.
Now we had the Hal cutout doll at this point in time.
The girls were dancing, beginning to dance, and the young ladies and women and women were all...
cavorting and lollygagging.
Some of them were quite formidable in appearance.
Some were gallivanting even.
Some were galumphing, you could say.
Across the stage with their mighty boots on.
Yes, they're... well, I won't say it.
Their big hobnail boots, the ones that they stomp you with.
Right, you wouldn't want to be on their bad side, let's put it that way.
As they soaked in the baptism of the genetically engineered Frankenwater of Brushwood.
H2-uh.
As opposed to the Weirwater, which is H2-awr.
Well, friends, yes, we put the un in fundamentalism.
And the foo in fundamentalism.
And, friends, but best of all, we put the ha in hate.
That's a new bumper sticker for you.
We put the ha in hate.
Ah, yes.
And, in fact, we also put the very low in love.
We can take a soaring emotion like love and just make it low and pig-wallowing sex.
That's true love, friends.
You'll pay not to really think.
That was another one.
Actually, to tell the truth, first off, let me say I'm basically stalling.
For the amino acids.
And, uh, because we want to get them on stage.
And get them burning up this stage fast.
Because right down the hill in the roundhouse is a mighty Dobbs icon and a mighty big pile of frop.
Ready to be burnt.
Burnt as a sacrificial offering to that man, Bob.
And they're not just the wood and the frop will be burnt.

But that which means the most to you will be burnt.
Your faith in Bob itself.
Ah, yes.
Praise Bob and let him go up in smoke.
So that the exes will know that at long last there's somebody down here worth evacuating.
If you're going to feel silly about fighting for the saucers, feel silly the hell out of it.
I like that of a metaphor.

Once again the King falls.
We kill Kennedy, everyone of us,
It was you and me, we kill Bob.
It wasn't muzzling evidence and his dentures and his gun.
It was we who killed Bob. Yes.
He was born from our own jowls, ripped from our livers.
And.
And, uh, spunk in our wet dreams.
And so we too shall destroy him like Frankenstein's monster.
Oh, wait.
No, Frankenstein's monster destroys Frankenstein.
I guess.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Each subgenius old lowerarchy guy had his own 16-room house.
It was so great.
And each one was a what?
A steel cylinder.
What?
We got to live in our house for like 12 seconds a day.
It's all.
Because there were so many sycophants who needed your time.
They called our cabin animal house because of the decaying piles of watermelon covered
with seething ants that finally deposited around the outside of the shower.
The life before.
But right across the street from us was the special private hot tub and spa which only
X Day's staff.
Could use.
Because the thing is so big now, folks.
I mean, with that many people showing up, you have to have separate areas for the, uh.
At least for the hygiene.
Yeah, the, the Finkarati go to the.
Ow.
Go to the special.
One of my brain.
Non-hygienic areas.
Suspension cable just snapped.
A water swimming pool.
There it went again.
The other one has snapped now.
That leaves your brain floating in space now.
Oh, you had three of them.
Wow.
Wow.
Very good.
Three brains.
You know, that's, uh, two more than most.
Whoa, two more popped.
Man.
This doesn't look right, man.
I'm not sure what's going on here.
Those are brains.
They were.
They started out as brains.
You can kind of see the resemblance of brains to them right now when you look at them.
Now, uh, see, they can lift up.
They can fly.
Oh, no, they're not brains.
They're just cheap sound effects.
Oh, sorry.
Sorry.
I didn't know I was on the air.
Can you imagine if this show was on in the daytime?
The gigantic information engine that would boom across America.
Then we'd have to sell commercials and stuff like that.
Blanking over the information superhighway.
We'd have products we'd be selling on the show.
Yeah.
I saw quite a few products there, and many of them used my art.
Do people come to X-Day and sell all the stuff?
Your stuff?
At the sell, sell, sell, sell.
Yeah, they do.
They sell their stuff.
They sell their brawnies.
They sell their arms.
They sell their chilly winter nights.
They're snugly come wrapped.
And they sell space on their butts.
They sell their oil-burning miner's lamps.
They sell their chop, chop, chops.
But they all want to ingratiate themselves with the older sub-gleemies.
Well, that's a good thing.
That's what this culture for.
They sell their rattlesnakes.
They sell their bodies.
Now, there was one quite lovely young lady who was dancing around the fire.
Oops, and they spill the coffee at Pirate Cat Radio.
This woman was...
I'm really sorry to hear about that.
Well, the...
No.
What are you doing with that on the alley?
Are you talking about the Marine?
Are you talking about the Marine?
I'm talking about...
Yes, she was in the Marine Corps.
She was headed for Japan as a corporal in the Marine Corps.
But there she was at Brushwood dancing around unclad around the fire.
Hey, you need that kind of thing.
Yes, well, and she was quite nice.
You always notice if they don't have clothes on, don't you?
Well, they want you to notice.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Anyway, and...


Anyway, there were all sorts of folks dancing around out there.
Not all, so...
She actually jammed with the band on the Friday night, too.
She came up and did a song.
She was really quite something, and it was amazing to learn she was heading back to military
service after the Civil War.
She was sweet.
Yeah.
She was.
She came up, she introduced herself to me.
She was quite nice.
And I'm trying to...
I think her name was Lee or something, wasn't it?
Well, now it's all there in the record book.
Lee or D or B or G or K.
Then the great day is finally upon us.


They're all Marines are Lee.
It's an honorary name given to Marines after the Civil War.
Forget King Kong, just remember Urban Gorilla.
We had a beautiful female vocalist...
La, la, la, la.
...gracing our stage.
Woo!
Reverend Lee Burles had a song she wanted to share with us, folks.
And I'm sure it'll be better if you hear it.
Don't pull your love out on me, babe.
Oh, sorry.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Okay, this is the first time I've done this with an audience or whatever.
Yeah.
Can I take it off?
Can I hold it?
Yeah, you can take it off.
Take it off.
Woo!
Yeah!
A lady just entered the room.
Take your hats off.
Let's have some decorum here.
I mean, after all, we all...
Everybody here is a subgenius, so come on.
Let's tone it down.
This is a great day.








This is like, came to me one day.
It was really weird.
So, and...
Those feelings rolling like a rollercoaster.
Those feelings rolling like a rollercoaster.
Those feelings rolling like a rollercoaster.
The venture that doesn't end.
Excitement builds within the spirit.
A smile blossoms upon the face.
An understanding not spoken.
Spiraling out in all directions in the rays of the sun.
Planets, satellites, moons, whatever you want to call them.
Spacecrafts forgotten.
Space junk, the funk that makes your limbs want to move.
Now we're in the groove.
Galaxy swirling, comets burning, vibrations around us.
Such a great experience.
Going to share it with the universe.
How would you do it?
Different ways for each individual.
Trails created.
A path your own expression.
The journey has just begun.
Spiraling out in all directions in the rays of the sun.

Planets, satellites, moons, whatever you want to call them.
Spacecrafts forgotten.
Space junk, the funk that makes our limbs want to move.
Now we're in the groove.
Galaxy swirling, comets burning, vibrations around us.
So much is happening in one moment.
Lose your mind?
See what you find?
More than the bump and grind.
It's your time to follow your hints, and find more.
Pretend that you have finished and get all the answers.



It's just a glimpse of so much more.
Wondering what is the score?
Open your door.
Smiling out in all directions in the rays of the sun.
Planets, satellites, moons, whatever you want to call them.
Spacecrafts forgotten.
Space junk, the funk next to limbs.
Want to move.
Now we're in the groove.
Galaxies swirling.
Comets burning.
Vibrations.
Around us.
Creatures of Earth disperse.
The truth of knowledge.
Creation of destruction.
It's not fair.
Don't despair.
Baba's heir.
Create your own faith in your own taste.
Ultimate risk to make a mistake.
Now you know.
No more fear.
Slack is here.
Smiling out in all directions in the rays of the sun.
Planets, satellites, moons, whatever you want to call them.
Spacecrafts forgotten.
Space junk, the funk next to limbs.
Want to move.
Now we're in the groove.
Galaxies swirling.
Comets burning.
Vibrations.
Around us.
A beacon of light.
It's quite a sight.
It's okay.
Let's go play with the energy that is good.
An important thing to get.
Let's not forget.
The man with the pipe.
Smoke rising high.
Beyond the sky.










The hope to help us cope.
Smiling out in all directions in the rays of the sun.
Planets, satellites, moons, whatever you want to call them.
Spacecrafts forgotten.
Space junk, the funk that makes your limbs want to move.
Now we're in the groove.
Galaxies swirling.
Comets burning.
Vibrations around us.
The spaceships have landed.
The minds expanded.
An indefinable being.
A subgenius.
Nothing else like it.
Don't expect this shit.
Look at what they get.
Spiraling out in all directions in the rays of the sun.
Planets, satellites, moons, whatever you want to call them.
Spacecrafts forgotten.
Space junk, the funk that makes your limbs want to move.
Now we're in the groove.
Galaxies swirling.
Comets burning.
Vibrations around us.













Spirit is healed.
An unshadowable ebola.
Great meaning extreme.
More to the light than what is seen.
Stay away from that neat machine.
You, the abnormal mechanism of impossible.
Make possible...
Spiraling out in all directions in the rays of the sun.
Planets, satellites, moons, whatever you want to call them.
Spacecrafts are gone, space junk from the funk that makes the aliens wanna move
Now we're in the groove, galaxies swirling, comets burning
Vibrations around us, spiraling out in all directions
In the rays of the suns, planets, satellites, moons, whatever you wanna call them
Spacecrafts forgotten, space junk from the funk that makes the aliens wanna move
Now we're in the groove, galaxies swirling, comets burning
Vibrations around us, vibrations around us, vibrations around us
Thank you!
Reverend Lee Bowles!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Lee Bowles!
Woo!
Vibrations around us
Oh, yes, dear friends, acid corpse
Vibrations around us

With a guest, Reverend Lee Bowles
Friends, you can hear more of the Swingin' Love Corpses and or the amino acids
At quiveringbrain.com or www.theaminoacids.com
And thanks to Potare Nostril for recording that stuff at 7X Day Brushwood
If you want to know more about Puzzling Evidence Show on KPFA in Berkeley
Check out KPFA.com
And Little Theodore can be found at littletheodore.com
And that's Theodore spelled F-Y-O-D-O-R
And everything else is at subgenius.com
Because this is the Hour of Slack and it's the Church of the Subgenius
And our new official post office box
Post office box
807
Glen Rose, Texas
76043
Music
They're a bunch of art criminals
Critics
And we're looking for people who like to draw
Music
