We interrupt this program to activate the emergency
Subgenius Power of Spark
It's just recording on the air
Open air, ambiently
Okay
It takes a long time to load
Because it's got like
Everything's going fine
23 hours worth of recording time on this one
Hour after hour
Subsumed to electronic forms
I didn't want to worry about changing the disc
So I got one of those 32 gig cards
Well, we don't know what day it is
Or where we are
But we do know it's another hour of slack
Only this time it's going to have
Ask Dr. Hal in it
That's supposed to happen
And the Bulldada auction following that
Both of those things are problematical
They may occur
Or greater forces surrounding us on all sides
May prevent them from occurring as planned
The weather is changing
It looks like Wotan may have some surprises for us
So are we still doing show up here?
Yeah
We are because he flipped it
We just started a new show
We're into the next hour
I get it
There we go
Subgenius Radio Ministry
Hour of Spark
Broadcast once again
From Caffeina's Cosmic Cafe
Lovely Wisteria community
In Ohio's outback
Meigs County
Home of Meigs County Green
A beautiful place
With many beautiful things in it
Oh brave new world
That has such goodly creatures in it
But I need to
You need to
I need to
I need to prepare the Ask Dr. Howell sheets
The special questionnaire sheets
You have to slit some sheets I understand
Yeah
We can take a small break
Take a break while Stang slits sheets
Well
Yeah actually
You could slit them
I'm going to leave this thing on
And go do other things
Well Stang will be back ladies and gentlemen
Here's the science book
Oh alright
Now that we've got it
We've got science
We're absolutely on target
In the deep discovery of the subterranean world
A shallow part would satisfy some inquirers
Who if two or three yards were digged up about the surface
Would not be content to rake the bowels of Potosi
And regions toward the center
Nature hath furnished one part of the earth
And man another
The treasures of time lie high
In urns of time and earth's depths

And the
The treasures of time and earth's depths
And the treasures of time and earth's depths
And otherwise prepare
Separate
What about separate Dr. Howell?
The question sheets for the Ask Dr. Howell show
Absolutely essential for the performance of this show
And now Stang is resorting to his caveman tools
And now Stang is resorting to his caveman tools
Of fingernails
And sweaty brute strength
To rip through phone book sized swats of paint
If you fold it in half a lot of times
Well you could fold it
Yes you could make it easy
But what about the challenge?
Let it be a challenge
I'll tear that phone book in half Dr. Howell
It's happening
It's happening right now
And I think a pair of scissors may be making its way here
Right now
Stang behold scissors
Scissors
And more than scissors
It's Reverend Joadu
And so with these still damp scissors
The pieces are being partitioned
And soon we will be ship shape and squared away
To do the Ask Dr. Howell show
Yes it does happen
You see there is an answer
Sometimes all you need to do is ask the question
But if you're mumbling and silent
Fidgeting and fumbling
Then you'll never get anywhere
Yes sir you've got to speak right up
Like Dr. Drummond
Yes sir you've got to speak right up
When he wants something he doesn't keep it to himself
No I just butt right in
That's right
Talk over people
I don't know if we want to tell that story
Like when you challenged your inner authoritative white man
And got out of paying thousands of dollars of damage
For a damaged RV
That was a magnificent performance
Well sometimes a little indignation does go a long way
Maybe we don't want to talk about that one
But these are genuine powers
These are real powers
These are powers
They actually work
They actually preserve you from harm
And more than that
They advance you
Into upper realms that few others
Can actually dream of
Well they had harshed my mellow
And I had to make them pay
Yes you had to get back your slack
That they were trying to filch away
In their way
Of course they could have positioned it a different way
That I'd abused their vehicle
They didn't have time
Because you rolled over them
In a storm of righteousness
That's right
I couldn't do it
They would tell by my cringing demeanor
That I was guilty
Guilty, guilty
But I wasn't guilty
Because I did have righteousness on my side
You had righteousness
But you hadn't bought any insurance
For the vehicle
Which was heavily damaged
By Michael Pepe and other roisterers
Yeah Michael Pepe
Yes
Not the kind of
Michael Pepe who
Put away your glassware
He just put his hand on the screen
And the handle would come off in his hand
It just broke
He broke the mirror in the bathroom
Then he'd go into the bathroom
And you'd hear a shower of glass
From the bathroom mirror suddenly breaking
And falling into the sink
Well Philo ground his teeth in anger
And so the RV was degraded
Over a series of intervals
Remember when I chewed him out like a small child
Yes he hung his head like a small dog
I shamed him
I felt so bad
It also didn't help that you threw the raw timber
Of the boards used to support the giant screen
For the drive-in theater outside into the van
And said we'll fasten them down when we get going
And so while the thing rolled along
These huge beams
Splintery beams crashed back and forth
Through the delicate plywood cabinets
And everything inside the RV
Then there was a little problem
With trying to drive over a concrete road divider
With the RV
It was hard on the undercarriage
Although a noble attempt
So that by the time Philo got there
This RV
Which he hadn't bought any insurance for
Because who needs to pay $50 extra
By the time he got it back to the rental place
He had some thinking to do
And man did he rise
Magnificently over it
By putting on his authoritative
Aggressive inner angry white man
And storm in there
Complaining about everything that was broken
About every dent
And atrocity that had done
And they were quieting him down
Saying we'll give you money off
We'll give you a discount
Next time
Please calm down sir
And they gradually mollified him
They got him to be more comfortable
I think they even gave me $100 on top of that
So there was slack for all
You see
Slack is the opposite of tension
Leisure
The basis of culture
Only after you can sit down
And invent the wheel
And discover how to generate fire
You can be a caveman who has slack
You see
Yeah
And you have to avoid that persistent
Unless your slack is chopping logs
Pursuing mammoth
For the fire
That chases you 20 days
But keeps you fit
While you grab some berries
And nearly inedible roots
Some crazy nuts would think
Chopping wood might be fun
Yes because it might
It might exercise the shoulders and back
And also make you more Lincoln-esque
So you could sweep into political office
Only in leisure
Look there's some children over there
Little tiny children
Proto-subgeniuses
The rising generation of subgeniuses
Raising them upright
Yes they seem to be small and feeble now
Eventually they'll be iron overlords
With their metal shoes on our necks
And we'll beg them to take our next breaths
So take care of those little kinder
Yes
Only in leisure can you figure out
The next thing there is to do
All the pleasure saucers we have
Cars
Cars
That look like
You know
They would be hot inside
That's what we actually leave the kids in
They're like bumper cars
Yeah they get in there
They just bounce around like crazy
Like popcorn
Seething in a pan
We turn the air conditioner on in there
If they're good
Well
Or not
That's all part of the wonder world to come
On the pleasure saucers
Okay here they come
Oh we already have an
Ask Dr. Hal question slip
That is good
And that is part of the
But we're going to need
Ivan Stang back
To explain the rest of the gaffe
Yes we have the questions
And the slips
But there's a little bit more that we need
But it's funny
I'm not seeing Ivan Stang anywhere
He seems to have dropped off the face of the earth
What's going on Philo?
I think he did
I think he's gone
I think something happened to him
That is sad indeed
We're going to have to carry on
We're going to have to limp on
A crippled version of ourselves
Ourself
Coming in on a wing and a prayer
Though there's one motor gone
Still we must carry on
I know you're just being a little bit frivolous
But he could have actually hurt himself
You know
Put it over here
Thank you
He could have slipped and fallen
Yes
And he can't get up right now
Yes
Thank you
Is he on the ground over there?
Oh he was in the crap station
Don't turn in your slips yet ladies and gentlemen
Wait for Reverend Stang
He was dumping a load
He has more to tell you about these
Although it's fine
We have already received some
That shows that others are ready
For the juggernaut of Ask Dr. Howe
And here's Stang now
You need to tell them about the protocols
Of sending in these slips
Because they're not doing it quite right
Although they are doing it
Yes it's important
And well here's Ivan Stang
Well dear friends
Dr. Howe sees all
Knows all
Or at least can appear to
You will be convinced
Anything you can ask him
Will be answered
But for him to exercise
This kind of almost supernatural
Brain power
Takes a lot out of him
And is actually kind of expensive
So although we do not insist
On any gratuity by any means
It is traditional to
To include a tip
Give Hal a tip
Give Hal a tip
Otherwise how do we know
That you actually value your question
And it's not just some
Bored snarky trope
If you put a little
Of the actual cash there
Then we know
You will try to make it a little better
You see it's for your benefit
More than ours
Focus is the important thing
You've got to focus on the locus
And get some traction in the action
Thank you, thank you very much
I will read the questions
Once we get some
To Dr. Howe
And then I will interpret them
In my usual fashion
And I'm going to be selling a cheat sheet
Right over there for $25
That has some questions that have been proven
To be impossible for Dr. Howe to answer
Dr. Drummond has been there before
He's even been a host of the Ask Dr. Howe show
When we've performed it in San Francisco
So uh
In a horrible venue I might add
One of the worst places we ever did that show
And yet Philo was a trooper
He was there
And he showed a 3D movie
Which wasn't in 3D
And we're going to try not to make fun
Of your handwriting
Your spelling
Much can be determined
From orthography
Is there a question that Dr. Howe can't answer?
That's the question
That's not it at all
Oh yeah, yeah, here
Right over here
There is, there's several questions he can't answer
So if you're into that thing
And stumping
I mean not
This really isn't stump, Dr. Howe
But if you're really into that thing
Then it can't be done for an additional price
Well friends, what you will receive from me in any case
I assure you is an answer
And the idea of an answer
Like the idea of a question
Is simply a structure which we impose
For our own convenience
Upon the otherwise
Impossible to understand
Visage of reality
Your concept of correctness doesn't really play
Into the
Abnormality
Into the
The
The
The
Anxiety


It
It
Operates
By the fact that often the question is right there
The answer is right there on the slip
Lurking inside the question
It's not difficult if you practice it properly
But we will perform a limited version of this silly-ass show
And then
The Bulldada Auction
Will have its first iteration
Here at the Church of the Subgenius' most famous festival
Ex Day
And here's our first question
already, but I didn't do that.
It's got a George Washington with it.
And the question, it has a drawing also,
which I'll show you in a second.
Sure.
Are you sure you don't want to tell them
the other facts about the show,
the other things that we need to know about?
Yeah, the other things.
We're already in the end of the question phase.
No, wait a minute.
You're the one who's supposed to answer the questions.
What are the other things?
Yeah, but you have to tell them
that a really good question gets this and that
and the other.
A really good question gets this.
A really good, no, I don't remember the rules exactly.
Okay, all right.
All right.
A really good question,
but we can't do it that way anyway.
We dispense shots of liquor for good questions,
but we don't.
We got some wild turkey right there.
No, that's too precious to burn up on such a trope.
But we give them horrible liquor.
We give them Fernet Branca, and we don't have any.
But then also we'll give you a Bardic recitation
if your donation is higher than usual.
And if there's something you'd like to add,
write on the back of your question slip
and bring it up here,
and it will be added to the Akashic recording.
It's what we call a side note.
And now I think that's all the preliminary codswallop
that we need to interject at this time.
Yes, in other words, you get what you pay for,
and the more you pay,
the more grandiose an answer you will get
and special rewards.
Even so.
And now please proceed, Stang,
because the hour,
grows late.
Question number one.
If nine out of ten dentists
recommend Brand X toothpaste,
what does that tenth dentist recommend?
And here's a drawing of a pipe-smoking molar.
Wow, look.
A pipe-smoking molar
with three roots,
making it one of the toughest
and largest of the adult wisdom teeth.
Yes, these three root molars
are...
They're not the only root molars.
They're the only root molars.
They're the only root molars.
They're the only root molars.



Now, let's review the question quickly.
If nine out of ten dentists
recommend Brand X toothpaste,
what does that tenth dentist recommend?
Look into the question
from a statistical basis.
Oh, thank you.
Nine out of ten dentists
are dishonest crooks,
like nine out of ten of any profession.
And they do not have your interest
at heart.
They have not taken
the Hippocratic Oath to their bosom,
but that tenth idiot has.
He's the one who will actually recommend
the good brand,
but these other so-called quizling
fellow traveler dentists
are recommending Brand X
because it does no good
and allows your teeth to become
an unsightly mass of rotting fissures
and craters and deep damage
below the gum line.
Yes, you want to find that tenth dentist,
and we wish you all the best.














We wish you luck in that enterprise.
Oh, my gosh.
It's raining.
The rain is falling all around.
It falls on field and tree.
I love the rain.
It falls on the umbrellas here
and on the ships at sea.
It's like footsteps
on the sidewalks of life.
It'll wash everything away.
This is nothing to the rain
that will come in a few days
that will scour the planet
clean as a cue ball.
My attention was captured
by the baby.
Yes.
It's a yeti baby.
A yeti youngling.
The Werdigan child.
Right.
Produced by a noted subgenius.
Yeah, and you know what?
She's the Antichrist.
Look how cute she is.
The cutest little Antichrist
I ever saw in my life.
Yes.
See, this infant is seeing a show
being performed for the first time.
To come as an angel of light.
Right.
Okay.
Time for question number two.
Okay, okay.
Get the brat out of here.
Okay, we're done with the...
I'm gonna...
I'll kiss his...
I'll kiss his forehead later.
Yes.
White, actually.
Kiss him.
Yes.
Okay, here we go.
Okay, here's a $1 question.
Very good.
Why is Dr. Kleiner
always thinking about
sex and reproduction?
Well, uh...
Dr. Kleiner
is always thinking about
sex and reproduction.
Because the combine,
that group of humans
who go along with the alien invasion,
particularly Arch Administrator Dr. Breen,
are just fine with the dampening field
over City 17
that prevents the toiling human worker slaves
from fornicating.
But my character, Dr. Kleiner, says
we, the underground workers,
have suspended that field.
Get to fornicating at once.
Yes.
We don't know when
that field will be reestablished.
Although we think
we have turned the tide
and the dampening field
will not fall again.
Nonetheless,
it is time to turn our minds
to sex and reproduction.
And that is a summary
of my noted speech
to the citizens of City 17,
which has become part of a...
Yeah, it's a paraphrase
and it's shortened.
It's part of a movie
called Escape from City 17.
But it's good advice
to take at any time.
For ye never know
when the master cometh.
And when the master cometh,
you don't get to.
So let's pass along
to the next question.
This is another one dollar question.
That's fine.
U.S. dollar.
Good everywhere.
What are the circumstances
behind the first recorded case
of butthurt?
Well,
what are the circumstances
behind the first recorded case


of butthurt?
You have to go back
a long time ago
to the first generation
of human beings.
It would have to be
to be the first recorded case.
Now, you may have heard
a distorted version of this story.
But there were two brothers,
one known as Cain
and one known as Abel.
The elder of the two, Cain,
was actually more Abel
in his own way.
He was the elder of the two.
He was able to grow plants,
which means that
he was the first agriculturist.
And there came a time
when Cain and Abel
presented their sacrifices
to Jehovah One,
malign and senile space god,
even then.
Now, Abel, the fair-haired boy,
the younger brother,
put a bunch of smoking meat
and entrails
on the sacred altar.
While Cain spread
the fruits of the earth,
fruits and vegetables,
kale, gluten-free,
all that stuff on the altar.
Who do you think God chose?
The meat altar.
Because the scent of burning flesh
is of a sweet savor
unto the nostrils of the Lord.
And because,
if you know anything
about the supernatural,
ghosts like blood.
Because it makes them more human.
If you are,
are invoking a ghost,
you put a little bowl of blood there
and gradually you see
the level going down
and you know there's a ghost.
Well, God is the greatest
of all ghosts,
the arch spirit,
and needs a lot more blood,
which is plain
when you look at human history.
And so, Cain was miffed by this
and he slew his brother Abel,
conking him in the head
with a rock,
as it says in the book of Genesis.
To make up for this,
the Lord put a weird mark
on his face.
So, that wherever he moved
across the face of the earth,
people would recognize him
as anathema,
recognize him as
the first case of butthurt
on planet earth.
And Dr. Howell,
didn't he have his brother?
What about his brother, though?
I'm not hearing you
through your microphone,
but his brother was killed.
His brother Abel was killed.
Now, there are other examples
of butthurt in the Old Testament,
like Jacob and Esau,
all kinds of rip-offs.
Maybe you're thinking of that one.
Thank you, sir.
Here, we missed it, but...
Oh, there we go.
It's a string kind of thing.
Look at this.
Stang, things are looking up.
Well, we'll go to this one.
Didn't the Lord also like
this hot smell of burning flesh?
Always. The Lord loves the hot smell
of burning flesh.
This hot smell of burning flesh
will be at the final days,
according to the book of Revelation.
The armies of the plain of Megiddo
will be burned, and the Lord will
whiff the stench of their frying
and frizzling.
Kind of like the pinks frying
in their own juices.
Kind of, isn't it?
Oh, that leads us into this question.
Very well, let's have it.
Which we're going to immediately,
because of the size of the donation.
Which questions have any meaning...
No, what questions have any meaning
when X day is only a couple of days away?
Why?
So relevant at this time.
Did everybody hear that?
What questions have any meaning
when X day is only a couple of days away?
Beautiful hand printing job, by the way.
This is clearly a squared away subgenius
who asked this.
Well, if meaning is to be exterminated
when the saucers arrive,
not much is the answer to the question.
But what if the arrival of the saucers
will make everything that is now murky
and doubtful so easy to understand
we don't have to worry our poor,
bothered craniums about it anymore
and can devote ourselves to entirely
slackful pursuits?
Isn't that what's it about?
We're not going to mean, we're going to be.
Yes, meaning is only a tool
to help us stumble through life.
Every lowly animalcule, the, uh,
paramecium or slipper creature
understands irritation.
It understands the way to go forward.
Now, ethology teaches us that we are exactly
what we are because of environmental pressures.
We look like what we are because we must,
because this is the best way
we can survive in our environment.
That's why the philosophy that says,
oh, well, we'll never really understand
with our human senses what's going on,
that's, uh, wrong.
And it's been wrong ever since Plato
because our human senses evolved
to make sure that we understand
what means the most significantly to us.
But we will have new bodies
and new forms and new vistas of slackfulness
when the saucers come.
Why else are we here?
That's my question to you.
But I got a nice donation,
and so now here is the Bardic recitation,
a relatively short one,
by Walt Whitman.
A noiseless, patient spider
I marked where on a little promontory it stood,
marked where it shot out from itself
filament, filament, filament,
ceaselessly speeding them,
ceaselessly on the way.
Unreeling them.
And you, oh my soul,
where you stand,
surrounded by measureless oceans of space,
ceaselessly musing, venturing, throwing,
seeking the spheres to connect them,
till the bridge you need be formed,
till the ductile anchor hold,
till the gossamer thread you fling
catch somewhere, oh my soul.
Thank you for your question.
Let's do the next one.
Arugaa!
There's another eye in the pyramid for you.
Very good.
Considering the number of rainbow confederate ISIS dildo sex toy flags loose on Facebook recently,
should I consider switching back to MySpace for my own safety?
Well, you heard that one.
Because of all these confederate goofballs,
these football flags that are put up in light of the recent controversies
about the old star and bars confederate battle flag,
and their liability to hurt a sensitive individual,
should that person creep back to the safety of MySpace
and avoid the rude blandishments of Facebook?
Well, whatever brings you slack is of course the easy and dime store answer to that one,
but let's go a little further.
MySpace can have only what you want to see there.
But are you sure that's the best for your own development?
Because everything that you don't like causes you to get in motion and do something about it.
If only stuff that you liked were there,
you wouldn't make that move to MySpace or whatever it is you do,
which might be better advised in reaction.
Yes, irritation is an important motivational force.

And even, as I said before, the lowest creatures in the hierarchy of life know it.
Embrace the value of these annoyances,
and then you will get to the slackful pinnacle wherefrom you can annoy others.
Very good, very good.
Here's one that I have to comment on myself.
Very good. That's your job.
Can you describe events leading up to the first day
of the first X-Day drill and the excommunication of Jesus Bevilacqua,
if that is really what happened?
Remember, I was there, and it is signed Rev. X.
Anyway, Jesus Bevilacqua is never excommunicated.
Yes, that's a misunderstanding.
The first X-Day drill would be the thing called the first X-Day drill in 1996.
But poor Jesus, you know, it was the actions of Evil Judge Punch,
the family New York judge that caused, made it a little uncomfortable
for the Bevilacqua family to continue to associate real closely with Satanist.
The infernal serpent.
Although we're still in touch.
He it was.
But.
Yeah, so, you see, Bevilacqua, Jesus,
was not excommunicated.
But there was a procession, a rite,
which caused much trouble when the conspiracy heard about it,
because it deeply offended them.
Particularly the use of a goat or a goat's head,
an important part of the ritual.
It was a mask.
A mask worn by the live, unclothed body of Sister Mary Magdalene.
I almost brought it.
But this judge who played golf with the defense lawyer on his off days
was not inspired to think the book of the subgenius was even funny.
He kept thumbing through it at the trial saying,
well, I don't see what's so funny about this.
And things didn't look good.
And much grief.
Totally scam proof.
Much grief was brought into their lives.
Much unnecessary human anguish.
Because this is how the conspiracy can misinterpret
our simple, humble platitudes and playfulness.
So, what really happened is joy.
And the pagan Dionysian spirit.
And then what happened after that is that Christian severity
came heavily down upon it.
The forces of reaction swung their iron mallet.
And so, it's not always easy to be a subgenius.
Sometimes you have to pay for it.
Sometimes being a subgenius out there in the conspiracy mental maze
is an additional level of difficulty.
What if you're by the side of the road having trouble with a car
or an auto accident or something.
Someone stops who might help you but then starts asking you,
well, what's that face there?
What's that all about?
And now when you want to talk about anything,
you have to talk about Bob and Slack and so on.
And usually they won't even help you after that.
So, forewarned is forearmed.
Jesus' wife Magdalene de Valaqua is the only person we know of
who is legally restrained from having subgenius publications in her house.
They have to keep them in the garage.
Right. They won't allow them in the house.
Thanks to the juridical system.
By the way, I saw the little boy.
We don't let them in our house either.
At Chris Lee's wedding to Magdalene's sister, as it turned out.
And Conbo.
Connor.
The subgenius name was Conbo.
Marjo was named after Mary and Joseph.
Conbo, the son of Jesus and Magdalene, was named after Connie and Bob.
So, anyway, Conbo, when I saw him a couple of years ago,
was a strapping 16-year-old boy.
He was with his buddy.
When he got to the wedding, he and the boy were surly and teenage.
And stayed in the back.
Like, you know, this is lame and stupid.
We had to go to this wedding.
By the end of it, they had gotten so into the spirit of things
that they were running around bringing people drinks
and just became a real big part of the party.
So, it just goes to show.
Teenagers are that way all over the place now, aren't they?
Well, when they get slack, they become advanced beings in a flash
while you're not even looking.
They were bound and determined to be sullen teenagers,
but the spirit of the subgenius wedding won them over.
Yes, the spirit of the subgenius wedding moved upon the waters.
And now we're ready for another question.
Here's a $1 question.
What is the best key for doctor band jams?
What is the best key for doctor band jams?
That's a good question.
Young people are strong these days.
That's so relevant in today's...
When they're musicians and they've got good strength, good circulation, and good lungs.
So they could, I suppose, consume a whole key.
But we usually consume about half a key when performing our music.
But youngsters, it doesn't seem to hurt them.
They can just absorb it.
And more power to them.
Of course, when that is used up, growers must grow more.
And the earth is rendered more fruitful and delightful.
Yes, the key of .
Next.
In order, from nicest to meanest, what are the alien races' names and description?
That could go on forever.
That is a very good question.
There are many of them.
There are many alien races and many descriptions.
So, you know, look out at the stars and you'll see that there are quite a few of those.
And you know that equation about how many planets are inhabitable.
However, it doesn't say how many planets are sociable.
A lot of them won't even talk to you, even when you talk to them nicely.
So, you have to know, I guess, about the worst ones.
Yes.
And from nicest to meanest, first we would have to talk about the equivalent of Ewoks.
Fuzzy, cuddly, chubby, little inoffensive beings.
Well, you might meet them.
But they're so unmotivated that they never push to the head of the line.
It's up to you to meet them.
Because who goes off and meets nice folks voluntarily?
The ones you encounter first are the biggest aliens.
The most stupid assholes in the universe.
Even in our near area of the galaxy, the Sagittarius arm.
The very center of our galaxy is a black hole.
And also, our galaxy is about, in a few billion eons, to collide with another galaxy.
Galaxy Andromeda.
That should be interesting, but I'm glad I won't live to see it.
So, to skip ahead to the worst aliens.
They are in power right now in the US government.
Changelingies.
Which airish spirits left there.
Their own parents thought that they sired them.
Not really.
The actual bodies that belong to these politicians are off on a joyful planet.
We might even encounter them after X-Day.
And these characters will not be lost.
They are the hateful versions that they assume here.
And that we see constantly nattering at us on the news channel.
With the aid and abeyance of the pundits.
Finally, there are the Elder Gods.
Who are, as their name suggests, crotchety and in a state of perpetual irritation.
With their long, their eons long disintegration.
Arthritis and ankylosis.
Their anger is profound.
And they aren't very generous to meatbags.
Who come up and pester them with unusual requests or questions.
Great.
Short one here.
If you have sex with your sister, will it continue the mutant race?
Um...
If you have sex with your sister, will it continue the mutant race?
Well, if your family last name is Mutant, perhaps it will.
But otherwise, unless your sister springs from a long tradition of inter-family inbreeding,
the genetic chances are pretty safe that you will produce a standard human offspring.
But the problem here is the limiting of the...
The possibilities of genetic interchange.
Once you limit that, then mutations crop up with greater frequency.
Until you get the two-headed backwoodsman who you always tend to run into when you're in trouble in the woods.
And need help from somebody who can actually help you.
Here's one that came from...
It came inside this little...
Came in a shot glass.

How about that?
From Oh Betty's Red Hot Restaurant in Athens, Ohio.
Showing a naked devil girl with a flaming pitchfork.
Well, it's not often we get a question like that, ladies and gentlemen.
And three dollars.
And three dollars, which means some kind of sawed-off bardic recitation will also be in the offing.
But let's have that question and do it justice.
Oh, here's one that migrated over here.
Well, Betsy's is a hot dog restaurant.
Hot dog?
Right. And the question is...
A mighty hot dog is our lord.
It's a cool little restaurant.
Why do they call them hot dogs?
And there's a drawing of a hot dog there, too.
Why do they call them hot dogs?
What a beautiful academic rendering of a hot dog.
Even with a little stream of mustard.
Hmm, I assume that's mustard.
Well, so why do they call them hot dogs?
You know, the hot dog and the ice cream cone were invented at the same time.
At an early festival.
The Columbian Exposition of the late 1800s.
And the ice cream cone was invented right down the street from the hot dog.
But in the old days, they used to have all sorts of wonderful treats and snacks that they have no more.
In fact, they would not be allowed today by the over-eager protective government,
which doesn't like its subjects to assume too toxic subjects.
Sausages, or as it was called at carnivals and other cheap places where they were offered,
were called winnie-wurst.
The name hot dog did not arrive until the Columbian Exposition.
But if you ate these sausages...
Well, this is like the old saw about you don't want to see how the sausage is made.
The novel by Upton Sinclair, The Jungle, tells just how these early prototypical hot dogs,
were made.
And it's a disquieting read that you don't want to read before lunch.
But of course, they are also hot dogs.
They are hot because they contain chi, the energy that you need.
The same energy that's in hot soup or anything that is nutritious and hot.
Like the book of the subgenius.
Or like some subgeniuses themselves.
And the name stuck because the name is appropriate.
It's easier to say hot dog than winnie-wurst.
And it's also easy to say it as an expression of exuberance.
Hot dog!
I got away with that one.
How about that dumb song?
Hot diggity, hot doggity, boom what you do to me.
Obviously, hot dog is an ecstatic interjection.
And so, let us hope it remains.
And now one parenthetical aside.
Because of the generosity of this question.
It has long been known that...
It has been known by certain explorers into the unknown and savants.
That hot dogs vocalize when placed in a microwave oven.
Yes, when you cook certain hot dogs in the microwave.
They've actually been known to scream.
And you can put your ear near the door.
And hear this faint, desperate, and appealing sound.
Yes, these hot dogs are flesh born of flesh.
And even in their afterlife, they suffer.
Perhaps they erred or sinned in their early lives.
Perhaps the pinks, who will all fry in a few days,
are hot dogs unto the barbecue grill of the exists.
Let us hope we avoid the same immolation.
Thank you, Dr. Howell.
What are these clinking coins that I see?
This is a heavy question.
And it came with heavy metal coins.
Dollars. Dollar coins.
With Eisenhower.
Silver dollars.
With Eisenhower on them.
Well, it's coin of the realm. Spendable.
Bite one of them, Dr. Howell. Make sure.
My teeth are not in good shape, Dr. Drummond.
I'm in need of dental assistance.
Did you really think you were going to get away with it?
Do you know what I'm talking about?
I think that every year.
And you have to try to find out.
And in some ways I did.
But in the other ways I didn't.
But there's always another opportunity.
One must act whether one thinks or not that one is going to get away with it.
Without putting it in motion, then there is no chance for success.
Even the faintest chance is extinguished
if there is no attempt to try.
One must try.
One must put oneself forward, even in the face of coldness and indifference.
Because there is a goal worth reaching.
Otherwise, why do it at all?
All right, Stang. Back to work.
Question number 700.
Should artists fuck non-artists?
Should artists fuck non-artists?
Yes.
It came with a dollar.
Okay.
By all means.
Should artists fuck non-artists?
Well, sometimes this just has to happen because nobody else is available.
But let's look at this question.
It can be interpreted in two ways.
As a matter of praxis, artists shouldn't seek out non-artists to fuck.
In that sense, artists should...
Not fuck non-artists.
But in the other larger and embracing sense,
artists should because these are the partners that are presented.
So the artist, like everyone else, must take up the slack when it is offered.
I have to interject that...
Was that the one with these big coins?
Non-artists can be decent mothers.
No, that wasn't...
They can be.
They can be quite decent.
And one should not allow...
personal prejudice to interfere.
Also, artists are batshit crazy,
but sometimes that works when two of them get together.
What race of extraterrestrial are the X people?
Ah, the X people.
From Planet X.
Planet X is in our own solar system.
But in another sense,
it is not in our own solar system.
Beyond the heliopause,
where the influence of the sun's photosphere ends,
there is actually a barrier.
I bet you laughed and snickered when you saw that old movie,
This Island Earth,
where when the flying saucer takes off,
it has to go through a flame barrier
to reach the planet Metaluna.
A flame barrier. Ha ha ha.
Well, now they know there is such a barrier.
Set up by successive waves of photic energy
emitted from the hydrogen-helium fusion reactor,
which is our sun.
A book I could recommend,
which contains my own illustrations of this
and other astronomical phenomena,
is The Night Sky by Richard Grossinger
from North Atlantic Books, 2013.
I think it's 2013.
And I illustrated this.
So beyond this barrier,
there are other planets.
One of them is Biden,
named after the present Vice President
of the United States, Joe Biden.
I guess if you're in office,
you get lucky,
and you get heavenly bodies named after you.
There are asteroids named after Bob and Connie.
That's right.
Subgeniuses have bought the right to name,
I think they were asteroids.
Maybe one star and one asteroid.
Some scientists are on our side.
There are also planets you might have heard of
called Quawar.
That's one.
Another one is called Sedna.
Has anyone heard of those planets?
Yes.
So beyond that,
there is planet X,
the planet Innominate.
It is called X because it has not yet been named.
But it is said that at the moment of its discovery,
it is too late.
And like the Philistines on Samson,
they will be upon us.
Then their legions will be irresistible.
When I say us,
I'm speaking from the human race perspective,
not the subgenius perspective.
Because as Nietzsche pointed out years ago,
when you gaze into the abyss,
the abyss gazes into you.
H.P. Lovecraft thought planet X was Yuggoth,
the home of the horrible flying crab like Mego,
who fly through the solar system
tacking against the solar wind
on bat-like membranous wings.
But they are actually inhabitants of the dwarf planet Pluto
and scuttle about under its giant moon Charon
and its smaller moons,
which are barely visible even to their far-seeing eyes.
Ah, Uga!
To this five dollar bill here.
Five dollars?
All right, very good.
A simple question.
A question which is elevated and correct.
Oh, and it has art on it.
With art yet.
The question itself is art.
What is that smell?
And the word smell has two flies buzzing around it
and stink lines.
Well, I said that the questions often contain the answer.
If the word smell is surrounded by cartoon flies,
yes, drawn just the way every cartoonist draws them,
with stink lines coming up,
a kind of waft-a-rom, as we cartoonists say,
the smell is not a good one.
The smell is stercorous and bad.
It is the smell of everything foul left behind a human
or even some subgeniuses.
The smell of decay, corruption, and the tomb.
And also the smell of the disintegration of matter,
the products of an entropic universe,
resolutely bent upon grinding down everything which lives
and has vitality and some transitory beauty
into formless, unrecognizable pulp and slime.
And this is the way of the cosmos.
Only a fraction escape it.
Many are called, but few are taken.
The spawning grounds, the mackerel-crowded seas,
are enormous, but of those billions of eggs,
only a few form the subgenius who is to rule over all.
And of course, everybody thinks that's going to be him.
Like all those movies about survivors of an apocalypse,
everybody loves them because they think
they're going to be the survivors
instead of the first to fall under the scythes of,
under the scissors of, under the choppers.
Well, you get the idea.
But who gave us these coins of silvery shine?
Actually, it was Fid Chooley.
Oh, very good.
And he had that question there.
Oh, okay. All right.
This one. What pheromone,
spelling, in case the spelling is not right.
No, it's all right.
What pheromone?
The N looks like a V, but it's spelled correctly, isn't it?
What pheromone should I use for male or female yeti loving?
Signed, Fnord.
Fnord with a subgenius symbol.
And yet I can see that, plainly see that written out.
I'm not supposed to be able to see that word.
I see it all the time.
That's because it wasn't the Discordian who wrote it, Ivan.
It was a subgenius.
And it's signed only as an affectionate appellation.
Also, it is negated by the Bob symbol right next to it.
Otherwise, it would be concealed,
like some books of demonology that the demons themselves change the words in the book,
making it even harder to find out what's going on.
We prefer to be called imps, if you don't mind.
Well, I'll have to do that.
I'll tell you, there is a difference of quality between imps and demons.
Imps are mischievous, tiny spirits, like Lil Hot Stuff.
Everyone would agree.
Oh, now you're calling me short.
They're little, and they're more concerned with making you lose your temper and be irritated.
What are you talking about? What are you getting at?
Imps like it when they frustrate you and make you lose it, because that is ecstasy to them.
But demons are the full-grown beings whose ecstasy is a...
master soul in the agony of torment.
And this is ecstasy and nectar to demons.
Imps just like it when you hit your thumb with a hammer, or some comic equivalent of that.
Demons want you to burn in eternal spiritual agony, because they just love it.
But back to the question.
Let's not beat around the bush.
I mean, we can't go around Robin Hood's barn here.
We owe these people an answer, and an answer they're going to get.
So what pheromone should I use for male or female yeti lovin'?
My friend, you need to buy no medicinal preparation, no ointment, no elixir.
You yourself generate the pheromone in question.
Just don't wash too thoroughly before ecstasy, and you will indeed be radiating what will draw your yeti love mind.
And I'll be a mate to you as she lumbers out of the forest.
Not to be confused with those... bears.
No.
Okay.
This one has a dollar, and the question relates to a dollar.
A dollar, okay.
Or that dollar.
Sure, that dollar, any dollar.
Dear Dr. Howell.
Yes, I'm here.
Enjoy the dollar.
I do.
Period.
Or...
Enjoy the dollar?
Question mark.
Or...
Enjoy the dollar...
What does your intuition, the immediate style, tell you?
Well, there are three words, and it's repeated three times.
Perhaps the questioner means, dear Dr. Howell, enjoy the dollar, or enjoy the dollar, or enjoy the dollar.
You know, there are three words and three possible methods of apprehension or understanding.
Each one is valid, and each one I accept.
You can believe that, like the legendary subgenius hamburger, I enjoy the hell out of the dollar.
Even though the dollar is, of course, a symbol of an invisible, evil, supernatural force which governs all human actions and surrounds the entire globe.
Because the dollar itself, as many boars have told you over the years, is not without a certain mystic significance.
And on the back, we see the pyramid being erected toward the eye on top.
What does this mean?
Under the banner Novus Ordo Cyclorum, is that what's there?
No, it's Annuit Coeptis.
All right.
A new order of worlds, or a new order of beginnings.
That's even better, because the idea is that by masonry, if you will, building something, think of it as Minecraft,
putting blocks on top of blocks, creating, building, you are building toward something.
You are building toward the ultimate roost on whose very pinnacle the eye of God, the oculus dei, may rest.
Yes, God may not be here now, but he will be after we get finished.
That is what the almighty dollar says.
And that's why they use the dollar.
That adjective to describe it.
This is the last question.
The last question.
But it is a compound question.
There are four questions embedded here.
Someone was pretty sneaky.
How do you want me to do this?
Read it one at a time, or read them all at once and then hand it to you?
Read it, read it, read it, hand it, read it, then hand it.
All right, you asked for it.
Okay, what the fuck are we doing?
Quote, stop and shrift.
Stop and shrift.
Question one.
When will Hillary announce her candidacy?
Question two.
What is that banana looking at?
Question three.
Is the clown car not a vagina?
Question four.
Does the question involve monkey?
Most interesting, particularly this typically subgenius attempt to get something for nothing.
But we are proud of that.
We salute you.
All the extras you asked for, you shall be granted now.
After all, you paid some money to cross our threshold already.
So you are...
deserving of the answers.
All right, here they are.
Okay, what the fuck are we doing?
We are engaged in the most basic and honorable of all philosophical questioning and ratiocination.
We are wondering what the fuck we are doing.
Most people mechanically, robotically do what they are told and go about their lives trudging through the coils of the bowels of the truth.
But here we are just sitting around, goofing off, being slackful and wondering what the fuck we are doing.
Now I don't know about the second line, stop and shrift, stop and shrift.
Does it mean sift?
I could sift what I have already said.
But there are a few nuggets to be found in it since I have already brought them to the surface.
But shrift also means a succudenaeum, a substitute.
So if you are inspiring me or impelling me to stop and add a substitute, I can add a substitute.
What the fuck are we doing means how are we acting now.
You might want to get your ducks in a row because the saucers are on their way.
Question two.
When will Hillary announce her candidacy?
The answer is Hillary already announced her candidacy.
You weren't paying attention.
They went on and on about will she, won't she.
They were very coy.
Finally by the time she did, nobody seemed to care one way or the other.
But what's interesting is that Bernie Sanders gets more people at the rallies, bigger rallies and actual interest.
People are sort of exhausted by Hillary but like a Ron Paul on the left, Bernie Sanders seemed, at least when I left the world, to be gaining momentum.
Question three.
Is the clown car not a vagina?
The answer is yes.
The Republican clown car is not a vagina.
If it were, the Republicans inside would be fetuses brooding, waiting toward conception.
But they are not being created.
They are already fully created and fully formed.
In them, no further development is possible.
When they tell you what they want and what they're going to do, that's it.
That's what they are.
They are not infants ready to be developed or ready to be squirted out of a giant vagina.
No, the Republican clown car is a clown car and it's called that because like the magical car that the clowns drive in the circus, there are many of them inside.
Far more inside than you would think could ever come boiling out like an anthill that is disturbed.
Finally, the last question.
Question four.
Does the question involve monkey?
Let's pause for a moment here.
Monkey seems to be a word that just sets some people off.
And a lot of people who are offended by the idea of evolution, or at least that humans had a distant ancestor, have said, even educated people have said to me, and this is the sad state of education in this country.
If humans came from monkeys,
how come the monkey is still here over there?
Huh?
How about that?
Well, we did not come from monkeys.
We are not monkeys.
Please try to understand.
We are apes.
We're not those horrible things with tails that shit on everything and go chittering through the trees and rob and steal and will bite you to the bone if you give them a chance.
No, no, no.
We are noble apes.
Problem solvers.
And mighty men of old like King Kong.
Chest-beating warriors.
We know this.
We subgeniuses acknowledge it in our yeti ancestry.
But where did the ape come from?
Well, the ape also had an ancestor.
Everything that lives today is a version of something that lived before.
And these mutations might have thought to have come into being.
If you had a picture of something and you put the picture in a Xerox camera,
and then you took the Xerox and Xeroxed it and it and it,
eventually there would be such variation that the last one on the top of the pile would be hard to tell from the first one that you put in.
This is evolution at work.
And the ancestor of apes and humans was something like a monkey.
But it is not a monkey.
And it was not a monkey because the monkey, even at that time, was on its own evolutionary journey.
Before the beginning of our era, the Cenozoic, even in the Mesozoic,
our order, the primate order, was represented.
But they didn't look like monkeys and they didn't look like apes.
They had long noses and twinkly whiskers and they looked more like opossums or rats.
Think more about that when you're driving these innocent fellow travelers out of your living space.
So, the question might involve monkey,
but now it's involved it only to the degree that I've allowed it to do.
We can look at this impious creature which, for humorous purposes, seems to resemble us,
but we should remember that we are of the ape line, not the monkey.
And it starts in the old world, not here.
Here we have monkeys, but not apes.
Except, of course, for the human apes,
who have overrun every inch of available space.
Let's learn that from Cheetah.
Yeah, Cheetah is a sad case.
You know, Cheetah was Tarzan's pet chimp in the movies.
And Cheetah lived to a ripe old age.
He lived to be sixty years old.
But in the last years of his life,
you know, chimpanzees that are in the movies can only be used in the first year of their lives
because afterwards they become dangerous.
dangerous, and intractable.
But Cheetah made enough money in Hollywood
that he got to retire.
In the last year of his life,
some do-gooders got a hold of him,
and they made him stop drinking alcohol
and smoking cigars.
And he died of grief.
Isn't that true, Philo?
Yeah, Bridget Bardot.
Bridget Bardot and her animal do-gooders
discovered that Cheetah was having a grand old time,
and for the old gray-muzzled ape's own good,
took away his cigars and alcohol.
He was dead in a year.
Uh-huh, yeah.
And so you see what the conspiracy will do
if it gets a chance.
That's interesting, though.
Did you read about how there was some disconnect
on potentially that that was not the same Cheetah?
Oh, wow.
And that his handler...
What was the same Cheetah?
His handler had been swapping out Cheetahs
over the years to be able to maintain
that legend of Cheetah for 65 years.
Which was significantly longer than chimps normally live.
To humans, they all look alike.
And so you can't tell.
And besides...
But, you know, this was the guy's bread and butter.
What else was he going to do?
You're thinking of Tarzan movies made in the 1930s.
They themselves suffered a de-evolutionary process
and got worse and worse.
Then came Bomba the Jungle Boy and Jungle Jim,
still starring Johnny Weissmuller,
but they were really bad.
Still, they all had an ape doing cartwheels
and chittering.
And grimacing.
Named Cheetah or something.
In Jungle Moon Men, which I saw recently,
it was something else.
But you might as well ask,
who was the real Lassie or real Tin Tin Tin?
These beings are creations of popular culture.
Lassie was not even female, but a gelded male.
And Rin Tin Tin started out in the silent movie era.
However, as a parenthetical aside,
in the 1980s,
some coke-huffing TV producers
tried to bring Rin Tin Tin back.
And I wondered, how the hell could they do that?
Was he frozen in ice at Fort Ridiculous or whatever
and then thawed?
And it said in TV Guide,
Rinty's back!
Only now he's sniffing out small-time drug users
and blah, blah, blah.
He was a police dog
in this horrible incarnation
of the great Rin Tin Tin.
The actual Rin Tin Tin made a fortune in Hollywood
and lived in North Carolina.
And she isrs successful,
in deal-making,
servein a company,
and sex-flav Mesons ateki-
from all-n Belovo.
No-vo-ry?
Imitation
Transformations
One P puppet
dis Pengan-
sees R edited,
of freedom before the next onslaught
of imbecility, filth, and nonsense.
Or education, if you look at it that way.
And now it's time for the poem.
The other day I spoke one about
that misaligned and misunderstood creature,
the vulture.
Here is another pro-vulture poem.
And you know, there are more than one of these.
This one is called
Under the Vulture Tree.
And it's by the American poet David Bottoms.
We have all seen them,
circling pastures,
have looked up from the mouth of a barn,
a pine clearing,
the fences of our own backyards,
and have stood amazed
by the one slow wing beat,
the endless dihedral drift.
But I had never seen so many,
so close, hundreds,
every limb of the dead oak feathered black.
And I cut the engine,
let the river grab the john boat,
and pull it toward the tree.
The black leaves shined,
the pink fruit blossomed,
red, ugly, as a human heart.
Then, as I passed under their dream,
I saw for the first time
its soft countenance,
the raw, fleshy jowls,
wrinkled and generous,
like the faces of the very old,
who have grown to empathize with everything.
And I drifted away from them,
slow, on the pull of the river,
reluctant,
looking back at their roost,
calling them what I never called them,
what they are,
those dwarfed, transfiguring angels
who flock to the side of the poisoned fox,
the mud turtle crushed on the shoulder of the road,
who pray over the leaf graves
of the anonymous lost,
with mercy enough to consume us all
and give us wings.
Thank you.
And this concludes this iteration of the Ask Dr. Hal show.
We'll be here tomorrow for the final version of Ask Dr. Hal.
Now, don't go too far,
because the Bulldada Auctions first iteration
is about to take place as soon as we set it up.
In the meantime, let joy be unconfined.
Friends, you're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry,
Hour of Slack,
from the Church of the Subgenius.
You can write for more information,
those of you in prison,
from Subgenius.
That's Post Office Box 181417,
Cleveland Heights, Ohio,
44118.
Praise Bob!
See subgenius.com on the internet.
