I know how beat up you are, and how terrible it feels not to have any money in the dry, dumpy cars, burning oil, leaking oil, transmissions leaking.
Praise God. You'll sense the anointing flowing out of me.
Oh yes, it was ankle deep, now it's getting knee deep. Hallelujah, pretty soon we're gonna be all swimming in it.
The American people are taxed too little. Now we will never break the poverty trap.
This is the time. Abandoned those who through no fault of their own must have our help.
Talking about how that you will lay up gold as dust, and the gold of Ophir as the stones of the brook.
Yea, the Almighty will be your defense, and thou shalt have plenty of silver.
And I think we're all for that, definitely, for sure, to pay our bills.
The Silk Jeans.
Yes.
Our own sweat.
What?
How does one man assert absolute power over another?
By making him suffer.
Exactly, by making him suffer.
Does anybody here remember Ivan's name?
Remember how he said that we would finally win come next day?
I know your work. You go by the name of being alive, and you are dead.
Now listen, pal.
Dead!
They have the power to shut the skies.
They have the power to shut the skies.



Go, scum, on my way to him that is dead!


But...
When I was fair, I gotius, and I, too, felt...
Verg...

I, my love, a man inredictable!


my soft cut monte, in which Bernie is uploads.
Or my one trouper in this cage on the USA Seragames, working with İn neo Primal because he may be the only on whom strange things are hard to find.
You are to pay for what?
I don't know.

I see wild woods as the tasty jack, and a garden...

I found him in a garbage can
Boycott everything he said
The last free man will soon be dead
From people who are so messed up
They don't know what's right from wrong
The price of keeping conscience clean
Of punishment and poverty
The process is slow
And it grinds your mind to dust
As your identity is torn
Stripped of the parts that never fit
And driven crazy with loneliness
You play the games like all the rest
Until your mind is not your own
But that of a clone
In my lifetime, America set the standard for the world.
Well, that won't happen if we act now.
But I will submit legislation shortly to help bankruptcy and death.
Second, how well prepared are we to enter the 21st century?
It is a question of time.
It is now time that will not be measured by new proposals or billions in new funding.
The Congress will soon receive grit for basic research.
Competitiveness also means unfair trade practices
and weapons to fight our children.
Finally, let's stop our children and our children with our children.
Let's stop the spiritual core of our national being.
It's more than that.
More subtle than that.
Everything they describe, if we didn't pull that on them,
we'd pull that on them.
And I say pull that on them.
Now, I say to you, because I get to look in your own nervous system,
whether you consider yourself religious or not,
genetically, it is already and somewhere imprinted,
you're still dealing with that kind of aspect of being a human.
Because it's up here.
It's not in your soul.
But it's up here.
At any rate, they still describe it.
We did away with that part of me describing a real Jew or Christian or Muslim
as being a dead man.
Or conversely, a dead man is the only one who fits the requirements.
Because if you talk,
you know,
to the Pope of Christians, the Pope of Jews, or the Pope of Hindus,
and you say,
does anybody fit the requirement of a real Jew or Christian?
They would even,
of course, the big guys got the sham, the humility and go,
well, no, not even me.
But all you got to do is think, wait a minute,
who would fit the requirements?
What are the religion is?
Who would fit all these requirements right now?
A dead man.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.

Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
We're going to refine it.
If we didn't do that and I just said,
all right, consider everyone's idea of improvement,
of a better person, a real Jew, a real Christian,
a real humanitarian, a real humane homo sapien,
what would it be?
No matter what they start describing,
even if we're now freed from religious terminologies
and paradigms,
what would they start describing they can't help it they would start
describing the past always think about a second we got a second by the way you
folks are being so faithful and fulfilling the vows that you've made to
the Lord that's we're so pleased when I pray for you early in the mornings I
just sense such a joy from the Lord for how he is so delighted that you said
you had anointing out of me to work with you so that we can feel only heaven's
realities in your life you know many people are just takers in life some
people just take but I'm running down my leg the hate the hate is running down did it he did it friends all and what a little collage of messy sound we've had here what these tapes I've been going through now some of this is a barrage handed to me by the the folks who were the band at Atlanta a p-dog night and
um
um


,
and and we can plus some Lee Harvey McVeigh why look at all these little tapes we've got more more more but where where where is I where do you know my friend I seek an honest man surely there must be one
Ivan
Ivan
Ivan



in
in
what have become of you
Lisa
Thank You
I mean
aporacy
finally
your
I mean
but what's real good
you did done the same thing Bob told me
to
a
Hey
I'm
We'll be right back.
A superficial walking death
A cartoon of yourself
The process is slow
And it grinds your mind to dust
As your identity is stripped
Of the parts that never fit
So when you feel down
Just take some time to
Nave from the flowers
Mow down the trees
And scorch the forest
Climb up the world
With your sterile compound
Instead to shine
Point in my mind
Maybe further from the truth
Take me far away from here
Take me far away from here
To a place where the girls don't care
How you talk or who you are
Or if you drive a ripped up car
The process world, the process mind
Watch your TV then go blind
A superficial walking death
A cartoon of yourself
The process is slow
And it grinds your mind to dust
As your identity is stripped
Of the parts that never fit
And driven crazy with loneliness
You play the games like all the rest
Until your mind is not your own
But that of a clone
So when you feel down
Just take some time to
Nave from the flowers
Mow down the trees
And scorch the forest
Climb up the world
With your sterile compound
Instead to shine
Point in my mind
Maybe further from the truth
Take me further
From the truth
Before you're calm

And me a rgré
Atonement


But you'd be welcome
Thunder Maßnahmen


What a place this is
It was in the sad labeled


Perfect for entertainment
Can we just please seel the bum?
smke
this is a constipated society. The Church of the subgenius is an enema for that constipated society.
Raising land from the ocean, making something where there was nothing before, and then selling
it to other people, that is the epitome of slack. Well, I mean, it's good stuff. And faith in God
brings the faith of God into reality in your life. And then we have the faith to speak to mountains
and believe they'll be removed, and to call things which be not as though they were. Glory to God the
prophesy. Through lower taxes and smaller government, moral and spiritual greatness.
Government has its ways of freeing people's spirits, and isn't that what we do best?
Let's reiterate that this is a fictitious scam. Pesky little pieces of lint. Contains its own
demon, which resembles a demon.
It's a heat-resistant ugly dog on fire. If you disturb this creature as it feeds, which the
Egyptians called boiler grease. If I were you, I'd throw away your oven and eat only your leftovers
as you sleep, right down to the boiler grease.
Bring away the veil and let us stare unashamed into the face of stark reality.
The stark fist.
The best of reality comes at you, bringing you the message of J.R. Bob Dobbs. Now, most people have seen Bob, but don't know of him.
And the question foremost in their mind is, who is Bob?
Bob is the culmination of that to which man has aspired throughout his long and slackless history.
Bob is what will bring slack to planet Earth.
And to you, young man.
You too.
I've had an awful career doing stand-up tragedy. My 15 years as a traveling missionary for the Church of the Subgenius.
There's other things I probably couldn't talk about.
Either one of my most remarkable experiences in the history of the church, which is the history of the subgenius, is that I was a missionary for the Church of the Subgenius.


Or I was a missionary for the church for the rest of my life.

Yes, we had a group called the 7-Elevens in the recent bands, the Southland Corporation, a band that worships 7-Elevens and some other convenience stores.
And we had a few songs about stacks.
We had a few, a few things about Junior Food Market, Junior Food Mark, but primarily the worship of 7-Eleven.
I probably couldn't talk about my upcoming, the script I'm working on, my upcoming film, The Thing That Had a 7-Eleven for a Head.
This kind of also ties in with the 7-Eleven.




Southland Corporation, of course.
Of course, the sequel, The Thing That Had a 7-Eleven for a Head,
rises from the grave.
The Thing That Had a 7-Eleven for a Head rises from the grave.
From Mars, Part 2, Epilogue, A New Beginning for a Head.
That's probably another thing I couldn't talk about.
And then I've got another idea for a horror film
that I wouldn't want to discuss or mention.
The Thing That Had a Thing with No Face for a Left Leg.
What was your question?
While Bunny Sarita brings you a hot-buttered rum martini,
settle back and get ready for Aunt Bertha's most scintillating party yet.
With Timmy on the piano playing your...
What? Timmy doesn't know how to...
God, look at his hands!
...cocktail favorites.
Guests of the Aunt Bertha show stay at the Roach Motel.
They don't need to stay anywhere.
They stay at the Roach Motel.
They're in hell, don't you understand?
And now the bad hell music happens because he said hell on the radio.
But is there any scientific evidence for the existence of hell?
According to one researcher studying the phenomenon of the near-death encounter, or MBE,
there is indeed evidence of hell.
Here it is now.
The first film of hell ever seen.
Among his other positions, Dr. Rawlings is affiliated with the Chattanooga-based Heart Association's Advanced Life Support Program
and serves on the teaching faculty of the American Heart Association.
His music we refuse to play.
Wait.
He's a professor of internal medicine, and he is an authority on cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
This latter specialty has led Rawlings to the study of near-death encounters,
which are out-of-body experiences many heart attack victims reportedly undergo
during moments when they are near death or have actually experienced clinical death.
The study of the MBE was first popularized by Raymond Moody in his 1975 bestseller,
Life...
After Life,
which described the experience as a blissful encounter,
during which the witness leaves his body,
often travels down an intestinal tunnel to a heavenly paradise,
and there meets his deceased relatives before returning to his body.
But Rawlings does not share Moody's optimistic, rather idealized view about the afternoon.
On the basis of his own research, he believes hell literally exists.
He says it's the devil who has been causing the death of Moody,
as well as the demons capering in the flames, the coals, the giant scorpions, the orthopedic shoes that don't fit.
All real, not to hallucinations, but actually existing from the beginning of time.
His book on the subject, Beyond Death's Door, has gone into eight hard-cover prints.
It all started when a Little Rawlings patient, a 48-year-old mailman named Bert, had a heart attack
during a medical examination.
when they dropped some ice down the back of his hospital gown.
The patient was undergoing a stress test as part of a clinical ATT
when he went into bonkers or, in scientific terms, cardiac arrest.
Rawlings frantically tried to revive him.
Each time, he regained heartbeat and respiration.
The patient screamed, I am in hell!
I'm going nowhere.
And therefore, you better damn believe in some new hell.
He was terrified and pleaded to help,
but as he continued working on the patient,
Rawlings would see the look of abject terror on J.R.'s face.
Each time the doctor paused during the resuscitation,
he complained that he found himself slipping back into a hell.
This was not the full extent of the mailman's ordeal.
Ultimately, he experienced a more peaceful experience
during which he left his body,
visited every subgenius in town,
and had himself one new carol of a time.
Yes, it's J.R., and he's back in town.
Yes, the guy who buys the votes to put those presidents in power.
Here he is.
He sees the lows. He sees the heights.
With his famous leather jacket, it's J.R.
I'm related to Clinton. Everyone is.
And I think at some point I'm going to have to talk about,
reveal the truth about my affair with Bill Clinton.
You asked me about Nugent earlier before the broadcast.
Before the broadcast, we were having a little argument.
Some friends of mine back home were wondering,
who rules more, Leonard Skinner or Ted Nugent?
Well, I mean, I definitely have to say Nugent.
I mean, anybody that thinks cat scratch fever is a better record
than Double Eye of Gonzo can turn around and just get the hell out of here.
I mean, I'm into...
I like cat scratch fever.
Well, we might have to step outside after the broadcast.
Does anybody got a rope?
But I mean, I'm into some parts of cat scratch fever.
Say, songs two through five on cat scratch fever.
Double Eye of Gonzo, sides one, three, and three of the songs on four.
And you can quote me on that.
Just don't quote me on saying you can quote me on that.
And you can quote me on that.
Just don't quote me on saying not to quote me on saying you can quote me on saying not to quote me on saying you can quote me on that.
However you could quote me on that.
Just don't quote me on saying not to quote me on saying that.
saying you can quote me on that, but you could quote me on that, obviously. Basically what
I am saying is that you can quote me on the even-numbered permutations of repeating sentence
fragments of quotability, anti-quotability, but not the odd-numbered sentence fragments
of quotability, anti-quotability. But you can quote me on that. And I mean that. You
know, a lot of people in Los Angeles, they'll say, I mean that. It's just a thing people
say. They don't really mean that. But when I say I mean that, I mean that. And I mean
that. And you can quote me on that.
So you mean that?
I mean that, yeah.
Okay, some people have accused you, Mr. Jainer Hyperkleets, of, despite all your sincerity
in your cheesy little scam, some have accused you of being a lawbreaker.
How do you respond to this accusation?
No, I don't break the laws.
I make the laws.
I'm the lawmaker.
I make laws from up here, like this.
Oh, I've got a microphone cable.
I mean, I'm a lawmaker, but I still have, you know, microphone cables.
See this?
This is me.
Nixon was just playing.
See this?
This is me.
I'm the track layer, Rex.
Hi, Jainer.
You'll see him mamboing the night away at the...

The coolest night spots in the USA.
... are seen only at the finest restaurants in town.
Look at the girls upon his arm.
They went to La Mambo.
They've only got Jainer to keep them warm.
We're not going to use soap or anything.
We're not going to go on like this.
They went to El Ropa.
They went to smoke some El Dopa soap on the rope.
At the beautiful retrieval room with its shiny plasma fountain.
There they are at the Bug Girl show.
Mind is dying by Bug Girl herself.
Can life be any better than this?
And now look free to go to the next one.
I'm the one about the college decision.
And now look free to go to the next one.



Look free tickets to Burning Man.
There he goes.
Phineas Darko has descended into psychobabble.
He's taken this city by storm, and there is Mayor Willie Brown now turning over the
symbolic key to the city on the steps of the newly earthquake-retrofitted city hall, and
Jainer, waving and smiling at the crowd, turns around and drops his pants.
Now was that good enough for you, Phineas?
All right, yeah, that was I think what I've received as a Jainer riff, and now I think
we can leave that.
You see, I was talking about that.
Unfortunately, I don't have lyrics.
male man who visited a hell many times because of his doctor's clumsy
manipulation. Well, no wonder he was disgruntled. Oh yeah, he was disgruntled, alright.
Anyway, the same doctor, this Dr. Rawlings I'm talking about, he has suggested that
many people on the verge of death may have a vision of hell, but they forget
that fact because it's too shocking to recall. Interestingly enough, not everyone
experiences hell the same way. Some experiences seem muddled after the
popular Christian conception of hell. Other people appear to enter a Dantean
inferno. I've experienced hell. You know what hell is? It's a disassembly line. I was
standing near a shoreline of a great ocean of fire. I gotta take notes on this thing. It was a lake of fire and brimstone, the most
awesome sight one could ever see this side of Final Judgment.
Piles of bodies.
After the vision of the burning lake, I experienced a panoramic review of my entire life, after which a Christ-like figure approached and conversed with me.
Hey, how you doing?
Yeah, hi.
I awoke back in my bed at home with Uncle Henry and Auntie Em leaning over me.
Are you okay?
Yeah, I just had a horrible... Let me have a drink. Get away from me.
It was real. You were there.
I did you.
Did you dream that you saw scorpions?
Don't cut your nose off to spite your face. Don't you understand? Most of the money in this project is yours.
Don't remind me. You know, I'm sick of supporting you in this stupid project.
Oh, yeah, I know what you mean. Welman and Stang, secretly recorded. The only problem is you can't tell which is which, and whether it was before or after my sex change operation.
Ah, yes, dear friend. Someone's got to be there.
Yeah, I'm glad you're perhaps pissed even if you haven't gotten the she lies to the crowd.
Ferem Watson may have assumed there'd be magic in her.
But I still can't believe she'd at least know how to wrap charme up.
Maybe the осв macabre can heal the spirit of familiars
Once Vengeance check me, and I will live with you for a quarter of two months, and hopefully the burnt behind me,

See strength, but if your hit or loss dies...
And I ever said she's rich they curse and torment me away
Have a 만 Sunday day whenapps will rise andken with Giants.
in Atlanta and some of my collection. I've just been kind of throwing it all together. We heard music by Steve Slack. We heard Dr. Dinosaur on the air. And I've got some home recordings, you might say, of the spectacular Atlanta Devival.
As it turns out, out of all the tapes that were recorded, the only fragments that really sound clear enough to use on the radio were things that were recorded on my little $30 handheld deck.
I was carrying it around, making just a private tape for a friend. You know, here we are backstage. Oh, here, listen to Dr. Legume for a minute. Oh, here, listen to Susie for a minute.
And that turned out to be the only record.
And that turned out to be the only recordings that we have in which the microphone was actually pointing at the thing that was making the noise.
It was just a bad, bad luck. It happens very frequently that there will be a lot of machines turning and spinning, and yet, when it all comes down to it, all the best recordings were taken away.
Just taken to the vortex. Took them. Just took them away. The demons.
So Catfish, comes and takes the line recordings and makes the bar employees forget to flip the tape.
The bottom line is if you don't want something done, you're going to have to do it yourself.
And that's why Susie the Fluzie sisters handles the castration ceremony there.
A couple weeks later, something completely coverage of it.
There's a castration about to happen.
We are down here in these تع geral aqui o profundidade.




We're about to witness a live castration.
Reverend Rockingham has this shiny knife.
Very nice.
A lovely knife sitting on a leopard skin pillow.
Susie has got the guitar player ready to expose himself.
This is really disgusting.
This is a big improvement over those other saucer cults.
Because unlike those other saucer cults,
Bob won't make you do something stupid like this.
Susie uncellently saws away at the testicles of the poor individual guitar player.
All video cameras, zoom in.
Stang vainly begs for video footage.
We haven't actually got any.
But it was, friends, it was a mighty looking member.
It was a mighty sacksack.
That she took that blade to Susie.
The beautiful harlot of the Church of the Sun.
Listen to her song.
This guy was quite a manly fellow.
See, he just smoked a cigarette because, you know...
Bob's not going to make you do some damn fool thing like that.
And don't feel sorry for Brother Bill because Bob does provide for his flock.
Bill will have a complete set of brand new testicles by the time the show's over.
And if you don't believe me,
check for your show.
You're going to have to do it yourself.
While he unmails himself from the public, come on, right now.
He's coming at us, though.
Come on, come on.
Jesus Christ!
Oh, Jesus just stepped up on stage.
Jesus is speaking at the subgenius show.
I can't believe it.
Thank you.
Ah, ah, feels good.
Mmm, Atlanta at last.
I am the Lord Jesus Christ, Son of God.
Thank you.
I'm back.
Nice restaurant, kid buddy.
Thank you. Thank you very much.
Well, I am now the business manager of the church of the subgenius.
Um, I'm not going to talk a lot about myself tonight
because there's a man who's more important to me
that I'd like to talk about.
And that's J.R. Bob Doggs.
Yeah!
Now, what I'm doing tonight is, um...
Well, hey, Bob.
You've never had to say this, y'all.
This is Subgenius 101.
Yeah.

Well, we, as I say, only recorded bits and pieces of this thing.
We'll run down and see what else there is, uh,
what else we can overhear backstage
among the strange, creepy subgeniuses.
That's superb, all my hate.
I'm, I'm wiping the hate off my inseam now.
Oh, the hate is running down my leg.
Oh, the hate. Oh.
Oh, man.
Suzy has just wandered in in her full bustier completely wrapped in police...
Police barrier tape.
Suzy is wearing police barricade tape.
.
.



.

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Abandon hope all ye who enter her.
Doctor Leguim's getting all dressed up in a nice suit.
Uh-oh, I'm worried now.
Anybody have the pudding?
Quick, pudding! Quick, pudding!
Pudding.
Whoa, whoa, ah, yes, we're back, dear friends.
You can tell.
The most feared, so to speak, says Mom.
Mom, Dr. Katahdin Leguim.
Give it up for him.
No, no!
Oh, yeah, we're here tonight to save the unsaved.
Do we have any unsaved in the audience tonight?
Do we have any born-agains in the audience tonight?
I don't see any hands raising up.
Come on, do we have...
Oh, you bunch of chicken shatters, I know you're out there.
Oh, yeah.
You know, any other time you'd be saying,
well, I don't have to worry about nothing because if I get in any trouble,
Jesus will come and save me.
But you won't raise your hand to put that to the test, will you?
Oh, yeah, brothers and sisters.
Well, I'm here tonight to tell you Jesus is not going to save you.
Oh, yeah.
Jesus doesn't want nothing to do with all you who are unsaved.
He doesn't want anything to do with the subgeniuses either,
even though he was up here talking to you earlier.
Oh, yeah.
Friends, and that's where the...
Somebody came up and started talking to me.
I'm standing there with my arm up in the air pointing at the...
holding a tape deck pointing at the PA and...
They always want something.
Let's see what we can scrape off of the video...
the otherwise useless videotaped soundtrack.
Hmm.
Oh, man, it is so depressing.
On my recording, all you can hear is this Bobby jabbering at me.
Instead of listening to... I mean, Dr. Legume is up there delivering this great rant.
And instead, this guy has to pick this moment to come over and kiss my butt.
Oh, man.
The prognosis is not good.
Oh, man. I'm sorry, folks.
Here's what Dr. Legume sounds like on the other best recording.
Oh, yeah. Well, I'm supposed to say one thing, man.
After some of your actions, I'd like to know how they bought the 1998.
That's still a year away. I've got time.
Well, time is a funny thing. It has the tendency to creep away from you.
Yeah, time has a way of raping you like a horned cellmate.
Oh, don't trust anybody under 30, friends.
Well, let's go back.
Let's go back to my handheld deck and see if there's anything we can peel off of this thing.
Oh, okay. Yeah.
The Bobby finally quit jabbering at me when Dr. Legume knocked over the pulpit
and pulled out this great big clock and started smashing it with a hammer.
This got the kid's attention.
This guy finally quit kissing my butt at this point.
Time controlled this, friends.
Yeah, we got away again.
We don't have to get up in the morning and go to work now.
After all, what's going to wake us up?
Yeah, but you can smash clocks.
You can kill time. Time will fly unless you kill it.
But some of you don't want to kill time.
Some of you are slaves to time.
Some of you are shackled at the risk.
To time.
Oh, yeah.
And you don't want to kill time.
But the time is coming.
The time is coming when the world is going to be like a clock.
It's going to be ticking down.
It's going to be turning.
It's going to be working its way down to zero.
And this world is going to be like a clock.
And then it's going to be like a clock.
It doesn't make sense.
You don't want to be a clock.
You know what I do?
You're going to be a prisoner.
Don't drop the clock.


Don't drop the soap.
Oh, yeah.
Because there's going to be somebody waiting right behind you when you do drop the soap.
When you're in the showers on prison earth, don't drop the soap.
That's right.
Your membership in the church is a subgenius.
It's like a big old dab of Vaseline.
And then the bobbies attack again and it goes like that.
Yeah, we got a hole in our head.
You know what goes up, the wall is over the top.
It's $50.
It's $100.

I did pop to go to the habit.
I didn't even naturally think I was going to get burned.
ITY Wow there.
While I was the doctor, what were the other omega that you were supposed to do?
keep falling out the back.
Okay, well, so much for...
That's all there is
from Dr. Leguim.
It's what I get
for
not bringing my own
equipment. Anyway,
there seems to be a little bit
of Sister Susie the Floozy, the
most difficult person to record. You really
have to walk right up in there
with the... You have to get
close to Sister Susie
the Floozy and her red,
red, red hair and her
soft, soft,
smooth, bounteous
white buzzer.
It's the only way to get a good
recording.
And you know which side of it you're on.
You're on the same side as all, baby.
Drop!
Three, four, five, drop!
Oh, they give you nothing
real, nothing solid,
nothing of substance, nothing you can
latch onto and give it a
good lap, I think.
Yeah.
Get off to the floor with your own slack.
Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow.
Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow.
They don't let you have a good
time. They give us a hard
time for launching fake heads.
Oh, you know what? About when we're gonna be
launching the real ones.
We're gonna be singing a different tune then.
Oh, but
yes.
Seekers, how it would be if
X-Day never
came.
What would our future
be then? How could you
face living in a world without irony?
A world without slack?
A world without fault?
Marching that endless lockstep with
a zombie Christian legion?
Oh.
Are you yeti enough to exist
like that?
I don't think so.
So are you
ready to die gasping
on cat box earth?
I'm ready.
Oh, yeah? Or would you rather suck in that sweet
crappy aerophone?
I wanna die.
Oh, because we're living at
right angles to the human swarm,
seekers. And for the last aching
year of existence, it's like we're
standing on the corner of walk and
don't walk. And we're naively
standing there waiting for that little
sign to change like it's actually
connected to something. But
Seekers is not a point of walk or don't walk.
It's time to run!
We're hurtling headlong into
the final Ragnarok.
400 and how many days left?
28.
428 days.
Oh,
God.
I'm getting excited
just thinking about it.
Oh, yes.
So it's time to start living
this subgenius life like it really means
something. Because
let's party like it's
1998, bucko. There
ain't no snooze alarm on the end
times and they're coming up. We're not
gonna be able to just roll
over and snooze away.
Because I think
about everything that's happened in the world.
Since I joined the church some 16
years ago.
I mean, a whole lot of big,
ugly, deadly, rancid
things have happened in this world
since 1981.
But do you know that all of it
ramped up together
and a big stick
of fog
can be the demonic
slag and alio that is promised to us
in the pre-church.
With a little
soap in my hole.
And with a little hope in my soul.
I'm going to pull
myself up on my own
grass traps and we
fully into Bob's Twilight
Zone. Because
like Mama said,
life
is like a box of condoms.
It doesn't matter whether you wind up
with one of them French ticklers
or one of them
ripped numbers.
The end
results is safe.
You still wind up getting
but she says Bob
and Connie will
Bob you good.
I'm not going to
give you what your spirit is
crying out for.
Yes!
But it's at a price.
Like all good things.
But hey,
how can you measure
the street value of slag?
Well, on the newsreport,
I'm sure it would be jacked up
to insane astronomical heights,
but the actual price is a mere $30.
Oh, and for $30,
you get a complete
cerebro-skeletal reaming
from the ground up.
You go out and price that.
You look through the yellow pages
and you're not going to find it anywhere
at any price.
But we've got it, baby.
We got it bad.
Oh, so now,
the church dickens
are passing out among you,
carrying Xerox pages
from the new unreformed,
unrepentant church of the subgenius
hymnal and take-out prayers
within you.
But please, please, don't slash your throats
with the razor-sharp paper edges
we've added you, at least
not yet.
And I'm doing this,
because in this church,
you're paid a free association.
But we haven't really been acting much
like a real church.
The idea of a real church is
fellowship,
friendship,
sex and drinks,
and a good sing-along.
Oh, so we're already halfway
to being a good church
by accepting the doctrines of our faith
without question or logic.
And attacking anyone
who sees things differently.
But I'm getting pretty tired of you
seekers sitting out there
in your own pew.
So yes, we're all going to sing along
if the tape machine is working.
Because I'd like some spiritual interaction
with you seekers.
There's a lovely song.
Hymn 999 by G. Don Truby
is interpreted through the brain filter
of Pastor Craig.
So sing along, seekers.
Now everybody, I want you to sing along here.
This is so lovely.
There's nothing to fear
if you just send us a dollar.
No, no, actually, I'm not going to.
We won't.
I think Friday Jones and I are singing this.
Do the sonnetto, vave.
The hurricane's eye.
There's a pipe in the sky.
There's a pipe in the sky.
Oh, the pipe in the sky.
And then I will follow it anywhere.
Oh, anywhere.
Anywhere, yes, indeed.
The floor of the ocean.
Oh, to the mountains.
And the mountains so high.
Oh, the mountains.
So high.
I'm not telling you to go out and kill Christians.
I would never tell you to go out and kill your enemies.
But if God were here, rest assured, he would.
You know, New Agers have been going on and on for years
and years about how a crystal can be used
to bring about world peace.
I say, why visualize world peace when it's 1,000 times more
satisfying to visualize a stark, righteous vengeance?
Now, for the, and I happen to have a hate crystal here.
Now, in order to.
Um.
Properly channel the energy of a hate crystal,
a hate crystal must be held in the left hand.
The eyes must be closed.
The disciple face is east.
While watching the breathing, the right hand on the heart.
The meditation lasts 30 seconds.
The crystal is then hurled full force into the victim's head.
But it was enough to tear away just a huge chunk,
the entire crystal.
The entire front of the federal building.
As they started the rescue efforts,
they were about 30 minutes into the rescue efforts,
30 to 45 minutes in.
That was when they were alerted to the presence
of the other two devices.
And that put the brakes on the rescue and evacuation efforts.
We're getting word of another bomb threat now, Devin,
to talk about the two after the initial blast.
Our crews are being moved back in downtown Oklahoma City.
And we'll reiterate again what these later devices
are doing to the rescue efforts.
Time is so valuable right now as they try to get to these people
who perhaps somehow are still hanging on to life inside that building.
And each delay, every time the firefighters and the rescuers
are called back and brought back down off of their ladders
and scaffoldings just could be exacting a terrible, terrible toll
on the people who are already inside.
Yes, it is.
And we talked earlier about the two undetonated bombs
that were found that were bigger than the device that exploded.
And of this other one that they're looking at now,
it turns out to be something.
It appears that it was meant for this building to come down,
to be leveled because of the amount of power
that could have gone off.
Only one explosion that was obviously tragic enough,
but there were more bombs set to go off,
according to ATF officials.
I touched the crystal to my heart.
I touched the crystal to my heart.
I touched the...
Are we getting my best side on this?
Yeah. Yeah, beautiful. Yeah.
Okay, the lighting, okay, face that camera.
Yeah, we can edit this part out later.
Yeah, drop in some New Age music, something like that.
Yeah, I think...
I think that'd be...
Solid. I think it'll look beautiful.
I touched the crystal to my heart.
I touched the crystal to my heart.
And it's a beautiful journey into massaging your universality
in which we...
You'll get this back when you have woken up, my friend.
I'm sorry. I just...
I'm just trying to massage my inner dolphin nature.
Well, you're gonna massage your dolphin in somewhere else.
I've been worshipped and fed and treated like a high priest
for telling people things they want to hear.
Good medicine men are born, not made.
Come and see me sometime, my boy.
Even you'll take off your hat when you see how respected I am.
Yeah.
How bad is Bob ripping a dog?
Bob could be ripping...
The question was how bad.
How bad is Bob ripping us off?
I'll tell you what, friends.
If Bob was really ripping you off,
do you think we'd be able to make the offer of eternal salvation
or triple your money back?
Sure.
Granted, we'll be the first to admit and warn you
that Bob Dogz could be ripping you off majorly.
It could be that our invisible monster is just as much a bunch of bull
as all the other religions.
But, hey, you know, one of those religions has got to be right.
Why not this one?
And, uh...
Kill me.
You know, and like I say, yeah, sure Bob's ripping you off,
but you're being ripped off every day.
You might as well learn to enjoy it.
We're just trying to teach you to accept these things with an unblinkered vision.
Sure, it's depressing as hell to actually read the newspaper
or watch the news and truly understand
the incredible living horror that you are witnessing.
But that's right.
There's only...
If you could get real depressed about the situation of the world today,
and how much good is that going to do you, friends?
The point of life is slack,
and you are not going to be able to share slack
or be a quote, good person,
if you don't have slack yourself.
You can pretend to be.
You can act like Mother Teresa and go,
I'm only doing it for the others.
But, I mean, let's be honest,
you know, yes, it would be great if everyone was equally rich without working.
But that will only happen if J.R. Bob Dobs becomes
world overlord and a dictator crushing you all under his shack book.
And I know you'd love it.
But the steady escalation of the amount of explosives on the street
and the invention of a bright yellow truck which disappeared without a trace
doesn't solve the problems the ATF officials
and the obliging media representatives are dealing with.
Such a car or truck bomb simply couldn't have taken out
those support columns of the federal building.
Doctor, we are just shocked at this,
what happened here in the heartland of America.
Should we be shocked?
Is it true that you go hunting with Mr. Nugent
up on Drummond Island in Lake Huron?
Yeah, Nugent, Nugent's a trip.
Nugent gets down. Nugent...
Care to tell us some deer hunting stories with Uncle Ted?
I remember one time I was riding with Nugent.
We were going down past the 405.
We were on the 405-63-70219 freeway.
And we were going about 85 miles an hour.
And this pig pulls up right next to us.
And Nugent just reaches down on the floorboard.
He just holds up a brick.
He didn't say nothing. He didn't do nothing.
Just held up a brick.
That pig did not do nothing.
He did not do...
I love that story.
He did not do anything.
He didn't do nothing, did he?
I don't know if I ever told you about my vision of heaven.
This is one that I probably share with a lot of people in Arkansas.
Okay, you're in a Trans Am,
or let's say a Z car,
model after 1987,
say, oh, say, 93.
Okay, you're driving towards a concert.
Okay, you've got Nugent right there on the road.
You've got ZZ Top right there on the center stage
playing mostly from Cat Scratch Fever,
some stuff from Double Live Gonzo,
some stuff from the first album, Ted Nugent.
You've got ZZ Top over here on the right stage.
You've got Foghat playing mostly from Fool from the City
over here on the left stage.
You're going 90 miles an hour,
but you don't ever get any closer to the concert.
You remain at optimum distance at all time.
And you've got Cheryl Teague and Kathy Ireland on the floorboard.
We won't go into that on TV.
Can't do that.
Any time you run out of weed,
a pig pulls up, twists off a hooter,
just throws it in your car window.
That's my concept of heaven, a Ted Nugent concert.
What would be your concept of purgatory?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Jane or don't know, man.
Jane or don't know.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
You have been listening to the subgenius radio ministry Hour of Slack
on which we play bits and pieces of tape from a million different places,
most of them some way related to our humble little religion,
the religion based around the teachings of Bob Dobbs.
And you can get free information about that religion from Bob at,
got that pencil ready?
I'm about to give the P.O. Box number and this is it.
Write to Bob at Post Office Box 140306,
Dallas, Texas 75214.
That's Bob at P.O. Box 140306,
Dallas, Texas 75214.
We'll draw those dollars out of you dear friends.
And now to our confessions.
I have to admit something very horrible to everyone here.
Yesterday we robbed a grave.
.
.
Jesus, Susie the floozy and myself robbed the grave of John Benet Ramsey.
.
I'm not proud.
I'm actually not proud.
Many of you may not have known this,
but that little girl who was murdered a few months ago,
according to National Enquirer,
probably by her dad, this ex-pervert, and so on,
the beautiful little, little, uh, peep, uh, beauty,
woman, six-year-old girl that was murdered.
She is buried here in Atlanta in an unmarked grave.
Susie figured all this out.
She saw it on television and was able to work out where it was.
Took us to the grave yesterday.
And sure enough, John Benet's older sister has a marker there.
It's definitely the grave.
It is in Atlanta.
It's the little murdered child.
And surrounding the unmarked area where the darling little creature is buried and rocking,
it's got a bunch of, uh, toys.
You know, people brought flowers and little toy unicorns and little toy lions and stuff.
And letters, friends.
Letters written to the murdered child which we stole off that grave.
.
Sick, friends.
I know that.
.
.

Well, shucks.
That's funny.
I, it looks like I knocked my tape deck off of the pulpit.
And my reading of those letters from John Benet have been replaced by this weird background music.
Isn't it bad?
That's, that's, uh, this was supposed to be, what?
What in the world tape was this being recorded on?
Well, what a series of surprises we've received. My confessions, I guess, are lost also to the
expert recording skills of Niiiigi, the evil one who does indeed follow us around and tries to get
the funny stuff. That's it, man. It's a dead tape. Well, let's see what else there might be.
Well, I'm fast forwarding down through this stuff trying to find... The band was good. Trying to find...
I can't find the letters that we stole from the grave of JonBenet either. This seems to be... I
should never ever ever believe anybody when they tell me that they're recording this stuff.
This is what Dr. Dinosaur's songs sound like.
Well, it just doesn't seem like an hour of actual slack, does it?
I'm gonna sap... I know what I'll do. I'll sap all the slack out of you listeners. That's what I'll do.
I probably already have and didn't even know it. Yeah, yeah. Then I'll sell it to the feds and they
can trade it to the the greys, the grey aliens. They can sell it to the feds and they can trade it to the

greys. That's why they blew up that building was just to get... They had to pay off the greys with
253 souls. That was all... They threw a few extras too, huh? Yeah, it looks like I was recording my
rant over the top of a country western music radio tape that my daughter... I must have stolen from my
daughter. I knocked my deck off when I went to reach for the JonBenet corpse letters. The tape
deck got knocked off the pulpit and that was the end of it. But I did... I for... I think I did a


flip the tape over and record later on in the evening.
We have a lot of new people here, right?
But is it any weirder than a bunch of Catholics in Naples
who once a year get together to see if the blood of St. Januarius
will liquefy, fearing that if it doesn't, the world will end?
Is it any weirder than crying statues and bleeding black velvet paintings?
I don't think so.
Oh, yeah.
But these are just lies and conspiracy figures,
lies about their invisible god monster.
Oh, yes.
They lie to you about everything.
They don't want to tell you that everyone in England are all robots
or that the moon's only the size of a grapefruit and it's only three miles away.
They don't want you to know these things.
Oh, yeah.
No, these are all just lies to them.
And we have our own lies.
But the difference between our lies and their lies
is that our lies are all true.
And our lies have bigger...
Dear John Bonnet,
you are loved more now than you have ever been.
The ones that say they love you the most is the one that hurts you.
They will be judged by a new set of judges soon,
signed God.
Dear John Bonnet,
you're a beautiful young lady who is treated very wrong
by two people who say they loved you.
You were in pain and knew what was happening.
If only everyone else could see,
you would still be here with us.
The ones who love you the most are the ones who made you life hell
and end in such tragedy and pain.
God will get mom and dad.
We love you and we miss you,
but you're free at last and in a better place.
We hated to see you go,
but Jesus has his arms around you and no one can hurt you anymore.
Here is a beautiful horse, a unicorn,
and he sets an example of how free you are.
My three children really love you and they talk about you all the time.
So they want you to have their unicorn so you can be free.
We love you.
You sweetheart.
We left a letter there.
We didn't just take.
We left a letter there saying the same thing basically.
Signed Jesus, Susie the floozy and Reverend Stan.
And you know, we meant it too.
God will get mom and dad, John Bonnet.
You know, one of these days,
somebody's going to come up to me and say,
you know, you're going to put a curse on us.
Probably the dead child.
And the only way to remove the curse will be to burn the note stolen from the grave
of a child murdered by her parents.
So we'll be ready friends.
If you must cook at home,
you could be unleashing the very beast mentioned in the book of oil or grease.
Take a look at the last time.
Jack.
Wait.
No.
For a day.
Then I had.
.
