Welcome to Difficult Listening Hour.
SHOW ME, TELL ME, TELL ME!
And now, the subgenius.
Yes!
Our...
Our...

Oh, God!
And it's so repulsive if...
Atomic batteries to power.
Reminds us of me.
You're ready to move up.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Tonight's show would be Hour of Slack number 987.
But we're so far behind,
and Sid have been doing so many live devivals and things
that putting all that together,
is going to have to be put off.
And so, to now,
to now, we're running Hour of Slack number 360.
The Pobucker special show from around,
somewhere in 1991, I guess.
Featuring the incredible prank call tapes
of Arnie and Barney to the late Benny.
Thank you.
Thank you.
in this country
harping on the wars they fight
laughing about the way things ought to be
I don't mind them switching sides
and standing up for things they believe in
but I don't mind them doing the wrong thing
When they're running down, I touch the man.
They're walking on the fattened side of me.
Hello, I'm Otis.
Hey.
What? I told you to quit bothering me.
Well, I want to ask you something.
What?
What's that big old green truck doing out there in front of the showroom?
Well, right, that ain't none of your business either, is it?
You don't supposed to be parking on the street like that.
That ain't none of your business.
Don't worry about it.
Goddamn it.
Hello, I'm Otis.
Yeah, I'm going to tell the police to have a move that old truck.
You tell them, and please do, will you?
Please, Otis.
How about Otis?
Would you come see my new house this week, either?
Ain't you got nothing else to do?
Would you come see my new house this week, either?
Where's your new house at?
You lied to me the other day, too, about something.
What?
You said you had tomatoes out at your garden.
You ain't done it.
I have.
What'd you lie to me for?
This fruit stand's mine. It was my garden.
Huh?
This fruit stand's my garden.
Well, you got one on me there.
Yeah, goodbye.
Now, what motive?
I asked you not to bother me.
I won't ask you something.
That's what you say every time you call.
You said yesterday.
No, it ain't none of your business.
It was.
Barney want me to keep an eye out for it.
What?
Now, what motive?
Barney want me to look out.
Quit bothering me.
Listen, why don't you quit bothering me?
What are you going to eat today?
None of your business.
I saw you the other day out there across the hospital,
got the little cafe.
Yeah, well, why don't you let me know who you are and so forth?
You eat out there a lot.
None of your business.
Well, I saw you eating out there today.
Yeah.
I'll just get the little cafe.
Listen, listen.
Now, why in the hell can't you leave me alone?
They got pretty good food in there.
I don't know.
Why don't you go try it?
Well, I've eaten in there a time or two, but it's been a long time ago.
Well, listen, quit bothering me, will you?
Barney.
I don't want to hear from you.
I mean, I don't give a damn about you.
I want to tell you something.
What?
I saw you out there one time in Stoneport.
I hope I can see you.
You shouldn't have been drinking a beer out there today.
I hope I can see you.
You're not supposed to drink beer.
I drink beer when I get ready or anything else.
You don't want to drink beer.
I do whatever I damn please.
It's nobody's business but mine.
Boss.
Damn, the boss and you too.
Well, I wouldn't want to see you get fired, bitch.
I haven't been fired.
Barney told me.
It ain't none of your business if I do.
I work without pleas.
I don't have to work all the time.
Well, you drink beer.
You drink beer every day and night.
No, hell no.
You don't need to be drinking beer at night or anything.
You're kidding me.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Oh, I love to hear that recording of poor old Benny getting harassed by Arnie.
And we'll be hearing other excerpts from that famous tape.
Because, you know, I don't want to hear that.

But tonight we're going to, on the hour of slack on this religious broadcast, we'll
be listening to some of the subgenius preaching from the Subgenius World Convention in Chicago
about three weeks ago.
But also tonight I thought we would indulge in a short study in po-buckers through song
and prank call.
The word po-bucker may need some explanation.
To some of you people new to our religion, po-bucker generally means a person with very
low values, usually an ignorant type of person.
The common image is of a person in a pickup truck or a person, the kind of person with
a pickup truck up on blocks in their front yard for five years.
I mean, it doesn't always mean poor.
Poor, but just means trash.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not saying anybody with a pickup truck.
You see, there's a lot of subgeniuses with pickup trucks.
There are many rich po-buckers for that matter.
A lot of subgeniuses are part po-bucker.
I probably wouldn't talk the way I do if I wasn't that way somewhat myself, dear friends.
The term, actually, many people figured what it meant.
Oh, that means a subgenius who's poor in bucks.
It's not.
It's a term that's a corruption of an African language word, booker or bookra, which meant
boogeyman or demon.
And the African slaves brought to America, some of them called white people bookers or
buckra.
And white trash, therefore, were called poor buckra or po-buckers, which is how my people,
my dad's family, used to pronounce it.
And these famous telephone experiments would have to be a big part of any study of the
rich texture of po-bucker life.
The tapes of Arnie, his many calls to Benny, Benny Garrick, at Al White Motors.
Now, and Al White Motors is in Tallahoma, Tennessee.
I believe, near Nashville.
Benny was harassed by these calls for like three years.
And he recently died.
In fact, Benny died just in July.
We have a copy of his obituary from the newspaper.
Now, why would we know so much about the people on this prank call tape?
Well, we were that curious.
And one who was even...
Even more curious was your fellow subgenius minister and scientist, Reverend Lou Minotti,
who recently moved to Nashville and discovered a lot about these prank calls.
For one thing, Arnie worked in the same building as Al White Motors...
In the Al White Motors building.
He worked in the parts room.
And Benny worked in the showroom.
When Arnie was making these calls to Benny,
he could see Benny.
And Benny knew the person who was playing Arnie.
Arnie was one of several aliases.
Another one was Ross Joe.
And the...
It's just...
Well, I think we should get back into these tapes.
And I'll tell you a little bit more that's even more frightening
about the incredible Arnie and Barney and Benny tapes
after this message.
Friends between us is not very far.
Oh, Lord!
I'm giving my love to you
Cause I only want to see you smile
You've got nothing to lose
But a failure to choose
And you're turning into somebody new
We won't
Oh, no!
Give a dog a bone!
Dog, come flanking through the door
Get one of the girls who's real
I'll let you go
I'll make a bow and bow
Due to today's modern recording techniques,
you may play these hits with true stereo reproduction.
Say hallelujah!
Seen it all on TV
Lee Harvey got gunned down
Murdered by the police





By Jack Ruby
The biggest sleaze in town
He stuck that gun into his ribs
And said, here's looking at you, kid
Ruby killed Lee Harvey
TV proved he did
And Lee Harvey was a friend of mine
A very good friend
Leave me alone.
Hey.
Stop.
I still will.
But I've introduce my boys

My averting
Tell me down is there
What he knows
The guy he knows
A bad guy
A bull
A apostate
A policePHB
A moron
ры
and went up on my house rent, and I'm gonna have to move out.
Well, good.
I've been wondering.
Move out in the damn world.
I wondered if you could find me a place up there close to the fourth place I can rent.
Get out of the state.
See you, V.
Goodbye.
Vinnie.
How are you, mother?
Vinnie.
Why don't you leave me alone? I'm busy.
Barnett said you used to have some rental.
Leave me alone. I'm busy. Bye.
Bye.
Shoot up, kill them, bang, stab them, crush, slice, kill, eat, and boil in oil with catapults, throwing rocks and grenades.
I say that I want to see knife cutting, slicing and chopping and cutting, blowing up.
Well, yeah.
You can kind of see it, man.
We're gonna solve all these problems.
I say give our clubs and give our guns and give our knives and grenades and bazookas.
And tank and aircraft instructions.
I say there's free instructions for everybody on karate, sabotage, anarchism, everything there could be.
I say there's free lessons from the time of you two on how to do everything there is potentially to kill another person.
There's no hope for humanity anyway.
I'm just gonna watch the world end.
I'm gonna make a million dollars.
Praise God!
I'm gonna help!
I'm gonna help me!
Now, what, Moses?
Listen, buzzard, why don't you talk to me a minute?
Why don't you go to hell?
What's my brother been telling me? Is it true?
Well, listen, I don't even believe you got a brother.
Well, he said he used to be lovers over here.
Go ahead. Go to hell.
Hello?
Baby, what you talking about, man?
This is Paul Ford.
What?
Why don't you park up next to the building for a minute?
Why don't you tell me you're on business?
Hey, Benny.
Yeah?
Benny, I'm on the phone, too. I'm Arnie.
Well, I'm on it, too.
I'm Arnie, Benny.
Yeah.
We're all together.
Good.
We're all together tonight, Benny.
I can't.
Why?
Because I said I can't.
We'll have a good time.
Mm-hmm.
I'll do the cooking, Benny.
Yeah, you'll do what?
I'll do the cooking.
I'm down for all of you up there.
Oh, Benny, you'd like it if you ever got it.
You'll do it.
Yeah.
You'll do it, Benny.
Yeah.
I wish you would do something for me.
What's that?
I wish you wouldn't worry my brother about his boy got killed over in Vietnam.
Well, I can't hear it, Benny.
But he told me you aggravated him.
I wish you'd quit worrying me.
We ain't trying to worry you.
Yes, you are, too.
We won't be your friends.
Well, come on up down and meet me and let me see if I can be a friend to you.
Well, I don't care to meet you, but Barney says he don't want nothing to do with you.
Well, I don't care.
I don't want nothing to do with him, then.
Benny, you hit me in the head.
Get back to where you feel about it.
You hit me in the head, Benny.
Well, you asked for it, didn't you?
No, Benny, I was riding on my own business.
You told me you asked for it.
You was after my woman.
Oh, boy.
Yeah, you was.
I know that's a lie.
But, Benny, it still hurts.
Well, I can't help it.
Benny was bad after women back in them days.
I know it.
Back during Count Forrest's day.
Now, who are you?
Benny, you was like a little old rooster.
I asked you, who are you?
I'm Arnie.
I'm Barney.
Yeah?
I'm Arnie, and he's Barney.
Well, both of you.
And you're Benny.
Now, you're Benny.
Now, isn't that funny?
Yeah.
Isn't that funny?
Yeah.
I'm glad you get a kick out of that.
Would you go to hell?
Oh, dear friends.
Just an amazing, unusually long segment there.
Although, after three years of calls like that,
Benny got to where he would get into long, sad discussions with Arnie.
Arnie started claiming to be Benny's son.
The bold surrealist, dear friends, Arnie Swenson.
Praise Arnie Swenson.
Now, what makes the whole thing even more surreal is that everyone at Al White Motors
knew who was pestering Benny.
Everyone in town knew.
The DA knew.
The sheriff knew.
Everybody but Benny knew.
And people.
People all over town served as Arnie's eyes.
They could follow.
They could.
Arnie could follow Benny around and know what he'd been doing at odd times of his life.
And just as Lois Lane never caught on about Clark Kent,
somehow Benny never made the connection.
Arnie did some spectacular things that aren't on tape.
At one point, he bought a broadcast microphone and set Benny's radio,
before he came into work,
to the frequency that that little mic would broadcast on.
So when Benny sat down with his cup of coffee and his cigarette to start the day,
he turned on the radio and there was Arnie going,
Benny!
Benny, how come you parked your green truck over there by the fire hydrant?
And Benny, Arnie could, as I said, could see Benny when this was going on.
And Benny, when he did that, just reached over and turned it off.
That was all.
He didn't express any surprise that Arnie had even invaded the area,
because at that point, friends,
let's see, there was this network of spies, you see,
who, for instance, Arnie would keep tabs on Benny's movement, it says here,
and would call him at the barber shop and the liquor store, among other places.
Imagine, it would be as if, well, as Lou explained to me,
this is sort of like a crazed Andy of Mayberry scene,
it's like, what if Andy was secretly tormenting Barney Fife?
And everyone in town knew about it.
Floyd knew about it, Goober knew, everybody knew,
and everyone except Barney.
It was like everyone had an evil side.
Anyway, I got a letter from Lou,
who has some newly revealed background data pertinent to the Al White Motors saga,
and I know that many of my listeners wish they had this tape,
but a lot of my listeners do have it.
It was a pledge giveaway,
and it was a pledge giveaway,



and I know that we sent out dozens of them.
As Lou says here,
I have spoken to the individual at the firm
who engaged in the protracted phone debate with Benny Garrick.
He actually spoke to Arnie.
I found him to be a warm-hearted, seemingly sincere soul
who frankly spoke of his unique contribution to telephone research history.
Among the key findings,
Benny and Arnie were good friends,
and they were friends before the calls commenced.
And even while the calls were going on,
Arnie and Benny used to go fishing together.
Arnie speaks favorably of Benny today in the wake of his passing,
though he does admit that Benny had a stubborn streak
and disliked anyone getting the best of it.
Arnie would make his calls early in the morning
when both began work at Al White Motors.
Arnie would usually knock off by late morning,
then immediately walk across the showroom and ask Benny,
who it was he'd been cussing out on the phone.
Can you imagine the gall to do that?
Approximately five hours of calls survive on tape.
We should be getting the complete series soon,
but we won't play them all on this show.
Arnie reports that Garth Brooks, Clint Black, Chet Atkins,
the governor of Tennessee, are among his fans.
Rumor has it that Senator Al Gore is a big Arnie fan as well.
And Clint Black tried to give a copy to George Bush several years ago.
Now imagine how much better the country would be now
if those bold surrealists had indeed gotten through to them.
Dear friends.
A waitress asked me what we'd like to have.
And I said, I don't know, really.
What would you suggest?
And she stood still.
She just kept staring at me.
And I started getting very nervous.
At the time, I had a beard and I lost a few pounds.
And I thought it would be very hard for anyone to recognize me.
This song is dedicated to Jesse Presley,
the aborted fetus twin brother,
and the brother of Elvis.
You can't arrest me, officer.
I'm not drunk.
I might be half-ass drunk though.
Whee!
Half-ass drunk.
Hell, you know who you are.
When you got a hangover and it's all hung over back.
Say to your girlfriend's car.
Half-ass drunk.
Just you and me.
Sergeant Carter haircut.
Gomer files hooked up.
Living off a LSD.
Half-ass drunk.
And I'm feeling blue.
Half-ass drunk.
Well, a flood come in and it washed away my den.
And my water bill's still passed due.
Half-ass drunk.
I called my boss.
I ain't feeling quite right.
Well, it can't be Monday,
cause I don't remember Sunday.
And my hands are sitting Saturday night.
We love songs.
Half-ass drunk.
Half-ass drunk.



Hell, I'm drunk, yeah.
Well, I used to have a job.
But I'm sick of getting robbed.
So I finally do a band quit.
Mama had a fit.
Half-ass drunk.
Well, my head feels odd.
Well, baby needs food.
But his daddy needs a lewd brother.
Baby better find himself a job.
Half-ass drunk.
Half-ass drunk.
Half-ass drunk.
And I'm having fun.
Half-ass drunk.
Hopped on a hill cause I had to take a pill.
But I couldn't quite find my tongue.
Half-ass drunk.
Hell, I can see.
Well, they said the light was red.
Now a couple of folks.
Well, there was 22 mangled.
And there was one guy that was gimped up pretty good.
He had to sort of walk like this for the rest of his life.
And there was one guy,
it was pretty neat.
He was hurt pretty good, I guess.
They had like this machine that was like hooked up
where he had this tube running up through his nose.
And he was like, oh, I'm gonna die.
And he was like, oh.



And it was like a blade he chopped straight down on his toes.
And last I heard, he still couldn't walk.
And there was one guy, well, this is what's weird.
They found parts of him on the front of the car
and other parts of him on the back of the same car.
I mean, it sort of defies the mind, doesn't it?
How you could find pieces of the same person
on the front and back of the same car.
I mean, I just don't understand.
They ought to run some kind of scientific experiment

or some scientific test.
I don't even see how that could even happen.
And a couple folks dead.
Well, it sure looked green to me.
Half-ass drunk.
Hell, I wish I was.
Turned a brand new Trans Am into an old tin can.
Trying to outrun the fuzz.
Half-ass drunk.
I'm a victim of lies.
Well, there's nothing wrong with me, Your Honor.
I can see, hell, I got you damned.
You dug your eyes.
Half-ass drunk.
Oh, woe is me.
Well, I don't really pay,
but it's steady every day.
Breaking rocks till they're broke as me.
Half-ass drunk.
Well, I'm half-ass drunk.
Lord, I'm half-ass drunk.
Just sorry, oh, well, I'm half-ass drunk.


Half-ass drunk.
364-886-333
Oh, man, friends,
that was Jane or HyperClete's
doing half-ass drunk
as part of our
study of the world
of the Pobucker
here on the Subgenius
Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
Hello? Sherry? Yeah?
This is Tom.
Listen, I...
Before it gets too late, I'd...
I just thought I'd tell you to, uh...
You know, not...
Not with anybody knowin'.
You sneak out...
You sneak out your window tonight.
3 o'clock.
Hello? Hi, is, uh,
Max in? Uh,
yeah, he's in bed. Who is this?
This is Jerry Topher.
Uh, I'd like to talk with him for a minute, please.
Oh, okay, just a minute.
This is from another prank call tape
called Calls to Okies.
Yes, this is Max.
Oh, huh. Okay, Max,
this is, uh, Jerry Topher, uh,
HNA. Uh,
you're livin' over there on Westbrook, aren't you?
Yeah. Okay, uh,
HNA, that's, uh,
I know it's late, but I wanna talk to you
about your house a little bit.
Yeah.
So you're over there on Westbrook in that... Yeah.
Well, that HNA is a
Homeowners, uh, Neighborhood
Association. Uh-huh.
And we'd like to talk to you a little bit about your
house, see, you know,
little things
like, uh, you know, parking
a car on the street, uh, long,
too long, uh,
trash cans
sittin' out there. You're gonna have to start
picking them up, okay?
Well, I don't know, I
pick my trash cans up just
when the drugs
come along, I pick them up. Well, that's not
all that is out in that lawn, too.
Huh? Your lawn, it's
needs serious mowing problems.
I think you live in the wrong
place. No,
uh, you know, I just wanted to let you
know that we wanna have a nice
atmosphere around here, and you're gonna have to take better care of it.
Well, I think you live in the wrong place, cause
my lawn doesn't, is not in bad shape.
Well,
you know, you just need to mow it a little bit
more, you know, we're not real too picky
about it. Well, I keep my lawn
mowed. Okay.
Are you sure you got the right plan?
You're Max O'Green, aren't you? Right.
Okay, 1214 Westbrook.
Hey, it's Westbrook.
Well, you know, we don't wanna,
you know, you just... Where do you get
it from? I'm right down
here, uh, about four doors down, they kinda
elected me, uh,
chairman of this here, so.
Thought I'd give you a call and be real,
you know, manly about it.
Maybe it's Westbrook.
It's getting out of hand, Max.
Well, what's, what's
getting out of hand?
Well, you just need to take better care of your house
and your, your things, you know, we got that.
Stings? Huh?
It was stings.
I didn't understand you. What'd
you say? I said you have
to take better care of your, uh, possessions,
you know, if you wanna stay in this neighborhood.
We'll blackball
you. You never,
you never get another house in this neighborhood
again.
So what, I don't,
I thought my house looked as good as
anybody else's on here. Well,
you know, just
consider this here a fair warning.
We, we'll just, uh, give you a couple chances,
you know, and then things don't work
out, we'll make an arrangement for you, Max.
Well, I own my home. I don't
know how you can make it in there.
We ain't no small-time
organization. We take care of that.
I don't wanna get into that, you know,
that's, we don't even wanna talk
about that. Just take care of the lawn a little better.
We'll check back with you and
take progress on that. What'd you say your name
was?
I think it was Jerry Toefer.
Jerry?
Jerry Toefer.
H-N-A. Chairman.
T-O-L,
how do you spell it last name?
T-O-L-F-E-R.
Now, we'll, we'll give you a call back here
in about a month or so, and, uh, we'll get you back.
We'll talk to you later then.
We'll talk to you later then.
See you later, Max.
Better beware, Max. I wanna tickle your love offerings.
Sir?
I wanna tickle your love offerings.
Hey, that's fantastic.
Is it? I'm coming over too.
Good!
I'm gonna bathe your entire family tonight.
You're gonna what?
I'm gonna bathe your entire family tonight.
How's that?
You know, in the tub with the sponges and the water.
Well, you sound like just the right kind of guy.
Well, you sound like just the right kind of guy.
You betcha I'll do it, too.
You don't know us.
We get drunk.
We like to go canoeing and bathing.
Well, I tell you what.
I got a whole bunch of friends
that sit exactly the same way.
Well, maybe we can get together.
Have one of them fleece heels or something.

Are you living in Calipho?
Huh?
Are you living in Calipho?
I could be.
I wanna live in that canoe you got.
Oh.
Music

Music
Music
Music
Music
Music

Music

Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
I've got a head of a bitch love
That's running the back of my head like a dog
What's over?
I can't say her
My girlfriend is a
All I got
I love her
But I can't say her
My girlfriend is a
All I got
Is a Poe Bucker
And uh
We'll be playing more material from the sub-con there
You'll hear some Sister Mary Squared
Some Sister Velveteen Sly actually
I think we played most of Mary Squared's formal ranting
But also some informal material from the conspiracy panel discussion
With G. Gordon Gordon
And those aforementioned lady preachers
And those aforementioned lady preachers

And dominatrixes
And uh
Yes
Boy we got a call
We could tell a rumor
On the air
It would be so fun
But I think we better be safe than sorry
Because I would hate to have the secret service
Call the station up
And subpoena somebody
Make them go where did you hear this
You know where was the leak
Oh well
Oh well
This shit is getting serious
We gotta get out
Everyone up
Go home
Turn us down
He's multiplayer
Yeah
Until Kodach GواT
I should live





There's no moreels they' m not waiting on you
Connie's kiss cascades from her lips, lest it burn, leave a tip.
Can you confront the candle of Connie?
Now this chick, I'm a chick with a Y, of course.
This chick has to cruise.
But the chronicles of Connie will continue as I keep on co-opting conspiracy and cracking cliches.
For I am Connie, the ultimate con.
Praise Connie!
Praise Connie!
I love it! I love all the Connie worshippers who are here.
I don't know what's reverence.
I don't know what the dang has been doing lately, but I remember he used to talk about the makeup of the church.
Being just, oh, I don't know, a whole bunch of computer nerd types.
People just spend all their time indoors, you know.
Never getting out and talking to women or being friendly.
They just didn't know how to please a Connie.
And I'm so glad to see this new young crap of subgenia.
Yes!
Yes!
No!


MSG!
Wherever one or more are gathered together in the name of greed, greed, confusion, control, and censorship, there is the conspiracy.
But I want to know, all you out there, after hearing all this stuff that should have gotten you riled up tonight, how big is your hand?
You know what's going to happen?
430.

years. X day. And our revenge will come on X day. Our revenge will come because what's
going to happen to those pinks and those normals? They're going to go through the worst experience
of their entire lives. They are going to be forced all of a sudden to be obsessed with
sex and enjoy it. And they're going to enjoy it. But you know what else they'll feel? Because
they're those pinks and those normals. They will feel guilt. They won't be able to help
it. You'll see those nice little ladies that you saw typing into office. They'll be like
ripping their clothes apart. They can't help it. They'll be like, oh my God, I'm so horny.
But it's bad. For weeks. I must have. For two weeks. For three. And it'll seem like
thousands of years. That is what they will be doing on X day. They'll be up. Losing
a sport. They will show up.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Some, uh,
new prophecies about X day, the end of the world, as understood in our church. The pinks
will suddenly start having fun, but they'll feel so guilty. It'll be like hell. They'll
be ravishing each other in those offices, but they'll, they'll hate it. They won't be
able to stop themselves, but they'll hate it. Speaking of X day, Reverend Zafod left
a message on, on the church headquarters phone last night with the most outrageous request.
He said,
can't you call Bob up and change the end of the world to like, I mean, you got it. It's set up for
seven o'clock in the morning, July 5th, 1998. And at seven o'clock in the morning, everybody's going
to be hung over. It's going to be horrible. They're not going to get up. They'd rather burn
with the pinks than get up in the morning, get up that early in the morning. So I'm sorry, Reverend
Zafod, but even if I did call Bob up about that, somehow I don't think that the Xs are going to
change their schedule.
Just because you don't want to be, the idea is you don't fall asleep the night before. Okay. You just stay up that way. You don't have the hangover. It'll of course, sooner or later, it's going to catch up with you. But, uh, you know, I'm, I'm just sorry. The, the, the, these God-like creatures from planet X just are not going to set their alarm. They're not going to be, I mean, you're just going to have to put up with their wake up call. All right. I mean, there's only so much that you can do.
You're going to have to get for that 20 bucks. I mean, eternal salvation is, is a lot to ask right there. You ought to be satisfied with that.
The difference is when a, when a, somebody in a, when a pink, a human sees something that shocks them, they run away. They don't like it. When a subgenius sees something that shocks them, that offends them, they go, what? This is, I'm shocked. I'm offended. I want to know more.
If they still don't like it, then they might lynch it. But that conspiracy, that confederacy of dunces, you know, the horrifying thing is it's not that they're stupid.
The individual pink may be much more intelligent than a given subgenius because look at the word subgenius. It's not the intelligence that counts. It's what you do with it.
It's common sense, sense of humor, and dollars and cents.
But yet these pinks, these mindless bovine stereotypes, and that's all they are. They're walking stereotypes. Sometimes generic slurs do apply in the case of pinks.
This is Lee Edwards, commonly known as the Christian con man, because I have total confidence in the Lord Jesus Christ as my savior.
And now this, this being my first album in Hawaii.
I want to dedicate this album new to you, my loving wife, for all the inspiration you have given me in life.
And their children are captives on the spot.
Also happy with Stretch Levi.
Also happy with Stretch Levi.
Etc.
I wonder, wonder, wonder, wonder, wonder, wonder, wonder, wonder, wonder, wonder, wonder.
Who?
Who?
Who?
And all you have to do is squeeze your little finger, ease your little finger back.
You can change the world, whatever else is true.
You trust your little finger.
Just a single little finger can change the world.
Just a single little finger can change the world.
Is that justice?
Is that proper?
I'm talking to you.
Life's so cruel.
Why not end it all?
Oh, man.
Happy birthday.
Gee, thanks, man.
I'm glad you went through all that trouble to write that for me.
You're welcome.

And if you can't whoop it, go down.
Go down.
That's a lesser-known slogan of Bob's.
No, go down sometimes.
I just want to tell you, don't pay no attention to my brother.
He...
I ain't no paying no attention to neither one of you.
He ain't got a good sense.
Yeah.
I don't want to pay no attention to him.
I wish y'all would've been worrying me.
Can you imagine not dropping me?
I'm not dropping you.
You ain't got nothing to worry about.
And all you gotta do is and you can't get me next time.




And I got nothing from the news.

I've been trying to be nice to you.
Oh, no.
I'm trying to be crazy.
That's the last we could do.
Well...
Don't call me no more, Mr. Portalez.
They're getting aggravated about it.
Don't pay no attention to my brother here.
Well, don't call me no more, either.
They're getting pete off about it.
Who is?
The company.
Oh, is that right?
Yeah.
Well...
They don't know who we are.
No, and I don't either.
Oh.
Well, I wish you wouldn't bring it up to my brother about his boy.
He tears him all to pieces.
I ain't brought it up.
He starts crying.
I didn't bring it up.
He says you call him.
I ain't done nothing.
I ain't done brought up.
The hell you the one wrong with calling me?
He says you call him about his brother.
Well, you know, the hour of slack really is made for those who tuned in by accident.
That's right.
Those who scanned the dial.
That's what the show is for.
Leave me alone, will you?
Leave me alone.
You got a house to rent?
No, I haven't.
Don't call this number no more.
What's wrong with your car?
I want motors.
The authority told me you got some rental property.
Motors.
Have you got anything else to do?
As long as they can sit and visualize world peace.
Boy, that's better than folk.
Boy, that's better than folk.
Because it's magic.
And think of the ant.
Oh, the ones you poison and step on.
They have rights, too.
Think of the lice that inhabit people.
They have rights.
They have rights, too.
What about Poo-hoo-jee?
What about bees?
That's right.
Nature is an open-ditch latrine in mid-summer.
Do not deny your evolutionary destiny.
Which involves lots more sweating and being stinky and killing and stuff like that.
And frapping.
We try to keep the killing down and the frapping up.
But realize if you can visualize the nuclear winter,
you can save in your air conditioning belts.
If you believe.
But only if you believe.
And nuclear winter sports.
The nuclear winter Olympics.
The nuclear winter is hot.
It's cool.
He's going down the slope now.
Look, his hair blowing off in little tufts in the breeze.
Chunks of radiated flesh flying out.
It's so poetic.
Dangerous sex on skis.
Backwards.
But you see, the things like abortion and pro-life,
and contra-life or whatever you want to put it.
Those are all little issues that have been designed to keep you busy.
To keep you stirred up.
To keep you worrying about this.
And keep you worrying about that.
The war on drugs has eroded your civil liberties to the point where they can kick your door
in anytime they want to.
All they've got to do is say drugs and your wife is in jail.
You're in jail.
Your children are far away.
Cadillac's taken away.
Cadillac's taken away.
They can walk up to you in any airport in the United States.

United States of America and say, excuse me, did you pay for that ticket in cash? Yes, I did. Can we see your wallet, please? Here it is. Sir, you have cash money on you. We're going to have to confiscate it because you fit the profile of someone going somewhere probably to buy drugs.
This exists right now. The war on drugs is probably the single most divisive and single-minded effort to erode every little bit of freedom that we've managed to wring out of these sons of bitches in the last 200 years.
We've spent 200 years trying to spread that we the people to include someone else besides landowning aristocracy.
And now that we're finally beginning to do that,
they're going over to the other end of the Constitution and gradually saying, you don't have the right to do this.
You don't have the right to do that. Everything that is not forbidden is prescribed.
And if you don't watch it, we're going to get you. And that's what you've got to remember.
Nobody up there is a friend of yours. Nobody up there wants to see you have what you would call freedom.
The whole purpose of this government in this country right now is to produce
consumers and workers who will keep
the cost of labor down, the profits high for the earning people.
I'm not a communist or anything like that.
I'm just simply saying that if you believe that any of these people that are running for office are going to do anything for you as a subgenius,
if you believe any of these people who proclaim to be on the side of liberty and freedom give us what you want,
then you have bought the conspiracy lie.
Fascism back for the people!
Fascism for the people!
People!
The subgenius church is behind!
People!
People's fascism!
The individual fascism!
Don't visualize world peace. Visualize armed insurrection.
Every dad a duche.
That's right.
Every mom an evita.
So what are you guys going to do at this revival meeting?
You're going to make fun of religion and stuff, right?
We never make fun of religion.
You must understand we're making money off religion, but not fun off religion.
No.
No.
No fun.
No fun.
No fun.
No fun.
No fun.
No fun.

No fun.
No fun.
No fun.
No fun.
No fun.
No fun.
No fun.






No fun.


Well, as soon as you sign out the, uh, the Jewel Forum for the Lettuce Leaf Kids.
I think you should put up with these guys because they know the right people.
But you can trust me, Ivan Sting.
Yes, you can trust me.
I'm Dr. Ivan Sting.
And I'm prepared to take your money and give you back your slide.
And I'll be at the revival, the great subgenius revival on the 20th and the 21st at the Victoria Theatre.
So you can believe in me.
I'm Ivan Sting.
I never lie, and I'm always right.
It extends throughout the universe.
It has to do with the universe.
It has to do with Bolivians.
It has to do with glass man.
That's right, Brady's.
It has to do with public evidence.
It has to do with Gilligan's Island.
It has to do with...
You go to hell, you son of a bitch.
What?
You're so sick-minded.
Why don't you meet me?
I'm going to show you what sick human beings deserve in this world.
Yeah, what do we deserve, my friend?
We deserve your wife, Swampy.
Yeah, how would you like to be mutilated?
I don't believe you, you sleazy, slimy, dripping...
Hold it down, I'm talking.
Okay.
I have gone low on you today.
Do you think I don't know what the hell is going on?
Do you think, for instance, that I don't know
that Bill Broden is going out seeing Irene Hall?
Yeah, the boy that's having that?
Sure I know it.
Don't you?
What in the hell's the matter with you?
What are you yelling, rat bastard, you mother...
You're on fire.
You come once or twice...
Once or twice a year?
That don't cut no ass with me, see?
My ass, I'll tell you.
I'm going to get on some asses today.
I mean business.
I'm putting it down, and I...
I don't know what it means, but I ain't wanting any.
No?
Hell, fine.
Hell, fine.
All right.
Okay.
There's something else, too.
I know.
I noticed last Sunday
that one of you put a quarter in the offering plate, see?
Yeah, Raymond Welch.
You're the one.
You put a quarter in there.
You tight son of a...
I see all that, see?
I'm up here where I can see it.
Y'all don't even look or nothing.
I can see it, see?
Some of you are doing pretty good,
and others you ain't doing for...
All right.
I'm going to maybe go to another church.
I don't know.
I don't give a...
I've just about come to the end of the road here.
I've just about lost patience with you people.
You know we need a Sunday school space out there.
You say, oh, amen, praise the Lord and all that
when I'm saying something that you like.
But when I'm trying to get something done,
that's something else.
You get your ass out to the mountains or someplace
or hide in there and watch that damn tube.
That's what you do.
Listen, that ain't going to get it.
The horse and the horses, it ain't going to do it.
Uh-uh.
Listen, I tell you, this will determine the day.
No doubt whether I will be your pastor or not,
but I tell you, if so, fine.
That's what I want to do.
But if not, I'm done.
In fact, my sermon is done.
Don't give me no more.
Brother Woodrow, lead us in the closing prayer.
Whether you're going to do it or not,
I'm a sinner.
Dismissed.
How come you hit my brother so hard back here?
Well, I don't know.
I'm a hardy.
You hit my brother.
Oh, I did.
Well, he said it deserved it.
He said you knocked him loose with your shoestrings.
I did.
Well, that's good.
I'll do it.
I'm going to hit him hard at night next time
if I ever get a chance to.
This is potentially five and a half hours of calls.
This will test whether you're hardcore or not.
Yeah, yeah.
But I can truthfully say that these calls
probably mean more to me than any other calls I've ever heard,
including ones that I've been somewhat involved in.
These are, I think, the great...
In fact, speaking of folklore,
somebody tried to contact Arnie
from the University of Virginia
that was doing a folklore project.
They wanted to talk to him.
It's an example of southern folklore.
Wow.
Hey, so what is Arnie like?
Very interesting.
He's kind of like a Mayberry character.
He sounds like a likable guy.
In fact, the weekend that I called him,
he was parking cars in his lawn for the county fair.
Uh-huh.
He's just a working guy that works in the parts department.
He was friends with Benny for years.
He says that Benny was his friend.
He was a good guy.
Used to go fishing together.
He was just like what you would call a po-bucker,
a bored po-bucker,
who had been a prankster for years,
but this was the first telephone prank he had engaged in.
And he says he meant no malice from it.
He meant no harm.
But interestingly, he told me why the calls ended.
Benny got a brain aneurysm.
Control.
He's his own church out there.
Yeah, well.
It's cold out here.
Cold and lonely.
Nobody can understand what's going on
until the effects are turned down and your brain's turned up
because it's 4.35 in the morning
and the president's inside your head.
I know.
But it's so quiet here in the station.
We're picking up dead vibrations.
Good, good, good.
Dead vibrations.
Dear friends.
So the KPFA show fades off into their dawn
there in Berkeley, California.
We don't have to worry about that dawn
for it's the dawn of a new age here
at the Dallas Subgenius Hour of Slack.
And dear friends, I feel that I should give you a chance
to write for free information about the Church of the Subgenius,
if this is the first time you've ever tuned in
and listened to this show.
Well, there's a lot of other things involved in our faith here
besides prank calls and seditious ranting
about sexual freedom and how bad the normal people are.
And you can get that free information
by dropping us like a self-addressed stamped envelope.
It would be the best thing you could.
Just send us postcards.
Shoot.
You'll get a lot more with the self-addressed stamped envelope.
And the place to send that is, of course,
Bob at Post Office Box.
181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
You know, my Sunday night just doesn't seem complete
unless I say that twice.
That's Bob at Post Office Box.
181-417.
Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
I am through.
In fact, my sermon is through.
Will, you want to lead us in the closing head-launching?
Well, are you going to do it or what?
Oh, one last thing.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.

Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Hee, hee, hee.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Come on, baby.
Don't you you be late?
I want your head.
I want it tonight.
Cut your head off.
A high fence ain't it?
Heaven know my wall, but a high fence ain't it?
Yeah, come on, baby.
I want that head.
Come on.
I want your head to hang on my wall tonight.
My son.
My son.
My son.
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Whoa!
Before I go too much further into this tape, which ain't gonna be far because we only got about one minute left,
I should mention that I don't know who sent us this tape.
Boy, people send us such wonderful tapes and then they don't put their own name on it.
This says, Look Out Miami.
And lists the ten zillion cuts of music and records that were on it.
But I can't remember which envelope it came out of.
If anybody knows, tell us.
Let's have another drink.
Oh, stop it! You're killing me!
It makes me feel much better just talking to you.
Anytime, baby. Anytime.
I can't get over how wonderful Miami is.
And it's fine, but you shouldn't cry or be overjoyed about yourを.
You've full control over the вінne´s answer.
But if I drink any champagne and I end up drinking like a nerd...

Then you better drink it.

So hoi přêmść g Dark Night


I'll play it and tell you what it is later.
I'll play it and tell you what it is later.
Sing that Billy Sweet William now
Married life done changed him somehow
He's the man the town used to fear
Now they all call him Sweet Papa Willie dear
Stronger than Samson I declare
Till the brown-skinned woman's bobbed his hair
Excuse me
No wearing out my twat
I'll play it and tell you what it is later
I'll play it and tell you what it is later
