Why am I not getting any cassette sound?
Cassette 1, cassette 2.
Alright, thanks very much, Ray.
Yes, we're entering a little difficulty with this line.
One of the guests here makes a distinction.
I think he's being a little facetious, but I'm not bothered.
I think he's just trying to make it.
Most possibly, I'm really mean to him.
I feel quite fashionable.
You honestly believe that?
Oh, you're Bob Lips?
Bob Lips?
Bob Lips?
Bob Lips?
Hello, my friend. How are you?
I am sending you this tape that you will play over the air to the millions of fans who will listen to me.
Ah, Hour of Slack, one of the greatest shows in the world.
And I have a new guest, a new person, who is here with me.
Yes, Mr. Pee-Pee will like to introduce his son, Baby Pee-Wee.
Hello, this is Baby Pee-Wee.
Are you nice today?
I'm very nice. I've always been very nice.
And how big are you, Mr. Pee-Pee Jr.?
I'm twice as big as my daddy.
Son, what did I tell you about bragging?
I told you that this is the Hour of Slack program.
You should not brag.
But if you do, be honest and tell us how big is it really the listening audience of Hour of Slack would really like to know?
I'm always twice as big as you have ever said.
Ah, like father like son.
Oh, the momentum.
Oh, well, I just want to say hello and thank you, Hour of Slack and Ivan Stang for playing this tape.
And if I could do anything for anybody, ooh, just come over anytime.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Anyway, I think you're broadcasting from Berkeley, California into the Bay Area.
And he's in Dallas, you know.
And there's people in Dallas who don't know the difference between James Joyce and Joyce Brothers.
So that's why you have to lecture them.
And besides, I think you should sometimes lecture your audiences.
You are a doctor after all.
You're up there in front of them all.
You have the controls.
You have the microphones.
All they can do is either listen or not listen.
You put them in a binary state.
A passive binary state.
They can either listen to what you have to say or not listen to what you have to say.
They can turn you on or turn you off.
And perhaps until the moment they tune you in, you're nothing but a wave front probability.
You don't really exist for them.
But there's nothing wrong with that.
And I think that's the way it is.



Just stompin' a few butts.
I've always believed that one of our most important functions in this church has been to administer a good kick in the ass.
Maybe if you kick them hard enough in the ass, it pops their eyes open.
And a jolt of surprise opens up their lobes.
They see something and registers, you know.
The devil owes you money, friend.
But Bob Dobbs is the bank where you can cash it in.
We gotta burn out the banks of the devil.
We gotta root him out.
Burn out the hate.
Burn out the radiation.
Burn out the fire.
These words may be harsh.
They may not go down well on the polished ears of the rationalists, the modernists, those who wish to see proof of Bob.
But I don't care what they say.
I'll keep preaching.
If you go down, pull them with you.
Please, Bob, help me.
Somebody let there be slack.
Welcome potential initiates.
And remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry.
Hour of Slack.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
Welcome dear friends to the subgenius hour of Slack.
Slark.
Slark.
Slark.
Slark.

Slark.
Slark.
Slark.
Slark.
Slark.

Stardust.
Today aColl senhor.


Welcome.

Listen all, come all.
And as we watched, my friend very suddenly and violently vomited.
Who's going to listen to that?
And when they do, how are they going to feel?
Well, I don't have to think about that.
You do.
Whoever you are.
Wish you were a genius but feel like only a sub-genius.
Have a kisser Darth Vader's mom would expunge.
Tired of gorge-clogging crypto-wimpism?
I have a solution.
Stay tuned in the weeks to come for exciting lectures such as
Drink Your Way to Happiness
and a special tour of the Roy Rogers Museum
where Bob will prove the trigger has moved again.
All this and more on your favorite soundtracks.
Soundtrack for a crumbling society.
Food Fights of the Gods.
All great things are happening.
God is showing people things.
Many of you are hearing verses.
You're tormented.
Your mind is tormented.
You're famine.
Some of you husbands and wives.
You mumble, grumble, complain, frostbite.
Few demon powers has tried to destroy your marriage, your home.
So you need to come.
If you can't man, you ought to get these tapes in hell
on Demonology Tape 1, 2, 3, 4, 5.
6 and on right on up till we get through.
And we'll be offering the tape on
Can a Christian Be Demon Possessed?
at the end of the program.
But we're going to take you into that service right now.
We're going to take you into that service in progress
where we are sharing on the subject
Can a Christian Be Demon Possessed?
Friends, the conspiracy altogether has something like
50 or 60,000 nuclear weapons.
How many does the church have?
Only three.
But yet we dare to fight the...
We're going to do it.
We're going to fight them.
We don't care how many we have.
Because, friends, it's always the crazy people.
It's always the eccentrics, the outsiders
that are dumb enough to take on the conspiracy.
Oh, yes, friends.
Another rule of the Church of the Subgenius.
Don't just eat that hamburger.
Eat the hamburger.
The hell out of it.
Friends, do you know how to have a good time?
Say yes.
Yes!
Do you know how to have a good time?
Yes!
Do you need Bob to have a good time?
Yes!
No! No!
Bob once said, no, we're right.
You don't have to have Bob to have a good time.
That's how you know whether you're a subgenius.
If you...
Do you need Bob?
No!
Then you have Bob in your life, my friend.
Bob has...
Bob has already entered your life.
We can't fight him, but they can't win.
And it's...
It's his life.
This is the sorrow of world religion.
Bob is out there...
It's the Robin Hood of religion.
Bob's out there scratching a bloody bee
on the beefy seat of that monstrous conspiracy.
No offense.
Not that much.
Bob's out there scratching a bloody bee on the beefy seat of that monstrous conspiracy.
Bob's out there scratching a bloody bee on the beefy seat of that monstrous conspiracy.
Hi, girls.
Welcome, everybody, to the Hour of Slack radio ministry on KNON 90.9 radio.
I'm Pastor Bob Pegg.
This is Ivan Stang running the tapes tonight and Dr. Chaos.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah, we're going to tell you a lot about...
The Men in Black tonight.
This is our Men in Black show.
We have come to make you function.
What does it say in my guy's head?
Hold on.
We have come to make you function.
We're not here to destroy.
We are here to employ.
We have come to make you function.
So we can eat you at our functions.
Well, we're going to talk about the Men in Black tonight.
Because UFO aliens...
They're already living among us, friend.
That's right.
Evil aliens in the form of subversive Men in Black
are infiltrating Earth secretly,
preparing for a takeover of our planet,
say the experts.
Electronics expert Oscar Magosky reveals
that he's traveled through galaxies following their evil plans
ever since he was contacted by friendly aliens ten years ago
and told of the planned takeover.
I'm being starved.
We cannot identify...
Take you...
The Men in Black.
They are humanoid in appearance.
We know them by their actions.
They penetrate every level of life.
The Men in Black wear dark business suits
and do the dirty work such as terrorism.
They drive big black cars.
The classic bad guy image.
The Illuminati, however,
manipulate politicians and financiers.
You know, friends?
Behind every...
Senator...
Every...
Banker...
Every big deal...
These evil creatures are back there,
whispering their commands.
And they all work together.
We'd like to hear about what you know
about the Men in Black.
I'll be talking to you on the phone.
And if you know anything at all about the Men in Black,
we'd be happy to talk to you.
Our number tonight...
Only use this number tonight, please.
828...
Sorry, it's 828...
9500, thank you.
828-9500.
Just call us back there.
Okay.
All right, people,
but listen to this.

This is a beautifulじゃgnon on the record of this play.

You'll then find Mary gumbo will join us somebody,




Every-
I am SHE.
And-
I am her.
Just kind of my proceed
When some man comes along
And claims a godly need
He'll clean you up
Right through your teeth
That's right, you asked for it.
Remember, there's a big difference
between kneeling down and bending over.
He's got $20 million
In his heavenly bank account
All from those chumps
Who was born again
Oh, yeah
Oh, yeah
He's got seven limousines
And a private plane
All for the use
Of his special friends
Oh, yeah
Oh, yeah
He's got thousand dollar suits
And a wimply tie
Girls love to stroke him
While he's on the phone
Oh, yeah
Oh, yeah
And the House of Representatives
He's a group of men

Who's the guy
When he gives thanks
He is not alone
He is dealing
He is really dealing
IRS can't determine
Where the hook is
It is easy with the Bible
To pretend that you're a chauvinist
And the one and the two
They will get him
They will never get him
For the naughty stuff that he did
It is best in cases like this
To pretend that you are stupid
Fuck you
He's got presidential help
He's a good person





He says the breaks
While the lawyers chew
Oh, yeah
They sure do
And the governor's agreed to say he's a lovely man
He makes it easier for them to screw
All of you
Yes, that's true
Cause he helps put the fear of God in the common man
Smashing up money everywhere he can
Oh yeah, oh yeah
He's got twenty million dollars in his heavenly bank account
You ain't got nothing, people
You ain't got nothing, people

You ain't got nothing, people
You ain't got nothing, people
Thank the man
Oh yeah
As we end another broadcast, let me say
It's all a scam
It's all just dancing
Around a pipe
Of bulls
And Bob Dobbs
And Bob Dobbs
Might be able to change your life
If you grab this chance
If you send three lousy guilders
And what is three guilders nowadays?
It's nothing
If you send those three guilders to Dallas, Texas
And we will once more give you the address
You will be saved
And Bob Dobbs
You might not believe what happens to you if you're saved
And that address, once again, my friends, is P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214
And that address, once again, my friends, is P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214
And you can address it personally to Bob
And it's spelled J.R. Open for the public


And quotation marks
B.O.B.
Close quotation marks
Dobbs
Sure he makes you stay fucking
What he did with those young women that time
Well, I think the newspapers exaggerated that
I know that Bob will do all of us fine in the long run
In fact, I think I know that we really need Bob in our lives
In our lives
In 1981
And in 1984
¬%$¬% cop
And in 1994
My little brother
And in 1991
And in 1995
When they bring the conspiracy to its heels
and in that wondrous year that we know is going to come all too soon upon us.
And we'll leave our earthly things behind and we'll go and join the exes
from God only knows what strange planet they come from
if they really even come from a planet at all
and not some energy star beeping away in the darkness
lighting our lives with the technology and the spirituality
and the mentality of planet X.
Planet X coming down to take care of us subgeniuses
and see that there's a place for us in the world
and give us our rightful seat at the right hand of Bob or the left hand of Bob
depending on whether we're rewardians or mediocrities
but I don't want to get lost in the dark and I want to tell you something.
Hello there.
Hello there my friends.
This is Reverend Dr. Sardonicus J. Chaos.
Oh yes, dear friends.
I have a little case history I'd like to relate to you.
All the names of the people and towns in this have been changed to protect the insane.
This story concerns a former associate of mine
the Reverend Albert H.
Radwell.
He used to be a fine, fine colleague of mine in the church.
My own chaotic church of Nege.
And he was doing fine
until, well, I'm going to read you excerpts from his journal that he wrote
before he was committed.
The first entry here I'm going to read from.
It's dated on December 12th.
It doesn't have a year listed.
I gave my two weeks notice that I am leaving my job at the power plant.
My supervisor was a bit disturbed by this sudden seemingly motiveless action of mine.
But I feel like I have no choice.
I must leave.
This town has been infiltrated by the men in black.
This fanatical group composed of every sort of...
...discouraged.
Hideous.
Hideous.
People.
And these vermin have had me under observation for the past two weeks.
I knew that they were keeping an eye on me when that black Mercedes, which I have never
seen before, followed me to within half a block from my house.
They must think that I know too much about them.
Actually, I know very little about these men in black.
I wish that I knew what they're going to do next, but it's really up to them to make the
next move.
Damn it, I feel so powerless.
So, so confused.
All I can do is play a waiting game and hope that they don't make their move while I am
asleep.
Next entry.
December 17th.
Well, I have lived to see the end of another week.
Next week is my last hit at the power plant and my last in this town.
I'm worried that the men in black will send someone after me before I can get out of town.
I'm afraid that I will be left behind.
What are they waiting for?
This not knowing is making me apprehensive.
My telephone has been making strange clicking sounds, and I fear that my conversations are
now being wiretapped.
Of course, I have spoken to no one about these men in black, and I do not plan to.
So, what will they gain from tapping my phone?
At what point will all this be over with?
I suspect that they will stop at nothing.
I'm afraid that they will stop at nothing.
In order to preserve the security of their organization, only time will tell.
Next entry is December 23rd.
There was an explosion today in one of the plant's generators.
A company official said that sabotage is suspected, and I have my own suspicions as to the party
responsible for this sabotage.
I have one question.
What is the cause of the sabotage?

meters or so away from the generator in question.
Fortunately, I was at lunch when the blast occurred.
This is making me a nervous wreck.
I'm relieved that this is my last day here at the plant.
After giving the matter some more thought, though, I have decided the explosion was meant
only as a warning because they have watched me closely enough to know that I was out to
lunch and therefore I would not be hurt.
How very considerate.
Anyway, this journal goes on and on and apparently we're not sure what exactly happened to him
but he did end up being committed.
He's our former co-worker here at the church, Dr. Albert Radwell, and we don't know whether
this is being committed as a result of...
the men in black or his own delusions concerning them.
This is the Nightman calling from K-N-O-N.
You better listen up right now.
I've got some very important news for you.
Brand new mailing address for the matter K-N-O-N is...
Post Office Box 710909.
Dallas, Texas 75371.
That's Post Office Box 710909.
Dallas, Texas 75371.
That's if you want to contact the hottest station on the planet Earth, K-N-O-N.
Dallas, for work.
Hello, friends.
You're on the air with the Hour of Slack radio ministry.
And there's a secret society of scheming aliens that have already gained control of education,
politics, private banking, major law firms, and philanthropic foundations.
A researcher, Jerome Eden, explains that evil extraterrestrials will use propaganda to subvert mankind
so that no one will...
even notice they're in control until it's too late.
This is the Men in Black show.
I can hear you.
I can hear you.
Get off there.
I can hear you.
Oh, yes, friends.
That was broadcast on a pirate radio station around midnight of June in Amsterdam, Holland.
Pretty weird, eh?
It gets as far away as Amsterdam.
And we got those three guilders in the mail.
Please.
Please.
Please.
Please.
Please.
Please.
the knowledge must have come from...
the.
space. Watch the heavenlies. It's your spaceship out of control. Does that sound fearful, my friend?
Would you say, Jesus, a final great space event as Christ returned to the earth?
This is just another one of those kooky concepts that people get and try to pass it off for
gospel truth. You continue to believe in the rapture and look for Jesus Christ,
because he's coming very soon. And I seen one of them flying right by over my car,
and he stopped my car, and they took me in, and they said, Jimmy, Jimmy, we're real. We're here.
We're here to help you. You understand? We're here to help you and your mother and all those
dear to you and your friends and brother Roloff, and we're going to stop
the evil.
What's going on in the world? We're going to come down, and we're going to help those
evil people find themselves. So you're going to help us, Jimmy. You're going to help us.
You're going to tell us which ones are the evil people that we need to correct. Now,
you're going to help us, Jimmy, okay? And then they got back in their spaceship, and
they flew off, and I just found myself in my car again, and I drove on down to that
7-Eleven, and my father, of course, he's dead, but they're keeping the water on him. He's
okay.
They're keeping him safe.
They're keeping him safe.
They're keeping him safe.

They're keeping him safe.

He told me, he said, I see little men, and he held his fingers like this. It's illusions.
He said, I see little men about three inches high. He said, I'm over in Spain or somewhere
like that. He said, I even go into a place like that, and he said, I see these little
objects and these little men and all these little things, and if your heart doesn't go
out for something like that, I don't want you to know.
I said, I've been in the world, and my heart goes out for people like that, and I want
you to know something else. Those people are actually, you know what they're doing?
Those people are really reaching out, trying to find something, and if they can just, if
they can just realize that Jesus has the answer, that Christ has everything that they're looking
for, and Christ can get, let them get on high and give them joy, give them peace in the
life.
You'll not want any more, don't.
You'll not want any more.
You'll not want any more.
You'll not want any more.
No, don't let me drink those pills, no!
This is KNON 90.9 FM.
This is KNON 19.9 FM in Dallas, Texas.
Please stop.
Please stop.
Oh yes, dear friends.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Stop.
Hi, Pastor Buck here, and if you want to call us at the station, the number is 828-9500.
Give us a call about the Men in Black.
Stop.
Stop.
But friends, let's begin our sermon tonight by looking to the...
Book of the Subgenius, Chapter 11.
The UFO made me do it.
For these observations on the Men in Black.
But first, one short quote.
Stretch forth thy hands on high.
Rescue me and deliver me from the many waters.
From the hands of aliens whose mouths...
Speak lies and whose right hand is the hand of falsehood.
Psalms 144.7.
And be not forgetful to entertain strangers.
For thereby some have entertained angels unaware.
That was said by St. Paul the Contactee.
But ignore all that.
Any sensible subgenius knows.
That Republican and Democrat are laughably meaningless terms for identical pawns in a bigger game.
What they didn't understand was just how little differences there are between any political parties.
Anywhere on the political spectrum.
Looking in perspective at the whole conspiracy.
From a vantage point several steps back from the big circular monster.
They all begin to look the same.
It's a big...
Vice.
With radical and reactionary rioters forming the bottom half and a fake establishment at the top half.
And the earth itself is being squeezed in between.
With both subgeniuses and humans getting all smushed up together.
The humans don't seem to mind.
But what's bad is the nature of the things that are using the big vice.
Ever-presenting.
The political group claims that under them the people will run things.
But when the people find out what's really going on.
They'll just run.
It wouldn't be so bad if the manipulators were at least human.
If they were at least bipeds.
Now before I say this let me tell you this.
I didn't vote for neither one of them.
One day in the not too distant future.
You funny Americans.
That played that old funny unethical game.
That goes to the polls with pride and dignity.
And stoop to the lowness of always voting for the lesser of the two evils.
It looks like somewhere that funny history ain't too far back.
That's how them Germans got in trouble.
Let Hitler and them Nazis slip up on them.
And y'all go with pride and dignity.
Look at that.
The forces exist.
Without definite form.
But only with an intention.
And a thirst to gain form.
To take on life.
We are what gives them shape.
It is an energy we possess.
Slack.
That they vampirize.
In order to lock their non-materiality onto our material world.
Their natural energy stems from nothing less.
Than the fitful dreams of the Elder Gods.
And except for top brass.
Most of our military has no idea.
That the country is run by puppets.
Kept dancing by inhuman hands from above.
That the line of control goes upwards.
Behind each big wig.
In the smoke-filled boardrooms of the conspiracy's New York bunkers.
Is a shadowy consultant.
Telling him how to deal his cards.
And while the human insiders may squabble among themselves.
The men in black behind them work as one.
Bob knows.
Bob has sat in on their calm, civilized get-togethers.
And noticed that the slightest ghastly murmuring from one of these creatures.
Is enough to make a senator break into a cold sweat.
A prime minister suddenly changes tune.
A CIA operative inexplicably decide not to give the complete report.
And when the migraine machine is activated in those boardrooms.
All arguments with the plan are cut short.
Faster than Darth Vader's mind beams can stoke a death car, Captain.
That's not true.
Along with Bob, the pursuit of slack, and a conspiracy of pinks.
The subgenius theology includes a vision of the apocalypse.
According to church doctrine, on July 5th, 1998.
When the television signal of Amos and Andy.
Reaches the men from planet X.
The aliens will unleash their wrath upon the earth.
And he's looking over his right shoulder at me.
And he's smiling and.
He's.
He's.
He's.
He's.
He's.
He's.


He's.





He's.
He's.
He's.
He's.
He's.
He's.
He's.
He's.

And he calls, for the quest to go home.


Black doers don't gather in the light.
Half of this сложies.
Half of my territory has been abandoned by me.
All of it.
I'm talking to you.
Oh, yes.
Dear friends, it looks like someone's ready to fall victim to our little plan here.
No, I think that Gary has mysterious...
Oh, could this be Gary?
Is this Gary?
Hello.
Who's this?
It's Professor Mickey Grant.
Mickey Grant.
Oh, it's Professor Mickey Grant.
Oh, yes.
I just got back from my recent trip along to Northwest China.
Oh, how is Northwest China, Professor Grant?
Many, many, many Muslims.
How is traffic on the Great Wall?
No traffic at all.
Completely clear when you get to the desert.
Well, now how many copies of Book of the Subgenius
were you able to...
Distribute, Professor Grant.
We got it.
39500 Bob Davison.
You released?
Hello?
No, operator.
That's a crank call.
No.
Excuse me, Professor Grant.
We had the conspiracy trying to break in there.
I know.
I know.
It's all the Deng Xiaoping friends.
They always interrupt and cause trouble.
We got 25,000 distributed in land.
And in June, in Inner Mongolia,
we got another 10,000 books out.
They're kind of confused.
Most of them were Muslims, like I said.
I explained to them that Bob Dobbs was a latter-day Muhammad.
And they said, oh, hi-ho, hi-ho.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
In case you're totally confused,
this is actually a call from our fellow minister
who just returned from the tour of China.
Yes, and our member in China, Xia Li,
is so excited.
I played him the last broadcast,
and he's doing much research
and talking with the people.
You must remember the people.
He is distributing literature,
taking his very life in hand.
Oh, that's Taipan.
Li Jing, the Pope of all China,
Dr. Grant is referring to, friends.
And this is serious work.
I mean, when you spread the word of Bob in China,
they can't be released.
Oh, the keepers.
They're interrupting to stop the broadcast.
All the way from China, their arm reaches out.
It's the men in black.
Friends, this is the first long-distance calls
KNON has ever received from the mainland China.
Friends, we need more martyrs for the church.
If you live in a communist country...
They're running down all the way in the U.S.
to interrupt and stop all of our work.
And the men in black are working right alongside them
the whole time.
Yes, evil aliens in the form of subversive men in black
are infiltrating Earth, secretly preparing for a takeover of our planet.
I will answer.
It's true.
They're even on the Great Wall.
They used the Great Wall as a guidepost to land their ships.
Oh, those sinister men in black.
The Great Wall spells welcome in the simple alien tongue.
Oh, yes, friends.
Oh, my gosh, they've completely cut us off.
I'm afraid there's only one thing to do in a case like that.
But the other one with the evil face, he looks like a Nazi.
He's a Nazi.
Did he have on a uniform?
Yes, yes.
Did he have faces like other people?
His eyes are slant.
Oh, my God.
Angels don't have any emotions.
Doesn't make them any difference either way.
All they're programmed to do is what God tells them to do.
And they'll hearken only to the voice of the Lord Almighty God.
And they are sent to be servants.
They are sent to be slave and servant to the heirs of salvation.
Ministering spirits.
sent to minister for those who shall be heirs unto salvation.
Let us note in passing that the true symbol of the conspiracy, the eye on the pyramid,
was presented to Thomas Jefferson by a mysterious man in black.
The actual emblem for the conspiracy is a plastic spoon, fork, and knife,
partially crossed in an ill travesty of the Christian cross death sign.
The reason for this stupid logo? Plastic, because that's the nature of it all.
The eating utensils, because they eat us.
The men in black are cannibals.
Not so much in the sense of devouring human flesh, for they do that only on special occasions,
but in the sense that they consume our energy.
The men in black do eat human flesh as often as possible,
and don't.
They draw off our psychic juices,
and they're small timers compared to their masters.
And all the angels of God will begin to work and intercede and operate and look under the affairs around it.
I mean they'll begin to work in every direction.
They don't sleep either.
They're not emotional. Angels don't have any emotion.
All they're programmed to do is what God tells them to do.
And they'll hark away.
And only to the voice of the Lord Almighty God.
The Bible says your angel will not forgive you.
They don't have to come here from heaven.
The Bible said they're all sent forth.
They're all already here.
You've got to have substantial proof,
or you're just another nut.
Friends, you hear what he said?
You're just another nut.
Unless you've got the secret file.
Now I want to tell my callers,
this is Pastor Buck,
I've been screening the calls tonight.
I want to tell my callers that I have nothing to do with the fact that every time I reach over
to put a caller on the air,
they mysteriously blink off.
Now does that mean that the men in black are in their homes,
Reverend Stang,
and actually hanging up the phones for them and killing them because Gary can't call me back?
The first guy in the first half hour couldn't call me back?
They seem to have control over Electro-Man.
I'm going to have to go to the magnetic processes that we don't even begin to understand.
I am not piddling around with my...
I'm going to just see who...
Oops, and they blinked out again.
I swear it, friends.
I had two callers light up, and they are gone again.
By the way, friends,
while we're on, I must say that the revival last night at the Fantasy Fair was a resounding success.
I had to carry bags of money out of there.
Some of it was a tad burnt.
But, you know,
we had to make certain sacrifices
before we can, you know, keep it all.
Who are we talking to on the phone right here?
This is Saint St. St. St. Deanna De'Brien.
Oh, good.
You called back, then.
Yeah, yeah.
Good for you.
Here with Pope Robert De' Bob, the pope on the rope.
We're here with the 69th Impervious Narcoleptic Church of the blistered, screaming hooter of Bob.
Excellent.
Yeah, yeah, yeah!
You had something about the men in black.
Let me have that again.
Okay.
Well, I'm here to tell you, friends,
about how the men in black are taking over our minds
by filling us up with factoids,
little bits of useless information that can do nothing for us.
Because, friends, how often have you sat and stared,
loose-jawed and mumbling into that cyclopean's cathode-ray slack vacuum
and awakened to find that six hours had passed,
the hours and minutes sucked into the polished, colorful void of TV land
like a camp accident of Brenda Vaccaro?
Where did that time go?
Where was your time control then, friends?
And how often have you been forced to spend seven hours in a cramped and mind-numbing room
with dozens of pink normals adding and indicting the peaceful strains of Lionel Richie
falling gently like a silk teddy on a soup commercial model?
And again, you wait to find that the hours have disappeared and your time spent,
but nothing is different from before.
But is it? Has nothing changed?
Oh, you poor, poor lost soul.
You're barreling down the slack loop.
This freeway that conspiracies set you on,
careening wildly past the JoJo's and fern bars
where more fall slack is readily available in clear $4 bottles of Corona
and individual servings of unsweetened sugar.
You're losing your soul, brother.
And you'll probably never miss it till it's gone.
But wait, you say.
I'm a pretty bright guy.
I keep up on the world around me.
I know what's going on, right?
Oh, son, you're lost and don't even know it.
And why?
How did the cons suck your soul out
and leave you a used, discarded condom?
It was easy, friend.
They stole your ability to dream.
And that was simple, too.
They pumped you full of factoids
and told you there was nothing left but what they filled you up with.
And just what are these factoids?
Well, friends, let me tell you a little story.
Before the dawn of man, when we were all naturally asleep,
our universe was suffused with thictoids,
the amino acids of the imagination.
We lived dreams.
We breathed fantasies.
We nocturnally emitted freshets of fancy.
And after the rude awakening,
consumption of thictoids dropped off dramatically,
as illustrated on this chart.
Can you see this in the back row?
Oh, yeah.
Hold it up higher.
I can't see it.
So what happened?
Give me my glasses.
The conspiracy found a way to capture those thictoids
that make life bearable and twist them to their own enslaving purpose.
They codified them into an art which they can control.
No, hey.
No heads can roll in the Iliad without the sappy moral instruction of virtue.
No boffing the queen without progenerating a noble city.
In short, no basic fun without a lesson.
And yet we bought it until the conspiracy came up with something even more insidious.
Facts.
You can't dispute the facts, they tell us, because facts are immutable.
They're how the world is.
But they forgot that eventually we'd find out what the facts really were and we'd seize control.
What happened then was obvious.
They panicked.
If they couldn't keep the facts from us, they'd lose control.
What could they do?
Friends, don't believe for a moment that the black boys are stupid.
They saw the way clearly.
They can't kill the facts.
They can't completely control fictions.
So the conspiracy is drowning them all with something more powerful than spermicidal douches,
more insidious than crabs, and more palatable than Coca-Cola.
What is it?
Friends, the conspiracy is pumping us with factoids, the very stuff of infotainment, the lip gloss on Vanilla.
The white.
None of those people on that are time that tonight exist, except this electronic lick on these.
Wouldn't that factoid, didn't that come from Norman Mailer about how he wrote a book about how he came with Marilyn Monroe?
Yeah, exactly.
The news about Gavin McCloud and fights between Linda Evans and Joan Collins.
Right.
Ed McMahon's laugh.
They're cable TV millionaires and they don't exist.
Yeah.
Well, thanks a lot.
And thanks a lot for that insight into the men in black, if indeed that was insight into the men in black.
Yeah.
And because the left-right spread is being aggravated to start a war that will put a stumbling block in the way of a further development to save the first third dimensional door.
The conspiracy has just recently bombed my lavatory in Geneva.
You can call us with your factoids on the men in black at 828-9500.
That's 828-9500.
This is the R Slack radio ministry.
He was kind enough to offer assistance he could.
Voice of the Yeti.
Unfortunately, money is not enough in time like this.
If the Air Force does have a UFO in their hands, where would they hide it?
This hour, Mr. Secretary.
All right.
Where are we, Bob?
The code is broken.
Trouble?
Big.
Security?
I have the lid on tight.
Well, take it off for me.
The message is Mars.
Mars needs women.
Mars needs.
It's a gag.
It's a prank.
It's a fake.
I don't think so, sir.
The door will be saved in time, Bob.
Oi!
It's getting cold.
It should have ANDED to 10%, so be careful.
I hope we can go home by the corona, now here.

Kid.
It's Mr. Sam.
More estas.
Bufa are tame.
They're certainly a clone.
They could be anywhere.
Bufa, yakatisma.
Yakatisma.
Yakatisma, the buffalos.
Yakatisma.
But not true.
I like things to be like that.
That things and people can't always be the same.
Hello, I'm a margin.
I hope I speak your language.
This is a recording.
This is only a recording, friends.
All of these calls are on tape.
This is completely a previously recorded show.
Copyright 1986 by the Subgenius Foundation.
You there, Ludd?
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm here.
Yeah, I'd like to tell you, I've seen these men in black.
Yeah, sure.
They came into the place I work.
They sure did.
And they told me, they said, listen to Reverend Buck on the radio.
What?
They showed me that.
I deny this, Reverend Stang.
I deny this call.
That was Buck's agents.
That wasn't the sinister men in black.
Maybe you got, no, my girlfriend is black here, but she's not a man.
Well, I'd also like to tell you.
I was at that baptismal this week.
All right.
Brother Dilbert's baptismal.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Well, thank you.
Thanks.
Thanks for your testimony, Ludd.
Thanks for your.
Thanks for your.
And the ancient Hebrews didn't think it was so funny either.
When huge, noisy heliopters abducted and brainwashed Ezekiel and Elijah.
A rain diseased.
They raised frogs on the Egyptians and turned rivers to blood.
In fact, much of the time they mistook them for Yahweh's angels.
Just as today's holy rollers mistake demonic possession for the spirit of Jesus.
The men in black appeared to Abraham to tell him that his barren aged wife, Sarah, would
bear children.
Genesis 18 one.
Later in Genesis.
One of these.
Beings disguised as an angel wrestled with Jacob and put his hip out of joint just by
touching it.
The watchers manipulate people and nations in many ways.
The crudest ones drag people into their saucers and hypnotize them.
Others work through dreams, telepathy, seances, automatic writing, Ouija boards, blank, writing,

recording tape and microwave beams of pink light used to brain rape their victims.
The most persistent caller of the night.
Gary's on the line.
The Slack radio ministry would like to introduce Gary.
Gary, is that you?
Gary?
Gary, are you there?
Can you hear me?
Are you Gary?
Yeah, I'm Gary.
Gary, I'm Gary.








Okay, Gary, you got a book called what?
Clear intent.
Okay, let's have some details about the men in black, Gary.
Come on, fire it at us.
Well, I've just started reading the book, but I can say one thing.
There was a wave of UFO sightings that occurred during the 70s at military bases.
70% of UFO sightings occur at military bases.
They've been doing all sorts of insidious stuff, and you can believe they're trying
to cover it up.
The government don't know what's going on, or do they know what's going on?
No one really knows.
I think they're just a little part of what's going on.
Remember, Gary, remember, it's one conspiracy.
You know, you can say, okay, Coke is in red China and Pepsi's in Russia because the Republicans
put the concession in Russia and the Democrats put it in red China.
It's all one conspiracy.
Yeah, I believe that.
All right, praise Bob, Gary.
Thanks for keeping trying to call us back.
We've had a rugged night.
We've had a rugged night.


The men in black don't want us
to tell the truth.
But what if that if the story news
remember just decoys strategies.
No.
We're not here to destroy
We are here to employ
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, dear brother.
How can you hate us in our quest for forbidden knowledge?
I just called to say I am one of the men in black.
Oh, we always get these times.
They're all Bob, or they're really the men in black, or they're really Jehovah's Witnesses.
But it's true.
It's true.
Yeah, prove it real quick.
All right.
I've been watching you staying, and you too, naked.
How would you like a nice FBI investigation?
Bobby has an emergency.
828-9500, will you please?
No, operator, that's a...
Please make that guy pay.
Sir?
Make that guy pay.
I want that guy's number, and I want it on my desk in the morning.
I don't want that guy on the line.
Praise Bob.
Praise.
Praise.
Praise.
Millions of people have been contacted, and every single one gets a different story.
But what if the stories which the contactees remember are just decoy strategies?
What if the men in black are inflicting some unknown kind of subliminal brainwashing,
with all of these people getting the same instructions implanted secretly,
all to be triggered at once, at some crucial time?
Say,
just before the X-ist,
landing?
Or,
are we being set up for the sudden unleashing of an army of crazed, gun-toting Manchurian candidates?
Is this perhaps what the Christian rapture,
uh, means,
which the fighting Jesus never discussed?
If the scales dropped from our eyes for a moment, my friends,
would we see a sky swarming with demonic entities?
Yeah.
I didn't know that I'd been snatched up, and it wasn't really a dream,
until I saw these sacred nasal positions.
And suddenly it all came back to me.
And I realized that they'd stolen four and a half hours out of my life,
when they put me in that tiny room and plugged all those wires into me,
and made me talk, and talk, and talk, and talk.
Friends and neighbors of planet Earth,
I come to you from a long, long ways off.
I come from a planet that is similar to yours.
Your many fears, tensions, and frustrations are no longer ours.
Oh, time could do as he chose.
He could extend his finger down into the world of man,
and...
El montan.
El montan.

And swirling around as we would stir up a cold, meatball.
Yucateezma.
Causing events which no man can explain.
Yucateezma!
Yucateezma.
Yucateezma.
Yucateezma.
Yucateezma.
Say, uh, you want to go to see your yucateezma partner?
Yeah, she's a yucateezma lover.
Yucateezma.
Yucateezma.
Perhaps the ugliest aspect of the whole business
is that the human conspiracy aids and abets them whenever possible.
These sick traitors to Earth are operating on the same string of promises Hitler was.
That if they play along,
the advanced supersonic Nazi Hell creatures from beneath the hollow Earth
would make them lords over a new race of Aryan super normals.
Of course, oil sheiks are told it will be Arab super normals
and African despots are told it will be African super normals and so on.
Deep inside the hollow earth in Hitler's library,
yes, he still lives, or at least his head does,
there exists a book called Beware of Bob.
For the church has been fighting these creatures
since Admiral Byrd discovered the entrance to their domain at the Pole.
And so we find that there are two groups of supernatural teams
exerting influence on the bovine, pliable minds of humans.
The Watchers are the silence group,
attempting to smother our potential to evolve
and carrying the basic message of lay off.
Our rivals, Jehovah One's shock group,
are saying, get ready,
trying in a sense to condition us to the idea that we are not alone.
One is a cosmic infection,
the other a cosmic inoculation.
Somebody's faith is being tested
and the stark fist of removal is...
raised in judgement,
poised for a great evacuation,
a movement,
an elimination and a wiping from the face of the earth.
Not to be confused with the rapture, which is a minor thing.
Some geniuses do it nightly.
They rapture in their sleep and in the morning are raised incorruptible, yet changed.
But then the rapture might be for real, but more like night of the living dead.
Some geniuses leading the living in the night.
They are in battle against these heathen false Christian golems
because rapture is from the same root word as rape.
Oh, hear ye, ye of the deaf ear!
The Lord saith, heads up!
And the people will feel the lash of the thousand scourges of the tribulations,
even, yea, lo, verily unto the final rapture
of the equilibrium of the scales of time.
Omicron epsilon, the vision beholding itself.
Repent, ye mockers!
Elijah puffeth scornfully on his pipe, though he smileth.
Wake up! Get off your butt!
That is the faith of Jesus Christ.
That is the faith of Jesus.
That is the faith, that is the Rabb
that's theナ
