Raaaaaah!
Things kept going from bad to worse, but we all put our shoulders to the wheel, and it wasn't long before I was flat on my back again.
Meltdown.
Hear equal parts of music, subliminal guideposts, and dirty talk.
And now, the subgenius hour of SWAT.
Subgenius hour of SWAT.
Bob?
The horror of SWAT.
Of your job, and the joy of spending what you earned on that job on this job, this radio station, this, this anti-job, this hour of, yes, uh,
Bob?
That's right, friend, there's only two races in this world, us and them.
Whose side are you on, eh?
All you gotta tell me now is why, why, why, why, welcome to the workin' week.
Oh, I know I don't fail you.
I hope that you're not afraid.
I hope that I don't kill you.
Welcome to the workin' week.
You gotta do it till you do it, till you get again to it.
Uh, yes, and I know that there may be some of you out there who actually love your jobs.
And to all three of you, I have this to say.
Bob blesses you, and expects you to tithe even more than 45% of your income.
Uh, for the rest of us, we have some readings from both the new and old, uh, radio stations.
Testaments, uh, to this lovely background music here by the Nurk twins.
Uh, yes, both in, uh, Book of the Subgenius and the upcoming Revelation X.
Uh, for Bob, uh, has spoken on these things.
And of course, in between the sermons, you can call this station, my friend, and pledge until your very guts bleed.
And you'll want to, because this time, we have a, a new pledge premium that you won't want made.

Yes, no sir ma'am.
It's the brand new Subgenius Catalog, or Actalog as my script says here.
That's right, the Subgenius Catalog.
Uh, you pledge money to this station, and we'll send you a 12-page suitable for framing gigantic catalog of subgenius paraphernalia and ritual knives and skull goblets and so on.
Uh, by which you can spend even more of your money on Bob.
Oh, but this is no ordinary catalog, dear friends.
No, I, I'm taking a look at it.
I'll dig out my magnifying glasses for this.
That, because it explains to you, uh, e-everything.
Answers to everything, including many you'll wish you had never learned.
Uh, this superb marital aid encompasses the life of Bob, his prophecy, the entire past and future history of the Earth,
and all the instructions.
You'll ever need for survival, slack, psychic wealth and prosperity in these the end times.
Because this is a weapon!
And it also contains the infinite control with knob.
Well, actually, that's a description of book of the Subgenius, which is listed in this catalog.
It's also a good description of this show, which is likewise an intensifier of perception, stretching your imagination to the limit until it pops.
And, uh, you will then learn that no matter how sure of things you thought you were,
you were dead wrong and groveling in an illusion manufactured by the authorities who secretly lord over your very mind.
And after that, uh, you can continue to live in blithering normalcy.
But you'll know what you're being fattened for.
Uh, which, of course, is to pledge money to this show.
Uh, the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
It's got sharp image resolution with no fake trademark, uh, p-p-p-pull-down claw.
Rolling Stone called it a sick masterpiece.
This is no fake, friends!
We're putting you in charge of your life!
With this baby, you'll be ready the next time your face is on fire.
Quick con-down-clamp-spiracy release.
Easy, undelicate tissues, no danger of runaway infections.
Automatically sloughs off waste.
You'll feel good about yourself, my friend.
Because this catalog, which is available for your pledge, only, uh, well, not every pledge will get you this catalog.
You can't pledge a nickel, uh, to Pope S. Cecilia here.
She's waiting by the phones.
She's got a sly look on her face, cause she knows that you are gonna be the lucky one to call.
Uh, and you will, uh, pledge, uh, thirty, uh, over $25.
And you will receive, for that $25, uh, called in.
To this station.
Uh, you will receive not only the schedule, the bumper sticker, and the calendar of this station,
which will tell you when all the other weird shows are on.
You know, it's kinda hard to tell without that calendar.
But you will also receive that amazing subgenius catalog.
This holy catalog has been Xerox reprinted and distributed by thousands of zealous fans
for use in the church's relentless campaign to freak out the pink wimps and mediocritons of our planet.
Uh...
Uh, this catalog and the pamphlets described inside are excellent for, uh, uh, airport proselytizing,
leaving in friends' houses, bars, restrooms, uh, granny's purse, etc.
These are the gifts that keep on giving, friends, from the cult that keeps on taking.
Uh, lifelike and durable, and you can achieve cosmic onelessness safely at home, at work, or at school.
And for $35 pledge to this show, you get, uh, uh, a $25 gift card.

A, uh, a K-N-O-N t-shirt, a bumper sticker, and the schedule, and the subgenius catalog.
But you'll have to come to the station to pick up the t-shirt.
$45, uh, same as the $35, but, uh, we'll mail you all, uh, the, the t-shirt and all the other premiums.
Yes, my friends, it's amazing but true.
You can use credit cards, you can call up and make a bank draft,
you can do anything in order to get more of the slack, w-which...
It's the only way to get your money.
Put your hands on this catalog, friends.
Well, aside from the obvious.
Um, the all-pulp chassis of this thing is flexible yet resilient.
No more difficult de-spunking.
In fact, encrusted spum will come off as fast as it got on with a simple dish rag.
After years of digestion, you'll feel like you have a bomb shelter in your gut.
You'll be able to take anything to Pink's Dish out, and I mean just about anything.
You'll be able to eat anything, too.
Forget that health food and save money.
Uh, this catalog carries, uh, uh, information about our new Bob Boxer shorts.
That's right, there are such things.
Fine quality boxers sporting large Dobbs heads and glow-in-the-dark anti-Bobs.
Bob Coffee Mugs.
Uh, you'll be able to sell these things for thousands of dollars when the tribulation times come.
But you won't.
You'll trade them for boxcars of food or tanks of church air because, friends, money ain't gonna be worth a whole lot in those days.

I wanna...
I wanna read to you here of what Bob had to say...
What Bob had to say about money in Book of the Subgenius.
Uh, this is a good time, by the way, for you to call in your pledge.
I've got three ministers sitting here.
Sitting here. Yes, sitting here. Three...three ministers.
Gentlemen, gentlemen.
Yes.
You three.
Gentlemen. Us.
You're on. You're talking.
Who, me?
Yeah.
Nah.
Come on, call, call Reverend Trickster. Call Pope S. Cecilia or call...
Oh gee, please, call Trickster. He's waiting to abuse you.
Yeah, call him. Well, if you bet he probably is. He probably is, dear friends.
Cheap at the price.
Well, I'm going, um, you can call the station and in the meantime, I'm, uh, going to read this.
This little piece. Because, you know, friends, of all the answers or rather excuses available to us,
money is without question the most primal and effective, overshowering love, power, even sex.
As Bob himself so succinctly put it, if it is money, it is good.
Money is the most powerful chemical.
It is the most powerful chemical in the universe, dissolving everything that is not of itself.
The conspiracy has always known this and has bred many good slaves by making its subjects simultaneously hate and desire money.
They program people to feel embarrassed to talk about it.
But we're not. We're not at all because love is the answer. Love of money.
You must love that which the conspiracy would have us love.


And that which the conspiracy would have us feel guilty about.
For money is not evil, nay, nay, but a primordial benevolent force.
It is the ultimate artwork.
Man's first true use of symbols, predating language.
Why, blood was used as money at one time.
That got trickster's attention.
It is indeed one of the purest manifestations of the holy yuccatismic force.
We should revel in money. We should grovel in it.
Money is the green breath of the estate of man.
If the cash flows out, it flows back in.
It can bring slack.
But to attain slack through money, you must not desire it.
To try to attain it, it will only entangle you further in desire.
One way to lose your attachment to worldly things is by indulging in them.
By smothering yourself in them.
This can bring enlightenment.
But it can also bring the dangers of Jonesism.
For you can never keep up with them.
Instead, the seeker may concentrate on a method, a tantra.
A technique that will lure slack to him.
Learn always to feel the flowing of the cash.
The life force.
The moolah.
Go to a store and remove all the money from your wallet or purse.
Hand it to the salesperson.
All of it.
And say, give me this much worth.
Gesture ambivalently at their entire stock.
Then turn and meditate while your items are gathered randomly by the puzzled clerk.
As you hand the salesperson your money, or phone in your pledge to this radio ministry,
pay close attention to the look of the money.
The stench of the auras that have accumulated on it.
The feel of the greenbacks as they slip from your hands.
Feel the life force of the salesperson, or in this case, Reverend Ivan Stang, through the currency.
Then, in that gap of time,
as the money leaves you,
as you pass through that moment of going from the material world in which you have nothing,
in that moment, sense the slack.
Do not look for it or you will miss the moment.
In that brief period between having something and having nothing,
there was slack.
When you had something, you were responsible for it.
You had to do something with it, spend it, or save it, or invest it.
When you had nothing, you needed something.
In both states you had desires.
But in that interval between having and needing,
there, in that moment, was the slack.
Go into that moment.
Gaze, my friend.
Gaze.
And, uh, uh, we, uh, uh, uh, switch.
Start calling this show, friends, and me at 82374.
Because you must understand that the money itself is worth nothing.
It is only a tool.
Uh, yet, uh, because the conspiracy controls its printing,
they extract great life energy from those who worship it.
Until we rid ourselves of the artificially, uh, induced, uh, obsession
with the colored pieces of paper themselves,
we are still slaves to their conditioning.
If you worry about its lack,
you are theirs.
For they make far more off of your hours of labor than you do.
If you were paid what you were worth, they'd go broke.
They are not really obsessed with money, but with time.
Your time.
They're all time junkies who vampirize your minutes and days
until you are nearly drained of slack.
To break this vicious cycle of exploitation,
you must purge yourself of all respect
for paper money and call this show and pledge it all to us.
Debase the false idols of the Federal Reserve
by sending it to this station.
Make a game of its destruction
and feel righteous pleasure as you draw on it,
write on it, shred it, or promise it all to us
by calling 8237490.
Make it useful for something real.
Uh, friends, now we elders of the church,
do not use money in the traditional ways.
No, we launch it.
We scrape the smudge of soul essence
of previous owners off of it.
We burn it ritualistically in public.
And we pray over the dollars as they wither in the flames.
And the smoke carries the prayers up to the saucer men
who shall save us all.
But only if you call this station right now
and pledge that money in here, friends.
We hand the dollar back to you.
We hand the bills back and forth among each other,
letting the psychic stench accrue upon it
that it may give Bob more power.
Spend it like there's no tomorrow, friends,
because there is no tomorrow.
Spend it experimentally.
Spend it aesthetically.
Spend it anesthetically.
But spend it! Spend it right now!
Call this station, 8237490.
Indeed, everyone should send all of their money to us right now.
Or everyone they know.
As many strangers as possible. Right now!
Why, the system would cave in
if all of the money were tied up in the mail for that long.
Of course, there is a simpler way.
You could just send what you don't need to the church.
Bob will spend very little of it.
It mostly goes to the station.
Bob has infinite wealth anyway.
He does not spend it but stores it,
which keeps it out of the hands of the conspiracy,
keeps it from being abused on monstrous death research projects,
and really, the more money Bob can prevent from circulating, friends,
the longer the econocataclysm will be staved off.
So, if you're having trouble with your cash flow, friends,
it's because your cash is not flowing to Bob.
You can correct that.
You can correct that by calling this station...
823-7490.
What about his slack?
I seem to see the word slack mentioned a lot.
Well, that's... we've lost our original slack.
And Bob is here to help us regain it.
Some people have a greater proportion of it than others.
But slack is essentially what you need to be able to do whatever the hell you want.
Has this ever happened to you?
Why, I should have been there, Ted. It was great.
There was free booze, great music, one of the best parties I ever went to.
Where were you that night?
Oh, I just kind of stayed home and watched TV.
I guess I should have gone, huh?
Didn't you feel stupid?
Didn't you wish you could go back to that night, that party?
Well, maybe now there's a way to learn how to do that very thing.
Introducing Bob's School of Time Control.
At Bob's, you'll learn how to speed time,
slow time,
and make time run backwards.
Back to learn...
But most importantly, you'll be learning how to make time work for you.
How, you may ask?
Well, just ask this man here, an actual graduate of Bob's School of Time Control.
One day, my dog ran out in front of a truck.
Blango.
My dog was dead.
Was I sad till I met Bob.
Bob showed me how I could go back, get the registration number for the car,
do a slip job on the brakes, and wouldn't you know it,
that truck went off into a ditch and burst into flames just exactly a block before he could hit old Booger.
Ain't that right, fella?
Yes, just imagine the horrible things that could be undone tomorrow
if you had only gone to Bob's School of Time Control today.
Courses start yesterday, but you can catch up.
Just right. Bob's School of Time Control, the universe.
Bob's School of Time Control, a division of Subgenius Industries Unlimited.
And suddenly I've found how wonderful a sound can be.
Release your hold on this tenuous practical joke they call reality.
Let your body be sucked out of your ears, for we're going to take you deep, deep inside yourself
to the place of silence in the noise.
We're going deeper, deeper into your consciousness, down past the membranes of the fabric of your very mind.
We bore down into the cranium, drilling through the irrelevant memories of job and normality,
piercing the squamous epizootic.
The epizootus rolling around in the hollowed-out inside of the skull,
scraping along the edges of the birth canal and stretching the imagination gland until it pops.
Now, let all your thoughts drain out through the brain pan, tumble down through the sinuses,
slide down the esophagus, and finally let them plunge to the base of the soul itself,
located in the lowest organ of your body, the foot gland.
And finally, an idea.
An ultimate plan is born at the very bottom of your mind.
And it is Bob.
I don't care what you call him. I don't care if you're a Hindu, a Muslim, a Jew, a Christian.
He's up there. He's in that spaceship.
He led Moses to the problem, halfway to the promised land.
He never gets them all away.
But Bob's going to make it. Bob's going to take you to the promised land.
Bob's going to have you knuckle-walking to Jerusalem, my friend.
The whole world's gone crazy.
Bob's gone crazy.
Bob's gone crazy.
Bob's gone crazy.
Bob's gone crazy.
Bob's gone crazy.
Bob's gone crazy.
Bob's gone crazy.

Strange lights appear in the skies all over the world.
The wife of a carpenter experiences virgin birth,
and a baby is born with a head that glows like a fluorescent lamp.
Dare I ask it? Yes.
Was the infant Jesus neither man nor God,
but merely one of the countless aliens that visit the Earth each and every day?
The answer? Yes, definitely.
Take that and shove it up the tube, mark certainty,
in the fuzzy place called the Twilight Zone.
Here's one of the basic tenets of religion.
It says here, Jesus is our Bob, Bob is our hope, Jesus is Bob Hope.
That's one of the tenets of the religion.
What I want to know about is slack.
Sometimes I wonder if we're living in the same land.
Glad you want to be my friend when I feel like your children are running out of hands.
Welcome to our working week.
Welcome to our working week.
Welcome to our working week.
Friend, the devil is tearing the family apart.
But what the devil uses to do it with is nine to five jobs.
Conspiracy, corporate, pink situations where mommy and daddy get up in the morning
and go to work and they kiss the kids goodbye.
It's the first time they see them during the day, kiss them goodbye,
kind of a simultaneous goodbye and hello.
Then they get home about seven o'clock, ticked off to use the polite term,
after a long drive back out to the city of New York,
they get home and kiss their kids hello and goodnight and they go to bed.
And the other churches dare to say the breakdown of the family
is because the kids see a little tittering stupid sexy gags on television
or because of the new permissiveness where men are allowed to do things with other men.
That's a bunch of holy hooey, I say, my friend.
I say, why not legalize pornography and ban work?
Work is what takes the parents away from the kids.
Most of these kids these days grow up, they don't have parents.
They got some kind of robot scarecrows.
Well, friend, let there be slack.
Oh, and there will be slack.
There will be slack, dear friends.
Thanks to Jerry Oakley of Mesquite, Texas.
Praise Reverend Jerry Oakley.
You're ordained now.
He called in an American Express pledge of $50.
Man, he has paid us not to work.
And, you know, work, according to this flyer here from Radio Werewolf,
work, my friends, is a plague worse than AIDS.
And I know that makes you upset, but look at these, just listen to these five points.
Number one, only two million Americans are HIV positive,
while 130 million Americans have jobs.
And most of these are full-blown 40-hour-a-week jobs.
Number two, safe sex is possible.
Safe sex is possible, but safe work is impossible.
Because at some point, one out of ten Americans will be physically injured
while doing their job, and many will die.
Point number three, the government spends millions of dollars each year
trying to find a cure for AIDS,
but it spends nothing on trying to find an alternative to work.
In fact, it uses the tax code and subsidies
to encourage more of it.
Point four, high schools and colleges pass out free condoms,
but no one passes out free unemployment checks.
And point number five, having AIDS qualifies you
for a privileged moral conviction or victim status,
through which you may even transcend the banalities of your society.
But having a job makes you nothing but a loser and a clod.
Act up, dear friends, by slacking off.
We say, we demand, uh, yeah.
The American Dream
At a bed at 6-13
In a rush out in Camp Dean
Gotta catch the bus and train
I'm in a rush, I'm feeling insane
I can't take this crazy pace
I've become a little kiss
Yeah, this is the job that ate my brain
Go to work, it's such a drag
Face the boss, he's such a blag
In a suit and in a tie
I look so lame, I wanna die
I can't take this crazy pace
I've become a little kiss
Yeah, this is the job that ate my brain
I can't take this crazy pace
I've become a little kiss
Yeah, this is the job that ate my brain
I punch the clock at 9 or 5
I know I'm late but still alive
Everyone just stays in bed
Unless the life of the spirit's hate
I can't take this crazy pace
I've become a little kiss
Yeah, this is the job that ate my brain
5 o'clock rolls around
I feel so glad I kissed the ground
I'm in a rush, I'm feeling insane



Even though hours in the day
Has got to be a bed so wide
I can't take this crazy pace
I've become a little kiss
Yeah, this is the job that ate my brain
I can't take this crazy pace
I've become a little kiss
Yeah, this is the job that ate my brain
I've become a little kiss



That's right dear friends
You know, uh, the problem is not so much with the paper bills, the money, or the life energy that it represents
The problem is that to get it at all, most of us have to submit to these so-called jobs
Now, Bob approves of this
Of the great Peter principle theory
Which explains why so many companies seem to have all the wrong people doing the wrong jobs
That is, a worker moving upwards in his career will end up stalled right at his level of incompetence
And stay there until he retires
And from there he makes the terrible decisions
Which filter back down to his or her underlings
In the form of insanely wrong working conditions
Yes friends
The peckers
Are still inflicting their pipe dreams upon the peckies
And big companies for which most people work use a million tricks to subjugate your will
Often against their own best interests
Because first they show you all the job freedom you'll ever have
So that you forget that there's a leash on you
They promote you a little bit
Let you build up to speed
Running after that conspiracy slack that you know exists
Uh, upstairs
And they reel out the slack of raises and days off
Until you're sprinting as fast as you possibly can
And then wham!
They yank that leash back with the equivalent of a heavy torque motor
It snaps your neck and drags you backwards so fast that you'll never ever again forget that you have that leash
If you're gonna stay with the company friends
You better hope they use that leash trick
Early
Oh yes, yes, we're all, uh, dogs begging for a treat here
Flexibility and adaptability are words which the conspiracy has hijacked and beaten into meaning good slavery
Those who are truly flexible and adaptable actually have long since freed themselves from the corporate daisy chain
Or ripped it off from within
And you can join us in that great show!
It's a great task, my friends
If you will just call this selfsame, uh, helpless radio station with your helpful big, big, big bucks
Ah, yes
Another type of false compensation
Or over-assertiveness is exemplified in the one who always comes late to every gathering
In order for everyone to notice him when he arrives
And who leaves early so that people will notice when he leaves
Or who is constantly name-dropping
After he said that, then he said, arise!
Take up your bed and go your way to your house
Take up your bed and walk
Then he stretched out on the floor
Don't you lose it, remember to take time out for fun
Time out for fun
Uh, it's time to take that time out and call your subgenius radio station
The only one in town, friends
There's only one
I'm gonna have to go to the pledge tapes pretty quick here
If we don't get just a few more calls
We're doing real good
We're doing real good
You're not, you won't be starting something
You'll be joining something
Ha ha ha ha ha
Eh, cause, you know, I've worked hard on this show
I hate to admit it
But we wanted to do something for those of you who have to go to work in the morning
We wanted to take the money you're going to earn tomorrow
But, but we want, we've tried
We're gonna make it work
We're gonna make it work
We're gonna make it work
We're gonna make it work
We're gonna make it work

Friends want you to call that money
And I know that you'll feel better when you go to work tomorrow
You know the conspiracy has developed ways to twist your survival fear
To meet their needs
Not the needs of this station
This one lone voice of slack in the entire Southwest
Uh, some of the conspiracy's tools they call motivational training
At which employees voluntarily let themselves be adapted
You're not gonna do that now, are you friends?
You're not gonna be part of that
As it says here in Book of the Subgenius
Available through your subgenius catalog
Which is available through your pledges to this station
Exploitable traits shared by both humans and subgeni are
Among many others
Incredible capacities for procrastination
Moment by moment self-delusion
Rationalization of sheer laziness and greed
And an instinctive resistance to effort of any kind
In humans, the conspiracy uses these qualities to obscure all reasons for living
Making the pink more tolerant of mechanical boring labor and radio stations
And causing him or her to consider complaining not to be worth the trouble
On the other hand, the pink is more tolerant of the fact that it's not worth the trouble
And the subgenius brings these talents for shirking to their fullest fruition
For he or she or it knows that conspiracy business is based on those things
Having true faith in slack
We take these natural propensities for sloth
We make these propensities for sloth appear to idiot bosses to be symptoms of expertise
Thus we can repeatedly quit our jobs and get rehired back
At better pay
Just because the boss has learned to expect eccentricity from us
Friends, those are helpful hints in your subgenius lifestyle
Ah yes, because they...
Now wait a minute
Friends, you're getting me upset
I ain't seeing my ministers here on the phone
I had some real...
Ah well, I guess I know what we're just gonna have to go back to
We're just gonna have to let them know what we're doing here
And let them know what it's all about
Hallelujah!
The only true religion's guns
Okay
So then you could say Bill, for example, is suffering from slacklessness
Well I don't know
This station seems to have a much greater proportion of slack than others in the area
That's right, we are truly original and...
Full of slack
And most...
As I understand it, we are full of slack
Because we are different from everyone else
We are not dictated by the norms of society and of commercial radio
We try to do our own thing on XCI, especially on morning sickness
Bob would not choose to appear on any other radio station, I don't think
Oh, we're very honored, did you hear that?
Bob and the Church of the Subgenius would never be represented by a commercial representative
For example...
The Bible and Bob are crazy, the kind of crazy that comes from faith
So when Bob says you have to spend money to make money
He knows what he's talking about
And so do I
Money is not the wind
You can only feel it when it's moving
God bless you
Make no mistake, time does march on here now that we have a new stereo stereo
To eat the past tape themselves, they ought not to be feared, do you sir?
I agree with that
Friends like yourself, except perhaps they called in a pledge to pay for a certain solder joint
Ah yes dear friends, well you know if you don't pledge...
There's gonna be more and more and more reverence stands
Too many reverence stands
Can you imagine?
Come on, pledge man, pledge
We need that money, call in
Let's get some spirit going here
Look at those phones light up
Every time somebody lies on the ground
You need to do is shake it all
Shake it all
I looked in the newspaper for a job
I looked in the newspaper for a job
I looked in the newspaper for a job
I looked in the newspaper for a job
You some all you niggas
You don't any chances
Go all
Baker, this is called the claw, and it's got the power of dogs in it, and the power of
Bob, and I challenge you to show your ugly face here at this radio station and come forward.
Go ahead, come forward with all your millions. I'm ready to have a match without rules, no
rules at all. One will survive, one only. One minister will leave the match still breathing
if one of you, one of you goody, goody preachers has the guts to show up.
Uh, yes, I'm sitting here drinking some Texas Select beer, friends. Beer! You hear that,
Jimmy Swagger? You don't drink beer, oh no, or smoke on froth, because you don't know the power
of these herbs. I challenge any minister do-gooder out there to show up, all of you, with all your
TV shows and all your bought-off politicians, your paid-off judges. Do any trick you want,
but I got the claw, I got the power of Bob, and the power of Texas Select, and you, my
friends, you're the best.
Every man listener has the power to call 823-7490.
Or have someone close to you bring you the phone and make that call.
The end times get closer and closer every minute. Imagine some guy or some gal driving
around town.
They're tired of listening to the same old music on their conspiracy radio show, so they
try switching channels, and they come upon this. They hear these voices talking, and
they think, now what is this, a talk show? A church show? A comedy? I mean, oh my God,
are these people serious? It's too developed to be a joke. Should I kill them, or should
I pay them? Which will it be, friend? Which will it be?
You.
You.
You must draw your own conclusions.
You've got to believe me!
Save us!
You've got to believe me!
Save us.

Save us.
You've got to believe me!
Save us.
You've got to get out of here, quick. I know you haven't had much practice, but you've
got to start thinking.
You will win.
I'm not rude to think.
I'd rather not do...
anything.
The Thargians don't want you to do anything.
Even eating or breathing.
Breathing?
But I've always breathed.
I can't stop now.
Then get started thinking.
Think, boy, think!
What do I think about?
Think of birds that swim
and fish that fly.
Ah, let's see.
Birds that swim...
and fish that fly.
Words that begin with J.
It's working, it's working!
Keep thinking!
Dinosaur insteps, potato ice cream.
Uh, potato insteps and
dinosaur ice cream.
Faster, boy, faster!
Deoxyribonucleic acid.
Deoxyribonucleic acid?
Albert Einstein!
E equals MC squared.
Albert Einstein!
E equals MC squared!
William Shakespeare!
Anthony Tronoff! Isaac Newton!
Faster, boy, faster!
Roger Bacon! John Stewart Middle!
February!
February!
F-E-B-R-U-A-R-Y!
Fifteen times eighty-six equals twelve-one-ninety!
Fifteen times eighty-six equals twelve-one-ninety!
Then carry the three...
K-O-N is eight-two-three-seven-four-nine-zero!
Eight-two-three-seven-four-nine-zero!
Eight-two-three-seven-four-nine-zero!
Eight-two-three-seven-four-nine-zero!

Donate $200.
Donate $3,000 right now.
Donate $22.
Donate $22.
Donate $22.
Donate $300,000.
Donate $1,000.
Donate $300,000.
Donate $300,000.
Give to us something to live for.
Anything.
Anything.
We need hope now, love.
We need hope now, love.
I'll open the son of a bitch!
I'll open the son of a bitch!
One moment, please.
I bring you a message.
Exactly six miles north of Skag Mountain
Exactly six miles north of Skag Mountain
in the Valley of Pain,
there lives an evil devil monster.

His name is Bingo Gas Station
Motel Cheeseburger
with a side of aircraft noise
and you'll be Gary, Indiana.
And he loves to hurt people.
And he loves to hurt people.
The last time I saw Bingo Gas Station
Motel Cheeseburger
with a side of aircraft noise
and you'll be Gary, Indiana
he told me what he wants to do.
He wants to come down here
and kill each and every one of you.

But I said to him,
Bingo, wait a minute.
And the reason I said that
is because I believe in you people.
I believe you can do the job.
I believe you can help each other.
I believe you can make this world
a better place to live in.
That's it.
That's all, friends.
That's, you know,
it may seem
confusing, perhaps,
to some of you that
particularly tonight.
On the one hand,
we're exhorting you to quit your job
and never work for their filthy lucre
and at the same time
demanding ever so much
like
five to fifty bucks or so
from you.
Of course, there's somewhere out there
there's probably somebody who could easily
drop two or three thousand on this show.
They're thinking to themselves,
that's just what they want me to do.
I ain't gonna do that.
But friends, you know,
what it ultimately comes down to,
what Bob has been trying to say all along
is,
let the robots do the work
and we'll get paid.
There is a practical basis
to all this. You know, that philosophy
will come true. You might not
think it to hear all the
doom saying on this show, but
we're really quite optimistic.
Speaking for myself,
I personally, Reverend Ivan Stang,
believe that humanity plus
the unsaved subgeni
will achieve utopia
within, why,
no more than ten thousand years.
Actually, we, the card-carrying
paid-up subgenius ministers
will achieve glutopia
within only four years
on X-Day.
But even for those left behind,
I don't see why it should take more than
ten thousand years for people to
figure out that they really could
let the robots do all the work.
And then, themselves get paid
and spend all their time vacationing.
Now, don't get me wrong, friends,
things are gonna get worse. A hell of a lot
worse before they get better.
Uh, at least they'll
get worse for everybody
except those already inside
the dome.
And the planet will probably undergo
a nine thousand year
dark ages, worse than
the thirteenth century, but
then after that, you know, they'll probably
wise up, repent, quit their jobs, and
slack off. Even the humans.
I know, they'll call me
a teary-eyed dreamer, a hopeless
romantic idealist, but
and it's true, we'll be
lucky if any life still
survives in even a hundred years, but I just
have that shining hope,
dear friends, that someday
in some better world,
slack will prevail
and we'll all be
fabulously rich, yes,
but without working.
But on the other
hand,
on the other hand,
you aren't calling in,
you don't hear the songs ring, the phones
ringing in the background, do ya?
Hear anything, friends?
I ain't lyin'.
But,
in the meantime,
did you know that two
point, twenty-three point five
million new jobs were created
in the eighties, and Clinton
wants to create even more!
In the nineties!
That's right, twenty-three point five
million more Americans went to work in the
nineteen eighties, eighteen million more
than ever before in our nation's history,
but Clinton doesn't think that's enough!
Well, we do!
We recognize that while
having employment seems to provide
certain advantages, the rush
of receiving a paycheck,
the security of mental
and dental benefits,
a sense of euphoric
fulfillment for a job well done,
the happy-go-lucky
camaraderie of co-workers,
dependency
on work, like
any other feel-good answers,
crack, pot, or the bottle,
leads to problems the
work addict rarely realizes
until it is too late. We understand these
problems, and we're here to help.
But we can't help unless you call
in these last ten minutes remaining.
Call the station.
Because we are
among, besides being the church of the
subgenius, we are
part of another group
called Employees Anonymous,
a fellowship of men and women
who share their experience,
strength, and hope with each other
that they may solve their common problem
and help others to recover
from employment.
The only requirement for membership
is a desire to stop working
and a pledge to this station.
There are no dues or fees otherwise
for Employees Anonymous membership.
We're self-supporting through our
own contributions.
Employees Anonymous is not allied
with any sect, denomination,
politics, organization, or institution
except, of course, Radio
Weirwolf, P.O. Box 75416,
Washington, D.C., 20013,
K.N.O.N., here in Dallas, Texas,
at, uh,
Post Office Box
710909,
Dallas, Texas,
75371, or the Church of the
Subgenius, P.O. Box 14306,
Dallas, Texas, 75214.
Although we're not allied
with any such institutions,
we do not wish to engage
in any controversy.
We neither endorse nor oppose any causes
except for slack.
Our primary purpose is to stay out of work
and help other employees
do likewise.
Life is short, friends, and sadly,
even quitting your job right now
will not bring back all the precious time
you've lost to your employment dependency.
But you can learn to cope,
and we will be waiting
to help you, and to take your calls,
your pledges, to keep this station
on the air.
Ah, yes, and, uh, uh, Will,
Dobbs, how much do you think we've
perhaps, uh, accumulated at this point
in the hollowness of this room?
Just under $200.
Oh, wow!
Just under $200.
Well, let's see, uh,
Trickster brought a record of, uh,
Guy Lombardo's 50 Greatest Hits.
Suffer!
I've got the Should We Make Them Suffer
record!
Make them suffer!
No, they probably like that.
That's, that may, yeah, it's
it brings back memories of cartoon.
Friends, look, now, are you gonna make
Give him the Lombardo.
No, I don't wanna do that. The comfy chair!
The comfy chair.
The soft cushions. You know what the mistake
was? Working too hard.
Working too hard to try to get them
to understand to quit working
and just send us the money. It just,
it, it, God, God, God Almighty.
Criminy. Where's my, uh,
Someone close to you brings you the phone.
Yeah. Make that call. Make that call, friend.
Come on.
And donate fifty dollars.
And this way we're fair and square.
I understand that you loved Bob.
And that maybe you and Bob
are
somehow, um,
help each other in a good
way. I don't know.
You will not attack people.
You will not turn them into frogs.
If you stay in the United
States, you will be destroyed.
One way or another. It's a waste
of your time to remain in the United
States. Forget about it.
That is my advice
to you. Take it or leave
it. And stop
harassing me.
I want to kill her. Obviously you don't want to. I want to kill you,
Connie. You're responsible for the pain of these
four. I'm so tired. Get your hands off me.
So how do we know? How can we tell whether
our friends are ready to walk the path of
Dobbs? Surely just not by the
t-shirts they wear or the pipes in their mouths.
Hello? Hello, Connie?
Hi. Hi. Listen, I'm tuned to
your station. I just don't know what the hell's going on.
Well, us too. So you help us out.
I am the Pope of New York, flown out here
especially to preach the gospel of Bob and
the Church of the Subgenius to you,
young lady. Do you have enough slack in your life?
Do I have a what?
Do you have enough slack in your life?
Enough what? Slack.
Slack.
Yes, this spazzed, mature, macho
irony. I am sure that on a car radio this
probably sounds like vegetable soup.
Just put in here that
half of the dolphin's sexual drive
is released through their blowhole.
And the other half is released through the
Church of the Subgenius. Thank you for that
testimonial and good work.
Clean your own blowhole, would you please?
Yes. We have a special brush here
available at the Church.
The brush and soap department
of the Church here.
Yes, I can lay hands on you
and drive the demons of
Yucatan.
I can grant you slack with the very touch
of the tentacles of the Pope.
That's right. Andy's using one of those brushes
on Channel 5 right now.
And if you don't believe I can heal
with my mere hands, just ask
Andy about the hands of the Pope.
Oh, yes.
...all around me.
And yet, God asks that we
worship him by holy
living.
Today? Can he really mean that?
And that way lies madness.
Madness and poverty.
The poverty, for instance, that would have
afflicted this station and put us off the air.
Not just us, but everybody
else on this station.
Don't torture
us this time, friends.
Quit laughing at us.
Don't torture us by waiting until the last
five minutes to call in your pledge.
And don't
just pledge money. Pledge everything.
You can pledge credit cards. That's right. We'll take
Visa or Master Charge
here. Listen.
Feel the spirit of giving, friends.
There is no more money.
We've got to get some money.
That dirty
Turkish Archibald Blackman!
I'm not gonna... We ain't gonna be taking
no guff this time. This time,
this time, you are going
to pay up. You are going to call
823-7490.
Because that sweet name of...
and the sweet name of
Bob, my friend. What...
What else can you do?
What else you gonna do with that money?
Well, I can probably think of all kinds
of things you can do with that money.
It is true that I do like meat. Some of my
best friends are meat.
But that doesn't mean
I'd put them in a cauldron stew.
We would hope not. Let's see.
Just carry the wetness with you wherever
you go.
Just bring a bucket. That's true.
I mean, and we'd just wring ourselves out.
Or a nice, tawdry little novelette.
Yes. Or just don't
change your Depends.
Okay.
I've heard enough about Depends.
I've heard enough about Depends.

What I want to do is really cool ourselves
off right here with a cocktail.
Ah!
Cocktail.
She thinks you can cure the world by
kindness and rules.
But it's too small.
The Lord's Prayer on a pinhead.
Some make rules,
some obey, but the rules are for the fools
is what I say.
I used to hang around in airports
and I used to sell books
and I'd stand on a street corner
with flowers and I would do
anything that my religion asked
me to do. But now I've got more
sense! Now I've got Bob Dobbs!
Dobbs is saving me.
He showed me Slack. Slack.
Being able to edit your own memory
and cut your attention span
down to just three little
minutes. You can program
your life just like that TV
guide. Slack!
I want you to witness
now its psychosomatic healing
influence. If you're listening to
me now, if you hear my voice
on the radio, I want you to feel
the inner power of your own Slack
center. I want you to stand
up from where you're sitting now
and come over to the radio
where you hear my voice reaching out
to you. I want to heal
your lifeless Slack center, brothers
and sisters, and make your brain
whole again.
If you hear me now, brothers and sisters,
I want you to come close to the radio
I want you to lean over
and put your head on the
radio. That's right, brothers
and sisters. I want you to put
your head on the radio and
feel the healing power from my
voice. I want to reach out
to your Slack center. I want
you to feel every brain cell
in your Slack center awaken
and rise up reborn in the
glorious light of the subgenius
personality reorder.
Well, I used to be a sinner
cause I truly did
believe that the Virgin
married Jesus and
me worth the gas thieves.
And I used to give my doly
to evangelistic
snobs. But then the light had
shone upon me and I found
J.R. Bob Dobbs. And now my
wallet belongs
to Bob.
Yes, my wallet
belongs to Bob.
Well, my
heart is for my honey and
my brain is for my job.
But my wallet
belongs to Bob.
Well, Bobby goes a
frappin' every chance that he
can get. He can outperform
the biggest without
even breaking sweat.
So I gave him all my money.
Reverend Stang said it was
right. And for only
$20 he did save
my soul.
So my wallet belongs
to Bob.
Yes, my wallet
belongs to Bob.
No more can the
curacy my lowly
wages rob. Cause my wallet
belongs
to Bob.
Oh, friends
and thanks to Sister Melodious
Chops for that song. My wallet
belongs to Bob.
And thanks to Dr. Neuroberger
who you heard just before that
from the old subgenius
Media Barrage number 12 tape
which we've played quite a bit of.
And little bits and pieces of our old
pledge tape.
You've heard many
of subgenius preacher's voice popping
in and out tonight. And we'd
love it if you could hear more next
week. If we're not
back on the air next week, you can
and for those of you
who didn't
pledge
we say
that you can. It's not too late.
You can send that pledge money to
and that request for free information
about the church and the subgenius to
Bob at
and here's that address coming friends
post office box
one four zero
three zero six.
That's box one four oh
three oh six Dallas, Texas
seven five
two one
four and thank you
to those who have pledged
all seven or eight of you
your names are in the book of life
and we'll meet you
there by the barbecue pit
of the lake of fire.
I'm Bob
and I'll see you next week.
Bye.



Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.



Oh,
Jesus,
what have
feurs
to
ура


R
ti
dra
Remember to take time out for fun.
Time out for fun.
Oh, we are out of there.
Oh, that is my favorite song for sure.
Oh, we're out of that Belfast battle zone.
Slave driver drove his tank into his reserved parking spot
and stepped out looking like Margaret Thatcher.
The war was on.
Ah, the keys on the typewriter had sharp points that kept sticking into our fingers.
The dictating equipment started asking us questions.
And our beepers sent electric shocks just through our body like a cattle prod.
Out in the wind.
Our air house, the trucks kept banging into the docks.
Not even thinking about stopping.
Oh, our frail bodies were strapped to the chairs.
And our chairs were chained to the desks.
Our pleas for justice were ignored.
And the end seemed near.
But we busted our Margaret Thatcher.
Slave driver's little bitty balls.
We've charged our little brick fortress.
The streets are ours because it's Friday.
Friday.
Friday.
Friday.
But you see, it doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter how sinful you are.
It don't matter how much you've had to kiss ass
On some ignorant lout who happens to make more money than you.
You can still find slack.
g identifying 죽ый


Maude
מwyn
memorize
Thank you.
