I see no reason for violence.
Fox.
If however you are confronted you may result in
SELF-GENIUS
Bugs.
Bug sex.
So now we can hug our fleas and ticks too.
Wet.
Wet.
Wet.
Wet.
American ticks.
Fox.
Don't kill flies with our nostrils.
Fox.
If you should wake up at about 2 in the morning and hear
Three brisk strokes, followed by two more after a pause.
It got worse and worse. It was driving me crazy.
The last thing he said to me was
Three brisk strokes, followed by two more after a pause.
Thrills. Suspense. Climax.
He's going like a jackass.
Instruments of evil. Cult of evil. Human suffering. The worst kind of cruelty.
Fed. The worst kind of violence.
Pure malice while daring to claim the authority of God.
Power of evil. Goodness.
Evil has found
Conspiracy.
A willing servant.
The source of their nourishment was something called Petroleum.
Conspiracy.
When reality seems too difficult for us to face.
Conspiracy.
Instruments of evil.
Cult of evil.
Human suffering.
Rationalization.
Two-faced.
Power of evil. Goodness.
Remember the boy who failed to make the team?
Who died in vain.
For him, the fault was always someplace else.
Stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid.
Cult of evil.
All of us are guilty of
Conspiracy.
If you hid the truth away, maybe it would turn out to be a lie.
The worst kind of cruelty.
Suppression.
Illness as a way out.
Too many of us refuse to face reality.
The source of their nourishment was something called Petroleum.
Too many of us try to escape.
Cult of evil.
Finding out what the trouble is. That can be found only in the real world.
Better count me out. No, leave me out of it.
Negativism. All those guys rushing around, buttoned up to their chins in blue serge.
Cult of evil.
Sour grapes.
Conspiracy.
Face-saving self-justification deception.
Why?
Cult of evil.
Why?
Cult of evil.
The conversation was about a dog.
Back to reality. Back to reality. Back to reality. Back to reality.
Pure malice while daring to claim the authority of God.
That may not be good English, but it makes good sense.
Making our money reach out to cover more of our needings or wantings and luxuries.
Some of our delightful American privileges of life.
Well, Jane finally got off.
In the American home.
Over and over and over again.
Ours is a rich and variant land.
Those who sell and all who manufacture what is sold.
But the other five, this one gives you really hot.
Lasting satisfaction.
Wherever we live.
The source of their nourishment was something called Petroleum.
For the price which we've loaned it.
Synonyms fluctuate, waver, oscillate, undo.
Wait a minute.
Too many words mean nearly the same thing.
But still they're different.
Nobody can learn all those words.
I'm going to bed.
The source of their nourishment was something called petroleum.
Petroleum. Petroleum. Petroleum. Petroleum. Petroleum. Petroleum. Petroleum. Petroleum. Petroleum. Petroleum. Petroleum. Petroleum.
Evil has found petroleum, a willing servant.
And by Reverend Norrell Preff at HeavyConfetti.com
I heard an error on the Hour of Slack actually when I was listening to it before this program came on.
I heard a conversation where they made a reference to where the urine of people at X Day goes.
And they said,
they were mistaken in where that urine goes.
And we're going to take a call here.
Hello, you're on the air.
Hi, how you doing Rob? This is Longchamp Cowboy Dave.
I forgot what you were talking about.
I mean, I forgot what you were talking about.
Well, I'm never really talking about anything in particular.
No, I mean, there was a singular moment there where it actually kind of made sense to me.
And then I...
What was the last thing you said?
It was about where the urine goes from X Day.
The actual substance itself?
Where it goes? Conceptually where it goes?
Well, the watershed in which...
See, you're always a step ahead.
Yeah, in which Brushwood is located.
And it does not go down to...
Does not go down the Mississippi from there, I don't think.
I'm pretty sure it goes...
To the St. Lawrence.
Yeah.
That's because you used to go...
You're one of those people that used to go to Nelson's Ledges bare naked on various drugs and try to attack the weird Canada geese.
Well, I think Nelson's Ledges does go down that direction.
I think that's...
That's the watershed for the Cuyahoga Valley and the parts eastward too.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They told me that one time when I was being debriefed.
Really?
Did they give your briefs back after they were done with them?
No, they skinned not only my skivvies, but they removed my actual skinnage.
And they perforated other parts of my body too and left tiny little transmission devices.
Which I still have to, you know, I have to wash around them.
Yeah, that's...
Can't be easy.
Yeah, Uncle Fester, you know what I mean?
Oh, yeah.
Because some of them, you know, and then they're radiologically improved.
So if you stink real bad, they'll pick up on it and then they'll make the signal stronger.
And you might kill somebody in Washington or, you know, France or, you know, one of those other places.
I mean, they try and have, you know, a block out there, a baffle they call it, a psychic baffle.
But, you know, the mechanics are baffling.
I'll say.
Huh?
I am baffled for one.
I am totally baffled.
Well, because, you know, it doesn't often work.
If you're trained as a decodified duck debriefer or any, you know, aquatic, you know, any kind of animal like that and stuff.
Because they have trained pet foresters around the world.
They use domestic and other earth-foil animals in their foraging activities and as spies.
And George Bush, our beloved leader, was behind, not behind, but he was somewhere involved in pushing this through in Langley.
Hmm.
Hmm.
So now we don't know.
But it all seems the same, too.
The plot thickens.
Well, it's like the pudding around us, you know.
Oh, yes.
See, you have to, not today, to just survive in the year 2004.
You not only have to have a de-equilibrizing, equili-li-li-zing device established somewhere in the back of your corpse close, Mary.
And then down by the medulla and vulva, god, at the base of your skull.
Down by your neck, you have to have one, too.
And when they, you know, like if you get an amber alert, you know.
Or a turquoise alert.
Or, you know, there's a lot of them now.
I mean, not as far as most of them.

Most people know.
But in our codified sense world, which emanates from the dark parts of, you know, those areas
in the metropolitan D.C. area, we can each bring our own colors to the, you know, to
the fray.
Wow.
And I've done that, too.
I'm going to bring one more panelist on here.
It seems we've got another call that's quite persistent.
Well, no, we've got a panel to hold, you know, the room.
So we might as well get some more guys in here.
Here at 687.
I don't know if we've got enough sheetrock to damage anything important.
You're on the air.
Well, you're in big trouble for spraying the bush of freedom with your pee-full, pee-full
emissions regarding the...
I'm just marking my territory, and Rob understands, because he marked his.
Oh, but yeah, but you're trying to say that when a hippie pees at Brushwood, it disappears
off into just ethers or outer space?
I actually know it.
We're saying that it goes straight down the Mississippi to the Gulf of Mexico.
I would say that it goes into Lake Erie.
That may sound like some sort of a...
It's not science fiction, because there are different parts of the country and everything.
No, no, it's the watershed.
It's the...
Like, when you're that close to the Great Lakes, the water goes to the Great Lakes,
I think, and then from there it goes into the St. Lawrence Seaway, and then out into the
Gulf of Newfoundland there.
Oh, water, sure.
No, it goes to batter, yeah.
Oh, but the urine?
To be recycled.
Regular water.
But we're talking about the urine that comes from subtenuos and hippies out in...
Oh, geniuses.
You're in trouble now.
We're going to take one more caller here, and...
Of course, sir.
I'm sorry.


But the problem...
1673515.
The problem...
De-investigating the urine of a people so poorly endowed with any sort of special or
ancestral genetic background.
Well, you know, the government and the police are changing that by studying the urine of
citizens, and so many employers voluntarily help the government and the police...
Well, that's the vibrational level.
...to study our urine and whatever chemicals we might have in it, and in our bank account.
Right.
And so, you know, the average spy is as good as a dog as knowing where you've been.
I mean, at knowing where you've been.
He merely sniffs the air, and he notices the tell-tale traces of the end of your poolish,
where you've excreted a small amount of urine, which you do every day.
I mean, even after you've excreted as much as you possibly can.
With luck.
With love.
And with great feeling, too.
Someone wants to get a word in edgewise.
Hey, guys, someone here got a new caller.
They want to get a word in edgewise, so we're just going to let our new caller say something
here.
What's up with you?
Who are we talking to now?
This is Albert from Avon Lake here.
Albert from Avon Lake here.
Well, how are you doing, Albert?
I'm hanging in there.
I'm rolling a little sushi.
Rolling a little sushi?
Could you make sushi wrappers out of the seaweed from the chlories that the hippies
peed in?
Hmm.
I wonder if that would add extra vitamins to it.
Well, you know, mineral content, that's another way we can make money off these urines.
You know, these are the ones that are going to be used to make the urine.















These urines are all different flavored as well, and perhaps we can mark them.
Mark, mark.
Well, you know, Bob Dobbs sold that product.
He marketed Guru P, they called it.
Guru P?
First in other countries, and then very briefly in the United States.
The idea was this was the recycled water of the holy men of the subgenius church.
The urine of Christ.
Well, you know, I...
It was actually not...
It wasn't even...
The Lord's word in edgewise from Avon Lake.
Go right ahead.
I used the urine before.
I had poison ivy on my foot.
I peed on my foot.
The poison ivy went away.
And so did your foot.
Urine therapy.
See, at least...
You're one of those people whose detectable sprays are not permitted under government
code.
Why do you think they call them people?
Well, of course it's not FDA approved.
This is what the makers of calamine lotion don't want you to know.
Is there pee in your pool?
Exactly.
Does it turn red?
That's another part of the conspiracy.
If you can urinate on your own foot...
Why buy calamine lotion?
You know, I read in the Grapes of Wrath when they were out in the desert and their car
broke down and somebody cut himself.
And what did he do?
He peed on some dirt and he packed it into the wound.
And that was all better.
The benefits of pee upon things is known by many people.
There's a health group of crackpot health people who actually drink their own urine
in increasingly large doses.
Hey, hey, hey.
I'm no crackpot.
I pissed on myself, but I'm no crackpot.
That's right.
Well, you know, I'm not...
I'm not saying it to be gratuitous, but this is part of this health fringe, you know?
And this is what they actually do.
And they'll put like maybe one drop in a large glass and you're supposed to get some benefit
from that because it's everything you missed or something.
Oh, hey, man.
Just gargle.
You know, who needs Listerine?
Hey, baby, you know, be real.
Be natural.
Be the real man.
And, you know, for hair pomade, why not just use what God left on the ground there?
Today's modern man has no need for patent medicine.
I'm not saying it's a good idea.

Hi-oh people.
Are waking up?

It's just a bubble in your face.

There's why you're there.

I'm talking about as an athlete in Bell million in a introduce new self.

When you're in Mendocino, the most important part is this.
Can you set the same level of imagination?
I mean, how reliable is Listerine?


youth and wisdom it is the wisdom pool not knowledge you see knowledge drains away
not like as if from a from a leather bladder or from a commode drifting but as knowledge
disappears wisdom inversely appears in its place in in within within the dobbs philosophy
yeah when the heads get too big where are you going to be when your ship fails to come in you
can see them on the horizon there well i'm gonna have my head in santa maria and they're all
heading for a new world but you know where will you be yeah mr smarty pants yeah mr schmister
brainiac mr einstein sherlock holmes mr red mugs smells his own nose and tastes his own tongue
i mean this is not interdimensional planning for your social affairs folks this is a dangerous
subject they're impregnating our urine
you
know with different types of telltale chemicals that can source you man don't you know you don't
want to be on the bus somewhere on the rta dunes you know on your way to work or driving in rush
hours you're being sourced man just like in the conspiracy theory or the things coming out of his
head in the most it's almost like rape it's identity rape really what they do with your
when you think you're flushing it down those those gleaming porcelain toilets in the restaurant or
whatnot
you're doing more than making sweaters man yeah you might as well just be signing away your children
that's about it yeah yeah as future generations are going down that tube with your with that last
few beers you drank bear partner yeah your mississippi river which way the watershed goes
well geez you know that's important but what happens before it right really gets there you
think the government doesn't work with the uh city water and plumbing and sewer uh sewer and plumbing
uh people oh yeah they filter that stuff yeah detect oh they can check your dna they know where
you've been right they can tell what you're saying just like a little poodle in the heat
i'm predicting that in the future as a condition of getting health insurance or life insurance
you're going to have to have a special uh uh computer inserted into your toilet that's going
to report all the analysis of your urine back to the insurance company so they can know whether or
not they're going to get the money yeah well they've seen the thing is they've been doing that
for years and they're going to have to have a special computer inserted into your toilet and
they're going to sue every one of us retroactively that's right for you know for lying to the doctor
and everything else oh i thought you meant mrs vision yeah they're gonna be able to measure
how many vitamins you're taking which companies that you take all kinds of stuff they're gonna
make sure you know you buy from the right companies too they'll come they will say
your ritalin at 50 milligrams your heart medication your diuretic oh sure see this
lady knows because oh yeah alarms and bells will go off if you're not taking the proper amount
see we have this is an astute listener this is somebody wake up america wake up that's right
wake up the police are on the road their way to her house right now oh and by the way the chopper
that's bringing a little box of russell stover chocolates well that's not exactly what's inside
if you know what i'm talking about what you sent me some chocolates for valentine's day
with little nanobots inside dave how thoughtful they were exploding kidneys
off they were meant to make your kidneys implode and explode repeatedly
part more of the psychic violence
being pooped
poop
perpetrated upon the citizens of this great uh...
what is it well they're trying they are certainly tracking us there's no doubt about that through
and not in a very personal way they don't have to the computer knows you as well as a dog does
because uh... then they'll know exactly where you're spending your money
yep and then they'll target you there too oh sure in fact they'll start sending you coupons to those companies
you'll think to yourself did i sign up for something
and yeah they were tracking your dna through the toilet
that's right you failed to urinate on the opt out
into the opt out toilet
you went into the opt in toilet instead
that was all over from there
yes you failed to opt out
they mailed you an opt out statement
didn't you read it
and there it is on your bill the next month anyway
flavors
differentiation
testing
toxic materials
so on and so forth
transportation
transportation

charges that's that's what it really gets me who's carrying around most of the time
you know what i'm saying
then they're going to get you for transportation charges
sheesh
that's right yeah
yeah just for carrying it around inside your bladder for a while
the myth of communism versus capital
i bet you they'll put the x on it
now dave you're not going to go into your pro communist rant now
no i'm just saying the myth of communism versus capital this is this is a corporate state
this is like out of razor bag or one of those other you know movies
yeah
you're right it is it's the it turned out in the end the right wing the republicans not the right the far right wingers but the republicans were the communists that the right wingers feared
hmm
the zippers and stuff were supposed to do something
why why live your life that way you know in fear when you could probably just
be like the amish don't use zippers use buttons
exactly
why couldn't they raise chickens and butter
i think they i think they have a point with the way that they live
they recycle they live simply they live in commune they live together
they have nice hats
they're private
their women smell good
their men smell bad
now what did you say about the women
they marry each other's cousins
well
no sewer system
you gotta lock your
they can't they're urine can't be tracked
that's right
that's right they're off the grid
i think we should all become amish i think they have something
no they're focusing on all the people out of the spotlight they're looking for them
if you're not on a cable hookup
you're not on a cable hookup
they still have their way
your kids aren't gonna come home and want nine hundred dollar shoes
they're gonna they're gonna wear the shoes that their brothers hand me down to them
yeah
they're not gonna have to worry about you know uh
the the newest and the greatest and the latest purses and burberry clothes that cost five hundred bucks
their parents they make their own clothes
that's right out of their own hair
it's true they do
they're quite a thrifty and quite a crafty people too
they use their own pubic hairs to make these huge huge huge dangling sweaters
that the old women wear
which people so are we talking about
the the simple folk
the oh those are the simple folks
the rustics
the ones with the flat
the ones no no the amish
they're still quite stressed out in their own way
yeah i've i've actually seen some pretty cool things made out of their toenail clippings
made out of what
toenail clippings
oh yeah really
oh yeah
yeah they recycle everything they believe in in in recycling everything back into the earth and reusing everything
what do they do with their toenail clippings
well for one thing it makes an excellent plastic
i don't know how to explain that to you
I was just going to say that.
They can actually melt it down at a certain temperature.
Just like melting down a good old pig's foot or perhaps a sheep's belt.
Urine therapy is practiced quite prevalently in the Amish community.
Urine therapy?
Drinking their own urine, peeing on themselves for different types of ailments.
Everything from arthritis to psoriasis.
What about the celebratory aspects of urinating on each other?
Many times in your Amish villages, folks on a Sunday afternoon when they're not permitted to work
will just get together and eat some pie and urinate on each other.
But I mean, the benefits are more trans-sweet, trans-dimensional.
Transient?
Transience. That's transience, yes.
So I wouldn't want to be one of their children, at least when they're peeing on each other.
Not for too long, make them drink this


There is Оневилия – the wondrous spirit х
which will turn men into slaving fills one of them with.

right,
Um閉

It's not just fish.
But it's all based on a lie
It's what I believe too
Wake up and smell the cheese
There is no way the rest of the world
Will ever take us seriously
We know that we are not alone
I feel high on the ground
I believe
I believe that's what we suck at
I believe
Yeah, me too
Oh please, at least don't do this to me
At least don't do this to me
But you promised me that I was gonna experience
The thing where I didn't have any problems
I thought that
Why couldn't you believe
In this?
Disagreed
Disagreed
Disinformed
Dallas Air Force Base
It's the truth
Our government is conspiring with the creatures
That built the craft
It could be the fifth column problem
Or the masons or the Illuminati
We have it now
It's our holy grail
I feel high on the ground
Disagreed
Disagreed
Disinformed
Does the government know this thing is missing?
Probably
Probably
In which case
They'll kill you
Dad, you can't deny us our right to be heard
Go ahead and try
My fingers
Will not
Disavow
Disperse
Disinform
That's what I'm trying to do
Are you high on the tracks?
A little information can get a guy killed
An edit by self slayer
Get on it
What?
The television screen
Has become the retina of the minds eye
That's why I refuse to appear on television
Except on television
Of course, Oblivion is not the name I was born with
That's my television name
Soon all of us will have special names
Names designed to cause the cathode ray tube to resonate
You can do incredible tricks automatically
Specially designed to
Bob's wife Connie and the con-spiracy
There's obviously a connection there
You seem to have penetrated a simple analog
Right
In the allegory
There's no doubt that the word con in Connie
And the con in conspiracy
All are composed of the very same letters of the alphabet
You see it is necessary for the subgenius to embrace the word con in the alphabet


And even to have carnal relations with the conspiracies
To a certain degree
Only in the interest of avoiding it eventually
And finding slack
We hate to do it but carnal relations are carnal relations
Somewhere slack has to be obtained where you find it
And what about the rest of the world?
I don't care about them
We don't care about them
We want them to care about themselves
And then through caring about themselves
They can care about us
True subgeniuses
Well they have plenty of things to care about
We know that everyone must love themselves
Before they can love another person
Etc, etc, etc
You know the ones who buy lots of stuff
Well you can do that too
If they buy what they want that's the important thing
You're talking about prosumers who are professional buyers
Just like Homer Simpson says
Donuts of the world beware
It's judgement day
Yeah
He didn't say that
What do you mean he didn't?
Well it says that right here in the script
Are you one to challenge the script writer?
No, no, no
That's been done before and those people aren't around anymore
Heh, heh, heh
If you know what I mean
Um, also we had an anonymous message
They're out hip hopping in a hot rod
Some callers are gonna come down and I guess they're here now
Ooh
We're going to interview these folks
Did I ever do that?
I'm right here on the air
As soon as we get on the air
Sure, when you were a big kid you could drive
You could come down to the show
I've heard that if you have at least three shows on your hard drive
Your computer will run faster
Um, it's uh, now the ball gags are placed in
If you downloaded at least three shows from
Well, I mean, Serpent X is as much harder to say
Because I like to just say quiveringbrain.com
It's more like an education service
If you go to www.quiveringbrain.com
And find the link for the puzzling evidence show
Is that puzzling evidence plus pee show?
Is that the one you're uh
Well, they're all there
Even the ones without pee
Oh
I did
Pee and slack, same stuff
It can be
I just want to know three things
Pee, damn, ass
What does that have to do with anything?
That's what I've got to find out
And that's your challenge
Here at the last waning few minutes of the show
Rewinding the show here
Getting ready for the end
I'm gonna put away my stuff
No, you can't call because you've already called
Because your mom said so
End of show
You're all getting pulled right now
End of show
You have to hang up and call back to call
I'm uh, I'm gonna vote for the
Pesrio psychotic anarcho-materialist candidate
There you go
Which one would that be?
Bob Dobbs, of course
J.R. Bob Dobbs
Well, actually, that's a pointless thing
Since, in theory, J.R. Bob Dobbs
Might as well already be Bob Dobbs
Any world overlord for all we would know
Because pretty much every world leader out there
Has Bob's hand up their you-know-what
Yeah, they are puppets for his hand
Operated by his hand up their little puppet chute
That's right
I don't fully understand
Explain to me more
I mean, I know what you're saying, but
What's your opinion of the puppet chute?
I don't like it, uh, you know
It's filthy
That's how they are
Well, he's talking as if he's had his hand
Up a puppet
As a whole
Chances are, most people have the hand
It's not, well, it's not
The puppet chute is beside the point
The point is the puppet's playing
Not if you're checking the puppet out
How do you cut the strings?
Well, the problem is
Sure, you can cut your strings and flop to the ground
But there's gonna be another puppet
That had been running you
And he's still gonna be run by the guy that's running him
We don't know how far up the line of puppets it goes
But I'm not running any puppets
All the way to the top
I'm gonna have to do a little bit of a test myself
Which indicates to me
That I must be at the bottom of the damn ladder
Maybe, maybe you're not even on the ladder
Well, that's been, that's actually
Was my theory was
If I could just not even be on the ladder
Let's see what happens
And, well, my income dropped a whole lot
But I'm still here, so
That's right
And Ron's not
You may not have all the money
But you got all the slack
And, uh, actually, what time is it?
5.4
5.4
5.4

No, friends
It's the end times
Haven't you been watching your televangelists on TV?
But, sir, you know, this has been
Rather a rough year or so
You know, you can get very cynical
And one afternoon I was really feeling cynical
I was on the internet with a bunch of the other subgeniuses
And they, we were all bitching and griping
About the state of the world and the country and everything
And they were going on and on about the usual overblown stuff
Bush is just like Hitler, you know
He hasn't killed the six million people yet
But otherwise, he's just like Hitler
And, you know, I, I, well, what are we gonna do about it?
We're all gonna be thrown in concentration camps
And I said, damn it, if you were serious
If you really honestly believe
That being thrown in a concentration camp
For not being a Republican
Is right around the corner for you
Which a lot of my knee-jerk friends were saying
Then you are a traitor
If you don't go to Washington
And murder the evil president
Well, needless to say, that's a tricky thing to say in public
But, but, my point was
And they were going, oh, well, that's kind of extreme
They couldn't leave for a whizzo
Which is pretty f***ed up
And, and I said, well, the other option is to find another
You know, if you don't like it, then leave
You know, go to another country where
I hate to say it, but they have less rules and laws and so forth
And, and a friend of mine said, Stag, I thought you were happier these days
You sound more cynical than ever
He goes, isn't there another option
Besides killing the president or leaving the country?
And I swear to God, it took me about a week of thinking about it
And then I realized that there was a third option
Run for office
If you don't need that
Not me, I think you'd have to be crazy to do that
But that is the other option, you know
And that's the uncomfortable one, isn't it?
And so is the other option
I'm just gonna sit and just tell everybody you know what's wrong
And what should be done right
But it's all a different thing to get off your ass
Yeah, in case any of your bosses are listening
You guys are really cool
Thanks
My mom tunes in regularly
People, yeah
Preaching hellfire and damnation
Will you guys say hello to Andy Goodman for me?
I really miss him
When we see her, we'll say hello to her for you
Okay, thank you very much
And don't forget, some people come to the show and just watch TV
And then they say, all three of my brains are somewhat disconnected
Then they say, phew
They have three brains and they watch TV
Right, they have their emotional brain, their intellectual brain
Attacks on Slack
Attacks on Slack
There we go
Okay, now what is he saying?
Attack on Slack?
He wants an attack on Slack, yeah
No, no, no, no, the press administration is trying to develop a new tack on Slack
Oh, a new tack on Slack
A new tack on Slack
Yeah, he's talking about, you know, Slack is on Slack
Oh, I see
He wants to have a new tack on Slack itself
He wants to have a new tack on Slack itself, yeah
I thought he was saying attacks
I'd like a tax break on Slack myself because we never get enough Slack
Well, sir, I'll tell you right now, the Church of the Subgenius does not tax any of its members
We don't believe in tax
Tax is anti-Slack
Very good, very good
I'll have to buy more brochures and hand them out
All you need is your $30 donation
I am a member, thank you very much
Oh, good, good
Andy Goodman
I promise you going forward in this administration we will, read my lips, have no taxes in the Church of the Subgenius
There he's doing some liquid Slack right now
That's a promise
And I can keep that promise
It's one I'll not break like I normally or sometimes have been known to have to be
Right now it's 7.20 in the morning in Knoxville
Right
College of hard knocks
So, yes, we will be, I think I'm going to put out my platform on my website very shortly
My platform for administration of the Church of the Subgenius into the next 100 years
Wow, that'll be cool
And you can rest assured that in this church your taxes will only go to the church of the subgenius
And they will only go down below zero
We may even pay you money to join this church in the future
Ooh, a tax rebate, a Slack tax rebate
A Slack tax rebate
Thank you, thank you very much
An anti-Slack tax rebate that gives you a hedge against the future Slack attacks against you
I can see it now
You don't know when they're going to be coming, those Slack vampires that will be coming around each corner
You'll be slurking and lurking along and there when you least expect it
Slack attack
Slack attack
And now you'll be with your special secret anti-Slack tax rebate from the Church of the Subgenius
You can flash that anti-Slack tax rebate and defer that horrible attack against your Slack
In such a way as to cause the monstrous intrusion
To completely destroy you
Many flax are wary of enacting the anti-Slack attack tax
And yet
Yes, we're going to try to be an example for all administrations around the world
For all men
And what is this whole thing about gay marriage?
In the Church of the Subgenius we believe that any kind of creature should be able to marry any other type of creature
Without state sanction
Ah, creature comfort
I could be married to you right now
We're over the airwaves and we don't even know it
And who do we need the state to sanction that anyway?
Certain things like
Was that a fake sanction? Like a teething on the state?
The Subgenius ministers have been marrying people for years
We've married groups of people to each other
We've married things to each other
With short duration marriages
Right, through the law of the law, right?

Through the Universal Life Church
No, through the Church of the Subgenius
Duh
Yeah, you don't need to have any
When I got my kids from the Church of the Subgenius
It says I was an affiliated minister for the Universal Life Church
We just say that to make people feel good
But, you know, we've been giving up our own ordinations for thousands of millennia
Oh, I love it
Is it true that Bob is neither coming nor going
But he's like somewhere in between
Like in quantum physics or something
In a state of indeterminacy
Well, it is true and not true at the same time
Believe it or not, that's kind of a hard concept to address
No, it is
That's actually very, I mean, from what else I've read it seems like it makes perfect sense
He's sort of in between
He balances on the interstitial range between the two counterclockwise vortices of slack
Bob is alive and well in the jungles of the universe
Those are counterclockwise opposite turning vortices
Separated only by a small interstitial range of slack
On top of which, Dobbs dances
For your pleasure
This city known as Bob's Town
That little place called Dobbs Town
Come along with me down to Subgenius Land
Yes, in the secret language of subgenius symbology
We speak to the lesser
The creatures living close to nature
That the ancients felt all things to be interconnected
In an intricate web of being
And there the 60s cycle hogs
Went on and on
We're gonna finish this work in just a little bit
And then we'll give you your regular programming back
I'm shaving Hal's pelt right now
Woohoo, it feels so good
How much yeti is Hal?
Hal, are you at least 80-90% yeti, right?
I'm afraid so
The physical tropisms are unmistakable
Do you ever wax your pelt?
No, that would be excruciatingly painful
I've waxed my pelt a few times
What's the name of that metal state which lets you meditate better?
California
I had a question for the reverend
How may I help you, pig man?
Yeah, you know how the popular series X-Files was out on the air and very successful
I was just wondering if they borrowed that from X-Day
Oh, well of course, you know, pretty much everything in Hollywood was inspired by J.R. Bob Dobbs
Jokes and gags and funny novelty routines that he would do
Parties and stuff, so yeah, basically it was all ripped off from us
But we don't expect the heathens to believe that sort of thing, so we don't make a big deal out of it
X-Files, X-Day, J.R. Bob Dobbs predicted X-Day back in 1953
He said the world would end in 1998 and it's...
And it's due to
Obviously, it ain't 1998 yet now, is it?
That's right
Yeah, well, you know, the world did end, so I agree
The world ended?
Well, that's a matter of a lot of debate
We just don't know it yet
The fact that there's so much debate makes me think that maybe the world hadn't really ended that much
Maybe the beginning of the end came in 1998
There's sort of like ending in a sort of vacuum
Well, there's...
And it's backwards
An increasingly popular theory is that in 1998 the rupture began
And the space aliens started rupturing up people
But they did it like one organ at a time or one personality feature at a time
I lost my blood sugar on X-Day
Another guy lost his insulin and became diabetic on X-Day
Some people lost wallets, some people lost their values
Some lost their memory and their morality
And over the years, if you have...
I mean, are you getting more hair? No, you're losing hair
Are you getting more brain cells? No, those are being ruptured
You're going up to meet Bob piece by piece
As we speak
And even my sperm cell, my sperm cell count, my sperm count is decreasing
That's right, all I found
Well, that means God needs little pig man babies
God needs those sperm cells up in heaven
They were ruptured
I got me one, I got me one piggy baby
You wanna, you wanna say hi, Steven?
You finally did?
Wee! Wee! Wee! Wee!
That's the sweetest thing
And he's going to bed now
I gotta put little pig boy to bed, so I'll call back man
Well, I'm real glad to hear about that
Congratulations!
Congratulations on being a dad
Do you think there's like a future for piggy boy with the state fairs?
Yeah, well I'm trying to corrupt him as early as possible
So he does know how rotten this world is
And maybe he'll be ready
Teach him the value of a dollar
That's right
You all have a good night
Well, you too, thanks for calling, pig man
Thank you, Reverend, and thank you, Synesthesia, we'll see you all
Alright
Do you notice how I said thanks for calling just like I was the host of this?
Hey, you know what, that's fine
You thanked him for me
I'm so powerful I have people to send out thank you cards for me
All that, so
I don't even have to thank people for calling
I'm so jealous of all your followers
You have real mindless followers
Followers?
No, I don't
My mindless followers are all fakers
And they only pretend, they act like they're mindless followers for, you know, just for a joke for a little while
When you try to actually get them to do something like assassinate your enemies
Oh, then all of a sudden they've got an overdue book at the library
See, where are my mindless followers that I haven't seen any in a while?
They're not exactly clamoring to secure resources for me
Well, maybe your mindless followers are just like their god
Imaginary
That's right
But that doesn't, you know, that's never been a problem in the religion business
I am a figment of my own imagination
That's what they say
But you know, if all of a sudden you injured, you stubbed your toe or something
You'd suddenly be in the body again and you wouldn't feel like you were your own god
You'd be cursing me
Simply, simply
Some outside god
Simply an imagination of the injury, the pain
I imagine that
So, merrily, merrily, merrily, merrily, life is but a dream
Sounds good
Yeah, I think you've got the makings of a first class guru in you
Alright, just point the way to the mountaintop and
Well, no, you don't want to do the mountain, but nobody, none of the gurus really do that
What are you talking about?
They really do the mountaintop
They talk about, that's a metaphor, you know, little old ladies and frustrated businessmen love to hear about the mountaintop
The gurus are really guys just like, you know, anybody else
It's like salesmen, you're doing a pep talk and it improves the idiots who can't
I mean the people, nice people who can't improve themselves for whatever reason
Now the true test of the guru is he who can climb the mountain without getting a nosebleed
And...
Well, actually...
No, the real guru is the guru who can not and say he did
That is the real miracle
It lies not in the silly displays of magic, but in the belief of the viewer
That is where the miracle takes place, in the lack of understanding in the believer
That is the truth, the people say there's no such thing as miracles
The miracle is the miracle itself
The miracle is that people can believe such dumb stuff
And that's a beautiful story, it's a beautiful miracle
That hits the nail right on the head
It brings, you know, some measure of succor to people in this damn tough world
That's right
I have my beliefs, I believe in Bob so solidly rock hard
My hate for Bob proves how that I...
You know, you can't hate something you don't believe in
That's right
You gotta really believe in something like a, you know, you can't hate strangers like you hate your family or your loved ones
It's a strange thing to say you can't hate strangers like you hate your loved ones
But it's true, you know
It's true
Most murders are of people that you know
That's right, so...
Most of the people I killed were people I knew
You can do this by playing with yourself every night
I'm playing with myself now
I wouldn't stop and save it just for the night
I find if it's good at night, it must be good all day long
Then, before you go to sleep
Play with yourself some more
Now, a clear statement of what you wish to accomplish following play with yourself
Well, I, I, do I have to...
I've got to play with myself to know what I've got to accomplish
It's the only way I can wrench it from my memory, so to speak
And request your subconscious mind to work during the night playing with yourself to achieve your purpose
A super...
Then I just pull it out
Like, whole...
Self...
So to speak
A hapless star
And verily, though I say unto ye
Were that in something that I said
Then I say it again
With that which I said forthwith
Playing with myself with my pocket stun guard
To keep me safe from myself
Because if I get carried away, I could hurt myself
Well, now, don't run with those scissors, then, then
And, uh, I'm a Tennessee toothpick of mine
You can't be too careful
Oh, wow, yeah
Boy, don't wave that thing around, uh, too close, you know, uh, that's just a...
And notice it's got a deluxe ink pen attached
Well, okay, all right, be a show-off
I can draw in both black as well as red
Well, some...
I never had no education myself...
And look at the way it folds up
Wow
And fits in its specially designed pouch
So smart, so chic, so hip, so pop...
I call it Big John
So, how, how you say, incroyable?
It's a legend in steel
I salute you on both cheeks
Mwah, mwah
Oh, thank you, and now one over here
This shall be your medal, Medvedev
And one here
Blackjack
He wanted me to perform the osculus infandum
I had to think fast or be forever inducted into his fiendish devil cult
I don't feel well...
My fiendish devil cult...
I think I'd better lie down on the sofa over there
Uh, call it a fiendish devil cult, if you will, but I can't...
I call it a birthday party time
You weren't supposed to hear my inward meditation there, but I agree, it does have the semblance of a party...
Why, it's a mirror butt fantasy with a dragon banging your head
As I said, I think I need to go lie down over there, I hope you'll excuse me for a minute...
Futuristic fantasy such as this can't be bought at any price
David, what would you say if I told you I won $1200 this afternoon?
I'd say you're mighty lucky
I can tear my lottery ticket up, I guess...
Who?
And I'm going out with you tonight
But you had a theory about luck...
I know you've got some cash...
...a little bit earlier, Colonel...
And that makes you very attractive to me...
A theory that the concept of fairness is basically unfair...
You know that's sincere, I mean it that way...
Okay...
Security plus, something you can't buy...
Believe it or not!
A price barrier such as this on these stun guns is broken by Bud K...
Everything you can buy in a store and a little bit more...
Hey, how about that, Bud K?
Believe it or not!
They sell 11th century Mongolian knives for less than 10 bucks...
Man, they've got some killer...
Look at this thing, I love this one, man...
What's that, brass knucks or some horrible...
It's a sword with like spiked knuckles on the sword, a blade at both ends...
You know the people who buy this stuff are really big softies with beards who would never ever know...
They wouldn't hurt a fly...
Yeah, right...
If they saw a fly on the end of the knife in such a way that all they had to do was just impale it...
They would just, you know, let it go...
At least this is what we tell ourselves for our own comfort and reassurance...
The other alternative is too awful to believe in...
Which is that actual aggressive psychos buy these dreadful and readily available weapons...
Not big soft...
Why don't...
It seems wrong...
Why don't they market these to the crazy weirdos they'd sell more of?
It's horrible...
There's only a few big softies with weapons that don't want to kill, but it seems like there's lots of people out there with weapons that want to kill...
One must have the willingness to use the weapon no matter how one is armed...
This classic favorite becomes a contemporary fad to carry around your black razor...
Ew, put it away...
You know, some people are just... they just like to caress the weapon...
And yet for me, the gas turbo pocket torch packing powerful heat is the only weapon to buy...
Well, uh, different, uh, spells for different...
I'm powerfully successful as an assassin with my...
Three...
Track down any prey...
Time, time, time, time...
Evil, destruction, death...
Death...
Death...
Death...
Death...
Out of the slime and darkness it comes, it comes, it comes, it comes...
The unprotected...
Yeti!
The Unprotected Down
Free over来
IH supports realmedth
Happy New Year 2020
The uninformed.
The uninformed.
Peddlers of misery.
Peddlers of misery.
Plowing had begun.
The shunted and unloved.
Let it begin here.
The unguided.
Candidates for the slave world.
Candidates for the slave world.
Swelling for a long time.
Take a lack of responsibility, the inability to make right choices, add to it ignorance and indifference, and top it off with a desire for escapism and kicks.
That tight society of drug addicts.
Freedom.
Freedom.
Pushing dope.
Personal.
Pushing dope.
Personal.
Pushing dope.
Personal.
Pushing dope.
Personal.
Plenty of fun and laughs.
Thriving urge to build and grow.
If you want to swing, call them.
Right now, he's got to split.
But then that thriving urge came welling up.
Today and tomorrow and tomorrow.
Could not be contained.
Under the rolling bulge.
Suddenly, that's all gone.
Under the rolling bulge.
The party is swinging.
Lay deep layers.
In a real life tragedy.
Air of freedom.
Throw out the sucker bait.
It's time for the next step.
Air of freedom.
That's where the real action is.
And went to work.
That's where the real action is.
And went to work.
Take a trip from Squaresville.
It rained all night.
The pot party.
It rained all night.
The trippers.
New power.
All gathered in secrecy.
New power.
And flying high as a kite.
Power.
Pony world.
Power.
Pony world.
Power.
Shame. Arrest. Prison.
Power.
They can lie.
Forget it, man, and get with the countdown.
Shake this square world and blast off for Kicksville.
But they were wrong.
No one to interfere with the fun.
But they were wrong.
No one to interfere with the fun.
All this empire building.
The natural defenses are crumbling.
The barriers of caution are beaten down.
Going on.
See the stupidity of it all.
Going on.
See the stupidity of it all.
Some odds and ends.
He's having kicks.
Some odds and ends.
He's having kicks.
Some odds and ends.
Some odds and ends.

Up. Out.
An odd and n.
Some odds and ends.
deh.
But everything that goes up must come down.
Electric fire.
The same problems.
The same responsibilities.
Electric fire.
The same problems.
The same responsibilities.
Electricity.
Electricity.
Electricity.
Electricity.
What hath God wrought?
What hath God wrought?
Burn.
Burn.
Burn.
Burn fear of freedom.
Burn.
Fear of freedom, human endeavor, and a network of wires.
Me, me, me, me, power possibilities.
Here was the strength of men's backs, the muscles of their animals.
Kitch, kitch, katchy, katchy, katchy, katchy.
The ordinary everyday people.
Here was power.
Titanically muscle power.
Hot power, hot power, gently warming a sleeping child.
Magic power, magic power, man with man, man with man.
Brilliant power.
Power to expand, power to expand, power, power, power, power.
New freedom of the mind.
Freedom from drudgery.
Surged forward.
By Reverend Norrell Preff at HeavyConfetti.com
There's a lot of class division.
And this country.
And I would hate to use, you know, ethnic slurs or put downs like po-bucker or so forth.
Just for people of a lower educational or spiritual level than myself.
Fig pluckers.
Humans.
What?
Yeah.
Fig pluckers.
Whatever.
Bad words like that.
I don't like pinks.
Pinks, po-buckers, you know, mediocritans.
I hate to use that kind of language to describe normal people.
I hate to use that kind of language to describe normal people.
Normal people and other completely atheists.
Normal people and other completely atheists.
The battle for the mind of North America will be fought in the video arena.
The video drone.
The television screen is the retina of the mind's eye.
Therefore the television screen is part of the physical structure of the brain.
Therefore whatever appears on the television screen...
Therefore whatever appears on the television screen...
for those who watch it.
Therefore, television is reality,
and reality is less than television.
Max, I'm so glad you came to me.
I've been through it all myself, you see.
Your reality is already half video hallucination.
If you're not careful, it will become total hallucination.
You'll have to learn to live in a very strange new world.
I had a brain tumor, and I had visions.
I believed the visions caused the tumor and not the reverse.
I could feel the visions coalesce and become flesh.
Uncontrollable.
But when they removed the tumor, it was called Videodrome.
I was Videodrome's first victim.
But who's behind it? What do they want?
I want you, Max.
You.
Come to me.
Come to Nikki.
Come on.
Don't make me wait.
Please.
You are listening to
the Hour of Slack, voice of the Church of the Subgenius.
You can get more information about it,
from, got that pencil ready,
Box 181417, Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
That's the Northern Ohio branch office, anyway.
Learn everything at www.subgenius.com
because time is running out.
There are people in most countries who would like to live in the Republic of the United States
or the Dominion of Canada where that good oligocole is sold.
The citizens of our countries are the envy of many people elsewhere
because of the personal freedom which we have enjoyed.
Why then doesn't every country adopt a form of free government?
One answer is that unfortunately there are people and parties in many nations
who are so greedy for power that they will sacrifice the freedom of their fellow countrymen
to obtain power for themselves.
History, even recent history, is replete with such instances.
That is why the citizens of the Republic of the United States,
and the Dominion of Canada,
must be careful to recognize at its very beginning
any movement to steal or limit their freedom.
That is not always easy.
The man who would enslave a free people doesn't begin by saying,
now I'm going to be your dictator.
Instead, he probably will claim that he is a devoted supporter of personal freedom.
But all the while he will support policies that weaken and undermine personal freedom.
Such a man will deny any totalitarian aims.
But free citizens must not be deceived
by such denials.
Apparently it is a cardinal principle of every sincere totalitarian
that he is justified in lying,
if such lies will advance his plans.
In these times, no public figure,
and no party or organization supporting such a person
can be accepted without careful consideration.
Every public figure and organization must be carefully scrutinized.
And if their real aims are to limit or to destroy our freedom as individuals,
they must be opposed and defeated.
Now and in the fractions of eight years I'll be worn-out even more,
with the
