Uh, Wellman, Dennis locked me in this little box. I can't feel anything, I can't see anything, it's totally black.
I have no sensation in my hands, I don't know if I'm moving or what, I'm just in this little box.
He said I could talk to you, he said you'd know what to do if you wanted to help me.
Oh, good, happy being Wellman. I promise I'll pay you all the royalties that I didn't tell you about.
And whatever you want, I mean anything.
Tevis, you can have Tevis, just get me out of this box, Wellman.
Please, no, no, don't believe what Paul told you, it's all a lie, it's all a lie.
Whatever I did, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, let me out of the box, Wellman.
I can't, this is a bad show, Wellman.
This is a real bad show.
Hour of Slack, sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
The Subgenius Hour of Slack that you are about to listen to is specially designed only to be made on radio stations and only in the city of...
Take one.
Take one!
I don't want to take one.
Perfect, that's all we need, it's a wrap.
Strike the set, boys.
And take it all down now.

Thank you.
One particular point, it was over-pertulating on me and so I turned the master switch down.
For am I not the switch turner?
Are you not the switch master?
And is it not your razor blade which whips into the flesh of those delicate buttocks?

As you say.
Sing like the primal monkeys do.
I'm liberated.
I'm liberated.
His eyes are red.
Look at the color of blood.
Look at the changes.
The carnal ape.
Filled with all the hate.
From now on, every subgenius bat shall play Sympathy for the Devil in front of a giant dog's head painted by Jesus.
It's only three chords.
Don't cry.
Okay, cry.
Don't cry.
Okay.
This is secret puzzling evidence.
That's right.
Once again, secretly famous here on Paleolithio treatment coming up for those of you who really want it.
And look for the big black tube around you.
Please.
Please.
Those primitive peasants didn't believe our story.
But they believed it when the mushroom cloud blasted them off the island.
And we've got to ask you about that.
By the time I got to Dotstock, I asked him, why are you alive?
Oh!
Hold on to the phone.
Okay, they're a great bar.
Ah!
Ah!
I'm scared of the way that caller.
Come on, guys.
Let's drive down Shattuck Avenue real fast.
This station's hard to steer.
Check orange light sequence two.
Yeah, well.
At least.
At least out here in space where we don't talk about nothing.
There's lots of continuity.
Check emergency override switch.
Oh.
More.
More book.
More book.
You are absolutely amazed.
Yeah, I know.
Want some more book?
I don't know.
It's got some nice big fat places you can just blast your fist right into it.
Kill it!
Run!
Oh, actually.
Confucius.
The mustache longer, though.
Confucius is the one that screwed it up for everybody.
Confucius.
Confucius was the man who changed a thousand years of Chinese patriarchy and started making
women equal.
And that was the beginning of the witch's conspiracy, friends, that now has infiltrated
even, yes, the church of the subgenius.
Wanna hear more about the witch's conspiracy?
Confucius allows you right now to the following address.
Someday, uh, anti-world government of pagans will have stadiums full of Satanists.
Watching while Christians are beheaded by the thousands to the beat of songs like Sympathy
for the Devil by the Rolling Stones or Atlantis by Donovan.
And the dance is about to begin.
And there's the orchestra right over there.
They're all wearing red as well.
And that place looks literally aflame with that.
The guillotines are falling to the beat of Sympathy for the Devil.
And these are very, very not only normal, but these are very high-tech guillotines,
says Lord Francois Guillotine.
The beast 999.
The guillotine, call them the guillotine themselves, are capable of not only cutting through vast
amounts of very, very conical tissues, but also replacing themselves with the old onions
we have right here.
Friends, I have seen a satanic mixing, mixing and chopping so many of their muscles.
I have seen a thing so beyond satanic that it looks like a jack-chick comic gone berserk.
I just got back from the Burning Man festival, where the...
Oh, we're wrong.
We're naked devil demon women and werewolf spider bug men cavorted beneath the gibbering
moon of Gavrus, a shabrin, an evil, a rising burning flames of love and ecstasy and a whole
lot of pot smoke and beer, beer running like clear pee across the plight of the world.




I have seen a man in a black desert floor flooding the desert with the urine of the sinners
and the cavorting demon devil werewolf spider girls.
What the hell are you talking about?
I just came back from Burning Man.
Have you heard of that famous festival?
All I heard about was werewolves cavorting with, you know, barnacle candles and so forth.
I like, you know, just the power of this thing.
Oh, yes, my friends.
My friends.

I have companions at Burning Man.
Dr. Philodrumon, Ranger Philodrumon, Dr. Ray Hay, Dr. Howell, and puzzling evidence,
also known as Ranger Coyote friends.
We would cruise the playa on the motorized living room of St. Pepper Mouser.
Literally a living room on wheels with a bar and a bartender and a stewardess and beautiful
babes and a cranking stereo heard in the background.
And on this mighty machine, we would ride across that desert looking at the weirdest
artworks and human beings in God's great history.
You get longer past these sound installations and sex installations and hell installations.
And you get to the end of the world.
You get to the end of the world.



Friends, it's difficult to impart the pure surrealism that one felt strolling across
the desert floor.
Looking at the scene, it was like a cross between Fellini's satyricon, a Salvador Dali
painting, and some weird old Betty Boop cartoon come to life.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.



Man, we've met many highmukk emochs.
We, we raised Jesus giant dog's head on a ninety nine foot scaffold to compete with
that.
That, that cantronic burning man.
We projected that metal dog's head by why ask why on the hugest shadow screen any human
being has ever seen.
And-
He doesn't come out with a traversing body.
Me?
What?
And friends, I stayed up all night long cranking with them kids.
I put them kids to bed, didn't I?
Man, I was raving with those youngsters till sun up on the playa.
They were there.
After they burned the man and after they did the giant opera of naked babes
and the giant thing going into the giant hole.
A giant thing went into a giant hole?
Showing all the...
I wanted to be a part of something like that for so long, Dr. Jerry.
Love it on the playa.
I was still out there, jump banging back and forth like an old chimpanzee listening to...
Like an old private policeman hired by some neo-fascist state.
Like the Ernie Kovacs.
We were free of the corporate...
State for one week.
But you were not free of the corporate stench which had lingered.
Sort of.
The man was there.
There was the burning man.
There was the man-man.
And then there was...
You could see the man.
There's my man.
You could check out...
The man was there, though.
I mean, fleeting glimpses of the old trench coat behind the non-existent booth.
Puzzling evidence.
Was the man.
And he was...
Yes, he was.
He was Ranger Coyote.
And he would drive up in his cop car with his cop out...
Ranger...
You know, Black Rock Ranger.
With the action rockets strapped to the roof.
And he'd go,
Hey, do you have a license for that art car that's blowing fire out the front?
Uh, where's that string?
Is that string up his ass?
Oh.
With a smile.
See, all the guys...
This is the big thing, folks.
If you're in California, Nevada, you must have a transvestite sort of cachet to your uniform.
Or slip or put pink stuff on your little...
I've noticed that that's a real big deal.
Yeah.
That's a show.
What a man you are.
Two years ago, it was flame twirling, which, of course, the...
Oh.
They're still doing.
Yeah.
Two years before that, it was piercing.
And two years before that, it was...
Bob.
Tattooing.
Tattooing.
Was.
Before that.
And now, see, I'm hoping that we get into, you know, cut strips, weave the skin like
you would leather.
Nice.
So then that will heal, and you'll have, like, this strange mosaic.
I mean, I think body modification really has to step into that kind of serious venue now.
Hey, man, whatever happened to just the plain old broomstick up the ass?
Yeah.
The old...
Whatever happened to...
I still like it.
Hurry up, Team Ranger.
Yeah, where you going, Ranger?
Like in ancient times, when we traveled the land, through deep bush forest and hot dry
sand.
Oh.
Burning Man.
Oh, it was so love-filled and ecstasy-filled, so to speak.
Friends, and call me Burt Man.
I am Burt Man.
Have we attained such heights?
What?
I can't hear you, lady.
Could you speak up?
I said no, I'm not.
Do you have a girlfriend?
There were cops.
There were...
Understand this.
Some cops.
We didn't bring you down here to compare notes.
You're a...
You're a subjeet.
Understand.
Understand.
Understand this.
Jesus is Lord!
Jesus is Lord!
Jesus is Lord!
It's not fun anymore.
I don't want to go.
I don't want to go home.
It's dusty and hot.
Are we there yet?
My friends came, but they're not really fun.
You'll see them in this tape.
They're stupid.
I just want to go to Ranger Heaven and talk on the radio all the time, see important things
like, the man will burn without you, the plier is closed.
Which I said today, and the guy said, really?
And he started to pack up his stuff.
I said, Burt, stay.
Burt, stay.
I'll let you stay.
Everybody else has to leave.
Because I'm the Ranger.
I'm your mom.
We do what your mom's supposed to do.
But she's not here.
Report him to the nearest real ranger you can find.
Or just ignore him and go about your business.
That's all from me, Ken Hummel.
Enjoy yourself.
Are you a real ranger?
Little baby Burt.
No.
I'm a bad ranger.
I'm going to start a renegade organization next year.
The Bad Rangers.
The Black Rock.
I'm going to start a renegade organization next year.









Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh.
Oh my God.

Friends, if you can imagine the sight of gigantic propane cannons looking, literally looking
like atom bombs going off in the night in the desert as we stood from the crow's nest
of the motorized living room looking at 30,000 people wearing those neon green Siloom light
sticks around their necks.
Yes, yes, yes, friends.
I would wake up in the morning in our RV and look outside and look around at the sights.
I'll be right here.
And I would think, how long have I been asleep?
A thousand years?
Is this the future or the past?
I'll be right here.
Oh, I am.
Death, you've been asleep.








You could only see what these eyes have seen.
It looks like you, yeah, there are no eyes.
It looks like your pupils are like this, like translucent orbs and stuff.
I bet they are.
I'm still, I have not yet repaired my cameras, nor my eyeballs and mind.
Did you make sure to shave the sphincter muscle the way dad taught his son?
God, this has been such a fine year.
Did you shave it the way that mom and I both instructed you back when you were a little
teeny boy?
X, X, X, X, day, and day.

I'm finally Burning Man and we get to do it all again next year.
Until the world ends.
And friends, this is a hell of a party as the world draws to a close in the year 2001.
And God darn heck it, they know how to party out there at that Burning Man thing.
It, it, it's kind of expensive.
How many does it cost for one human unit?
200 souls.
100 souls per squad, mom.
To get to burn your soul.
But we're going to start our own rival RV.
We're going to start our own rival RV.
We're going to start our own rival RV.
Uh, uh, uh.
We're going to get right to the point.
Rivalry.
We're going to get right out there a week earlier, before Burning Man, out on the Black
Rock Desert, we will start holding a new festival called Naked Woman.
Well, no, that was not the funny one, which has been blotted out of existence, which I
thought of many, many times before.
And now it's just totally gone.
So I'm going to leave it there as a painful, painful lack of memory.
Just leave it out there on the desert.
A pile of ash that has to be cleaned up.
It might have been Drowning Woman, but I think it could never be so specious an orgon.
The Overmen and Bob Dobbs were there.
Friends, friends, I return from Burning Man with renewed optimism for the fate of humanity,
as well as a reinforced faith that our X-Day Drill events are kind of on the right track.
Uh, uh, uh.
There were so many similarities, friends.
They had 30,000 people.
We have 300.
They burn a giant wooden man and other giant artworks, and we burn a life-size Bob or some
person on a cross with all our credit cards and family Bibles and things.
They have like a mutant fashion show narrated by Dr. Howell, and we have our mutant prom
and fetish ball, uh, narrated by...
Nicky and Popus Lilith.
They have a naked slip and slide, and so do we.
They have a naked blood opera.
A blood opera, my friends, with 100 beautiful naked fire chicks, and we have naked blood
wrestling with 10 naked fire chicks.
But, uh, if we've got 30...
They've got...
We've got 30, um, art rockets.
They've got 30 art cars.
Uh, they have burning hot days and freezing cold nights.
And so do we, dear friends.
They have dust storms and rain storms, and we have tornadoes and rain storms.
They have 200 state troopers, and we have one state trooper, and so forth and so on,
friends.
But, and while only 10% of their people are subgeniuses, at X Day, 100% are subgeniuses.
And friends from atop...

What?
It's Doctors.
It's Doctors.
We're Doctors.
We're Doctors for Bob.
Friends, there were Doctors everywhere.
It was like a...
It was where...
It was like so many unsaved subgeni, and yet many were saved.
All the way in and all the way out is alien sex, baby.
There was a live, open, open, uh, sexual bonoboisticism of, uh, of an amazing kind, friends.
You people have a permit for all this?
I don't.
I don't.
















I don't.

Frilliness.
Let me see your frill permit.
So, we just passed what?
Five o'clock and sex drive.
So, I want to know, if something comes up on our radio net about the, the, the sheriff
going crazy at five o'clock and sex drive.
We have the evidence.
We have seen it.
Seen him standing there.
We saw the beginning of the incident.
We're just going to go to the central campus because I get free coffee or tai chi or tea
or any of that stuff.
Like, like any cop, you know, gets the coffee.





goes exactly exactly you know what happened this morning at about 8 30 i was in central camp
drinking coffee and a guy came in with 20 boxes of glazed donuts chocolate donuts powdered donuts
and all of us your officer friendly and i felt man all i need now is a little nightstick
and a little gun and a little siren on my hat
hippie shaving camp that's a they've got a lot of business hippie shaving camp who's shaving
goddamn hippies this is any person's shower unit puzzling evidence was up and philo drummond were
policemen at burning man that's the kind of city black rock city becomes like brigadoon once a year
this land brings the land of the dead
lightly magic and come behind the tent and tight and for everyone here there's a corresponding like
for instance there there was a lonely cow person david get out of here and and a charles of a
charles smith and there was alternate semi-connected characters which you can't fit
into your mind still because you're more curious about the famous band get off of it driven
a church of of dawn and so forth it was like a perfect that everything that we
We do in our bizarre cultish things.
They do, only they do it jacked up times a thousand.
Perhaps your own anti-world.
So if we have ten beautiful naked babes wrestling at X-Day,
they have ten thousand naked babes juggling fire at Burning Man.
Oh, man, we just can't compete.
If we've got one motorized art car that looks like something out of Road Warrior,
they've got a fleet of them.
And it's every rich yuppie dot communist in San Francisco.
Mr. McBoing Boing, why don't we, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt you,
but why can't we do something like this just on the spur of a moment?
We can't.
It's the situation.
You can't do it in your backyard.
And the police will come and kill you.
That's the only drawback because of the conspiracy of the normal people.
Well, we have to learn to work around living in a police state.
We have to learn to enjoy it.
Perhaps there's some motives.
Perhaps.
Perhaps some avenue or venue.
Well, we have to have our own police and our own state.
And they must be fully accredited so the real police don't come and bother us.
Good luck.
And they must be also highly armed in case the real police really come.
And then they must, well.
Well, if you build your own Amsterdam, they come and put you in jail.
If you build your own ship, it will probably explode on the launch pad,
knowing the people we're talking about.
If you build your own famous hero sandwich,
you're going to be a rich mongrel and a policeman forever.
I mean, just think about all the policemen we've stirred into the mix tonight.
If you'll just do the one thing the conspiracy wants you to do,
then you can be a millionaire.
All you have to do is give up.
Just give up.
Just give up and face, you know, be practical.
Be practical.
Get a, you know, get the right kind.
Work your way up in the company.
And actually, you know, there's nothing wrong with working your way up in the company.
If you can learn to.
What company?
Kiss the art, the fine art, the zen-like art of butt kissing.
What company do you?
Without actually.
Have you been in the company of spirits?
Sooner or later, they will defecate on your face.
We're all brothers in a perfect world.
In a perfect world.
And it's you, not the former D.
So the district supervisor calls me in and puts the old white schmaltz down on me.
And I will.
I will go back to the office, to the meeting.
The meeting of the other new and potentially significant contributors to the corporal world of communications.
And the psychological world of how to get ahead by.
Kissing butt.
Butt.
By not actually letting the lips of the kisser.
Kisser.
Touch the butt of the kissy.
Yes.
By providing the illusion.
That the actual kisser's lips are indeed.
Kissing and touching.
I mean, the molecules themselves are one.
On the point of contact with the kissy's butt.
But.
But.
In this case.
Hmm.
We have found out to get ahead.
Ahead ahead.
In the corporate world.
By only using the established norms of success climbing up the ladder.
And how to use those norms.
As a, shall we say, skeleton?
Of whose bones you.
One in that position would act as if they were a ladder or some type of stairway.
Yes.
And advancing up those bones.
Causing the illusion.
To all other.
Uh.
Entities involved in the corporate climb.
That the feet are actually touching the bones.
And the lips are actually touching the butt.
But we both know now that.
That does not necessarily ring true for.
A, oh say, a subgenius in that position.
And uh.
For those people we have found that the best way is to.
Give the illusion.
The zen.
So to speak.
Or per se.
Of uh.
Butt kissing.
And uh.
By doing so.
One can derive.
Said.
Benefits.
From.
Such action.
That one who.
In all sincerity was following that path.
With uh.
The utmost.
Uh.
Sincerity.
Uh.
To use that word again.
That one who.








Is.


And uh.
By doing so.
Fall into the trap.
Pfft.
Yes.
By.
Following the illusion.
Conversely.
One can.
Avoid the trap.
But reap the benefits.
Ha ha.
And so my.
This concludes.
Our topic.
Of the zen of.
Butt kissing.
Corporate climbing.








Corporate style.
We're all brothers in a perfect world.
In a perfect world there's continuity.
We're all brothers in a perfect world.
There's no need for spontaneity.
Perfect system.
We're all brothers to the end.
Why?
Humanity is my evil enemy.
Why?
Cause it's not worth saving.
Woo.
Woo.
Woo.
Woo.















Hey this is oyster everyone.
Welcome to the pararabidиваетza.org.
Join our new bajra show for maximum transparency.
You know it's routine.
We got the real jai
benefit.
You know what?
Faster.
Chemical Cop Out
I scored this after you
Wow
Chemical Cop Out
Christmas is the hunger
In the seven house on the soulless gym
Crystal twilight
To turn the army psychedelic super kick
Chemical Cop Out
Lives inside a neon light
We're high by liquid motion
Paint a hazy sky
Weon can't be a public ayud
Can't be a cop
We can't be a part in a resist
Where young deviants
Ahh seen as a arab
Yea you saw it

Ever since I was seven
In the swamp
As service
Maybe at my detto
I hate bagpipes
Cool.
Yeehaw!
I bet they're fake rednecks.
I bet they're not even real rednecks.
Get out of the way!
People out here, they don't have any respect for road rules.
Look at that guy, he's broke.
Road rage.
Just stop.
Yeah.
You guys think it's his Ranger yelling at him.
I don't know, should I do something?
I'm pulling your bike license.
There's something happening here.
You don't know what it is Mr. Harvey.
You can't control it because it's too huge now.
Going too fast and the state's going to smoosh your little parade permit.
We're going to be interviewed on the show.
This is the famous Ivan Stantz who started Church of the Sub-Divine.
And this is the famous Philo's brother.
That helped us.
I started the Church of the Sub-Divine.
This guy actually started it, yeah.
Oh you did?
Yeah.
You're the one responsible.
Yeah, I'm the one that ripped off these, both of them.
Yeah, I gave them the idea.
Yeah, where's my money?
Jayner's got it.
Where's my money?
Jayner's got your money, man.
I am home.
I am home.
Ahhhhh!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
There's been no plutonium released on this site.
Please step away from the bicycle.
Everybody, everybody, at least a few meters back, please.
Entree 21.
Entree 21.
At 40, you need to step away from the bike for about a few meters.
At 40, you need to step away from the bike for about a few meters.
Now, Ed Strange was another person I was thinking, should be at Burning Man every year, because
it's like a thousand Ed Stranges running around, making insane fake weapons out of household
items.
Okay, now why?
Okay, now why?
kind of racist organization you're running anyway.
Well, speaking of frequency, when was the last time you defecated in the burning house?
Oh, wait a minute.
You're out in the middle of the Black Rock Desert burning a 150-foot effigy of a white
man.
I'd expect that from a bunch of young punks out there, but you're old enough to remember
the segregation days of the 60s when white people were forced to sit at the front of
the bus.
There's nothing better than having someone stick a screwdriver right in your frontal
lobes and twisting it very, very hard until they actually sweat in the armpits.
I think you probably could explain loads and loads and other volumes over that.
Come on.
Come on, fess up.
I saw a whole lot of colored people at Burning Man.
They were like blue, green, purple, scientific silver, you know, orange, blue, purple.
If at X Day we have a parade of, you know, 40...
I got those Norwegian beauties.
I got purple.
I got black.
I got blue.
I got purple.
I got orange.
I got...
Breast-a-sages.
At Burning Man, there was a parade of, like, literally a thousand breast-a-gages.
Breast-a-gages of our life.
I mean...
Dr. Tom, I told you.
What are they doing?
She's not going to make it through the X-Rays.
Why are they making more money than the Church of the Subgenius?
Look, Bill, I didn't want to give her an exorgasm in the first place.
An exorgasm is expensive, Thyssen.
We can't afford exorgasms for every woman that thinks that she's possessed by Thorns.
The Church of the Subgenius.
We'd probably make more money if it wasn't, frankly, filled with subgeniuses.
Well, then...
Frankly filled with subgeniuses?
You know, but that was a problem at one time the Mormons had, the Scientologists.
And look at them now.
They're visible.
We're invisible.
We're invisible.
We have to get the master of the fine art of making them work for us.
Yeah.
Right now, it's just us working for us.
Think of the wild rat party before we were terrible employees.
You know, think of the blues projects we used to invent before we passed out.
Doing the numbers, as they used to say.
I'm going to go flip the brain.
Stan, you don't need to flip the brain.
Come back here.
He's going away.
He's mad now.
A bunch of dogs.
He was talking about Burning Man, and he thought I was interrupting him.
Right, Chaz?
That it was personally my fault.
It's all your fault, Dave.
I thought it was a spud gun up his ass.
Well, you know, you didn't have to stick that thing up there so early.
There it be.
The fortress.
The flying Dutchman.
We'll get there.
It appears.
Sometimes in a different place on Earth.
I stag the treasures there.
If you be man enough to find it, argh.
So you believe those primitive superstitions about a treasure?
Yeah, sure, there's a treasure there.
We don't need no thinking back.
A castle of the desert, indeed.
A hallucination, a mirage.
I got a treasure right there.
I'll give it to you.
It looks like a castle in the distance.
It looks like some sort of structure.
It's a real castle with real treasure.
But nobody builds anything like that.
It's a piece of shit.
Come on, let's go find it.

Look, we're traveling through an absolute whiteout.
It's sheer blankness in front of us.
It's sheer blankness.
And I've been in caravans where all you can see...
I tell you.
I tell you.
All you can see is like a vague shape of a car in front of you.
That's the last thing you see.
Look at those people.
We could kill them.
Nobody would even know.
We didn't mean to.
We couldn't save them.
Seatbelt in!
Seatbelt in!
Seatbelt in!
All over your windows!
All the windows up!
What's with this dust?
What's with the dust in all of your windows?
I'm getting dust in my eyes!
I want to go home!
Extinguish the window!
Whimps.
Whimps.
Extinguish your mirror!
There was a lot of dust and there was a lot of breasted edge.
Everybody in California has to put edge on the end of everything.
So it's like...
Man, I'm really feeling my road rage-age today.
Everywhere you went there was this wind and this dust.
And there were so many things that could break your camera or your brain.
Like dryness or LSD breath or sun spots or the giant lasers that covered the sky at night, friends.
Lasers a mile long.
The weird vibes could break your camera.
The Cyalume light stick radiation could break your camera.
The micro waves from the spy satellites photographing all the nakedity from above could get to you.
The dehydration could get to you.
You'd be choking on this dust and dealing with the wind and everything.
But there were good sides to that too.
By the same token, you could fart freely!
The wind was blowing so high that no matter what kind of a crowd you were in, it didn't matter.
Nobody was going to pick up on it.
I know you're into like real odd rare delicacies.
Have you ever like sampled bear crotch?
Uh...
I don't know.
That reminds me of some of the things I saw at that strange festival.
Each one does a different thing.
Each one does a different thing.
You know, bears and other large mammals sometimes have a bone in their reproductive organ.
And their pancreatic solutions are good for your hair.
Where humans don't.
And like subgenius animals.

The bear has a bone.
Right.
I wouldn't call them humans.
But it's not a real bone.
It's more like a near cartilage, Dr. Fuzzby used to say.
The near cartilage of the subgenius phallus is very, very engorged now.
And can replicate an entire race in one fell swoop.
Under subgenius orgasm is like a cross between a violent sneeze and a balloon popping.
A multigasm, as some have called it at the institute in Vienna.
We have also taken extra care to mess with these multigasms.
And poking a little needle here and a little needle there to make them more exciting.
Strange.
They had an actual functioning thunder dome at Burning Man.
Where mighty men hang.
And women.
Great big giantess women, what I saw.
There's nothing right here than a mighty woman.
Hanging from bungee cords with giant bats beating on each other while Norwegian death rock band music is played.
I mean it wasn't all peace and love.
There was death and destruction.
Art cars that blow fire battling each other in the desert.
It was like the grooviness of a thousand twisted chemical inverse mania.
When it comes to grace and beauty.
A silent dark of a siren that beat the soul rotating plane.
Stranger than object in edge.
The reamer comes bound to chain.
Chemical compound lives inside a neon light.
Where half a liquid motion paints a hazel sky.
Chemical compound.
Just a chemical compound.
Boss man.
Ooh yeah.
Chemical compound.
Just a chemical compound.
A silent dark of a siren that beat the soul rotating plane.
Tranquilizer flower junket.
Lost in a turn-laced domain.
Chemical compound lives inside a neon light.
Where half a liquid motion paints a hazel sky.
Chemical compound.
Just a chemical compound.
Boss man.
Ooh yeah.
Chemical compound.
Just a chemical compound.
Friends, I met so many wonderful subgeniuses that we had never encountered before out there.
The giant dobbs heads we were toting around lured them.
Bob himself was always one jump ahead of us.
We could never catch up to him.
But, uh, God, there were some scroogeous, there were real superheroes, friends.
Real superheroes.
My new hero, Megavolt, would drive through the crowds on top of this gigantic truck,
which was mounted, it was mounted with huge Van der Graaf generators that must have been pounding thousands of billions of megavolts through him.
Oh, here comes Megavolt's truck coming around the bend now.
Listen to those incredible discharges of electricity.
This guy would stand inside of a suit, a thick space suit, holding things like, people would pass up to him VCRs and TVs, and he would hold them up to these incredible voltages, and, and, and, you'd watch the shrieking electricity rip through the, uh, the objects of the man.
There he is.
Rocky Megavolt is coming through.
Megavolt is a real hero.
The mutants are among us, my friends.
Thank you.
Please speak to us.
Megavolt, Megavolt, make way for the treasured airframe.
Get fully charged!
Megavolt, my friends, beware!
All criminals and pink boys for Megavolt will come and get you!
Get charged!
Megavolt, Megavolt is all powerful.
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Oh, friends, oh, friends, oh, friends, you can't imagine.
Mark Farrell!
Mark Farrell!
Don't you want?
You want?
You go turn their damn cult, then.
Quit and leave!
You know, you know, well, what we've got to do...
I'm tired of hearing you whine about how much better the other guy is.
No, no, it's not that.
Actually, we, Bob Dobbs and Bob's called ministers made a hell of a showing, and I couldn't sell
too, save too many souls, because it seemed like every other person there knew who Bob
was.
He was going to make us wait until after D, where we were supposed to pick up a third
bunch of princesses, so we were not going to be here.
We were going to be here until after D, where we were supposed to pick up a third bunch

Once again, yeah, I'll tell you what, we need to just lead a huge caravan of our kind in there to show those people how to do it all night.
Because most of them, hell, I'm a 49,000 year old man and I outlasted most of them bum kids.
It's a flashback.
It's like we've gained some knowledge.
It's how to build big, stupid things.
Which, of course, Burning Man is all about.
Building big, stupid things.
I was scrapping around San Francisco and light a man on fire.
It was no more meditative than that.
It's a flashback.
We're going right for the top.
It's been a total puzzle.

Just a total puzzle.
Yes, baby, and we're on the mobile living room.
You could even be on TV.
This guy named...
Chuck Serino has this amazing playa theater television whereby you could...
He could make a show in the daytime and project it on a giant theater at night.
And the show was made on the back of the motorized living room.
At least the interview with...
You're extremely revered.
I would say Dr. Philodrum and Ray Hay, which happened...
Welcome to camera.
Talk show, camp show.
The year is 2000.
We're at Black Rock City.
What a great show.
What a great day.
He's up there.
What a great day.
What a fine, fine day.
And what a fine, fine studio.
You see, has anyone seen this man?
That's the main reason...
Oh, look at Bob.
Look at him.
Is that Bob?
Has anyone seen this?
Have you seen him?
We're sure that Bob Dobbs is at Burning Man.
Bob?
Really?
He's definitely at Burning Man.
Since Bob can't be with...
physically, I think we need to channel him.
I think you're right.
We'll have to wait a little while.
Father, do you need some...
Friends, here's the problem.
You got people who are always going,
well, I want to hear Bob talk.
I want to see what the hell's going on with Bob.
I want to lean on Bob.
I want Bob to be my crutch.
My friend, this is not the crutch of the sub-division.
If you are going to be some kind of...
You're supposed to be Bob's crutch.
You don't ask what goes in Bob's crutch.
You don't be asking what Bob's smoking in his...
You throw yourself into Bob's pipe, damn it!
Don't let him smoke you!
Let Bob smoke you!
And then you'll understand!
I can feel...
I can feel the magic.
They'll find me when they pry me out of my cold dead finger!
Ivan!
Ivan!
I understand you brought a...
Hey!
What makes you scream like that?
We're going to roll that grip!
Good.
That's the way we've always operated this church.
Not that we ever let anybody rip us off.
Get your hand away from the gun.
By God, you know, by Jesus Christ,
and I spend half our time pursuing trademark violations these days.
People who would steal the visage of Bob
and use it for filthy lucre
and the pursuit of mammon.
His head was changing now, too.
The evil, filthy money
that doesn't go in Bob's wallet.
Or mine.
Or the church's.
People like me.
God darn it.
You know, that was one other thing
that was kind of communistic
about that Burning Man thing.
They allow no vending,
no selling,
no money at all.
Only barter.
It's like barter town in that Thunderdome.
Can you get anything you want there?
And they call it.
They can call it.
Money?
Number nine?
Can you get anything you want?
Anything you want there?
Turn me on, Deadman.
I very bad.
Oh, Bob is dead.
We smell sausage.
Do you dread your grandfather?
Do you dread your grandfather?
We smell bad.
It's all slimy.
Bad, bland, and silly.
Stan, do you dread your grandfather?
Huh?
Do you dread your grandfather?
I do dread my grandfather.
In a sort of number nine-ish way.
Yeah.
pessoas com a minh.
We're not going to let him meet another parfait ngày,
because when termР
the signet Mobile
are the time you sit down


with Asmaca.
God as a man,
to get your her human trying to to get
aordon-cowsel ring.
You can buy my rap track.
Is that all right?
10 or 14 minutes or something to get a-
ultimately a pattern of wiggles.
Wiggles of nothingness, or
of
four
comprehensible dimensions
and six really
completely insane ones.
I'm glad to hear you made that trip out there to the desert.
Oh, yes,
dear friends, it was slack, slack,
slack.
Just wandering around
with dragging my jaw
on the ground, you might say.
Staring at the
strange sights
around. I was out in the middle of
the dryness in the desert when
this amazing caravan
comes pulling up
covered with mermaids
and hauling behind it
this
I can't, it's hard to describe, but it was like
a clear plastic
suit filled with
water in which was suspended
a floating man
and
and that's when I heard this voice
come up through the desert
broadcast from this caravan.
And you need to embrace the wetness
and embrace the moisture while there is still time
before the dryness has time to take you over entirely
and leave you a pile of powder
blowing in the desert wind.
Waterboy can kill you.
Waterboy can save you.
Waterboy can moisten you to your core.
Live wet or die!
You don't need to be afraid of Waterboy.
Waterboy is a friendly needy.
He surrounds himself with beautiful mermaids.
Waterboy is extremely well hugged and totally voiced.
Waterboy has come to wet you down.
Waterboy has come to boicing you up.
Embrace the wetness and denounce the dryness
and Waterboy has
Embrace the moisture!
Run out to a dryway!
I'm pretty sure that was
Penn Jillette, friends of Penn and Teller.
Don't you think? Listen back to that type of news!
Don't you tell me you don't think that was...
And I got into a conversation with Jack Webb, friends.
There was a place called The Web Site.
Uh...
Which was, uh...
It had this model, sort of a life-size Jack Webb.
And it spoke to you.
It was interactive.
I think it had a brain somewhere that would relate to you.
And I got in kind of an argument with it.
We weren't talking about marijuana.
We still are.
Marijuana is the flame.
Heroin is the fuse.
LSD is the bomb.
Isn't that a subjective judgment, Jack?
You're a loser.
LSD is the bomb.
Let's talk about last night.
Oh, I mean, not in front of everybody here.
Come on, Jack.
Maybe you'd like to tell us now what really happened last night.
Jack?
You don't want everybody else to...
I mean, come on.
It was great, but...
I mean, it's not something to talk about.
This time I want the truth.
Okay, okay, it was great, Jack.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, fuck, man.
Did you go and repair a car for a woman by the name of Maria Aruba?
Look, Maria's my...
She's cool, okay?
Maria's...
She didn't have anything to do with it.
Is that so?
Go ahead.
Arrest me.
Take me in.
I don't want to talk about it.
I don't want to tell what she...
All right, son.
What is it?
Speed?
Bennis?
What are you on?
Bennis.
All right, son.
What is it?
Speed?
Bennis?
What are you on?
And mace.
Is that why your boyfriend needed money?
To support your health?
Clorox.
And some...
A little bit of acid and some downers and some...
Is that right?
Say mace and PCP, angel dust.
Muggles, boo.
Is that right?
Sure, man.
Hey, come on, dude.
Get with it.
So, Jack, you're going to be a cop?






I'm going to turn you on in the grass in the pilt.
Bob, man.
Bob turned me on, dude.
You're a liar.
No, man.
Bob is the truth.
Bob...
Bob...
Well, Bob wants you.
God loves you, Jack, but Bob wants you.
You're a liar.
But it's not all reality of mine, Jack.
But with marijuana, the whole purpose is to get so high you don't know who or what you
are.
Son, no matter how you slice that, that's dangerous.
Praise Bob!
You're a liar.
I plead insanity, sir.
It's in...
I only know one last question.
I want you to think carefully about what I'm gonna ask you now.
Yes sir.
I want you to think carefully about what I'm gonna ask you now.
Yes sir.
Yes.
Okay.
Have you ever cop blazed up before?
Cop flazed up before.
Cop blazed up, cop blazed up before.
My dad was a cop, too.

So, I'm going to call you Jack.

Let's quit for the night, I'm getting bored.
Can't beat me, I don't scream.
See you later.
Frank's bald.
See you later.
Watch out!
I'm not here to give you reasons to leave Burning Man, no.
I'm here to give you reasons to stay.
Like for instance, here at Burning Man all the Altoids are pungent and refreshing
and certainly not dosed with a potent blend of lysergic acid diethylamide mixed with elephant tranquilizer and methamphetamine.
How preposterous.
Why if such a thing were true, hundreds if not thousands of you would have already ingested that brain-frying narcotic cocktail.
Any minute you might freak out, choke on your own tongues or even fall into a coma.
And no one falls into a coma at Burning Man.
Another good reason to stay here at Burning Man is that all the new people with whom you're having sex are guaranteed to be 100% STD free.
STD stands for sexually transmitted disease and those vivid oozing blisters speckling your groin right now can't possibly be one of those.
It must be heat rash.
Nope, there's nothing to worry about.
Hey, why not get some coffee over at the cafe?
It's piping hot and totally free of ground glass and feces.
And hey, while you're wandering around with that coffee don't forget to look up and appreciate those fabulous lasers overhead.
Isn't it great that they aren't deadly and that Larry Harvey isn't planning to suddenly train them on every major theme camp in Black Rock Valley?
Neatly severing people's heads at the neck and leaving their lifeless torsos to twitch and spill blood into the plier.
I think so.
So forget about the boy or girlfriend you left back home.
The one who's cheating with a mailman right now.
Forget about pointless conveniences like air conditioning, clean toilets, fresh sushi and laundered underwear.
Forget about the co-worker who's putting in overtime to ensure that he gets the promotion and you get the sack.
It all pales in comparison to the risk-free fun at Burning Man.
Doesn't it?
Yeah.
This has been Tokyo Recup with the transmission.
Disappear and bring the concealed antibiotics of your own physical body.
...consistency of feature.
We can carve off chunks of you for a snack with those log pipes and the alligator...
You know, I saw an old... you'd see old naked people that look like they've been in the sun their whole lives.
Like old chimpanzees. Naked old chimpanzees wandering...
...in the armpits.
...flat-jawed across the desert...
Hanging a mirror around everything.
...near the old skullcappy.
Oh, I know what you're... I know what you mean.
...and this one's kind of moist and...
I'm working on it. I will become...
...spinning its tongue...
...primoanthropocus.
...the bottle of bottle of bottle of bottle of...
The pre-man. The pure yeti.
...the fine yeti.
That's why you go out into the desert to purge yourself and pee clear.
I must purge myself.
I think about it. There is no...
...snack with a little weasel around...
...or human adaptation that's more useful than in, like, shoe leather.
Shoes? What do shoes have to do with this?
There are some iguana humanoids out there, but there were so many purdy...
...Purdy iguanas.
...Purdy... There weren't... Actually, there was too many of those skinny types, but it...
But...
They're real skinny, like, apid vapid fairy, you know, hippie types.
Oh, the kind, like...
With more hair than physical rest.
...beautiful naked MTV babes.
Oh, none of those large, juggy women, though, right?
Oh, conspiracy, you know, playboy-looking...
No? Yes? No?
I have no... I use... I know nothing of these...
I think a certain amount of...
...supermodels...
...flashing... not flashing...
...you kind of shame...
...fecundity is in order. I'm not...
...or ugly.
...I'm not one of those big boy women myself.
Yeah, but...
...but I think a woman should have some...
No, they're not all going to have to do...
...to die.
...fecund things going on.
Not those who have joined up with the men and women of Bob.
Oh, the minnows of Darth.
Okay.
I'm with you.
Darth?
Oh, Darth.
Wink, wink, nudge, nudge.
You're...
Hey, Ed, I know you're losing your faith.
I know you...
...the men of...
...you're of the this-is-hell doctrine.
Ed Strange here seems to believe that...
...that he lives in the city of this.
...the reason there has been no X-Day rupture is that this is, in fact, hell.
Hell.
Well, dang.
And we've never said it wasn't.
We've been sept...
We say it every third radio show.
Every...
It's an old joke around here.
...staying.
Every third Reich we say it.
And every third Reich in world we rock it.
And it's true.
And it still keeps coming back in its same old saved monkey form.
It's like that...
But that don't mean Bob Dobbs ain't gonna save our butts.
Because he said so.
He still might.
And if you can't believe Bob, who can't believe...
There's no way in hell Bob Dobbs is going to save anything but his own stinky, slimy

What does it say in the pre-scripture is that Earth itself is not, in fact, hell.
It doesn't.
So it very well could be.
It's just like that pink elephant right in front of your face that you refuse to see.
Right, Proctor Strange.
This is hell.
You just refuse to see the flames.
And once you do, you get kind of comfortable in it.
And, Proctor Strange, can I ask you where as we walk...
I'm sitting inside in the middle of the night and I got a hell of a sun tan.
Where as we walk around in our sunlit malls and our acumen-bearing areas do we ever see
the signs that say, this is not in hell.
You're not in hell.
Come on, man.
You know it's true.
We are in hell, Stan.
See, now he...
No.
No.
We are not in hell.
Can you explain to me why every word of religion on the planet has doctored a decree that every
single pleasurable act will lead you straight to hell and what is the world filled with
decadence and pleasurable acts?
Eggs.
Obviously we are in hell.
It's filled with eggs.
Rich, moist, carbon-filled eggs.
Let me play sort of an ironical...
Ironically, they're right, but we're not going there.
We are there.
You know, it doesn't seem that hellish to me.
It does to most of us, though.
Actually, to me, Lord, I'm not going to hell.






It's like the drug war.
What?
Oh, great bringer of truth, Ray, you are lying to yourself.
It's just like the drug war.
I can't believe in the propaganda that it's supposed to be so bad.
Just like drugs are bad.
Hell is bad.
Well, I will...
I quit watching the news, so I haven't noticed any terrible disasters in, you know, no earthquakes
or wars have affected me in the slightest.
I did the same thing, doctor.
No horrible murders or crimes.
I have no idea.
I pushed my DNA.
I called the army.
I called the army.
I called the army.
I called the army.
I called the army.
I called the army.
I called the army.
I called the army.
I called the army.
I called the army.
I called the army.
I spent half of this year wandering around doing things that everybody says are illegal

Bent over a log break like a donkey while being sodomized by a hillbilly.
And everybody else around me was doing them too.
Yeah, everybody does that.
Only most of them passed out before I did.
Well, you know, sometimes you have to pass out rather than...
Because they're a bunch of amateur kids.
Well, yeah, have you ever been sodomized by one of those really, really big donkeys?
Have you ever met Bob Dobbs, my friend?
Of course.
Have you ever been initiated into bat as an apprentice over man, my friend?
What do you think of this hole in the back of my body?
Bob Dobbs could make a donkey scream out.
Take it out.
Take it out.
Oh, it's stupid.
You know I ain't all the way in you yet.
Oriental.
This is also Oriental.
Some specious Brazilian tea.
So slopey and sweet.
So mixed up.
A dog makes a donkey look like some kind of a little limp biscuit, baby.
Now, what is this cut, Charles?
Rock and roll, baby.
But what is this particular cut, Charles?
We're just playing the rock and roll.
It's rock and roll heaven, baby.
This ain't hell, it's rock and roll heaven.
What is that cut on your neck?
It's disco limbo, baby.
You've heard that before.
It seems you're too big of your dog for some type.
Oh, baby.
Oh, baby.
I want to go tonight, but I can't.
You see, I superglued my ass to the bottom of the Dodge.
And the cupboard's full of toxic waste.
I'm still crying.
Now, don't let this deter you from doing business with us again.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
You're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information on Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius,
send a self-addressed stamped envelope to...
Got your pencil ready?
Bob, post office box...
1-814-17.
1-814-17.
1-814-17.










Cleveland Heights, Ohio.
4-4-1-1-8.
That's Bob, P.O. Box.
1-814-17.
Cleveland Heights, Ohio.
4-4-1-1-8.
Stay tuned and praise Bob.
We had news in Black Rock.
Big Beach, Ohio.
Big Beach, Ohio.
Boys are pink.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!














Oh!



Oh!
Oh!


Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!



Oh!
















Boy, he's got a nasty Marais pattern.
Who is this?
Who is this?
Somebody familiar, yeah?
You know who that is?
I mean, do you recognize him at all?
No.
That's Bob Dobbs.
No, it's Bob Dobbs.
I know.
It's kind of like every white guy, a really dark-haired white guy.
It's a church these guys started in Dallas one time ago.
and see if anybody knew who he was.
Nobody cares.
No, nobody cares.
You know who this is?
No.
Do you know who that is?
No.
They know.
They just don't want to get involved with a bunch of religious nuts.
Dobbs commotion, Dobbs commotion, Dobbs commotion, Dobbs commotion, Dobbs commotion.
There's colors, man, colors.
I'm looking at you, says Bob.
Look, see, everybody's avoiding the street now because I'm holding this out.
Go disco Bob.
What is his name?
What is his name?
There's only two kinds of people in this world, those named Bob and those who wish they were
named Bob.
If you stare at it, it embeds its image on your skull, on the inside.
Wait until you see what this thing does with a flashlight light at night.
It's psychedelic as .
Why don't we do that?
I think we should do that.
We can impress all kinds of girls with what you can do with a flashlight and a
metal Dobbs head.
Good morning.
I'm living an old Betsy here.
I was just like a foul, distended pleasure beast.
Jesus, that is gorgeous.
And there's apparently like a big one, about four foot around one.
Did you make this?
Oh, yeah.
Hey, look, look, look, look.
There's some more of it, just like an old tampon of a sick old woman with tuberculosis.
Dysentery.
This is what you get for your $220.
Boogers and cigarettes.






There's some boogers that cause places that will never heal in your nose.
Or the, well, it's only cost us $200.
Philo said it would only cost us about $230.
When you pull out the handle, when you have that booger you were talking about with the
handles on it.
Yeah.
It's so big and so stiff.
And so satisfying to remove.
But when you pull it off, it pulls the skin off the wall of your face.
So if you don't want me coming after you and showing everybody that tape of you taking
a dump at Burning Man, the x-ray infrared tape that I have, you better send me a copy
like I asked you of this tape.
Or I'll have the rangers come to your house if you don't want that.
You don't want a full body cavity search by a bunch of girl.
Oh, yeah, you would.
I mean, you would.
But I'll send the boy rangers.
So you better be careful, Smith.
We're coming for you.
Okay, where's the camera?




Where's the off button?
Just saying.
I just want everybody to understand.
Larry Says.
You do it.
Which is what you'd expect from a cult.
Yep.
They would put themselves...
Those of us in the brown shirts, I mean the rangers, don't have to go to the indoctrination
brainwaaama brainwaaama brainwaaama brainwaaama brainwaaama brainwaaama brainwaaama brainwaaama
brainwaaama brainwaaama brainwaaama.
I fell in love with a girl back at that arena place.
You did?
Yeah.
I said she was perfect.
She was the...
I could tell just by looking at her that she was the perfect personality and a nice girl
too.
Just I could tell just by the way she looked.
So fresh and young and titted and butted and sort of bouncing and throbbing.
I was just like, fuck you Bob!
Fuck you Bob!
Fuck you Bob!
Fuck you Bob!
Fuck you Bob!
Fuck you Bob!
Fuck you Bob!
Fuck you Bob!






There is no more money!
We gotta get some money!
Friends, we're glad you listened to this show and we're even more glad that some listeners
have donated enough to help us keep on going.
going for another couple of months. Not just this show, but subgenius.com and all the other
archive sites. But if you truly love Bob and want some of that slack back to rebound to you,
you should go to subgenius.com front page or especially the radio page or the catalog store
pages and help out financially as best you can. Now, we know what it's like to be on the brink
of total poverty and we don't want any subgeniuses to make their own situations worse. But some of
you still have jobs. Even five bucks makes a big difference, even if it's only once a month
from enough of you. Fifty bucks makes an even bigger difference. All we're saying is that
blowjobs could go the way of Steve jobs if you don't pay Dobbs. We also take checks and money
orders to...
Subgenius Foundation. P.O. Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Thanks for anything you can do to help let there be slack.
Subgenius Foundation. P.O. Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Thanks for anything you can do to help let there be slack.
