It's my nightmare, crawling, slithering, along the edge.
It's my nightmare, crawling, slithering, along the edge of a straight razor.
Everyone be calm and just relax and be seated if you please.
Because, you see, one of the things that...
Tell me why you make the pain if we are your children.
Oh, you see, you are my children, but law is necessary.
If there is no more pain, then is there no more law?
There is always law.
I watched a snail crawl along the edge of a straight razor, crawling, slithering.
Along the edge of a straight razor and surviving.
Transmission 11, we see 68, December 30, 0500 hours.
Sector King, Zulu King.
Yes, and praise God.
Yeah!
4.30 in the morning, time for show.
Live show for you now.
...itself is an infant.
How come always scary on show, says Doug Smith of Dallas, Texas?
Well, it's actually been some time since Gary has been on the show, Doug.
We tried to get him to come in, but he always has to go out smurfing through the solar system on his wind surfboard.
His solar wind surfer is...
...a 40-year-old.


Hey, strap in.
Show's about to take off.
...about two and a half miles in width.
Oh, my God, the pilot's dead.
Oh, my God.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry hour of sloth.
As it says in Isaiah 28, 7, 8...
...the priest and the prophet...
...the prophet...

...are aired through strong drink.
They are swallowed up with wine.
They are out of the way through strong drink.
They err in vision.
They stumble in judgment.
For all tables are full of vomit and filthiness.
And there is no place clean.
Yes, we're...
...over.
Shut that door.
Put the baby up in there.
God, babies, they get into all the subgenius shows.
But we will not let the baby stop us.
We will continue the battle.
Let mortal combat begin.
Yes, praise God.
A handful of people on a wiki boat are going to save the world.
Exactly.
Oh, yes, dear friends, we're back.
You know, it's going to be a wonderful show.
Now that we have these departments and we have a format and everything.
Isn't that unbelievable?
All men and women defending your world.
It's not about death.
Life.
Hey, life.
I'm in this new studio, friends.
It's great because I don't feel guilty.
It's fun to do the show again.
Yes, it's fun, fun, fun.
And we have so many fun times and a fun format.
And we shall engage now and forever in mortal combat against God and all of the heavens
and all of the people in all of the worlds and all of the planets.
Praise Father.
Mortal combat.
It has begun.
The conspiracy is no metaphor.
We're talking about the conspiracy.
Are we discussing some literary poetic monster?
Say no.
No.
Say no.
No.
Say no.
No.
Say no.


No, we're not joking.
We're talking about living, breathing, firing and giving us strength that wants to consume you.
That wants to take away your slack, children.
Are we going to let them take away your slack?
No.
Say no.
No.
No.
Say no.
No.
No.
Tell me something.
Who stands in the way of the conspiracy?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Since 10 years
Bob, Bob, Bob
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob
Right.
You are
fixed
on
mama온!
When you hear a given call, when you ride chicks for one dollar, think about it.
Think about it.
When you ride to the subgenius, think about it.
Think about it.
We all pass 140306, think about it.
When you cast your mojo taxes, when you ride through Dallas, Texas, when you're off, think about it.
Think about it.
One dollar, one dollar, one dollar, one dollar, one dollar, one dollar, one dollar, one dollar, one dollar.
Now, the next thing you turn to the subgenius is, you will pay to know what you really think.
Slack can be bought.
All the other ones is.
Oh, you're going to meditate for five.
Yes, you got to get baptized.
You got to do this.
You got to do that.
You got to forsake strong liquor.
You got to forsake sex.
We don't, you don't need to be happy.
You don't need to live up for slack.
All you need is money.
I don't care.
I don't care what lengths I go to anymore.
All is fair and all that.
Dr. Harris, you're a doctor.
A doctor.
Doesn't that mean anything to you?
It does.
I'm a surgeon.
I'm a doctor, Edith, but I'm a man also.
You're under arrest.
Something sick.
Something sordid, vicious, and depraved.
Vagina.
Vagina.
V-A-G-I-N-A.
It's a canal-like passage between the uterus and an opening between the mother's legs.
It is the place where sperm are deposited by the father and the maiden in the passage to which the baby passes into the womb.
We cannotESTIDE A physical medical examination.
This is a cross-sectional surgery using cl 증na dividends.
averamniof avent Dá.
From the movement of sperm, takes they are killed by a principio of hyperventilation in the

witchy.

fla.
music.
lsh.

It's produced in the.
laring.
τους kingdom.
When the assassins accuse the assassin, they lie.
They lie and we have to be merciful for those who lie.
Those nabobs.
Nabobs.
Nabobs.
I hate them.
I do hate them.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
you
Boy, is this a trip through memory lane.
There's some bad A going around.
If anybody's got any of this...
Give it to Jane.
Oh, listen to that lovely, typical doctor music in the old days.
They all learned how to play their instruments, unfortunately.
Then there was the more ascended music.
Mark Mothersbaugh did at one point.
I love you.
I loved you.
It's a bucolic scene here at Doc's Dock 93, Jim.
Everybody's tired from driving.
They're all sitting around with needles hanging out of their arms.
And it's all free and you missed it.
Pretty soon...
All the stimulants will be here.
And then we'll all wake up and party all night.
And someone, or maybe several people, will be badly injured.
And the police will come.
And we'll be in the newspapers.
It'll be another Doc's Dock.
Another wonderful, lovely Doc's Dock.
Oh, man.
Doesn't it make your tears well up in your eyes, Jim?
When things get confused out there...
Power, ideals, old morality, and practical military necessity.
But out there with these natives,
it must be a temptation
temptation to be God.
I hate to say this, but once we did recently, Jesus got a call at the office from this mom.
She was saying, you can't send this stuff to my child. It's going to mess him up. It's really bad.
Jesus is going, well, same thing I have to say to the cops every couple of months.
Have you ever heard of Mad Magazine Officer? Well, he was starting to do that. She goes,
no, you don't understand. My son is mentally ill. He's 40 years old and he lives at home.
And we're kind of like going, well, I think church is subgenius is the last thing you've
got to worry about with your son right now. So I don't know, maybe you're in the same boat.
I'll tell you what though, you have the, but I'll sneak you a membership pack. I'll sneak you one.
Now, as well,
the church was called by John Shirley. I think the science fiction writer said the church of the
subgenius is the knife they smuggle in with the strike jacket. So you can cut yourself free when
they're not looking, but friends, you can't depend on anybody to smuggle you that knife.
You have to learn how to escape from the strike jacket yourself.
I actually happened to have a instructional video in Dallas about how to do that.
I toured with a guy who escaped from strike jackets every night by dislocating his shoulder.
It works. But you know, to bust free of the conspiracy, you sometimes have to bust free
of parts of your own body. That's a grim way to look at it. Easy for me to say.
The conspiracy is a leg hold trap.
Huh?
The conspiracy is a leg hold trap.
You know, the,
the sad thing about the conspiracy is you see these,
these human animals trapped in it and they'll have gnawed off all three legs and that one leg's still in the damn trap.
That's why we call them humans, friends.
And another real basic thing that we've got down to, you know, we've said for years, church of the subgenius, we're not harping on intelligence.
We certainly cannot afford to do that.
The only people that we disqualify from the church are geniuses.
You know, anybody below that with 30 bucks and even, you know, genius can bite us way in or brain damage us way in.
You know, it's not the intelligence that counts, it's the sense, common sense, sense of humor and dollars and cents.
One might call it something for nothing.
But the normals.
The mediocritans, the somnambulax and pseudo subslans have tried to make it something which we've been led to believe we must work to buy.
It is this yearning for slackness separates us from them.
The human may live out his entire life in a grinding cycle of slacklessness.
His hours consumed by meaningless toil, interspersed with meaningless leisure.
Yet he never feels cheated.
He thinks it's natural.
Perhaps we should pity them.
But face it, most people are venal jerks.
Half-witted cattle racing each other to be first to the slaughterhouse.
And stampeding you along with them.
What do you do?
To walk on a horse.
That is the law.
To slurp up our drink.
That is the law.
We are not men.
To eat flesh and fish anytime.
That is the law.





Now I am the law.
Now shall escape.
That is the law.
The law.
Not to pee on the neighbor's mailbox.
Not to shit in the house.
Not to hump the master's leg.
That is the law.
Not to lick one's own genitals in front of company.
That is the law.
Not to gnaw at flea bites, noiseless while the master is trying to seduce a female.
That is the law.
We are not men.
Not to grovel and whine piteously for attention.
That is the law.
Not to fight the mailman.
Not to run out into the road in front of cars.
That is the law.
We are not men.
The snake is long.
The snake is old.
The riders are stoned.
I had an operation.
I had an operation.

They tampered with my brain some.
It helped me see the reason for living in the system.
We simply got away with unnecessary friction.
If you act like a dumb shit, they will treat you as an equal.
Now, do what Make on a
here.
Oh, no, you don't.
We have to work clean on this radio show.
The Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack, friends.
And it's about time that I've told you what you've been listening to for the last 20 soft minutes.
We've been playing a lot of, well, you know, friends, I'm sticking with this department format.
Now that we have a format.
And we've heard a lot of the old-timey media barrage department.
In that we've been hearing,
some tapes from the old Dockstock 3.
Back in the olden days, friends, before there was X-Day Drills, there was Dockstock.
And they were smaller, but a lot meaner and more wiry and uglier than X-Days.
And so they were like snails on a straight razor, if you know what I mean.
And we've heard some KPFA puzzling evidence of Dr. Howell.
That's the KPFA radio show.
Subgenius show in Berkeley.
And it's the old media barrage from, it's just like it's a barrage of media barrages.
Including the Pope David Meyer preaching about the con somewhere.
And an old-timey Bob song.
Onan Canobite doing Think-a-Bob.
We heard David Lynch ranting at X-Day about how Slack can be bought.
And we heard...
We heard from the super intro sex barrage, media barrage number three.
Mark Mothersbaugh did the Babacato and Fugue in D minor.
And some of that other...
We heard yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang, ranting at Winterstar 1999
about the three legs and still in the trap.
And some outtakes from the subgenius video Arise.
The narration about humans, Slack, and work.
We are not men from the island.
We are not men from the island of Dr. Moreau.
And the law, the subgenius law, not to bite the mailman and so forth.
From the Einstein Secret Orchestra rehearsal last November 1998.
And in our rock song department, we heard Rage Against the Machine
in an excerpt from Killing in the Name of on their first album.
In the background right now is Cypheria doing an instrumental called Gothic Disturbance.
You see, and we'll play some new Bob songs, probably by Einstein Secret Orchestra,
and have our guest ranter department and our X Day Hymn department,
all the other departments, because, you know, as George Burns said,
with the collapse of vaudeville, new talent has no place to stink.
He also said, George Burns, the great George Burns, said,
Too bad that all the people who know me, I'm not a rock star.
I know how to run this country are busy driving taxis, cutting hair,
and posting to alt.slack and mixing radio shows.
Friends, it's true that with the collapse of vaudeville,
new talent has no place to stink except for the church of the subgenius.
Friends, stinky new talent always can find, well, can find a home here if it's bad enough.
And run it through the committee.
And a committee is a group that keeps minutes and loses hours.
And radio, like television, is a medium.
Because it is neither rare nor well done.
Well, the hour of slack is fairly rare.
Although now, friends, we're on four internet radio stations now.
Can you believe it?
The other one you can hear it on is the latest one.
It's, uh, nightravenradio.com.
That's one word.
I believe that's...
Yeah, that's right.
www.nightravenradio.com.
Liberals, as Mort Sahl said, feel unworthy of their possessions,
whereas conservatives feel they deserve everything they've stolen.
Now, we, the patriopsychotic anarcho-materialists, uh, just do what we can.
Ugh, that music was about to drive me nuts, friends.
This probably will, too.
Because I want to go on with some...
These are some quotes that our friend DeathRockerX on AOL.com sent to us.
Some quotes from the old but wise.
Uh, including Henny Youngman, who said,
I wanted to become an atheist, but I gave up, for they have no holidays.
Friends, you can be an atheist and a subgenius, and we've got a lot of holidays.
The biggest one being July 5th, uh, 1999.
Well, the last holiday, actually, since the world ends that day this year.
Uh, and it...
And, you know, and they call this the church of the subgenius.
Well, you can imagine, friends, we...
We like... We agree with Sam Levinson here, who said,
It's so simple to be wise.
Just think of something stupid to say, and then don't say it.
And on that note, I think I'll shut up and play this song by Temple Beat, called...
This is an Italian band, and this is a song called The Brain Cult of Machiavelli.
It's called Caccio Irony.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Goodness gracious.
What a simply horrible
patchwork of noise
that Church of the Subgenius is.
I listen every week
to gather evidence
and ammunition for the citizens
for normalcy.
Let me tell you, we're not going to get
those subgeniuses. We're going to get them
right in the gonads.
Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to say that.
I don't use
words like that.
This tape, all about Satanism,
drugs, and rock and roll
is proof positive
that this so-called church
is going to send the world to
heck in a handbasket.
All those demented
be-ass-a-bub-kissing-hop-heads
make me want to toss my Nestle
stallhouse cookies with their talk of
buckets of pills from that low-life
pusher J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Boy, they're so high on drugs
that they can't even keep any continuity
in their tapes.
Too many children listen to these tapes
and subscribe to the insane
doctrines of the subgenius.
They're led down a deceptive road
to what these weirdos call slack.
Like that heathenist idea
of nirvana.
I say that slack should be taken out
like the excess yarn in my knitting
and pulled until it sees the light of a normal
day like the rest of us do.
So what should any decent-minded
American do when faced with
one of these zombies for Bob?
Well, first off,
give him a bath in Pine Sol.
They usually stink to high heaven.
Then ship them off to the nearest
normally accredited deprogrammer.
Well, they'll get bombarded
with enough People magazines,
arid extra-dry deodorant,
and Regis Philbin fan club material
so they won't be able to think anymore
the way it should be.
Then they'll feed them real dogma
about the glories of the home shopping club,
Wingo, Zingo,
and the evils of Mandingo.
We cannot stand by
while our standards and principles
are made light of by these possessed fools.
Normals of the world unite.
Oh, that was Sister Crist, dear friends,
from a long time ago, WFMU.
I guess that would be our guest rant.
Sister Crist this time representing the...
Citizens for Normalcy.
Uh, thank you.
To answer all your problems.
To answer all your problems.
To answer all your problems.
You know, I'm going to be so happy,
so content.
It's not a loss,
it's more of a passing
into something wonderful and exciting
for the whole rest of my life.
So I want to say goodbye,
and that I'm going to miss you all very much.
Miss you all very much.
Miss you all very much.

Because if you want to get out of North Star, Miss you all very much.

you can't be afraid of anything.
You can't be afraid of pigs,
you can't be afraid of a normal,
and you definitely can't be afraid of Bob.
and you definitely can't be afraid of Bob.
That guy is pussy pussy
for the head here in his back.
You might have heard of this, but you can't,
you can only get back to one place,
and that is
J.R. Bob's dog.
Get out.
You don't want to live with your face,
You don't want to show your face,
you don't want to face Bob.
Because there's a conflict in every human heart
between the rational and the irrational,
between good and evil.
Good does not always triumph.
Sometimes the dark side overcomes what Lincoln called the better angels of our nature.
Every man has got a breaking point. You and I have.
And very obviously he has gone insane.
Oh yes, dear friends, this is Reverend Ivan Stang with a live on the scene report here at Dockstock No. 3.
There are actually, the drums you hear in the background are being played by two, it looks like three year old girls.
A couple of three year old little girls are playing the drums there. Not bad actually, it's a lot better than what some of the professional subgeniuses were capable of late last night.
Thank you.
And we'll play some of those real revival tapes later on.
But we've got quite an amazing contingent of subgeniuses here.
Here's Jan Johnson from the Boston delegation. There are delegations from something like 55 states and 60 countries.
Something like that. Many dimensions even.
And Dr. Ahmed Fishman, who is also from the Boston delegation, is playing a tune on the scene here in Arsholes, Arkansas, near the home of the sword and what is it, the Arm and Sword Covenant of the Lord.
White supremacist campgrounds.
The fact that we have these delegations from all over the country, this is Houston, of course Dallas, Little Rock, San Francisco, Oakland, Los Angeles.
Seattle, Pope Myers here from Seattle.
We all come together for these yearly or bi-yearly meetings.
And the interesting thing is we don't know why.
There is no goal, no set plan at all.
We just, we meet and then we try to figure out why.
And usually we can't make the song stop.
I'm tired of one day, I'm sick of all this going.
I'm not playing real music.
I'm sick of everything, and I'm sick of this, and I'm sick of all.
I'm sick of all!
I'm sick, sick, sick, sick, sick, sick, sick, sick, sick, sick, sick of all!
This infernal machine is going to bring you to hell.
I said turn on my show
Gonna ring it off today
You will be looking through caverns of human flesh
You think your eyes deceive you
But know what you are seeing is not a bizarre
But a real carnal sight
Men in wear and wailing
With their arms attached to the walls
Stapled there by cruel utterance of sausage-message nonsense
And foolish ideals
These they utter until the dark hours of the morning
Until the sun once again relentlessly climbs up and burns them
Burns them and burns
And where will you be, friend?
Will you be in a saucer full of milk and honey?
Will you be riding high off into the sky?
Will you see that silver lining on every cloud as you
Whisk by on my infernal machine?
These machines don't work for you, friend
They don't work for nobody
Got their own criteria
Got their own agenda
Got their own suspenders
Goodbye!
I'm done!
Goodbye!
It's true, we feel like the purpose of life is not happiness, knowledge, or even truth, but merely to squirt.
You can understand a church on a simple level of, oh, some people think it's a Texas death and fertility cult.
Let's call it just another polygamous religion.
Yeah, some think it's a great collaborative art project using the greatest anonymous artists in America today.
And others just say it's my religion. Let me practice it.
Remember, kids, nothing is illegal if 100 sub-genie businessmen decide to do it.
That's right.
We had that wonderful tape where you saw the young, naked, nubile maidens wrestling with Arnold Palmer's bloody head.
Rolling in the mondo mondo hills.
Of habifrop zipilats.
And there's marijuana growing all over.
Well...
Neat setting.
Yes, it's true.
There's habifrop zipilat all over the Tibetan holy llama's grave.
It is one of the most maintainable shrubbery's for landscaping around exterior office buildings.
Right.
And very tidy.
It's not a morbid situation at all.
No, it's happy.
It's like Bob is a Robot or the Attack of the Mutants. It's like any movie of that sort that you've seen.
He's a cheery demigod.
That's right.
But the people that we're really concerned with are the artisans tonight.
We're talking about the small studios that support Bob's habit.
They crank out art in an amazing way.
Centralize it in Dallas.
The sub-genius air force picks it up, flies it to Dallas, and the next thing you know it's in the stark fist.
And nobody gets paid for it.
Except those who matter.
And others just say it's my religion. Let me practice it.
You can't have sex without Bob.
You can't have money without Bob.
Girls, a dollar in the pot pool will come to you in the night.
Free pills!
Brian Shaparo's may die.
Don't be left behind when the exits land.
I want to be on the computer for the next ten, ninety, ninety nine.
You don't have to understand it. You just have to buy it.
You have signed the application.
Welcome aboard.
But one doesn't listen long before a little warning signal goes off inside that says watch out.
Sometimes it's hard to pinpoint the precise error.
But the language, the pure language of heaven is missing.
Something says look out. This guy is fishy.
Cultist or someone with his theological wires crossed.
It's almost like listening to someone who knows only a few words of English but soon they're rattling off an experience.
They're speaking completely unknown language when they haven't even been to kindergarten spiritually.
We eat more, drink more, play more and do less to earn a good living than any other people in history.
We have at our fingertips the world's greatest music.
And I might add a lot of it's worse.
But the cultists would have no following.
We are a people grasping nervously, sometimes almost hysterically for more.
I know that I know that I know that I know that I know
that I know that I know
Whenever we read the obscene stories, the voluptuous debaucheries, the cruel and tortious executions
it would be more consistent to call it the word of a demon.
There are little eyes upon you and they're watching night and day.
With a vocal and activist minority ready apparently to burn the bomber's field of tears.
For more.
And most incidentally are in their teens or their twenties.
And that's Washington people, I'll tell you that.
They dwelled in caves, not high rise apartments.
They may not have found a seat affluent, but they found
an endless supply of dope, uninhibited sex, an endless supply of money.
Free access to the distillery, I suppose.
Ah, yes, the harvest.
You can count on that.
But still, for more.
Why friends, we could beat another nation with our garbage.
What more than a space hogger on Earth is the church of geniuses?
I don't know.
But how many of you are really genuinely intelligent?
Bang.
Are you blaming God for atom bombs, atomic warheads?
Don't.
I don't know.
I only know that it will signal the end of time.
Why?
Bang.
Bang.
Bang.
The past blotted out, and the future assured.
Ah, yes, the harvest.
Laced with hundreds of beautiful, sexy broads.
A sex-stuffed gingerbread house.
Enter roommates Mitzi and Carol.
The party's now complete.
A time to strip down for action, and do as told.
Ready with the spells, sister?
Why not?
Ziggety-Z, ziggety-zing, demon of darkness, come on the wing.
And then, as the witches chanted, the most horrible, cluck-cuddling howl filled the night
air.
Ziggety-Z, ziggety-zing, demon of darkness, come on the wing.
And a gigantic bat-shaped, seemed to fill the sky, blotting out the stars, blotting
out the moon.
And the deviled blackness, the ghostly trio, and even the Halloween creatures were terrified.
Get yourself a speculum.
Insert it, open it up, and take a look inside.
You can give yourself a basic gynecological exam.
Can you find your cervix?
Locate your goddess spot, otherwise known as the G-spot.
If you really can't locate your goddess spot, beat it into submission.
She and her girls specialize in the sale of pleasure and the sins of the flesh.
Ah, subgenius women.
And about this, please.



At this point, we think we've said all that there is to be said.
And certainly all that we're going to say.
Now, sit back and enjoy.
So, Bob Dobbs, we meet again for the first time.
Bob, I wept when you died.
Now I must kill you again for my honor.
And for the honor of Connie.
It's pandemonium out there.
Things are floating, things are beginning to fly, and you're inside the dome without an ounce of sense.
Don't look around for the nearest Evacogen.
Don't call the police.
Look inside yourself.
And then wire up Hotwire and Nexen to build a bog.
Cleaners and Maleficent mothers did.
Darker by the second as the Acrimony police begin to line the walls.
Now we see the Jennifer Headed children and thousands and thousands of the other rectal and young, uh, uh, challenged children trying to make their way up the slopes.
And the slopes are indeed high, for they've all been greased.
By the great Moomoo himself, who blindly wandered throughout these caves back many thousands of years ago, hoping, praying something like this would happen.
And especially not on a day like today, when the plutonium storms are literally raging, and thousands and thousands and thousands and thousands of particles are filling the nostrils and eyes and other oral cavities that they're carrying.
Some of them have been carrying them for weeks at a time.
They can hardly, can hardly understand them.
Now I'm picking up, it seems to be a thermometer.
No, it's not a, I'm picking up a, yes, I'm picking up a, a, a vision of children and these same small children and handled by our mustaches.
And it's Christmas.
And it's very sad.
There won't be any Christmas on Pluto this year.
They've all gone.
All the little children.
The sack, slack, jawed, butter-headed, pumpkin-headed boys are gone.
All the little tin can shaped girls with no eyes.
All of the doctors have, all the doctors have left.
All the doctors have left.
But as we gaze here upon this little pavilion, surrounded by untold thousands, as far as the eye can see, thousands of the shaved, bald-headed followers,
waiting for the doctors and the various delegations.
Always.
Dr. A.D. here is from the California delegation.
The promised land.
California's the promised land?
That's going to be a desert in 20 years.
I know, but who, it's a promised land, but.
We didn't say who it was promised to, did we?
It was promised to the normals.
Well, so where will the subgeniuses migrate back to?
The south.
Kansas.
The subgenius death camp.
That sounds like Dallas.
But subgenius death is better than normal life.
Grave ball.
Grave ball.
Charging a man with murder in this place was like handing out speeding tickets at the Indy 500.
Keep going.
Keep going.
Yeah, that's right.
X-D's are coming.
And the Peaks are coming.
Bummer.
Make sure we all think we're hip subgeni.
We got us a window seat first class on the pleasure saucers, man.
You better work hard for your slap, man.
Bob will protect you.
Don't count on it.
You certainly don't want to preach to people.
Yeah.
The scouts are coming.

The shoppers will be scrambling out there, man, to sell you those over-inflated X-Day
saucer tickets.
That old Stark's business is going to be slamming down hard, man.
Oh, Bob.
Well, let's just cut to the point.
I know most of you want slack, but if you really want, it's the alien origins that
really got us going, right?
Let's admit it.
Oh, I love to be naked.
Many of you may have actually been in the same boat.


I actually even heard when I was abducted on the way to score some World Cluster munchies
years ago.
Got abducted by the alien nymphos and actually had my little mini-deck there and recorded
it.
The actual sounds of alien origins in the pleasure saucer.
Oh, I love to be naked.
Morality, you know, there ain't going to be no morality in outer space.
Whatever comes and goes by, that's what's going on.
Okay.
Well, another rule in the great morality was that thou shalt steal a government issue
rocket ship if possible.
Yeah.
Now, there's not a lot of them left, and most of them are in museums.
And the last big one, the last Saturn V is actually, they moved it indoors now.
It's going to be very difficult to get it now.
They have like guards around it and stuff.
Well, you know, there's got to be another way to do it besides rockets.
What now?
Well, yeah, of course, there is.
But, you know, to each their own.
Which is why the fifth commandment is, thou shalt switch to flying saucers operated by
gravity waves as soon as is technically feasible.
Right.
I think we maybe better go to a remote now.
It's like, oh, here they come.
Well, assembled here on the platform, another paradigm about to be crunched as this hotty
crew gets ready to board their own homemade med ship rocket ship.
Minister John, I'm going to take you to the next one.











Okay.
My
of psychic experience, I was staring at a toothpick,
wondering if I had a collapsible lung like Bob promised
with them loboptomectomies and all them other designs.
How did you say that?
That's one lung for Bob.
One toothpick.
Loboptomectomy.
And one toothpick for the rest of it.
What you do for the loboptomectomy is you go get yourself an Aerotech.
It's all too cute.
Gee, engine, stick it in your nose.
This is the triumph.
What I'm trying to prove here is what can happen,
what can be achieved by eliminating all that is cute through disease.
Oh, that is a beautiful idea.
Caller, do you have gas music?
You know, I'm afraid that we know this caller.
I'm afraid so, too.
I think he may have beat you to the scrotum so many times.
I have been ill, and through my illness,
I have eliminated all of my inner cuteness.
Uh-oh.
And you're cute.
You're lying.
Are you still a big man with a gland problem?
Is it Friday?
Do you still love, do you still care about me?
Wait a minute, is it still Thursday or is it Friday now?
No, no, no.
It's not what you think.
No, I don't think this thing has anything to do with anything.
Maybe it's Tuesday.
No.
Friends.
See, Tuesday's in the background.
Friends, this is Bleepo.
That's what I was afraid of.
We thought you did that.
You were castrated.
And, uh, some of us didn't know.
Bleepo, I felt a tremor in the force.





I had.
And I knew that you were very sick.
I definitely felt it.
I have an extra testicle now.
An extra?
Stang?
Yes.
They found it, Stang.
Finally!
Hey, listen, man.
I've been looking for that thing for about 15 years now.
They grafted it to the front of my forehead, right over my pineal gland.
Friday, your job is to retrieve the testicle from the old Bleepo.
I'm afraid it's a cosmopolitan monkey and a grand-aunt.
I look really hot now.
I don't think that's Bleepo.





I'm afraid it's a guy who's got a testicle on the phone, even though he may have his
nose pinched together.
As an expert of different, many different dialects, I would say that this person is

Well, ever since the grafting, I've been having...
It's just, the women look at...
The women...
No, no.
I am not hearing Westchester County.
Animals, people on the subway...
I've heard someplace a little further east, perhaps.
I cannot not have sex at this point.
What?
I always thought that testicle was at Megan's Waddle somewhere.
It's not Bleepo.
He's from Yonkers.
This guy's from Yonkers.
Did you say you cannot not have sex right now?
Exactly.
I'm in a constant...

I'm in a constant state of sex.
The nose never goes...
I want that nut back, man.
You're having sex with an imposter.
This man has more than three having sex with a phone receiver, even if he...
Yeah, well, I need it back now.
Go ahead.
Show some pink.
And be sure you get paid.
Who took these pictures?
Didn't you, Bob?
He did.
Bye.
Bye.
Well, listen, let me tell you...
Your rocket ship is in the air.

It's a rocket ship.








It's a rocket ship.



So, you'll have to be a pilot, or a pilot at the ship, if thou gets the chance.
Thou shalt switch from rockets to flying saucers propelled by gravity waves or the
like as soon as it is technically feasible.
Thou shalt not breach the seals nor compromise the airlock.
Thou shalt retain optimal manual control over all ship functions, no matter how supposedly
trustworthy thine shipboard computer may be.
Thou shalt keep clean and shipshape thine current spaceship.
Thou shalt quarantine all alien viruses and life forms, no matter how good looking they
might seem to be.
Thou shalt not puke in thine own helmet, nor befoul thine own moon pants.
Good one.
Yeah.
Thou shalt not breach the seals.
Thou shalt not breach the seals.
Thou shalt not breach the seals.

Thou shalt not breach the seals.
Thou shalt not breach the seals.
Gauntlets,aga,gauntlets, prestrategies unhappy with the office of those who strictly
dis cancellation nor 혼자.
Thou shalt not angefaliobe valiae craio fermaccent extra mobile saunortice ou

gelatis Borisoko veutre Scuado компании.

tack Paere partnership space sic,
fder k inducedworkingage o
di
tat
Ti
ill
゛
eng
vi
We'll have to go out and evacuate ourselves outside now and then in the void.
What do you do about bugs?
You know, alien bugs, viruses.
You can't drink that stuff by the gallon.
The ship's perfectly sterile all the time.
You just have to make sure that you get all the worst germs scrubbed out and put into Dave's room.
Well, he makes you sterile.
You know, if you do that, then that takes all the fun out of it.
Well, I suppose everything makes you sterile.
Well, no, no.
That's why we put it into Dave's room, so that we can watch the germs in there.
Oh, oh, oh.
And then we stay on the other side of the air box.
Right.
Yeah, just funnel them all over the day.
Do you think, you know, if the chocolatey, delicious chocolatey drink for children can give you a sterilization problem,
what better are we than the Liebensraum Hitlers and all them guys?
You know, we want to make room for germs.
We've got prop!
That's right.
That's it.
That's all there is to it.
We've got prop and they don't?
Yeah.
That doesn't make any sense, dude.
We'll have our own rocket ship.
Just let the princess wee.
If you doubt that for a second.
Yeah, I better remember my origins.
I think everybody should.
Yeah.
And here are the origins, friends, of what we've been listening to.
The tail end of side one there.
We heard Sister Chris from WFMU in the old days doing the Citizens for Normalcy rant.
We heard Einstein's Secret Orchestra doing Let Me Tell You About a Place in Outer Space.
Sister Decadence's X-Day Farewell.
And David Lynch preaching on X-Day.
Some Doc Stock No. 3 report from the ancient days with the band that dare not speak its name performing Sick-a-Bob.
Einstein's Secret Orchestra doing this Infernal Machine.
Various old KPFA with Glass Madness and Wellman on artists and prop.
And Wellman's edit of You Have Signed the Application.
Ah, yes.
The Harvest.
Susie the Floozy did the Connie Collage.
And Annie Sprinkle.
Strip Search.
Friday Jones killed you for the honor of Connie.
And, of course, Einstein's Secret Orchestra.
Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Chaz.
Bill T. Miller.
X-Days are coming on Boston 1996.
Recording and Friends.
Speaking of Boston, there is a DeVival coming up in Boston April 30th.
The Friday.
And at the Middle East Club.
With Pope David N. Meyer.
Worst Truly.
Bill T. Miller.
Papa Joe Mama.
Dr. Lakey.
And Thurman.
Friday Jones.
And the number to call about DeVivals is this phone number.
216.
This is the DeVival hotline.
216-556-0338.
That's 216-556-0338.
And also learn about the Seattle DeVival coming up on Memorial Day.
And Lemuria Rising in Portland, Oregon on June 10th.
And check our website.
And also check out this.
I'm sorry, Dave.
I can't do that.
Five, four, three, two.
I can just smell that field coming.
July 5th in that big old field at Brushwood.
Ah.
Ah.
First the little rockets go up.
Then the big rockets go up.
And then the really big ones.
Come on down.
That's right.
The rockets are our signal.
To let the saucers know it's time.
We're ready for them to come down.
To make that final step down.
Put their little ladder down.
The little rope ladder down.
To let the saucers know there's still something down here on Earth worth saving.
That's right.
Step on up, baby.
Step on up.
We got a ride for you inside.
Check it out here.
We've got everything you could possibly need without a mind or imagination.
You could go beyond what you've already thought.
Because everything you can't believe is here.
It's here.
It's here.
It's up in the sky.
And all it takes.
All it takes to experience all this is to be a member of the Church of the Self-Genius.
Praise Bob!
P.O. Box 14306.
That's P.O. Box 14306.
Dallas, Texas.
7-5-2-1-4.
I can't do my cute salesman voice now.
And there's Einstein.
Secret orchestra.
P.O. Box 81555.
Cleveland, Ohio.
4-4-1-0-1.
No, that's 4-4-1-8-1.
4-4-1-8-1.
It means the same thing as zero.
8-1.
4 for nothing.
Get it off.
4.
That's right, baby.
4 for nothing.
Can you just see everybody?
I can just see the whole Brushwood people.
The whole community there.
The whole X-Day community in one big circle around the launch pad.
And most of the girls aren't wearing shirts.
No, and they're all...
And everybody's just grooving.
And here, this is playing.
Yeah, while we jam them out.
Yeah, man.
Yeah, all booging back and forth.
Man, feel that love vibe.
Jesus will be there.
The love vibe.
Jesus Christ himself will be there blessing and anointing the young...
Yeah, I like that.
Back to life.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.

Yes.
Yes.
Yes.

Yes.




One of those rockets as they go up.
And you can be there to witness this.
El Diablo, Satan himself, will be there to curse those rockets as they go up.
But who's going to win?
Jesus, Satan, or Bob?
Well, you know...
Well, Christ Bob Bob will be there.
That's right.
And you know, the rockets do rise on a column of fire.
But underneath the fire, it leaves behind a column of clouds.
So you have hell and heaven all there.
It's all a metaphor.
The rockets are a big metaphor for the cycle of the absurdity of life.
They all end up on their heads.
That's the miracle of it all.
That's right.
Sometimes the parachute pops out, and sometimes it don't.
So you want to make your own rocket.
You want to keep your own ship shite.
Ship.
Ship shite.
What was that, Friday?
Friday weekend for the launchings.
You want to make sure if you're taking your own rocket...
Slip it in, Friday. Slip it in.
... or some kind of semi-rig on the New York State Highway Patrol,
we'll be out looking out for those rocket ships on the top of Toyotas.
Also, make sure that if you're trying to fly there via pyroflashlands,
the smoke bands aren't affecting most of Chautauqua County.
Man, I listened to Friday on that guitar.
Oh, man.
She bitchin'.
That bitch be bitchin'.
It's going to be better than that when it's live.
