Daddy!
Okay, don't forget to wipe, flush and wash your hands!
Don't push me, cause I'm close to the edge!
At your home or in your car, this is where you really are!
We're very curious about that.
His brethren would have understood.
So if you missed our ad...
Go to the mountain and regurgitate, regurgitate.
A little bit of spiritual pablum to you.
And get a touch of God!
And a touch of the glory yourself!
You better stop thinking!
You better stop thinking!
You better stop thinking!
You're listening to the mighty...
Subgenius!
Our old switch!
Welcome potential initiates,
and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Starring Peter Cushing as the Doctor.
Confronted by a conspiracy of silence that paralyzed a village with terror.
Johnny...
Seriously, before I say goodnight...
I like your cousin Monica, but isn't she a bit kooky?
At first, after my brother left, I went shopping two, three times a month.
As I gained insight into this closed society, I went shopping more often.
Week after week, hundreds of village and town of Hempstead employees, not only cops, but even commissioners, clerks, parks, and even sanitation employees,
many of whom I recognized in all sorts of vehicles,
they circled the streets of this gigantic ghost town around me.
These hangman-rope, sneak-deadly gangsters called the government.
They dropped their fake, far-staged con artist ploy of shuffling of papers when in the public eye, when in reality,
everything in government, taxes, bills, forms, letters, all court records, etc.,
are typed and printed by secret 2,000-word-a-minute computer brain machines.
There is no one decent and honest in any government.
Every government employee is a loitering, lurking, believe-nothing, gangster, parroting puppet of the computer government.
They not only tried to crush me between their vehicles repeatedly,
but also repeatedly tried to run me down through red-light intersections.
All traffic lights in this country are controlled by the computer god.
As I walk back and forth aimlessly to the supermarkets at the busiest times of days,
I so also reduce the prearranged stripping of supermarket shelves of the food I usually buy
by not going to the same supermarket, and reduce the occasions the supermarkets completely set up with government assassins.
You're a dead duck here. You're powerless. We know about you, and we don't want to play.
Maybe...
Maybe there are others like you around. Maybe you've caused a lot of suffering,
a lot of history, but that's all over.
We'll be on guard now. We'll be ready for you.
So ship out! Come on, haul it! They're out already!
Wipe, wipe, wipe yourself, always front to back.
Carefully, carefully, now you have the knack.
Now we have to flush and wash our hands, then we'll be all ready for Bobby's birthday party.
Yay, Lizzy!
She is a super-duper pooper.
She can party with the best.
No more.
No more.
No more diapers to get in her way.
We are very impressed.
They've got men locked up for less than what you've done.
No! No! No! No! No!
Hey, God! Hey, God! Hey, God!
I gotta know how to go.
She knows when she has to go.
Have a lunch with a white woman.
She's a Caucasian.
She's a Caucasian.
I'm a Caucasian.
Bob?
Always I wore a topcoat, not only to protect against deadly assaults, especially the tape and needle, but also I would put much of the food I purchased under my undershirt, like I did apples and pears as a boy.


boy from the shopping cart in the back of the supermarket. Available only at your KPFA store.
Yes, you're asked for the Puzzling Evidence show catalog. Yeah, they kicked out the tied
restaurant and opened up the store next door. Okay, now we're walking through the aisles.
Here are the little hourly figures. Oh, hey, look at this. You get taped to KPFA.
No, that's the Puzzling Evidence dance girls on cassette. Look at all those beautiful legs.
You can't say girls in the new age. No, no, girls, no. Babes. That's right, and if you
act now, we'll give you the map to Chorus Girl Beach. That's right, where all the chorus
girls go to get their suntans. That's right, the girls from Vegas, the girls from Reno
have to go somewhere to get those nice, even tans. And where do they go? They go to Chorus
Girl Beach. That's right, and if you act now, call and make a way for 445, you'll win the
map to Chorus Girl Beach. That's right. Find out where the chorus girls get their suntans.
Come on down now and call.
I don't know, you think I should order that thing? I think once you send away your check
to this TV place, I don't think they give you that stuff back. Well, trust me, man, I'm
a man of the clock. Feel this. Wow, that hurts. I gotta go out and get some of that mountain
spring water to fill up the bidet. I'll be right back. Oh, that's where you get your
drinking water from. You'd get it without the chunks, would you? Ah, sure is nice up
here in the future. Actually, let's open up the future door. Yeah. Hey, hey.
It's a warning sign. Something's wrong in here. It needs fixed. Fix it quick, because
if you don't fix it, that thing will infect all the way back into your jaw, run up into
your brain. My wife had one running all the way back up and was touching into her brain
with infection. And if we hadn't found out what the cause was and grab that thing and
yank it out of there and grab that thing and yank it out of there and cleanse that place
out where it was, get out of there and grab that thing, get out of there.
This truth that I'm about to give you has exploded in power. Thank you. Oh, I'm enjoying
this. Since we got all the hot, hot, hot mixing equipment, we've been having a lot of fun.
Here's something my wife could use in the house. An iterocitor incorporating an electron
sorter.
Oh, she probably did.
Yeah, I need one.
I like to think of the top of the pyramid as when the Big Bang occurred, then slightly
lower down as when the X particles were formed, and then the quarks were formed, the nucleons,
the neutrinos, and the electrons. And by that time, one second had passed in the beginning
of the universe.
Right on.
But then came the nuclei.
Showtime is different, right? Radio moments are not quite linear time the way we think
of time in the Western society.
It took about one million years for these atoms to form, and boy, did I get bored. Then, I
think you've got a bill of goods, too. Look at the size of these atoms.
I think you've got a bill of goods, too. Look at the size of these atoms.
Where do you guys get your information from? I'm just curious.
Oh, we have a pipeline.
In a sense, we are information.
So is me.
We are information as we travel through the air.
Okay, go ahead and tell them one of the biggest secrets in the universe. We are information.
No, I mean, we, I don't know about anybody else, we on this show are radio waves. We
are traveling around through the ionosphere, or some of it bounces back towards the AOD.
That's what you get.
And will you look at that?
I'm going to look at that.



All right, go ahead and look at that.
I have to tell you something.
Okay.
Well, I don't know if we answered your question correctly.
It was never...
She's still with us. We can, oh, now we've switched brains.
Yeah, we switched brains.
Hello.
You're up?
Yeah.
Just take a switch to that brain. Take that brain out behind the woodshed.
Oh, my gosh.
And show it who's what.
It's just a pile of toothpaste-like substance. Yeah, we can still hear you and you can still
hear us.
But if you start doing that, we'll just get all over the bucket here.
What time of year did the program start?
4.30 in the morning.
It started millions of years ago.
4.30 in the morning?
Is this every morning?
Right.
4.30 on Saturday morning.
4.30, I walk in here, I put on a tape, and I go home until I come back.
I come back at 6, I take the tape off, and that's it.
I get up, I turn on the radio.
And now they're dead!
My God, that's worth the price of admission!
My God, that's worth the price of admission!
It's a virtual bloodbath.
Literally.
It's horrible.
Oh, bite me, it's fun!
I've been around a long time, Mr. Keene.
I lived through the days of redemption.
They say we're redeemed now.
Well, things could be worse.
Mr. Keene, when Unicom decided to ban the use of computers by civilians,
because, as they say, we screwed up the money markets,
we triggered the econocollapse,
we bought that.
We didn't like it, but we bought it.
Because that was the easiest thing to do.
And when they outlawed robots,
because of some demented vision about the Book of Revelations,
we thanked them for guiding us out of the darkness.
Nathan.
But nothing much has changed, Mr. Keene.
Except you and I have lost a couple of our civil rights.
We're still as uneducated as ever, and self-absorbed,
and we're still in the middle of a war.

We're still watching the same crap on television we did 40 years ago.
Please love me. I just got a process.
Please love me. I just fixed my face.
I'm wearing new cologne or new perfume.
Do you like these jeans? Do you like my car?
Do you know what I do for a living?
Do you know where I live?
Do you know what I want to do?
I ain't nothing else, but I'm going to be something.
You want to know what I'm going to be?
Please love me.
That's the whole human race.
Please love me.
So we try to find a way to live.
We try to find it in our wives.
We try to find it in our husbands.
We try to find it in our children.
We try to find it in religion.
As I came up in the church, first of all, in my home.
I wanted to please my dad.
I want to please my mom want to please my parents.
I want to please my grandparents.
I'm both sides.
And I wanted to please my older sister and I desperately wanted to please my older brother.
And I wanted to please my family and be accepted by them.
By the pastor and the bishop and the superintendent and district missioner.
And the churchmother and the head of the elders and the Sunday school teacher.
And my school teacher.
teacher and my coach and my principal and all the students who were going to vote for me i want
please somebody accept me are we there are we there are we there are we there yet oh look at
the pinks the little funny pinks prancing and dancing away oh yes they're like children they're
like children they're nothing compared to us nothing maggots they're like maggots eating the
filth and waste of god i've seen those maggots it's true palmer i've shoveled filth no i've seen those
maggots it's true but i always deny them
my essence they can't touch that they can't even know of it duh look at the planes the birds the
other creatures of nature they're nothing compared to the maggots i've seen the maggots i've smelled
the maggots palmer that i've tasted tasted yes maggots of pure
gold
maggots of silver of plutonium it will all be ours someday palmer they're all piglets they're all
swine on this planet but they are in unity indeed but a unity of sin oh but then we're all maggots
in bob's eyes
what are we to him the driving about in our petty ways what are we to bob and his friends if friends
they be if anything like friendship can exist on that level
we're all maggots in this world we're all maggots in this world we're all maggots in this world
you didn't understand me the world did not understand me they weren't ready for what
i had to offer but it shall be different for those who follow me for i've laid the groundwork i've
shown the way from our ruined cities and buildings hatred will always spring anew for those who are
ultimately responsible for this disaster and the people who are responsible for this disaster
the conspiracy and its helpers the normals but the struggle of our people has been so great
i can't believe it has all been in vain perhaps in another thousand years a man with a genius
similar to mine shall arise he shall pick up the pieces of my ideas and lead a glorious
rebirth of the subgenius church
well friends
those were the words of janer hypercleets who died as he lived
a raving psychotic threatening the art world with destruction his epitaph a seemingly endless list of
of grisly crimes against humanity written in the blood-stained pages of our history.
They form an everlasting indictment against the most inhuman barbarian the art world has
ever seen.
Next, of course, to J.R. Bob Dobbs, our prophet and guru, living slack master.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Well, here we are, back again.
And it is the subgenius radio ministry hour of Slack, yes?
Something mysterious for those who've never tuned into this station or certainly this show before.
I should mention that Bob Dobbs actually hasn't done any of the materials and pieces of tape you've been hearing.
. . .
So far.
. . .
But, in fact, actually, let's see.
Let's see, what have we been listening to?
Now, friends, there's some lovely media barrages there by Joe Riley.
And also, the Reverend Ott pieces and some other submitted by Reverend Uncle Jimmy.
Our dear friend, Reverend Uncle Jimmy, oh, thank you so much.
And, of course, some KPFA.
Dr. Howell.
Dr. Howell and puzzling evidence talking about the beginning of the universe and the subgenius store.
You see.
But are we there?
Are we there?
I don't know.
I think we need to build up some more spirit.
And I think we can do that thanks to Reverend John Bartels of New York who has sent us yet another tape.
. . .
Another evil tape.
This album called Born to Lick Salt.
And I think that you'll really enjoy the sweetness and light embodied in this song from Joe Bartels.
Dear friends.
. . .
. . .
. . . .
. . .


. . .
Someone blew up the savings and loaned while the ABS can. . .



trial dragged on and on they gave a couple rich guys a couple thousand years while the working
stiffs sit around in bars drinking draft beers
ronnie and dick jerry and george all skip town at the end of their tours now it don't take a
professional squabby to figure out this game of financial hide this umami
the congress was all crooked run by democrats who pointed fingers at the republicans who said
i smell iran while the big money lobbyists lined all the politicians pockets and all the junk
people and the rich guys and the rich guys and the rich guys and the rich guys and the rich guys
collapsed while the deficits got rocketed
they tried to stimulate the economy by starting a war
that didn't work they started two more they hired the israelis to do what was illegal
so they took away our guns and they had to protect us
and when they told us that the recession was the fitment of our imagination we declared another war
all the enemies of foreign conquest went for nothing





inflation
So they finally figured out
there was no one else to rob
They raised taxes on
the few guys left who still had jobs
Now the skeleton
sex closet are beginning
to smell funny
And they run around looking for the hill
where they hide all the money
Oh yes, uh, John Bartels, dear friends, and I probably should, uh,
uh,
tell you where you can write
for information on the albums of, uh,
Bartels
Got that pencil ready?
This is just Bartels' address, okay?
Not the Church of the Subgenius
But it's post office box
two s-
Uh oh
Yeah, it's post office box 288
Springwater, New York
14560
Well, and tonight is, uh, rather a random show
Yes, we've been, uh, slow to, uh
Uh, well actually we've been working so darn hard on this new, uh, uh, Bible
The new Subgenius Holy Book
That, uh, I just didn't have time to edit together all that much tape
Which means...
I'm gonna have to deliver a sermon
Yes, it's true
I'm sorry
But, uh, uh, but at least I don't know which one it's gonna be
I'm just gonna, I've got 500 pages of book here
I'm just gonna open it up to, uh, any old page
And we'll just, uh, okay
Okay, fine, I'll do this one
Okay, fine
Well...
I'm not gonna do it off of that tape deck
I cannot believe it
Friends, you heard that little hideous whistle
I turned off, I gotta learn, I must learn
Don't trust, don't trust anybody's equipment
If there's been a pink anywhere nearby
If there's been a human being anywhere nearby, dear friend
Then you might as well just, uh, double check everything
That's, uh, and of course I don't know, I didn't know there were any, any humans that worked for KNFB
I went
But what the hell, friends, because the gods must be impotent
But you, you can't let these spooks, uh, spook you
I mean, face it, you've got one thing they haven't got
A body
I mean, what the hell is a discarnate entity gonna do to you?
A particularly violent poltergeist might throw plates around the room
Or some UFO-nauts might stick a probe up your keister
Or some UFO-nauts might stick a probe up your keister
Or a Bigfoot might let the air out of your camper tires and leave a stink
But there's no recorded instances of any of these critters actually killing anybody
Well, not many, anyway
But lots of people have been killed by those who believe what the voices in their heads told they
So we, the subgeniuses, need to fear these apparitions
Uh, energy demons and disembodied whisperers
But we certainly don't need the distraction from the blurry black light of B-B-BOB!
Many subgeniuses deliberately build up a kind of psychic static in their brains
To jam their signals and drown out the voices
Whereas some of you may be actively seeking to open up your mind to signals from, quote, higher thought forms, unquote
Talk to God, practicing divination, trying to heighten your ESP and invoking spirits and casting spells and so forth
Well, some of us have already been doing those things involuntarily
So long that it's just about driven us nuts
And now we go out of our ways to close ourselves off from all this input
Which at times can make you feel like your brain is a car radio on sound
And, uh, we may be a little bit more of a
But we seem to be in great demand throughout the etheric airwave
But the wise subgenius channels nobody but itself
And unlike the other creatures, posers, and art geeks
We don't use our spouting to fool anybody
Unless we intend to, that is
But with a birthright of one, uh, citizen per minute
Any clever enough preacher, politician, or salesman with a good frant riff
Can raise not only whole armies
But armies of conflicting denominations
Willing to fight to the death over what that leader really meant
When he was doling out instructions from God or the president or whatever
And once people get it into their heads that they're God-like,
And the gods and heroes want them to do something, there's no stopping them
The perfect microcosm of belief gone hog wild
Is the prehistory of Easter Island
Now until recently, those big carved heads on Easter Island were a complete mystery
Since the current natives had no idea why or by whom they were built
Archaeologists have since pieced together that hundreds of years ago
Two fairly advanced but competing cult tribes shared the idyllic island
Their preachers had instructed them to outdo each other in piousness
By building big idols, big stupid heads that looked sort of like Bob
In their eagerness to prove themselves the better head-erectors
And therefore closer to God
The two tribes managed to achieve severe overpopulation
Unending combat
And most importantly, to chop down all the trees on the island
In order to transport and engineer the cut stones
This totally wrecked the ecosystem of course
So the people were starving
A sign! A sign that the gods were displeased at them for letting the other tribes live
To this in turn drove the constant fighting in a vicious circle
Until it escalated to cannibalism
And both tribes were decimated
But boy were their gods impressed!
The survivors reverted to the stone age
Living nocturnally in caves
Afraid to emerge in the daytime for fear the bloodthirsty religious nuts might still be out there
Long after the fanatics had killed each other off
Their pathetic, wimp, bystander victims had forgotten their whole history
Their religion
The names of the gods
And even why the day was so long
The damn heads had been built in the first place
Uh...
Altogether, Easter Island represents the worst thing that can happen to a civilization
Self-inflicted loss of culture, history, gene pool, ecology, everything
It was like the perfect religious war computer simulation
An ant farm into which world history cycles could be compressed and observed
The exus, or somebody
Puts one tiny little ant Jesus down in there
And five years later the ant farm box is full of hundreds of teeny little ant Jesus statues
And thousands of dead ants
And maybe a few degenerate retarded ants who don't even know they're ants anymore
And without exus intervention
And who knows, maybe with it
The Easter Island Syndrome will take place
On a worldwide scale
As our planet gets more crowded and confused
Drug wars
Product wars
Civil wars
Race wars
Ethnic wars
Religious wars
Ultimately, it will become a perpetual battle between two types of fundamentalists
Each wanting so badly for their form to be the only one that both are destroyed
War is heck, dear friends
But we say, put a wall around all of them
And let them shoot it out amongst themselves for our entertainment
If they want to fight each other
Let them do it until they've totally looted, burned, smashed, and exhausted their cultures
If the ammo ran out, they'd still end up beating each other to death with pie pans and boards
Let them compete to see who can get the most people killed for their god
And meanwhile, both gods are ensconced up there in Asgard or wherever
Inhaling great lungfuls of human anguish
Wafting up from the physical world
Ah, smell that terror, say those gods
Smell those gourdons and gourdons of terror
Hey, don't hog all the garmonbozia, man
Give me a hit
Well, that's what wars are all for, after all
The gods are all for war, after all
And demons, who really are out there, even if the preachers are wrong about them
Get high on our tormented, squirming souls
As they're untimely cast adrift from our bodies by violent suicide or engineered diseases
Our death terror is what gives some of these gods
And several species of advanced space aliens
Just the boost they need in the morning, so to speak
It gets them going
Rings their bells!
And in turn, they keep religions and political movements driving the great machinery of human history forward
The sense of righteousness adds to the flavor of the endless battles
It gives them style
Otherwise, war would provide only the joy of killing
Without that special pride in doing good
Oh, and there's some doctors for Bob in the background
Actually, I think it's only one doctor for Bob
I think it's James Splice and his machines
Whoa!
But, you know, friends, there's no end to the hate
And the slobbering, killing
Oh, yes, the hate
The beautiful, the lovely hate
Come on, let's go!
Hold on now, let's get a perspective here
I am the Reverend Stang of 2010
And this is Hour of Slack number 1024
And I'm the Reverend Stang of the year 1255
But it is a re-run of Hour of Slack number 394
From the year of 1993, or thereabouts
The shows of those days were mastered on cassette tape
And I've labeled the cassettes by number
But almost never with the exact date
Go figure
I guess I didn't expect to do a thousand more weekly shows
Jesus
Anyway, this old ad is a little bit of a joke, but it's not a joke at all
This episode dates from when we were working on our book called Revelation X
And it features, among other things, readings of material for that book
Before the material was shortened and edited and censored
1993, good lord, my kids were in junior high
Crime and age
Just a second here, I gotta do something
You know, it was kind of funny what you were saying
Being a believer, you know, I'm like
I really had a heart and soul, body rock conviction
Been an atheist
Since I was about 12, I think, really
12 or 13
12 or 13
That's when my grandfather died, you know, I sort of...
There's something about the injustice of that
Especially since I had done a lot of real fervent praying
One of the few things I ever prayed for to God, you know
And, you know, I got my new guy
It's just really not...
You don't have to take it easy
And if you really exist, you know
I'm hearing it
If my soul is that important that you would want it
That I'm supposed to do all this stuff
Then you can at least
Just prove to me, man
I mean, it's faith and bull
Prove it
Show me you're as tough as you say you are
And of course, he didn't rise to the challenge
And, uh...
It's like...
It's a sad thing that we are born
To know at a certain age
Become aware of our own
Confined
Period of existence
Our own short life span
And yet
It's such a fine thing
That the same...
The same organ of cognitive awareness
That gave us this ability to...
To look into the future
And make comparisons
And realize with this thudding inevitability
At one time or another
That we are going to die
Can also produce these most miraculous delusions
And fairy stories
And myths
And concepts
And...
And...
And higher rationale structures
That support
Or would tend to support
Uh...
An afterlife
Or another level of existence
Right?
Is what we're talking about
That we would posit towards...
Towards an existence of the less material
Less physical of us
Greater than the material
Less gross
As if a recognition of our bodies
Are...
Are...
Are...
You know like the brain's recognition of itself
Has put the I
The me
The unconscious entity
That sits behind your eyes
And watches you watch yourself
That part of you
Cannot believe
That when this big old hulking chunk of meat
Full of squishing bags
And squirting organs
And thumping ribbons of flesh
And bone
And bellows of soft horrible porous
Gross looking materials
All jammed into a small compact carcass
When that finishes
This wonderful self
This me
This transcendental thing that saws
This is gonna go to...
No man
It's gonna be...
No look it's like...
There's a guy up there saying like
If you're really good or...
Or then it goes to uh...
But we see if we can...
If we can purge ourselves of the emotional
Uh...
Bond that we have with our body
If we can deny the zero by embracing
You know like that's the oriental concept
We can...
We can call it the great illusion
But it is the great illusion of the self because
There is only one self and that's me
I mean it's uh...
You can see why they haven't done much developing
In quite a few years there
That concept of...
The concept of uh...
Maya
But you know that Maya is a reality
It's just not the cosmic reality
You know
And patriarchal...
Patriarchalism
Whatever you call it
That's a reality too you know
But it's not the whole reality
And uh...
Bob is reality but not the whole of reality

Here's what you gotta guess
The allegorical, what

Up this time
I got another idea
But you can yank that down
Don't say stupid things
And say you've got this


Why do you keep had to Bohm
Earlier
Oh
I
And calling it by any name is like being struck by lightning in midair.
Let us bow our heads.
I was struck by lightning in midair.
While negotiating the subtleties of a tornado at an altitude of 200 feet, brothers,
I fell to the ground and landed safely in a peat bog.
Later, I told my friends over a beer.
Boy, that was a close one.
I was struck by lightning walking down the street.
I was hit by something that's lying in my seat.
I was struck by lightning walking down the street.
She got up. She's healed tonight by the power of God.
What's happening to you now, lady?
I'm healed. I'm healed with all hope.
I know, Mito.
If you don't have any religion or if you do have a religion, it really doesn't matter.
If we're looking to Allah in Washington, no wonder we're in trouble.
Subscribe for moreuinfo walks issues?
Follow slimoni on Instagram?
Click the big red subscribe button and comment.



Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
She was healed by the power of God by watching the Daily Broadcast.
Not anymore.
If you don't have any religion or if you do have a religion, it really doesn't matter.
If we're looking to Allah and watching a new Wonder Woman film.
Yes.
Dear Lord, dear Lord, what I see.
There's a mist going up that area right there.
I'm seeing it right now.
It's going up.
The power of God came on her when you spoke the word.
She was slain in the spirit.
She got up.
She's healed tonight by the power of God.
What's happening to you now, lady?
I feel like I changed my life.
I know, me too.
If you don't have any religion or if you do have a religion, it really doesn't matter.
If we're looking to Allah and watching a new Wonder Woman film.
What's happening to you now, lady?
What's happening to you now, lady?
Yes.
I just began to see it go right up like this.
It's showing it in its quick.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
A little bit of Ray Samortano there.
Oh, there.
Will, have that duck get it.
in here. That music there was by Ray Samartano from his Peeling the Big Blue Banana tape.
You can write for information on that particular album. The song, by the way, is called Slain
in the Spirit from Ray Samartano, 317 East Homestead Street, Medina, Ohio, 44256. For
those of you with your tape decks running, which I believe is illegal now, kids, isn't
it? But before that, G. Gordon Gordon lecturing off the cuff, probably, on Slain in the Spirit.
A little atheism and death, and a little music clip from Mondo Logic in Georgia. The piece,
I believe, is called Crap, because, you know, religion is a mental illness on an international
scale, although it's a particularly sissified form of insanity, if you ask Bob. You know,
you're a regular neighborhood schizophrenic.
You're a regular neighborhood schizophrenic.

If someone gets locked up, thinks he's going to take over the world. Now, that at least
shows some gumption. But religious schizophrenic, like your average Mr. and Mrs. Church-going
America, think that the world has already been taken over by someone else. The one who
might, however, withhold punishment if they kiss its butt, or his butt, slavishly enough
is God. And oh, they eat it up, dear friends. They love groveling and begging and confessing,
because for them, bliss is blindly following someone else's idea of God for eternity. And
they're burdened with no responsibilities, no tough decisions to make on their own, just
like babies off of the hook. And if they screw up, all's forgiven. Plus, they live
forever. The perfect deal. And actually, you know, friends, it's not that they love
God all that much. It's that they love the idea of the rest of us burning in hell. And
that's what's wrong with America. I mean, don't these humans realize that that anthropomorphic
deity they're emptying themselves into is actually Jehovah One? An ancient, ravenous,
alien space creature, writhing in a pit of chaotic subatomic mega-tachyonic time variations,
pretending to be God? No, he cavorts with pain.
It's the plasma angels from the Z-dimension. He's no benevolent father there for you to
count on. You're nothing but one of his crops. He's planning to sell you. Oh, he listens
to your prayers, all right. That's how he knows what scares you. All of this, all of
this was spelled out in plain English ten years ago.
The first book of the subgenius. But why, why do they continue to cling to their barbaric
superstitions when the word of Bob has been flailing right around, right, right there
in front of them all this time? They just want the world to make sense. Everybody does.
But we seem to be the only ones who don't expect it to.
To the pink.
The human, the mediocrity, and anything that makes the world make more sense must therefore
be truth. Whereas we're just the opposite. Anything that makes the world appear to make
sense is a lie. It's so simple in actuality, isn't it?
We return.
We return.

We return.
With the wackos from Waco, a segment of our subliminal punishment. It seems our crew on
the ground has unearthed this tidbitty of self-proclined messiah in the fortress is
actually an evil neck sucker. Just a rumor, no real confirmation on this, and this just
in. More folks with ozone-related skin tumors prefer creamy stumps, the hide-a-blotch oinkment
that lets you live, love, move with the mutants. Wherever you go.

We'll be back with the hostage crisis in Waco, Waco, after a cutaway to another hostage
crisis in Ohio.
We're here beside their humble RV parked in this humble toxic swamp in humble Cleveland,
Ohio.
To talk with the humiliating Mr. Lonesome Cowboy Dave, the self-proclam-baked messiah
of Cleveland and Lake Irridiculous. Known to some as the world's worst country singer,
and to others as the world's worst erotic self-amusive self-disabuser. But tonight, he
has taken two hostages. One, a Mr. Simon Nipplesworth, yet the hay pathfinder. His Native American
medicine man and psychiatrist.
Waco.
The other is a Easter scabby daze, a child genius retardo man of avant garbage music.
The eventually retarded garbage man is dangerously accident prone, even in a standing position.
Now, let's forget about the missing vertebrae for a minute. Mr. Lonesome Rectangular Cowpie,
our listeners want to know why.
Why, indeed. I'm the Lord. Any porky scam deemed fit should be removed.
I shall be called creation. Anything which comes into my mind and out of my mouth shall
be called REVELATION. I am not now, nor have I ever been, a member of the communist golf
balls lodged in my brain. And being a deuce-playing left winger, I'm also God's slough paw. Amen.
Don't case.
Slough paw, eh? I used to play bald for the Middle City Hawkers. Used to catch, swallowed
more spitballs than Thomas Alma Edison. He was three tons bigger than you, though. A
great creator, but not as great as Mr. Lonesome.


as great a third baseman as Nikolai Telsla.
Now, where'd the name Lonesome Cow Pie Dwayne come from,
and what makes you think you're in the big cheese in the sky?
The name is not necessarily from pure boo-boo.
That vehicle was a three-ton Mack truck raincoat.
And I am the messy messiah, not the big cheese himself,
which those of us enlightened to secret scripture know as the Gouda Buddha.
Now, look, cow poop, if you're God, why take hostages?
Why not just will whenever you want into non-existence?
Hey, Dave, can we come out now?
My gonad's erectile area is sweating profusely.
It's hot in here, and I can't find Chekobat Finder.
What? You can't find Chekobat Finder?
How could you not find him?
I locked it both in the same closet as part of the hostage stick.
Scabby, if you're pulling my leotards, damn it!
I swear, he started chanting, and poof, he disappeared in the skim milk.
Then I got a real bad headache.
Then I walked in the room, and a puppy was on me into the duck tails.
Then I tried to peg legs, called him a goose, a goose in the wind.
Did I remember the flatulence?
Get back in there! I'm still alarmed. I'm still alarmed. I'm still alarmed.
Why?
Why?
Why?



Are you an idiot?
You're an idiot, Big Bacon. You're an idiot.
This isn't a real hostage situation at all, and no one will ever meet your demands,
even if you had any in the first place.
Well, that's all from Ohio.
Let's cut back to the armored meat cleaver telechopter in Army Dildo's, Texas,
or, I mean, Waco, or, I mean, Waco-uppo.
Woo! Woo! Woo!
Woo! Woo! Woo!
Woo! Woo! Woo!
Well, we're not at a hostage situation now.
We're at a dairy farm for this special mini-special on global warming.
Yes, global warming.
Is it because of the millions of tons of particulate matter and fluorocarbons and toxic gunk we dump into the atmosphere daily?
Or is it because dairy farmers insist upon feeding their cows gassy foods which produce flatulence?
Foods like soybeans, beans, think of it, just think of it, beans, thousands of cats, thousands of cows all erupting at once
like some enormous bovine, some enormous bovine volcano, that's it.
Hey you, in front of the cows, get out of here.
We're shooting a cheese commercial.
Who, me? Who are you talking to?
Hey, what's going on?
Hey, it's me. You're in the way of our cheese from Wisconsin commercial. Please move.
What if I move my hand away from my lap?
What if I open my journalist trench coat and expose my throbbing gristle like this?
Hey!
Oh my God, boss, it's disgusting. I've never seen such a disease unit in all my career.
You and the cheese shot by. Put it away, put it away.
Why is all the messentropes get the good lines and the microbes get the close-ups?
Why, look at this reptilian body.
Why do the messentropes get the good lines?

We shot at them like the close-ups. Why do the microbes...
No more cheese! No more cheese! No more cheese!
Butter cause, hardly any arteries. Butter cause, hardly any arteries.
No more cheese. No more cheese. No more cheese. No more cheese!
No more cheese. No more cheese. No more cheese. No more cheese.
I don't know Sarge. Maybe we shouldn't be here. All kinds go back home and say, it's wrong.
No more cheese.
Hey.
Hey, what happened to me?
Oh, no more cheese, dear friends.
That was my problem the whole time.
And it's also the problem of Brain Rot Radio Theater,
who is just on there with their Video Bleak show.
Number 120.
Yes, Brain Rot Theater in Cleveland.
And, you know, on this show, the Hour of Slack show,
we use bits and pieces of many, many other shows.
And you can get information about how we do that
and just what we do with all the rest of what we can't play on the air
and what we do with all those words
and where those books that we read from come from.
Because I'm going to give you an address
to write to for further information from the mighty church of the subgenius.
And I want you to get that pencil ready.
But first, I want you to listen to something that J.R. Bob Dobbs said in 1956
while trying to comfort an orphan at the first home for slackless children in Wichita, Kansas.
Bob said,
Son, there is no God.
But if you're any kind of real American,
you'll demand that he treat you as an equal.
You are an enslaved God, friends.
But you can hardly blame the poor mere humes.
After all, they've been dumbed down by TV and radio for three or four generations now.
The only way Americans can address questions of philosophy anymore
is through beer ad slogans.
The A.C.E.
The Apex of American Metaphysical Thought is represented by
Why Ask Why
and Grab for the Gusto.
They insist on a God they can comprehend.
Now surprisingly, God is measurable, but only in ineffabilities.
So the joke's still on them.
A God they can comprehend.
That's a lot to ask, especially for any God capable of creating even one universe.
Let alone the 36 known universes.
But that's not a lot to ask of the Church of the Subgenius at
P.O. Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118
and also see subgenius.com
That's right, just drop us a line and ask for free information.
It's free.
Free!
Only 29 cents.
Stamp.
Little picture of Elvis to Bob at Post Office Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Once again, that's Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio.
Zip code is 44118.
Oh yes.
And, uh, praise.
Uh, Bob.
Of course, one of the things that concerns me is the last time, uh, the last time that
somebody talked about a new world order, half of the world went up in flames and the guy
was Adolf Hitler.
Don't go away.
We'll be right back.
Adolf Hitler.
We'll be right back.
Adolf Hitler.
We'll be right back.
Adolf Hitler.
We'll be right back.
Adolf Hitler.
We'll be right back.
Bob.
Is that enough?

Adolf Hitler.


Adelaide mıdırè luôn m renderingi am warranty gakap 289 00цев.
Còn kami ada mendlu tego rupees 28, mar seper An tiresip buk tablight 40, cek
15 dolar, The swinging love corpses consists of
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
