who has feels terrible i i i wanted to be able to pay you but i couldn't pay you i'm bankrupt
um i i just i'm without hope and you therefore in love and kindness say bob i've taken that off of
my books oh it's time to do another show must do show i don't want to do show back hurts
turn on machines warm must warm up old reel to reel which functions as pre
machines on equalizer and must find microphone
out my back
all right what folks i want you to know i'm i haven't taken my pain pills yet today
i'm
because i want to do this show in a halfway alert manner but where did my damn kid hide the
microphone my kid is forming a band now he's playing bass and keyboards and doing vocals and
he keeps swiping my mic it's probably out here in the garage yes indeed there it is i bet he
didn't even turn it off he did whippersnapper
good good stanley child excuse me my back hurts
no back i was in a car wreck friends
the fourteenth of April Friday afternoon I was on my way just before the Post
Office closed to Mail the subgenius
taxes the tax return and they the
And I was broadsided by a drunk going 60 miles an hour.
Caladrella.
He totaled my car, ran and then busted through a fence,
hit somebody's garage, and jumped out of his truck and escaped, ran away,
leaving his 40 ounce and his ID in his fully insured truck.
Praise Bob.
But it totaled my car completely, and I'm not in real good shape.
I didn't have any cuts.
I wasn't even bleeding, but my back is kind of out of whack.
And I'd be dead right now,
except for the fact that I was carrying the subgenius taxes to the post office.
Because if I'd been...
If I hadn't been killed or put into a coma,
that would have...
My wife wouldn't have found those taxes and mailed them until, you know, a couple of months later at least.
And Bob would have had to pay an extra $30 or so in late fees and penalties and interest.
So, the only reason I'm alive right now...
It's by a miracle, a real miracle.
But it's only because, I mean, let's face it,
it's just because it saved Bob $30.
He would have been out some money if I'd been killed.
So long.
Whoa!
And so it behooved Bob for me to live on and continue to do these horrible shows.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to...
The subgenius power of sweat!
Out of your love for me, you come and say,
Bob, I paid that debt.
I didn't have to.
I didn't want to.
Or, not that you didn't want to.
You did want to.
I paid.
I didn't have to.
But it's off of my ledger.
Oh, yes, dear friends, it's true.
Not only did I have a car wreck, but I actually managed to get a tape recording of it.
Because I was making a talk tape to a film.
And I was like, oh, my friend, and when that drunk hit me.
Friends, here, listen to this.
We've been waiting for this for years.
Man, that's all you get, unfortunately.
You know, because when the collision happened, the device was knocked out of my hand very quickly.
So you just barely hear a little bit of a crunch.
You don't get to hear the glass shattering, the screams of the innocent victims in the background, or any of that stuff.
But, oh, it is.
But yet, friends, you know, thanks to that late filing fee that would have been inflicted on J.R. Bob Dobbs, I was spared.
Yes.
I'm sorry.
But it's the way.
And I've got to admit, friends, there's been omens and portents all week.
A lot of this.
When I was doing the taxes, I had to look at my 1993.
Both.
The Stang family returns and the subgenius returns.
And, friends, you know the sacred number, the magic number of the church is 273.
Well, I hadn't realized until that fateful day that in 1993, the subgenius foundation paid $273 in taxes.
Two-hour fine government.
Oh, yes.
And the Stang family got back $273 in overpaid taxes.
Too much always, once again, better than not enough.
And we're just glad to be alive.
And I've got to admit, I'm thinking about them pain pills.
I might go ahead and, you know, let this be a pain pill sort of show.
I mean, if we were doing this in a radio station, I wouldn't be able to do that.
You know?
Don't let you come in there under the influence of drugs.
And I wish we were in a radio station.
But since we're not, well, heck, maybe we ought to go ahead and do the show under the influence of drugs.
I'm already under the influence of Stang upon Stang of pain, friends.
Pain.
Pain.
You don't know nothing about pain until you've had your back whacked by some drunken idiot.
Caladrela.
Whoa!
Ah.
I'd just love to relive that moment when I lived instead of died.
I wish that I could say that my life flashed before my eyes.
I wish, friends, that I could say that I entered a tunnel,
a beautiful tunnel of light leading to some vast and beautiful feeling of love
and all-in-oneness and all my dead relatives and even Dr. X would be there on the other side.
And then I'd be...
I'd be sucked back into real life going,
Oh, now I know there's a beautiful afterlife and everything will be fine.
Because, well, I'll tell you something, friends.
If I didn't know there was a beautiful afterlife and everything would be fine,
I would go get in my car and drive down to the intersection of Lakeland and Diceman
and wait once again for some drunk to come and hit me and kill me this time.
Because then I'd have slack.
See?
But that ain't the way it works.
They don't want you to know.
They don't want you to know.
One way or the other.
So you have to...
It's a guessing game.
It's going to stay a guessing game.
And if it didn't, why?
There would be no human life left on this planet.
Ah, yes.
Caladrella.
So, Bob, because I love you and I want to be reconciled now to you personally
and I want us to remain friends and to be friends,
you started...
You started hating the innocent party
because of what you think that innocent party is thinking every time they see you.
And every time you come into my presence,
you'd be saying, Bob, every time you get around,
you're going to say, there's that Bob.
And not only were there those omens of numerical omens
and hospital emergency room omens, dear friends,
but also upon one of those self-same days,
oh, lo!
Good friend, Reverend Bleepo Abernathy,
the man who introduces the Hour of Slack most weeks
and who happens to work at the same radio station in New York
where Howard Stern does his radio show.
Bleepo was on the Howard Stern show using his human name
and showing off his beautiful dominatrix girlfriend to Stern
as a demonstration, perhaps,
of the fact that even us little funny-looking guys
can end up with the hot babe after all.
Ah, yes, Friends Bob's promise rings true.
The subgenius Hour of Slack that you are about to listen to
is specially designed only to be played on radio station
and only in the city of...
Bleepo.
Kates is our production director
and he's one of those guys who dresses weird,
gets weird haircuts and stuff,
although he looks kind of normal.
He's just basically weird.
He's just weird, and then he gets into weird religions.
Are you still like a witch or something?
Are you still a warlock?
No, no, no.
Kates was a warlock.
You dropped that?
When I first met him, he was a warlock,
and he was like, oh, don't mention it.
I'm a Wiccan or whatever they call it.
Yeah, what are you, a Wiccan?
No, no.
What are you?
I was raised a Unitarian.
But aren't you like a warlock now or something?
Nah, I'm not.
He was a warlock.
You were.
A warlock is like a betrayer or something.
It's not something one would...
Weren't you just some weird religion?
I told you he was going to have some weird thing,
like, no, I wasn't a warlock, I was a witch.
Yeah.
Yeah, what were you, a witch or a warlock?
What were you actually?
And why don't you be honest?
I would call myself more a pagan.
I don't really like the W word.
A pagan?
Yeah, yeah.
A pagan means...
It's like, in America, pagan is basically,
you see deity in nature and in...
But aren't you a witch?
Like, isn't that part of it?
You go out and howl at the moon.
A lot of people who are pagans
are pagans.
They also call themselves witches.
Right.
I don't.
Are you still a pagan?
Yeah, I'd say so, sure.
But who's...
So who's a warlock?
I don't know anybody...
Your girlfriend?
I don't know anybody who's a warlock.
That's like...
So who's, like, the head of your religion?
That's like from Bad Satan movies.
Who's the head of your religion?
No one's the head of my religion.
She's the head of my religion.
Your new girlfriend is the head of your religion.
Sure, why not?
All women are head of my religion.
Yeah, your new girlfriend's pretty...
I mean, like, I don't know how Kate's got you.
Where did you meet?
Through mutual friends.
In some cases, they...
They're just little tips of the hat to Bob
from people he helped out in the past.
In most cases, though, it's a concerted effort
by the conspiracy to make the name Bob acute,
you know, to normalize it.
And people named Bob are laid back and normal.
And it's also sort of...
reassuring.
They're trying to present a reassuring Bob.
A Bob without the quotes around the name Bob.
For instance, Microsoft Bob.
The new computer operating system
that Bill Gates has released.
Not to be confused with me, Bill Cates.
No, no.
People get confused sometimes.
They often think I'm Bill Gates, but no.
I wish you were.
But anyway, go on.
They're trying to water down the word Bob.
They're trying to make it all sort of cute and funny
so that when everyone starts wearing T-shirts
with Bob Dobbs' face on it,
they'll never really understand,
what it is that he represents.
Because what he represents is quite dangerous
to the status quo of the normal people.
Of the mere humans, Bill.
Because that's really what we're saying.
It's not that we...
that we hate people of a particular type.
It's that we hate people.
We hate humans.
Look what the humans have done.
The subgeniuses live in complete harmony with us.

They live in harmony with nature and technology.
They'll sit and watch television for days and days at a time
and never bother anybody.
Now the normals, though,
they have to have the fanciest television,
the fanciest car.
This, even if they can't afford it,
they have to have all that stuff
because they've been taught a form of false slack.
The type of slack that Bob is trying to promote
is true slack.
The slack that doesn't cost anything.
A subgenius can amuse itself sitting in a dark room,
stark naked.
We don't have to be going to the movies
or reading the latest cool book
or going to the latest hot, groovy club to be popular.
We don't care.
In subgenius consciousness,
you can be vastly entertained
merely by inspecting your thumbnail for hours.
Not that we necessarily do that,
but it's, you know, if that were the situation,
the subgenius makes the best of it.
A lump of mud
seethes with infinite potentialities
when seen in Dobbs' consciousness.
Wow.
Yes, and even one such as Bill Cates
or Reverend Lippo seethes with infinite potentiality
in the eyes of those babes, man.
Those who can find the inherent entertainment
in car wrecks, death, taxes,
and Bill Cates and Howard Stern.
And in the types of things that we like to do
when we're on elevators.
Yes, dear friends, here's some more fun things to do
in an elevator.
Number 18, give religious tracts to each passenger.
These don't even have to be
subgenius religious tracts, friends.
Number 21, bet the other passengers that you can fit a quarter
in your nose.
A number 23, show other passengers a wound
and ask if it looks infected.
A number 27, stare at another passenger for a while,
then announce, you're one of them,
and move to the far side of the elevator.
Well, we can throw that one away now.
That page is done.
So much has been done, and you know,
when this show is done, I can't wait to take my page.
I can't wait to get my own brain pills.
Yes, that will be my reward, friends,
for having done yet another show.
But I've got some news here,
some important news that I need to read to you.
Let me pull the music down just a little bit.
This is some news from the newsletter called Weapon.
Weapon, because the truth hurts,
from the Open Eye group in Eugene, Oregon.
And let me read this little news bit to you.
Jeffrey Dahmer goes to heaven.
God called soft on crime.
Friends, what do Martin Luther King Jr.
and Jeffrey Dahmer have in common?
Halos, my friend.
They both are wearing halos even now.
Jeffrey Dahmer was found in a pool of blood
in the middle of the desert.




He was shot in the head while serving 16 consecutive life sentences
in a maximum security prison in Madison, Wisconsin.
He was convicted of murdering and dismembering at least 16 people.
Dahmer had sexual contact with and ate the carcasses of
many of his victims.
But found clubbed in the head on November 28,
Dahmer was rushed to a hospital but died an hour later,
only to ascend directly to heaven.
For eternity.
Explained his father, Lionel Dahmer,
on TV's A Current Affair,
he was recently baptized into Christ.
And I do believe that Jeffrey is with God forever.
Scholars of biblical law confirm that as long as Dahmer
repented and asked Jesus into his heart,
he would be forgiven no matter what his crimes.
For by the blood of the Lamb,
ye are saved.
These biblical loopholes do not, however,
apply to his victims, all homosexuals,
because they were killed by surprise and had no chance to repent.
Conservative Christians across the nation have reacted with protest
over God's decision to pardon Dahmer.
Jesse Helms accused God of being, quote,
soft on crime, unquote, and of threatening the moral fabric of the entire universe.
Rush Limbaugh publicly denounced Jesus as a liberal
and proposed that true conservatives refuse to tithe until God rescinds his decision.
Spokesmen for Heaven announced that their immigration policy is, quote,
final and absolute, unquote,
and that there is no room for debating technicalities
in a monotheistic, monarco dictatorship.
The
words to muse upon, dear friends, from the
Weapon newsletter.
It's a humble little newsletter.
It's short.
It's simple.
It's probably the kind of newsletter that the church should be putting out every couple of weeks.
But hey, we gotta do this show, don't we?
Anyway, you can get that...
the weapon...
You can get weapons from...
the open eye.
The little eye...
in the pyramid here. They must be masons.
Got that pencil ready?
P.O. Box
1602.
That's P.O. Box 1602
Eugene, Oregon
97440.
4-4-0
Yes, the open eye at P.O. Box 1602
Eugene, Oregon
97440
And
yes, it's such
a lovely day today.
Such a fine day to be doing
a show.
And I don't really want to do a show.
I'd rather be out wandering
up and down the streets with my doggie
so that he may check
his pee mail
and I may check out the
jogging
females.
But that's a moot point again.
We just keep getting
lost here.
Let's just see now
what comes up next, shall we?
Yo mama
I saw yo mama
Yo mama
Yo mama got a nose that's like a banana
She got a head as big as a grand piano
She got shoes that look just like a noose
She's as ugly as the elf man singing the blues
Yo mama got teeth like a picket fence
She took a bath in 54 and took one sense
Yo mama got funk that smells like death
She even got the funkiest armpits and breath
Yo mama take the food from gardeners cans
She don't look like she ever washed her face in hand
Yo mama's got a mouth that smells like death

She's a titty hang to the floor
She got a booty like a double door
Yo mama got a happy skin
Baby give me a coo
Yo mama really looks just like a fool
That's why yo mama got an address in Penn State
Just because she looks like total frustration
I saw yo mama in the streets
The streets split
What do you know?
I didn't get
I didn't get
I didn't get but a little bit
Yo mama
You know yo mama's known as goody-woo
Because she gave it to Bob Barney Hill
And that's why they call me Billy the Dead
Cause I made love to yo mother
Fool your daddy did
Yo mama
Yo mama
Yo mama
Yo mama
Yo mama
Yo mama
Yo mama
The Bible says it's easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle
Than it is for a rich man to get into heaven
But if that rich man is J.R. Bob Dobbs
And that camel is the subgenius
Hour of slack
There are far better places to go than heaven
Why settle for one ill-defined afterlife
When you can sample an unthinkable number of alternate dimensions
That make mere nirvana seem downright dull
How about the dimension of eternal Sunday afternoons in a hammock
Or the one where you can't see the sun in the sky
Or endless sex of the type you used to dream about in high school
Or the plane of everlasting pizza
Ladies, what about that land of eternal chocolate ocurred here
Mmmmm chocolate
Or the Ross Perotérer dimension
That makes Scrooge McDuck's vault look like the lining of a winos pocket
Or the interstellar Brent Speigher wrangling avountain
That lets you take center stage with a stack of amps the size of Jupiter
And the power to rock whole galaxies
How about the Pocket Unives that louts tomaent former emfoy for vice
And corporate ookrit executives like the slimy vulgar insects they are
Or best of all
What is a pocket lexer when its busy?
How about the multitude of worlds populating the inside of your own personal head?
Well, seeker, you can get your ticket to all these and much, much more
by tuning in to the subgenius hour of slack.
Every Sunday night at 9,
join your utterly mental host, the twisted Reverend Ivan Stang,
and board the club car that takes you on a tour of the might-bes soon to comes,
and oh my God, not that, lurking just around the corner of every stray thought
your overheated mind can come up with,
plus a few that leak out of the quivering craniums of the sainted elite
that contributes to the subgenius hour of slack.
Yes, mere heaven will look like a cosmic pig in a poke
once you've bathed in the psychic waterfall
that pours out of every thrilling episode of the subgenius hour of slack.
Free levitating angel wings with every episode.
Let's see you get those at Walmart, monkey boy.
Yee-haw!
Oh.
She's pretty wacky. Maybe that's why she digs up.
She licks Kate's because she's wacky.
Ooh.
No.
What's so not wacky is that I am not inhibited.
Inhibited?
Yeah, that's right.
I thought you said inhibited.
Yeah, I think that too.
Whatever you said.
Hey, Kate, you're pretty lucky.
Kate's got the divorce and the whole thing.
He's living the life.
I'm still working on all that nonsense.
Are you?
Yeah.
So you gotta give up 50% of what little money you had.
Wow.
So she must really love you.
Wow.
Kate's is probably living on a hovel somewhere.
So how long have they been together?
How long have you gotten her?
Oh, let's see.
We got together last July.
Super.
Yeah, late July.
Oh, man.
I'd love to date you.
And you hit it off.
You hit it off with Bill Kate's.
I don't even know what Bill is talking about most of the time.
All I know is every time I'm talking to Bill Kate's, I just want to get out of the room.
I don't even know what he's talking about.
Warlocks and witches.
He's always saying things.
I don't know what he's talking about.
Your mom's into some strange stuff, Howard.
Yeah, well, she's into TM, but...
So, you know.
I don't know.
She's not a witch.
The only thing that's weird about pagans is they see sacredness in everything.
It's not like God is some big guy up in the sky who's going to tell you what to do.
It's like God and goddess.
It's like male and female.
And divinity is everywhere.
You're already weird.
It's all weird.
God and goddess.
Yeah, well.
Do you go out on All Hallows' Eve and salute the moon?
Yeah, is Halloween your big holiday?
It's one of the big holidays, yeah.
Really?
And what do you do for Halloween?
Do you go to the temple?
It's the new year.
So, you like...
Kate, so what are you, a Jew?
Are you born a Jew?
No, no.
Are your parents Jewish?
My parents both came from Jewish families before my oldest brother was born.
Oh, I see.
So, he's a Jew.
He's another Jew who has to have a wacky religion.
You know what?
All the Jews do this.
Five years before I was born.
You're born Jewish.
Rabbis must be doing the worst job of getting people into that religion.
You know what it is?
You know what it is?
It's because...
Every Jew is into something wacky.
When the Jews came over from Europe, a lot of them, they were in the pogroms.
Their people were persecuting them.
And so, when they came over here, it's like, no, we're not Americans.
Rather, we're not...
Another lost Jew.
We're not Jews anymore.
We're not Europeans anymore.
We're Americans now.
Right.
To heck with...
And that's what happened.
He's a Jew.
Another Jew with a wacky religion.
He'll go through three more wacky religions.
The Jews are all doing this.
My brother's a...
Now, you already had published a book.
A while back.
The Book of the Subgenius.
And this is a new book that just came out.
Why two books?
Why did you have to write a second book?
Well, it's the same as why they have to write the New Testament.
Wasn't the Old Testament good enough?
I suppose not.
Wasn't enough sweetness and light in there.
So, they had to come up with something that would go over better for the superstitious have-nots.
And this book is in the humor section, actually, of your book.
Oh, well, no.
Normally, the conspiracy...
The conspiracy has to...
I don't blame them.
Could you blame them?
I mean, of course, it should be in the religion section, the science section, general nonfiction interest, Father's Day, so forth.
There's no way they can give this kind of thing credibility.
It's kind of like the Libertarian Party.
They don't want people to know that there might be a third one, no matter how pathetic and useless.
They keep it pathetic and useless that way.
They almost got Howard Stern elected governor.
Yeah.
But at the last minute, they all chickened out, right?
Well, yeah.
That's the conspiracy.
I paid my debt, and I know he's calling me a slob down in his heart.
That guy that didn't pay his debt.
And I'm going to keep living in a denial.
I think America...
I think America is beautiful.
My fellow Americans, you too must play your part in our renewal.
Cool!
Miles, information on so-called subversive decisions.
Morning, teacher!
America far above.



America...
Trust me, I know what you want.
Bob's Big Boy with fries.
I want money and power and prestige.
And our country isn't called America anymore.
It's Bonerland.
Ha ha ha!
Ah, yes, dear friends.
And that last little bit there was a piece...
It's called Bonerland.
By Out of Band Experience.
Yes, our good friends there with OBE.
Out of Band Experience.
Kings of Feedback.
Whatever you want to call it.
1617 Lick OBE is the number to call for more of the same.
And, uh...
Well, we've just been running little interconnected things.
I don't know exactly what makes them interconnected, but...
When I finally get around...
to taking my pain pills, I'm sure I'll figure it out by then.
Uh...
Various, uh, micturations there of, uh, Bill Cates, Howard Stern,
and, uh, yours truly, uh, all in the same studio,
but at very different times.
And, uh, not to mention Mistress Crimson there.
Uh, Bill...
The good Reverend Bleepo Abernathy showing off to, um,
the ten zillion normals at large
how, uh, uh, a weird little...
Uh...


I can get a great, big, wonderful woman.
Uh, yes.
And, uh, vice versa, you see.
That's the part that Howard didn't seem to want to go into.
There is a vice versa to all of that.
Um, we also heard, uh,
the Hell Pope Huey doing his, uh,
Eye of a Needle Hour of Slack promo.
Uh, we use promos on this show as parts of the show.
And, uh, with a little clip from, uh, called Yo Mama
by Luther...
Wait a minute.
Where is that Huey tape?
By, uh, Luther Thomas and Desize.
I'm not sure why that was on Huey's tape,
but it was, and it was a wonderful, uh, insulting thing.
And, uh, in fact, let's put on this other little piece
that came on that same tape with Hell Pope Huey.
I think you'll...
Enjoy this.
It's...
I don't know what it is, but it...
It just seems pertinent.
¶¶
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Where is Mr. Radio homework?
In your circumstances,
it takes a very deep of courage
to tackle a program of such magnitude.
Yeah. Sure.
Whatever.
Some of you may go crazy, but not me.
No radio commentator is going to
sweet-talk me into bankruptcy.
Crazy? They called me crazy.
.
I don't know about the rest of you, but I don't like the sound of any of this.
Maker of Tribulation 99, one of the underground favorites.
Yeah, I think I'll split the hell in two, though.
I can make up a hell any time I need to.
So right now, I'll just stir this special formula.
Oh, that's hell.
And make two of them.
Hell, I could make four of them tonight.
They split apart like...
You know, Phineas Narcos in the other room, he thinks I've got him on, but...
They don't get a clue.
They don't get a clue, get it?
Okay, we're down in the courtroom right now, and I'm hammering the eyebrows to the new hell.
I'll be using this hell.
That means we'll have to turn on the hells in the other room.
We'll use those for auxiliary power.
Two hells for the price of one.
But don't turn on the light, whatever you do.
Because, heck, it's just a show.
Why?
It's just 335 in the Mohohoney.
And there's that nice shot of right above Dealey Plaza.
There is something wrong in the motorcade route.
No, it's not in Dealey Plaza, it's right above.
Dealey Plaza's right here.
Ah.
And this is right over here is the new Hyatt.
But we're headed into town in a nice thunderbird.
Because we called our wives, and we're all mushing out our memories.
What did you call them?
We called them hell, of course.
I think you assume that I am another hell.
And I am anything.
But another hell.
Okay, I've given life to my two little hells here.
And they are, thank you, thank you.
And the spark of life has brought a bit of revolt.
This is revolting in one of these houses.
It is very amusing, master, that you consider me another hell.
But I am not another hell.
Which hell is that that's not another hell?
There is only one hell.
This is an expert's opinion.
That's scary.
What an hysterical hell.
Yeah, it is quite frightening.
We've invoked the power of the priest now, so we don't get too confused.
Well, it ain't like I could speak in a dull, squeaky voice.
Well, I know.
I could program in anything.
And I have halitosis, so it's three hells.
Hey, you guys, do you want to dance around and build a Volkswagen?
Stereo wee-wee.
That wee-wee-wee sound.
Yes, that wee-wee college.
You, too, can learn how to think about the wee-wee all night.
I'm bringing you, too, into this.
Yeah, let's...
No, not for you.
Now you have to call a lawyer.
If you mention you two at any time during this program, you must call an attorney.
I'll have your lawyer call my lawyer.
That would be difficult.
That'd be fine.
And you, too.
No, no, no, no.
Not them.
My lawyer's asleep.
And my lawyer's afoot.
Well, if he's any good, he'll get up.
Have your lawyer...
He's having a hard time polishing his Jaguar.
Have your lawyer call my lawyer, and we'll do lunch.
We'll do lunch and leave those lawyers out of it.
Why don't we just fax lunch, and then we won't have to worry.
You fax lunch to your lawyer...
You're not allowed to say things like that on the air, Doo-Doo.
This station's a non-comprehension policy.
Don't say Doo-Doo on this station.
Don't say Doo-Doo.
Just the facts, ma'am.
That's not considered politically correct.
Yeah, you don't want to do anything but rubber horseshoes on this show.
Well, we try not to say things like that because it would be, well, politically incorrect.
I'd like to say here and read into the record that scientists have detected growth in a certain...
region that created a geomagnetic storm.
Ooh.
And what region was that?
You don't expect us to believe that, doctor, do you?
Regions of sorrow.
This storm is nothing but a blue screen.
Doleful shades.
Hurricane Herman.
Ravage.
We're just going to start doing the plywood windows.
Whose power screwdriver is this?
The station's, of course.
It's possible to turn back this force of nature with power tools as found in any home worker's workshop.
We have two dinosaur enthusiasts here.
What do you think of the two new species that were recently discovered?
Are you talking about the Christie Brinkleyosaurus?
Yeah.
The Christie Brinkleyosaurus.
There's information about those in the mailbox in the other room.
The Cindy Crawfordon that I'm wondering about.
That's the one we're wondering about.
That's the one with the moles.
That has the mole-like features.
Yes, the Cindy Crawfordon.
What about the Keanu Reevesosaurus?
There was the Brad Pitt Ethereum recently discovered.
And there's the Cocobainonaurus.
And the old red sandstone.
Yeah.
Also, recently a new species.
The Christian Slaterdon.
Wow, that thing's got a great haircut.
Here we go.
That was discovered a long time ago.
Oh, everybody knows about the Christian Slaterdon.
But what they can't figure out is which way the dermal plates went.
Yep, there they go.
Did they go this way or that way?
That's why the dermal plates are catching your eye on the Teutonic plates.
A lot of people don't know that all the...
With the Teutonic Knights.
All the dinosaurs were being maimed after Hollywood personalities for a while.
Well, that is the new rule of scientific nomenclature.
Instead of the...
Outdated Linnaean system, the Hollywood celebrity system is being used as part of the Republican Revolution.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Whatever star happens to resemble the dinosaur...
And now...
Since science is no longer an institutionalized activity...
I bring up my Devil Howe Hewitt's product.
Which deals with the public sector...
And you too can see just what happens when...
Since science is being privatized...
Too much is better than none.
All scientific phenomena will never...
One half of the Howe is giving a speech in the auditorium downstairs.
Now this actress may be...
The other is performing delicate heart surgery.
This actor's name...
And this is the industrial corporation.
That's Gary Hughes.
No, this actor's name over here is Robert Trebor, which is actually a palindrome.
He's no pal of mine.
That's his actual name.
Doesn't live in the drone either.
I knew Trebor.
Trebor was a friend of mine.
Robert Trebor.
Yeah.
Now let's not begin with the antenna.
A giant electric torpedo that eats through the earth.
Emergency.
The crowd goes crazy.
Emergency.
The kitten is up a tree.
And we don't have a red light in here.
I'll just call Officer Down.
Officer Down.
Officer Down.
Just call 510-848-4425.
No, that's not too funny because there recently was an officer.
510-848-4425.
Yes, right.
Officer Goose Down, who was smothered in the line of duty.
Well, we knew about that.
But what we didn't know is...
Did you hear the intro we did on this show?
Did you hear any of the last...
Since midnight we've been talking about nothing but that.
But you were unable to hear me as I frantically telephoned from the land of the living to try to explain...
Ha ha.






...the reason for Dog's Day.
Oh, we just gave us a laugh.
Dog's Day is a frightening and sort of useless holiday that we're serving right now.
Dr. Yagrundus Quimby does not have a red light and is unable to participate in the Symposium of the Stars.
How about now?
Listen to him yell.
Here we go.
Now we've added the DNA chain.
Tell him about the mask.
Tell him about the mask.
The Triana Star Trek was built as a...
There we go.
There you go.
Look at him eat that meat.
Oh, he likes that stuff.
That's solid park rangers.
A flank steak of a ranger.
Yeah, well, you know, it's two-dimensionally.
Not too much with Yogi Bear.
I figure he deserves to be...
Hi, Yogi.
Hi, yourself.
Look, it's Floyd the barber here in Jellystone.
Oh, no.
Floyd the bartender?
Oh, boy.
Oh, I don't think...
Oh, come on.
That old Clem the Dittlehopper routine...
And now the double helix.
The double helix routine...
They're singing on stage.
They dance at the whirling derby speed of 759 miles an hour.
Stop laying a trip on poor little Gobi.
This is hurting my ankles.
You know, successful operation of the show depends on crew coordination.
Yes.
Absolutely.
Look at him swing those chihuahuas.
Don't forget about that.
As well as the proficiency of such individual crew members as me and you.
We don't want you to say anything.
Those are...
I don't have any predictions of getting in the show.
Those are, by the way,
the Madame Zonga's trained chihuahuas.
They're the same that we always have on this show.
The train...
That was tragic.
Don't be real.
Don't drag real life into this situation.
Those are the trained chihuahuas.
They are capable of jumping through hoops.
They...
Not now.
Not after that last train went over them.
Well...
Look at him go.
Look at that hoop.
Okay, now the trainer is lighting the hoop with a...
They're lowering their standard.
A little bit lighter.
That's Mr. Charles' trainer.
You know, I wouldn't do that
considering how flammable that...
My favorite is...
That...
Carburetor's trainer is.
Did you know there's a scholarship to Harvard?
There's either in that.
Anyone named Trainer?
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Named Trainer or...
Named Trainer.
Not Jane or...
Jane or...
Has to pay like everyone else.
In fact, he has to pay more than everyone else.
He had a scholarship, but...
Well, he lent it to somebody.
It was in the pocket of a leather jacket that he mislaid.
You can't...
You can't go to your own class.
You can't read your own textbook.
You can't tell your own jokes.
You can't...
The crowd...
The crowd loves it.
You can't do your own homework.
Listen to that applause beating like wave upon wave on the sand.
Ah.
All right, gentlemen.
The sweat-soaked, exhausted figure of Jane or...
The chihuahuas are taking their positions.
Okay, now look.
They're going to start launching.
They're launching these chihuahuas.
Now, look at how they do this.
Look at them go.

They load them into an air cannon,
and then they fire them off like that.
Yeah, that's great.
How do they...
How do they stay upright like that for so long?
Well, now look at that.
Some of them, you see,
are attached to monofilament lines,
and they attract...
Oh, yeah.
Look what happens.
Oh, you can...
And they spook them by putting their line down
each side of the spider, spooking the chihuahua.
Well, another chihuahua goes to dog heaven,
but the crowd loves it.
Oh, okay.
You know, it's...
And the others are all quite faster and faster.
Eduardo is...
No, they heat the state so it gets red hot,
and then these little pooches can really...
That's what that hissing is.
That's Eduardo.
Or at least it's not the audience.
They're using it to tell where they are.
The faster they move, the more steam they generate.
The more it spins, the much.
And it goes up to these big convection fans up...
See up there?
Listen to them.
Well, you know, if we could just harness this energy,
we could solve the energy crisis.
There's enough energy here to heat a small office building.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, they are heating a small...
Look, they carry that office building
around the country with them.
Actually, it's getting kind of hot in here.
Yeah, they're billowing steam.
They'll turn off the blower during the intermission.
You know, T-Man is a bad example.
I always thought so.
Now, do they feed these chihuahuas hot chili peppers
before the...
Well, actually...
Wow, look at that.
There's another one on fire.
Each chihuahua consumes a...
A jalapeno burrito equal to its own weight.
Every five minutes.
The explosive discharges and flaming gas that result
are, in fact, what propels these little doggies
on their orbital relation with the Earth.
It's pretty amazing, actually.
The whole thing is monitored by the SPCA.
And there, her face caked with several layers of pancake makeup.
Madame Lagonga beams down at her little charges
as they rise on the stage.
You know, she's starting to really look her age.
Oh, boy.
There went the last three of them.
That's too bad.
Oh, well.
But the show must go on.
And the electrical galvanic bolts keep them activated.
Now, look.
Yeah, look at this.
Now, they're making them move around with wires.
Yeah, it's amazing.
I don't think that was actually true.
I don't know.
This is sort of tasteless.
Oh, come on.
The crowd loves it.
The whole show is tasteless.
Just stop it.
Uh-oh.
Now they're moving.
Uh-oh.
Now we're getting that underlying sound.
I had nothing to do with it.
That was programmed.
That's what they're here.
I want to get stabilizers.
I'm sorry.
I cannot take responsibility for this atrocity,
which I deployed.

As far as much as anyone else on the show.
And I want to say that I'm sure when we find
one of the perpetrators of this grotesque act of animal cruelty,
they will be punished.
And I will be more anxious than anyone else to see the justice system.
You know, when your five-year-old calls his friend Bonehead
and tries to run her over with his bicycle.
Yeah, I know.
Punish the television as well as the child.
I always hit it with a wet towel.
We do.
We do, actually.
I have a stereotype of that happening.
Because hundreds of TVs being smashed.
Into little bits and transistors.
Well, it makes sense because children are learning many things
from the cartoon character He-Man.
The most powerful man in the universe.
We were just talking about that last show.
Most of it is not good.
College education from that guy.
Wow.
He-Man scholarship to He-Man school.
Isn't there something about He-Man was a blonde G.I. Joe?
He is.
There's something about that.
He not only has made in Hong Kong stampede process buttocks,
but I understand he has two left.
Feet.
That's true.
An unfortunate oversight at the factory left the ruler of Eternia a clubfooted gimp.
He's not.
Well, you know, Doctor, you may want to, you may want to for the record state that again
because all of the tapes went off on all of the tape recorders around the country.
Well, I'm sorry.
So besides Hong Kong stampede is brought like all of us do.
He-Man is not popular.
Two left feet.
According to the overwhelming political victory last Tuesday,
the Skeletor forces have indeed for the time being submerged He-Man.
Oh.
And they are now on the political forces.
Thank goodness.
In a political revolution whose final results we are yet to see or even guess at.
Yes, sir.
Well, not only that but he has no cojones.
Well, but who does on the political scene.
Who does.
Yeah, exactly.
And when they are, they are a liability.
According to Mary Sue Pruitt.
According to the White House, for example.
The graduate.
Mary Sue Pruitt.

Oh, stop it, Hal.
You're just mad.
Because he turned you down.
Whose sexual assault suit was ripped off.
Hey, nice suit.
And in general, this is a disgraceful.
And ironed and pressed just like all the other people.
Well, it's a polyester suit.
I'm not going to.
I'm going to be one to throw stones.
According to Mary Sue Pruitt, the graduate assistant.
Why do you have to keep looking at her?
At the University of Tennessee.
Gas is exploding.
He-Man has no cojones.
Hurt families so long ago.
Oh, my gosh.
Look at that.

We're typing that in the computer.
It's just smooth plastic.
And he's right.
And he's right.
No trying to pull here.
Oh, I guess you can't pull anything.
This is not.
This is a plastic doll.
Well, no wonder kids don't want to imitate He-Man.
It's not very realistic.
No.
But of course, the anatomically realistic
He-Man dolls were personally removed by Jesse Helms
during the last rampage through the toy factory.
He-Man Hooters.
Oh, it's terrible.
Now, there's a little kit here.
Look, it's right here.
A little kit.
You go to the Hooters restaurant,
and you can sit the whole family down for less than $20.
Those are kind of awarded to the kids for not making a mess,
throwing the food on the floor, screaming at the window.
And we're punching in children.
OK.
Now, here's what the children of the two
dolls would look like if they were friends.
I'll tell you, man.
I never did take those pain pills, but I feel like I did.
After listening to that long, that's
an unusually long stretch of KPFA for us
to run here on the Hour of Slack.
But it's all a surprise to me and a wonderful example
of dipolar existentialism.
The Two Hals shows are rare and few
and far between.
But when we get two Hals with a puzzling evidence
and a Phineas and Arco, there just ain't no telling.
It's kind of like the Fireside Theater squared,
run four track, one album on each track,
and you are expected to listen with all four ears.
And if you do that, and you can do that, man.
I mean, you've got that many parts of your brain
that you could lose.
You've got that many parts of your brain

But you may not have.
You may have just shut off the radio going,
it steps beyond me.
I just can't follow it.
I don't blame you.
But I can.
And you can follow Bob, my friends.
Yes, you can follow Bob down into the very bits of hell
for all he cares.
All he wants is your money.
Hell, let's face it.
It's just a bunch.
Yeah, all these religions.
They're just ridiculous.
They're just a rip off.
We're just the only ones that come out and admit it.
But if you want to know how to spend a lot more
than you have already on this serious rip off,
I'm going to give you the post office box number
to write for free information from the church of the subgenius
regarding the radio shows, or the books, or the videos,
or the tapes, and so forth.
You know, you got that pencil ready?
I know you do.
It's of course, you know, you're going to have to do it.



Well, thanks for joining me.
And I'll try to make the text as simple as as usual,
as it always has been for the last 15 years.
Bob, at post office box, one, four, zero, three zero, six.
Yep, that's it.
Box one, four, zero, three zero, six.
In lovely Dallas, Texas.
Seven, five, two, one, four.
Ah.
we've got a little bit more show left to do.
I don't know quite what we could do with it.
You can hear in the background
Will Adob's over in his cubicle of the factory.
This huge factory here.
Sorting through your letters, checks
and sperm samples. We don't need those by the way.
We get a lot of them. We never asked for them.
This ain't like Alice Cooper.
You're not impressing us.
Don't send any more of those files. They don't keep well.
If you know what I mean. In the background here we have
Zug's Rift. The great Zug's Rift.
From his musical tragedies album
Villagers.
Let's just...
Well actually let's go up to the next piece on this and see what happens.
Let's do this.
It's our favorite.
Out in the grain

And if extracurricular activities are in your bag
Have we got a sports department for you.
For six straight eons
We've been number 1 emotional investor.
Glacier Racing. Our coach, Icy Dan, is absolutely unmatched in herding huge blocks of ice into a continent.
And when graduation comes, your family will watch in awe as the 2,000-piece lobotomized choir belts out your personal chant.
You'll appear in a puff of greasy black smoke, resplendent in your silk robe and mortarboard hat,
an unimaginable horror from the depths of beyond. Won't Mom be proud?
You'll take your first storm with the screams and gouts of blood.
It'll be a ceremony you'll remember for millennia.
And friends, our chants all have at least 20 melodic lines, ultra-complex, anti-harmony, mega-vibrato.
It's absolutely state-of-the-art.
We have our guarantee that these chants will result in elite, or at least non-com-deaf, followers.
And you don't have to go straight into the cutthroat business world.
You can stick around for postgraduate work, create your own universe, become a lord of creation.
All this and more can be yours, thanks to Elder God Tech,
sacrificing the present to bring the world of the future into the past.
Whoa! There we go! Back into the past again, friends.
Thanks to our good friend, uh, uh, Monte Kinsius, uh, Paul Ashley,
there with a little bit of the, uh, uh, uh, his Elder God's advertisement.
He can train you to be an Elder God, friends.
How to be annoying.
Yeah, and he can also train you how to be annoying, but I doubt if, uh, if any of us really need lessons on that.
It takes a heap of loving to make a house a home.
I'm just a son.
Sometimes I make a son.
I'm just a son.
Sometimes I make a son.
Hurry, baby.
I just deserve
sometimes I feel like a son.
Just like most Perardaninians do,


Yeah.
I'm heated.

He's a weird guy, too, because he's our production director,
but he came from the same radio station Billy came from in Boston?
Yeah.
That's right, yeah.
You're pretty good-looking.
What are you doing with Kate?
He's the last guy on the planet you should be with.
Who was the last guy he was with?
I don't believe that's your girlfriend.
It is.
When did you have sex with him last?
Yesterday.
Really?
Yes.
You made love to Kate.
And he's good?
I don't believe it.
What am I missing?
If Kate's is getting this, I could be with Terry Hatcher.
Christine, am I good?
Yes.
All right.
Thank you, mistress.
Damn, that hurt.
I only used my hand.
Damn, that hurt.
What if I brought out my paddle?
Look at the girl he's getting.
She's a kook, like Kate.
She's got pictures and everything.
Yeah, pretty soon you'll be calling her.
They're making appointments.
Hey, Kate, God bless you, man.
Good for you.
Goddess.
Do you call her goddess?
At times, sure.
Yeah.
Don't say God bless you.
Say goddess bless me.
I call her goddess.
She calls me God.
Yeah, Kate goes around the station saying,
you're supposed to say goddess bless me,
because he believes in Mother Nature.
Right.
So you believe in it.
Why does everybody else have to go along?
If Kate would really tell you about his religion,
you'd really have a good laugh.
Yeah.
It's really whacked out.
It's not whacked out at all.
What do you want to know?
Did he ever tell you about the religion?
Oh, sure.
Are you into it?
Are you into it now?
No.
No.
Well, I believe.
Even you don't believe.
I believe every woman is a goddess.
That I believe.
Yeah, I bet you do.
Yes, that's true.
Well, you certainly are.
I wonder where she came from to get this.
Hey, Kate, congratulations.
I'm happy for you.
I'm happy for you, Howard.
Yeah.
I don't know what's going on.
So are you going to get married?
Is that in the plan?
Not in the immediate plan.
Yeah.
No, life is complicated enough as it is now.
Right.
That's true.
They're just boyfriend and girlfriend.
I see.
Kate's just giving her that lavish lifestyle
she's always dreamed of.
Well, Bill, listen.
Congratulations with you and your girlfriend.
And that's certainly a score.
That's the best looking girl you ever got, I bet.
Yeah, I'd say so.
No offense.
Hey, listen.
He gets offended when I say he's not good looking.
I'm not good looking.
I know it.
Bill, you can't be suffering under the delusion
that you're some kind of a movie star.
Yeah.
I'm not, certainly.
But I felt cute until the day that you told me
that I had no looks, no personality.
That really made me feel bad.
You have a personality.
Oh, thanks.
It's just hard to take.
That's all.
No, Bill, I like you.
You know that.
You know I'm an admirer of your production balance as well.
I'm the one who keeps talking.
I'm the one who keeps talking.
I'm the one who keeps talking.
I'm the one who keeps talking.
Watch it off of the Caladrella.
What?
The Caladrella.
What?
The Caladrella.
What?
What?
What?
Thank you.
Thank you.
