Bud Light presents the subgenius power of swag.
Today we salute you, real American heroes.
Don't stay in too long, or everyone will shout.
Finish quickly and come back.
One, two, three.
I met her in a bar, naturally.
And naturally she wanted to dance.
I politely declined, naturally.
I said I really hate this band.
We went for a coffee at a little cafe.
I had more picks in my pocket than I had spare change.
She said hold it right there.
Just stop.
Where you are.
Not another guy.
Not another guitar.
Couldn't get her off of my mind, naturally.
And so naturally I gave her a call.
So when I answered the phone, naturally.
Then I recalled that she lived with her mom.
I said do you have a daughter?
That's the fairest by far.
She said who shall I cease calling?
Who shall I say that you are?
Tell her lover boy is here.
And could I borrow her car?
Oh, not another guy.
Not another guitar.
No!
Not another guy.
Not another guitar.
She said you boys are so, you're all the same.
You're chasing a dream that you cannot name.
A shoulder to cry.
A sofa to crash.
A mean little mama with no strings attached.
She said you should have a song.
No better I should.
But you go out and make it all sound so good.
You're chasing a dream.





Well, to make a long story short, naturally, we fell in love and she done me wrong.
She say the same about me, naturally, but to my face and not in a song.
We're both gonna make that same old mistake again someday.
It's gonna happen to her, it'll sure not happen to me.
There's just something in that music that makes us do that dance.
In that special room of tears and fear and fear and romance.
As soon as 19 sounds ring your big ID.
You know you're never too young to be too old for me.
And I'm never too bad to be more trouble than I'm worth.
Just another sad angel singing to the sad earth.
It's another long night, it's another long month.
It's another long line to hear another long tune.
It's another long line.
It's across another long bar.
Another girl, another guy, another guitar.
Another girl, another guy, another guitar.
Well, I'm just another guy with another guitar.
Just like Chris, another guy with another guitar.
Another girl sitting on the roof.

Yes, dear friends.
This is your host and prayer partner, Reverend Ivan Stagg.
And I'm sitting in Tarzan's radio studio with buddy, the guard dog.
Princess Wee is in the kitchen cooking.
And I'm going to read to you.
Oh, that was the Rainmakers.
I decided to read to you because we're going to publish another novel after Neighbor World.
Our next subgenius space opera, this one is, is called Eyelash by Nikolai Kingsley, who lives in Australia.
And I'm not going to read this in an Australian accent because I can't.
I simply can't.
But here, let's, it starts with a quote from, I don't know how to pronounce this,
Donatien Alphonse François, Marquis de Sade of the Duke of Bangly, the 120 Days of Sodom.
Justifying his turpitude with equal amounts of cleverness and effrontery,
he loudly proclaimed that his poltroonery, being nothing more than the desire,
to preserve himself, it were perfectly impossible for anyone in his right senses to condemn it for a fault.
So that might sum up subgeniuses, and that's what this novel is about.
They were waiting for the end of the world.
The precise time and date had been set long ago, X day, 7 a.m., July 5th.
After that day had come and gone, it was just a...
matter of getting the year right.
Until that happened, it was an occasion for end of the world parties.
Elif Na Roach, formerly John Matthew Lee, hadn't taken any of it seriously until his abduction.
He'd been shown the reality of the situation through the always effective medium of personal experience.
He had once believed the whole subgenius thing was a joke,
a parody of millennia of the past, and that it was a joke.
But it was a lie.
masala




stationary
abduction
zombie
I have out there this whole day to pretend to be stupid,
who will prove,
who will tell me about all the creatures and all that they do,
shock, he'd abandoned his mundane identity, burned his credit cards, changed his name,
and hidden in a safe cocoon of hermetically self-contained paranoia for two years before
he came across other subgeni who'd been abducted. It was one thing to look up at the stars and
think humanity would be exploring them one day, and quite another to realize it was already
very crowded out there. Crowded with things that made humanity look like a cluster of dazed
cheese mites by comparison. He dealt with it, mostly, but it was a sort of bump in the road
of life that left a permanent bend in your front axle. While most of the subgeni around the world
got drunk, danced, and made a lot of money, he was still a little bit of a man.
Made a lot of noise, Elif Naroche and Ty, no surname, huddled under blankets in Ty's backyard
and drank peppermint tea, anxiously watching the skies as 7am drew near. Elif was a short
34-year-old apprentice engineer with the rounded features of someone who's about to start a diet.
She was a helplessly mediagenic 26-year-old woman who was a little bit of a pain in the
neck, and had a few things to say about her. She was a young 18-year-old geek lesbian, or lesbian
geek, depending on who was to hand, studying neurology and artificial intelligence through
round wireframe glasses. Her black hair contrasting with skin pale from a life spent indoors. Her
every movement restricted by myasthenia gravis, complicated by a series of typically 21st century
autoimmune syndromes.
Elif nervously clutched his mug of tea. Ty's cup rested on the padded arm of her wheelchair.
This is pointless, really, he said. It won't be this year, but it'll be soon. I know they say that
every year. But her voice was soft, just audible over the sound of nearby traffic and sirens.
Before that day, Elif hadn't spoken of this to
anyone, not even the other abductees. But that's what he told me.
He? Him? You actually met him? He examined his mug. Actually him, the man. I met J.R. Bob Dobbs,
in the flesh. The dealmaker. The one and only high-e popped of the church's
subgenius. Elif sipped his tea and swallowed grimacing. He told me either this year or next
year, and I could tell at the time he was really worried about her. Ty hadn't been abducted, but
she had met some of the tentacled things that had taken Elif. She knew enough to take it seriously,
knew that Elif took it very seriously, and knew him well enough to want to lighten the mood.
What was he like?
Elif laughed quietly a series of short hisses from his nostrils and smiled.
He's a really nice guy. You'd trust him with your life savings, and if the deal went bad,
and everybody lost their money, you'd forgive him and trust him again. It's what makes him
such a great salesman. He's a little vague at times, like he's got a lot on his mind,
but you can tell he's very sharp underneath it all, and, uh, uh…
Glancing away with a smile, Elif looked back at him, and he looked at him with a very sad face.
He was probably the first guy I've ever felt even vaguely attracted to. I don't know what it was.
It was aftershave, I think. Maybe the pipe smoke.
Ty laughed.
You're the most relentlessly hetero guy I know, and you're gay for Bob.
Elif shook his head in a slow, dazed moment, lost in thought.
It's just one of the things about him.
He stared up into the sky.
Something halfway between meme and the aroma of the pipe smoke. It faded a little after
he went back to Malaysia, but it's always there. Like hepatitis. Like the Numa Numa song.
He poured tea and blew gently to cool it. It was a night like this. Clear skies, about
half past six in the morning when my phone rang. And, as he said the words, of course,
his phone started ringing.
He said,
And in a moment, he stared at her, eyes wide.
She gave him an encouraging hug.
Go on. Answer it. It has to be he!
He drew a deep breath.
I'm not ready for this. I'm not ready for the end of the world!
She rested her fingers on the back of his hand and tapped a five-button bat-keyboard
pattern.
With the cautious error of someone unlatching a gun's safety catch, Elif thumbed the pulsing
answer icon and held the phone to his ear. He didn't need to ask who it was.
Mr. Dobbs, hello. A pause of 15 seconds. Yes. Of course, yes.
Yes, she is. One moment, please. He addressed Ty. Are you up for a short trip into the city?
Her eyes widened. She was plainly exhausted from the evening's vigil, but the chance of meeting Bob
immediately said, hell yes. Elif nodded. We'll be there, sir. No, thank you. It's quite an honor.
The phone beeped. The call ended and a disabled access taxi pulled up in
the laneway behind Ty's apartment, ready for her wheelchair.
Well, friends, yes, they meet Bob.
And many, many terrors ensue.
Whoa, there's one of them right now. We better call Lonesome Cowboy Dave or cut to this.
So
you
in about two seconds, some dumb mother will fire up the chainsaw.
Jesus only knows where I am, but I can't get him on the phone.
Right now, Jesus, me ain't much help. I need to get gone away home.
Now, Mr. Dunn, can I see?
Nicolai!
You gotta be kidding me
What are you laughing at?
This ain't funny, I don't get to joke
And what are you looking at?
Don't stare at a man when he's dead broke
Well I've seen things I never wanna see
Hoping it's a bad dream
Standing on a cliff, grab my wrist
I'm gonna take your death with me
Nicolai!
Again I see
Nicolai!
You gotta be kidding me
Take the phone off the hook
I don't wanna look until everything's right again
This ain't the first time
Won't be the last, but I'll see you to the bitter end
I walked the plank, I robbed the bank
Ignoring the consequence
Just when I think I made my escape
All hell breaks loose again
Nicolai!
For the eleventh time
Nicolai!
This life can't be mine
Nicolai!
You gotta be putting me on
Oh no!
Nicolai!
This is my song
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!

Oh!
Oh!

Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!


Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
contacts.
C for cowboy, right?
He says the buzz is gone.
The buzz is gone.
The buzz is gone away.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The buzz is gone.
Hello?
Daveman.
Daveman?
Daveman.
No, it's Reverend Ivan Stang.
Oh, it's Reverend Ivan Stang right now?
Yeah, in Princess We Are Doe.
Yeah.
You just called, don't you remember?
You just called WCSB.
Yeah, that's right.
I just called.
Oh, how could I?
You're on the air, man.
Turn your radio down.
Hi, man.
The red light is on.
He scanned 25 minutes and a half ago.
I already forgot.
Can you imagine such a silly thing?
Well, you said that you could call early.
Yeah, but I also said I could fly.
And if boondoggles had wings, I'd be the Prince of Norway.
Dave, some people say you are the Prince of Norway.
Yes.
I am the Prince of Norway.
They've been saying that, too, Dave.
Long time for now.
Well, we're not really at WCSB, either.
No, I know, because you're an astute liar.
What'd you call me?
What kind of liar?
Astute?
Astute.
What kind of?
What's astute?
It's a person's...
I'm a good liar.
I'm not a stoop liar.
That means, like, stupid, I bet, don't it?
Hey, I found my father's list of big words that he used to confuse and insult people
without their knowing it.
And they would know if they got confused, but they wouldn't know they'd been insulted,
because he was using chariantism.
He was practicing chariantism.
Chariantism?
Yeah, that was one of his vocabulary words on this little secret list that he carried
around that he used to impress people with his entomology knowledge.
Yes.
Which he actually did have.
I mean, he compiled the list himself, fair and square.
Yeah, he had a little entomology.
I should have whipped it out for this show.
I whipped it out?
Yeah.
Oh, please don't.
The list, and then I used it on you.
Well, we'll do that next time.
It's for a future show.
Because I'd have to...
I'm not sure where I'd put that.
You'll get to that.
It's in the can.
It's in the can.
Everything is still in flux and Charlie mucks here, because we unpacked everything, but
then we don't know where we put it away.
I'm still looking for everything.
That's so true.
I have to look.
We've got ten different places to find every CD or tape or tool or soul or address.
So yeah, we kind of lost the canisters of a lot of souls.
I'm sure they're around here somewhere.
The subgeniuses, I mean, they should feel safe.
They shouldn't feel like we've really lost their soul or anything.
Yeah, especially if you weren't going to huff it directly or immediately.
Not us.
Not us.
No, we wouldn't.
Are you kidding?
Bob would kill us.
This is what's going to be used to sell to the X-ists.
Right.
It's got to be passed down the line, so to speak, before it gets to...
Moon, moon, moon, moon, moon, moon, moon, moon, moon, moon, moon, moon, moon, moon, moon, moon,
central, part one.
Planet X, we call it, although that's not what they call it.
What do they call it again?
We wouldn't be able to pronounce it because it's not...
It's not done in sounds.
It's done in...
Which we obviously can't even pronounce.
So...
Yeah, it's all alien stuff.
It's so alien that you might as well just go, oh, it's magic.
Yeah, because there's no reference point in our scientific world because their science
has expanded beyond it.
Right.
They're so advanced, they don't even need science anymore.
Right.



It's just magic.
That's the way we could look at it.
Yeah.
That's the safest way for us to look at those particular aliens, and those are the only
ones we need to look at because they can beat all the other ones, except possibly the Yucatisma.
They got dodecahedron heads and stuff, you know, ten-sided heads and everything.
It's a weird customary asthmatic to be riding one.
They only have four.
They actually only have four faces on their heads.
But one fits on each side, right?
Yeah.
It's like north, south, east, west.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's right.
They do.
Well, when they had bodies, they did.
Or their bodies may still exist somewhere, but they don't need them.
And what in the world did they do with their bodies once they throw them away?
We don't know.
We don't know.
But we know that they are bodiless aliens at this point.
And you don't have the right nor the Qualarones to call them disembodied?
They don't have bodies, but they have machines that do the work for them, of course.
Machines that might well be called the human race.
Yeah.
So, yeah, they're pretty good manufacturers.
That's the sad part at the very end.
Well, not the actual end, but right before the end.
Well, actually, the sad part is that...
What?
The...
The...
The X-ists invented on Earth near the end of the age of dinosaurs were the Yeti.
Our shared ancestors.
But unfortunately, the Yeti then went on to use X-ist downloaded technology to create the humans,
who were originally going to be like lab rats, but they got out and the bad Yetis started, well,
using them for pleasure.
And the next thing you know, they were little half-breed Yeti and humans, and that's where
the subgeniuses came from.
But then there were a lot more humans that were just...
That had no Yeti blood at all.
And they overran the Earth and they destroyed it.
And then they switched Earth with Mars, and now we're destroying it.
They're destroying it again.
And we're trying to get away from it before...
Before they finish the job, so that we can finish the job.
From a distance.
From a distance, yeah.
From a parsec of about five trillion light years.
We don't want to get too close or we'll send your eyelids.
Well, we want to be able to see the details, the juicy details of the end of the world
that we're not part of up close in VR.
It'll be as if we were there.
It will really be, I don't know, brains in jars or something.
I don't care.
It doesn't matter.
Once we're ruptured, once we're on our way to Planet X, I don't care whether what we're
experiencing is real or not.
So I'm like the guy in the Matrix.
I just want another good, real good steak dinner.
Or how about they live where the guy...
It just has to be realistic.
That's all I ask.
So what?
I just remember the guy in the live Rodney Rodney Piper, whatever his name was, he ordered
a steak at the nun's.
They live?
Yeah, and he became a dystopian science fiction fool watcher.
Rodney Rodney Piper?
Yeah, he could eat more food, more, well, that's the way he phrased it.
I could eat more chicken than any man ever seen.
I don't know, that sounds kind of silly.
Another thing he said was, I came here to chew gum and kick ass and I'm all out of
gum.
Yeah.
Well, that's after he discovered that all the Republicans...
Yeah.
...were actually hideous skull-faced aliens from another planet and that the humans had
been hypnotized and brainwashed by these rays used by the aliens that make the world look
like it looks to us.
But if we put on the special glasses...
We could see the subliminal ads like disobey authority and smoke your mommy and stuff like
that.
Well, no, that was the opposite.
It was obey and marry and have kids.
You look at a dollar bill and it said, this is your God.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It was about as subtle as a sledgehammer and there was a lot of sledgehammer fighting in
that since it involved pro wrestlers as actors.
But that was a great John Carpenter movie.
It was iconic and of a truly subgenius nature.
Anyway...
Because it basically said your whole world was completely, completely fake.
You're seeing only the faintest echoes of what's really going on.
Yeah.
And that's what it's all about.
I mean, I remember when that fight was like Sparkets versus the Onion People or something
like that.
It lasted for three and a half hours here selling programs and people were walking around
with wieners and so forth and offering cigarettes to their various girls.
Yeah.




And they were dancing around the ballroom.
Now, Dave, is that one of your real memories or do you think maybe that's just part of
the dream?
I think it might be an implant.
I'm part of an implanted part.
That's my fear.
Well, yeah.
How would we know?
We don't know what year this is.
How would I know?
We know that for sure that we don't know what year this is.
And we know for sure we're not sure what planet this is.
Right.
So why would we know?








Well, how do we really know anything?
That's the epistemologist's dream.
How do we understand?
How do we know anything?
That's the flat earther's dream.
World looks flat, must be flat.
They fake all those pictures.
And of course, the round world believer just says, well, then drive to the edge and take
a picture, please.
Well, they hide the edge.
It's like, why?
Yeah, that's what I want to know.
Why hide the edge?
Yeah, why hide the edge of the flat earth?
Just because we could, because we elites could, just to laugh at the rubes running around
thinking that-
To gaslight them.
Yeah, that's it.
That's it.
That's what Church's subgenius is all about, gaslight the whole planet.
I never thought of it that way.
Bob was pretty smart.
Tricky guy.
Yeah.
But what does that really mean?
I'm confused.
I've got a little empathic organ thing going on here right in my fetus.
It seems to me like if I change my shoes off enough, I'm never going to get where I want
to be going, so to speak, anyway.
You're speaking metaphorically, right?
Or do you really mean your shoes?
Those particular, because, you know-
Well, metaphorically, I'm not going to be going to the toilet.


Metaphorically, shoes mean your ability to get around, to dance.
Oh, I see.
Or to pilar, as they say in total Hungarian.
I get mine at Walmart, those Dr. Scholl therapeutic shoes that have Velcro straps, you don't have
to mess with tying them.
So, Dave, have you been-
It's slack full.
Changing your means of movement lately?
Yeah, because sometimes if your gluteus maximus is too tight, you're going to get a little
bit of a cramp.
Yeah, the gluteus maximus is too large for the whale board.
They have to put you on one of those-
There's a lot of good scrimshaw on that whale board.
Yeah.
But what's on the gluteus maximus is just gross.
That's not scrimshaw, that's for sure.
I don't know what it is.
But the gluteus, they've got to throw it out.
The gluteus maximus parts, of course, they have to be thrown out.
But sometimes, if you've got enough, you know, like make dog food out of it, or you can make
those hard cake cracker biscuits.
So they're not all-
There's the buzz came.
Hi, Buzz.
Everyone, listeners, all say hi to the Buzz.
Now we all got a Buzz together.
That's right.
It's my pet.
Man, that Buzz just kicked in, man.
It's my pet fly, Buzz.
Don't harsh my Buzz.
It's not too bad.
No, it's not.
Let's just turn the music up a little bit.
It's a nice warm voice.
Dave can't hear the music.
I'm sorry.

It's only the Buzz.
Why would it do that to me right now?
Why couldn't it wait until tomorrow or some other?
Oh, you breathed.
There, look, it went away.
I saw it go away.
It's basic unfairness.
It's just general-
It's, talk about your subliminal messages.
It's a fickle Buzz.
Well, which one was the ficklest of them all?
The mud?
Every time that Buzz happens, Princess, we usually-
Your face suddenly changes into a hideous skull alien face, and the dog looks like
I don't even know what.
Then when the Buzz stops, you look like you again, and the dog looks like Buddy.
I don't know what that Buzz is doing.
It's putting some veil over my vision, I guess.
That must be it.
It's got a direct-
It can't be lifting the veil.
It's got a direct finger on your pancreas.
Not your pancreas.
What do they call that?
Your hippocampus?
Your amygdala or whatever?
It's got a finger on your-
That's it.
That's it.
You should sell-
It's got a finger on your amygdala.
You should sell that Buzz to Devo.
They were always looking for the tone or the note that would make everyone in the audience
spontaneously lose control of their bowels or whatever.
Yeah, I remember that.
Anything that would affect some sort of secret sound that they could work into their music
where you say you'd leave the concert way different than you would leave the concert.



You know where they got that information the first time?
The CIA.
The Blues Magoos.
The band the Blues Magoos.
The Blues Magoos did that?
The Blues Magoos experimented with the same thing.
It was called Sonic something or another, and it was a minute and a half of a frequency
that was designed to make you have to go to the bathroom.
Sonic BM.
So Devo ripped that idea off from the Blues Magoos?
No.
It's an idea that once you're in a band and you're thinking about musical type of stuff
and vibrations of sound and everything like that, once you know there is a vibration that's
going to make somebody go poo whether they want to or not, you like that.
Yeah, you're going to be in search of that lost chord forever.
Right.
Exactly.
I hate to say it, but that was extremely remarkably well put.
In search of the lost chord.
That's what you're looking for.
Yeah.
Well, it was that Moody Blues album.
The Moody Blues almost achieved it.
They generally made me vomit rather than excrementitate.
Not the Moody Blues, the Blues Magoos.
Right.
No, that's why anything with the word blues in it, they were always trying to do that.
The Moody Blues were in search of ... Weren't they in search of a lost chord?
Or am I thinking of somebody else?
Yeah, no, that's right.
Unfortunately.
Yeah.
So, you just can't trust the Blues.
They're like other instruments.
Any other ...
They make you lose your bowel control.
That would explain a lot.
That would explain my infarctance.
I've been listening to the Rainmakers too much.
Ah.
They must have some frequency they use that make you flatulent.
Now, that's another one.
That's the OSS developed that in World War II to attract Japanese sailors to get them
to join the Navy and stuff like that.
And many of them just couldn't do anything with this farting.
They just fart their blues away.
Wow.
Listen to what the buzz is doing.
It's speaking to me.
X-Boy, hey, hey, hey.
If you could replicate that tone, that would mean you'd have a hard time memorizing what
it looked like.
Hark, hark.
As a fan.
Logo, pink boy of Earth.
That's why they send their message.
Well, they did.
That last X-Day, there was a noise buried in that electrocating, electrocating, electrocating

I don't know if it was the radio.





It was a noise when Legume fired up his machine and I was trying to commune with Bob and everything
and I got electrocated.
Yeah.
And then Synthaltimus decoded the noise and it sounded like robot voices telling the humans
they had to try again.
X-Day, the aliens were going to come but we screwed up.
It was very confusing like it always is.
You can't tell whether you're...
Yeah, it was confusing.
What's right and what's wrong and what's up.
What's up and what's down and that's where they want us.
We just don't know and that's right where they want us.
There were clearly confusing directions.
Yes, clearly confusing.
All kinds.
Especially by the laundry chute, the turkey chute and the poop chute.
These were all three elements of nature.
Well, and that dick and the...
Yeah.
The stiff.
Yeah.
That was the really, really gross part.
The...
I mean, it wasn't a person exactly but it wasn't just an object either.
It was sort of a person.
Yes, it was much more than an object.
It was gross.
I left that in Cleveland deliberately.
We got to bring it to X-Day and then I'm going to give it to Philo.
I don't want it around here.
I don't want any of those things from Bob's storage room.
That's crap legumes digging up.
He's going to pull it off.



Do you know what the high cost of dark sorcery I think was the way his fundraiser put it?
Yeah, I remember that.
Man.
He was...
He got fired by the king of excrement.
What was his name?
Pablo Casals.
He was the world famous violin player only with the cello.
Yeah, yeah.
He was a cousin of Jerry Casale.
Yeah.
And Jerry Lewis and Jerry Lee Lewis.
Right.
So, he was a guy.






Yeah, they're all related.
And Jimmy Swaggart and Jimmy Carter, all related.
By name.
And Ron Warren and Ron Moore.
And Rusty Warren and the Warren Commission.
And Warren Bork.
Yeah, and Judge Bork and Bork the singer.
I think my favorite.
Well, I can't.
I better not say it.
There's a secret Bork, isn't there?
Yeah.
Yeah.

Insiders.
It's like, if you say the name, you die, right?
In Frankenstein's head.
Is that the way they do it?
Huh?
I heard it was one of those things like, what's the name?
You know, you ask somebody, well, what's the name of this group or organization?
I can't tell you.
If I say the name, I'll die.
And it seems like everybody's going to die whether they say the name or not.
I mean, they made that pretty clear.
I'm not going to take the name.
I'm not going to take the name.
I'm not going to take the name.





And by the same token, I'm going to repent on my deathbed.
I'll do it right now.
Oh, Lord, I actually believe in you.
I believe in you this whole time.
Deep inside my heart.
I repent of all the terrible things I said.
All the jokes I said about war on God.
Of course, you know it's a joke.
I knew you were laughing at it.
Because you guys said, oh, stop, God, please.
Okay, sorry.
I won't do it again.
See, I'm forgiven.
I was praying to the right one.
I've repented.
So that's okay.
Do I have to do it again on my deathbed?
Or am I cleared for good?
If I don't sin between now and when I die.
There you go.
Good luck.
Everything's a sin these days.
Everything we do is a sin.
Having fun, thinking your own thoughts, not telling other people what to do.
Drilling oil wells?
No, drilling oil wells, that's real good.
Especially if it's done in what had been a national monument or a national park.
Deep-flushing armpits?
No.
A general complex?
Grand Staircase Escalante in Utah is only like a third the size it used to be.
And now you can just drill all over the place out there now.
It's the most beautiful land I've ever seen.
It was the last explored part of the contiguous.
United States.
You've been to that area?
Yes, we did.
We tried to get to Spooky Canyon, but we were too fat to climb to the entrance.
And we took a mile-long canyon or straight canyon or narrow canyon or something.
We went to our canyon lands and arches and all of that.
But Grand Staircase Escalante is...
It's not exactly a national park.
But it's run by the Bureau of Land Management.
They just wanted to preserve it because it's unearthly.
Well, it's going to be full of condos.
Condos for the oil workers or whatever.
You know, uranium miners.
Miners.
They'll find something they have to mine to destroy that pristine beauty and about 900 species in so doing.
I know how it works.
I know how it works.


I know how they destroyed Earth the first time.
I mean, every time they did it.
They did it the same way.
You know, they just use up every resource and screw everybody and then move on to the next planet.
And it's just rich people doing it.
The top .0001%.
It's like about five people, you know that?
And all of them are pathological sadists.
They would have to be because I just looked at some of the income.
Some of these people.
Some of these people are pathological sadists.
And they're so wealthy.
Why wouldn't you take one hundredth of your wealth?
One tiny, teeny tiny part.
Just like go down to Puerto Rico, for instance, and say, oh, well, the electricity is still not on.
Just snap your fingers and put everything back together again.
And it could be done.
But with that amount of money they have, I just can't.
What does one person get out of having that amount of money?
Zuckerberg.
Are you listening to our Slack right now?
Zuckerberg, do the right thing.
That's Dr. Howell's neighbor, the rich kid.
Do the right thing?
No.
Or do the wrong thing?
No.
The inventor of Facebook lives around the corner from Paul Mavridis and Dr. Howell,
who live in a rent-controlled apartment that I'm surprised that they're allowed to live, frankly.
Because if Paul and Howell weren't there, that landlord could be getting like three or four thousand dollars a month at least for that place because of the location.
In the Mission District of San Francisco, which used to be the most poverty-stricken, it's the kind of place where people shopped in the supermarket in their nightgowns.
Yeah.
And that was Paul and Howell.
So you can imagine what the old housewives were wearing, nothing at all.
That's San Francisco, after all.
So anyway, that's the way it used to be.
Now it's all Silicon Valley kids.
And some of them guys moved down to the China Basin area down there, and they actually shaved their skulls and put little tiny like lapel pins in them.
Just to prove that they were, you know, just to prove that they were, you know.
Yeah.
Just status among other elites.

And that's why the guy had all them funny, remember that one movie that the guy had all the funny, had them pins in them and stuff like that?
Hellbender? Hellraiser?
Hellraiser or something like that.
Yeah, it had an incentivite in it.
Yeah.
Yeah, pinhead, pinboy, pinface, whatever.
That's what we tried to use anyway.
Oh, now kids do that to themselves just to be cool.
I saw a kid going into Glen Rose High School, just like that movie character with pins sticking out of him, all bald-headed and little lines drawn on his face.
That's just being cool.
He had a broomstick in his butt.
He was the coolest kid in school.
And the funny thing is they've been doing that in New York for ten years now.
I mean, they quit doing it ten years ago in New York and Paris and London.
Yeah.
It's just now hitting Glen Rose.
Glen Rose is like Ashtabula, their small little bird thing.
They get everything about ten years after.
Pretty soon they're going to have a Thai restaurant in Glen Rose.
Right.
Right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, everybody has long hair like me.
The old guys.
They finally got cool.
And now they have long hair.
Well, there are actually a bunch of—
But only the really old ones.
You know, the 50s to 70s, 70-year-olds.
I guess they were all a bunch of cowardly Vietnam deserters who decided to gather in one town and not be noticed by anybody.
No.
No, I'm just kidding.
No.
Oh, man.
This town is full of veterans.
My dad and I used to go out and do the flag stuff at all the cemeteries on Veterans Day.
Did you get to burn one when it got too old?
Of course.
We deliberately—if they touch the ground, you have to burn them.
So, oops, we dropped it.
Better burn that one.
You have to buy a new one.
That was part of the fun.
It was burning all the flags.


I protest like it was your Second Amendment right to have a party or something.
Well, you touched the ground, sir.
It was tainted.
You know, do you remember the flag folding routine that you did in like Boy Scouts and stuff?
Yeah.
Yeah, it was like having to learn all them knots and stuff.
It was all too hard for me to do.
You had to learn how to fold the U.S. flag.
You had to learn how to fold the flag just an exact certain way, perfectly.
And if you let that thing touch the ground, you have to burn it and then pay for a new one.
And it cost a million dollars each.
Yeah.
Now, in my high school, some radical history teachers decided they would show us how powerful symbols were to human beings.
And they had us all draw an American flag.
I'm like, why the hell are they asking us to do this?
Okay, whatever.
We hand them in.
They picked the prettiest one.
It wasn't mine.
And they burned it.
And then they knocked the flag in the classroom over on the ground and walked out and left us to discuss what had happened.
And, of course, we just kind of looked at each other and went, that's weird.
Except for one kid who went home and told his dad all about it and said, they burned an American flag, Daddy.
Well, he was, that kid was the son of the publisher of the Dallas Morning News.
And in a short time, those two teachers were fired.
The headmaster was fired.
And the school switched from being kind of a liberal arts thing to strictly H. Ross Perot machine for cranking out the proper kind of rich kids.
Not the kind who worry about whether people are too wrapped up in the American flag.
And symbols, nationalistic symbols, as if those things were the real thing.
Well, sometimes symbolic things are real.
Well, yeah.
I mean, like.
To people.
People, yeah, people, sure.
Yeah, people sure what?
Yeah, but people sure are dumb.
That's my, that's the problem.
Yeah, I guess you got it there.
And, again, you hear a subgenius saying people are dumb.
Man.
They really are.
Oh, the world's gone to a bad place now.
The subgenius says they're dumb like it's a bad thing.
They've got to be really, really, like even when even a subgenius thinks somebody else is dumber than them.
Oh, my God.
Of course, the subgenius is dumb, so he could be wrong.
But the subgenius admits that.
The dumb human doesn't admit that.
Therein lies the critical.
It's not normal, not the dumb human.
There's absolutely critical difference.
The subgenius knows that it could well be wrong.
The normal, that thought never enters their head.
And that's why they're wrong.
Nor does any other.
Right.
So, it's not that we're smarter.
It's that we're dumber.
It's we're better only because we're different from them.
That's good enough.
Being different from the normals, that's good enough.
Yeah.
Better, worse, doesn't matter.
It's better if you're different from them.
Period.
I'd wear a zebra's shoes and follow anybody around.
Of course, it's better in the way of really tall, handsome, good-looking, rich, intelligent, and original, and kind, and brave.
But if you can only be different, that's better than dumber.
Normal?
Yes.
Because look at what the normals have done.
With some rogue sub...
They've been enabled entirely by rogue subgeniuses.
Unsaved subgeniuses who could have been slack, flim, bob, but instead became resentful, authoritarian monsters, really.
They're emergentiles gone evil.
Who never got saved by slack.
Horrible.
Horrible.

It is.
Horrible.
Way to go.
Horrible.
Could be so much worse than we ever think of that.
Did you ever, you know, think of that?
It could be ten times worse.
It is.
Every second it becomes ten times worse.
It's like the budget deficit.
With every single second, everything becomes a hundred million times worse.
We thought the critical mass would be hit years ago.
So when it goes, it's going to go big time.
Bigly.
Bigly.
Yeah.
Bigly.
But I won't be here to see it.
Where will you be?
I'll be on Planet X with Bob.
And Connie, and Princess Wee, and Buddy.
And you, Dave.
Yes, even you.
Yeah, but I'll be on Planet Y just to be contrary to you.
There you go.
See your difference.
You better.
Except the problem is Planet Y is where the Yakatizma come from.
And they're...
Well, you know how scary the X's are?
Yeah.
They're scared of the Yakatizma.
But I wouldn't spell it like Y for Yakatizma.
Yakatizma, I'd spell it W-H-Y for like why not or what me worry.
Oh, that.
Oh.
The white me worry.
What me.
White me worry.
Yeah.
I must say, as an aside, I think the most recent, the last couple of months of Mad Magazine
are truly superb.
I haven't seen Mad Magazine in the last couple of months.
I haven't either.
We had a subscription for about 10 years, but they started running ads and they changed
the artist on that one strip and...
We just got disgusted.
Well, we didn't so much get disgusted, it's just we didn't want to pay for it anymore.
But for the most part, Mad Magazine is still the real news.
Not the fake news.
Mad Magazine has the real news.
I mean, if Elf Prisoner, Ivanov, Nirvana, Trump, and Berger has its direct connection
to the antenna and the inquirer and stuff, why can't we have our own inquirer, which
is, you know, used to ask questions?
Well, it's called the Stark Fist of Removal.
It's just online now is the problem.
But, you know, there's The Onion, The Mighty Onion, not that I really follow it anymore.
They don't mail out the printed page anymore.
Consarn it.
Oh, the death of books.
And we're going to print another book.
I was reading earlier in this show, Dave, I was reading from Nikolai Kinney.

Kingsley's book, Eyelash, which we're going to publish now that we've got Neighbor World
out there.
I still have to do the books on that.
I heard Wee Ma Ma sneeze in the kitchen.
I bet the listeners could hear it, too.
I could hear it, too, even though we're here in France.
Wow.
She could sneeze pretty loud.
She's 88 years old, so she knows how to sneeze better than anybody.
But yet it's so dainty.
Yes.
Demure, delicate.
It's you.
It's you.
It's great living with an 88-year-old person because she has wisdom, the wisdom of patience and slack.
Yes.
She's unearthly patient.
And, you know, patience, here's a little-known Bob quote, Dave, and you'll see why we don't advertise this one very much.
Patience is the only form of time control that we actually have available to us.
Now, is that depressing or what?
I mean, subgeniuses all talk about time control, time control.
I can control time.
I'm going to make bad times go short and good times go real long.
I'm time control, time control.
No.
No.
Patience.
If you really can develop patience.
What would I read today?
Rationality is freedom.
Patience and rationality.
Rationality is freedom.
That's so boring.
And patience is time control.
Yes, friends.
The Church of the Senior Subgenius preaches the truth.
We may not practice what we preach because we're not the same kind of person we're preaching to.
But you can learn more from subgenius.com or write to us.
And we'll send you to our new address at the compound here at Post Office Box 807 Glen Rose, Texas 76043.
Yes, you've been listening to the Hour of Slack number 1652.
Sixteen hundred and some odd.
And even hours of slack.
Delivered straight into your ear holes by that man Bob and his called ministers such as your surely Reverend Ivan Stang.
And my co-host Princess We Are Doe seen here on camera three.
And Lonesome Cowboy Dave seen here with our streaming net cam.
And the magic of radio.
The magic of radio.
And uh...
Neighbor World.
Yes.
Welcome to Neighbor World, neighbor.
The Neighbor World.
The world where everyone is joined together at the knees and the hip sockets.
And everyone...
And the eye sockets and the brain sockets.
The tree walking brain socket doctors.
Tree walking brain socket doctors.
I finally figured out where that came from.
The tree walking...
Jane-er must have known somebody who had a treeing walker.
Like that little dog right there.
A treeing walker coon house.
So tree walking brain socket doctors.
Now it all adds up.
Of course brain socket.
That's, you know, needless to say.
It doesn't need to be delineated.
And doctors, well that's what we all are.
Of types of doctors.
Form of doctors.
Skull...
Well we're farmers too.
We're...
Skull farmers.
We're skull farmers.
And we're doctors for Bob.
Not to be confused with the band Doctors for Bob.
No one would want to become confused.
No.
Never.
Well friends...
Good night.
Good night.
And have a pleasant...
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
We're all throwed up, we're all gone while they all
Then be like a stepchild
And if you saved the world, then visit that day one
Put on a case and you'll see me
In spite of everything, it's pretty good to be alive
In spite of you, in spite of me
Oh yeah, in spite of everything, it's pretty good to be alive
I've seen dreams die soon, folks hate it seen
The devil's slow gone, spray paint it seen
Figures of authority, saying bad is good
I've seen the six o'clock news in my own neighborhood
In spite of everything, it's pretty good to be alive
In spite of you, in spite of me
Oh yeah, in spite of everything, it's pretty good to be alive
I've seen the six o'clock news in my own neighborhood

In spite of everything, it's pretty good to be alive
In spite of everything, it's pretty good to be alive
In spite of everything, it's pretty good to be alive
A band heart broke a band
Ball busted band
Short chains of band
Mistrust again
Slander in the streets
Labeled in the press
I've been embarrassing the backroom
Booked by the press
In spite of everything, it's pretty good to be alive
In spite of you, in spite of me
Oh yeah, in spite of everything, it's pretty good to be alive
Rock again
In spite of everything, it's pretty good to be alive
In spite of everything, it's pretty good to be alive
In spite of everything, it's pretty good to be alive
Well, there's a camouflage tank sitting resting in a dump
There's a camel in a tent where the horn is humped
The temperatures are rising, people hiding in the shade
The ice caps melting, we're making lemonade
In spite of everything, it's pretty good to be alive
In spite of you, in spite of me
Oh yeah, in spite of everything, it's pretty good to be alive
In spite of you, in spite of me
Oh yeah, in spite of everything, it's pretty good to be alive
Ha ha ha.
Okay.
Okay, they're not listening anymore.
This is part two of the show.
The part they don't like because it goes on for more than an hour.
We actually got a little bit of...
Last week I left a half an hour of our gibber-gabber on the end of the internet version.
Uh-huh.
And somebody said,
I didn't come here for poodle masturbation.
I came here for slack.
Oh, wait.
No, I was mixed up.
It was the other way around.
Poodle masturbation.
Yeah, and somebody else said,
Remember the good old days of our slack number 753?
Or maybe it was 573.
I can't remember.
I need to look that up and rerun that one next week.
Whatever it was.
Nobody ever gives us any feedback.
Nobody ever says,
I hated that.
Or, I loved that.
So we actually got some love-hate that time.
And listeners, we're listening to your comments.
We love your love-hate.
Yeah.
Oh, there is some news we have to give on the internet version that we can't do on the radio version,
which is Slack Friday sale.
Yeah.
We have so much slack here at the church.
And subgenius.
That we forgot the annual Slack Friday sale on Slack Friday after Thanksgiving as the humans count time.
But I have changed the website so that now you can get your subgenius ordainment kit or two of them for you and a friend.
Or just two for two friends.
Or one for a dead ancestor.
Or two for a dead ancestor.
And one for an enemy.
Anyway, it's two.
It's a number one sale.
So you get two subgenius memberships for $35 plus postage.
Postage on two memberships is almost $10.
Depending on how far you are from Glen Rose, Texas.
So, yeah, that's the Slack Friday sale.
It's the once a year.
All the way through.
It lasts until Christmas.
Or just before Christmas.
Say the 23rd.
December 23rd is when the Slack.
Well, that's because I'm going to quit filling orders for two or three days.
Because grandkids come.
And that's all princess we and I live for is the grandchildren.
The future of the subgenius race.
Whose little minds are still malleable and controllable.
And we're going to really twist and pervert them as best we can in the grand tradition.
Although, really, I did such a good job of parenting that I don't have to worry about that.
My daughter and her chosen husband.
We'll twist those kids' brains just fine.
They're already doing a fine, fine job.
They're doing an excellent job as heard here in this special excerpt from age 7 and age 9.
Join Reverend Stang on the Hour of Slack.
Slang.
Slang.

Slang.
Slang.












Slang.
Slang.
Slang.
Slang.











W-what?
Slang.

Slang.
Slang.
Slang.
Slang.
Slang.
Slang.
Slang.
Slang.
Slang.
Slang.
Slang.



Slang.
Slang.
Slang.
Slang.
Slang.
Slang.
Slang.
Slang.
Slang.
Slang.
Slang.
Slang.
It's a weird monster.
We have to go kill it, right?
Yeah.
It's a weird monster, basically, who has hair, spikes for hair, and razor for claws, and
his eyes are razors, too.
Guys.
And his teeth.
What?
Guys?
What?
He's right behind us.
Ah!
Ah!

I'm out of breath.
We did it.
We're safe.
Where's that monster?
He's following us.
He's still there.
Run!
Ah!
You scared it.
Okay.
You scared us.
Our feet sound like horses.
Okay.
On a table.
We lost him.
Good.
I'm thirsty.
Anyone else?
Go, go, go.
We're lost.
Where are we?
This place is so scary.

This place is scary and spooky.
Guys, look.
Look at that thing.
And look at that other thing.
And the giant thing.
Wait.
Why is there so much spider webs?
Spiders.
That means there's a lot of spiders.
What's that crawling on your face?
Dude, you got a spider on your face.
There's spiders everywhere.
We better run out of here.
Oh, wait.
Oh, no.
The monster is outside the cave.
We have to run back.
We have to run back in the cave again.
Dude, don't you know how strong this thing is?
Ah, a spider.
Which do we...
Which do you want?
Spiders or monsters?
Dude, guys, do you know how strong this thing is?
Run.
He's going to break in the cave.
Okay.
Guys, since we killed a spider, I think the mama spider coming.
He's right behind us.
Look, a secret chamber.
Let's hide in there.
Hurry.
Oh, my gosh.
It's full of treasure.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Diamonds.
Guys.
Guys.
Yeah.
Guys.
Here's a map.
What?
Guys.
A map to a bigger treasure.
Guys.
Wait.
There's a sign that says, this treasure belongs to Bob.
Do not touch or you'll be cursed forever.
Wow.
Maybe we better not...
Who's Bob?
Guys.
You know, Bob.
Guys.
Maybe we better leave.
If it's his treasure...
Guys.
We better leave it alone.
Guys.
Guys.
There's a nuclear bomb set to two seconds.
That must have been the curse.
Okay.
It didn't go off.
We got out of there just in time.
It must have been a trap.
If it was a nuclear bomb, everybody would be dead, even the monster.
Yeah.
How about just a hand grenade?
Okay, guys.
A dynamite.
An acne dynamite barrel.
I don't think I believe in Bob.
Who's Bob anyway?
This guy.
All right.
Here.
I touched your treasure.
Who is Bob?
Who is Bob?
Cursed.
I will curse you.
He touched my treasure.
Oh, no.
Now, every time you walk, there will be a hand grenade falling down from the sky.
That's a pretty bad curse.
Every time you walk, a hand grenade falls from the sky?
Every time.
Okay.
I'll just tell you this.
Who pulls the...
Is the pin pulled?
Oh, wait.
It didn't work.
Run.
Run.
Run.

Run.
Run.
Run.


















Okay.
Bob's gone.
Good.
Guys?
Now I know who Bob is.
I found this map and it says there's a nuclear bomb under the ground.
Oh, come on.
Why is it always nuclear?
There is.
It's not nuclear.
You crazy widow.
And that's where we can slip in some of the other kid talk.
Yes.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm cutting you.
I mean, I think, yeah.
I had great background music there, Dave.
Oh, man.
You know what I mean?

You would not believe the background music has been so good.
If you heard me getting real dramatic a few times, that's why.
Because the music was surging.
Yes.
It was matching it.
Yeah.
I love it.
I love doing that.
That's really fun.
It was great.
Well, it's really good movie music.
It's movie scores, mostly from sci-fi and fantasy movies.
Oh, yes.
I'm tired.
I am too.
You are.
I am too.
I almost fell asleep at the mic just like Hal.
I know.
I'm embarrassed.
That's pretty good.
I'd like to have her.
I'm really embarrassed.
Your eyes would be started on tap.
Well, you do that in the best movies, though.
Just when movies are getting good, that's when you just start to pass out.
God, I hate that trait in some animals.
You get to the good part of the movie and you hear this loud snoring sound.
Yeah, your dog's not even noticing.
This is the big chase scene.
They did that.
That cool thing.
He missed it.
You look at the nobody for reassurance as you're about to enjoy a certain part of the movie
that you both love so very well.
And you look over there and the person's got a knife and a machine gun and a twist for
a tourist pickle.
And there's a whole bunch of other machinery that you just easily eat your eyebrows.
Oh, yeah.
Well, Princess Wee's missing a little piece of one eyebrow because of that.
She slept through the climax.
The beginning of the end.
That's a Burt Gordon giant grasshopper movie.
She missed the grasshoppers crawling around on photographs of skyscrapers.
The editor left a frame in a little bit too long.
You see the grasshopper's foot land on the sky instead of the skyscraper.
And you go, he's just walking.
It's just a grasshopper walking up a photograph.
It's not a giant grasshopper on a building.
He let me down.
We could go see the director of that movie, Princess Wee.
Really?
Burt I. Gordon.
He's at Monster Bash every year in June in Pittsburgh.
He must live there.
He must live next to the hotel.
And the actress from Creature from the Black Lagoon is always there.
I think we should go to that somewhere.
We've got to go to Monster Bash sometime.
It's got to be the nerdiest thing ever.
Yeah.
It's like an old monster fan nostalgia con.
In Pittsburgh.
Hmm.
Sounds antithetical.
I want to go there with Fat Mandy and Tommy Amoeba.
And the Apocalypse Boys.
Them circus dwellers.
Yeah.
Andy and, you know, Small Wiener Guy.
Small Wiener Guy, yeah.
Baby Wieners.
Yeah, Baby Wieners.
Yeah.

Well, I'm glad it wasn't me because there were people going around taking pictures and
then they put them on telephone poles and stuff like that and say wanted or reward or
something.
We miss him.
I saw a picture of you that said wanted, but I don't think it was because they loved you.
I was just going to, yeah, I was prepared for that one because that's what I was thinking
of too because wasn't he arrested like a common criminal?
And so that set off a whole bunch of transfusions.
I needed to get through.
The next thing you know, they had said I had to go all the way to the vetch hospital of
alien wars.
Because if I was out there fighting, you know, monsters from outer space.
That's not what it was about.
Franklin, Hyman, Sprout, Roosevelt or whatever, whoever was pretending to be the president
for that week came on the radio and newsreels and then on television and the internet.
And they're just everywhere.
What you going to do?
What are you going to do?
What you going to do?
I don't know what you going to do.
Toss your hands up in the air and, you know, cast your fate to the wind.
There it goes.
Just tumbling off into the sky.
There goes my fate.
I'll just cast it into the winds.
Good riddance.
Good riddance.
Good riddance.
I'm going to get him.
I'm going to get a new one now.
I'm going to go get me a new fate.
One that works better.
I think I stole that from Bob W.
Bob W.
Well, Dave, I guess we could end our conflict, conversation.
Okay.
