Boys and girls, your attention please.
Presenting a new exciting radio program featuring the thrilling adventures of an amazing and incredible personality.
Bob the Self Genius.
Power of Swag.
Abnormal Perversion.
Uh-oh.
Most normal people enjoy a sacred pact with society.
Live a good life and society will take care of you.
But if society drops the ball, then someone else has to pick up the slack.
That's where I come in.
Some of you I know probably didn't hear the first program or the last program, I guess I had to say.
I did with Bob.
He is a fascinating guy.
Gee, Bob, you know what?
I'm going to start at the end.
How do you now remember that?
Do you remember it fondly?
Do you remember it as something you wish you hadn't done or what?
Hmm.
I have to place myself back in that time.
Well, there...
It's one of the...
That's kind of a loaded question because there was a lot of stuff going on at that time.
And I can't really say what the actual motivation was back then.
You know, specifically what made it...
You know, what made me snap on that day.
Do you have any idea how they sufficiently back-engineered Bob?
You could burn, you know, penetrate, destroy.
Who knows?
Maybe by this time research has continued and they've actually come up with something.
You obviously thought they were going to kill you.
Oh, no question.
So, um...
I already lost my train of thought.
Well, let me put you back in that chair.
Now, that must have taken great big ones to sit in that chair and say that on television.
Oh, God.
Giddy up.
Ba-boom, ba-boom, ba-boom.
Oh, mom.
Bob.
Good enough for me and Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Here, look.
Yeah.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Just look around.
The smart money knows the truth.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Fucker.
I'm getting on that ground floor.
The Soul Genius.
Power calls.
What?
What?

Have you looked at them?
Crooks.
Gangsters.
Bums.
Hobos.
Drunks.
And I don't know.
I don't know what.
They are a little picturesque, aren't they?
But what kind of a society are you going to start with them?
Snobbish are you?
To make a decent place, you need bums and alcoholics and criminals.
Oh.
Well, guess so.
Guess so.
Guess so.
Why calibrate chipped, unhip indexes needlessly?
Forget that old, whole, mole, mill dude, wheezing and ill-wheeling veco-cyclometer.
It's the innovation that needs no introduction.
Introducing the incredible invisible visualizer.
Imagine.
Reactive or reductive transduction.
Conducted individually for any given situation.
From simplistic to out and out ritualistic.
It's a tabulation fixation that's transforming a pixelated and fictitious nation.
Not a masturbation station, but a Haitian vacation situation.
That's an integration of elation unrelated to inflation or any other type of conflagration.
Turnation.
How does it work?
The invisible visualizer indivisibly integrates individual integers intelligently.
No more messy office.
Mutilate that rebooted too cute computer.
Fold that old, new, and old.
Recocked calculator.
Spindle your boss and give him the talks.
Don't miss the piss dish.
No more nose mess.
Dental floss crossed off.
It's the revamp champion.
Ample chapped apple samples for cramped grandma hampers.
Yes!
Trim fur-fat feces from creased, greasy leeches or smooth and teasy peaches.
Replaces braces in all sorts of places without traces in hundreds of cases.
And look.
Set fire to it, it consumes itself.
Tent mount to industrial sabotage.
Savage grace?
It can be yours instantly.
The invisible visualizer balances the biometric forces behind most things.
It can be used to make a good divorce.
Yins the yang chain between the brain and the anus.
And double bonus.
Removes the onus betwixt animation and animus.
Plus, double fucked on the bus or in the crux between waxed biscuits or extra crust.
It does the thinking for you.
Now how much would you pay?
But wait, there's more.
Order now and receive an extra ounce of Bob's Blessing on every steak you eat for the next 16 years.
That's every steak, diseased or not.
Plus the handsome penguin replica scissors that we talked about earlier.
My invisible visualizer gave my tweezers the breeze.
Now my unibrow intimidates the dentist.
And gets me bumped up in line at the supermarket.
Thanks to the all-seeing fourth eye of my invisible visualizer,
I replace lunch with hunch and now I'm always in control of everything.
Remember, if everybody on the planet gets just one invisible visualizer,
we will all live as gods and peace and tranquility will reign on Earth for thousands of years.
But until then, why not get your own and completely rule in every conceivable way
over your foolish friends and neighbors who are too stupid to get one themselves
through this once-in-a-lifetime TV offer. Order yours today.
And I'll be back with a new episode of the Invisible Visualizer.
And welcome to the hour of slack number 1174.
The Invisible Visualizer ad just then is from Reverend Lebo Abernathy with Cynthia King and D Street.
The titles are by Leemur and the Bob collage was by Reverend Chuck Key.
There are some subgenius events coming up in November which I might want to mention.
The second Baltimore Divival in Baltimore, Maryland happens Saturday, November 15th at Load of Fun.
For more information about that, see subgenius.com events.
This one features Reverend Carter LeBlanc, Priestess Pisces, the amino acids and fat free and yours truly and who knows what else.
Then in the Dutch city of Amsterdam,
during the week of November,
November 23rd through 27th,
the Fromm Cup and Divivals will happen.
I'm not sure where yet.
And meanwhile, there are two new stations carrying this show, the hour of slack.
KXUA in Fayetteville, Arkansas and Resonance FM in London, England.
Praise Bob.
This is a former captain.
Bob Jamison is with us.
And in Peoria, Illinois is Dr. Bob Jacobs.
All of our guests are named Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
All of our guests are named Bob.
Bob Sallis is a former captain.
Bob Jamison is with us.
And in Peoria, Illinois is Dr. Bob Jacobs.
All of our guests are named Bob.
Bob Sallis is a former captain.
Bob Jamison is with us.
And in Peoria, Illinois is Dr. Bob Jacobs.
All of our guests are named Bob.
Bob Should Know Who's there.
K-üll-Reed J.
K-üll-Reed.
Thanks, K- ambigu.

Of course, Eva Tech.




Yeah, yeah.
I love Bob and I'm not ashamed of it.
Good.
Some people are.
Ooh, I love that Bob.
Our next guest, Bob.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
All right, always good to hear your take, Bob.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Vote for Bob voting for Bob.
Oh my.
Back in a second with Bob.
Back in a minute with Bob.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Love for Bob.
Big on Bob.
Big on Bob.
Really?
Really?
Well, welcome back to the most politics in the world.
That was Bob.
Vote for Bob.
Vote for Bob.
Bob.
Bob2008.com.
Do it, Bob.
Do it, Bob.
Bob had a great sense of humor.
Bob was a great war hero and Bob.
And Bob always had a pen in his hand.
He's a heck of a guy, by the way.
Bob stood up.
Bob, great pleasure having you on.
All right, so what about Bob?
Bob ain't happy.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Bob, Bob.
Bob, Bob, Bob.
The next president of the United States.
Bob.
Vicey.
Vicey.
The marijuana for Bob.
Think tank.
Bob.
Thank you for your time tonight, sir.
Bob, Bob, Bob.
Be a spoiler for Bob.
Be a spoiler for Bob.
All right, let's talk a little bit about Bob.
Bob.
And then Bob.
And Bob.
It's Bob.
And he said to me, Bob.
Bob, I love you.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
He's tight.
He's tight.
My point is, Bob.
Thank you, Bob.
Go, Bob.
Go, Bob.
Go, Bob.
Go, Bob.
Bob, Bob.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
First time I ever met him, I was totally impressed.
Oh, my.
He's the worst kind of charlatan and raconteur you can imagine.
He's built a multi-million dollar empire out of duping the American public with this scheme.
Movement.
And it's nothing more than a series of rambling, solipsistic musings about relieving oneself of all sense of personal responsibility and responsibility to the community, too.
And worse than that, we have information from inside sources that he's beginning to get a little off in the head and his business managers having to run everything for him.
I devoted myself to exposing this leader for the fraud that he's been doing.
And he is.
Are you all right?
I'm a tooth.
It's just Bob is what it is.
It's just, it's literally Bob.
Good evening.
This is an extraordinary period for America's economy.
Over the past few weeks, many Americans have teetered on the edge of collapse and they face imminent collapse.
And families and businesses have frozen and some have failed.
And this created a problem.
We must not let this happen.
Fellow citizens, large and small, I announced a plan on Friday.
Unfortunately, I'm a strong believer in government intervention.
I believe companies that make cars should go out of business.
Yet history has shown that in times of real trial, elected officials responding with decisive action.
As a result, our entire economy is in danger.
It is difficult to pass a bill that commits so much of the taxpayers hard earned money for many members of Congress for their own personal gain as soon as possible.
Most importantly, it will help American consumers get jobs.
And together we will show the world once again what kind of country America is, where people of every background meet great tests.
I know many Americans have questions tonight.
First, how?
Second, what?
These are good questions and they deserve clear answers.
Thank you for listening.
May God bless you.
From PR News in Washington, I'm headed for the northern Atlantic Ocean.
On Wall Street, 2-2-10-4-6-6-6-6-1.
But the numbers are a bit misleading.
Firstly, consumers continue to plummet.
Secondly, consumers falling at their steepest rate in years.
Yes.
And the
third-in-line, the

third-in-line.
The federal government announced today that in an effort to eradicate the national debt,
it will be selling the state of Rhode Island to a group of private investors for a reported $18 billion.
The investors plan to enclose the entire state with an all-weather route that will allow the state to continue to grow.
They also invite investors to purchase goods daily from neighbors once a month their
attached USDzer and CURT lighting and digital renting space are held high.


Thank you.
We can control Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
Continue to play.
The Federal Reserve Act to prevent the Federal Reserve.
My administration is focused on illegal market manipulation.
The American people can be sure we will continue
disorderly failure.
Financial markets weak.
Financial markets weak.
Financial markets weak.
Financial markets.
Financial markets.
Financial markets.
Financial markets.
A-A-A-A-A-A-I-U-C.
Thank you.
Bridge to Nowhere.
Bridge to Nowhere.
Bridge to Nowhere.
Bridge to Nowhere.
Bridge to Nowhere
Bridge to Nowhere
Bridge to Nowhere
Bridge to Nowhere
Bridge to Nowhere
Bridge to Nowhere
Bridge to Nowhere
Bridge to Nowhere
Bridge to Nowhere
Bridge to Nowhere
Bridge to Nowhere
Bridge to Nowhere
Bridge to Nowhere
Bridge to Nowhere
All the weights that keep me down
Seem heavier than before
They just take it by the pace
Though you feel confident
Only time will heal you soon
Your words must never be
But half of me is gone
My dearest treasure is gone away
I'll stick with you until the end of the world
I'll cry out loud but you hear nothing
I'll wait for you until the end of the world
My dearest treasure is gone away
All the weights that keep me down
That mashup came from a YouTube production by TheMaverickMJ
who is also heard in the background.
That video is called
There Is An Answer.
You'll be hearing more from TheMaverickMJ.
But now, let us drift back to Radio Synesthesia
from WCSB Cleveland
with Dr. Howell and Dr. Sinister
and Dave and we
just after 11X Day.
Well, let's take another caller here.
Hello, you're on the air.
Hello, you're on the air.
I just want to remind everyone that
Ted Ramey also played Lieutenant O'Neill
on Sequest DSV.
I actually played him on Sequest DSV.
I actually have his action figure.
That doesn't surprise me.
Ted Ramey action figure?
There was a J.R. Bob Dobbs action figure
displayed at X-Day
and what happened to that?
What happened to the Bob Bobbles?
The Bobblehead Bobbs?
It was laid upon the hood of the car
of I, Dr. Mr. Sister
when he was doing the
here in my car thing
and that was the last time that I saw it.
Well, I thought he was perforating
an ophthalmological operation
when he was sitting there.
I was sitting there for a while
and then I noticed a car levitating.
It was like a Dobbs homunculus.
A tiny baby homunculus.
The first step.
But there really was a large,
it was kind of a large action figure,
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Most of them were about the size of a G.I. Joe
back when Hasbro was making them.
The Bob figures.
But this was some new,
I guess a Japanese company
must be making those.
They certainly never talked to us about it.
It jumped around just until it had a,
a groin spasm
and you had to sit down for a while
and I guess they gave it something to drink
and then the thing took off
and stole somebody's car.
I sure can't lie.
Perhaps it was a cleverly made Bob robot.
Bob's Action Bordello
sold separately.
He was holding his pipe
and not smoking it.
Now does the Bob Action Bordello
play set have a
Xavier Hollander action figure?
I think that should be in Bob's Bordello.
Why not put her smiling mug,
in the middle of Bob's Bordello?
The Xavier Hollander
Bordello, California.
action figure is an inflatable one.
You can have the young or old.
Shhh.
Shhh.
Shhh.
I'm having a little bit,
I'm having a high timer.
I can't get this side up.
It's not going to get it.
They want to get it a little bit closer to the water
so we can make it.
Now, Hal, be careful.
Be careful.
You could pass out doing that.
Don't over inflate her.
It's facing.
Oh, that's a good one.
Oh, that's a good one.

There's a sheep plant.
Look, there's a rip and it's in the wrong place.
That's rip in time, isn't it?
Or do we have to, what do we do now?
We have to do this show all over again.
Man, nice going.
Nice work.
Nice work.
You know what?
Listen, man, you screwed up the whole thing.
It was going down smooth as applesauce.
You know, I mean, things were working out for a lot of people, man.
You know what you jeopardized?
The whole Church of the Subdivision.
And you know what's going to happen to you when that dang guy gets a hold of you?
I don't have to tell you, man.
I don't have to tell you, man.
You're going to rip off your arms like a dead dog.
Rocknar, you know what happened because you weren't there?
I wouldn't want to be in your shoes when old man Stang gets back here.
It didn't rain.
Really?
Yes, because you were not there to have a tent full of expensive equipment to be ruined,
it never rained a drop.
You know, that's...
It was perfect weather.
So you can stay away.
For the last 15 years that I've been staying home from Brushwood, it actually rains in
Lexington now on the 4th of July.
A dark cloud follows Governor Rocknar wherever he goes, raining only on him, like that little
fellow in Fearless Fawcett's world.
Why's it always going to rain on me?
I thought that was Mr. Blitzel's physics.
No, Mr. Blitzel's physics was...
That's Joe Biffet's splink.
Joe.
Hal, I'm sure, can tell us all about that.
The world's most unlucky man, the opposite of Bob.
Right.
And with a name that was sort of the opposite of Bob's clumsy, if simple, name.
That's a schlamazel, as opposed to a schlamiel.
Wow.
Why, it's a little...
It's an action figure of Bob with...
Holding a book called X Day for Dummies.
Is this somebody going to read that damn thing?
How many years have we been trying this?
He's holding his pipe out of his mouth.
That's a really rare moment.
He attacked.
He tried to bite Dr. Hal.
He's got to get his slack somewhere, kids.
And like a mosquito who sucks blood, Bob sucks slack.
He'll fall out of the trees into your hair, lay eggs in your hair, and suck your slack out.
You think I'm kidding, man.
You'll see tomorrow morning.
Those poor chicken head people are right now getting their hair full of eggs.
Who made this?
Where did this come from?
Was it Dr. Dark?
Dr. Dark?
Some friends of ours gave it to us for Christmas.
For Christmas?
Your same friends with the funny names that helped make the Turd Awards?
No, no, they're different ones. They haven't joined yet.
They haven't joined the church and yet they've made graven images of Bob?
Now that's some nerve.
I know a woman who did a 6x12 painting of Bob.
Oh, that insight guy. That must be it.
There you go.
Oh, but Bob's eyes look like Bowie where he's hanging and that part in Ashes to Ashes where he just looks damned hopeless.
Startling apparition of the Dobbsian homunculus.
I don't like Bob Hopeless. I'd rather have him laughing at me than looking at me through the...
You wouldn't want him crying with his head all the way up your shawfugish.
Yeah, Bob Hopeless was really funny.
Some live X-Day show there with Suzie the floozy, Dr. Howell, Lonesome Cowboy Dave and the mini Bob.
Now we are honored to present a clip from the Ask Dr. Howell show on Pirate Cat Radio
for which Dr. Howell was able to get as a guest Presidential Candidate Senator John McTaint and his wife Cindy.
By the way, this audio is from a YouTube video of Dr. Howell's show by Puzzling Evidence.
TV.
You don't listen.
Your wife is calling for you, sir.
Yes.
Go right in there, sir. In the red door, sir.
This place smells like a stripper joint.
Secretive services surrounding Senator McTaint. He's re-entering the studio.
And what a crowd.
All right, everybody.
We are talking in the studio with Presidential Candidate Senator John McTaint.
And he and his posse have crowded into our Pirate Cat studio.
And it's a thick as molasses.
This is such a pleasure, Dr. Howell. This is such a pleasure.
We've listened to you every night for the last 20 years.
Well, the honor is all mine, Senator.
I'm glad that our little broadcast could do something to inculcate patriotism in a great American such as yourself.
Or the theme music from House of Frankenstein. What could be more patriotic?
Dr. Howell, I have a quick question for you.
Yes?
My dear.
I'd like to know if you may be interested in having a little menage a trois with my husband tonight.
Well, I suppose he may tire out and fall asleep early, eh?
Cindy, that doesn't have anything to do with fundraising. I told you to focus before you...
I'm afraid my funds are somewhat low, but I'm sure I could leave a sawbuck on the night table.
I mean, that is to say, I...
Well, let's talk about this further after the program.
The reality is we do need money.
That's right.
We do need some money.
That's right.
My money only goes so far. So if you would like to give, please look at the website, johnmctaint.com.
Dig deep down into the bottom of your wallet.
The more money you give to my campaign, the less you'll have.
That's right, and the less you can spend on frivolous expenditures.
That's right.
Which bleed the body politic joint.
To be honest, I love being me. I love my husband. I love our children.
That's right.
She went to Africa, okay.
I went to Africa. Our children are here in the studio tonight.
That's right.
We brought our six-month-old with us.
My kids were lined up against the wall right here. I see one crying right now.
Loyal.
Perhaps we'd like to put one of the McTaint youngsters on the air and see what their take is on their old man.
Mom, Dad.
We love you, baby. We love you, baby.
Billy, Billy, get back in the corner. Get away from the mic.
.
Have you had any fun with your dad today?
I haven't.
I think that's what's wrong with you.
.
Are you my daddy?
Oh, confusing thing. Say, did your mommy fix your hair?
Yeah, I wanted pigtails.
Oh, well, what a literal interpretation you received.
Okay, um, uh...
I'm not going to talk about my sex life with my wife on the radio.
You know what? Honey, any fool can be uncomfortable. And you don't have to talk about this because there's nothing wrong with that.
All I can say is that we do have some videos on the website, JohnMcTaint.com. JohnMcTaint.com.
And more, we need the money. We really need the money. Cindy... it's just beer money. It doesn't go far.
Yes, uh...
American.
Would you like to feel them, Dr. Hal?
Certainly. Yes, bring them right over here and I will palpate your subluxation.
On the air? You want me to do this? All right.
Okay.
Everything is there. All prisoners are accounted for.
Now, that is a natural breast. Is that not, my friend?
Yes.
That's the kind of healthcare we want for every American. There's nothing wrong with wanting a futon.
Well, in your book, Follow the Law of Our Fathers, you talked about how you avoided a futon torpedo only to be tortured by Albanians while in custody
by repeated immersion in the litanies of Ross-Bagdas area.
I didn't whine. I got in the car when people told me to. You know, and we believe here at JohnMcTaint.com, we believe in green immigration policies.
Yes, if you're green, you can get in.
If you're green, if you get caught, you run on a treadmill and you electrify the fence to keep you away from your family that's trying to...
Ever fished under the electric fence?
I think we digress.
Yes.
So let's get back to the nitty-gritty, the masculine given case.
I just want to say a little something about the torture, actually.
Yes?
That improved our sex life.
Well, yeah.
Now, a little torture can go a long way.
And the reality is that my husband learned things that he has used to tantalize me in the bedroom.
And I look at that as a blessing.
We have done menage a trois.
Yes, that's right.
People called in.
Right, right, right.
Well, of course, they said a Mormon could never be president.
But what about an orgyist?
They have to be represented, don't they?
There's no reason to exclude anybody just because their genitals don't look like yours.
And few people do look like mine.
Tell them about the barrel, baby.
Tell them about the barrel.
One day, I took my clothes off.
I got in the barrel.
And when Cindy came home, I jumped out and there was oil all over me.
Oh, whoa.
Oh, yes.
These videos are most explicit.
Ron, please.
Here.
We discussed not discussing.
Oh, now you're shy, Cindy.
Cindy, I told you we're here to take money.
You were letting the DJ feel your breasts.
It's okay.
It's okay.
It's okay.
Thank you so much, caller.
Okay.
Yes, sanctuary.
Cindy, don't talk to him.
Like that?
If they don't give money, don't talk to him too much.
I will be looking for the check.
Gotta go.
You're boring me.
Can you please cut the call out for me?
Yes, that's all right.
Now, another question from the press pool.
Pete Goldie.
Yes, you, sir.
Yes, Senator.
Your presumptive opponent, Senator Obama, has a motto saying, it's change we can believe
on.
And my question for you, Senator, is what sort of change are we going to get from you?
We're not going to get change.
Change is slow, like a glacier.
When I take off my clothes at night, I just don't jump out of my clothes.
I slowly unbutton each button.
Look, it's easy.
It's a video.
It's a big, tall, red hot stuff.
We're looking for real legal Americans.
If your picture is not on a dollar bill, I'm not sure ... Cindy, help me with this.
Boy, what a party this is.
Even you can get a barrel of sweet crude oil.
Oh God, baby, talk about coming out of a barrel again.
Oh, in your state, maybe that's what you need is a big barrel of sweet crude oil.
Talk about coming out of a barrel again.
All oil's up.
This is Dr. Hell.
Cut the mic there, please.
Yeah.





Come to my house and you're the sweet prince.
Oh, look what they're doing now.
This can only help you, sir.
People, give us money.
We need it.
Give us money to John.
John McTain.
Go around to it.
Go around to it.
You know, they really are on message here, the McTain campaign.
Well, you have to be.
You know, the political pounding of the pavement is grueling.
It wears out more than the shoe lever here in the cities of America's hope and promise.
Dr. Howe?
Yes, ma'am?
Can you talk a bit more about the pounding?
I've really gone downhill today.
How do you mean?
I just...
Cindy, what are you doing?
I don't know.
I don't know what I'm doing anymore, Johnny.
My rod and my staff...
Two months to go and I am...
Oh.
Losing it.
Uh-oh.
One of the most amazing...
Hold it together.
Hold it together, Cindy.
Hold it together.
Hold it together.
No.
I'll give you 20 bucks to take your top off.
Yes, I'm rapidly reverting to a state of infancy here.
The important part of it all is that my child is exposed to America.
Pregnant with emotion.
I am happy and in love.
And with patriotism for our great country.
And that's what happens when you are happy and in love and your husband has a really nice cock.
This is not even gonna...
No one's gonna hear this.
No one even listens to this goddamn station.
Oh, no.
This is a highly-branded program.
This is just a pit in our little hole.
They won't provide us with wonderful luxuries.
We're on NPR tomorrow night.
That's the liquor talking.
In vino veritas.
I heard a cat in my ass.
Meow.
Johnny, I love you too.
You know that.
One more question for Senator John McTaint, who's happily visiting us here in the studio.
Don't make it tough.
What are your thoughts?
If any, on the presidential power to deploy America's entire nuclear arsenal?
I think every legal real American should have a personal nuclear weapons launcher in their house at all times.
Right on.
If a boy scout comes to the door and wants to sell you cookies, no, you don't use it then.
You use discretion.
No, you're right. You're right.
Cindy, put the clothes back on.
Yeah, well, this is a great way to go out.
It's hot in here.
Yeah, it is. It is rather hot.
Because...
Because of the interested humanity pressing in.
But thank you, Senator John McTaint, for appearing on the Ask Dr. Hal show.
I'm sorry.
I'm out of control.
I'm out of control.
I know.
I am afraid such corrective things are necessary.
If some of you can actually keep your thoughts on the Akashic record and cash in whenever you feel like it, then go ahead.
But we're having problems, so any kind of sheaf paper, things you'd like to write on your underwear, on your...
I notice most of you have done some kind of scrawlings on your pants.
I notice a lot of the current generation write on their hands.
And you can...
Oh, you notice that?
Sure.
They write on their hands, huh?
Well, it's cheaper than one of those blueberries or whatever.
They call that cheating at Dave's masturbation camp, writing on your hands.
Besides which, it's almost like denying the sacrament of paper, which is such a wonderful substance.
But paper is plausible.
There's my mind.
I'm glad you've got those sheets.
Yeah.
I have mine, too.
Tucked away, those molding sheets of notes that one writes to oneself.
Oh, and also, I have, besides that, some cards, some official subgenius active member cards.
If there's anyone who doesn't have one of these cards, you should come up and receive one.
Sign your name on the back.
And this...
How many of those do you have?
There'll be Kino and Bingo later.
Those are very few and far between.
I don't think we just do it.
No.
No.
Really?
Jesus created the gold card seen here.
The subgenius gold card.
Right.
A few years ago with the brilliant idea that people would spend $1,000 just to have that gold card.
And believe it or not, five or six of them did, but they later wanted their investment back with interest.
So that's why we can't give them away?
Well, I'm trying to do something generous here.
Well, no.
The reason we can't give them away anymore is because Jesus gave them all away in a funk of a way.
In the funk of bitterness.
One dreadful, one horrible ex-day about five years ago.
You were there.
Well, what did he do then?
He was suddenly just...
He had a box of 1,000 subgenius gold cards.
And since his idea for it hadn't worked out, he was like, whoever wants these, just take them.
And some people, somewhere there are many stashes enough to gold card everybody here many times over.
But that stash is no longer in subgenius foundation.
Which makes those quite, quite precious.
And maybe you should think about not handing them out to the broad eye.
No, we need to tell Dr. Lagune got his first gold card this year.
A generous ecumenical gesture.
And look what happened.
I think we should mention the legal aspect of this.
I was going to give them away.
That some people have actually used them to charge large, large, large amounts.
Oh, well.
Maybe one who does an exceptional service for me can still receive such a gift.
Right.
You can award one.
Friends, you hear that?
Think what it is.
Think what exceptional service means to Dr. Howell.
That's going to be pretty damn exceptional.
It hurts me.
You'll have to tell you what he means by service.
It's probably not what you're thinking.
It's not being serviced either, but it's kind of like that.
Oh, service with a smile, but let's not linger on such matters.
So that always seems to be God's response to a criminal business.
You know, we got after our Voldemort Western service.
We got after him for the entire of thepractice.
We got after him for the psych.
Dr. які forward MY SMS THAT SOMEONE actual is waiting no INTERNAL SYMBOWLS
DelivenLY everything was certainly.
Well, I'm going to seriously shock her.
I will alone.
I'm ready for.
A love contract.
Well, should I do it?

Well, it sounds like you've got a command and I'm ready to do it.
Well, do you want to?
confetti i'll have the cheeseburger i'm gonna cut it i'm gonna cut it not crazy by john mccain
my cheeseburger crack thank bob okay crack thank bob i'll have the cheeseburger crack
can i just get the cheeseburger retort is another one of my favorites retort is
i want a cheeseburger i just want a cheeseburger just want a cheeseburger
Not crazy by John McCain.
Thank Bob.
So Bob lit up his pipe, and he puffed lots of smoke.
What terrible smoke.
And everyone choked.
And he puffed, and he puffed.
And he puffed, and he puffed.
And the people, they choked.
And they said, please, enough.
But Bob only grinned, and he smoked his pipe more.
And Cindy Lou Who ran away in the store.
So he puffed, and he puffed, until he choked.
And he choked, and he choked, and he choked.
I don't like this one.
And Bob turned around with a big old frown and said,
beep them if they can't take a joke.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
I hate little kids.
Get out of here.
Yes, Bob's daycare center was a new direction
for the Church of the Seventh.
Subgenius.
Really, it's an expanding operation that's happening all the time.
There are new departments, new department heads,
promotions, perks, and, of course, that dental plan.
Basically, you've got to get them while they're young.
I wish you hadn't mentioned the nude department heads.
That was terrible.
That was new department heads.
Especially Dr. Cosgrove.
I think I'll never have any libido again.
Dr. Cosgrove, could you please come over,
just come around the corner for a second
so no one can hear.
I need to talk to you.
Have you been bothering some of the female patients again?
Hey, I don't know what you're talking about.
I have heard my third complaint.
I don't know what you're talking about.
This is the third complaint this week.
Hey, here's the good one.
You hear about the kid who ran down the street
with his teeny weeny wagon head?
That's about it.
I'm trying to make some sense with you
and you don't want to listen to me.
Hey, hands off, buddy.
I've got a right to be here.
I'm tired of this.
I'm telling Dr. Mellon-Schmeller,
and you're done for.
If you don't come in and talk tomorrow,
two o'clock, two o'clock, that's what time.
Gentlemen, gentlemen, please.
We have to start.
This meeting now,
you can take your personal problems outside.
We have quite a bit of new material to go over
and some old material as well.
I think first, Miss Feebles will read the minutes
of the last meeting.
Now, I just want everyone to remember
what we went through at the last meeting.
If you can all just stretch your minds back.
Listen, if you don't have something new to add,
please don't open your mouth.
All right.
Now, that's...
That's the extent of the minutes for this.
If you'd like to make a call,
please hang up and call again.
Or screw you.
There are important people of importance.
I think probably one of the most highly acclaimed
and highest regarded true American is Bob.
Hello, Bob.
Bob and I will be right back.
Bob and I will be right back.
Yeah, fantastic.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
I don't have much to think about.
Oh.
Oh.
Well, Bob wrote that.
Oh.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Well, yeah.
You think that means anything?
No.
This might, you know, whatever.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh.
We'll be right back, Bob.
Yeah.
Bob is Maserati.
Bob is swinging Maserati.
Ah.
Listen, how does it feel, Bob?
And there are thousands of people jamming.
Feels marvelous.
Splendid.
Swinging.
Delicious.
Groovy.
Marvelous.
Fantastic.

Mm-hmm.
Mm.
What is your main message?
Eat.
Yeah, Bob.
Beep.
Beep.
Beep.
Beep.
Swing.
Swing.
Swing.
Swing.
Swing.
Swing.
Love.
I watch television.
Hey, Bob.
Bob.
You're really cracking up.
Bob, I think that he has a tremendous future.
No, I was never familiar with Bob, and I'd never seen him.
And he's very funny.
Mm.
Extolling the virtues of marijuana, we ought to legalize pot.
Ooh.
Can I ask you a question, Bob?
Sure.
Uh, and that's soul.
And he's got so much soul.
Let's see what this caller here has to say.
Hello, you're on the air with, uh, Dr. Howell and Reverend Stang and, uh...
Howdy.
Howdy.
I'd like to speak on behalf of my fellow president.
No, I'm sorry.
It's Lonesome President George.
Here.
Lord.
Okay.
Hey, thanks for that stimulus package.
Oop.
I spoke on what I should not have said.
Something has happened in the motorcade route.
All right.
Roll call.
Something is happening here.
Something is very wrong here.
Rocknarr here?
Yes.
Mark here?
I'm here.
Dave here?
I'm here.
Hmm.
Someone buzzing in their head.
Mrs. Kennedy jumped up.
She said, oh, no.
When you hear that noise, that means you have to type in those numbers.
4, 8, 15, 16, 23, 42.
Well, I would, but these nosebleeds keep me on my back.
Every 808 minutes.
Now, are we supposed to be paying attention to the numbers in the nosebleeds, or are we supposed to give them...
That's for our minions and myrmidons to do in the control center.
It is up to us simply to give orders and have them instantly carried out.
You ever get, like, a nosebleed and you stick, like, a tissue up there and you pull it out and...
And you're on.
And it's kind of like a Rorschach test, or sometimes it looks like the flag of Japan, actually.
It's a work of freaking art.
I ought to sell it.
Radical free expression.
Yeah, that's right.
Who are you to say that my bleeding effulgences are not...
Are not art of the highest kind?
I'm sure they are when well-preserved and...
You know, here's something sobering and perhaps disgusting thought.
There was some feminist artist years ago who defiantly put up on the gallery walls the shitty didies of her baby, saying,
Don't tell me this isn't art, what comes out of my body and passes through the fruit of my body.
It's art, and don't you say it isn't.
Or if you do, you'll be...
Defiling my personhood.
Dr. Hall, now, don't be resentful.
It's true.
I read about it.
It really happened.
That was Mrs. Drummond, wasn't it, that did that?
Oh, I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to be stepping on anybody's toes so close to home.
No, it wasn't that.
It was earlier.
It was some crazy lady, if I may use a most incorrect term.
It wasn't a Robin Robin.
We prefer the term differently saying.
Well, you know, and I know that...
Art is what you can get away with.
So I'm not going to rain on anybody's parade here.
Perhaps her fallopian tubes were the kind that made true art.
You know, we shouldn't be so...
That's right, Dave.
You've hit it on the head, as usual.
You know, if you've got the tools to create...
Some women do not have the fallopia to create good art.
Generally, when someone says something's art, they're right.
And when you deny it's art, you're wrong.
Generally.
It's just, you know, it goes back and forth.
If you say it sucks, automatically...
Exactly the next day, everybody will be proclaiming its beauty and grandeur.
Just to make you look bad.
The book of the subgenius really sucks, friends.
Remember that.
So get ready to proclaim its grandeur, now that I've said that.
Yes.
I'm just trying to stick...
Now, the Watchtower, the Jehovah's Witness magazine, that rocks!
But the book of the subgenius sucks!
You know, I have to say, I always enjoy the copies of Watchtower in a way that I find that...
I like them some.
I collect them.
I do.
Weird, wacky ones.
Actually, we're the basis of the genesis of Revelation X.
Right.
Some of the artwork on those things is amazing.
Like, you know...
Well, we tried to beat them in that department.
Showed all these people in a diner watching a nuclear explosion on TV,
and all these different people, you know, it's like the butcher, the baker, the candlestick maker,
and the cop on the street, and all these people were sitting around in the diner just looking at the screen like,
Oh!
A cross-section of American life.
Well, it doesn't look good.
You better have another cup of coffee.
All in moon pants.
All in moon pants, prepared to go, ready to take that last dive before they dip.
And I think the time is growing nigh, but it always grows nigh.
Get down into your...
And every year it grows nigher.
Government shelter, of course.
Government is the problem.
So I'm not getting in any socialist syphilis shelter down there.
I'm just going to rot up here in radioactive decay with all the good Americans.
Well, there are no syphilis-ridden shelters anymore.
They've all been decomposed and recontaminated.
They've been turned back into subway stations.
And YMCA basements.
And nobody's riding anymore.
Well, that'll change.
Soon everybody's going to have to get on the bus,
now that the era of public transportation is on us, whether we like it or not.
Think of blue-ticket Sundays.
Specials throughout the land where you can ride the bus four blocks for only a dollar and a half.
Ride the bus?
Hell, you'll end up living on the bus.
Or you might end up getting thrown under the bus.
That's like that new catchphrase this year.
Thrown off the sleigh to the galloping wolves who are behind.
Or sold into bondage in Dobbstown.
That's right.
Forced to build those pyramids with overtime and no extra pay.
Some people buy their way into bondage at Dobbstown.
We get all kinds there.
That's the beauty of it.
They'll pay to know what they really shouldn't be doing.
But the ones who join willingly, who look for such trouble and stuff, usually climb the ladder quite quickly.
But they have condemned themselves out of their own rascality.
They're not rascally mouths.
For subgeniuses, true subgeniuses, as we know, are not joiners.
Nor, of course, are they carpenters, coopers, churners of butter and eaters of clabber.
Hewers of wood and drawers of water.
Instead, they are slackful, bulbous, comfortable parasites.
Feasting on the body politic like so many rotund tumors.
My father is a hewer of wood and a subgenius.
There I go.
Every time I shoot off my mouth.
I commit some unpardonable solecism.
No, but you're talking about...
I'm a lumberjack and I'm okay.
There you go.
You're talking about those who are controlled by those single neuron impulses that come out and that create their doings.
We tell them what and they do what.
But, Dave, how can we make this change evolve to something more wholesome from our perspective?
Why do we want to, though?
Well, just to make it more slackful.
For us, you've got to move over so I can sink my mandibles into that succulent host body.
That sounds good.
See, I can't resist that part where I get to stick my mandibles in a succulent host body.
Yeah, well, you have to have a specialized proboscis and you have to know when to pull out, like many things,
or else you might explode from the hydrostatic pressure of the blood which upwells from below.
I'm getting all turned on.
But, Dave's been giving me the...
Sorry, Stank.
So that it will grow slowly and there won't be any constriction in my midbrain or anything.
Well, there's room for us all in this synthetic society.
One.
One.
To be different.
To be different.
To be different.
One.
Spire.
Spire.
To be different.
Conspiracy.
Conspiracy.
Conspiracy.

Conspire.
Conspire.
To be different.
Conspiracy each one.
Conspire.
Conspire.
To be different.
Conspiracy each one.
Conspire.
Conspire.
To be different.
Conspiracy.
Our thoughts are all our own.
Unless we write or speak.
Just remember.
Silence is strong.
Mostly sound becomes a beat.
So keep your secrets to yourself
If you're different, carry on
When the world is conspiring against you
Be a conspiracy of one
One
Conspiracy of one
Conspiracy of one
Conspiracy of one
Conspiracy
Our thoughts are all our own
Unless we write or speak
Just remember, silence is strong
Mostly sound becomes a beat
So keep your secrets to yourself
Conspiracy of one
If you're different, carry on
When the world is conspiring against you
Be a conspiracy of one
One
Conspiracy of one
Conspiracy of one
Conspiracy of one
Conspiracy of one
Conspiracy of one
Conspiracy of one
Conspiracy of one
Conspiracy of one
Conspiracy of one
One
Conspiracy of one
One
Conspiracy of one
A Reverend Max Slack did that song, Conspiracy of One
He is one prolific Bob songster
Before that, some radio synesthesia from WCSB Cleveland
and some X-Day live show with Dr. Hal Lux of Cowboy Dave,
Reverend Susan D'Fluzzi, and Princess Pisces,
interspersed with some nice collages by Reverend Norrell Preff of norrellpreff.com.
This is the Hour of Slack from Church of the Subgenius.
For more information, see subgenius.com.
For more on our moron books and DVDs, etc.
And by the way, the background music here is by Save Yourself 7598.
That's Save Yourself 7598, also known as The Maverick MJ.
Lee Murr will help us close the show after this great cover by The Psychoskeletons.
Oh yeah, baby, baby, baby
Now if there's a smile on my face
It's only that I'm trying to fool the public
But when it comes down to fooling you
Now honey, that's quite a different subject
So don't let my glad expression
Give you the wrong impression
Cause really I'm sad
Oh, sad to the sad
Cause you're gone and I'm hurting
So bad, sad to the sad


Like a clown, I appear to be glad
Woo, woo, woo, yeah
Well, there's some sad things to demand
But ain't too much sadder than
The tears of a clown
When there's no one around
Oh yeah, baby, baby, baby
Oh yeah, baby, baby, baby
So if I appear to be carefree
It's only to camouflage myself
With my sadness
In order to shield my pride
I've tried to cover this hurt
With a show of gladness
So don't let my show convince you
That I've been happy since you decided to go
Oh, I need you so
Cause I'm hurting, I want you to know
Just for others I put on a show
Yip, yip, woo, yeah
Well, there's some sad things known to man
But ain't too much sadder than
The tears of a clown
When there's no one around
Just like Pegliacci did
I try to keep my surface head
Smiling in the public eye
But in this lonely room
I cry the tears of a clown
When there's no one around
Oh yeah, baby, baby, baby
So if there's a smile on my face
Don't let my glad expression
Give you the wrong impression
And don't let that smile of wear
Make you think that I don't care
The tears of a clown
The tears of a clown
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community

Subtitles by the Amara.org community
