From PR News in Washington, I'm stricken with the deadly Ebola virus.
While working in Ferguson, Missouri, Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel reports that progress is being made.
And, um, um, the, uh...
PR News, Washington.
The medical staff poses public health threats.
Missionary Dr. Kent says he's now alive.
I'm glad for any attention.
Wall Street, 1760.
Bank of America will be paying nearly $17 to settle PR News in Washington.
I stand here a victim of the influence of Emanuel Bobstein.
Guilty on all counts.
I'm glad I was caught.
I was mentally deranged.
Now I am cured.
I ask only for you to accept my love of...
The subgenius power of...
Swatch!
Bob's balls melted my garter.
© D-ордinal Media, All Rights Reserved.
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
음� vegetables
let's play


titanium
드�іє
Last week, Jungle Jim and Shanghai Lil went into the Afghan hills in an attempt to locate Bob and Connie.
There they encountered the Silent One, and without being seen, were able to overhear his orders that Bob and Connie, as well as themselves, were to be prevented from returning through Khyber Pass to Fort Jammer.
Later, while circling the Silent One and his men, they sighted Colonel Hammond and a detachment of troops who, with O.P. Watts, had entered the hills to aid them in their search.
Jungle Jim and Shanghai Lil told Colonel Hammond of their discovery, and the troops were sent out immediately in an attempt to capture the Silent One.
At the same time, Jungle Jim and Shanghai Lil started for the old lamissary, where, unknown to them, the wicked Maharaja of Ybor has planned an ambush to capture them.
And now we continue our story.
Jungle Jim and Shanghai Lil are riding northward into a trap set for them by the Maharaja of Ybor and the Silent One.
Lil, I don't...
I don't think that Bob and Connie stayed at the old lamissary last night.
What makes you say that?
This campfire and the tracks around it.
Look at these footprints.
Those are a woman's tracks, Jim.
Look, they exactly fit my shoes.
And here's something else, Lil.
The hoofprints of two horses.
Yeah.
A man and woman traveling on horses stopped here, Lil.
And that could only mean one couple.
Bob and Connie...
Oh, we only knew which way they went from here.
That's a problem.
I don't think we'll get much information at the lamissary.
If they wanted to stop there, they'd have done it last night instead of this morning.
Wait a minute, Lil.
I'm going to climb up that rock and see if...

I'm going to see if I can see anything with the glasses.
It's just possible they haven't gone far.
If the Silent One knows where Bob and Connie are,
we'll follow him to them.
Well, I'd like to have a talk with him
and find out what he means by following us into these hills.
Kodo, are you sure he's alone?
Yes, Missy.
Me see horse and man ahead and think maybe him, Twan.
Jim, then see him native.
You're sure he didn't see you?
No, Twan.
Me get close to him, but he not see me.
Well, Jim, it's not...
We're not part of the top of the hill now.
No.
Jim, look.
Huh?
It's the old lamissary.
Well, say, I didn't realize we were that close to it.
Quick, give me your glasses.
There's a man on horseback down there.
Here you are.
He's riding straight for the lamissary's main gate, too.
You see who it is?
Wait.
Jim, that's the Silent One.
Here, look for yourself.
Here, let me have him.
You're right, Lil.
There's no doubt about it.
That's the Silent One, all right.
I'd know that fellow anywhere.
And look, Jim.
The monks of the lamissary are opening...
He's opening the gate.
He's running right through.
That's just what I was watching.
I don't like the looks of that.
What do you mean?
Lil, the man who opened that gate was a native.
He was wearing a native costume and not a monk's.
But I thought this was supposed to be a Buddhist lamissary.
They'd have a monk guarding the front gate.
That's exactly what I was thinking.
There's something wrong down there, Lil.
And before we go any further, I'm going to find out what's going on.
I'm going to find out.
Yes.
An American suffering from Ebola curled heavy machinery off the factory floor and blew out walls.
Some people in northern Ohio could come from Lake Erie.
City spokeswoman Lisa says even boiling people won't make it safe.
Um, you boil...
Consuming bottled water could cause abnormal PR news and numbness.
So I sit in my car.
Having a smoke.
Chilling out.
I heard a voice.
Pisces.
Hey.
What's...
Oh, shit.
It's you.
And it was...
Anti-slack.
Anti-slack.
I was sitting there.
Staring me in the face.
You don't look happy to see me, dear.
No, I'm not.
I replied.
And then anti-slack jumped on my back.
She pulled and pushed until I was hunched in the most painful position possible.
But I had to go.
I had shit to do.
I put on my jeans.
Pulled on my boots.
And all the while, anti-slack hung on me like a snarky, smelling, modern Baba Yaga.
When I got in the car, anti-slack punched me in the gut.
For the next 20 miles, anti-slack delivered a gut punch on every mile.
When anti-slack wasn't punching me in the stomach, she was causing the big red button
to turn the nearest stoplight suddenly red.
She summoned ambulances from every cross street.
Conjured two speed traps and one random registration check.
I was in a hurry.
I was at the checkpoint.
And so I got to my destination 15 minutes late.
Anti-slack, of course, pointed this out to my boss.
And I was called into the office.
And while anti-slack punched my gut, the boss told me that my tardiness problems were unacceptable
and I would have to sign a form stating that I understood the errors of my ways.
And would have to sign a form stating that I understood the errors of my ways.
And then I would correct them or else.
So I went to my desk, and anti-slack removed a few screws from the chair and I found myself
on the floor but not before hitting my head squarely against the desk on my way down.
After reassembling the chair, the phone rang.
The person on the other end spoke very, very softly.
And as I tried to increase the volume button, anti-slack remembered it.


instead increased the volume of the person on the other line
who was arguing with her ex-girlfriend on her cell phone,
screaming about who and who was not satisfied by which action,
and you damn well better believe I'm taking the bedroom suite
because I paid for it.
Later, I get a call from a woman who believed that Nigerians from South Africa
were hacking the entire state of Alabama,
but strangely, it sounded a lot like Auntie Slack's voice.
Of course, the shift lasted three hours longer than it should have
because Auntie Slack was playing time control for giggles.
Just before locking up the office, Auntie Slack, of course, hid my keys.
Once I found my keys, which were under the desk,
Auntie Slack hit me in the head with a filing cabinet
and punched me in the guts again.
As I walked out, Auntie Slack again jumped on my back
and began kicking me.
I heard the sound of my feet and the kidneys screaming in my ear.
Then Auntie Slack filled my right ear with melted candle wax and a small nail.
I couldn't take it anymore.
I ran to the liquor store, trying to get in there before it closed,
hoping that Auntie Slack would appreciate getting good and drunk
and maybe wander off in the snow and die.
But as I pulled up to the alcohol beverage control store,
employee number 31,
who was turning the key and locking the door,
and I began to cry.
My head hurt. My back hurt.
I had to pee.
I was nauseated and I could not relax.
Why did Auntie Slack show up?
Why? Why does she keep bothering me?
Why does Auntie Slack keep bothering me?
Suddenly, there was a tap at the window.
At first, all I saw was a pipe and a smile.
Hello, Mr. Dobbs.
Call me Bob, dear child, he replied.
And I think, I think, Pricey, you need some FROP.
No, Auntie Slack screamed.
The FROP will kill you.
Kill her, Bob said.
Really? How many people do you know who have died from FROP, Auntie Slack?
Bob asked.
Um, well, well, Auntie Slack replied she might get drug tested.
Then she said,
She said she would lose her job.
Pisces, Bob said.
Do you get drug tested when you started your job?
Why, Bob, I replied, I sure didn't.
And J.R. Bob Dobbs handed a pipe through the crack in the car window.
Which was strange because the pipe was still in his mouth at the same time.
It didn't matter because I took it from him.
No, no, I'll call the cops, you bitch.
I'll call the cops if you do that, screamed Auntie Slack.
But instead I took a deep drag of the pipe.
My back stopped hurting.
My headache vanished.
I was no longer nauseated.
And I was completely and utterly relaxed.
I went to turn to thank Bob, but he was gone.
But I also noticed Auntie Slack was gone too.
I'm the Auntie Slack.
I choked on the pipe and drove home.
And when I arrived home the sky was full of stars.
I looked up at the sky to partake in the beauty and saw a constellation.
And it looked like a smiling man with a pipe.
And I swear I think it wept in me.
Not many miles from where Lil and Jim are standing on the hilltop,
Bob and Connie are halted in the hills studying a map.
No use, Connie. We're lost.
According to this old map of Dad's, we should have passed a Buddhist Lama, sir.
What do we do, Bob?
Turn back to where we camped this morning, Connie.
I think that it was after we left there that we lost our bearings.
Come on. I'll help you up on your house.
There you go.
That's all right.
I'll be right with you, dear.
All set?
Yes.
Bob, I'm worried.
Don't you think it would be better if we went back to Fort Jamrud?
Colonel Hammond would help us get some more native guides.
I'd rather not, Connie.
After all, this map, we should be able to locate the jewels of the Genghis Khan.
And when we do find them, it would be better if we were alone.
But why? After all, we could use a native guide.
If we could find one that was honest.
No, darling. We're better off by ourselves.
I didn't mind when we had natives from India, but these hillmen are the most notorious bandits in the world.
After we find the jewels, our lives would... they'd be in danger if any of them knew about it.
That's all the more reason why we should have some protection, Bob.
If some of the Afghan Kutluks could raid us, we wouldn't stand a chance alone.
Connie, darling, now stop worrying. We're disguised.
These natives think we're just two more like themselves.
We're perfectly safe. We've never been recognized.
I know, but just the same.
Bob.
What's the matter?
Look ahead there. There's a man on the ground.
Yes, I see him. You keep back here, Connie. I'll go have a look.
Now stay right there.
Bob, he may be injured.
This man is unconscious, Connie. Get me some water from the canteen.
Here it is, Bob. Is he alive?
See the way he's dressed? This man is a Buddhist monk, Connie.
He looks starved, poor fellow. We've got to locate that Lama Sari and get him to us.
Water.
Here you are now, old man. Here he's coming to.
More water.
That's enough for now.
Try to make him understand me. Listen, where is the Lama Sari? Which way?
If you'll tell us where it is, we'll take you there.
No. No. Go south.
What does he mean, Bob?
Don't know. If you'll let us take you back to the Lama Sari, you'll get back your strength.
It is too late.
Buddha has said that there is no God.
There is no medicine against death.
Buddha has gone.
I... I follow.
Bob, he's dead.
Within the Lama Sari, his secret mountain retreat,
the Maharaja of Ybor receives the Silent One.
You have won, Highness. The ancient dog will lead them to us.
Ah, yes. And the jewels of the Genghis Khan and the gold of the American will be ours.
Will the old monk lead the travelers into the Maharaja's trap,
or will he warn them of the dangers that lie within the Lama Sari?
The adventures you have just heard dramatized will appear in full-color action pictures in the Comic Weekly,
the big Comic Weekly distributed with your Hearst Sunday newspaper everywhere.
In the world's greatest pictorial supplement of humor and adventure,
you will find all the famous characters who live in the world of color pictures.
There's the Katzenjammer kids, Jiggs and Maggie,
Barney Google, Toots and Casper, the Little King, and Flash Gordon.
See all these famous characters in your copy of next Sunday's Comic Weekly.
And don't forget our date next week, the 4th of July, at 5 p.m. on the CW.
Same time, same station, for a continuation of the adventures of Jungle Jim.
Did you put that Jim Beam in your coffee?
No, I just have that here in case I need to rely on it during an exceptionally stressful portion of this and the following programs.
It's good. It's good to be prepared.
And the program after that. And the program after that.
And the program after that. And the program after that.
The endless series of entertainments.
And then that other program.
Piled like Pelion on Ossa, or the impious Tower of Nimrod.
It makes me run around screaming with Muppet arms.
Right outside the used car.
And the Timorous Tower of Nimrod.
Yeah, right.
Yes, the shadow of which was five miles and more in length.
I saw some of the Timorous Towers of Nimrod last night on stage.
As you know, Nimrod wished to reach heaven with this incredible edifice.
It was a pretty incredible edifice, wasn't it?
Yeah, it was. And he also had sex with his mom.
Nice.
That evil queen, or some say, Semiramis.
Like flowers in the attic kind of stuff.
Well, as the ruler, he could do what he wanted.
Were Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John related to V.C. Andrews?
The rules that govern the common people are not for those with a high and lonely destiny, like Nimrod.
But, as you know,
Only the Lord.
Only the Lord.
The Lord scattered their tongues, and so...
Isn't that really what happened? They scattered their tongues?
They weren't able to communicate with each other.
Oh, it was that whole Babylon thing.
Babel.
Well, Babel, yes. The place was known as Babel or Babel.
Also, some pronounce it Ba-bell.
Ba-bell. Any relation to Ma-bell?
No, that's been disbanded.
I think that might be a connection there. Ma-bell and Ba-bell.
Now we're having all this...
Da-bell.
...violence in the world. Kids getting kidnapped and...
Naps getting kidnapped.
Naps getting kidnapped and people dying so other people can play soccer.
It's a whole...
I haven't been engaged in the news cycle while I've been out here, and many strange events and convulsions in the outer world have probably occurred without my knowledge.
But what are you going to do about any of them?
Well, I can learn if there's...
Someone's going to post something on Facebook about it.
A giant radioactive lizard in the air.
I can read about it.
And I'm going to like some of the answers.
I watch the TV and they'll tell you all about it.
And it put emoticons.
A blow-by-blow account.
Little pieces of digital information that leave a record somewhere stating that I didn't like that. But I like this.
Well, it's how you get Big Brother's attention. Everybody seems to be fighting for that day in and day out.
Just leaving a huge paper trail so that they can't sift through it all and find the important stuff.
I never use... They want Big Brother to know everything they eat.
The better your defense is because they don't have the time to sift through all of it.
All of their algorithms can't explain everything all the time.
Obobos can.
Well, sure.
The algorithms of Obobo can read the secret yearnings of your heart.
He's the Muslim Hippar.
And tell if you're a communist or something.
Commie pinko shears cutting everything in their wake.
We had some subgeniuses join the church because they thought by Pink Boy we meant...
Communists, which to them is the same thing as people who vote Democratic, I guess.
Well, in the 1950s, if you were a pinko or a parlor pink, it meant that you were tinged with red, don't you know?
I thought it just meant you were awfully rosy and glowy.
No, that you see is different. That is the problem with these slippery expressions that can slide around meaning one thing or another.
Nazi means National Socialists.
Capitalists.
That means they were socialists, which means they were like communists.
Nazis is communist.
The German word...
And you're a Nazi.
...Nelke, often translated as pink...
If you voted for Obobo or voted against him, you're a communist.
Commie Nazi?
Or a Muslim.
...Blushing pink rose.
You could tell by their beards that they're crazy, like those Duck Dynasty Muslims.
Them guys...
Oh, Duck Dynasty Talibansters.
Talibanies.
Or the Bo Bergdahl's dad who wore a bristly beard just to...

...offend the senior senator from Arizona.
Yeah, it's not like he's... I can't believe he hasn't just been, you know, like, grooming himself and just, you know, getting to the spa on the barber this whole year his son's been.
Grooming is something that often occurs here in the subgenius camp. You can often see the she subgenius picking through the furry mat that covers the he subgenius as they peacefully forage at their campsite for roots, nuts, and...
...deep jerky.
...free drinks.
Yeah, beef jerky. Slim Jim's.
Cans of Poo-Po and ranch-style beans.
Beef turkey jerky.
Oh, yeah, I've got my can of ranch-style beans out in the van.
I have a shrine to the can of ranch-style beans.
I miss Pantyara because last year she groomed, uh, like crazy.
It's been too many years.
I mean, groomed others.
Well, you could spend days working just on Reverend Skull there. He's got enough lice and nets and things to feed him.
You use the small metal comb with the tines located almost touching each other. And then you pull out...
I'm like a man with a close set of tines.
...life on man.
Like a man with a nice tight, close set of tines.
Let's have a tight close-up on those tines, uh, right here. And insert them into the record later.
And we will insert that tine at another time.
Uh-huh.
That's weird. That's not the music I was looking for.

I thought I was gonna play.
This is, uh, from...it's like...this is an album of covers of the themes from my video game, Monster Hunter.
Hmm.
I don't know how that got in...I didn't mean to...oh, well, I'll just leave it on there, I guess.
Uh, let's see. What...okay, credits.
It's pretty music.
Before, uh, the lone cow calls, let's...what have we got here?
Uh, ba-ba-ba-ba...
Uh, well, thanks to, uh, Fat Man.

Uh, Andy and Dr. Hal there at 17X Day, uh, last summer.
We're getting near the end of the 17X Day material.
That we also played from 17X Day, Priestess Pisces doing her story of Auntie Slack, uh, with six-fisted tails of Connie,
which is the jam band that forms only at X Day, like Brigadoon.
It only exists for a short time.
Um...
Oh, and the Medley of Gods.
Great hooks.
I'm sure some people were wondering about that.
I sure was when I came upon it.
Uh, that was on a disc that Potter Nostril gave us.
Yeah.
It was just miscellaneous stuff.
Praise Potter Nostril.
It was labeled, Shadowy Men.
Uh, so I guess that was Shadowy Men doing that great guitar hook medley.
What else?
Oh, uh, uh, the...PR News and the titles were done by Lee Murr.
And I can't remember the name of the subgenius who pointed it out.
He pointed me to The Jungle Jim Show with Bob and Connie.
But, uh...
Uh...
But thanks.
Um, maybe I could dig that out.
He just sent me an email with a link and said, Bob and Connie were on The Old Jungle Jim Show.
Who knew?
So, uh, ah, yes, yes, yes.
Oh, that music is pretty.
It is very pretty.
It makes me want to play my video game some more instead of do this show.
Isn't that funny how that works?
Not really.
Um...
Ha ha ha ha!
Stangor fool Little Weak Glasses Man!
Little Weak Glasses Man not running show, Stangor run show now!
Ha!
Little Weak Glasses people call Stangor World...video game.
Them the ones in video game.
Them world, Little Weak Glasses world, fake, silly, stupid, waste of time.
No monsters.
Not vee...
Good weapons.
What is blinking light here?
What is blinking light?
Why is blight blinking?
Blinking light might be our friend Dave.
Huh?
Huh?
The archetype.
Ha ha ha!
The nozzle is dripping.
That's what's wrong.
He he.
Stangor no understand.
Ha ha ha ha!
It's okay Stangor.
Little Weak Man talk funny.
Little Weak Man talk funny.
Cow...
Who is man?
Who is man?
Man is Lone Cow Dave.
Lone Cow Dave kill monsters?
What weapon Lone Cow Dave prefer?
What wrong with Lone Cow Dave?
Lone Cow Dave dumbstruck by Stangor.
I think something has happened here again Reverend Stang is...
Little Weak Glasses men not here.
Stangor here now.
Video game world come real.
It's happening again.
In fake world of players and Little Weak Glasses men.
Stangor run show now.
Play good music.
Play good music.

Good music from video game.
What you what people call video game.
Little people.
Dave?
Hey what's going on?
Do we still have Dave?
Princess Wee the music just...
Was there a...
What happened?
What just happened?
Well um it's happening again dear.
What?
Stangor took over the show.
What?
Yes.
On the...
I mean I did that on the air?
Yes.
Yes it actually happened.
It really happened.
Stangor was running things not you.
How long did that...
Good lord it's almost 930.
What happened to Dave?
I don't know.
He was here and now he seems to be not here.
You know he's been...
Wait a minute.
This is all just driving me nuts.
Well there was some kind of a noise from Dave.
That's that new thing that happens with the phone here.
I'm gonna have to...
Well wait a minute.
My reality is falling apart around me.
The music.
That's what it is.
Did Stang...
Wait a minute.
Stangor must have taken over and slipped that music in there.
That's right.
How many times did I do that today?
Several times today dear.
Really?
Yes.
Yes.
His worlds bleed over into each other and...
I don't know.













It gets confusing once in a while.
Uh Dave if you can hear us we're not hearing you at all.
I'm going to drop you like a hot potato okay?
No offense.
If you can hear us call back.
Call back?
If you can't hear us...
Well I don't know.
Oh well there went Dave.
He's gone now.
Oh no.
I took him off.
I...
You might...
Maybe you should go call him.
Okay.
If he's not trying to call back in.
Right.
Listeners I must apologize for the confusion.
Not only did Lonesome Cowboy Dave, the only person allowed to call the show, disappeared.
But apparently I've been disappearing.
Dave?
Yes can you hear me at all?
Yeah I can now.
What happened there?
Well I don't know.
My reception of you guys got a little bit...

I was like yelling away and saying all kinds of really super hilarious cool stuff with
your Stangor routine you know?
I was just going on and on and on every once in a while.
Routine?
I thought you were...
See because you said...
We couldn't...
I thought it was part of the shtick because...
No we heard the very beginning of your call and then we couldn't hear you.
Yeah.
See and I thought that was part of the shtick because you actually sounded better.
It sounded like you were right in the room and I was trying to get you to hell.
I don't know what's going on Dave.
I've been...
Princess Wee has informed me that this is like...
How many times did that happen?
I'd say at least three or four times today.
I've been having these fits.
Stangor takeover anytime Stangor wants.
Little Weak Glasses man not in control.
Turn up background music much better.
Mocha Village theme.
Ha ha funny.
Music of Little Weak Glasses people stupid.
What are you laughing at Princess Wee?
Well when Stangor takes over it just tickles me.
I can't explain it dear.
What do you...
Well I have a special relationship with Stangor.
Well at least I haven't...
You shouldn't be jealous.
At least it only happened once.
You're behind Stan's back you're having it with Stangor?
Don't tell him.
What?
You don't know?
Ha ha ha.
Stangor fluff.
Don't laugh at Little Weak Glasses man.
Little Weak Glasses man have no clue.
Ha ha ha.
Stangor take funny.
Phew.
There's some dangerous water right now I think.
Huh what?
Well it's obvious you've lost your mind to a game.
What?
Why do you say that?
Look it only happened once.
No it's actually happened a lot.
Yeah.
I counted four times and yeah.
What?
Ha ha ha.
Are you serious?
Please be serious.
And then we said the same thing over and then you say the same thing over and over
and then I get lost.
Ha ha ha.
I guess it's like snoring.
I don't even know I'm doing it.
Princess Wee claims that I snore but I've never heard that happen.
Not Woods.
Well you can't smell your own feet but she can.
It's the heart of the matter.
Ha ha ha.
The odors we give off.
Yeah that's it.
The psychic odors we give off.
And you're giving off some strange psychic odors right now.
If I didn't know better about all these secret government programs I would say that you've
probably been sealed in and pasted.
What secret government program?
The one in the video game you watch all the time.
The one you are.
Ha ha ha.
What?
It's Japanese.
What would that have to do with the...
Our government.
It might have some kind of...

Actually I think that video game is...
I think some stoners did the translations from the Japanese because it's got all these hints about drugs.
You're constantly having to eat potions and it makes you strong and powerful.
Not like Little Weak Glasses Man who can't do anything.
Ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha.
Little Weak Glasses Man.
Ha ha ha.
Stangor just wait and play tricks on him.
Ha ha ha.
Stangor played trick on Little Weak Glasses Man.
Now turn up the music.
Good music.
See this goes all the way back to the days of Ulysses if you want to read that memory.
Hey how this music got so loud?
Suddenly the music...
See...
These sliders are like moving up on their own.
It's Stangor dear.
What?
Stangor.
Let's put it without...
Stangor come again.
Vex Stangor.
What does this game's brain?
Uh...
Do you think there might be something to what they say about video games?
I mean I've only been playing this game for about...
I've only been playing video games period for about three years.
Ha ha ha.
Ha ha.
And I've...
I mean how many hours have I got...
Has Stangor got in now?
The full three years.
Fourteen...
About fourteen hundred hours.
That's all.
Fourteen hundred.
Yeah that's all.
Yeah that's the full three years.
It's not like I've been wasting my time on that.
Three hundred sixty five times a day.
I'm sixty.
Wait a minute.
Yeah that's almost a full year of waking time.
So that's only one third of my time.
Ha ha ha.
On Earth?
No.
No way Fred.
Yeah because I've been playing for three years.
If it's...
You're ejaculating in the wrong soup bucket.
Ha ha ha.
This is not the way things are supposed to run or walk.
This is the way that things are supposed to fold and decay.
Understand?
Get away from it.
It's dangerous to you.
It's hurting you.
God help me.
I'm getting a stangy.
Please stangy.
Stangor bored by silly talk of weak glasses people.
Stangor have advice for many young hunters.
When monster is cold monster in tundra like Barioth, use fire weapon.
Cold monster hate fire weapon.
Ha ha ha.
If monster is hot monster in volcano, use ice weapon or water weapon.
No, no, no.
What you need is a vagina with teeth.
That'll take care of all your problems.
You won't imagine you're anything anymore.
Her called Gigi Knox.
Vagina with teeth called Gigi Knox live in tundra.
Use fire weapon.
You see...
And take antidote and many potions.
Everything is interpreted according to the way that it appears in the game, Dave.
There really is not...
Take full pack of potion and antidote.
A lot that you can do.
And speed.
And argumentation and debate.
Dash juice.
And speed.












And

Oh, jeez.
Take dash juice.
Take mite pills.
Adamant pills.
Need many potions to fight Gigi Knox in tundra.
I would like to do a saliva swab on him right now.
Uh-huh.
Gum swab.
Yeah.
What you can do with...
Genetic information would have to change each time, you know, what... who gets over
the game.
I said I could snake all the way and clean one.
Meaning I could tell that you were...
Oh, never mind.
I keep meaning to turn off this music and put something else on.
Oh, Stengor making Little Weak Glasses Man play Monster Hunter music.
Good music.
Stengor turn up loud.
How did that music get so hot?
I can barely hear you.
God, this is...
Who me?
Am I going to have to edit this show a whole lot?








Or what?
I don't...
I'm...
Dave, I'm afraid we've fallen victim to the Stengor taking over Reverend Steng thing.
Right.
There's not a lot that we can do about it, Dave.
Editorially speaking, you've already made a lot of changes.
You don't have to worry about it.
You can just put it down and stop whenever you change.
I can't wait to listen to this back.
Well, I think a lot of people are pretty sad about the whole affair.
Maybe you should drive on the way home.
Yeah.
I'm not sure if Stengor knows how to...
That's a definite concern.
There's no way he would know how to drive.
Well, on the other hand...
Especially with the beastly feet growing out from under.
Do I have a copy of Grand Theft Auto with me?
Then I could drive.
I could drive really good.
But...
No.
No.
You'd probably take out a lot too many...
You know the splat...
I like the splat design, like in Grand Theft Auto and stuff.
Like when somebody gets hit by a car real hard and they bleed a lot and there's like a splat
design that comes out.
And it looks kind of animated even though everything else looks like, this is almost
real.
You like that splat design?
I fell asleep at the end of...
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
I fell asleep at the end of what I was saying.
Well, at least you know who didn't jump out of the pig toilet.
I watched a...
What?
What?

What's a pig toilet?
The pig toilet?
What?
What is the pig toilet?
Yeah.
It's just another video game.






You haven't heard of pig toilet?
No, but we did play Goat...
The Goat...
Remember in Germany?
Yeah.
Bucky had a copy of that Goat game where...
Yeah.
It's like you're a goat and you just run around flying through the...
Flying off of rooftops and...
It was a very, very, very, very twisted game.
Would you like to hear a really, really weird one?
Would you like to hear a really, really, really weird one?
I haven't heard anything weird yet tonight.
I was at a top like...
Hey.
Hey.
I was at a stoplight and I had an attack of why a goat.
I started yelling it as a matter of fact, well, quietly to myself because I didn't want
to know the goat people, you know?
Anyway, some sort of barely recognizable utility truck with a bunch of names and stuff on it
that didn't seem to make any sense.
And their logo looked like the old cornice of...
Goat head.
Oh, they're just Satanists.
That's all.
Oh.
That's all.
So it's like, you know, with the Knights of Columbus, like if they run the company or
something or the evangelical...
Like some of these Christian churches, same thing.
Couldn't they be Aries or something like the ram?
No.
Well, maybe it was a ram's head.
Maybe I'm jumping over a few eons, a few centuries.
We saw an interesting logo on a truck today coming back from the WCSB open house.
The right hand...
It's a Jans Everythingness company.
Wasn't that it?
Jans Everythingness company.
We're doing a free ad for Jans Everythingness.
It really sounds, but...
Apparently it was a home decorator or a repairman.
It was a handyman service, I believe.
Right.
Everythingness.
They do everything.
Yeah, one of those jack-mask wall blasters and trasters of, you know...
I hate those people, especially when they think they know it all and they only know
a little bit about each particular...
I don't know.
I don't know.








I don't know.
Oh, now I got to...
To me thinking about the British and the American stuff again, I'm sorry, I have to go.
I'll stop.
Is this show more schizophrenic than usual?
This episode of this show, I mean.
I believe that it is just a tad more, yes.
Just a tad more.
You know, it's like, yeah, it's on the line between great art and a very, very painful
experience with a psychiatrist.
This show boring.
Not enough monsters.
Stangor, wipe out monsters.
Stangor, rid world of monsters so men can build condos in Moga Village.
Build a condom.
You just go to the store and buy one.
Put it on your head.
Thanks to you, you have the inner cities where it's really getting bad.
A lot of people take a super huge condom and they go and rob a bank or something.
They'll put that over their head because it makes you look like really, really, really, really.
Stangor now understand little weak cow man.
In Texas.
Obviously gone far around the bend.
What were we just talking about, you guys?
I got lost again.
I'm not feeling very good, Princess Wee.
Right, I was going to ask you.
You'll be okay, dear.
I can't.
I can't anymore.
I've lost the ability to do that.
To what?
To evacuate?
I can't.
Well, when they explode the nuclear devices, you're never going to be able to evacuate, Mr. Stang.
I'm not talking about number one or number two.
I'm talking about number three.
I can't do number three anymore.
The one that smells bad.
That's the easiest thing to do in the world when you don't want to.
It's just as well.
I mean, now Princess Wee doesn't have to smell them in bed, but I don't get to experience
the joy of releasing them.
No matter how much beans I eat, that's the weirdest thing.
I go out of my way to eat beans to produce gas so I can do number three, but I just,
it's like it doesn't work.
He says it's no longer his life.
Broccoli doesn't do it?
Nothing does it.
I can't fart anymore.
I can't fart anymore.
It's sad.
It's sad.
It's sad.











I have to describe this medically and scientifically.
It's disgusting because it's obvious what it is, but you know what it is.
It's decaying material that's giving off gas.
Well, but it doesn't escape anymore.
It's not just like a farting wing machine that appears in your stomach because God or
dogs or something or nature gave it to you.
It has to be nurtured like an elegant duck, like a squirmy little piece of vacuum cleaner,
something.
You know, that we can string a horn to, something that we can shave our baboons with, like knights
in the wilderness with Santa around.
Nuke the baboons.
Huh?
Nuke the baboons.
Hey, in our time zone here, we have a holiday coming up.
Which one is it?
It's coming way too soon, too.
Thanksgiving.
That's right.
It's a student baboon, the arms registry or something like that.
I think it was an NR eating that we had to get with.
Should I do another Slack Friday sale?
Yes.
Maybe the same kind as last year, two memberships for the price of one.
Yes.
I think that you really, really should.
It was a huge success last year, wasn't it?
Right.
But that's why I wonder if it would be again because everybody who's ever going to buy
a subgenius membership did that then.
Last year?
Yeah.
I don't think so.
I'm not recommending that anyone do that.
By the way, on this.
Yeah, that would be.
Support.
Of course not.
Right.
This independent.
That would be contrary to.
Just having a discussion.
Practices of the.
Well, the National Guard.
I keep remembering things I'm supposed to do.
Trademark the name FROP.
Okay.
FROP doesn't mean marijuana, but a lot of people think it does.
We move earrings and nipple.
So, you know, they're legalized it in a bunch of states now.
Somebody's going to market it.
Somebody's going to start selling.
Medical marijuana or just plain recreational marijuana packaged as from if I don't trademark
it.
The problem is it costs like 500 bucks to trademark something.
And every five years you got to pay more.
You are a man.
It's serious.
It is.
It's a good thing to think about.
But I don't have 500 bucks.
I do.
But I have to spend it on other things like FROP.
Yeah.
Yeah.


























The trademark of the FROP.
You weren't supposed to say yes.
Well, it's not.
I'm telling you, it's not the same thing as marijuana.
I have a FROP Zipulops.
Marifazolumina lupina is a plant that grows in Tibet only.
Only on droppings of Yetis or the graves of holy men.
In the form.
And if you can get a Yeti to use a holy man's grave as his toilet regularly, you'd have
the best FROP in the universe.
Yes.
Yeah.
I don't think I haven't thought of that, man.
If we could just get like, if we could get a Yeti to become a holy man and go in his
same old garden that he went and where he's coming and going anyway, because, well, returning
to rags and riches or dust or filth or something like that.
And I don't know, you know, we're returning to it or whatever and stuff because there
doesn't appear to be a start point.
But if we could do that, just think of it as having some FROP Zipulops that we would
have to use.

















And the way they have, yeah.
Yeah.
That's what I say too.
A hard to rock a path, well yeah.
By all.
Oh Frank, I didn't know your head was so oblong.
What does this have to do with the Church of the Subgenius?
Stagor no care about Church of Subgenius.
It's stupid for little children, little weak glasses people, nerd, who sit and play video
game all time.
Not, not at all.
Like manly hunt.
Mighty hunt.
Stagor make little weak glasses men work hard, fun monster hunt at Subgenius land.
Next week, little weak glasses men be forced by Stagor to play monster hunt.
Sure.
Get a hold of yourself, man.
Can't you see what you're saying?
Just watch.
Just write down everything you're experiencing right now.
In a few short hours, I guarantee you'll feel much better.
Take those notes out and look at them.
I turn into Stagor.
What does that mean?
What does that really, really mean?
Look deep.
Think of what you're saying.
Little weak cow man.
Make him know what's going on.
Little weak cow man's silly.
Stagor prefer to talk with good talking people.
Tarzan.
Frankenstein.
Tonto.
Them talk right.
Those guys, they gotta go.
Yeah, especially the solacists because they think they're the only ego that is trench,
that's beyond the superego of the, of humanity and stuff.
Stagor miss Tonto, Tarzan, Frankenstein.
Them talk good.
Do good radio show.
Simple.
Keep thing in mind for a long time.
Take out Tonto.
















They're not just talking.
No, take out Tonto.
No, take out, no.
I, I …
Stagor laughed.
Stagor maybe not ever let little weak glasses man come back.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Kill monster all day, all night.
Well, the parrots will sing in paradise tonight.
But …
Just knowing that you disemboweled yourself from that unholy, unholy game that you're
playing with yourself.
But Stengor lonely.
Stengor no can touch Weedor.
Stengor no can even take off pants.
Stengor only see Weedor in arena.
Only have time to fight monster.
No time to make out.
But when try to make out, like ghost.
Stengor lonely.
Stengor let little weak glasses man come back now.
That was the stupidest thing I ever heard in my life.
What?
What are you talking about?
Oh, you just started going on saying that you were having some kind of premature ejaculation problem.
Princess Weed, did I do it again?
Yes, it happened again.
Stengor's been taking over this evening and actually all throughout the last several weeks.
We definitely need to drive.
Yes, I'll be driving.
And you said you were lonely.
Did that happen at the open house?
Yes, it happened a few times during the night.


What happened when you were really lonely?
What did people do?
Well, they just kind of look askance and, you know, they probably thought I was kidding, right?
Some people think you're kidding.
Some people that know you a little bit better are a little worried.
Those who know, they beat their swords against their shields and shouted the name Stengor.
Stengor.
Yes.
I'm rich.
That's right.
Dr. Slater speaks the truth.
That only happens in that better world.
In that world, I'm rich.
Well, Stengor.



Stengor is rich.
I'm proud to help Stengor.

I'm proud to help Stengor.
And I'm not ashamed of being subservient to a great hunter like that.
I hope you'll leave me alone now that I've said that.
At least until we get back home and I can start up the Wii U again.
Like what we and I just both say unanimously and with great vigor both between me and the Ashton's party.
And I hope you'll leave me alone now that I've said that.




We mean, we'll say, me very sorry, Stengor hurt Steng or Steng hurt Stengor.
We understand some part Stengor versus Steng.
You know, the saddest, one thing that may be contributing to my problems is that I don't have any subgenius friends who'll play Monster Hunter with me.
Except.
Except.
Lily Drummond, age eight.
You want to go under the blanket to the flashlight and wear underpants.
And people think, well, he's 73 years old.
What is he going to do back for?
It's obvious, well, a 73-year-old gentleman would like to do with a flat thing and the right batteries.
Are you saying that I look silly in that Stengor cosplay outfit?
No, you look so elegant and beautiful.
You look like a diamond box.
You're like a million smokoti.
You are very beautiful.
Yeah, yeah.
What is going on with my music over there?
I don't know.
It sounds like a rat got into the works.
Oh, here we go.
The heavy metal version of the Monster Hunter thing.
Friends, you're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
Although I'm not.
I won't know what happened until I get back and play the recording.
If you need to know more, and you probably do, you could go to subgenius.com.
Oh, and Ohio people might want to be aware that there is a free Subgenius Devival.
I think it is free, right?
Yes.
In Kent?
I believe it is free.
On Saturday week, I believe.
December 6th.
It's right there on the posters on the door.
That was the deal.
Yes.
It's the same.
It's the same.

My father told me Pearl Harden exploded.
Can you imagine anybody can get so fat and still think they can conquer the worms?
At the Stone Tavern at 110 East Main Street in Kent.
On which day?
On Saturday, December 6th from 5 p.m. to 2 a.m.

And there's five bands including Amoeba Knievel with Tommy Amoeba.
Yes.
Well, friends, we have to go now because the show is over.
And also, we have to evacuate.
Yes.
The light is red.
It's gone from amber to red.
And it's time to hit the beach.
But there's no way to get there.
It's that sad, sad time when Dave slowly fades out.
Stengor, listen to good music now.
Weak glasses people go away.
Weak glasses people go away.
Weak glasses people go away.


Weak glasses people go away.
Weak glasses people go away.
But the人民 needed to go in university.
Theissippi, Department of English!





.xin
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
