Get your father in the room, look at the lawn, you're out.
Huh. Funny light tonight.
Look at my shadow.
You are about to participate in a great adventure.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to...
The subgenius.
The power of slack.
There is absolutely no other possibility.
Now, let me introduce your tutors.
Reverend Ivan Stang.
She's also been to Nicaragua.
To Nicaragua.
In the sausage.
In the serum.
By the way, she may also speak Spanish.
Oh, that's right, dear friends.
We're back again with everything all changed around and...
Still my shadow, but...
It's still...
There's no shadow here that I know.
That's the whole problem, you see.
But we're going to have a special subject for the show tonight.
For some of you...
People who haven't been up on your subgenius terminology lately.
We're going to investigate the subject of doctors.
Doctors.
That's a rank in the church of the subgenius.
Yes, there's doctors out there, all right.
Doctors.
Yeah, I could...
I don't...
Well, it can...
No one can define the doctor syndrome.
It can only be illustrated by example.
Yes.
And be glad you can't see this show right now.
Except on Channel X.
We're having enough trouble as it is.
It has been a fun Easter, friends.
You know, last year the Easter pterodactyl brought the little eggs for my kids out in Glen Rose.
And this year, unfortunately, it wasn't quite so easy.
It was the Easter vomit ultrasaurs.
Huge eggs.
Huge eggs.
But...
I mean, you can hear them in the background.
Just how bad it was.
So...
Dallas viewers, may call the number on your screen, 823-7490, for information.
For disinformation, just keep listening.
And, uh, thank you.
It's just been a heck of a war so far here.
We're trying to march all the slack squads back to their barracks now.
And they're a little bit hard to deactivate.
They get belligerent late at night.
But they seem to be able to make it back to the barracks here.
Look, they've started now.
Yes.
This is what we call the, uh, monster beach party.
Oh, hey.
Well, so welcome to the subgenius beach party.
Yes, last week it was in Houston on KPFA.
You'll never know where the subgenius beach party is.
And don't you wish you did.
Oh, dear.
That ding.
Felt great.
Well, Dr. Howell, is there any way you can fight through the sound effects and tell us about the...
the relationship between the demopods and the...
Well, the demopods and the myriapods got together at the early...
No, the demopods and us-a-pods.
Oh, the demopods.
It says right here on the script we're supposed to...
I didn't understand that.
I thought you meant this script right here.
The one with the red lines on the cover.
Listen, never read anything with red dots.
I never believe anything with red dots.
It says read addresses to people you don't like on the show.
I'm coming in from all sides.
Too many buttons to push, too many tape recorders to watch.
Mobius ranks at your service.
Frankly, I don't give a damn.
Dead center.
Yes, liberty ranks.
I can't stand things that fight me.
That don't make any sense.
Come on, let's get out of my brain.
I am a subgenius, and by that virtue I am in touch with forces greater than man.
I dare you to kill me.
I am not a dupe of the conspiracy.
I know more than they do.
I am a subgenius.
That's all I need to be.
I'm one of the good guys.
I shall prevail.
Let out the crazy man inside you.
He knows what's what.
Smile when you call me a fanatic.
Me primate.
Me overman.
I say to the pigs, give me your money.
You won't need it.
The future offers you not but destruction.
What do they believe in?
Everything.
Who do they believe in?
A mysterious character named Bob.
A character named Bob.
Bob.
A character named Bob.
Bob is what will bring slack to planet Earth.
And to you, young man.
And to you, if you will send a dollar.
If you send a dollar.
Who do they believe in?
A mysterious character named Bob.
Bob is the gun, and you are the bullet.
The showdown is fast approaching.
The church is still unknown, but its infectious doctrines spread across continents.
Church headquarters, the first megaphys temple lodge, is housed in this Dallas skyscraper,
from which Dob's secret mandates are issued to his agents in the dreaded Brotherhood of Bob.
But this mighty edifice represents but the tip of a wandering rogue iceberg.
The words, hymns, and sounds of Bob's voice are the only things that are heard.
The sound effects of Dob's are disseminated on a weekly basis to thousands of devout radio listeners in most major cities,
even as far away as China and darkest Africa.
This show is so popular today, we're studying it from all angles, and you can even watch this show on Channel X.
As Hal plays the microphone, it flies backwards around the other side of the planet.
The subgeniuses in China have to listen on shortwave radios, very hard to detect.
You'll notice we've switched to spewage music for the background for this episode.
The show is a segment of the, uh, uh, show.
As the psychic surgery is performed, the doctor's sweaty brow is wiped by a small nuclear explosion.
Oof. All better now.
Oh!
Hello!
You're improving, Jack. You just can't seem to get rid of that streak of honesty in you.
He gave you a vision of moral justice.
He gave you a vision of moral justice.
He gave you moral order in the universe, and there isn't any.
Those stars twinkle in a void, dear boy, and the two-legged creature schemes and dreams beneath them, all in vain.
All in vain, Jack.
You hear anything?
Listen to me.
The two-legged creature won't believe anything, and the more preposterous, the better.
Whales speak French at the bottom of the sea.
The whole world is a mess.
of Arabia have silver wings. Pygmies mate with elephants in darkest Africa. I have
sold all those propositions. They were all fools and none of it matters.
For whatever reason you refuse to feel this space we're in, to know its insanity,
really know it, whatever your particular anesthetic is that you hold on to so
desperately, the thing I mean that makes you think you know who you are, whatever
that thing is you allow to keep you sane, your ace in the hole, the psyche that
keeps you from trying to guess at what your pimp has in store for you, whatever
keeps you from screaming out at this very moment in absolute and sheer horror,
whatever that is, whatever that is, it's a lie. It's a lie. Give reality your
power.
Brain, you fantasized son of Walt Disney. It's a lie. An old off-the-street pimp's con
game, the magic for turning human blood into US steel, the thing that seduces you into
being satisfied and pointing to the last tiny patch of flesh you have on your bones as proof
of your humanity and keeps you satisfied thinking yourself human because you live a fraction
of a fraction of a fraction of a life.
I know you.
No.
Because you live here in his space as I do, are his image and play his game on each other,
thinking it's your own. I know you.
No.
You can't live in an insane asylum, play an insane game with a madman and be objective,
brother.
No.
Hope? At least prostitutes get paid.
No.
Yes, while you pin your hopes, your sanity, and most of all your individuality on that rickety old man,





you're a little too old for the kind game, a web of words.
No.
While the master pimp helps you paint your individual death wish in your head, feel who you are.
No.
Feel for a split second the obscenity of who you've got to be.
No.
Really. In actions, I mean.
Defined by, ordered up for, and delivered to your jobs on Monday morning, the greatest eight hours you'll spend in your entire life, ho.
Is a colored television really worth that?
In this filth, this insidious insanity, this nightmare of deception and hypocrisy, in this United States of America,
careful not to awake on sleeping, we, you and I, wander around through a sea of our own rotten bodies,
in this pimp whore's game, you pretending it's everything else, in this sewer in which no one can escape,

playing, it's normal for brothers to pimp sisters and wives because their fathers pimped them,
or for television stations to pimp their audiences for perverted sponsors who whore for their own commercials.
And, until the authorities catch on, even common normals can purchase The Word of Bob itself in condensed form,
the legendary book of the subgenius, available in bookstores everywhere.
But the only certain way to receive the Dobbs teachings in uncut form is to tithe directly to the church.
Do you really think you've freed yourself of America's special insidiousness of being inside you?
No, brother, America's a condition.
One thing's for sure, a sheep is not a creature of the air.
But at the same time, we will be intent on searching out the truth of all evidentiary components,
which ostensibly have posed a threat to our constitutional processes, in particular, our concept of freedom and our electoral process.
Good bread, because I was making, uh, two seventy-one an hour.
Well, as a member of the Stock Exchange, I would suck their brains out with a straw.
The easiest way is to write a postal card and ask them to mail you all their leaflets.
They'll put you on, and forever you'll have everything.
Even after it's over with, you'll still get it. They're very happy to do so.
You will be ordained as a card-carrying minister, and receive the huge official magazine of churchly news and doctrine,
The Stark Fist of Removal.
I'd just like to say a few words about The Stark Fist of Removal.
This is the official newsletter of the church, and it's got all kinds of great stuff in it.
It's got, uh, proof of the law.
It's got a picture of Bob with Ronald Reagan in there.
It's got, uh, all important instructions to the subgenius.
Illiterates can purchase their choice of dozens of inspirational cassette tapes.
And there's even a line of casual subgenius wear to fit every size or budget.
Why don't you sprit their nostrils open with a bowtook?
Well, that's not a very good answer. You're heightening my concern rather than lessening it.
It's embarrassing.
It's moist.
It's moist. It drips.
It squirts.
It's liquid warmth emitting from your body.
It's, uh, it dribbles. It spits.
It's nasty.
But yet it's beautiful in its own wet, slimy, squirting,
and embarrassing way.
He did. And he did it the subgenius way, too.
He got, it wasn't, he had already gotten a short-duration marriage.
That's right.
From Pastor Naked, an official one.
He already had the paperwork. He did have the paperwork.
He would have sanctified couplings, friends, for the last few years.
But their short-duration marriage ran out, and rather than send Buck any more money,
they went to Las Vegas and had one of those parlor chapel, as Norm just told me they're called,
a parlor chapel wedding.
Marriage parlor.
And when he left the chapel, this, this accolade,
came running, you know, it was one of those ten-minute ceremonies.
This guy actually had the gall to come running out going,
uh, sir, there's supposed to be a $25 tip, quote, tip, unquote,
to which Pope Sterno threw down a dollar and said, sir, kill me.
That's right. But we should say congratulations to Pope Sterno
and his faithful ubermatrix, that is to say, Miss Dottie.
That's right. And they're creating more little yetis, friends.
Yes, sir.
They are further contaminating the gene pool.
Yes, sir. Little tiny artisanian yeti babies.
The way he became a subgenius was his father was one of the guys who had to stand
on the Nevada desert and face nuclear tests from about half a mile away.
That's right. Wearing only goggles and a lead-shielded jockstrap.
Mm-hmm. Duck and cover, baby.
You betcha.
But they weren't allowed to in those days, and the result is thousands of subgenius children
of those, those selfless servicemen who gave their genetic structure for...
Genes. Gave their genes for...
For nuclear dominance.
There you go.
...to study OSR in the hydrospeed, Zotesh.
Uh, yeah.







What did you say?
H jocks
arders?
Humanflies?
Uh-uh.
We've heard that when we're scrolling through radio stations in the world we think
we're probably off our spider's web.

Yeah, it's just cool to see how fascinating Sci play's been at this height.
An interesting!'
Wow long hi.
Ta-na'wa.
Uh...
If we want to eradicate the very concept of money, it's going to take money and tons of it.
But money is to burn.
Here come tons of money now.
So we're asking, and we can start with yours.
Okay.
Mr. Listener.
All the listeners now are putting their money in a big pile.
If we can take all the money and burn it, then we can start a free anarchist society.
But we've got to have all the money first.
We're the only people who can take the responsibility for this project.
Yes, air and liquid both emit from this new type of tool, which we have now begun to provide to the ministers and those who would spread the seed of Bob.
The seed, my friend, of Bob.
It is true there is a thing here I do not understand.
There's a pain between my ears.
And so the confused initiate was led to Dockstock, Dobstown itself, Dobstown, Malaysia, where he was shocked to discover the most primitive possible living condition.
Earth was inhabited by a species from another dimension with certain chance from the book sacrifices.
This race, the old ones, can be brought back.
And mankind?
Destroyed.
To say what.
In the vast continuity of school parks, There seemed to learn evil within.
There were people there, with sensible hills.
And there were children there, with no rooms of distinction.
There were women there, with no room of justification.
Who was thought of as virtuous
For they contain the blood
Of the ruling class
Of Suropat
I said men cry
Baby it's time
Children fell
Men sigh
Babies cry
Men die
Children fell
Women suffer
People die
They wanted repentance
And victims they wanted to escape
Yeah they just wanted to escape
He should know about it
He should know about it
He should know about Suropat
And the winter solstice
And the winter solstice
And the winter solstice
And the winter solstice
I said men cry
Babies die
Children fell
People were hurt
They died

fans. Ah yes, People's Temple.
I'd say
there's about four months
before what?
Before there's a delightful smell
in the universe of charcoal's mankind.
You really mean four months?
According to the temperature rises in the last
few weeks, yes.
So that's the message, is it? About another
300 deadlines. Is that what we say in tomorrow's
paper? Tomorrow we report the news, the facts.
We leave prophecy to the street corner cranks.
Some purchase thousands of
Bob's handy pamphlets with which to recruit
the worthy and to perplex
the normals. To fill their minds
with questions. Questions that only
Bob can answer.
To his chosen apostles, his fishers of wallets.
And what is money?
Merely another tool of the conspiracy.
Except when it gains power
by passing from your pocket to Bob's.
I've got a cash in Bob
and if you have a problem with your cash flow
it's because your cash is not flowing
towards Bob.
This is the first industrial church.
We're not a tax write-off
scam.
We are an
incorporated profit-making foundation.
If there is
such a thing. We're profits and we
want profits.
So you've got to come back to the old
American way, yes?
You've got to come back to quality goods for your dollar.
A righteous purchase.
Now let me ask you some questions. How many of you have been
tithing unto Bob that
which is truly Bob's? Tell me that, children.
How many of you have been giving 10% of your
worth of goods to Bob?
I don't care who you are or where you come from.
If you haven't sent your $20 into Bob
you're going to burn.
Mother Teresa,
I don't care how many people she's helped.
If she hadn't sent her $20 into jail,
Bob Dodge is going to burn in hell.
And Bob offers a guarantee that can't be beaten.
Eternal Salvation.
Or triple your money back.
Bob will protect you.
Bob is protecting the genetic future.
Let him. Let him into your life.
Let Bob protect you. He wants to protect you.
He must protect you.
He has to protect you.
Jehovah One says Bob will protect you if you send a dollar...
.
.
.

.
.


.
. . . . . . . . .
. , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Pr lengths.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Make sure she is approached to Quand


my baby my baby
my baby my baby
my baby my baby
it's not the same thing anymore
there you go
that's another place friends
it's not the same thing anymore
where you can get those
prairie squid
drinks you can actually get prairie squid drinks
yeah they put them in a blender
with protein powder
and just turn them into a really thick
it's kind of like a daiquiri
in texture
but it's not the real prairie squid
it's the flash frozen stuff
nobody does it with a live prairie squid
praise Bob
well dear friends
it's time
for a moment of
melody and melody
yes if you'll turn to page 5 in your program
well
I'm going to lead you in the hymn
which we call
Bob is my story
this is a hymn which is usually performed
in moments of extreme stress
and such I judge this to be
it's very easy
and you can support me on the second verse in the chorus
if you choose
so we'll sing Bob is my story
page 5
I saw a man with a pipe and a grin
all in the new morning light
smiling at me like a madman till he
made me uptight
I told him don't bother me anymore
but he kept on just the same
till I was totally brainwashed
Bob is his name
this is the chorus
he is my story
he is my story
Bob is my song
Bob my amphetamine
all the day long
I won't tear my poster of dogs down
I'll feel no sadness or shame
till I rejoin him in dog style
Bob is his name
he has no lack of his patented slack
he has no lack of his patented slack
and for those of his following four
he is a friend of whoever will send
green back for gold
he's growing stronger and stronger
but he keeps redder than flame
I'll be a pink boy no longer
Bob is his name
Bob is my story
Bob is his is your story friends
and Bob is your fame
Bob is the glands that keep you feeling the way you do
keep your squid juices pumping
as they say
Bob stop that
how many more times do we have to listen
how many more times do we have to hear the worst song ever
this band is terrible tonight
they just wanna fall asleep
yeah the audience is going in every different direction possible
they're sick of them
they're sick of the cafe depresso
yeah they're sick of everything here
they only know three chords
but you're only gonna see them play one
I'm so tired of these guys
this band's bad
it's no surprise
I wish they'd just pack it up and go away
well how many times
do we have to play this same song over and over and over again
well how many times do we have to play these same four notes
over and over again
when I came down to this nightclub
I thought things would be a little bit different
it's just the same old band
in the same stupid shirts
in the same stupid police ahead
you'd think they could do something new after all these years
but they just play that same song
they just play that song all day long
well how many more times do we have to play this same song over and over again
so you just think of us
well it's one chord up one chord down
won't that music get me down
I played in this band for
ten hours or so
I ain't seen my check
where's my check
oh where's my check
well how many times do we have to ask for this same check
over and over again
well how many times do we have to play the worst song in the whole world
over and over and over again
over and over and over and over again
I put knives in the blood
and made one ready for a little of the old out in out in
leave it in when you're finished
yes this is what we do
monks we are monks of Buldada
and though they will not let the grass thrive here
nor the trees
Buldada shall live
because Buldada having never been alive cannot be killed
so in this paradox we find a third
and a pure and simple answer
an answer to the question
of what to do tonight
Friday night
ah yes it's Friday
yes you can start sinning now brother
you can sin from now till Sunday morning
you've got a good 48 hours of solid sinning
in front of you
and by gobs end after it's all over with
you can sit there with a hangover in church
and have it all washed away
washed away in the blood
the blood of the lambs
and the blood of the wolves for that matter
for is not the lamb of Jesus now being eaten by a black wolf
an evil wolf
a wolf of conspiracy
conspiracy my friend
a wolf that would take the good jokes of Jesus
the sublime teachings of Buddha
the
the small business business
the terrible of dogs
and twist them
distort them
for their own aims
yes that's the way it is now
it's true
they try to do all the bad things I've done
we've gotta save the universe at this moment
if we'd have been the single nose we'd have all died
there's no corpse there
and lo, many
elephants and rhinoceros came to destroy their huts and villages
and to step on their albums
and lo, the Lord was angered that they did not give their money
and great panic and broken guitar strings
don't follow anything
Look at it when you take a break from listening.
But for now...
What is a rant?
A rant's a revival.
And a rant is part of a revival as an atom is part of a molecule.
Yes.
It's when the person gets on stage and lets Bob speak through it
and just cuts loose.
It's the living tongue acting on Bob.
Exactly.
It's the undirected energy of Bob spewing forth through the human carcass.
We need a few of the initiates, please, to squat in the dirt
and let us have their chairs.
Will someone help move the bodies of those stunned by the music
back to the back by the beer?
The pile is out front.
No, back. Excuse me.
And for everyone...
We're throwing them in all directions.
Their body is worth approximately $12 and it's falling fast.
Everyone that dies tonight is thrown on a cremation pile.
Every subgenius that is carrying his car gets a cut of that $12.
We need the glands for those experiments.
And we're talking about the...
Foot glands.
The most important one in your body next to you-know-what.
And yet nothing could still the ranting tongues of the high priests of the subgenius.
No lack of material.
No complete embarrassment could stop their ever-flapping,
petulantly vibrating, ranting tongues
from continuously speaking the word of Dobbs.
Even though no one was listening.
Even though their drugs had not kicked in.
Boys.
And the darkness.
Even though their brains had finally completely left them.
Even though their tapes had run out and had to be flipped in order to continue the lessons in...
Just how doctors for Bob...
Orphous...
Not your physician for Robert.
None of that fancy stuff.
Just your straight doctors for Bob.
How they use anti-music to surgically change what was previously in your brain.
Oh, there went some of it.
Thank you.
As the...
We tried to donate at the sperm bank, but they wouldn't let us.
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
There's people here, there's people here, who, you know...
Can't donate to the sperm bank, because they're underweight.
Okay?
That's alright.
Let us just have just a few cells from underneath your skin so we can begin the cloning experiments.
Let us just have a chocolate.
I would like to clone that young lady in the front row, because I know in about 14 years she'd be so cute!
We bring them up behind us.
We're gonna just, you know, think you'd have a companion.
If you're gonna be exposed to radiation, let's go all the way.
You know, if you're gonna do it, then just sit in front of a color TV with your legs widespread watching Mr. T cartoons,
and you can have a boy just like Jayner!
Yeah, that's right.
It's the MRAs!
It's the MRAs!
Jayner's power...
Make the tires fall off your car, I'm sorry, Bob!
Jayner's power is next to the largest industrial waste dump.
It's a Jayner device.
It's a Jayner device.
It's a Jayner device.
Adam hooked up to a Jayner device.
Jayner, the perfect prince of the church, speaks.
Adam plugged into a Jayner device.
Eyebr 105.
That's a beautiful thing to come in of a Jayner device.
Yeah, yeah.
I don't drink with my Karen, but this isn't43total.
I kinda like drinking with my dad.
Well, my mom can try some of his raw
dad comers.

and, you know, if I take a bunch of cans back,
well, they don't like that kind of thing,
and, you know, well, I could probably just pour all the beer out of it,
but, well, that'd probably kill my grass,
and, yeah, I don't want to do that.
I could trade in for the aluminum,
but, yeah, it wouldn't be really worth the price of the gas
driving down to the aluminum recycling plant.
It'd probably be worth, you know,
yeah, that's what it is.
I could take them in for the aluminum, you know,
because if I drank them, well, it'd probably be worth more
if they were just the aluminum.
No recycling plant's going to buy aluminum with beer in it,
so I probably would have to drink it,
and, well, it, you know, helps wash down my food,
and it's probably, you know,
if I, you know, didn't drink any today,
well, five more days from now,
it'd be Sunday, and I might want some
and wouldn't be able to drink any,
so at least I could say, well,
hell, I got blowed off my ass last Monday,
and, you know, well, these pop tops,
well, some little kid could step on them,
or, you know, even though they are still full of beers,
and, well, yeah, they are in my refrigerator,
but, you know, by some twist of the imagination,
this little boy's foot could conceivably,
I'm not saying that it's impossible,
but it could probably come into my refrigerator,
and he could, you know, cut his foot open,
and, well, if he sued me,
or something like that,
the hospital bill would be far greater than this beer,
is it probably even worth it,
if he did step on it,
and, well, as, you know,
so if I would drink it,
and properly take care of the beer cap,
the beer can tops,
and that'd be one less thing,
one less thing on my mind
that I wouldn't have to worry about,
and if I did get drunk,
well, I probably wouldn't have to worry about it anyway,
even though the fact that the beer can,
the can tops might be in, say, a trash can,
along with the beer can,
oh, yeah, but, yeah,
I was going to send him,
take him to the recycling plant,
so I could get the money for him,
and that was another reason,
and, well, you know,
he's, he's, they went to all the trouble
to paint the red, white, and blue Budweiser label on here,
and, well, I'd hate to, you know,
I like to support the arts,
I'm a patron of the arts,
I'd like to, you know, support him.
Did you hear what he was saying?
Did you hear what he was saying?
I don't like that last sound.
The Lord is my shepherd.
No, that won't do.
All right, close your eyes, please,
and repeat this prayer after me,
right out loud.
Ing, ing, ing, ing, ing.
Like this.
Ink.
Ink, ink, ink.
Ang, ang, ang, ang, ang.
Eve meet concrete eel.
What makes us do this?
I don't know.
Oh, he's funny.
He's funny.
I hear it's red and blue.
Give me a box, baby.
I don't know what's going on.
You'll never stop.
Well, I'm still in this song.
It never stops.
Two days later,
it's still going strong.
It never stops.
I don't know what's going on.
It never stops.
Oh, no.
Beings party.
Beings party.
Oh, he never stops.
Never stops.
Never stops.
Never stops.
It never stops.
Beings party.
Beings party.
It never stops.
And then because we are Christians or Americans or something, I don't know just why, we began
to get conscience pains.
And we began to hear people say, well, don't you know, I'm a Christian.

They don't know it's true.


Don't just do something.
Stand there.
No.
We are ready for the TV.
He's got a bra that's about two foot long.
Went to the doctor.
Let her go, Bob.
And I predict that our local American doctors will go on strike and be replaced by African
witch doctors.
Doctors!
Doctors!
Doctors for Bob.
Doctors!
Doctors!
Doctors for Bob.
Doctors!
Doctors for Bob.

Doctors for Bob! Doctors for Bob! Doctors for Bob!
Doctors for Bob! Endocrinologists for Bob!
Farmers for Bob! Gynecologists for Bob!
Kary Krishna's for Bob! Illustrators for Bob!
Jailers for Bob! Kidnappers for Bob! Lawyers for Bob!
Mothers for Bob! Neurologists for Bob!
We kept the pussies alive, they were in good condition. We fed them once a week. I didn't see why they had anything to complain about.
We had the neighbors look in on them while we were gone. We didn't whip them hard. We didn't kill them very hard. I didn't see why they had any reason to sue them.
We didn't cut her legs off hard. We only cut off two of her legs. She didn't really have any reason to sue.
When we ran over her face it was with her.
I mean, it was a Volkswagen. I mean, if we had run over her with a heavy car, I can understand why she had sued for that.
Just for throwing acid pit.
Yeah, Duell only took two livers is what I heard.
And he only took two. He only took three kidneys.
I mean, I don't see how the Subgenius Foundation is responsible.
I mean, if these people want to hypnotize us into cutting their pussies off, we're going to have to do it.
There's only 3.57 pussies alive.
These people want to hypnotize us into cutting their pussies off.

I mean, they're going to cut their brains out with chainsaws.
Beach party, beach party, it never stops.
I'm tired of this nightclub.
This band is so bad.
Why do I have to pay five dollars every night to stay alive?
Well, how many times do we have to play this worst song over and over and over?
Over again.
Over again.
We're a subgenius board with flesh under our brains.
Subgenius Broom Camp.
I'm flavored with our Andrea Marcus.
I'm popular—
With them.
First impression of me.
For me, foods are better than marshmallows.
From America.
Weünkai.


Napolitan stew.

Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Israel Regardie there, friends.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
A digital counter on the wall, Reverend Stang.
Yes, we're coming down.
We've got three minutes left.
Three minutes of slack time, friends.
And I could play some burbling background noise,
or I could play the official sign-off tunes and so forth.
We could just talk for another three minutes.
Easily.
Easily.
We could talk for another three hours, friends.
Or three days, if that's what it takes to get you to write to that sacred post office box.
You've been hearing the learned old scholars of the Church of the Subgenius Society tonight.
That's right.
And learned we are in the dark knowledge and forbidden sciences of time control, slack extraction.
And the arcane secrets of the prairie squid.
Friends, are you going to put up with what the gland owners are laying down on you?
I want you to either stand up or shut up, baby.
Praise Bob.
You've got to hip out to it or die trying not to.
Or just kill me.
And think to yourself, there's no place like home.
There's no place like home.
All right.
We're putting Serge in a psychopath now.
How do we spot him?
Well, if he's wearing a Napoleon hat, it's easy.
Otherwise, they come in all sizes and shapes.
11-year-old girls to 80-year-old men.
Yeah, they all look perfectly normal.
I keep telling y'all, this is a sick and perverted nation.
All the time.
And nobody wants to listen to me.
Nobody wants to hear about Bob.
Nobody.
I try to tell everybody what's going on, but they won't listen to me.
Well, to tell you the truth, I can't stand it anymore.
I don't know why you believe me.


Hi, everybody.
I'm Andy Oakley, and you're right on target for another session of the Gun Show.
It's the election year game that lets legislators from all over America say good things about guns
as they try to get votes and score a bullseye with our sharpshooting panel.
And who's tonight's first target?
Our first target tonight, Andy, is a state senator from Rockhead, New Hampshire.
Let's have a salve of applause for Harry Bolt.
Thank you.
Thank you.



My fellow voters, nobody in this country admires firearms more than I do.
Every American ought to have four or five.
I've got a 12-gauge in the living room, a .238 in the den, .30-30 in my car,
and as you can see, I'm carrying a 4.2-inch mortar.
Now, put your hands up and don't try any funny business.
Whoopee! Hey, we got a great reaction from our panel on that one.
And who's our next contestant?
Andy, our next target, from Milmoss, New Mexico,
a congressman who's also a minister of the First Church of Self-Defense.
Let's welcome Morris Mackley.
Mackley! Fire away, Reverend Mackley.
Thank you. I'd like to show you all a beautiful full-color picture of our Lord
wearing a .357 Magnum and a hand-tooled holster.
And remember, guns are a gift from God.
Bullseye, Reverend Mackley. You're going to be tough to beat this election year.
And let's get to our final contestant on the firing line.
From San Francisco, California, let's hear it for Congressman Willard Wendt.
Welcome, Willard, and what good things can you say about guns?
Well, I don't own a gun.
And I don't particularly like people who do own them.
Whoa.
Willard, that's our warning buzzer.
You've got just ten seconds more to say something good about guns.
And remember, our panelists are all crack shots.
Well, I guess guns are all right in their place.
I'm not sure that's enough, Willard. You've got just five seconds more.
I think we ought to register firearms.
Whoa!
Hey, everybody's talking.
That's some great shooting, panel.
And that's all we have time for on the Gun Show.
The Gun Show's been brought to you by Bang! Bothered Americans Needing Guns.
I'm your host, Andy Oakley.
We'll be back right before the Illinois primary.
And in the meantime, remember, a gun is like a good friend.
Treat it right, and it won't kill you.
Five dollars and bright...
We're in?
...good shepherd prayer partner and your personal friend.
In the next 13 or 14 minutes, something good, good, good is coming your way.
So don't leave this radio...
...radio station. Let's have a good time together.
He's all I need.
He's all I need.
Ah, yeah.
Thank God I'm a man.
Remember, that's Bob at Box 140306, Dallas, Texas.
877-521-5...
You, 10 five, 2, 1, 4.
everybody together
두,축 Tut all of a sudden
Now!
Yeah!
So stay tuned.
Don't forget to write Bobby for that free information.
Box 1403 of 6 Dallas, Texas.
Let her go, Bob.
I told you, I want to see Dr. Bold.
I read Gypsy Doctor.
Oh, wait a minute.
Is that Dr. Repeat?
I read Gypsy Doctor.
I can't remember.
Dr. Stang, are you, in fact, a doctor for Bob?
I'm a healer.
I'm a surgeon.
I've got knives, scalpels, gas, pills, anesthetics, and musical instruments.
I don't know how to play.
I am a doctor.
A doctor for Bob?
We bring him back to life, and then we kill him again.
I went and seen myself a doctor, and he gave me a great big bottle.
Don't take him, Bill.
Kill him.
Throw the poison pills away, pile.
It's probably time for a little stimulation there, cadet.
So why not get up and move a little?
Comedy is comedy, but some rhythm tossed in can do anything but help.
Let her go, Bob.
Whoa.
Whoa.
They said the thing is a headache.
Bigger the pill, baby.
Call me the big pill.
We're here to meet Dr. Salute, Jan, from the sub-metro of Chicago.
And I'd like to know, St. Sulak of the Hog Butchers of the West, are you a doctor for Bob?
I am.
This is the beginning of a new life for me.
As a saint of the Hog Butchers of the West, as a new man, I'm free.
I'm free.
Yes, but are you a doctor for Bob?
That's proven.
The fact that I'm a doctor for Bob proves that I'm free.
Only if I'm a doctor for Bob.



Only a doctor for Bob can be free.
Dr. Salute.
And I'm a doctor for Bob.
Dr. Salute.
I do what I do because Bob told me to.
I don't need charges of brainwashing.
I do what I do because Bob told me to.
You do what you do because you want to.
We don't use such techniques as brainwashing.
I do what I do because Bob told me to.
I use brain surgery in order to assure loyalty.
I do what I do because Bob told me to.
I'm a doctor for Bob.

I was sold to my feet to the Tippecanoe here.
I am a doctor for Bob.
And let me say that prior to this moment, I had the least ability to understand the doctor for Bob of any subgenius in the church.
But tonight, with our heart's elimination experiment being such a success,
I truly feel that I am for the first time a true doctor for Bob.
But Bobby's bigger than I.
Uh-oh, I think he's caught it.
Doctor, give him something for his cough.
All right, all right.
Here's a quarter.
Oh, that's not much.
Not much of a cough.
Well, thanks, Douglas.
I'll take over.
It's all right, dear.
You'll be yourself again in a minute.
I'm...
I'm so sorry, everybody.
Now, you just drink this.
I need my doctor for my...
I don't feel well.
What's the matter with you?
Oh, I don't know.
I was the doctor, and he told me what to do,
but I didn't do it.
He said to take one pill three times a day,
but you can't do that.
I think I'd rather die than do that.
Man, it's a gas.
I figure, you know,
some of those roaches they put out in grass,
and a glass of acid will put you on the moon in an hour.
But reality, that's where it's happening.
What?
What's the use of pretending?
I can't stand this anymore.
Chandler said you went over to Georgia Street to see that doctor.
Yeah, that's right, Ed.
Short visit.
Poor guy.
Pretty bad, huh?
Well, the guy's really a mess.
The beatnik walked up to the epileptic and said,
Oh, I don't hear the music, but go, baby, go!
Here's $5 million.
Bob's Beach Party.
$1?
Is that $1?
$1?


All right.
Bob's Beach Party.
Sub-Genius Beach Party.
Sub-Genius Beach Party.
Sub-Genius Beach Party.
Great combination, isn't it, Jim?
What's that?
Armful of narcotics and a loaded gun?
Let her go, Bob.
Boy, did we get high.
Yes, sirree.
We sure got relaxed.
Hey, Bob.

A physician must determine if tendon repairs are needed.
Here it is.
Elixir.
Elixir.
Elixir.
Elixir.
Elixir.
Elixir.
Elixir.
Elixir.
Elixir.
Elixir.
Elixir.
Elixir.
Elixir.
Elixir.
Elixir.




But if the chief ever caught me taking these pills,
he'd snap my head off.
Here, try one of mine.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
The chief himself's been on these for a week and he's a changed-
Our favorite area for clairvoyance has always been in the field of science and medicine.
What's your trouble, young man?
The Venusian gook rod, doctor.
Now sit here, young man. My time is valuable.
Doctor, this is a medical emergency.
I hope you like that nonsense.
I try to make the audience a part of the entertainment, and they go along with it all just great.
That chatter with the doctor is no phony bit, really. It's just the way it happens.
You'll have to make it in one night when you're down Florida way.
All right, nurse. Bring the next patient in.
Get up on this table.
Pull off that gown.
Raise up that right leg, let that left one down.
Pull off them stockings, that silk underwear.
The doctor's got to cut you.
Mama, God knows when.
Internal, inner, non-existent, void particles.
You can send negro-influenced voice waves, tap-shoe disc patterns.
You can send us cow vomit, tooth-broken, 11-gated, elongated, creation-oriented,
spear gum, restaurant scars.
You can send us...
Don't look at me that way, Douglas.
You're mad.
Don't be frightened, Douglas.
Imagine seeing what service you require.
Give me down the road!
Give me down the road!
