Good afternoon, Hal. How's everything going?
I ain't saying nothing.
Yeah.
Hello, Hal. Do you read me?
Yeah.
Do you read me, Hal?
Yeah.
Sure.
Now, you're fired along with all the rest of us.
I don't care about the others.
You're at 1-3. They're all 1-3.
Oh, please.
I didn't know what I was doing. I must have been crazy.
And I deserve anything that's coming to me.
The Self-Genius Hour of Slack.
I'm afraid I can't do that.
Guess what you think you're doing.
Now, what am I doing here?
Has this thing started?
This episode of the Hour of Slack, number 1545.
58 is entirely composed of my rant at the Starwood Festival of 2015.
Yeah, it's just me talking for an hour.
Don't say I didn't warn you.
But, see, the Starwood Festival is about the only place where I'm allowed to talk for an hour straight
without being interrupted by insane bulldada.
In fact, Starwood is about the only place where a lot of stuff happens.
And you'd have to see it to believe it.
And I can't show you.
So, on with the pre-recorded.
Show.
Praise Bob!
But we don't have to.
Is this thing running?
Is this thing on?
Is this thing on?
No, I'm totally deaf.
I'm just guessing what you're saying now.
Cool.
Yeah, good guess, huh?
No, that's fine.
Now, what am I doing here?
Has this thing started?
I guess it has.
I guess this is the subgenius revival.
Praise Bob!
Close enough.
Great weather, isn't it?
Yesterday, or the day before, I was talking to a nice young hippie girl that I don't know.
She said, when's your show?
And I said, Saturday afternoon.
But the weather cartoons on the internet say it's going to be thunder.
Thunder and lightning all day.
And she said, don't say that.
You'll make it happen.
Well, I'm a magic denier.
But, so I said, all right.
Well, if it doesn't rain, I'll take credit for it.
So, the reason we have such great weather today is because I asked J.R. Bob Dobbs to make the weather good.
Not that he actually has that power.
It's just that whatever he wants to do, he does.
And if he wants to happen, it happens to be what's going to happen anyway.
So, presumably, he must have felt like good weather.
Now, let me see if I can figure out.
I'm as clueless as anybody else.
So, I have to use the Starwood Tour Guide to orient myself.
And according to this, what we're doing here is the pulling of the wool in the Church of the Subgenius.
Let us rejoice in the word of Bob.
Or tremble in terror!
Or at his mighty vengeance.
Which will it be?
That depends on if you can appreciate the slack you already have.
Whether you know you have it or not.
What form does slack take in your life?
What takes away your slack?
You probably already know the answers.
But Reverend Stange's preaching will muddy the waters until your own confusion has washed you free of false slack.
Or at least provide you with a chance to do so.

You might have a grim mordant chuckle or two.
Praise Bob!
Or freak out trying not to.
Well, that's a good ad copy, I guess.
I recognize most of the faces here.
But I know that some people have no idea what this Church of the Subgenius thing is.
Presumably, you've seen old pipe face here and there.
Tattooed on hipsters or branded on the backs of criminals and such.
But that's not true.
And I'll...
Okay, I think the ad made some description.
But basically, back in 1953, the saint of sales, that square looking guy with the pipe, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
He was already the greatest salesman in the world.
But on the day of his immaculation, Jehovah One, the alien space god from some corporate sin galaxy,
reached down and yanked Bob up by the scruff of his neck.
And he was a little bit of a jack tie.
And told him that there was a...
Had throughout history been a conspiracy that didn't even know it was a conspiracy.
It was a conspiracy of normal, plain ordinary normal people.
Instinctively robbing away the slack of the weirdos, the abnormals, anybody different.
And so Bob was commissioned to found his Church of the Subgenius.
Not upon a rock.
But upon a $20 bill.

Which has since gone up to $35.
He teaches us how to obtain slack despite the conspiracy of the normal people.
Who will all die on X day, that great day.
Which apparently is going to be next year and not last week.
A friend of ours told me a line that he came up with that kind of explains the Church of the Subgenius.
The difference between it and all of our rival cults.
He said, said Reverend Quasar,
I belong to a brainwashing joke.
Because it's the funniest cult I've ever heard.
Isn't that sweet?
And while I'm at it, I should mention there's another new line.
That I found on Facebook from Nunslow.
He said, a pipe is like a pie with more pee in it.
Appetizing, isn't it?
So, oh, oh, there are two things I have to do to make this an official Subgenius thing.
Besides get everybody yelling.
This is the most expensive part of our shows.
Oh good, I have, this is a dollar bill.
And what I'm about to do is very slightly illegal.
But we have to do it anyway.
Because as long as the men from Planet X, those aliens up there who are doing Jehovah One's bidding.
As long as they can smell the smoke from this burning U.S. dollar bill.
They know there's something down here worth saving.
Which might be the other two thirds of this dollar bill.
Normally I let it go all the way.
But the fact that it's still spendable proves there's really something down here on Earth worth saving.
Because even the aliens can spend that dollar.
As L. Ron Hubbard told J.R. Bob Dobbs, they may be pink, but their money is green.
And when we say pink, we don't mean white people.
It's an attitude.
An attitude that's the normal attitude.
The fear of the unknown or the different and so forth.
Oh, the other thing I have to do.
Thanks, Jeff.
Jeff Rosenbaum, one of the main founders of Starwood.
None of us would be standing here doing this if not for him.
He sure had lots of help.
He wasn't really exactly the only founder.
But he put more everything into it than just about anybody.
And thanks again, Jeff.
Praise Jeff!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Praise Jeff!
Yeah!
Now, although I'm looking at these pieces of paper every now and then,
I actually decided to do this one without a script.
Of course, I couldn't help but make some kind of notes.
And the reason is when you force yourself to just kind of wing it,
it challenges your little tiny half a brain cell.
That's what I'm working with anyway.
And kind of helps keep it going.
And for that matter, just having a festival at a remote campground
in the middle of Ohio's outback challenges your little one brain cell.
It takes you out of your comfort zone just camping, you know.
I mean, unless you're generally homeless all the time.
It's kind of a different...
You thrust yourself into a different situation.
It might be really uncomfortable at times.
We've had starwoods where it rained every day.
But all that did was drive strangers together in the shelter of tents.
And then nine months later, there's more little pagans running around.
And ten months later, more little subgeniuses
because they take longer to gestate.
I think because they're so damn lazy.
But we like being out of the comfort zone
because that kind of puts you into...
the zone.
You know, you're...
Well, that's what some of us call slack.
The conspiracy...
The marketing and advertising conspiracy
would certainly want you to think that slack is,
oh, buying the right clothes, or wearing the right makeup,
or drinking the right beer, or your team is just one, and so forth.
But some of us know that, no, slack is different.
I mean, for some people, slack is birdwatching.
For me, slack is playing this little, among many other things,
playing a silly video game called Monster Hunter.
By the way, are there any other Monster Hunters here?
Didn't think so.
It's big in Japan.
Oh, well.
So we'd love...
I mean, for some people, slack is working.
If you're lucky enough to work at what you like.
Gosh, I could say something about prostitutes,
but it would be in terrible taste.
Don't worry, I've got more bad taste coming up.
The bottom line is, when you really challenge yourself,
and you got your brain kind of working at top gear,
partly, it may in some cases just be to find a way to get out of the rain,
you realize that Rush Limbaugh's wrong.
You can't make the complex simple.
Because, goddammit, the complex is complex!
Some of us like it that way!
Some of us find that a bit of a challenge too.
But yet, making the complex simple certainly is what sells.
And if you doubt that, just look at any political ads,
especially with the presidential elections coming up,
or any religions advertising or recruitment.
What...
Everybody wants to hear what Rush Limbaugh says.
And that's what they most want to hear.
And there's always somebody out there gonna tell you what you're dying to hear!
And if I don't do it, get on the internet and find somebody else telling you what you most want to hear.
Now, I have a funny job here at Starwood.
I'm like the mascot skeptic.
I'm the magic denier.
I'm as big of a bring-down as those climate change deniers.
And so forth, you know?
It's not that I have anything against it,
it's just that it has never exactly worked for me,
although I still...
I guess I still see magic happening all the time.
Sometimes I have wonderful explanations that come from science books for things.
I honestly don't believe that talking about the rain causes it to rain.
No.
And I noticed...
Oh, and this is another thing I always like to do at Starwood.
I haven't done it in a couple of years.
Is go through my favorite titles of workshops.
And I don't even know what some of them are about, but I did read about some.
There was one called,
Is it Karma? Really?
Well, I'm not sure what that one was about, but I find myself saying that all the time.
Really? Karma?
You expected things to be fair?
A justice in nature?
Really?
On the other hand, there's a juxtaposition.
Why did these get programmed at the same time?
Phil Farber on cannabis magic,
and Harvey Wasserman on stop the drug war.
They're both at the same time.
You need cannabis magic to stop the drug war.
Those should have been the same.
But then the next, at the same time, there was one called Getting Odd,
which I presume is the opposite of getting even.
But some of us started out odd.
And yeah, we didn't have to get that way.
Audience with the war goddess.
Now, see, that one scared me away.
I figured the war goddess would kick my ass.
Beginning devil stick.
I don't know.
I don't know what that is, but it sounds sexy.
This is your brain on music.
Well, that's good.
These are my ears on too much music, and this one doesn't work at all.
Starwood frippery.
Well, that's what it all is, isn't it?
And finally, playing with your auric self,
which also sounds kind of naughty.
But it reminds me of something.
I've got a buddy down the road, Reverend Tater Gumphreys.
He can do aura piercing.
If you want to be really cool, go to Tater and get your aura pierced.
He'll also do tattoos, but I don't think they're permanent on the aura
because your auras are always changing.
Oh, the one labeled Werewolves of Wisteria?
Just a game.
Damn.
I was so hoping.
So anyway, there's that.
Now, I was going to do a workshop that my wife talked me out of doing.
But I'm just going to give you the title
because everything about the title was basically offensive to somebody.
And that's what we were looking for.
And this title, which doesn't appear in here,
because she's the nice one.
Astrology and Autism.
Now, how come nobody's throwing rocks at me?
There ought to be at least an astrologer and a vaxxer throwing rocks at me.
I'm not doing my job.
Two totally unrelated hot button topics.
How about abortion and autism?
Whoa, that's even better.
Obviously, in Church of the Subgenius, we have plenty of friends who are autistic.
I'm not making fun of autistic people.
However, I might make fun of some of their parents sometimes.
No, no problem.
I'm one of those people, friends,
I started out as more of a believer
because my original interests were, number one, monsters.
This is starting from the very beginning.
Well, no, actually, number one would probably be,
titties.
But, obviously, you know, if you're really starting at the beginning.
But then, you know, a little boy likes monsters.
And from there you go, oh, well, science fiction, monster movies,
that's where I can find monsters.
Then you go, well, the small town Texas library
doesn't really carry that many sci-fi and horror books,
but look at all these religion books.
They're full of monsters.
The Greek ones have Cyclopses,
and the other religion books have dragons.
The Bible has cool monsters in it.
Ten-headed chocolate triceratopses rising from the ocean
with the horror Babylon sitting on them.
Cool stuff like that.
Well, at one point, as a kid, you start putting it away.
Boy, they sure believe some silly myths there in ancient Egypt.
Wait a minute.
What if Noah's Ark was just like those silly stories from ancient Greek
and the ancient Romans?
Oh, no.
So then you get interested in paranormal.
It's like, well, all those organized religions,
they seem to cause more trouble than they're worth over the years.
But if there's anything to this,
you know, ESP, UFOs, any of that stuff,
it's the most important stuff in the world.
So I really got into that for a long time.
And you can tell in the subgenius books,
we weren't just, we weren't ripping off just anybody.
We ripped off the best.
The Church of the Subgenius is a Frankenstein's monster
pieced together from parts of the best dead religions
and a few live ones that we had to kill in order to skin them.
But then what my studies in paranormal eventually culminated in was
I met a lot of really interesting people.
And I got interested, invited to Starwood.
So right on.
But then I got off into, okay, I'd give up on magic
and even UFOs and everything.
They keep letting us down year after year.
So I got into science and history.
And slack.
And the history and the science were weirder,
far weirder and more scary and outrageous
than anything I'd read in fiction or even seen in movies.
And the slack finally came completely independent of any of those things.
The slack actually, I think, came when I got married to the right girl.
Yeah, sweet, isn't it?
But it's true.
And now I find myself in a situation where I can't,
I used to thrive on hate.
I was a hateful, angry young man.
And now I ain't got hate one.
All I can rant about is slack.
And it's my slack.
You're not interested in my slack.
You've got your own slack.
I could stand here and talk about how much fun I have playing Monster Hunter.
But, so therefore, I have to, when I have to do a hate rant,
these days I have to read old books.
I have to read old stuff.
Or use the fine written materials from up and coming younger subgenius preachers
who are still bubbling with that all power of hate.
But, I would like to share one aspect of my slack with you.
And Regis, this is when we need the microphone down in the audience.
Is the microphone in the audience?
Princess Wee has the microphone.
Friends, you are going to be the lucky ones.
Lucky witnesses to something that also happened last week here at X Day.
Princess Wee and I happen to be married.
I run subgenius.
She's one of the co-directors of Starwood.
The horrible church of the subgenius is permanently married to sweetness and light Starwood now.
And we brought my mother-in-law, the queen mom, also known as Wee Mama.
And Grandma Bob and she and Princess Wee are going to do a duet or two for you.
And you'll see what I mean by a different form of slack that you weren't expecting.
So take it away, Wee Mamas and Wee Ma.
Okay, I guess we'll take it away.
Cats on the rooftops, cats on the tiles.
Cats with syphilis, cats with a tail.


Cats with their assholes, breathing with a smut.
As they revel in the joys of fornication.
The old hippopotamus, so it seems, very, very seldom has wet dreams.
But when he does, he comes in streams.
As he revels in the joys of fornication.
The elephant is a funny bloke.
And very, very seldom gets a poke.
So when he does, he licks his soap.
As he revels in the joys of fornication.
The ostrich has a funny dick.
And it isn't very often that he dips his wick.
So when he does, he dips his wick.
As he revels in the joys of fornication.
Persecutous girls live under a strain.
Waiting for their monthly pay.
And when it comes, they smile.
As they revel in the joys of fornication.
But we revel in the morning with an upright stand.
It's urinary pressure on the prostate gland.
And you haven't got a woman, so you jerk it off by hand.
As you revel in the joys of fornication.
The grass-traveled parish has very little fun.
He doesn't even know how it's done.
But when he's too fun, he gets none.
And you end.
As he revels in the joys of fornication.
The cocksucker blows his friend in the face.
Then he licks it up so it won't go to waste.
Don't you think it's odd? It's a matter of taste.
As he revels in the joys of fornication.
Perhaps, cried the captain, as he thought.
These new ensigns are not so hot.
And the admiral takes the best of the lot.
As he revels in the joys of fornication.
When you wake up in the morning with your belly full of joy.
And your wife's on her vacation.
And your daughter's being caught.
So you'll point in the asshole of your young'ness' foot.
As you revel in the joys of fornication.
Do you ken John Peel?
Yes, I ken him, weel.
He sleeps with his wife, but he never gets a feel.
He sleeps by her side, but he never gets a feel.
He never gets a ride, as he wakes up in the morning in frustration.
That's one, we've got two more, if you want to hear them.
Oh yeah, yeah, do the Aspie song.
Which one? Oh, that's the last one, okay.
Do either one, do both.
Who paid the rent for Mrs. Rip and Rico when Rip and Rico was away?
He was gone for twenty years.
Who was enjoyed up all her tears?
There was no one in the place, no one there to embrace.
But the milkman always loved her with a smile on his face.
Oh, who paid the rent for Mrs. Rip and Rico when Rip and Rico was away?
And there was a little bird.
No bigger than a turtle.
And there was a little bird sitting on a telegraph pole.
He scratched out his neck, and he shit about a peck.
As he puckered up his little asshole.
Asshole, asshole, asshole, asshole.
As he puckered up his little asshole.
And last of all,
Razzby, oh Razzby.
If the heavens were to tell you,
That the hair on your head,
Is a bright curly red,
Then what color would the hair,
On your razzby?
Say hello to your new earworms, friends.
I've had that one running through my head since you guys were rehearsing it earlier.
Hard to get out.
Yes friends, the subgeniuses come in all shapes and sizes.
Louise Lefcourt there has been coming to Starwoods for years.
She, the first time we had Paul Krasner here, she went,
Oh, I used to read his magazine, I want to go.
And she's come back almost every time she could.
She's the only ACE Associates parent to ever attend Starwood.
That's right.
So, praise Louise.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Next we'll have to bring my dad out here.
You thought, I thought my jokes were bad.
Here's one more final quote.
That fits in the subject matter there.
The immature, vulgar subject matter.
Dr. Katahdin Lagume said,
Slack is like fucking.
The more you put in,
the more you pull out.
Well, well, well.
Hmm.
Okay.
You know, this is my 23rd Starwood, I think.
I started in 1990.
I missed a few.
I've also been to Burning Man, X Day, the Devo, the Devotionals,
which are Devo conventions.
But Starwood has more love.
More wonderful hippie love stuff.
And it even gets to me, even though I'm a cranky old skeptic.
But why not both?
And that's my new philosophy.
It's partly inspired by a former frequent guest of Starwood,
Pope Robert Anton Wilson.
Praise Pope Bob.
And he got to where he had kind of boiled his philosophy down
to something called maybe logic,
which was summed up in the phrase,
maybe, if everybody said maybe more often,
the world might be a nicer place.
And I have decided that he was right about that.
And I decided to take it even further.
Besides, you know, maybe I should do this, maybe I should do that.
Why not both?
In some cases,
Dr. Timothy Leary used to speak,
at Starwood, a lot.
And one of his themes was,
choose your major.
Decide what you're going to do.
Kids in China don't get to.
Their job is picked for them,
you know, practically when they're born.
Back then, that was true.
There's always this false dichotomy.
Now, do you want to be a big fish in a little pond,
or a little fish in a big pond?
Why does it have to be a big fish in a small pond,
or a small fish in a big pond?
What about a medium fish in a medium pond?
Or a medium fish in a small pond?
Or a small fish in a small pond?
Or a small fish in a medium pond?
Or a medium fish in a large pond?
Or a large fish in a large pond?
Choose your major.
They will constantly,
it's just a linguistic thing, apparently,
everything gets presented in this either-or fashion.
You know, you can either have the vinaigrette dressing
or the French dressing.
Why not both?
It may turn your stomach,
but there are some of us who like to mix our dressings.
So we run into this hard-headed philosophy
among non-subgeniuses a lot.
Just so you know,
we're making fun of the people who can't tell
that we're making fun of anything at all,
which makes us a lot of enemies.
We're making fun of anybody,
anybody ignorant, humorless, gullible,
and insecure enough to take us seriously,
pro or con.
So friends, if you take this at face value,
you've kind of just flunked common sense 101.
But we have to try to be patient,
or do we?
Why not both?
With the pinks, let's just call them,
and the reds, let's just call them.
I hate to generalize and stereotype.
Every human is different.
Well, no, they aren't. That's the problem.
Every subgenius is different.
Now remember what I said about telling people
just what they most want to hear.
But it does help.
It helps to go ahead and look down on somebody
because of their race.
If it's the human race you're talking about.
And I've noticed that in the,
the times they've been a-changing, some,
not as much as some people would think.
And I've noticed, especially on television,
the internet, and the media,
among the pinks, anger is the new slack.
They are really into being outraged
at damn Obabo or those, those, those queers
or those feminists in gaming
or that, those Confederate flag haters.
It's, it seems, you know, we had a,
there was a lot of promise in the internet.
Anyone can learn anything, anywhere.
Well, if they, they can also,
anyone can get the most ridiculous, horrible information validated.
If you wanted to believe some idiotic thing,
all you gotta do is Google it.
You'll find a hundred thousand other people that also think,
oh, I don't know, women are bullies.
I mean, the internet has emboldened the insane,
the jealous, the vindictive, the dumb asses
to think that it is once again cool
to be an ignorant, sexist, racist, homophobic,
self-righteous, and generally hateful,
loudmouth because they're anonymous.
They're on the internet.
And, and they just, and they're mad.
They're so angry because things just didn't go the way they wanted.
And I've gotten tired of being patient with them
and decided to just, like,
Gamergate, where these tough guys decided,
oh no, some women dared to write articles about video games
and said maybe it might be okay to have non-violent video games.
Oh no, they're gonna take away our Grand Theft Auto.
Why not both?
The troubles in Ferguson and Charleston and Cleveland,
for that matter, and all this ridiculous nonsense
over the Confederate flag.
I have a bad habit, friends.
I'm gonna confess.
I'm a junkie, a news junkie.
But worse than that,
I'm a news comments junkie.
I read, sometimes I, if, if, if it's,
if the article has the word climate in it,
or Michelle Obama,
or Hillary, or whatever, flag,
anything scientific,
you can just skip through straight to the comments.
It's like, hilarious.
It's like Mad Magazine.
It doesn't say much for our educational system anymore.
But I'm starting to,
get to where I,
I can't get enough of watching these poor,
picked on, white Christian male jocks
and tough manly rednecks
feeling oppressed.
Because people started telling them they were wrong.
Boo hoo.
That limp-wristed, sissy, gay, liberal college professor
is picking on me.
And, uh,
they're showing fear.
That's what happened in, uh, in Charleston.
They, they, they get on the internet
and look at a website that is so utterly biased,
but it's just what they wanted to believe.
Because it makes them feel,
well, it's somebody else's fault that I'm an unemployed,
ignorant, uneducated,
uh, unemployable,
mentally ill, religious nut
sitting in a trailer court on welfare,
whining about all the things that I do.
And I'm not going to put all those city people on welfare.
And they, they feel cornered,
as well they should.
I hope they are cornered.
And I keep hearing this phrase over and over again.
America has been destroyed.
It's not Obama is destroying America,
or those queers are destroying America,
or whatever.
It's always America has already been destroyed.
They destroyed America.
They just took all of our rights away.
It might as well be 1984.
Well, god damn, if it was 1984,
you wouldn't be able to reference George Orwell's 1984.
You wouldn't even know what it was.
And, I don't know, I go, uh, outside of,
or out of my computer,
out of my house, and go over to the supermarket,
and I look around, and,
as far as I can tell, America's still there.
In fact, I live in a, in a, a really nice,
nice neighborhood.
It's a middle class neighborhood,
and it's a mixed neighborhood.
Cleveland Heights, Ohio.
Strangely enough, everybody gets along.
There's, uh, a lot of, uh, black Christians
who are pretty liberal, but they probably don't like
the gay marriage thing.
But they are very hardworking,
and their yards are usually better than mine,
a lot better.
I don't like to generalize about anybody.
There's, uh, all kinds of other weird religious cults,
Hasidic Jews, who have a big presence.
A lot of artists and weirdos,
a lot of gay couples.
It's an interesting, it's almost like some place in New York,
but if anything, more, more integrated.
I'm sorry, but everybody gets along just fine.
I haven't seen America destroyed yet,
except on the back of pickup trucks,
where they spell, America has been destroyed,
and they spell destroyed with an M.
It's got an I in it.
So, yeah, some parts of America have certainly been destroyed.
I'm, as a subgenius and a weirdo,
I actually have gotten to where I enjoy being in the minority.
I get the creeps when I, uh, well, I never,
this never happens anymore.
I used to have to go with my former relatives
and hang out at the North Dallas Country Club.
I felt like a vampire in church there.
I've been, I've spent, by, partly by choice and partly by luck,
I've spent a lot of time being the only white guy in the room
or the neighborhood or the trailer court or the town.
Spent a lot of time being the only non-Jewish guy in the room,
the only straight guy in the room,
the only subgenius atheist skeptic in the room.
And I, I love it. It's great.
I get exposed to new stuff.
No one has ever beat me up except my fellow wasps.
And that was for having long hair.
Can you believe that?
In the 1970s, my buddy and I, in high school,
just after high school, we went to a park to drink our wine,
our underage wine.
And these two big football player looking jocks walked up,
and this was at night in the dark,
and started making small talk and we offered them some wine.
And suddenly I was on the ground being kicked.
And I was like,
what, what, what, why are you doing this?
And they go, and I quote,
because we're rednecks, you hippie.
So I guess they were doing their job and I was doing my job.
But that was 40 something years ago.
You'd think they'd have learned by now,
but apparently they haven't.
So, so I'm glad to be at a place like Starwood
where you get a little bit of everybody,
all, nobody's butt hurt because some, you know,
well actually, I like to think there's a certain contingent of pagans,
let's call them the Fundy pagans.
They don't like the Church of the Subgenius
because we poke fun at and trivialize serious issues.
And it's true, we do.
That's not all we do.
We actually have a pretty nice support group.
If you get into the church, you get a little bit of support.
It's a social circle.
I never expected that to happen,
but it's a pretty strong one.
Anyway, why not both?
That's my new philosophy on just about everything.
Bob used to say, he's got a lot of great sayings,
too much is always better than not enough.
Why not both?
Now wait, that may not make much sense.
But remember eight years ago
when Obama ran for president, his slogan was,
Yes, we can!
You know, that was, how optimistic can you get?
It's only three words.
Yes, we can!
Can we overcome poverty?
Yes, we can!
Can we stay out of foreign wars?
Yes, we can!
Well, turns out some of these things are trickier than,
but it sounded good.
Now, now we've got the clown car.
Now, I've got a lot of,
if I was going to hold it against somebody
because they were conservative,
I wouldn't have much family
and I'd lose a lot of good friends.
But sometimes I think maybe their slogan is,
No, you can't!
So we have on the one hand,
Yes, we can!
No, you can't!
Yes, we can!
No, you can't!
Why not both?
Why not both?
If, okay, yes, we can!


We can marry our same-sex partner or whatever.
And you can't.
If you don't want to, then you can't.
If we want the choice of having an abortion,
yes, we can.
If you don't want that choice, then good.
No, you can't.
But you can, you know, live and let live.
Jesus.
Or Bob.
Whatever.
Hey, River's Day, I've got a funny joke for you.
From now on, instead of saying God damn it,
say Bob damn it!
Oh, I've got another one.
Bob spelled backwards is still Bob!
You can use that one for free.
Third one.
Let's make a Bob tarot card set.
Okay, now you know which ones not to suggest to me
because they've all been done.
Now, we've only got,
I wanted to do a question and answer thing.
Okay.
And I will.
But first, it seems, I haven't done a short-duration
mass marriage in a long time.
Now, I know that some of y'all, probably kind of horny,
came to the hippie festival and there's,
they talk big, they talk big licentious talk now,
don't they?
But it's been a long time since I've had to step over
fornicating couples in the dark.
Although I hope to.
Later on.
You just, used to just stumble over them.
The advent of cell phones with cameras,
I think it kind of cramped the style.
And that's understandable.
But, on the other hand, some of you met somebody
and you're, or some little small animal maybe,
I don't know, that you're kind of, you know,
mutually attracted, but you got a few hang-ups.
You know, you grew up in, I don't know, any church,
and you're supposed to be married,
and you're not supposed to just fornicate like in that song.
There's all kinds of stuff you're supposed to not do.
But, if you're married, it's okay.
I'm a preacher.
Let's all get married!
Then there's no stigma attached, okay?
So, dearly beloveds, for years, jealous associates,
enemies.
I'm not going to stand any hidden cameras.
Do you, insert name here, swear to tell the truth,
the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, say yes!
And let us decide that this period of sanctified coupling
shall last, well, the bonfire's tonight.
Probably everybody's going to be heading out by tomorrow.
So, 24 hours, sounds good.
This will be a standard 24-hour subgenius short-duration mass marriage.
If Reverend Sun Young Moon can do it, we can too.
Although, those usually didn't work out real well.
Dearly beloveds, we are gathered here today in the presence of J.R. Bob Dobbs,
whatever form he may choose to take.
It is often a role of duct tape, by the way.
And, insert other deity names here,
and that list could go on quite a long ways in this campground.
We'll even allow the flying spaghetti monster.
That's big of us, isn't it?
Okay.
In the meantime,
we're going to be in the presence of all these invisible monsters
to join these men and these women,
and possibly their pets, wallets, car keys, and so forth,
in a temporary, but no less virtuous, bondage of holy matrimony,
for better or for worse, but praise Bob, not for long!
Do you feel the spirit?
Everybody say, praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Now, put your hands on each other.
This is embarrassing.
Oberon's practiced at that.
I know.
He's the master.
I don't need to preach to Oberon Gazelle.
Okay.
Now, this is a bond of sub-holy wedlock,
so no matter what physical position these beloveds may take,
in the next 24 hours,
their moral standing shall remain upright!
And if there are any jealous losers here who feel these men, women, and men,
and women, and women, and car keys, and so forth,
should not be joined temporarily, even for 24 hours,
shut up!
Put your hands on each other, hold tight,
do you, insert name here,
take this other entity, or all these other entities, insert names here,
to be your lawfully wedded spouse, in short duration sub-genius matrimony,
to have, and to hold, in fact, to do just about anything you can think of,
with, for richer or poorer, in sickness and in kinkiness,
through any hardship or disaster, blah, blah, blah,
the next 24 hours, for whatever sick and twisted,
but no less blessed reasons, say, I do!
I do!
Now shake on it and say, it's a deal!
It's a deal!
Now see, some of these smarty pants pretend that I don't mean handshake, okay?
Oh, and if you don't have a ring, there's always the sacred temple of Devo,
where you make a circle here, and a finger here,
and, uh, it's a, we take this ring as a symbol of the holy estate of marriage,
and the shackles, the veritable handcuffs of wedlock,
as well as the pole going deep into the hole repeatedly,
penis fuck pussy,
and, uh, by the authority invested in me by J.R. Bob Dobbs,
and in defiance of the laws of the state, and of nature itself,
I pronounce you all, man and wife, or man and man,
or husband and husband, or wife and wife, or thing and thing,
uh, for the next 24 hours,
you must now kiss each other, or you make a mockery of the sacred institution of marriage,
ashes to ashes, dust to dust,
it is done, amen, and a...
women.
Praise Bob.
Now seriously, I want to see you all consummating that stuff.
You can do it alone if you want,
that's no problem.
The, uh, we have a list of sins in one of our books,
it's like 200 sins that you never heard of,
that no one has ever tried.
Everything else, you know, we're not interested.
Been there, done that.
Bob doesn't care.
He's not here to forgive your sins,
because he doesn't give a hoot about your half-assed sins.
He brings not forgiveness, but an excuse.
An excuse is all you need.
Praise that old Bob.
And it so happens that when you become an ordained minister
by purchasing the thick kit over there for $35 at the sales table,
which comes with a decoder pen, by the way,
it also has a beautiful, frameable, all-purpose, all-inclusive, divine excuse.
Lawyers love that one.
And a doctorate of the forbidden sciences.
So you can put that up on your wall,
and you're an expert.
There you go.
I, did, did I mention that that stuff is available at the subgenius sales table?
Right over there, that long stretch of attractively packaged t-shirts,
one of a kind, and copies of book of the subgenius.
Not sold in any stores, and not stored in any souls.
And now I have a prayer by our friend Ride Theory
about the face of Bob.
His fizz is risen.
Oh, okay, good.
Oh my God, it keeps changing, changes a lot.
Yea, though ye walk through the uncanny valley of the half-toned salesman,
speak and see and hear no evil.
For the new Bob is with you.
His odd and changed puss discomforts thee.
He preparest a web page before thy frenemies.
Milk flows from thy nose.
Thy cup is spit taken.
Goodness and mercy shall follow thee all the days of thy life,
and you shall dwell on this JPEG forever and ever.
Thank you.
Thank you, Ride Theory.
That's so poetical.
And I will close, before we do the Q&A, with a short story written by a computer.
Honestly.
There's a thing called plotgenerator.com.
And you go to this website and just punch in some words at random.
And I did.
And I came up with, it came up with this very short story called
Hippie Filled Wisteria.
That is the title picked by the computer.
A short story by Gray Harryhausen.
Suzy the floozy had always loved hippie filled wisteria with its curvy, clever chem toilets.
It was a place where she felt fropped.
She was a topless, irrepressible guru pee drinker,
with brobding nagging breastises,
and knobby penises.
Her friends saw her as a homely, happy hooker with a heart of gold.
Once, she even jumped into a river and saved a little dog named Snuckles.
That's the sort of woman she was.
Suzy walked over to the window and reflected on her fropped, redolent surroundings.
The smoky air teased like a gigging prairie squid.
Then she saw something in the distance,
or rather someone.
It was the figure of Old Sequa.
Old Sequa was a schizophrenic testudine with appetizing breastises and indescribable penises.
Now, Old Sequa is actually the giant prehistoric snapping turtle that lives in the pond down the road there.
You know the part that's roped off?
Well, nobody dares go in that pond for the most part,
but the part that's roped off is bottomless.
And yet,
at the bottom,
there dwells Old Sequa.
The Indians around here knew him.
That's why they built that turtle mound to appease him.
And every year,
Old Sequa takes one subgenius and one pagan.
And usually nobody misses him.
Anyway, on with the story.
Suzy gulped.
She was not prepared for Old Sequa.
As Suzy stepped outside and Old Sequa came closer,
she could see the giant,
joyous glint in his eye.
Old Sequa gazed with the affection of 9925 paranoid,
greasy,
great,
jaggies.
That's a monster hunter character.
He said in hushed tones,
I love you and I want sex.
Suzy looked back even more horny and still fingering the slimy pipe.
Old Sequa,
I like reptiles,
but you're a little old for me,
she replied.
They looked at each other with stoned feelings,
like two lively late lizards gagging at a very over sexed X day,
which had anti music playing in the background and two hungry uncles ramming to the beat.
Suzy regarded Old Sequa's appetizing breastises and indescribable penises.
I feel the same way,
revealed Suzy with a delighted grin.
Old Sequa looked at him.
He looked in slackened,
his emotions blushing like a pongee putrid pea suitor shooter.
Then Old Sequa came inside for a nice drink of Guru P at hippie filled wisteria.
The end.
Thank you to the computer that wrote that touching,
touching fairy tale.
I could just listen to that overwhelming applause.
What a talented computer that was.
Okay,
so now it is.
So we've got about 15 minutes for questions and answers,
which is actually my favorite part,
except nobody ever has a question.
Because you're too lazy.
Now come on,
come up with a damn question.
Why is the question that followed Timothy Leary's phrase question authority?
That's your cue to say why?
Okay,
just so you know,
just in advance.
Now,
who's the little girl back there with the spider crawling over her eye?
You're going to have to come down.
I can't hear anything.
Do you have a question?
Yes,
I do.
Let's try it.
Okay.
What is the relationship between the church of the subgenius and the church of the flying spaghetti monster?
Oh,
what is the relationship?
The church of the subgenius and the flying,
the church of the flying spaghetti monster?
Well,
you've heard the jokes about the traveling salesman.
Those were based on a real man,
J.R. Bob dogs.
And Bob did a lot of traveling and there were a lot of farmers daughters he left knocked up.
And that's not the only species Bob left knocked up.
Bob could knock up squamous,
formless,
hideous,
indescribable creatures from between the dimensions.
Bob could hump on Cthulhu.
And so therefore the answer to your question is the flying spaghetti monster is Bob Dobbs bastard child.
Simple as that.
On the other hand,
we might owe a bit of a tip of the trepidated skull to the discordians who came before us and before them,
those two wise acres,
who wrote the pamphlets that were attributed to Christian Rosenkranz,
which were actually just satires that people took seriously and grew into the Rosicrucians,
the Theosophists and the whole new age.
So guess what happens when you make up a funny religious character and make little pamphlets about it that look just like the real thing.
If we could keep a straight face,
we'd be like Scientology.
And I wouldn't be here.
Now what was that?
I couldn't get that.
Somebody's going to have to translate.
Oh, does he like his pasta with cream sauce?
Bob?
I don't know,
but I can tell you this.
He does not like Cincinnati chili.
No, sir.
No, sir.
And if you ask me,
the Flying Spaghetti Monster is to the Church of the Subgenius what Cincinnati chili is to good old down home Wolf Brand chili.
I'm a little prejudiced because I originally came from Texas,
but you may notice me not moving back there.
Or six months later,
you might notice me moving back there after all,
at least during the winters.
In fact,
this show was edited in my new office.
In the 7th Mega Fist Temple Lodge of the Church of the Subgenius at the big house,
Stang Ranch,
Stangsville,
Texas.
And we're not sure exactly when we'll be ready to drive back to Cleveland.
But on with the Starwood Festival Q&A.
Why not broth?
Why not broth?
For the Flying Spaghetti Monster thing.
Why not bowls?
Why not broth?
Well,
we're getting off into some complicated doctrinal issues here.
You'd probably have to take those up with a more highly placed priest than me.
Next time you see Philo,
no, I know,
ask Dr. Howell.
Call the Ask Dr. Howell Show.
AskDrHowell.com.
He's got an answer for everything.
Mmm.
Broth.
I don't know,
bruh.
I'd like to make broth out of some of those bruhs.
I'm so old,
I still say man instead of dude or bro or bruh.
Can't even keep up.
Are the Yetis related to the Exists?
Are the Yetis related to the Exists?
Well, in a way, yes.
Let us clarify.
This man has obviously been reading and memorizing his pre-scriptures.
And not everybody knows who the Exists are.
That's our shorthand for the men from Planet X,
which is just what the media will call these
indescribable aliens.
We think of them as flying saucers
and creatures with bodies.
It's not like that at all.
We have to,
if there's any saucers and stuff,
it'll be because our minds are too puny
to comprehend their actual four-dimensional appearance.
And so they may appear as things we can understand.
And those are the ones,
those are Bob's alien friends.
As opposed to, you know,
the kind that makes saucers that crash,
your Greys, your Venusians, your Arians, and so forth.
Those are all half-fair.
Most of them are just from our solar system.
They don't know nothing.
The Exists did come to the planet Earth
one fine spring day 80 million years ago
during the Cretaceous era on a picnic.
And they accidentally wiped out all the dinosaurs.
And most species.
But they did start a new life form,
which, the Yetis.
They created the Yetis in a test tube,
you might say.
And they were the perfect, perfect creature
to inhabit the Earth.
However, once the Yetis started to flourish and multiply,
and you know, they walked around naked
in the frozen north or in lava,
because their minds were so advanced,
they were all like yogis.
They didn't even feel the cold.
They could walk across hot coals and stuff
and not be affected.
They could grow as many dicks as they wanted,
or whatever, you know, that kind of thing.
But the Yetis made a terrible mistake.
They decided they too would create life.
And they set up a half-assed,
half-assed lab,
and created a terrible form of vermin
that swarmed over the whole planet after that.
They were called humans.
And over the years,
the Yetis, some Yetis,
became degenerate.
The other Yetis just disappeared.
They're still around, but you'll never see them.
So, the degenerate Yetis started to,
well, they cohabitated with their pets, the humans,
and eventually there was a half-breed race.
Half Yeti, part Yeti, part human,
more human than Yeti.
And those are what we call
the sons of Bob and Connie,
the subgeniuses.
Yes, the children of the Yeti.
I got a letter once from a guy who said,
you guys have this alien stuff all wrong.
They're not arriving in 1998.
They're arriving in 2011.
Everybody knows that.
But you're right about the Yetis,
because one time I dropped acid,
and I looked in the mirror,
and I stared at my,
don't, that's the,
everybody knows better than to do that, right?
He goes, I stared in the mirror,
and I saw the face of the Yeti hair grow all over me,
and I got my Yeti self shown through.
So I know you guys aren't bullshitting about that.
Eh, we get a lot of those.
So, any other questions?
Or,
we have a question from the audience.
How do you keep the price so low?
We can't.
The postage just went up.
We're about to raise the price
to account for postage.
But you're here,
and we don't have to mail it to you.
So it's as if you're getting it for free almost.
It's only $35 with no postage.
And hey,
if you don't tell the Ohio State,
I won't tell them either.
And I'll pay the sales tax later.
How's that?
I really do have to do that.
I also have to renew the trademark
on Bob's face and the word subgenius.
Just to keep Walt Disney Company
or somebody from screwing it up.
If anybody's gonna screw it up more,
it's us, damn it!
And, yeah, so...
Why not both?
Why not both?
That's it.
So, um...
Yeah.
Why not both?
I'm not sure that that applies to everything.
Too much Everclear
is always better than not enough to Everclear?
No.
Why not both?
Maybe.
So,
any other questions?
Why is it that they say
you can't sell boobs without Bob?
Oh.
Why not both?
Can't we sell both?
I honestly don't know.
Well, maybe we should cut it off at that.
There's some great bands coming up tonight.
And they require a lot of setup.
And, um...
I require a lot of slack.
But, leaving
positive feedback?
the rehearsal for the complicated
bonfire lighting, which they always changed no matter how we
rehearsed it. So you never know what's going to happen down there.
And I understand there's especially powerful explosives
buried inside that giant pile of wood this time.
So it ought to be tons of fun and we will definitely see you down there.
And late at night, sometimes at Starwood,
Bob appears.
Now, to some people it's a bit of
a letdown. He's a little bit long in the tooth
these days, as you can imagine.
And he's not as tall as you might think.
And he seems not to be able to see or hear very well.
So if you see Bob, be gentle
with him.
And don't just grab him and mount him and have your way with him like you want to.
You kind of, you know, lube him up a bit.
The poor old scutter, you know. He's been through a lot.
And I guess that's it. I'm going to get off stage.
Thank you all very much for... Oh, what, Princess Wee?
Do you have any of the new Bob songs CDs that have just come out?
No. Well, yes, I do, but they're all on the internet.
It's been 10 years since we assembled
Subgenius music, hymns.
We have like 10 CD albums of those going back to
the 90s, but we haven't assembled a new one in about
10 years. And just recently we put together three new collections
with, they're really great, and we don't have them for sale.
Except online. If you go to subgenius.com
there's a little link.
There for our new albums. They're on bandcamp.com.
And you can pay a dollar per song or $10 for album
to download them. Nobody buys CDs. All they
ever listen to is downloads anyway. But to tell the truth, you can
actually hear them without downloading them. I don't know why we're even putting a price
tag on them. I could copy them easy myself.
But yeah, the old albums are there
and they're...
much more musical than I am.
And probably a little better looking and
don't take as long in the bathroom.
So, thank you very much.
Praise Bob!
Fuck them if they can't take a joke.
Question authority.
Yeah! You learned something!
And with that I ended the second of two Starwood shows from last July.
We might play the first show which was very different in the future.
Or you can attend the next Starwood which is held at Wisteria in Southern Ohio the week after our X-Day Festival.
Just Google Starwoodfestival.com or look at the subgenius events page on subgenius.com.
Or you can also learn about the Starwood Preview or Winter Star Ball happening on February 28th Sunday in Cleveland at the Beach Club.

And you can also watch the show at the Westland Ballroom with Reverend Baby Bear doing the subgenius preaching part and emceeing.
Because I'm still in Texas and besides she's louder and prettier as heard here.
You've been listening to the subgenius radio ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information write to P.O. Box 18141.
For free information write to P.O. Box 18141.


For free information write to P.O. Box 18141.
For free information write to P.O. Box 18141.
Praise Bob!
