It's reality, goodbye.
Nice and noisy, oh listen to that.
Love those noises, mm-hmm.
Beautiful, very professional.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry.
Hour of Slack.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
The subgenius Hour of Slack that you are about to listen to
is specially designed only to be played on radio station.
Oh, I'm looking forward to it.
Looking forward to it, Mr. Stan.
But, uh, just, I guess,
I guess, I guess, I guess,
I guess, I guess, I guess,
ever since the nuclear war,
it's been hard for us subgeniuses
to keep the show running like it used to
back in the good old days.
Oh, now I remember those times.
Those were good times, boy.
This is Doug Smith, radio operator.
I'm gonna bring you a piece of that green cheese for sure.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Um, anyway, we, we create special effects
with an Ultimac color tone brainwave synthesizer.
You may have been reading about those lately.
They're illegal.
Uh, they trigger a total physical separation
by stem cleavage of the left and right brains.
Um, that's cerebral mitosis to you science fans.
Creating a forebrain-hindbrain sync lock,
if you can dig on that.
And that's the whole reason for this show to exist.
This is a brain dissonance,
a disconnection show,
which operates on a simple, new, break-thinking principle
by which your brainwave patterns
are gradually forced into resynchronization
with this tape's underlying messages and instructions.
So...
What? Oh!
A plug of noise whizzing past your ears.
So, that's what we do.
Just take the old cotton wad that comes with this station
and clean it out.
You did get a cotton wad with your station?
I think it's almost the first of the month.
They come every first of the month.
They put acid down the hallways of the station
to make sure they kill it.
Diversionary platforms might be producing that kind of trash.
And there's only one a day,
so be very careful where you use that cotton wad.
So, the homeboys, they got gold in their mouth.
Come on, keep going to Bob.
Go change the fresh wear.
Keep going.
Keep going to Bob.
Bob, when is it?
Bob, Bob, Bob, when is it?
Bob!
Bob, Bob, Bob.
Imagine the letter O, like a star,
like a sun, like a blazing beacon of bobness,
floating in the endless night of pink fear
and pinker embarrassment and self-loathing.
Imagine the glorious letter O,
floating like a donutty bountiful beauteous beacon in that endless darkest night imagine now
another b a brave and bold letter b sounds like sesame street circling rocketing
raging racing around and around that o until we have a blazing band of golden b
slice across this ban glance across this disc of b-ness into the heart of honest and emerge again
and again into eternal b attitude and dive across the disc of bobness again and again
first b then the eternal sinner of o or bness and finally as firstly b on ending on beginning
b o b b
now turn the record over as we learn three more excremeditation positions
oh
what this country needs is a good five cents sitar
ah well you might think this is just chirpy as hell doing a show but something i found is i've
got a low tolerance for things oh boy i have a low threshold oh oh the microphone fell off i guess
it's happy to see me oh kayla you're so good at this you're so good at this you're so good at this

let's see if i can cue up some of my screams when the realization of what i was doing hits
the first show is free and then i felt like trying another show
and i kind of felt like i needed to do another show that would be nice yeah i gotta take the
edge off and and now now i gotta do a show every week i gotta do a show i gotta do a show i gotta do a show
give me a show
you can handle it oh oh i need it i need it oh but the pain the incredible agonies oh yes no kidding
reverend suzy the floozy there uh from her w-r-e-k erect subgenius show with reverend microphone
uh and
we're we're back it's still the same day but it's a it's another show
or just kind of there's a little sterno at the bottom of the hole
he's been poked and caught awake now by the bad show
just look look into yourself and what you see there may be too much well we've got
i've been staying here
something
just swallow yes we've got ivan staying captive here in the in the berkeley show
and we want to get the lid off of this
spread everything all over here go ahead swallow some of those
okay okay
uh uh energon crystals
our muscles flexing
stop snorting those energon crystals
okay here it comes here it comes
okay look out look out sterno's love muscle is flexing
oh watch out everybody stand back
stand back
oh no
oh no
oh no

oh no






oh no
oh no
when you wanna come back






just like it's whatever no as many times in the quake better drink rather equal probably better get a mug and a shelf and beer and other things you do


you'll know what i'm talking about
i care about working with you i don't know a damn little bit why that's why you are so impetuous to just suck my better work with us oh my clusters are hell there's nothing usual for it
before their eyes. These verses, whether we admit it or not, are a description of all of us before we came to the knowledge of the Lord.
Bob?
Bob!
Bob!
Bob.
Look, I don't care what your reporters think. I wasn't doing anything in the parked car with Reverend Ann, except discussing church.
Oh, do we need to do that again? Okay, but it would be wrong.
That's the clapper loader, the best boy in the dolly grip, who's just there on strike. I'm sorry to tell you that, Mr. Stang, but they say that this production can't move on until their demands are satisfied.
Well, let's go on with the press conference.
He said in verse 21,
And you that were sometime alienated and enemies in your mind by wicked work, yet now have derecorded.
And you that were sometime alienated and enemies in your mind by wicked work, yet now have derecorded.
And we were all alienated in our minds by wicked work!
That's our past! That was their past! And that's our past tonight! That's the past!
But the second thing we see is the present.
Our parents destroyed us. Your mother turned you into a hollow human shell.
What?
.
Tavares, Florida.
Like other generations who went through the public schools in this small town an hour north of Orlando,
students at Tavares Middle School are taught to take pride in American citizenship and heritage.
.
The school's athletic teams are nicknamed the Patriots, and the school colors are red, white, and blue.
But the conservative Christians who dominate the Lake County School Board say that is not enough.
As part of a new policy approved Tuesday by a 3-2 vote, teachers will be required to teach the county's 22,000 students that American culture, values, and political institutions are, quote, inherently superior to other foreign or historic cultures.
Yes, the policy conceived as a...
A response to the state's multicultural education policy is the handiwork of the school board's chairwoman, Pat Hart, who describes herself as a patriot, a Christian, and a Republican.
She said it was okay that students learn about other nations as required by the state's multicultural educational curriculum,
so long as they also...
She thought that the United States is, quote, unquestionably superior to any society in all of human history.
Mrs. Hart said she drafted the policy statement, which also requires teachers to promote, quote, strong family values and an appreciation of our American heritage and culture,
to ensure that students never forget that, quote, we are the best.
Of the best.
And Mrs. Hart, whose own children are enrolled in private religious schools, says she has never set foot outside the United States,
speaks no foreign languages, and has no academic training in comparative culture, religion, or government.
I don't need to visit other countries to know that America is the best country in the world, she said.
And Mrs. Hart was elected four years ago in a contest that attracted few voters.
She was joined in 1992 by two other religious conservatives who, like her, espoused the views of Pat Robertson's Christian coalition.
With their support, she became chairwoman.
One of the...
And, you know, friends, this is going on all over the country.
They figured out, well, all we've got to do is lie and say...
Not mention that we're fanatical Christian radicals that want to change how you behave in your own bedroom,
but we'll get elected first, and then we'll start changing things.
One of those board members, Judy Pearson, said,
we need to reinforce that we should be teaching America first.
Otherwise, she said, young people, if they felt our land was inferior or equal to others,
would have no motivation to...
go to war and defend their country.
Ms. Hart, whose seat is up for election this year,
originally ran on a tax efficiency platform,
emphasizing her religious agenda only after narrowly winning election.
In one early action that stirred controversy,
the revamped school board rejected federal money intended for Head Start programs for disadvantaged children.
Ms. Hart and her allies have also, of course, sought to limit sex education,
to require creationism in the science curriculum,
and to limit some reading material in schools,
primarily children's books by Shel Silverstein.
I don't know if any of you have ever seen Shel Silverstein's children's books,
but they're not exactly demonic.
말을
청
Branch
Collaborative
blue
phigen
polka
q
Así

basket
crowds

ն
r











game
단
pitch
game
ram
wall
speed
구
mom
vi
Jerry Falwell sets the rules, Creation Science Polka!
The universe was fabricated in six literal days.
The humans and the dinosaurs shared a condo in L.A.
Carbon dating makes us cringe, we're the right-wing lunatic fringe.
Jesus died for our sins, Creation Science Polka!
Music
Music
The Bible says
the earth is only 6,000 years old.
Deny and Jesus Christ will roast your balls on burning coals.
Come on everyone, join the fun.
Ignorance has almost won.
Get geology from a nun.
Creation science polka.
Take your children out of school.
Homestuck dogma is so cruel.
Prop them up.
Watch them.
Then drool.
Creation science polka.
.

.
.
.
.
.
hate
.
.
.



.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.

.

.


.



.




.
.
Project. Yes, dear friends, that was Rudy Schwartz Project. Our good friend, Reverend Joe Newman,
who you can write about his many tapes from a post office box 4542 Austin, Texas 78765.
And I think you should do so. Joe Newman, a creation science of poker.
Friends, you may be laughing at those hicks in Florida.
Well, I'm not laughing. What used to be the hippest station in Dallas, Texas, got a new manager a couple of weeks ago.
And suddenly the delasions were no longer listening to the hour of slack.
And also the other shows that were deemed not Christian enough all of a sudden under this.
So.
The new management were the Jewish show, the Celtic show, and pretty much any other show done by.
Well, that was in any way overtly non-Christian.
Hmm. That's the freedom of speech that the religious right is talking about, friends.
And their idea of education would involve plenty of whitewater and, you know, not not a whole lot of mention of a wounded knee or Iran Contra.
Or.
Watergate or the Spanish American War or Haymarket.
Or Vietnam.
The Kennedy assassination.
The slave colonies on the moon.
They will lie, friends.
They kind of believe that they have to lie to beat us liberal Satanists, which to them actually includes Mr.
And Mrs.
Average Presbyterian.
Middle of the road.
Normal.
Yeah, it's they they will will move into your turf saying one thing.
And then once they get a little bit of power, it starts.
Well, it changes here.
This is from the Dallas Observer, Dallas Weekly Paper on May 2nd.
Canowen, the station that build itself the voice of the people changed its format, rendering it all.
But.
Unrecognizable to long term listeners gone for good or such favorite revenue producing shows such as Celtic Crossroads Magic Time Warp Machine Music by the book.
Ivan Stag's Hour of Slack.
The Jewish Music Hour and Lone Star Dead.
The Grateful Dead show.
Easy Eddie D's hip hop extravaganza suddenly dropped an hour.
The Bilingual News Hour.
Disappeared and suddenly jazz fills the airwaves every midnight from midnight to four a.m.
Every night changing as the new manager, Bobby, says it was necessary to turn Canowen into a real radio station with real service instead of just a bunch of self-serving shows.
He said he cut the aforementioned programs and several others because they did not fulfill the radio stations.
The mission, which was, as Elliot says over and over again, to serve and empower the lower and moderate income constituency in our community.
Some of the programming, like the Hour of Slack, couldn't really identify with that, Elliot says.
And that's exactly why some of those shows are going away.
Of course, Elliot's mantra, he uses the phrase low to moderate income individuals a dozen times in 15 minutes, is nothing new at Canowen.
That's been the station's goal since its inception.
To provide lower income people of all races with information about blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
I'm not going to tell you what that information is.
But, you know, suddenly this little station is gospel music from four o'clock in the morning to noon.
And then it's like reggae and soul and rap and then the jazz stuff.
But Elliot's decision to add jazz for four hours every night is puzzling.
Demographic studies.
Studies indicate that jazz radio listeners skew towards a mostly upper class, well-educated white audience.
Ostensibly the very people Elliot believes we're listening to, if not running Canowen before he came on board.
What makes the jazz decision even more curious is that Canowen provided two jazz programs in the past seven years.
So anyway, this good Christian has, oddly enough, in addition to firing volunteer disc jockeys,
he hired his good buddy Bob Phillips at 300 bucks a week to host the jazz show every night.
And it's a different thing now.
He says community-based committees that are representatives of the listeners tell him what to put on the air and what to take off.
And that prior to his arrival, station management ignored the committee's wishes.
However, nobody at Canowen, past or present, knows what this guy's talking about when he evokes these community committees.
There never were any community committees.
And there was a committee, but not what he's talking about.
Oh, man.
It's, well, I go on and on about this unfair situation in this one city.
But if it's not a good thing, then it's a good thing.
It's not happening to a radio station in Dallas.
It's happening to a school in Florida.
And if it ain't, you know, it's enough to make a feller want to tip over, if you know what I mean.
But I ain't gonna do it.
I ain't gonna do it, no, sir.
No, sir, ma'am.
We're gonna strive to continue as we have.
No matter how terrible our equipment is.
By the way, if anybody, well, donations would always, well.
Stay tuned for more and less.
Coming up on this subgenius radio ministry hour of slack.
The voice of the church of the subgenius.
Praise Bob.
He's a father.
He's a shepherd.
He's a leader.
He's a servant.
He's a friend.
He's a Flanders.
I'll tell you what.
You know, if anyone who's been in church for any length of time knows the importance of a pastor
and how much people really do depend on him.
Well, I'd like to ask another thing.
Yeah, sorry for the subgeniuses in Dallas.
I'm getting a lot of sad mail.
The pastor or the local church, basically.
From the Dalatians.
Earlier in the program.
The epistles from the Dalatians.
Where they're driving about the evil of a world where they are denied the, even one hour,
even one poor hour of slack.
No, they don't even get that.
I'm driving because I haven't had breakfast and I'm hungry.
I think.
Therefore, I'm going to have breakfast.
That's true.
I think that's what Lord sale is seeking if you'd like to have breakfast.
If we could spend the next half of the evening drinking, we'd like to enjoy that little Christmas with theiscue after about two days.
So, going to for it wasn't a struggle.
It wasn't because we have this.
We have got to do it and to get to encouraged to spend it.

The only reason we have to be are from and the couple going down, it would be just from our sheets where a couple of kids were sitting about, but I would like our switch on a methodical.
Hopefully, may be duly pressured by an appropriate appointed Citizens Committee.
Naomi Yeler took that same ball again.



Anyway, Sundays are not going to be the same.
I'm extremely upset.
It is Sunday today, and the point is driven home, and I am extremely miserable.
So I guess I'd better go masturbate.
See you later.
Now, you must see yourself as a minister and be bold.
I know. I've got to do the hour of slack tonight, pal.
I'd have to do it without a studio.
So I guess I'm going to have to do me a bunch of damn tape.
For some reason, I'm all panicky about it.
Like, oh no, oh, it's going to be too hard to do this.
I can just sit down and do it.
I just have to do two of them.
You know, the funny thing is, whenever I do a show on Sunday nights, I come home and go,
man, I could have done two hours.
Man, I could have done two hours.
It'd be real easy.
I can't believe this horrible sound I'm getting.
Where is it coming from?
This is probably destroying my day.
Where's the fire? Bring my mic.
My mic's up about half.
Cast, cast.
Here we go.
Something going on here.
Can you hear myself?
And if I want to bring the background up, it goes up about halfway point.
It is frustrating, though, dear friends, you know.
But I think maybe we can gradually, if only I had real mics.
I'm sure the thrumming of the stupid machine sounds fine.
Hi, guys.
Good to have you here.
Paul, are you there?
Yes, I'm here.
What's up?
Paul, are you there?
I think we can do it all with cassette.
I think.
We, what choice do we have?
We must.
This is confusing.
It sounds like a terrible show.
I know.
I'm concerned with the views of all the people out there.
So, go ahead, car.
Let's see how this works with the microphone.
It's sad.
It's sad.
It's sad.
Not to hear it in your head.
Or have a good CD player.
Sending.
Okay, let's see how this works.
Oh, here it is without the hum.
Can you hear the difference?
I certainly can.
Not a hardly half a hum.
I need to find a garage.
I need to go out and find a garage.
Maybe.
Maybe.
Maybe we can make the horrible, horrible equipment somehow.

That's what I need.
I need the stand.
The mic stand to save good from evile.
Never knew I had so many ideas.
Right.
Oh, yeah.
Muff, muff.
We're listening to those pops and bangs and twitters and why it sounds like the mic comes
through balance.
Oh, yeah.
Using a tripod for a mic stand.
Oh, yeah.
















I'm going to have to get a damn, uh, uh, $80 Radio Shack stereo mixer for doing your home
disco party.
I guess that's what it mainly is for.
Got a microphone that only hears you when you're talking exactly directly into it.
And of course you got to put that has to be over on the side because of the tripod.
One tape deck.
Hopefully we don't get too much.
I can only.
I can only.
I can only hear a little bit.
Not even a cassette deck that works at all.
Background music.
I have no idea what's the, uh, the right volume for the background.
Probably be like last week and do it all wrong.
There's no way to monitor it properly.
It sounds from these headphones like I do such damn things.
Oh, the wrench in power from the subgenius.
I'm not saying they money them subgeniuses.
They might spend it on equipment.
I'm sure they've got enough equipment.
They'd probably just spend it on frop or something.
Yeah.
They, they're so rich and powerful.
I got all that.
I don't need to send money to those stations that play that show.
No, no, I don't need to send money to the church and subgenius cause they're so rich,
you know, cause of Bob.
They are be sending money to me.
Why don't you come meet me in a dark alley?
Give me all your money.
Cause I'm God.
Oh, we do have a little mic.
That's the problem.
It's stunning.
It's pretty stunning.
Oh, one couldn't.
Test, test.
Test, test.
I can't understand how my own daughter can approve of this preposterous mess.
It's in such uncivilized taste.
Are you sure?
I got the echo.
Oh!
It's okay.
So, once again.
Situation, where my volume
Sigh.
Sometimes, sometimes they don't.
So, once again.
Situation, where my volume
Sigh.
All right.
Maybe there is hope.
Maybe there is hope after all.
Sometimes, sometimes they don't.
Better world with...
What happens if I do that?
Now that one's...
Big camper. Oh yeah.
Oh now, oh, we lost it again.
Now it's gone.
Saw new notches in my mic stand.
Oh boy, oh we got it made now.
Yes siree, bob, re-bop.
It's a...
Oh, that's a beautiful thing now.
Kiss me out.
Well I've got, uh...
Ooh, now it pops real good.
But...
We do have the mic hanging now...
From a board...
With notches cut out.
Hanging by a piece of string.
That's our mic stand.
We have this background tape deck...
Which we'll play.
You can't fight me.
You have no chance.
I know it.
Throw this stupid machine.
Oh god.
We're going to fight the devil anyway though, friends.
We are going to fight the devil.
Test, test.
You know that Canadian...
Rich guy gave that fake bob rip-off artist...
Six thousand dollars or something.
Like that.
They had...
They had thousands of dollars to put their CD together.
And here we, the original servants of bob...
Sit with a microphone hanging from a string.
Without it...
So much as a...
A...
A robot to answer the phone.
And with...
Equipment that's literally held together by...
A masking tape.
Every single...
Tape deck the kind that you have to...
Jiggle the wires on to get both channels to work.
Oh, I think I had a cerebral blood-put in there.
We think the concept of no pain, no gain is worthwhile...
Because the more self-induced agony you withstand...
The closer you are to appreciating slack when you get a hold of it.
If you rearrange your perceptions just a little...
It's just like hang gliding over lava pits or...
Or getting your eyelids pierced.
Oh, yeah.
Whew.
But I've had some great times here with Mike...
Like the Halloween party where we cornered Jesus and witless to him.
We sure did.
Oh, got him a beer because he can't get up enough for the water into wine rift anymore.
Oh, he was so bummed out.
Wearing the sandals, looking the part to a tee.
Mm, that Aikido vest was real nice.
Oh.
Yeah, we did a tag team smiting on him and got that third nostril opened up on him.
And boy, that cold October air smacked into the oxygen star of brain circuitry.
You could see the shock waves.
Whew.
He howled and hit the floor and rolled around and burst into flame.
And we ruined the hostess's Persian rugs trying to smother it.
Mm.
Boy, that always happens any time we try to get that guy to think for himself for a change.
Mm-hmm.
Witnessing for Jesus is one thing, but witnessing to him is another.
Oh, yeah, you got to slap him around to get his attention.
It's plum shameful.
But hey.
Well, I saw you sitting there.
I was trying not to stare.
I wasn't sure if it was you.
I didn't know just what to do.
Well, are you drinking with me, Jesus?
I can see you very clear.
Are you drinking with me, Jesus?
Won't you buy a friend?

You realize you know that I'm on your barstool.
I felt some warmness and then an old boy looked down at my hands, and that wasn't warmness.
I wet myself again.
Hey, are you drinking with me, Jesus?
I can see you very clear
Are you drinking with me, Jesus?
Won't you buy a friend of mine?
Cause your head, now, Jesus
Is hung over you to rise
I just heard I should choose
You holding the bloodshot eye
Should we take a cam home, Jesus?
Shit, man, we can huff it from here
I know you can walk on the water
Can you walk on this much water?
Are you drinking with me, Jesus?
I can see you very clear
Are you drinking with me, Jesus?
Won't you buy a friend of mine?
Everybody now!
Are you drinking with me, Jesus?
I can see you very clear
Are you drinking with me, Jesus?
Won't you buy a friend of mine?
Those of who want the。
We'll see our discussion of this month
Can you imagine the beauty of a反.
It's all sort of...



What we said
Well, yeah...
Like far принө
Well, yeah...
Will stand
What's wrong?




Don't I in the same club
Just have to do the same thing
It is a sweet thing



Time's up?
What?
I'll tell you what I have to say about that, my friends.
This is from the new subgenius book coming out in October,
Revelation X, The Bob Apocryphon.
In fact, this section's from an old hour of slack rant a long time ago.
But you know our rival cults talk of the attack on the American family?
The attack on the American family.
And they're right.
The fabric of society is unraveling.
Father is pitted against son, sister against mother.
Father too close up against sister.
And 95% of all marriages end in divorce.
But our rival cults would claim that this results from MTV pornography,
sitcom sex gags, premarital permissiveness and the like.
Oh, something's tearing the family apart all right, dear friends.
But it's what those other churches love the most.
It's what they accuse us of wanting to destroy.
And they're right about that.
They're right about that too.
What's tearing the family apart, my friends, is 9 to 5 jobs.
Pink corporate conspiracy lifestyles whereby mommy and daddy get up in the morning,
kiss the kids in a kind of simultaneous hello and goodbye and go off to work.
Then after they get home about 7 o'clock, frustrated after a long drive back out to the burbs,
they kiss the kids hello and goodnight and they all go to bed.
Oh.
Our rivals like to work.

Wail and gnash their teeth about how the children are getting exposed to too much.
What they aren't being exposed to, friends, is a little bit of mom and dad.
Forget the pornography.
We say legalized pornography and bad work.
Most kids these days grow up with scarecrows looking over them because mommy and daddy,
Mrs. Mommy and Daddy, because Mr. and Mrs. Mommy and Daddy think it's,
is so important to have job security.
It's so important to be a real American.
A normal American.
An American that doesn't know its kids as well as it knows its employees.
And that preacher can get up there on TV and oh, he's so glad to keep you normal.
Keep young wifey stuck in the house, cooped up with the kids 24 hours a day,
turning her into a raven maniac from boredom and pinkness.
While old dad, well, uh, he's got a little bit of a problem.


He's out making his sales calls and martinis.
And that way, mama gets no slack.
Mama turns into a nutcase.
And you wonder why her kids turn to drugs.
They see her so adamant, blithering drunkenly on the phone and think,
well, I'm gonna go get messed up on drugs.
I don't wanna be like her.
That's worse than being messed up on drugs.
It's the sad truth, friends.
So the next time some pink starts in on about how you're a drug addict,


or your subgenius book or radio show has some pictures of nakedness and bad words,
well, you just come right back at him and say,
sir, sir, ma'am, do you work so hard trying to preserve morality
in this great land that your kids hate you?
Oh, yes, friends.
You know, this is a crooked and perverse culture,
a guilt-ridden, glutted, consumerist society
of desperate, completely unbalanced pinks
abusing kids and each other
and then getting paid to brag about it on talk shows and music videos.
But you can't force people to behave.
Not as long as behaving involves ingrained conspiracy perversions
and everybody is barraged nonstop with sublimations of natural lust
being used to sell cars and guns and war.
Oh, the mighty Yeti of old erred when they tampered with that buzzer in our brains, friend,
that pleasure center right next to the orgasm dynamos
and left it programmable so that anything could be made to light it up.
That pleasure switch could be thrown by some TV commercial
or bleeding-heart right-wing commie talk show host's hate rant.
And the slobbering old man would say,


the old brain thinks it's getting the same reward as a righteous ooze squirt,
but only the top Kundalini tear is activated with nothing lit up beneath it.
This is unhealthy.
People will latch onto anything that fires that spot in their brains,
and they'll worship it.
Oh yeah, it could be high-heeled shoes,
or a dead guy nailed to a stick,
or Jim Jones' voice,
or Rush Limbaugh's,
or Ivan Stang's, for that matter.
Or it could be the car,
or the team,
or toys,
or poison chemicals you put in your body,
or a paycheck.
Could be a paycheck.
Or a Betty Page all tied up.
Or jiggling body parts and automobiles smashing together.
It could even be Bob's face!
Well, actually, we haven't run anybody in quite that far.
But strange, strange things can fall into that blister.
And, you know, falling in love with somebody of the same sex might seem weird to you,
but it's a hell of a lot less weird than falling in love with,
for instance, little rectangular green pieces of paper.
Oh, praise Doctors for Bob.
Here in the background is Doctors for Bob cranking away.
Let's just let him do that for you.
Ah, there it goes.
I think we're mastering this.
That always happens before a fall.
Let's hear what Bill Carlyle has to say
in his wonderful, mortal country and western switch-hitting menage a trois number called
What Kind of Deal Is This?
Now, me and Liz was on our first date.
We was a-sittin' with this red light, a-havin' to wait.
And this old boy walked up with a big possum grin,
and he just opened the cargo room, called right in,
and I thought, what kind of deal is this?
You know, the thing that was gettin' me the most
was the way this old boy seemed to feel his own.
Man, he was really gettin' under my skin, a-sittin' over our heads.
With that big, stupid grin, and I thought, what kind of deal is this?
I got to wonderin' about this friend of Liz.
But I figured in a minute she'll tell me who he is.
But as we drove along, I thought, man, oh man,
cause me and him and Liz was all free of holdin' hands.
I thought, what kind of deal is this?
Now, I ain't too smart, but I could still see it.
This whole deal looked all fouled up to me.
So I thought I'd better stop it, man.
It's goin' too far, cause she was a-huggin' me,
and he was a-huggin' her, and I thought, what kind of deal is this?
Well, I knew it wasn't right, but what could I say?
I thought I'd just kinda let it go along that-a-way,
but pretty soon I seen I was out on a limb.
I couldn't kiss her without kissin' him and the man,
I thought, what kind of deal is this?
So I stopped the car and I said, look here, Liz,
you'd better tell me who this guy is.
She said, I don't know him.
I thought he was your friend.
I said, well, if you don't know him, what's he doin' here?
Then I thought, what kind of deal is this?
So I grabbed him by the collar and I choked him out of the car,
said, buddy, I ain't never seen nobody like you are.
How come you pull these kinda jokes?
He said, well, sometimes it works, sometimes it don't.
And I thought, what kind of deal is this?
Well, I drew back my fist to hit him in the face.
He broke and loose and outrun a snake.
So now here I stand just a-lookin' at Liz,
and both of us are wonderin' who this guy is.
Now, what kind of deal do you think this is?
If you find out, I wish you'd let me know.
Man, it's tore me up like a sow's bed.
You ain't nervin' for me.

You been tore up like a sow's bed.
You know what I mean, Nick.
Uh, friends.
You know, uh, believe it or not, strangely enough,
ours would actually tend to be an almost sweet,
almost romantic type of relationship.
If they didn't make us spend so much time hating.
But none of this half-assed, namby-pamby romance for us.
It has to be a sweaty, a strange, and fearsome romance.
Romance to inspire awe in both partners.
Or however many partners. Usually just two.
And not that variety is necessarily a replacement for quality.
A neurotic conspiracy-style promiscuity is the last resort
for those ignorant of the full gospel ooze squirt.
Bob is so open-minded, even monogamy is cool with him.
Like any good and decent religion,
this church of the subgenius is fanatical about traditional family values.
Subgenius style, that is.
Ain't nothing wrong with staying single and free,
living it up in sin.
But for those who must get hitched and, or have a litter or two,
understanding the subgenius fully extended nuclear family
is all-important.
The conspiracy idea of the nuclear family is, of course,
mom, dad, sis, and junior.
The subgenius extended nuclear family includes
auntie, uncle, grandpa,
gramps, cousins, step-neighbors-in-law,
and close friends, and Rover.
The subgenius fully extended nuclear family
is even more loving and nurturing.
For it includes not only all of the above,
but also mom's boyfriends, dad's girlfriends,
and little friends.
The garbage man, the mailman, the abortionist,
the rats in the alley, the prairie squid in a jar on the fridge,
and all their fully extended nuclear families,
and all their nuclear weapons.
For that matter, the lone subgenius agoraphobic
locked inside his own sealed chamber is also
a subgenius fully extended nuclear family.
Ideally,
each individual subgenius should be its own
fully extended nuclear family
with its own personal gun emplacements and warheads.
Uh, this music in the background, by the way,
is from Jay Condom's tape,
SOMBO FROP LAND.
See the subgenius catalog for details.
Anyway, you know, while traditional conspiracy, quote,
morality says that the pink nuclear family
is threatened by this doctrine of what is essentially
more love,
the subgenius sees it as enriched.
Although more love does seem to cause more fights as well.
Subgeniuses, as a result of the healthy exploration
of their own hate squared,
have the potential to be much more romantic,
loving, horny, and consequently,
more friendly and respectful than humans,
most of whom would be just as happy with Chinese-style
arranged marriages for all the difference it would make.
They're mostly interchangeable anyway,
like a bunch of Barbies and Kens who differ only in war-drone.
It doesn't really matter who the subgenius is,
because it's the same thing.
It's the same thing as a couple of couples who are


And that's why we strongly urge couples to invest in several
subgenius short-duration marriages and consummations
before even thinking about conspiracy legalities
and spiritual contracts.
A hundred test short-duration marriages or short-dur-mars,
even at retail, would be far, far cheaper
than even one conspiracy divorce.
You know, friends, it's kind of rough sometimes,
because we who are more yeti than others
sometimes must suffer the knowledge of not only the glory
of our true heritage, but the shame of our fall.
Indeed, that shame is all too often used as a rationalization
for demeaning ourselves by continuing to fornicate with the human
in lieu of fellow yetinsony.
A bit, my friends, like trying to forget that you're a...
Like drinking to forget you're a drunk.
Like drinking to forget you're a drunk.
Like drinking to forget you're a drunk.
Like drinking to forget you're a drunk.
Like drinking to forget you're a drunk.
Oh, dear friends, if you'd like more information about
the Church of the Subgenius, this show, or any of the subgenius books
and pamphlets, you can send off for free information to the address
I'm just about to give you.
Oh, yes, just send that self-addressed stamped envelope,
or even just drop a postcard.
To... Yeah, you got that pencil ready?
Just write to... Bob.
That's right, just the name Bob will get it here.
Bob at P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas.
75214.
Oh, yes, it feels strange to read that P.O. Box here in the home studio
instead of the old radio station studio, but my gobs will do it anyway.
Once again, that's Bob at P.O. Box 140306.
Dallas, Texas.
75214.
75214.
A thank you and a praise, Batman.
Bob.
And now, a public service announcement from the American Slack Association.
Normality, the dread crippler of young minds, builds up slowly in a variety of ways,
from a variety of sources, eventually to clog completely your entire system.
Just as surely as grease, scum, garbage, and excrement,
or pornography and lingerie flush down the toilet in a sudden panic,
can clog your whole plumbing system.
Also, just as surely as cholesterol and Snickers bars can cause a plaque buildup
and eventual blockage in an artery leading to a heart attack.
A lack of slack attack can result in much the same way.
The scum of normality blocks the pipeways of mentality and the arteries of emotionality,
with a sticky gray gunk, impeding the natural flow of slack through your system.
If the flow of slack is completely blocked, the weirdness gland will soon fail to function,
and the whole imagination system could shut down.
A form of living death ensues, called normality.
You are then doomed.
Doomed to walk the earth as one of the hideous, undead, a wretched, loathsome normal.
But sometimes,
in a small percentage of cases,
a slack backup can build pressure until Bob breaks through.
The patient may not have even heard of Bob,
but he knows instinctively that normality is toxic,
and there must be another way, a non-normal way to health, beauty, and happiness.
The patient may then begin exercising the virility-spewing weirdness gland
at first sub-sensory.
Soon the patient is ready for high-impact imagination workouts.
Subliminal message, the Dobbs workout tapes makes an excellent Christmas gift.
Soon the patient is cultivating a state of pure, creative high weirdness,
which promotes the free flow of slack-carrying fluids
throughout the nervous and endocrine systems.
Then, one day,
a grinning sort of Hugh Beaumont father figure,
with an attractive Meerschaum pipe,
clinched, tight, and loose,
brightly in his teeth,
saunters up to you,
and screeches.
Hey, your mind is molding,
rotting,
your brain is liquefying.
It's running out your ear,
draining down your throat.
Look here, it's evaporating,
sublimating,
becoming steam,
leaking away,
right in front of your face.
You're dripping, excuse me.
There goes your brain, it's bubbling, it's glurgling,
it's glurgling, it's heading for the sewer.
You're out of control.
And hey, let's let Martin Mothersbaugh take us out
with the best version of the national anthem I've ever heard.
Let's get this sucker going.
We'll get you to cut.
I'm listening to this over there now.
Well, I thought you had like this much more,
okay, and then you switched the pitch or something.
Let's see if you can—
If you can guys write—
Time to go to work.
Start Royce.
I got two new Soviet toys.
G ph asta da, da de, da da.

Well, face it, it's all a sign of the end times.
We're in the grips of the end times.
We humans do not see with our eyes or hear with our ears,
but that we both see and hear with our mind.
You need to do what you want.
Good, I'm going to walk your mind.
Beat it into submission.
Burdenless a body blow.
You get the slack in the arm, you get the back slip.
Cultivate the highest.
Blah, the slack.
Make it a living art form.
Make your life a work of high weirdness.
Well, when you play pairs like that, you better duck.
It's gonna be a little sick.
It's that there Church of the Subgenius kind of deal.
It's Bob's Slack Time Funhouse.
Everybody.
All prepared.
We must endeavor to permeate every facet of American society.
Amen.
It got crowded in the closet, so we're finally coming out.
We're thumping on our bibles and building up our clouds.
We're all the Lord's lieutenants and there's nothing we can't do.
To prove it, we're now making our political debut.
Oh, we're the moral majority.
We're holier than thou.
By God, we're here to tell you what we will and won't allow.
We're out to purge the nation of its humanistic bent.
A separate church and state, we've simply given up our left.
Around this time, a kindly reverend came along.
He asked me if I knew Bob as my professor.
He was my personal savior.
Of course, I recoiled at such a thing.
Oh, no, I said.
I gave at the office.
Well, he patiently told me he knew of my inner turmoil.
He gave me a phone number.
Just a phone number.
Counselors will be available day and night, he told me.
I prepared to toss it away.
After all, I could make it on my own.
I didn't need Bob.
But having the number began to pull at me.
I, one lonely night.
Went over to the computer and with shaky fingers,
dialed the number of Bulldada BBS.
Somehow, I made it to the subgenius files.
Reading through them, I knew I had arrived home.
They were talking about me.
I just had to join.
I knelt down and said in a loud cry,
Oh, Bob, I know now.
A heavenly sound tinkled in my ears.
The sound of being logged off for no more time.
Since then, the going has been rough.
All my friends look at me with the evil eye.
Look as they quickly cover themselves with wolfsbane
to arm themselves against me.
The mildest Deus
