Neighbor, how long has it been since you've had a great big heaping steaming pipe bowl full of unreconstituted slack?
I thought so.
Better pull out your bob glands, folks, and start tuning in.
There's great days a-coming for the church and those who believe.
Yes, the train to Dobstown will soon be pulling in your station.
Don't be left behind.
Don't be afraid.
Come to Bob.
He will give you slack.
Bob, get Carrington up here.
Doctor!
We're almost 50 miles out, Doctor.
With your compass deviation, how are you navigating, Captain?
That peak ahead is practically our slack.
And the only reason you don't understand our music is that you don't like it.
You are not a human, you have a human face.

You are a human of God.


You are not human.
You are a human of God.
Ladies and gentlemen, high look, all three down this way.
I'm going to bring out the world's most tattooed man.
I'm going to bring out the giants, the midgets.
I'm going to bring out JoJo, the dog-faced boy.
He neither walks nor talks but creeps and crawls.
We capture...
this boy over in the heart of Madagascar. Wild, ferocious, beast-like human. We keep him in a
cage in here. He eats raw meat. You're going to meet these people out here all free. Now, please,
ladies and gentlemen, move in a little nearer. I'm going to bring out one of the girls,
one of the dancing girls. We brought her over from Hawaii. Do you know where Hawaii is? Way
out in the middle of the Pacific Ocean, where those heathens dance with those grass skirts,
and those skirts sway in the breeze like the palm trees on that island out in the middle of the
ocean. Well, if you don't move in, you can't see that diamond she's got mounted in her big toenail.
You want to see it? Well, move in a little nearer. Look right there. Keep your shoe on now, Gloria,
for just a minute.
I'll have her take the shoe off and show you the diamond in her toenail. But first, I want to tell
you, do you see this big line of paintings all the way down here to my right? This line of
paintings all the way down to my left. Everything you see pictured and painted out here, you're
going to see inside. One ticket takes you all the way through. The price of admission, 25 cents for
you grown folks.
Ten cents for the children. And if you got little bitty ones, pick them up in your arms, carry them on in.
Tote them in as guests to the house. There goes the music. They are dancing in there now. Do you hear that?
They are dancing right now. That's the way we did that one.
Now, I'm gonna end this with a uh I have to end it with this because I'll probably be out of breath,
and maybe even dead by the time I finish. You know those that Westboro Baptist church,
those crazy Christians that hate everybody? God hates fads. God hates America. God hates
servicemen, you know. Those protester people. Well, we've got there's fundamentalist subgeniuses,
and there's we hate them as much as we hate the non- propositions, right


much as the other Christians probably hate
those Westboro Baptist Church but the
brother Freddie of the
Restoros Baptist Church
though he may be insane
can write a hell of a rant
as follows.
Unto the tongue of the
faithful comes
the word of God.
Those with eyes to
see best close
their eyes.
The pipe is
the green.
The pipe
is
the green.
His mighty
teeth shall split
and shatter the
uncovered. His burning
gaze will purify
the sullied
in fire.
Oh Bob
let not thy wrath fall
upon thy faithless.
We paid, we paid,
we paid.
And we will pay again
to know what we think.
My mind
is open Bob.
I have pulled your wool
like George Takai
over mine own
eyes. Fill
me with your slack. Send me
to my saucer that I might
dwell between the
thighs of my personal
sex goddesses.
You may substitute
gods if you fancy.
Crush me into a fine
powder and cut me into
the ounce for thy third
nostril to snort
into eternity where I will
dwell within thee
till the pinks shall
go no more a-pinkin'
till the slack
dries up and the
shit goes down
and we leave the huddled
pinks far below
on the burning ground.
Praise Bob! Praise Bob!
Praise Bob! Praise Starwood!
Praise Wisteria! And praise
all the subgeniuses and
weirdos and everybody else.
What the hell? Except for
that one asshole.
See you in the tea room.
I mean the sales table.
We presented two-headed
babies. Babies that were
born to live.


We didn't say they were
alive. We said that they
were born to live. For how
long we didn't tell them.
These babies were really
made of rubber.
And the exhibit was
placed so that the nurse
in her uniform was visible.
A cradle was visible.
The nurse would rock it.
And you could hear playing
on a record the crying
and wailing of this pitiful
baby with two heads. And the
baby would cry.
This is called Chameleon.
It's about a guy that likes
a girl and so he wants to
become everything that she
would like. So he has to
learn exactly what she
would like. It's called
Chameleon. Most people know
it as the Google you song.
Alright.
You blew into the room.
You filled up my eyes.
They grew to double their size.
Jaw dropped, I was





popping. Such a confident girl
like no other I've seen.
Your stride is flirty and mean.
Hip-hoppin'. You're so good
looking. I gotta make you mine.
My breath you took it. My soul
you set afire. I gotta know
just what you're into. Best
that you like most and where
you've been to. One thing I can
do. I'm gonna Google you. I'm
gonna Google you. I'm gonna Google you.
Time to pay your tab. You
breeze up to the bar. I see the
name on your card. Photographic.
I type it in, un-hit go to see
where your name is found. Looks
like there's one in this town.
Fantastic. I got your number.
I know where you buy shoes. I
bet you wonder. Where do I get
my news? It's all there. Your
banking statements. Basically
does your hair. Your trip to the
game. It's always something
special. I'm gonna Google you.
When I Google you. When I Google
you. I'm gonna Google you.
You'd be surprised to know just
what you can find about a person
if you have enough time. A little
number unlocks a lot. And I found
it. Hooray I found it. Now that I
know just what you want in a man.
I go and remake myself as best as
I can. I'm gonna Google you. I'm



gonna Google you. I'm gonna Google




I'll be complete. So when we meet
you can't resist me. Bet you can't
resist me. Change my wardrobe and
my music. Don't like goatees I can
lose it. Learn to play the blues
if I have time. Fill my iPod up
with Lenny Kravitz. Get my hair
done up like Brad Pitt. Never gonna
quit until you're mine. I'm reading
all that I can. I soak up all that
I read. I'll become all that
you need. Chameleon. Why don't
you take a chance? Come on, give
me an opening. Get me a

I'll be your perfect guy, one in a million.
You got no secrets.
At least none you need to hide from me.
I don't believe it.
Your mother lives right down the street.
I can't wait to get to know you.
Hope you take the baits and things I want to show you.
Up in my computer room, by the light of the cathode ray tube.
And I bet that you'll be flattered too to know I googled you.
Oh, oh, oh.
Da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da.
Oh.
Oh.
Medicine shows of today are just the same as the medicine shows
of 50 or 60 years ago.
When I was a little fella.
They make these beautiful promises.
They guarantee if it isn't satisfactory, your money back.
What do you mean by your money back?
If it isn't satisfactory.
Well, the doctors did the same thing in the old pitch
that they did on the old medicine show wagons.
They carried along entertainment.
Today, television carries entertainment.
They want to bring their sponsor into your home.
So they go out and they hire beautiful,
wonderful singers, wonderful dancers,
big production numbers.
They get Frank Sinatra, Perry Como,
Toothpaste.
Look who they get.
Bob Hope.
And what are they selling?
Toothpaste.
Same old pitch.
Have you ever heard of Hollywood?
Luxe Theater?
Luxe Soap.
It's the same old thing as the whale oil soap,
but it's done in a bigger and better way.
Before, we had little country stores on the corner.
That sold cheese and crackers.
Today, we have big shopping centers with supermarkets.
They're dressed up, more modern,
and that's the way that the sales pitch is made today.
Everything is show business.
You go into a cafeteria, that's show business.
You go in with the intention of buying a cup of coffee,
and before you can reach the coffee,
you walk past, you see a salad,
or a beautiful dessert, or a piece of pie.
So you end up with a sandwich, a piece of pie, a salad,
before you get to your coffee.
You've been sold.
And that's what it is.
It's the good hard sell in a soft way.
And television today does that same thing.
I do it.
I do it every day that I work over at Ringling Brothers Barnum & Bailey Circus.
People come down there, and the least thing that's on their mind
is meeting a giant and buying a ring from him.
But before they leave, if they've got a kid,
I assure you, 90% of them have got that ring and carrying it.
Or the same thing with a midget.
It's a matter of selling and how things are sold, the products.
It's all show business.
You go into a clothing store.
Your wife goes into a dress shop.
She goes in with the intention of buying a dress today
that she's seen advertised for $2.98.
When she gets in, they haven't got her size.
So she ends up with a dress for $9.98.
But she went in with the intention of getting a $2.98 dress.
She came out,
with the large family economy size.
Just a little more money, and she got a better buy.
Hello, friends, and welcome.
The sermon tonight is entitled,
Why Women Are Not Equal.
You heard me right.
Why women are not equal and why they shouldn't be.
Yes, dear friends, it's time for every man to stand up
and state the obvious.
Women are not equals.
They never have been.
They are our superiors.
And though some of them may be too stupid to know it,
they're better than we are.
Now that we hold that truth to be self-evident,
the more sinister question remains.
How did the conspiracy ever convince women otherwise?
We know why the conspiracy did it.
The answer to that one is obvious.
The conspiracy wanted more work slated.
The more work slated, the more slaves.
Throughout history, women have avoided the more painful tasks,
left normally to the lower beast of burdens, like men.
While the man had to go out and hunt saber-toothed tiger
and mammoth elephant, women stayed at home in the cave
and raised the kids.
While man was sent out to fight wars and kill or be killed,
women stayed at home and cried about how pointless war really is.
While man went out to work and earned a few conspiracy dollars,
women stayed at home and decorated the track house.
Oh, sure, it wasn't the vacation to end all vacations.
But it was certainly better than what we got now.
Look what happened.
Now they have to work, whether they want to or not.
It takes both husband and wife to turn the conspiracy treadmill nowadays.
And do they get paid twice as much for their efforts?
Hell no! Not in real dollars.
They may get two salaries, but it's just enough to get on by,
just like it was in the past with only one member of the household working.
But why act surprised?
Do you really think the conspiracy was going to deliver on a promise of a better life?
Ha! That'll be the day.
Let's face it, they'd been snickered.
They traded their children-rearing and housekeeping duties for a career.
And children-rearing and housekeeping duties.
And on top of that, now they're being sent off to die in war.
And don't let the absence of a draft fool you.
When it comes on back, believe you me, it's going to include women, too.
The only thing the conspiracy likes to kill more than men is women and children.
And as soon as they develop an efficient way to breed children in test tubes,
they're going to send them off to war also.
So once again, we're left with that nagging question.
How did they trick women into falling for it?
Well, I'm glad you asked.
Because the conspiracy used several of its most tried-and-true methods of media manipulation to pull it off.
First, they disguised themselves as women.
Any subgenius knows that the most rabid of feminists are really men in drag.
Just look at them. It's obvious.
The conspiracy is a master of disguise.
But there's something about the beauty of it.
The beauty of the female form that even the vast resources of the conspiracy just can't seem to master.
Secondly, the conspiracy used reverse psychology.
It tricked women into thinking that men enjoyed working day in and day out.
And that women are missing out on something like Tom Sawyer.
They pretended they weren't going to allow women to work unless they really fought hard to earn the right.
And by golly, it worked!
With a multi-million dollar media manipulation campaign,
the slave owners were able to convince the overseers that the slaves had a better job than they did.
Just look at all the fun those slaves are having.
Boy, oh girl, don't you wish you could work from sunup to sundown?
Yes, sirree. Those slaves have all the fun.
And we'll never let you have any unless you demand it.
And sure enough, the overseers threw down their catwhips and started working right alongside the slaves.
The conspiracy got two slaves for the price of one.
Now isn't that just like the conspiracy?
Mess up your life and make you grateful at the same time?
Can you believe it?
Most women actually want to be equal to men.
The lowest form of life. And they want equality with it.
They couldn't settle for second worst.
They had to demand dead last.
And in so doing proved what many male chauvinists have suspected for years.
Some women are as stupid as men.
Well, you found out the hard way, didn't you?
There is something worse than purgatory.
It's called conspiracy hell.
And now you know what it feels like.
So do us a favor, will you?
Stop complaining. Don't just sit there.
Get off your duff and help us get out of here!
Here endeth the word of our priest Bob. Amen.
In the olden days, they would have a hideous monstrosity.
Some fellow that unfortunately had had smallpox and his face was pit marked, was bald headed.
And they would put a hideous make up on him and this boy would become Jojo the Dog Face Boy.
Have you seen this strange, unusual boy from the island of Madagascar?
He neither walks nor talks but creeps and crawls like an animal in the jungle.
This young man does not eat his food the same as you and I.
He likes to eat raw meat.
He's in that den, that pit in there with wild, wriggling, slimy snakes.
He's alive. Have you seen him, Jojo the Dog Face Boy?
One ticket takes you all the way through.
And we would have in those days what we called a grunt.
Do you know what a grunt is on the front of one of those shows?
It is similar to a tom-tom with a string and you would take a little piece of cloth with rosin on it and pull it.
You'd get a . That's him in there now.
And we'd have this grunt going and they'd say,
That's Jojo the Dog Face Boy. Have you seen him?
You don't do those things today.
You will pay for your centipedes.
He didn't order that.
Get out and stop that grunt.
That's a grunt.
The grunt is there.
How is this thing going?
He's in that den.

He's alive. Have you seen him?
You don't do those things today.



You'd get a little piece of cloth with rosin on it and pull it.
We will hurl the centipedes at you.
We will hurl the centipedes at you.
And your centipedes are ready, sir.
That was the Amino Acids, who will be performing at X Day Festival, 17X Day, which starts very soon.
And, yeah, Monday week, in fact, the world starts to end.
The song.
We heard the Google You song.
I mean, Chameleon was by St. Andrew the Impaled, who I believe is also going to be performing at 17X Day.
Friday and Saturday, I believe.
Most of the main bands.
And the preacher we heard, well, the preacher talking about women's was Papa Joe Mama, the great father Joe Mama.
That tape is probably 15 years old almost.
And our special.
Guest thing tonight.
I got this wonderful CD of a tape.
The guy talking about carnival stuff was Nate Eagle.
Nate Eagle, the carny talker who worked from the 1930s to the 60s.
And in 1958, a producer named John Simon recorded Nate Eagle.
They never did do an album.
I don't know the name of it exactly.
But in 1970, one of the Fireside Theater got a copy of this thing.
And then in 2014, our friend Reverend Taylor Jessen, who is kind of a Fireside Theater archivist, got his mitts on it and copied it and sent it to us and probably others.
I've been puzzling evidence to play with some of that.
Right this second.
So.
So, yes, that was a wonderful Nate Eagle.
There'll be more of that next week.
Praise Taylor Jessen.
Oh, and it looks like someone's trying to call in.
Who could that be?
Who could that be calling in?
Yeah, I'd imagine who that might be.
Hello?
Oh, hello?
Is this the great God Horace Nervous?
Close enough.
Can you?
Something like that.
I hear the sound of a distant.
Horn that makes me think somebody.
Never mind.
That's burning, man.
You can hear they got their sound system turning up really loud.
You can hear it all the way over here.
Well, the horn that I'm hearing right now is louder than the actual horn that's on the television set across the street.
Well, that's an air raid horn.
I think you're hearing this time.
The ear aid.
I don't need one of those yet.
Oh, my God.
The air raid.
I think we all need the ear aid so that we can hear the air raid siren.
Really?
They're supposed to be loud enough to break glass and pummel stone.
Meanwhile, during the hailstorm, some of the panes in glass in my house were broke.
No.
Yes.
No.
Yes.
God is punishing you, Dave.
I know.
I tried so hard.
I put weird little funny things on the door and everything, so he keep going.
But he.
He's like, oh, you're not going to be able to hear me.
I'm like, is it the Lord or you think maybe it's some Elvis impersonator I used to know.
You actually got damage from an act of God.
Hail.
They said you were going to.
They said it was going to hail.
They said the whole country is going to hail.
Did you experience any hail damage like some other people were?
Some other people I know said that they counted 32 dings in their cars.
I don't think we.
I don't think we got any of that because we're protected by the charms and hexes on the funny things on our door, which are all Dobbs approved, you see.
And we have that.
Yes, we have that.
That protects one's house.
That.
That?
Yes, we have that.
I have that.
Do you have children?
I have a small colony.
I'm raising.
We are from Brazil.
We are doctors.
On the border?
Do you have that?
I have that.
I have that.
I have that.






That protects my house.
That.
It's that.
The original that is a school picture of Dr. G. Gordon Gordon during the time when he was pretending to be a school teacher.
And he looks kind of.
He looks kind of ticked off like I hurry up and get this over with.
By the way, that was G. Gordon Gordon at the very top of the show talking about the.
When was the last time you had a big old steaming pipe bowl of God's town?
So, uh.
Well, it is delicious when you think about it.
And that is a reminder to young and old alike to dip down deep where it doesn't count and come up strong for dogs down by buying plenty of it.
If it's possible to buy out there and stay out there.
I know.
I look forward to tucking into a bowl of dogs.
I'm trying to learn how to do that.
But anytime.
I even stay.
Yeah.
I even stay.
Yeah.
As long as I'm coming.
Yeah.

Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.












It's really hard on your jaw.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, it is.
It's like.
It's like a Mexican standoff or something with your epiglottis.
And that's.
That's why I think that.
Well, never mind.
I don't want to change the subject.
I'm going to change the subject to the same subject of this show next week.
Now, at WCSB next week, Dr.
Howell will be here for all three hours of Sunday.
Which will be.
One of the greatest extemporaneizers in the life throughout the United in the world.
Right.
And we would love to jam you guys head to head now.
But but the Internet listeners won't be hearing that show next week.
They're going to hear a rerun of an old show that we did back in 2003.
The hour of sight number 828 or ESO radio number.
And it was during the war, the same war that's still going on.
And aside from the name of the president, everything is almost exactly the same.
It was the princess.
We and I were listening to it to make sure it was OK.
And I might as well have been done yesterday.
It's a terrible shame.
Yes, I've been thinking about the same thing.
I've been thinking about perpetual war.
And what a wonderful, wonderful way it is to raise kids.
Just think of it.
Many of them now may reach the age of their majority or something like that at a time when there's always been a war in Iraq.
And that's it.
Well, and the funny thing on this show from 2003, we remark upon the fact that we're still talking about Saddam Hussein and we're still talking about Bush.
But it's years later from the other Bush that we used to and Saddam Hussein that we talked about.
It's because it was the Kuwait war.
Before that.
Oh, my God.
Of course.
How could I forget?
Right.
So, you know, there's like been this continuity.
Now, that corpse was even.
Yeah.
Afghanistan was going on then, too.
But that wasn't the Star War, as George Lucas might call it.
Yeah.
This war has got all kinds of a cult going.
Only now J.J.
Panther is directing the new Star Wars movie and Star Trek.
They're going to mash them together.
And it'll be like Luke Skywalker.
Versus Captain Kirk.
Darth Vader versus Spock.
With a script by Alistair Crowley's grandson.
How do you know that?
That was supposed to be secret.
Well, all the secrets shall be known.
Beops.
Psyops.
Everywhere we look.
I've got a story to tell you about that.
Go ahead and finish what you were saying.
Well, I kind of ran into a cliff there.
Because I had.
Three cool things I was thinking about saying.
And I forgot all of them.
So I quit in favor of the next round of exponentially gathered fuel.
Well, it's about Psyops.
And it's a true story.
Princess, we and I were.
Went out for.
Started to go out for a walk a couple of days ago.
And we noticed that our street had a caravan of cars on it.
Going slowly to the end.
All in one direction.
Going.
To the end of the street.
And turning left.
And all of them.
And then I noticed that.
Three cars in a row went by that were all the same model of Mazda.
They were different colors.
And I thought.
That's it.
It's FBI, CIA, NSA.
Obama minions.
Spying on us.
And we went walking down the street.
In the same direction.
And I realized.
Well, yeah.
They just slowly drive past us.
And record.
Record snippets of our conversation.
And then they concatenate all of those.
So that Obama can hear.
Listen to us.
And find out how much we know.
Yeah, he does it personally too.
He sits up in the Oval Office.
Oh, but that wasn't how it started.
That was just.
That was just.
And I'm only getting started here, Dave.
In the paranoia.
I'm listening, man.
I'm listening.
The day before that.
What prompted all this.
Was that.
I.
I tattled on the scrub genius news group.
That the day before.
We'd noticed the Google Earth cars.
Driving past us.
Slowly on our block.
And then down on our other block.
With their octagonal camera.
Mounted.
Yeah, this radial.
Four or five feet above the.
Eight eyed camera display.
Yes.
They were Obama's spy cars.
That they say he.
You know, he took over Google.
Google's trying to take over the Earth.
Obama took over Google.
And used them to spy on us.
Okay.
And I reported that to the subgeniuses.
Well, that.
Really ticked off Obama.
And.
And on top of that.
Our friend, Mr.
Sister.
Who's not an Obama fan.
Somehow had gotten hold of a.
A photograph of Obama eating his nightly puppy.
That he eats every night.
Yeah.
It was a kind of.
Yeah.
Somebody put a.
Fun.
Funny.
A caption on it.
That said the media loves Obama so much.
That if he ate a puppy.
They'd report it as.
He's saving.
Yeah.
The cats of the world.
Well, anyway.
So.
So we.
We.
Had.
Tattled on.
The Obama Google connection.
Spying on us personally.
And Mr.
Sister had revealed this classified photograph.
That he wasn't supposed to have.
Actually, some bus boy took it.
And.
So.
We come out of our house.
And here's this caravan of spy cars.
And we thought.
How did they.
What are they?
They must have made an excuse.
Like blocking off the end of the road up there.
So they'd come down our street.
And that would cover.
Make a cover for the spy cars that were spying on us.
Since we'd already broken the Google code.
Right.
So.
We.
Head around the corner up to.
We started worrying.
Hey.
Maybe they're after Mr.
Sister too.
Because he posted that photograph.
And sure enough.
They had his house.
Ringed with.
With cop cars.
Cleveland Bluff police cars.
Sure.
They were.





They were everywhere.
Now they had a prop bicycle.
And a staged accident.
And the story was that an idiot had run a light on his bicycle.
Not looking anywhere.
And these poe buggers hit him.
And we even saw the poe bucker girl walking around trying to get her keys back from the
car.
Cops.
And so forth.
But meanwhile.
Then we.
We were really worried.
We tried to call Mr. Sister's house.
Worrying that the feds were after him.
And spying on us.
He wasn't there.
He didn't answer the phone.

the phone. So we later found out that they had timed this to happen when he was gone. Yes. So
that they could, you know, cordon off his house, go in there, copy all of his hard drives, plant
bugs everywhere. And of course they already planned bugs in our house disguised as bugs.
You know, they look like ants. Right. But we know what's going on. So, and then I got, okay,
I thought Google trucks, fake accidents. What next? Drones. And sure enough, I looked up
out my window and they look like birds, but come on. I know a bro. I've been around
a long time and I, I know a robot. I, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, a robot bird. When I see
there's just something off about the bird. You can just tell it's a robot bird. It's not a real
bird. And you Dave,
probably are being surveilled as well behind the veil.
Well, I was just going to add to that because you did, that did bring out one of the things I
wanted to say, but then I suppressed it because this is real. Unlike much of your story, this
one guy got really mad and informed me that Obama does not own Google. That's a capitalism thing.
And he got really mad. I said, well, actually I was sort of making fun. And he goes,
you know what? I'm not doing that. I'm not, I'm not doing that. And I said, well, I'm not doing
that. I'm not doing that. And he goes, well, actually, I was sort of making fun. And he goes, you
You shouldn't say things like that about the president because the, you know, the evildoers are already bad mouthing him enough.
What a humorless jerk.
So, well, he raged with Reverend Craig, we call him.
Go ahead.
Did you actually see any of this stuff that you, you know, this.
I've got photographs.
You look at Scrub Genius and there's pictures of the intersection with the cops there and the fake bike accident.
Yes.
And there's a cop.
Dr. Legume was there working for the cops.
We fully documented the entire.
Remember the cop we saw?
It looked like Legume, only he didn't have the tattoos.
Yes.
Guess what?
Those tattoos were done with a marker.
He can remove.
He puts those on, takes them off every day.
I see.
That was Legume working for the cops.
So even, you know, the conspiracy goes deep.
And the cops, of course, are working for Obama minions and Obama minions working for Obama.
And Obama is working for the Illuminati.
And the Illuminati is working for the conspiracy.
And the conspiracy is working for Jehovah One, the alien space god from corporate sin galaxy, as everyone knows.
Which makes it one hell of a lot more sensitive.
Stop snoring, sleeper.
Think of it now.
Think of it now as a relapse, a form of cultural relapse.
That's what the church always deals with.
However, I did want to interject the one thing I saw.
A military vehicle.
Like one of those Humvee things.
Yeah.
Fully different.
And it wasn't American.
I mean, it didn't look.
There was nothing American.
But it did have the kind of, you know, the sand desert camouflage look going and stuff like that.
And it was just going down the road.
Down an Ohio road.
As if, you know, hi.
Like it was on a great little plane.
The invaders from Canada are rolling in.
And the Ohioans don't even notice.
They don't care.
Oh, hi.
Welcome.
Our new Canadian overlords.
Overlords.
Well, when you think about it, the Canadians could quite easily become overlords and take over.
And especially since I actually did see a kind of foreign looking military vehicle.
Humvee, but armed, you know, like gun type arm and stuff like that.
Just like la, la, la, la, la.
There's a car maybe 20 lengths behind it.
And oddly.
Only two lengths ahead of it.
It wasn't in pursuit of these other two cars.
But it was just like, I'm going to go.
This is lunch right now.
But where did he where did he come from?
And where was he going to lunch?
And what was he doing that for?
Well, you know, one thing we know, they don't have to pay for their lunch.
Armed like that.
But now there's cop police.
Oh, you mean because of the weapons?
But, you know, in the U.S. military, yeah, they do have to buy McDonald's with their food stamps.
Now, I'm sorry.
But I have read that some police departments are using military type vehicles now and it scares the populace.
The cop, this one cop reported that the citizens were saying, have you come to take away our guns?
Yes, then by criminy, they are introducing it out in the hick sticks.
Because this is the first time they've seen them in many a year.
Well, but not on the way to a very safe relationship.
The Ashtabula Police Department couldn't afford that kind of stuff.
Well, no, they couldn't.
The Sheriff's Department, they get their LIEU regulars, I guess.
The regular money they get from the government spying on people, you know.
The LIEU money?
The ZEN baboon, you know, the whole 20,000 meters worth of it.
Encapsulated into one stupid, stupid bag.



Stupid idea, you know, just think about it.
I can't.
I know.
There's a rule against that, I think.
I know, there's this big halt, halting, you know, like written in German and stuff.
And you hear the whole Vincenzo Hero music going on in the background.
Well, you know, just because we don't feel paranoid doesn't mean that we're not being spied upon.
Just because we don't feel paranoid.
It doesn't seem like schizophrenics.
Doesn't mean we're not really schizophrenics.
Right.
Well, who cares at this point, you know?
What's the difference?
Oh, many of the great leaders of your Al-Qaeda type networks, like Abdul Personality, or guys like that.
Abdul Personality, and yeah.
Yeah, man, there's that new police force called the Cult of ISIS that's taking over the Middle East now, of the ISIS worshippers.
I was watching her at the strip club every week, and next thing I know she's...
Huh, what?
Huh?
What?
Did Dave just disappear?
I don't know.
We're asking...
Did the lonesome cowboy go off into Calpasture?
For a repatriation.
He's going to play, but he's not coming back with anything.
Lone cow?
Look, there he's gone.
Well, I guess he'll call back in a second.
Or maybe he didn't pay for his...
He didn't buy new minutes for his phone.
That would be tragic.
No, no, no, no.
Although, actually, I do have lots of stuff I can play, as always, because we're always ready for something terrible to happen to Dave.
You know?
We come in doing these shows expecting to do Dave after the first 20 minutes, but we're always ready.
Oh, there he is.
I'm not expecting something terrible to happen to Dave.
Hello, hello.
Well, once again, it's the retroactive Soviets doing their tricks.
Oh, man.
That's why I was thinking that just recently I've noticed in phone books and in the culinary records and stuff like that, especially ones about small dogs and everything.
There was this article about how now...
The new name, the favorite new name of mothers-to-be and fathers-to-be and stuff of their children is Winston Smith.
You know...
He was the original ESL guy, wasn't he?
Well, he was also a collage artist who did a lot of covers for the Dead Kennedys and the Church of the Subgenius.
He has a lot of work in our book, Revelation X, which has been published.
He's, of course, been censored by the government.
I'm a huge fan.
Yeah, Winston Smith.
He was the star of 1984, and then he was a collage punk artist, and now he's everybody's grandson.
King of collage.
Well, why would they...
You know, I...
It's weird how...
People named Smith.
You know, it works now.
I have a thing about people named Smith.
You have a book called People Named Smith.
Yeah, I do.
Actually, by H. Allen Smith.
It's quite interesting.
And...
Well, I thought it was by H. L. Hunt, the oil tycoon.
Did you say that was your great-great-grandpappy or something?
No.
No.
Oh, okay.
Forget that.
No, not H. L. Hunt.
No, my great-great-great-great-great-great-granduncle, though, was a Dixie demagogue named Senator Cotton Ed Smith.
He was a copperhead, right?
Or it was a...
A cottonhead.
He was a Rosicrucian poet, I think.
No?
He was in the Senate for a long, long time, because his constituents, the South Carolina
cotton farmers, liked him, because whenever the prices were high, he took credit, and
whenever the cotton prices were low, he blamed those people.
So, you know, so they...
His people liked him.
And all of his descendants were alcoholic suicides, as far as I know.
Just about all of them, yeah.
That was a different branch of Pappy's family.
Not before they brought another generation in.
Then they committed suicide.
Yeah.
Not the night before they were in wedlock.
Or conceived.
Well, it's all pretty scary.
That is.
Yep.
I guess it's just the .
You know, I see them with their rhinoplasty, and their red, red eyes, and their baboon
teeth.
I hate to reiterate.
Those are expensive.
And, you know, that costs extra.
Yeah.
And the maintenance goes on forever and ever, much like the police cars and stuff.
You have to keep on driving them around so you get the stipend to drive them around.
And then never mind.
It's all show business, like Nate Eagle was saying.
No, like I say.
Oh, it's all show business.
It's all bluff.
Thought it was done with smoke and mirrors.
That too.
Yep.
That too.
The whole tale of the entire globe.
The whole tale of the entire global dog is wagging, and we're the waggies.
You're such a wag, Dave.
What a wit and a wag he is.
I think of people with deformities.
I spilled some beer.
Do you have a wag?
Yeah.
Every time I hear that weird, instead of hearing the right thing,
I think of a person with a tongue deformity.
And more unusual growths on his epiglottis that give off sickness.
You know?
Like Elmer Fudd.
Yeah.
Elmer Fudd had that tongue deformity.
We met Elmer Fudd in person.
We did.
He's retired from show biz, and he runs a little repair shop on Probability Pasture Road.
Yes.
In V&A Level C.
Yes.
Not far from us.
And we took a fan to get it, and it cost about $100 to get the super fancy fan repaired.
And now it's just like it was before we took it to him.
Again.
When I was a young, violent teenager,
there was an insurance agency whose first name was Elmer J.
And his last name was Fudd.
I won't say the actual name, but all you had to do was replace two letters,
and it was Elmer J. Fudd.
And we were going to further deface the sign by saying, you know,
Warner Brothers cartoon stuff.
Anyway, I'm sorry I mentioned it.
Right.
Well, that's Fudd's law.
Yes.
Everyone has to.
By Fudd's law.
Yes.
I don't remember what that law is, unfortunately.
Well, it's the 29th law of thermodynamics.
I don't know if it has to do with heat law.
Action can neither be created nor destroyed.
In a closed system.
But there are no closed systems except for Earth's atmosphere.
What part of E equals MC squared don't you understand?
If you don't really know the answer, you can always Fudd it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's where that comes from.
From Fudd-ing the answers.
That's what you devote most of your time to, isn't it, Stangy?
Yeah.
You sit up there in your high epilepsy in your castle,
dreaming up silly stuff to try and confuse modern teenagers and young adults
and make their minds all twisted and warped, just like yours.
Well, that's it, man.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Oh, it's okay, Dave.
Fudd them if they can't.
Take a joke.
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen.
I'd like to accept this award on behalf of the Bursar's Here.
It's a mental society for effective children
and also Reverend Tim, who helps with the laundromat
and many of the small children who can't find their way.
So let's begin right now with kicking the ball as far as we can.
Isn't that kind of mean to the ball to kick it?
No, that's what balls live for.
Oh.
Wait a minute.
I didn't say that.
I didn't say that.
Are you guys making fun of me?
Listen to that cackle.
Well, thanks for making me laugh.
I needed it real bad.
Well, Dr. Sinister, who comes in to do the show after us,
is going to be very sad because...
The delay dump button has a note taped to it.
It says, dump button is sticking.
Busted.
Be careful.
That's inappropriate.
I wish I knew what the hell you're talking about.
It's a technical thing.
It's a radio technical thing.
That means he can't censor when the people call in and say bad words.
He can't dump them.
He has no button to push.
And you know, when you push the button at WCSB for the last 50 years,
it always has said the same...
You hear this guitar riff and then this guy going,
Inappropriate!
You're familiar with that, right?
Yes, yes, yes.
Yeah.
The people...
The other stations that play Hour of Slack don't get to hear that
because I do my dumping in a different way
in the excrementation chamber at home.
That's how I...
Erase the bad words from this show.
Here, listen.
Watch me do it.
See, how's that?
You didn't hear anything, did you?
I just edited it perfectly right there on the beat.
And that was horrible of you to do that.
It's like magic, isn't it?
It's easy if there's no background music,
but if there's background music, you've got to cut on the beat.
You've got to find scissor space.
And then dump on it right there.
Scissor space.
Oh, my God.
Those words are from the 1980s, Stan.
Why don't you...
They are.
They are.
That was when you had to splice tape with scissors.
I know.
And they had little razor blades
and those things that you had to connect to your nose hairs.
I was the guy who had to do that.
I used to edit stuff with razor blades and tape and scissors and reels and...
Oh, how we...
You wake up in the morning with pieces of celluloid in your ears and your eyes.
It's terrible.
We treasure those terms, those antiquated terms, don't we?
I do, too.
I've been thinking about antiquated terms.
I've been thinking about antiquated terms lately, too.
I was thinking about how two cultures coexist, north and south,
even in tiny parts of the north and south.
It's really stupid.
Right, right.
Within Ohio, there's Yankees and Southerners.
And it's like the Southern Ohioists are real Southerners.
They sound just like deep South Southerners almost.
But then in Kentucky, northern Kentucky is full of posh-sounding, pompous Yankees.
And southern Kentucky, they're all pompous.
They're all buckers.
But then in northern Tennessee, they all sound like posh, rich people.
And then in southern Tennessee, they sound like me.
Reverend Stang, I think you're pulling all of our legs.
No, it is.
No, you're by pulling.
Don't worry about it.
North Cleveland is where the rich people live at the bottom of the lake.
And South Cleveland is all the part we can see, right?
The part that's above ground is South Cleveland.
And it's all poor people.
You are absolutely right.
The rich people live...
Ironically enough, in palaces under the salt mines under the lake.
Yes, not only ironically, but erotically too.
That's the thing that charges me up about the whole condensed idea of a huge colony of people,
super swine bluebloods, living in the salt mines under the lake.
Down there with the Dunkleosteus.
I think about it every night.
I'm sorry, what?
Down there with the Dunkleosteus.
We're all D-Rows.
Fossils.
Yes, with the Dunkleosteus fossils.
Fossils and the D-Rows.
Those are the hollow earth hell creatures.
Yes.
We're all D-Row.
Now it can be told.
So then you're saying these are trans-Hungarian, proto-Amalekites or Stupendous or something?
What are they then?
Well, they're just basically they're rich people, but they're fiendish hollow earth denizens.
Yes.
You know how Gollum started out as just a hobbit and then he got greedy and then the ring got him.
He turned into like a goblin monster.
That's what happens to the rich people if they're that rich, the super rich.
I'm not talking about the 1%.
I'm talking about the .001%.
They've been rich for generations and so they become.
Well, the other term for them is Morlocks.
I've seen Morlocks playing tennis and sipping some kind of expensive drink by a pool.
Right.
But the super rich don't even.
Care for that stuff anymore, do they?
I guess they're something else entirely.
Well, their kick is eating human flesh.
Poor people.
They eat the poor thing.
It's not a joke with them.
Well, that means that we have to keep breeding to keep on providing them with flesh.
You know what that means?
We're going to have lots of kids because it's fun.
You know how Babby is formed?
It's fun.
It's real fun.
So let's go form a Babby, Princess Lee.
I just found out how Babby is formed.
That was an old one, too.
That's an ancient.
God, we're so old.
See, to me, that's like yesterday.
All your base are belong to us.
It was just yesterday.
It was actually 2001.
Goodness.
13 years ago was yesterday.
Theater reductionism.
The theater of reduction.
That's how that works out.
Just think of it.
You just add five and five.
That's your decimal system.
But if you add four and five, that's the noventry system.
Noventy.
Dave, I have a tape I wanted to play about UFOs.
UFO.
But I don't have the guy's name.
Forget it.
I honestly can't.
I didn't.
I don't have the name of the person who edited this.
It's a guy talking about UFOs.
And since next week, the world ends at X-Day.
I guess I can just play it next week.
Oh, well.
Yeah.
Screw him.
Screw him.
Presto chango.
Yeah.
Preston changing.
Yeah.
It's a wild horizon that we're facing when you think about it.
I mean, the elliptical orbit now, the way it's bad as it's getting and everything,
and how the newspapers are all controlled by...
The internet.
By the internet, which is controlled by, you know, who you were talking about earlier.
Right.
Which is controlled, and ultimately, to the Morlocks in the basement.
Right.
But that isn't where I wanted to go.
I was trying to warn us from going over the precipice of something.
Now, you don't want to get turned into one of those kooks who sees a Republican under every bed.
Oh, yep, I do.
Chicken hiding under every pot.
Oh, yep, I do.
And a homeless hobo inside.
I had every car in the garage sleeping.
These are all real things, though.
I know, I know.
Hobos.
I drove up to my house one time, and there was a hobo sleeping in a mystery car in my driveway.
And I snuck up on him and woke him up real fast like I was real tough and scary.
But actually, I was scared to death.
And he was so scared.
He said, please don't call the police.
I'm a drunk.
I had a friend.
I used to live here.
And I just came here to pass out for a while.
Please don't call the police.
And I didn't.
I pushed him and his car down into the river.
But I didn't call the police.
And it went into a tree before it went into the river.
And then it was gone the next day.
I didn't worry about it.
Well, you know, you're boasting of superhuman strength and benevolence at the same time.
He threw his car in the river.
No, it was a steep hill.
I just pushed, gave it a little push.
He screamed.
He took it out of park and what?
He kept trying.
He was in the back seat sleeping.
He was scrambling to get in the front seat so he could pull the emergency brake before he went into the river.
But he hit a tree first.
You know, I wish I could say that this was all true.
And it is.
But it's two different stories.
It was my car that went down by the river.
Are you mashing stories together again, Reverend Stokes?
I'm mashing.
It sounds like the old brain rot radio.
It's a little bit of a theater commercial helping hand grenades.
While you're boasting of helping out the homeless and the needy at the same time, you're committing actual cruelty on the person as a joke.
I personally think that you should explain yourself and go into it further because I'm enjoying it.
I just think that people who might possibly be interested in a wild, bright, new, fresh horizon, they might be interested in the Starwood Festival.
That's bright.
Bright, new, fresh, and wild.
Right.
And it'll take place on my escape vessel when the world ends.
Our escape vessel, dear.
Yeah, but we need to know something else might happen.
On the Stang vessel.
Anything is liable to happen.
Oh, well, well, well.
No, no, no, no.
Stang's mind will change from second to second.
You've been in a room with a bunch of Morlock-looking hot ladies.
Next thing you know, you're in a room with a bunch of hot ladies.




And one of these weird amoeba dinosaurs is always looking at you through the microscopes.
And then beyond that, who knows what could happen?
The curtains could start pulsating and the...
I'm going to be thinking about Morlock's ladies all night.
I just realized I've never seen a female Morlock.
Morlock.
Morlock.
Marlisa, they call them.
They have blue skin.
They're kind of crushed.
No, no.
Blue.
In pallor.
Dave, the show is over.
And they are listening to...
Oh, I want to go into nuclear curtains and all that stuff.
Okay.
Well, you've got to look at your watch every now and then.
A boot tip.
I'm going to watch the clock.
Subgenius.com is where the show just fell into this...
That's a weird little puddle of static.
Yes, that was a weird puddle of static.
Splashy and messy.
The music has been by Sia Ba.
Or C-E-I-B-A, however that's pronounced.
And Code 4.
A recorded Burning Man.
I think I got those from Chaz.
I don't...
I mean, it's a copy.
I don't know the details.
But I do know the details of Subgenius.com,
where you can learn everything about this show,
the Church of the Subgenius,
our books, our campouts, our festivals,
including the two that are coming right up
starting next Monday week,
X-Day and Starwood.
We've heard some recordings.
We'll be doing those tonight.
And Dave, I have to kiss you goodbye now.
I'll be dreaming of those pork shoulder sandwiches
in the eye sockets.
That was a little Yeti kiss
you just heard, friends.
And I guess I have to pull out...
pull it out.
Rip it out.
Rip it out.
Then I will let the psycho...
skeletons take us out.
This is a power tune called
Power Trip,
dear friends.
The Psycho Skeletons
from SoundClick.com.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm not sure if this thing is gonna explode,
but I'm sad.
Oh, yeah.

I'm sorry.

I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Friends, we're glad you listened to this show
and we're even more glad that some listeners
have donated enough to help us keep on going
for another couple of months.
Not just this show, but subgenius.com
and all the other archive sites.
But if you truly love Bob
and want some of that slack back to rebound to you,
you should go to subgenius.com front page
or especially the radio page
or the catalog store pages
and help out financially as best you can.
Now, we know what it's like
to be on the brink of total poverty
and we don't want any subgeniuses
to make their own situations worse.
But some of you still have jobs.
Even five bucks makes a big difference,
even if it's only once a month from enough of you.
Fifty bucks makes an even bigger difference.
All we're saying is that
blowjobs could go the way of Steve jobs
if you don't pay Dobbs.
We also take checks and money orders
and we're not going to be able to
listen to Arab access.













show続 ,



subgenius foundation
PL box 18141 7 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 4411 8
Thanks for anything
you can do
To help.
Let there be slack.
0 kaf allow red toy in the mini holidayших review video,

