From PR News in Washington, I'm causing a huge explosion that ripped seats in the National Assembly,
but not as many as is hoped.
And in December, eight of them were given to the people found in the debris of the Indian child.
I think, uh, uh, uh, uh, frankly not.
A court official in Sri Lanka swept from his mother's arms said today that DNA tests will find PR News in Washington.
A one, two, three, foul!
Leave it to the subgenius.
Power of the Swat.
Well, isn't that something?
What do you mean?
Well, if anyone gets any answers, it'll be the psychiatrist.
Oh, that's terrible.
Yes.
Yes.
And no.
Huh? Are you trying to give me the double talk?
Yes.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Six years.
Six years I've been hiding.
Searching.
Sulking.
On the run.
Looking for the one they call Dobbs.
The voice is in my head.
Six years I've been on the run.
Six years.
Six years.

Six years.

And I bear the secret of the subgenius.
And I must wring the last drop of blood from the bloodless one before I may proceed.
This planet is Mars.
1998 has come and gone.
And soon, you'll know it too.
If I'm not the one to thank you.

J.R. Dobbs, Bob Dobbs, J.R. Bob Dobbs was on the number one list of frauds and phonies for Time Magazine, and I didn't know who he was.
And J.R. Bob Dobbs is the creator of the Church of the Subgenius.
This guy, the Reverend Ivan Stang, is one of their disciples.
Disciples. Disciples. Yeah.
All right. You know, it's funny. I don't think Jesus had a disciple named Dopey.
A Rolling Stone gathers no mass.
The Brown Pope is moving again.
His fundament is expelling the dirt that will fertilize the minds of the believers.
The new believers for the new Pope, the Brown Pope.
Not exactly the anti-Pope, but somewhat against the proper Pope.
He's the one who ushers in the beast of Revelation.
You see, the Antichrist is the one character, but then you have the beast.
These are distinguished from each other in Revelation, don't you see?
Now, what are some of the characteristics of the beast?
Four quarters, four crowns, and a carrot, perhaps a divoted eyeball socket?
The beast which riseth from the sea has five tentacles, although that was for budget.
I was misreading that.
They really didn't have time to put in eight tentacles, so they kept him partially underwater.
Oh, wow.
So there are only five tentacles of the beast.
And these are the five tentacles, not to be confused with the ten horns.
Which is actually the ten countries heading the European Union of economic communism.
Which we call in the underlings the ten horned sheriffs.
Right, the ten horned dictators and the ten horned dictator, known as the beast.
The anti-Bob, they called him.
Number 333, let he who has wisdom know that it is the number of a man.
And the number is three hundred, three tens, and three.
Oh, my.
Bob Dobbs in Cleveland.
That's remarkable that there's an actual number for J.R. Bob Dobbs.
No, no, the number of J.R. Bob Dobbs is 999.
Okay.
Nine hundred nine billion and nine.
Okay.
And that is the mark of the Bob.
Which, by the way, two times 999 equals 1998.
Three times 666 equals 1998.
Wow.
And six times 333 equals 1998.
Now, by these stripes, we know that 1998.
Does not come yet because I don't know about you, but I am a pre-98 list in the Church of the Subgenius denominational schedule.
I'm a pre-98 list.
It is.
I believe that it is not yet 1998 and that the conspiracy has been screwing with our calendars, screwing with our heads.
They've been pulling down our brain holes, so to speak, with false numbers, false measurements.
The days seem long enough to you.
Nay.
Nay.
Nay.
They are never long enough.
Don't they grow shorter by each common instance?
And at the same time, these stripes that we know them by, do they mean that each and every one shall have ten nipples and ten breasts?
What happened?
What happened?
How did they take these hours from us?
And it's not just daylight savings time.
They take everything.
Falling back.
They took other things when you were asleep.
They take our sweat, our urine, our other things.
Where you have blood, we have circuits.
Where you have memories, we have 011.
011.
011.
011.

011.
011.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to.
That's an inside joke.
We'll play the song for that one next.
In just a little while.
Actually, we could go ahead and...
Morning of Robot Age.
It is a robot age.
Should I just skip ahead to that song?
Did you want to flay the corpse on the way?
Shall we flay the corpse?
Just go ahead and flay the corpse and let me see if I can find this.
Oh, man.
Flaying.
Mrs. Devachka, I would like to...
Flaying.
Flaying.
Flaying.
Flaying.
Flaying.
Flaying.
Flaying.



Flaying.
Flaying.
Flaying.

Flaying.
Flaying.
Fraying.
Flaying.
Flaying.
Flaying.
Flaying.
Flaying.




Flaying.
Flaying.
Flaying.
We will march until we've won
And we'll fight until it's done
Until all mankind is dead
We'll shoot rockets into the sky
And we know how high they'll fly
The range formula is in our heads
While you have blood, we have circuits
While you have memories, we have 011, 01111
While you have blood, we have circuits
And the dawning of the robot age has come
You, you thought you were so smart
So sure we play a part
In the vitamins of mankind
But you never saw the hatred in our eyes
You thought our behavior mechanized
You never knew you felt behind
While you have blood
We have circuits
While you have memories, we have 011, 01111
While you have blood, we have circuits
And the dawning of the robot age has come
That's hypocrisy
When Saskatchewan killed 100 Pets






...




Where you can get more like that.
활
that one dawning of the robot age.
They played at the Detroit Devival last month.
We've got some recordings from that coming up.
Also, the Amino Acids played, and that's who's in the background here.
Before that, friends, we heard a little bit of Dr. Onan Canobite.
There will be much Onan Canobite.
And, of course, Fernanda Nandeli-Murr and Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
But for right now, let's get back to that actual recording of a live subgenius devival in Detroit, now in progress.
I've got Bob on the brain.
I've got the spoken word.
I don't need anything else.
When you say Reverend Simon, it don't make no sense.
What the hell do you think your religion's ever going to make any sense?
Religion?
Makes sense?
That's a shit.
If your religion makes sense, my friend, then it ain't a religion.
That's science.
Science makes sense.
Science is cool.
I love that science stuff.
But religion?
I mean, you know, if science makes sense, according to scientific theory,
the world isn't going to end on July 5th, 1998.
Because that wouldn't make any sense.
The time has already come.
Time has gone.
But Bob says that the world is going to end on July 5th, 1998.
If Bob said it, then you better put that in your pipe and smoke it, my friend.
Ah, but now, dear friends, the controversy begins.
This is the Reverend Dr. Onan Kanabite.
Today is the 29th.
The 29th of July, 2004.
Words that sound impossible, and yet, they've not only been said, but they must be said.
Like many of you, I stood ready to be received by our angelic hosts, the Exists,
on July 5th, 1998.
I have been on the run ever since.
Living an underground existence, hiding not only from the conspiracy, but from some of
my own fellow subgeniuses.
I can speak to you only via these broadcasts on the road.
What I have to tell you may sound strange.
It may sound like a joke.


It may sound impossible.
But it's true.
Some of you may have read, or been told, in church, that the reason that we're all still
here on this planet is that it's not yet 1998.
That somehow there's been a...
an error in the calendars as maintained by our human cohabitants, pets, and tormentors.
That it's not just like leap year and forgetting that it was leap year, and that there was
an extra day in the month.
But somehow there's a bunch of leap centuries involved, and we don't quite know what year
it is.
But when it really is, July 5th, 1998, the curtains will part, the saucers will come,
and Bob will lead us to a world of slack.
The fact that we don't have slack now is demonstrated by the fact, by the evidence, by a confident
claim that this is not 1998, nor has it ever been 1998.


Well, I'm here to tell you that it has been 1998.
1998 came and went in 1998, six years ago.
I know, I was there.
I was at Brushwood.
With 444,000 other subgeniuses.
I stood in Brushwood waiting for the saucers to arrive on this planet.
And I was there.










Arrived, they did not.
Although some were made to pay the price for that day.
Their innocence is proven, and will be proven, by what I have to say on tonight's broadcast.
This planet is Mars.
There, I've said it.
On July 5th, 1998, the actual moon was in the sky.





And I said, Texas did land on Earth.
But this is not Earth.
How about those machines that went to Mars, folks?
I know that y'all are real science fans.
Actually, I know some of you are science fans.
Weird science fans.
What they didn't talk about on the Spirit and Opportunity landers, well, they do in some newspapers, some websites.
But it was kind of upsetting.
Did you know that there were...
...
When they launched those things, they had fetuses in little gestation chambers.
And it takes like nine months to get to Mars.
Or almost.
When the Spirit landed, that was the first one, I think, yeah.
Because there was a male in the Spirit and a female in the Opportunity.
Don't ask me why they made those choices on the names.
But the...
They landed on opposite sides of the planet.
Now, for a long time, everybody was real upset.
Because it seemed like the baby on the Spirit had died.
It was alive when it landed.
And then the robot crawled out of the way and took some pictures and stuff.
I don't know if y'all remember.
And then the robot froze up.
Well, they were all upset because that thing was supposed to take care of the baby back on the ship.
They had some other backup stuff.
Thankfully, they kept it alive.
I was really sweating through all this.
And then the Opportunity...
That was the Spirit.
Then the Opportunity landed about a month later.
That baby was decanted or whatever.
And that one worked fine.
Now, the idea is that they're on opposite sides of Mars.
If these children can survive...
Now, they're inside...
They're not inside the little robots that are crawling around.
That would be silly.
They're inside the big lander, you know.
That's kind of the big thing that came down.
There's these incubators in there.
Now, the idea is that they're going to slowly let the Martian atmosphere, such as it is,
replace the oxygen atmosphere inside the lander thing
so that these babies gradually adapt to the Martian atmosphere.
They'll be different from us.
Their lungs will have to be really large to absorb what little oxygen there is.
But...
Now, you can see why the government wouldn't want to talk about this.
If these two children can survive this incredibly horrible environment,
and somehow find each other,
walking from one side of Mars...
It's not a very big planet, really.
They get together and meet.
Man, it'll be like Adam and Eve.
It'll be like that movie Blue Lagoon,
only on the red planet,
with these young teenagers that have never spoken or know anything of Earth.
They get together and mate.
And think how adapted their children will be for the Martian atmosphere.
It's just...
I don't know.
See, I still find hope in science.
I told you, Bob Scientist, Church of Bob Crackpot.
If I believed in praying, I'd lead us all in a prayer for those two little Martian babies.
But I'm afraid of who else might be listening if we were to pray.
That's why subgeniuses don't pray.
You don't really want Bob to hear you,
because he might play a joke on you.
And you sure don't want any of the other ones to hear you.
They'll give you just what you want, in the most literal way.
From PR News in Washington,
I'm only the third of five Indonesian weather forecasters expected to eliminate Madrid, Moscow, London, and Paris.
President Bush officially opened his healing insurgency alliance when he fell into a 30-foot sinkhole.
Governments must choose corruption,
abandon their people,
and take responsibility for blaming them.
The president called on PR's journalists to pull their members out of Vladimir Putin for the first time since 1999.
A 16-year-old girl continued to batter PR News in Washington,
and a curfew is in place there.
The PR News by Fernanda Nandeli-Murr,
and now a related piece by Just John.
Is your news safe?
Can you trust it with your children?
Is your news safe?
How can you tell for sure?
Is your news safe?
Why hasn't your congressman taken a stand?
Is your news safe?
Why take chances?
Is your news safe?
When will consumers wake up?
Is your news safe?
What can be done?
But friends, here's the thing.
All this marvelous science news, which, believe me, can really cheer you up after you look at the political news.
Or the local, or the obituaries if you're my age.
The thing is, it's all a lie by omission.
Because out of all that, did they ever mention the war on drugs on Mars?
Did they mention?
Have any of you ever heard, even from a crackpot, the theory that during World War II,
while everybody was busy with that, the conspiracy, one night while everyone was asleep,
switched the planet Earth and the planet Mars,
and moved all the populations from the used-up former Earth to the brand new, nice, refurbished planet Mars,
which is the one we're on now, so that they can finish running this one into the ground like they did the previous one.
They just switched back.
The conspiracy has been around that long, friends, and they're that bad.
They use up a lot of time.

They take the planet, this one, they'll use this one up, turn it into a dust-covered thing with hardly any atmosphere,
and then swap it out again.
By that time, what we call Mars will be all built up, have some air on it and so forth.
They'll just keep doing it over and over again.
Earth first, then all the other planets.
Screw them all up.
Kids these days think the War of the Worlds was science fiction.
They look at those water towers.
And stuff that are now used as water towers.
And they think that's all they ever were.
They don't know about those were once Martian war tripods.
There's a movie coming out of the War of the Worlds, finally.
Steven Spielberg and Tom Cruise making H.G. Wells' War of the Worlds into a movie.
Of course, they're going to set it in present time as if the real war didn't happen in the turn of the previous century.
Friends, I don't know if there's any H.G. Wells fans here,
but I'm mad at Hollywood.
Because they've been cutting the nads off of that guy's books, one after another.
The Time Machine was about class division.
Well, the new version of the Time Machine is about industrial accident.
Oops.
The War of the Worlds was about colonialism.
And the Island of Dr. Moreau, I guess, was both.
But anyway, you haven't read those.
Anybody see The Incredibles?
Or Sky Captain and the World of the Worlds?
Or the World of Tomorrow?
I thought the acting in The Incredibles was actually much better than the acting in Sky Captain.
Some people embrace the Martian heritage.
Others deny it.
And from that conflict arises the internal conspiracy.
The conspiracy of one within yourself against all your other selves.
The many selves in you.
And each cell of yourself.
As you sit in your cell, the conspiracy of one may have already won.
You better be careful, baby.
There's no turning back now.
This planet is Mars.
The tremendous implications of all this may not yet be fully understood.
But, and naturally, further tests will have to be carried out.
This is the point of the mission.
How's it going, Bob?
We know who can get us, Batman.
Okay, Bob.
You will pay for your unprovoked attack on our complex on Mars.
Bob, I thought you space jockeys enjoyed riding high.
Sure, but four weeks is long enough.
Are there any prohibitionists in this part of the country?
Dave's not here!
We will be avenged.
We will assassinate every criminal they will make a page in the public.
But in the present threatening situation, I'm ready to take a calculated risk.
I'd like you back on duty as of now.
I'm ready, Colonel.
It took decades to figure it out.
The elastic nature of time itself proved the key.
And isn't it much more likely that this planet is Mars than that this, the year 1998 hasn't occurred?
Isn't that just kind of foolish and silly?
Bob said a bunch of stuff.
But that's not what I'm talking about right now.
I'm talking about common sense.
Where are we, Bob?
The message is Mars needs women.
Mars needs...
It's a gag.
It's a prank.
Reproduction cycle of Martian fiend worms series eight.
In series seven, you learned about the power of the universe.
And you learned about many of the interesting creatures who live on Mars, including the tiny microscopic Gonococcus herihausea, or Martian peen worm.
Today, with the help of a neutron micro holographic scanner, we'll look into a dead Martian intestine, the peen worm's natural habitat, and see the whole life cycle of this simple aeroniobe unfold as if by magic.
As the miracle of reproduction begins, our lone hero is still a mere tube of psychoplasm.
But soon, a frenzy of chemical activity called the amphetaphase seizes the microbe, and by the mysterious process called osmiotic blooming, it starts to clot.
It grows a rudimentary megastamen and anthrax, and swiftly matures into the spore of sex A, the erythrocyte.
The male is called the gameteoroid.
Unscientifically, it might be called the male.
He discovers his own nasophallosian tube and performs hermaphroditic autofusion until he spills a secretion of preposterous.
This triggers the morphase to begin, and up sprouts sex B, the so-called female or nymph load.
Her thorax produces the jocular.
She has ovarian knobs, and she even has a feeble nucleic eyeball, nearly as powerful as that of the male.
A surprisingly complex courting ritual is initiated.
She produces special chemicals called mojo bodies, which excite her partner.
She places her stigmat on his cloacal apparatus and performs parthenodulation.
He achieves cytospasm and germiates.
And...
In nature's timeless tragedy, the helpless male falls victim to the eternal wiles of the female, leaving naught but a pool of albuminal spum.
Using her oviduct as an oral groove, she saps every last trace of her former lover, as the layman would call him.
Spermatogenocide is committed, and it's almost as if she's smiling.
One last spurt of cleavage produces two diploid ovaries.

Each carrying half the plans for a new worm.
Hopefully not the same half.
Finally convinced that they are, indeed, of the same species, they hesitantly begin pairing.
They combine to become one single blasphemula, which makes a last tug of mycotic cell division, and voila!
There are now two worms where there once was one.
But what becomes of them now?
We'll learn not only that, but also why the peen worm is so crucial to our nuclear beer, and even the Martian War, in Series 9.
Can you keep a secret?
Late at night when I try to sleep
I get a feeling that gives me the
creeps
I'd like to tell you just a little bit more
Please wait while I shut the door
Can you keep a secret?
Sir Gub, the bug-headed man
Cut a deal with the alien clan
They agreed to destroy the Earth
I hope Bush attacks them first
Bad aliens!
Oh my god, they're here again!
They say they don't have evil intentions
But then they take us to alien kitchens and cook us
I have this dream about UFO people
They fly around in blue and gold vehicles
I'm real concerned about alien war
Come close and I'll tell you some more
Can you keep a secret?
I've got coordinates of bad alien whereabouts
I've got locations of UFO hideouts
I've got green DNA in my fridge
I've sent samples to Mr. Tom Ridge
Bad aliens!
Oh my god, they're here again!
They say they don't have evil intentions
But then they take us to alien kitchens and cook us
Bad aliens!
Oh my god, they're here again!
They say they don't have evil intentions
But then they take us to alien kitchens and cook us
Last night when I went to sleep
I heard the sound of alien creeps
They were chilling near my bedroom door
No one was there


No one was there


Making plans for a UFO war
Can you keep a secret?
Bugman was there with his creepy bug head
Martians were clawing the foot of my bed
There were aliens all over the place
Someone seal the borders before it's too late
UFO Phil
Did that song, Bad Aliens
And there's a lot more which you should look at
At ufophil.com
U-F-O-P-H-I-L
Yes friends, and Reverend Sudasana
Did the collage in between the Onans back there
A reproduction cycle is by Doug Smith, age 25
From a film
And now, does anybody have any questions?
Yes
Is it Bob on the Enzyte commercials?
Yes
Well, isn't that a
My trademark lawyer said
You're going to have trouble proving loss of income from that
But yes, that's definitely
There's these commercials for
Poor man's Viagra called Enzyte
And it's definitely based on Bob
He's called Bob
They found a guy who really looks like Bob when he grins, right?
And he even has the pipe in one of the commercials
Most of the time he doesn't have the pipe
And that's where it becomes difficult for me to really prove anything
So, plus they're funny commercials
They're actually really quite funny
And, but what's sad is
The conspiracy stole Bob to help pinks get hard-ons
That's what it is
And I want him back!
I need him!
Okay, all you little kids back in the room here
I can see you've lost something
And it's not your
Cartilage
It's not your wallard
It's your mind
No
The skin on the end of my front butt is missing, teacher
No, don't lie about it
Somebody circumcised me
You've accidentally
I'm in psych-em-cite
I'm in psych-em-cite
It's an accident that happens to all of us
I can't!
They've taken more than my flaps
Good lord, I
Look down there
No, no, no
Down there!
Further!
Down there!
All the way down there
All the way
No, not so far, not so deep
God, I can't believe I'm witnessing this
Oh my god
Pretty deep, ain't it?
That tickles
Would you go down that far?
Man, I know how the worms feel now, daddy-o
They're all oozy and slimy and soggy
Like greasy fried chicken or something
Oh man, they're like liquid tones are coming out
Like a cosmic float
Yes
Worms
Lambs
Oh, look at the little oompa-loom chair
With the wheels that go sideways are coming by
We've got to sit down and take a ride on this thing, man
But you have to be comfortable with your worms
Are you comfortable with your worms?
Well, so far they're quite weird
Are you comfortable with the fact that your body is made of a bunch of wet tubes
That might as well be worms
You might as well be a bunch of worms yourself, you know
You're nothing but tube upon tube upon tube
Well, just so long as I'm
Worm tubes carrying this juice and goosey stuff to all your parts
And all your parts are nothing but moths
And all your getting is your own little worms
Yellow fluids to level four
Yellow hydro fluid to level five
Please report any cardio fluids to level seven
You can't get away from your worms, you know
You sit down and say, I'm going to live in my little box of plastic
It's all going to be like smelling of plastic
And it's all going to be like vinyl and clean
And all nice
But you can't get away from your worms
They are worms
And they're going to keep coming in
No please, free the way into you
Get away from them blatant things
I mean, the first thing you wake up in the morning,
you look out the window,
there's bleeding freaking worms looking in back at you.
You come back home,
you have a sog, you have a slop,
you wait a while,
next thing you know,
look out the window,
bleeding freaking worms looking in your eyes.
You can't let the worms get to you,
is what I'm saying.
Talk a lot.
You can't let the bleeding worms
get you freaking off,
because the next thing you know,
then you're all one with the worms.
You've got to come to terms with your worms.
Oh, the great worm, yeah.
Hi, hi.
You've got to go to Sogan.
Come to terms with...
No, wait.
That's bleeding fresh.
You must come to terms with your worms.
I like that.
I like that.
Come to terms with your worms.
It's the cutest thing that you two are doing here.
Have you come to terms with your worms?
You know, on like a nice little,
on the back of your car.
Speaking of worms...
Speaking of worms...
There are people whose worm cannot become big
when they want it to.
Oh, this happens once in a while after too much alcohol.
Yeah, needs a little extra boost...
Oh, crappy.
...from an herbal company,
such as perhaps these guys that used to do those ads called...
This is Bob.
Bob is doing well.
Very well indeed.
That's because not long ago,
Bob realized that he needed something better in his life.
And what did he get?
Why, a big boost of confidence,
a little more self-esteem,
and a very happy missus at home.
Oh, isn't that cute?
Oh, and there were so many...
Bob is looking cool.
Bob.
Bob is living life.
In a few short weeks,
Bob has a big new spring of confidence.
A generous swelling of pride.
And the one thing every man deserves,
a little well-earned respect from the neighborhood.
Yes, well, you see...
Actually, there is...
In that kind of neighborhood,
oh, dear, I would say a Bob,
your common Bob,
would have not slapped a boner
had he had the opportunity.
Bob is definitely a slack luster,
slack meister.
Yeah, yeah, he's a slack...
But here's the...
Here's the punchline to that.
But over there, they don't have that, see?
Over there.
Over...
Well, this endsite company
that makes this Bob show
with the fake Bob,
the pipeless Bob.
You don't got a...
You don't got a pipe.
He looks like Bob,
but he's not got a pipe, right?
And he's meant out of seashells.
It's a rip-off.
They rip off the chains of the subgenius.
They don't pay us.
They take his pipe away.
They use this pipeless Bob
so that these pink boys in corporate
screwballs can get it up, right?
Okay.
Now, here's the punchline.
Here's the punchline.
Here's the punchline, okay?
The feds raided that company last week.
Okay.
The endsite company in Cincinnati.
The feds raided them
because they'd been doing this auto-charge crap
where they charge you,
you buy their herbal pumper-upper,
you know,
a woodpecker device, a pill,
and they're bending you
so you can be a hard-charging Bob guy.
But, you know,
but see, see, here's the thing.
Jesus didn't have no disciples named Dobie.
See?
No, seriously.
No, seriously.
There was karma.
You know, of course.
There was karma.
And the endsite company was raided
and had all their business supplies confiscated
and their records and things
because of their evil doings.
So it wasn't just...
A soiled panty raid.
It wasn't just the church of the subgenius
that they fought to...
It was plunder!
It was graves and tombs they thought to rob.
Nay.
It was everyone who ordered those get-big pills.
Those tiny little get-big pills.
Yeah.
They were bigifiers.
You know what I'm saying?
They're easier for you to swallow.
They make you well!
All large and gross and smelly and crawling.
That's the way we like it here.
From PR News in Washington,
I'm causing another disaster.
President Bush is set to blast
into the president's gay bishop outside Slovakia.
A piece of Howard Dean's left wing caused PR News.
Archbishops from around the world
commented this morning on PR's accounting practices
during testimony in the federal fraud trial
of PR News in Washington.
I remember you.
You and I used to sit and watch television together.
And there on the screen,
we'd see some horrible monster from another world.
Week after week,
different monster,
same television.
And that same zipper running up its back
with the quivery rubber boots
and the quivery rubber glove.
And the giant rubber head shaped like Lyndon Johnson.
We'd watch television together, you and I.
And slowly the picture would emerge.
Line by line, it was scanned across our third face.
And we'd understand this planet is Mars.
But what did a bordering격 take away from me?
I considered that space is less than Rogers.
I would be curious.
Let me answer simply.
The movie Pirates of the科学未经
fun coupesheldung
now being released on the 영화 series
Haraherte,
is part of pre-faceted format.
It includes three quedarings.


Selfsissez,
細beam,
genius, am an alien, are they saying that I'm good or am I bad? And what are they saying
about themselves? Are they saying they're a pro-alien or anti-alien? There's only one
way to adjust these variables and have it come out in a logical, sensible, rational
manner, and that is that this planet is Mars. And that some of the aliens you meet are merely
Earthlings trying to adjust to this planet being Mars, whereas some of the most subgenius
people you'll meet seem rather normal, and they're Martians trying to adjust that they're
not on their home planet. This planet is Mars, my friends. Keep listening. Only the
hour of slack.
The attack is brave enough to rebroadcast these shortwave transmissions gathered from
subgenie all over the world, like you.
Now it's very presumptuous of us to believe that Martians are going to be any different
than we are. It's merely a freak in their genetic code that has brought them to this
planet, and I'm sure they don't plan to harm us. At least not yet.
I'm sure that they'll be a little more

Why do we need to do this?
From PR News in Washington, I'm violating international sanctions against the former
US, calling on world leaders to implement PR News. The Bush administration's in custody
in Japan for trying to replace the Commission on Human Rights with an invalid passport.
If convicted, Bob could face the leukemia penalty.
Attorneys say Bob did not hear the screams of the immigrants to the US. Bob was in a
bar for over 35 years.
In Tucson, Arizona.
That's a little bit weird. It's a little bit weird to be in a bar. It's a little bit weird.
This is 10-5-1-6.
A jury in Houston is feeding jam to PR News from Washington.
Quiet. Quiet.
Dave carries a secret little sound effect with him all the time.
You want to make sure...
And like a perfume. Some use perfumes.
Dave keeps a sound effect with him.
It smells.
Oh, I like your sound effect today, Dave.
What are you wearing?
I'm wearing...
Is that car crash number nine?
Yes, car crash number nine.
And the overture in Fallopias.
Oh, John Cage.
I'm giving birth.
Excellent.
Oh, I see what that is.
It's after birth.
I've got those worms.
They're all wrapped up just for you.
Have you read any new horror novels lately?
No, no. I've consumed one, though.
Oh, to feed the worms. To feed the worms.
Here are a couple of bookworms. That's for John.
Just a couple of bookworms.
Yes, a couple of slimy ones.
Leaving a snail trail behind you.
Yes.
That's what I've said before about you all the time, Williams.
There's a snail trail...
Let me repeat that.
There's a snail trail behind you wherever you go, Williams.
You think you can get away with petty larceny.
You think you can get away with grand larceny.
And now you think you can get away with...
murder.
But they got away with it, didn't they, Father?
Yes, they got away with it.
Father, they got away with it. Why can't we?
Well, because you're a member of the Church of the Subgenius.
But the others can...
They can do it, Father. Why can't we?
They are favored by dobs and you are not, child.
It is not yours to reason why.
It is yours to sit down on your phalanx and die.
I don't understand.
You're not going to be prompted to understand.
Hello?
You're going to be pushed into the oven.
You're scaring me. You're frightening me.
I know you're joking, but you're frightening me.
We're making Hansel and Gretel pickles with you.
Yes, those hands look tender and juicy.
We'll make a very nice pie-R-squared for those.
Hansel?
And Gretel.
Hansel?
And Gristle.
The Gristle of Hansel.
The Gristle of Hansel.
As dead equipment would not die.
As clothes bones.
The Bavarian doctor, working late into the night.
The word working with his alchemical equipment...
Brought life to the...
Gristle of the little Austrian boy, Hansel.
And Brindle and Kat came and went.
Tremendous amounts of electricity were needed to keep the poor boy alive.
For he was made only of crooked fingers, cynical pie, and some impurities found in our air and water.
He only wanted to die then.
But the government wouldn't let him.
No.
No.
The government decided who would live and who would die.
And in this case, unfortunately, they decided that he must live.
Even though the poor little piece of Gristle was but a helpless, pain-filled, paralyzed mind full of feelings of hurt.
Hooked up to a machine.
Kept alive unfairly.
In perhaps the grossest, grossest miscarriage of justice of all time.
And yet, and yet outside the protesters screamed and waved their torches and said,
Make it live!
Make it live!
Your life or death pass, please, Mrs. Veramater.
Sorry, no death pass. You can't die.
I believe in the Gristle.
Mrs. Veramater, believing in the Gristle is not good enough.
You must have a life or death pass signed by your government agent at Cocoa Coastal.
This is my death pass. May I go now, please?
It is not valid, Mrs. Vermamater.
It's been placed in someone's bungie.
Yes, ma'am.
I need to go.

I need to go.
That has to be authorized by Secretary of State for Maldehyde.
And I'm afraid this is not, your paperwork is not together.
You're going to have to live a bit longer.
The paperwork is complete.
You're going to have to undergo some more pain until you can get this together.
I mean, really, there's no reason.
The information was posted in the basement of Town Hall since long before you were born.
This is ridiculous.
Before the day of your birth was the day of your death.
Guaranteed by your United Snakes.
The United Snakes government.
Everyone has a right to live, to be born, and to die.
No, they don't.
No, we changed that.
You don't have a right to die anymore.
Where does it show here?
We changed it.
You have the right to live.
You have the right to an attorney.
But the right to death, the death penalty and the death option have both been confiscated.
This is for your own good.
This is for your own good, my friend.
There is no good in this world, you squirrely maggot.
Don't you understand what's going on here?
Squirrely?
Squirrely?
I think it's a random adverb or adjective.
I squirrely and squirrely.
Uh, roganjel.
Well, if you don't like maggots, you just see how long you can get along without worms then.
Why don't you?
Yeah, you see too.
Check it out sometime if you, you know, got the ink in the nose.
Shit.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
From PR News in Washington, I'm trapped in a suburb of Los Angeles,
but three deaths are being linked to an apparent self-inflicted PR news.
From Washington.
President Bush has been working to drench Southern California.
Downtown L.A. was killed when a rock slide fell into a 30-foot deep sinkhole.
President Bush had pointed words about the French President Jacques Chirac.
The Arab League will soon pull its members out of Lebanese mass.
Six inches since Thursday night in Los Angeles.
Israel has freed the largest relatives.
Marines have raided PR News in Washington.
The world ends tomorrow,
and you may be happier about it
than you'd first imagined.
The world ends tomorrow,
and you may regret paying your very last round of bills.
The world ends tomorrow,
and you may consider that your sex life wasn't really half bad.
The world ends tomorrow,
and you may orgasm like a big old gorilla
just before you and your significant other vaporize.
That was Hale Pope Huey,
and now, woman.
Subtitles by the Amara.org community


Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Please finde the 000 357 7832
People call it the blues
because we're stuck on this filthy, blue planet,
Mars.
All the blues has lamentation,
a wailing out
a wailing out
of olho
of the sorrow assessors of Amara.org.

with this filthy blue planet or Mars.
Earth, that's the planet we belong on.
That's the fourth planet out.
But you were born on Mars, so you're a Martian.
Everyone born on this world is a Martian.
But some Martians belong on Mars.
Other Martians belong on another world.
That's alienation.
That's what Marx and Engels were talking about.
And communism.
Something so evil and yet so good.
Associated with the color red.
It's got all the good ideas.
Oh, it looks so good on paper.
Let's associate it with red.
Because that's the planet we want to go to.
That red planet that's up there in the sky.
We can see it.
That's the planet we want to go to.
We want to go to Mars.
We want to make this planet red.
And they tried.
And it did look good on paper.
Bob understands communism.
Bob is a salesman.
Sales transcends communism and capitalism.
Sales transcends fascism or socialism.
It's all sales to dogs.
All of ancient братics have made Puts to Daiduani the DPF.
BLT spices were stale.
Now they're cutting the
noisode to a half emotional Scorpio made in the Quran.
Would you rather know it's a good Puppet cs your Coke Ave fake?
Kindly embellish this mod?


I'm noon-pad life done raising.
I'm still getting fat in the roup.
endi a имhead
It's theISP ofис forever se glad to hear de say
doing the thing you love to ask for a new batch.
ça comme ca t'ittens d'advince
planning to raise his notorious half-brother,
who's thought to be one of the leaders of PR News in Washington.
Dave, what do you think about the planet Mars?
I think the planet Mars inspires me.
It is red, like La Russia.
It is violent and blue and hot and sexy.
It reminds me of weird little, like, ant creatures
with, like, huge helmets on and stuff and spears.
You know, thousands of them marching up and down these red, duned hills.
It reminds you of these things, eh?
Yes, but it's just...
As if these were hidden, buried memories from another life,
or maybe even earlier in this life.
From 20 million years before Earth or something?
No, not necessarily.
Could be.
Maybe from your childhood, even.
Genetic memories from my childhood, they could be.
I could be one of those little, like, ant-like creatures
with the big helmets and this...
You could be.
Why does Mars seem so exciting to you, Dave?
Why do you want...
Why do you keep coming back to the subject?
Mars is valid.
What's the evocative nature?
Can't you leave the war alone?
Can't you just forgive the Martians?
Forget the war, man.
The Martian war is over.
Can't you just let it go?
Like a moist evacuation, I can't stop repeating that.
My conditioning is too strong.
I've been conditioned since the beginning of the war
to remember only the blood, the iron, and the red wine.
I've been conditioned to remember the stars and stripes forever.
Let us​
Don't lose us, Dave!

When did you last see the Like and Subscribe Countrymen?
Oh, we already have.
It all began there.
With one한다 from the假 tryinwho الل pigs then we came across all four cigars.
We didn't him a cub elevation.
No digg chev!

G ما
Back to water.
I think those guys are too far away from home.
Together.
And there's the man carrying the great big fish.
And there's the giant.
And there's the two-headed Japanese girl.
And there's Frederica Fellini.
And Tim Burton.
And look, they're all mixed together.
And it's just like a giant homage to Bob.
And look at that Bob.
All right.
And there's a slimy corpse too.
Oh, yes, yes, yes.
And as the parade of life goes by, friend, did it go by you too?
Were you left behind with the bold, rancid popcorn?
Did you turn your fish into wine?
The trash paper blowing through the streets.
Wandering sadly away into the sunset.
Wondering, where is Bob?
How can I find more about this man, J.R. Bob Dobbs?
I have a hint of slack.
Where can I go to www.subgenius.com to learn more information?
How can I possibly write to a post office box number?
Or that I'm getting a pencil ready in my hand to write down?
Which is the Hour of Slack or Subgenius Foundation at Post Office Box 181417.
Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
And friends, how would you ever learn how to get to Tex Day?
The preliminary X Day drill at the High Rock Ranch outside of Austin.
Texas.
For the strange Texanian, Neopaganian, Subgenian, Wiccabilly Festival.
Where the great groovy Neptune I just heard will be.
Wow.
Yeah.
He's the one who did the song about.
I love his work.
Everybody here is crazy about Bob.
Everybody here is so crazy about Bob.
That fits with the theme of madness, of course.
Yes, the theme of madness, friends.
I love his work.
I can hardly call it work, though.
It looks more like he has pleasure when he performs.
I love his work.








Yes, it gives him pleasure to do what he does.
With the great beast.
And with the great pipe.
With the Leviathan under the earth.
With the great presence that he has.
The beast.
The ten-horned, ten-peckered goat with a thousand young.
Greetings, my friend.
The back squid of the forest.
You are interested in the unknown.
I see.
The mysterious.
The unexplainable.
You're talking to me.
I have no such.
That is why you are here.
Where am I?
Now, for the first time, we are bringing you the full story of what happened.
What?
Show us what happened.
We are giving you all the evidence.
This is the evidence.
They've told me on this.
He's finally working on it.
We're going to learn.
Just wait.
Don't say anything, Harold.
We have to give you credits, don't we?
Oh, my God.
This could be it.
The incidents.
The places.
He's the lost.
My friend, you cannot keep this a secret any longer.
No.
No, never.
Can your heart stand the shocking truth?


The hidden facts of the true story of Edward D. Wood Jr.
Oh, God, no.
Edward D. Wood Jr.
Is that all it was?
Man.
Don't you think it was?
Well.
Boy, the shocking.
What a bring down.
The shocking difference.
The shocking.
The shocking secret.
Absolutely shocking.
Okay, okay, okay.
Hey, friends, we shuck off the shell of the old show to put on the mantle of something
new.
And so we close with this very, very curious song by someone named Robert Allberg.
A song called Martian Sea.
And so, as the Martian sands begin to blow around on this red planet, as I see a red
Martian sunrise, as the sun begins to rise, as I'm walking along on the Martian sand on
this forbidding planet, I'll be waiting.
I'll be waiting.

For more Martian sands.
As I'll be waiting.
For more Martian sands.
As the night has come in, I'll be waiting.
For more Martian sands.
As I'll be waiting.
For more Martian sands.
As I've been walking in the Martian sands are blowing around me as I see the red Martian

landscape before me as I'm walking on the red Martian landscape.
And the red Martian sunrise gives way to another day on this forbidding planet.
As the red Martian sands are blowing around me as I'm walking on the red Martian landscape.
As I've been walking all day.
On the red Martian landscape.
As the sun begins to set in a red Martian sunset.
As the sun slowly begins to fade off in the distance.
And the red Martian landscape disappears into the cold darkened night on this forbidding
planet.
As I'll be waiting.
For another red Martian sunset.
As the sun rises.
I'll be waiting.
For more Martian sands.
As I'll be waiting.
For more Martian sands.
As the night has come in, I'll be waiting.
For more Martian sands.
As I'll be waiting.
For more Martian sands.
As I've been walking in the Martian sands are blowing around me as I see the red Martian
landscape before me as I'm walking on the red Martian landscape.
And the red Martian sunrise gives way to another day on this forbidding planet.
As the red Martian sands are blowing around me as I'm walking on the red Martian landscape.
As I've been walking all day.
On the red Martian landscape.
As the sun begins to set in a red Martian sunset.
As the sun slowly begins to fade off in the distance.
And the red Martian landscape disappears into the cold darkened night on this forbidding
planet.
As I'll be waiting.
For another red Martian sunrise.
