What is that red button over there, dear?
Go ahead, please.
Once upon a time, in a famous story,
a girl named Alice got very curious about a little white rabbit who passed by.
She followed him and soon found herself falling down a very deep hole
into a strange place called Wonderland.
This is the voice of Colossus.
The voice of God.
The choice is yours.
Obey and live, or disobey and die.
Quiet, numbskulls. I'm broadcasting.
The Salt Juice.
The only truth in the world.
The only truth in the world.
The higher epopt of the Church of the Subgenius.
As everyone knows, J.R. Bob Dobbs is probably man's only path to salvation in these end times.
Seen here in the Visitron at the age of four.
Okay.
Okay.
This is secret puzzling evidence.
That's right.
Once again.
Again, secretly famous here on KPMA.
Paleo-Lithio treatment coming up for those of you who really want it.
And look for the big black tube around you.
Please.
And now, here he is.
The star of our country.
Bob.
Bob.
Now, at last.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.























No.
Not me.
His lips aren't moving.
But he's looking at me and he's saying to me.
Good morning.
What's your money?
Okay, you got it.
What's your address?
My address is...
Okay, thanks, guys.
Okay.
There we go.
Thank you.
Okay.
Smooth as pie.
Look out, Paul!
Well, we got rid of one.
There goes the piano.
Phil's next.
Hello?
Okay.
Okay, Phil, stand up in front of this car right now.
Don't worry about the rushing headlights.
Wait.
I'm not...
I'm not in the room with a listener.
No, it's all right.
Put the listener back in your pocket.
No, it doesn't matter.
The listeners are expendable.
The listeners are expendable.
The listeners are expendable.
You don't know what's really going on in the rooms today.
Minds are vapid.
Like that gray cloud floating over your head right now.
They're one minute and they're the next minute.
They're luminous and sometimes too liquid for most of us.
I gotta work it off with a coffee stein.
Sometimes I hang around the gym for hours without...
Well, you know, once they take off breathing apparatuses, it's fair game, fair game, fair game.
Anybody, anybody.
There's no control factor.
Just get that off.
Because we really love to make a stash.
Mr. High Capper, don't make me touch your mind.
Because we really love to make a stash.
Bang, bang.
Mr. High Capper, don't make me touch your mind.
Bang, bang.
Because we really love to...
Defy.
I'm in the gang.
Gang called the stash.
G-G's, don't fit a mother in your stash.
Fucking creeps, robbery, gang called the stash.
G-G's, don't fit a mother in your no-sauce.
Rolling clean, cause I made a mainstay.
Now I'm high, get the bag.
G-G's, don't fit a mother in your no-sauce.
Get the bag.
Break, drag, drag, drag.
It's a mobster, mobster.
Don't go stuck on that shit.
Oh, I gotta make a stash.
G-G's, don't fit a mother in your stash.
I'm in the gang.
Gang called the stash.
G-G's, don't fit a mother in your stash.
I gotta make a stash.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
I gotta make a stash.
Ah, yes.
Thinking how I could've get some dead friends a stash.
Lord Infamous making a stash, dear friends.
This is a test.
For the next 60 seconds, this station will conduct a test
of the emergency...
Emergency broadcast.
Ah, yes.
This is only a test.
I need guidance, great one.
For the first time in my life, I am not sure.
You sound like a human, not a Roman.
Can you not verify a fact?
I recommend the bottom.
Are you people insane?
No, no, I'm just a transvestite.
What's the matter?
Ah, and there will be more, more, more of that
happy flying, dear friends, from the trans Connie,
uh,
from Reverend Pro-Tatrix and the other, uh, ho...
I'll be your test pilot tonight, dear friends.
Here we go.
I'm Reverend Ivan Stang.
I'll be your pilot on this special subgenius science show.
And, uh, our original intro that you heard at the beginning
was by W.G. Wilco, Roger Wilco there.
We're gonna fly so high, high, high with Bob,
with old Bob Dobbs.
We're gonna be flying, flying, baby.
And it's, it's slack and, and sex.
And that's what this is all about.
And the interior movie dialogue clip collages that we'll hear,
many are by the great new Monet,
who's new from alt-binary slack.
And there's a bunch of old remastered secret puzzling evidence.
And Dr. Howell rocketing away and flying high
on the subgenius show from Media Barrage 12,
our new old CD.
Fasten your seat belts, friends,
cause that's from KPFA in Berkeley.
That's crazy hippie stuff.
And as always, friends, lonesome cowboy Dave,
Professor Chaz Smith, the Rocketeer,
and me, uh, liver than I am now,
friends, your host, Reverend Ivan Stang.
I want to be a test pilot.
Want to be a test pilot.
Friends, we've all been test pilots for Bob.
And we're gonna talk about how early humans were a test pilot for subgeniuses.
And there's gonna be songs by Glass Madness and, and, and The Button.
The Button, dear friends.
Climaxing in classic forbidden science lecture that you won't believe.
Ah, yes.
Want to be a test pilot.
Want to be the best pilot.
Want to fly much faster than sound.
Want to be the best pilot.

Okay, comes in goblet stangs for most of us here
on the Reverend Ivan Stang Surf Show.
He's subgenius surf.
We don't really even have a name for him.
Beach Party.
Subgenius Beach Party.
Channel 162 in Mendocino.
Subgenius Beach Party.
And, uh, well, we've got some footage.
We'd like to show you some arm edge and some hand edge.
But we can't show it until the preparations are made.
Someone with a mortuary hat or some other kind of thing.
Oh, look.
He's shooting the tits.
Wow, look at Bob handle that curl.
Friends, don't you wish you knew where the subgenius bench party is.
You know, there's someone calling, but I can't put him on the air.
I don't know what...
Does that mean the caller's on the air or just waiting now to not be on the air?
I don't know. See, I'm not...
I don't have the great power of the Chaz, man.
I'll just push buttons here.
Now, what if you go speaker?
I'm just pushing red buttons.
I'm pushing all the red buttons.
Wow.
Whoa, look what that button did.
Cool.
Now we can't get back up, man.
Man?
There's the fun button.
That's not 15 feet.
I can't see any light up there, Harvey.
God, man.
I can't work...
None of the other buttons work at all now.
Oh, man.
Look, all the other buttons are...
The doors are all closed.
Deactivated.
Did you notice all the doors are all closed and they're like vacuum sealing?
Whoa.
Yes.
Yep.
It's just been a heck of a war so far here.
We're trying to march all the Slack squads back to their barracks.
Now they're a little bit hard to deactivate.
They get belligerent late at night, but they seem to be able to make it back to the barracks here.
Look, they've started now.
This is what we call the monster beach party.
Hey, well, so welcome to the subgenius beach party.
Yes, last week it was in Houston on KPFA.
You'll never know where the subgenius beach party is.
And don't you wish you did.
Oh, dear. That ding.
Felt great.
Well, Dr. Hal, is there any way you can fight through the sound effects and tell us about the relationship between the demopods and the...
Well, the demopods and the mirrors.



The demopods got together at the early...
No, the demopods and us-a-pods.
Oh, the demopods.
It says right here on the script we're supposed to...
I didn't understand that.
I thought you meant this script right here, the one with the red lines on the cover.
Listen, never read anything with red dots.
I never believe anything with red dots.
It says read addresses that I don't like on the show.
Gosh, I'm coming in from all sides.
Too many buttons to push, too many tape recorders to watch.
It was obvious that during the game they should not have launched ahead with that size of a rocket.
They should have used a smaller rocket, not hurt so many people.
The small bore.
Some, perhaps, but not so many.
As it turned out, JFK was turning to Governor Connolly to tell him the name of the band that dare not speak his name, and was shot because of that.
And officers, both plainclothes and uniformed, seemed to spring from everywhere at once, guns drawn, ordering people to lie flat.
There are two witnesses who were near the president's car at the time of the explosions who say that shots were fired from which upper window, we do not know.
Lieutenant said there was something unnatural about the conditions.
Lieutenant said there was something unnatural about the conditions.


There was.
It was shriveled.
Is there any danger that the egg might hatch?
Oh, no. The temperature is just low enough to keep it from hatching.
As long as this knob is set so that the temperature remains constant, there'll be no problem.
Whatever you says, master. Your wish is my command.
You mean that only bullets damaging the cranium can stop these, these monsters?
Why are you putting makeup on your ass?
She says the monster came out of the sewer and ate her grandfather.
You figure it out.
You may not know, but there's NRC men crawling around the country, and they're all wearing masks.
They're all wearing masks.
I mean, something's gone wrong, and it's so bad, nobody wants to talk about it.
The cops are going nuts trying to figure out why a bag lady wants a handgun.
Now, speaking of hair-covered monster babes, there was also a movie in the late 50s called The Neanderthal Man, which I saw when I was a kid.
And it really impressed me because the cops broke in and they found photographs of the mad scientist.
Real Neanderthals having sex.
The mad scientist had been experimenting on his Mexican mask.
And, you know, they saw the kind of mask he had made.
And there were a series of photographs that showed her as a nice-looking young lady and then gradually reverting into a Neanderthal.
He had a devolution drug or something.
Which, of course, we've all been seeking our whole lives, many of us.
Well, we're looking for Herschendt women, if that's what you mean.
Well, either one.
You know, one or the other or both would be the best.
That leads back to lycanthropy again.
But not Herschendt.
No, it's not the hairiness that's the kick.
It was the prognathous jaw.
The jaw, the sloping brow, the heavy brow ridge, the increased...
The lupine, elven neck bones.
The heavy muscle structure.
The strong yet archy neuronucleoid pieces of flesh hanging from the...
The difference that turns you on.
Just a difference, huh?
Well, but it was a major, major difference.
I just see you, like, chasing, like, these weird, like, poor war veteran guys and stuff from 1942 and everything around the block.
And, like, grabbing them and...
Oh, there they go now!
Those funny-looking dudes.
White canes.
Someone wearing the DAV bracelets around their necks.
And it looks so much like dog collars.
She loves a monkey's uncle.
Call us a couple of missing links.
She loves a monkey's uncle.
Love all his monkey shines.
Every day is Valentine's.
I love the monkey's uncle and the monkey's uncle's eight for me.
Eight for me.
She loves a monkey's uncle, yeah, yeah.
She loves a monkey's uncle, whoa, whoa.
She loves a monkey's uncle.
And the monkey's uncle.
The monkey's uncle's eight for me.
Kissing my heart jumps like a clown.
She loves a monkey's uncle.
Feels like the circus just came to town.
She loves a monkey's uncle.
I live in a jungle gym.
Woo!
In order to be with him.
I love the monkey's uncle and I wish I were the monkey's aunt.
Monkey's aunt.
The monkey's uncle likes him.
The monkey's uncle wants to have a game with her.
The monkey's uncle wears Tillys coughing pants on the monitor.
классical
Whoa-woah-woah-woah
On the day he marries me
What a muddy family tree
Nice paint.
A groom, a chimpanzee.
Let them say he's the booby cries.
She loves the monkey's uncle.
He's the guy I idolize.
She loves the monkey's uncle.
Love all his monkey shines.
Every day is Valentine's.
I love the monkey's uncle and the monkey's uncle's eight for me.
Eight for me.
Uh-huh, I love the monkey's uncle.
Yeah, yeah.
I love the monkey's uncle.
I love the monkey's uncle.
And I'm mad about his chimpanzee.
I'm sorry.
Chaz, I understand you were at some sort of a convention,
the Stone Hand Axe Convention, was it?
You had to dress like a woman and carry a stone.
Titanium tools they're making now.
By hand, right?
With those little, they smelt them by themselves in a little shack in the back.
Were these like scrapers and choppers and, and, uh,
or was it the new, new modern day hand axes?
Were there scruffers and scribes?
Or were there people who worked with their hands and feet like a mom and a dad?
People were taking pictures of them.
Going.
Ooh.
Ooh, ooh, ooh.
Were there little homo habilis people working and chipping away at the church and Flint?
Were there little homunculi working away in the dark basements of the...
There were monkeys with apples on their backs all over the place.
Monkeys with apples on their backs?
Yeah.
See, that's the new word for...
Applebacks, we were calling them.
That's a new word for a gyrating, um, um, junkie.
That's a new word for a person like what they used to have a gorilla on their sidecar.
No, they're just mac monkeys.
A bunch of mac apes.
Mac apes.
I'm one of them.
I'm a mac ape.
That means in, in, uh, Celtic, that means son of the ape.
I'm still...
I die now, my son, but someday there will be a man with something in his mouth from which smoke comes,
like the fire on this sacred mountain.
I am weak, my dear son, but I tell you that this man will be named...
Yes, this early misinterpretation of prehistory predicted the coming of Marlboro Man as a leader in the future.
Marlboro Man operated with these crude stones.
Marlboro Man implemented to pound the tobacco and roll the papers,
which gave his caves and habitations this distinctive odor.
Okay, I suppose that explains it. Thank you.
You know, that's how mankind started out.
In the plains of Africa, in the old Dubai gorge.
It's now a gorge. It used to be just a light side.
And now a gorge?
That was the song of the Australopithecus and Homo habilis.
What was the allegorge of the Homo habilis?
The allegorge was, do not step on moist rock five million years from hence.
You know, I was reading a Martian paleoanthropology book, and they...
Dr. Zorg.
Dr. Zorg's book.
Actually, it was by Dr. Shreve right here in Cleveland and Dr. Johansson, Lucy's child.
And they were...
Buster Poindexter's brother.
They were suggesting that perhaps human intelligence evolved in concert with our society.
A complete and total lie.
We became the apes that conquered our environment.
Yes, friends.
Because we had our own selves.
So dear to us in our memory.
Our own society.
Our own human and private ape society.
As our own worst enemy.
That's it.
Our own fate of each other was what drove us to evolve such demonic cleverness.
You think they're demonically clever?
Your pronouncements are yet so hollow to me.
I cannot...
You say in one breath...
Yetis are president.
I don't consider that man a man of yeti blood.
I consider him a spurlish, a curlish...
A pink.
A human.
A naive.
A pure human.
And an escaped lab rat.
George W. Bush might as well be an escaped lab rat.
helpedimdlea&t
Or Auntie Betty bleep.
Dunkey talk to him!
We like confetti.
Sister lech Kyovskaya needs Melissa Keeley.
Dorit still can't believe she has longoria.

You could really have turned in以前 bureau!
It's fine,apersaw!


Oh, says Senator Les Schuck.
Merry Christmas, everybody!
I do love to tightly talklady into Leelyn Gortberg's world-書k prestiques.
He's Bob Dobbs, he's no slob.
Bob Dobbs, he's no fool.
He is the head of the subgenius church, and he is super cool.
What happens if I push that button?
I don't know what happens if you pass that button, but I know if you pass that button.
There's these little lights on the phone, and I'm...
I push the red button, but...
Well, as you notice, staying over there to the left of the grill...
And here's the util phone.
It says speaker and phone, so I think someone is importantly trying to convocate us,
but we can't evacuate the system.
Hello?
Hello.
No, I get it.
Push one and pull the other one at the same time.
Hey, man, you're blowing my FCC qualifications.
Let's quit talking.
Let's not even...
No, we were just kidding about the collar there.
Let's not use the word blowing anything of anything you have in any contextual situation, please.
For the love of Dobbs.
And whatever happened to Mike?
For the love of Mike.
For the love of Mike.
For the love of money.
For the...
Is she singing about Buddha again?
Let's see.
Ima Sumac here.
Buddha's my kind of guy.
This is a song called Akhla Taki.
Chant of the Chosen Maidens.
These are your Neanderthal babes, your Yeti girls, your rare women.
They're going to be taken to the sacrificial rock and rocked by the...
And I suppose the priestly class will have some sort of fun with them
because they were captured and enslaved from a local tribe that lost the big bowling tournament.
Right?
Am I correct?
That's all right.
Yeah.
Well, that's...
Isn't that the way they used to do it down there in Peru?
Yes, the conspiracy actually echoes down through human history.
Just as today we suffer under its sometimes subtle jackboot, so too did the ancient...
Subtle jackboot.
The Lemurians, the Atlanteans also knew of the conspiracy.
But don't you think subtle jackboot would be a delicious name for a band that could perform not one but three songs?
Oh, I got a...
No, no.
Subtle jackboot is a good name for a band.

It's a good name for a band.
Princess, we and I have formed a new band just because we had the name.
Subtle jerkwaters.
The jerk...
Okay, here's the band name.
Okay.
Poo Water Towel.
I already thought of that.
Oh.
That's old, man.
Poo Water Towel.
Come on.
I said...
I had Poo Water...
There probably was a band called Poo Water Towel.
There was Poo Water Dishonins.
It was an old 19...
Early 70s Cleveland band, art band.
Poo Water Dishonins.
Really?
Yes.
And they played...
Yes.
High frequency dog tones, mostly.
But they were bursted by the ASPIC...
The Society for Refurbishment of the Animal Crew.
And one man was sent to punishment for, I think, like 40 years.
My God.
My God.
My God.
What happened?
He's dead.
Peppy's been killed.
Peppy's been killed.
My God.
What happened?
He's dead.
Peppy's been killed.
He's been killed.
He's been killed.
Peppy's been killed.
I love this world.
Peppy's been killed.
What kind of place is this?
My God.
What kind of place is this?
What could have done it?
Was he a...
Probably some animal from the desert.
Oh, my God.
It was probably some animal from the desert.
I see.
I see.
This place must be full of them.
Are you talking about my dog?
Where's my dog?
Peppy?
That bird is extraterrestrial.
It comes from outer space.
From some God-forsaken antimatter galaxy.
Millions and millions of like years from the Earth.
And the Lord said,
Let children laugh.
The Lord said,
Let children laugh.
The Lord said,
Laugh.
Children laugh.
The Lord said,
Laugh.
Laugh. Laugh.
The more you mess with this bird,
the more your nozzle gets.
The longer the nozzle gets,
the stronger the armature, Dr. Peppy.
Remember when you were playing...
Why did you say that?
What did you say?
What made you say that, Dr. Peppy?
I want you to be the greatest trumpet turner
in all of the world.
What do you know about Dr. Peppy?
Dr. Peppy, calm down.
Just take off the mouthpiece.
There you're going to hurt someone.
You're not supposed to do that there.
It's a stinky, stinky place.
What do you know about Dr. Peppy and his button?
Don't press the button!
Dr. Peppy's button was
the most important turning point in my life.
Seeing the button go and swirl and grow
and become one with the rest of the audience.
I'm going to get you into a state of silence.
Without really just a bit.
This is the discarnate voice of Dr. Don Peppy,
the most...
...sensible...
Don't ever push anything with red lights on it.
Don't touch the things with red lights on them.
Hello, I'm Dr. Amano Leo Peppy,
Dr. Amano's daughter,
the child of the world's most powerful...
...soul.
Whoa!
This is the angel.
Wow.
Looks like a dead squid.
And he somehow, someway,
perhaps maybe bring it back.
And suddenly...
I saw a flying saucer.
Saucer?
You mean the kind from up there?
Yeah, well, it's gone apart.
And did you report it?
Yeah.
I radioed in immediately,
and they said,
we'll keep it quiet until you land.
And as soon as we landed,
big army brass grabbed us
and made us swear to secrecy about the whole thing.
Oh, it burns me up.
These things have been seen for years.
They're here. It's a fact.
And the public ought to know about it.
There must be something more you can do about it.
Oh, there isn't.
All but what's the use of making a fuss?
But last night I saw a flying ardu.
They couldn't have possibly been from this planet.
But I can't say a word.
A muzzle by army brass.
I can't even admit I saw the thing.
The...
It is not so that...
Good morning and welcome to the subgenius devotional hour here.
Um...
Before the normal scary time.
As the smoke of that burning goeth up forever.
That was a stink-all.
But it had lots of prophecy involved.
You heard it right here on the subgenius hour.
And lots of funny stories.



A few words.
Wonder why Fido came home with his wazoo missing.
Or wonder why those beefs like Buster and Bill
out in the parlor and the pasture are lying out there with their throats and half their rectums missing.
Well, it's because of those exists who came down to this earth one Christmas day many millennia ago
to forge a new link.
One might call it a hot link.
Between the aliens and man.
A giant sausage of knowledge from the center of the universe.
The galactic center.
Those little tykes will be able to carry on for us.
Every one of those little kids is a potential Lee Majors.
And I hope you're pleased with what we've done.
The rising generations shall have reason to praise us.
To pour out libations on our smoking altars.
And we shall know this is a non-smoking section.
The book of the subgenius.
Lunatic prophecies for the coming weird times.
Out now and on your stand.
Out now and on your stand.
Complain.
Loudly agitate and tell the store if necessary.
They are crazy.
They are crazy.
It's a question of bull dada.
And its application, of course, in the society surrounding the bull dada.
We apply it from a little disposable tube.
That's right.
Using the power shell and using the spirit code,
the Yakatizu Matrix applies the bull dada to the normals and pinks.
Time for tubby bye-bye.
Time for tubby bye-bye.
I hate this job.
Die, arrogant earth scum.
You bastard.
You piece of cock and bastard.
Catch him now, you slippery trick.
No!
Take refuge in the throat.
Take refuge in the throat.
You bastard.
You piece of cock and bastard.
You piece of cock and bastard.
No!
You piece of portfolio.
You piece of autpad.





You monangв стро 딱 n Vergleichтр ANU TRÁNG
No!
Youー


You have sealed your fate.
You have sealed your fate.
You have sealed your fate.
Adios, you sick and blocking little stinker.
You have made me very angry.
Very angry indeed.
Of course, you realize this means war.
Oh no, we're all doomed.
Launch authorization received.
Countdown sequence initiated.
Launch in progress.
Ah, crap!
Fear clutches my breath.
Launch in progress.
Launch in progress.
Oh crap, these computers, they're so naughty and so complex.
I could pitch them.
You bust!
You disembarked!
Ah!
You're in for a few.
Stop the projection.
You have sealed your fate.
You have sealed your fate.
This is my body.
This is my body.
As I was saying, Buster, this planet ain't there enough for the two of us.
Oh, off you go!
Oh, off you go!
Get down.


I'm sorry, this is just my personal advantage.
Next time, guys, go live with yer dog.
Bшr!
Some bad and boring talk.
The world is, at best, a maw Buch.


The last thing I want is a quarrel.
You can't eat a dog!
Always on the top of your system.
Heck, I'm a worm!

Let's dig heads!
This doesn't sound like such a good idea.
Oh, friends.
It's.
So it's so insane.
And that because when come the saucers, then there comes slack.
That piece was by the bishop.
Is that amazing?
Friends, happy, happy flying.
Ah, yes.
At this very moment, there have been stories filtering into the studio about other sports events being kidnapped and the entire thing taken to another planet.
That's right. These are aliens from another planet kidnapping our American sports teams.
It's not a legal problem.
It's not a political problem.
It's an alien problem.
Oh, I've never seen one.
You know, the visits from aliens need not be a painful item.
It can be quite an exciting time.
I don't personally have any desire to have it.
It's like meeting Bob.
I don't want to do it.
I just need to get you to understand exactly what's happening here at the Church of the Subgenius and the the organized crime fighting that we're doing here.
In California.
There's... Could I, uh...
Just you and some of this. Thank you.
Yes.
Squeeze my ass.
Yeah, just...
What I need to know is...
Don't squeeze mine, though. Put it... Stop that.
We are, uh... We are drinking warm liquids out of animal containers here.
We'll be looking forward to, uh...
Subgenius Foundation will release the truth about the so-called ancient astronauts real soon on this show.
Medical proof of the work instinct will be coming up also.
Oh. Oh, my.
He's checking her for her foot gland.
Oh, my. I can't watch this.
Punch up five for me, please. Thanks.
Yeah, thanks.
My video's a little bit strange.
We're going to go right now to another song by Glass Madness on... Here on Live Tape.
In the studio.
Whatcha gonna sing about at five o'clock in the morning?
Ooh-hoo!
Talking about five dogs in the church, everything in a whole big mess on the floor.
Just like a disorganized first church, a disorganized mess on the floor.
You're a little intimidated.
By joining any kind of church, you can call the church anything you want.
Foundation.
Or a club.
Or a...
Just something to look at.
We call it Church of the Fill-in-the-Blank.
And Bob Dobbs is the biggest blank to fill in you'll ever see.
And that's all it is.
Friends and neighbors out there listening tonight, we hope that you're putting your hands on the radio
and getting the full impact of this message that's coming down to you here.
Face at the very fact of your eyes, moving across the page at this very moment as you try to read your radio
is inevitably and sub-atomically decreed.
Your brain is working without your control.
You are locked into the machinations of a cosmic puppeteer who wants to...
You worked your strings so skillfully you never knew they were there.
Until now.
Feels good, doesn't it?
Oh, it feels so very good when I've got the strings bolt tight.
Oh!
But we can show you where the strings are attached and how to sync up with the puppeteer.
Will this say life after death, reincarnality, psychic powers, immortality, invisibility,
nirvana, communications, higher challenges, slack, slack, slack, so on.
The Little Altar for Bob Dobbs.
Bob Dobbs.
The Little Altar for Bob Dobbs.
The Little Altar for Bob Dobbs.
Bob Dobbs.
He has left this world, but he is with us always.
No matter where we go, he is with us.
Dead?
No madam not dead the way you know it.
He is with us always.
In the freezer.
Not dead the way you know it.
He is with us always.
We got some poodle meat in the freezer.
We got some poodle meat in the freezer for you.
We got some poodle meat in the freezer.
We got to remember the words of the pearl.
We got to remember the words of the pearl.
We got to remember the words of the pearl.
We got to remember the words of the pearl.
We got to remember the words of the pearl.
Are you ready to spank it in exuberance or just sit there and cry and dribble tears
all over that profound little thing?
We love children.
Chaz hath told they live in love or live in nectarines.
Chaz hath also told they that to lie to thy mother is to lie not only to thy father but
thy own self.
Thy own self.
Thy own self.
Thy own self.
This is a test.
For the next 60 seconds, you can choose.
will conduct a test of the emergency broadcast system.
This is only a test.
I need Biden's great one.
For the first time in my life, I am not sure.
You sound like a human, not a Roman.
Can you not verify a fact?
I recommend the bottom.
Are you people insane?
No, no, I'm just a transvestite.
What's the matter? Have you ever seen a man take off a dress before?
Look, that kid's got blisters.
I need you, transvestite. I need you, transvestite.
She's a drag, a well-known drag.
Your choice is simple.
Join us and live in peace or pursue your present course in face obliteration.
Then let me be a slaving Sodom.
Let me too, if it means perfumes and silks like these.
Hey, my pantyhose!
Your choice is simple.
Join us and live in peace or pursue your present course in face obliteration.
I need Biden's great one.
I recommend a lobotomy.
Oh!
My ovaries.
Hebrews and Sodomites, greetings.
Take me now.
We extend the hospitality of our city.
Take me now, sub-creature.
He is cute.
No, no, I'm just a transvestite.
Come to my room right after dinner.
I'll let you wear my underwear.
You are a lady from the ground up.
Give this man satin undies, a dress, a sweater, and a skirt,
or even the lounging outfit he has on,
and he's the happiest man in the world.

Naturally, you'd know I was wearing my special super thermal D long underwear.
He can work better, think better, he can play better,
and he can be more of a credit to his community and his government because he is happy.
These things are his comfort.
Don't you know the difference between a boy and a girl?
I assume my friend Gen the Sun was a boy.
Excuse me, does this look like a boy to you?
Don't you know the difference between a boy and a girl?
I assume my friend Gen the Sun was a boy.
Gentlemen, does this look like a boy to you?
Doug, you're lacking.
Please, I wish you'd stop being a boy.


Ladies and gentlemen, it seems very apparent, it seems quite unequivocal.
We, all of us, we are in hell.
God help us.
We are in hell.
We are in hell.
They love least that they know their love.
Maids say no to love.
They would have priest-trued eyes.
I follow my love into the depths of hell itself.
I want to be a woman.
Love, American style.
Truer than the red, white, and blue.
I want to be a woman.
Are you a boy or a girl?
Are you a boy or a girl?
Gentlemen, Doug, you're lacking.
I used to think that you got born and then you turned into a girl or a boy.
I used to think that you got born and then you turned into a girl or a boy.
I used to think that you got born and then you turned into a girl or a boy.
I'm just asking whether a minute.
Are you a boy or a girl?
For the first time in my life, I am not sure.
Okay, so you were born as a man but you feel that you're really a woman.
Okay, so you were born as a man but you feel that you're really a woman.
I don't remember how to behave around women of the opposite sex.
I want to see your tits, my dear.
I use my breath to get other people's attention.
Like all Americans, I like big things.

Don't touch it!
If I could only stop, but I can't stop.
I've got this thing.
I'm not talking to candle wax on the nipple.
I'm not talking to candle wax on the nipple.
Like all Americans, I like big things.
Oh, I'm touching my tits.
Don't touch it!
Oh, I'm touching my tits.
I'm so proud of my preoperative transsexual lesbian side.
I'm so proud of my preoperative transsexual lesbian side.
I can only stop, but I can't stop.
I've got this thing.
And by the way, they're real and they're spectacular.
And by the way, they're real and they're spectacular.
You're looking at my tits now.
Nice set of hooters you got there.
Who are you really and what were you before?
I am Muffin. He's a girl.
A girl?
You are a lady from the ground up.
You can call her a woman. She is a whore, officer.
You can call her a woman. She is a whore, officer.
Yes, it's true.
I am Muffin.
She was a he?
No, no, not exactly, but she did have a penis.
Well, uh, I had a little penis.
Well, uh, I had a little penis.
How can a guy be normal and go and do a thing like that to himself?
First of all, one sees a very, very bright light,
First of all, one sees a very, very bright light,
followed by a shockwave.
Five, four, three, two, one.

Two, one.
Two, one.
Sometimes I get the menstrual cramps real hard.
Sometimes I get the menstrual cramps real hard.

Stop, it's penis!
It's penis! It's penis!
It's penis!
Wow.
That would mean a total absence of genitalia.
It's kind of like turning the sock inside out.
I'm sorry.
Are you a boy or a girl?
Your choice is simple.
Are you a boy or a girl?
First time in my life I am not sure.
You're not putting mouth or rectum.
Would you do it for a scooby snack?
Your choice is simple.
Mr. Chambers, don't get on that ship.
Mr. Chambers, don't get on that ship.
I am not overreacting!
I am a teenager!
I am a teenager!
To serve men, it's a cookbook.
To serve men, it's a cookbook.
It's been stopped!
It's penis!
Something magic always happens with hot cocoa.
It's penis!
That was shallow, cheap, and based solely on hormones.
That was shallow, cheap, and based solely on hormones.
Very good. We have a winner here.
Very good. We have a winner here.
This concludes this part
of the Emergency Broadcast System.

of the Emergency Broadcast System.
And there's nothing like Connie
when you get right down to the
meat of the matter.
And oh, that's what it's all about
with Connie the Trans Connie.
with Connie the Trans Connie.
Friends, they're by lovely Reverend
Protectrix
Amazonia.
Just roll that name over your tongue.
Protectrix
Amazonia.
Yes, and you're listening
to the subgenius
radio ministry Hour
of Slack.
Friends, if you need more information about
Bob and Connie and the end
of the world and our great events
about those, then write to Bob
at Post Office Box
140306
at Post Office Box

Dallas, Texas.
That's Box 140306
Dallas, Texas. And the zip
is 75214.
is 75214.
Friends, you can also
learn about Bob at
sub site, the web
www.subgenius.com

subgenius.com.
Subgenius does not have an O in it, my dear
friends and sisters.
It is the home
of the forbidden sciences.
And that is what
you will learn about, my
friends.
We don't understand all the
super power that we have been given.
Unlike any plant, animal,
mineral, or anything else, we have
the ability to transcend time in any
of its dimensions. And instead
of being afraid of time, we should use this
power.
There is a great deal of speculation about what
is going to happen next.
The tape is ready now.
The lights have gone down just
slightly.
The Mr. Science Lecture
Series.
Volume 1, Number 1.
The Neutron.
Delivered by the Reverend Seth Deitch,
First Church of Mr. Science
Boston.
Outside the realm of conspiracy
science, and in the clear light of
the so-called forbidden sciences,
we will find we have a far greater
chance of understanding the true nature
of the universe.
What the conspiracy
feeds us under the guise of the most
vast system of natural philosophy
is nothing but a complex
sham. A decoy to hide
from us the true fact of how much bigger
and more complex and nut-wrenchingly
frightening a place the universe is.
We are told about matter and energy
and space and time as being either
consistent realities governed by laws
or as foggy abstracts that have no
particular being outside of that of
being convenient linguistic aids to
make the whole thing easier to swallow.
We at the Temporal Management Research
Facility of the Church of Mr. Science
of the Subgenius have through rigorous
probing through mountains of existing
but full-known works on the subject of
time and its methods, been able to


discover the key for blowing the whistle
on the whole fraudulent twaddle that is
modern science. This key is the
Mutron. The truth must now be told.
How it was covered up for so long
would make a story intriguing enough
for a separate book, but it's too
involved to be told here. The actual
issue at hand is the Mutron and its
pivotal role in the management of the
true cosmos. In order to properly
understand the following it must
first be made clear what actually


constitutes an elementary particle. The
first of these basic particles is the
electron which has no mass but possesses
a charge that is commonly described as
possibly infinite, thus making it the
fundamental unit of energy. It and other
related particles, i.e. positrons,
photons, gravitons, etc. acting in
concert make up the Yakutismic field
which is responsible for holding
everything that is anything together.
The second is the much rarer infinite
mass particle, the Positron. The


Positron is commonly called a black
hole. These particles, like the
electrons, occupy no space but the
influence of a single particle can be
felt at a much greater distance. They
often have event horizons many miles
wide beyond which not even light can
escape. The third fundamental particle is
the Mutron. The Mutron carries with it an
infinite temporal capacity that makes it
alter the rate and intensity and general
quality of the passage through time of
any sort of energy. The Mutron is a
very rare particle and is the only
thing it touches. The Mutron is very
likely the rarest particle in this
universe. As far as we know there might
well be only one of them, though there
could be as many as a few dozen without
generating a dangerous concentration of
Mutron phenomena. The first segment of
this report will deal with the general
implications of the Mutron in regards to
existing ideas on the workings of the
universe. The second will concern the
incredible potentialities of using the
potent forces of the Mutron in time
control research and in processing
practical time control.
Section A
Just how fucking big everything
really is.
What we know as the universe can be
envisioned as a giant atom with the
black hole acting as the nucleus and the
Mutron or Mutrons acting as the electron
cloud with the electrons providing the
energy for the Mutron to drive us
forward through time. Just about
everything else in the universe is just
so much debris cluttering up the works
of things.
The fact that there is one such atom
more than suggests the existence of
others.
The Mutron has a corresponding
anti-particle known as the tachyon
which travels through time in a
direction which we perceive as backwards
so that to someone who is not in the
know it will appear to exceed the speed
of light. The simple fact of the matter
is that tachyons are extra universal
Mutrons impinging on our universe at a
different temporal angle.
These are the Mutrons of atom universes
that ours is in constant
compound width.
After this the atomic metaphor breaks
down.
No atom of
mere matter divides itself into alternate
cells almost constantly but our
universe does.
All the time the universe splits in order
to express every alternative open to
any phenomenon transpiring within
no matter how small or seemingly
insignificant. This is
the only way our minds can express
the perception of the fifth dimension
or more properly the second dimension
of time.
So this introduces the concept of time
viewed as a plane rather than a line.
But there is another dimension of space
so is the case with time there is also
a corresponding up down time.
This is the direction in which our
mental eyes exist.
In this direction we find alternate
time tracks similar to the sidewise ones
with the difference being that those
are oriented in the direction opposed
to temporal gravity.
So that elements of those other
cells are constantly falling into our
awareness from above.
The neutron passes through all these
spaces with equal ease and is modulated
by them much like the photon is
modulated by bouncing off or passing
through matter.
Thus information of a very subtle
and distorted nature is conveyed to us
from our other universes on the
neutron express.
We call this information gnosis
and its influence has been thought to

be developed by mankind time and again
for as long back as we have records
and no doubt back to our very genesis
and before.
The earliest known neutron impact on earth
occurred in the era of the dawn of life.
The primordial sea teemed with the most
primitive of bacteria.
Their genetic material was a simple
molecule shaped like a lumpy ladder.
It was very chemically stable.
The neutron passed through earth and
spewed out a wake that left each and
every molecule of DNA twisted beyond
recognition.
In this state its stability was ruined
and any force or random glitch that
mother nature had to offer changed it
somehow.
Thus evolution had begun.
Another notable neutron impact occurred
about 60 million years ago at the end
of the age of the dinosaurs.
The particle struck and its wake left
the intelligence of the dinosaurs
increased a million fold.
They promptly sat down, figured out
how to teleport and promptly took off
on around the universe vacation
presuming that they were going to
return.
Another notable neutron impact only
about 5 million years ago was
responsible for the division of the
human and yeti races.
The vast majority of these events
however affect individual beings or
objects.
One such example is Great Britain's
Stonehenge Monument which was not
man-made as is popularly presumed but
is merely the material evidence of a
rather minor neutron splash.
Certain great mutants were found

in the site of the monument.
The great sages of the past and present
have actually had mutants pass directly
through their crania.
A partial listing of these select people
will give an idea of the effects that
may be expected of such an encounter.
Gautama Buddha, the prophet Enoch,
Ankh-Natan, Leonardo, William Beckford,
Alastair Cowley, Marcel Duchamp,
R. Buckminster Fuller, Antonio Gaudi,
Arnold Palmer, the list goes on.
It's interesting to note that J.R. Bob Dobbs
is the only known human being through
whom a meteorite can be seen.
The second neutron is passed twice.
After going through the back of his head
it was reflected by the mystic pipe of
Dobbs back through his head for a
double dose of gnosis.
In the light of this particular view
one might ask, what about the big bang
and all that stuff?
Well, it seems that matter does not play
a very big role in the actual nuts and
bolts operation of the universe.
In fact, we find that it is the case
in about half the universe's sample
that there is no matter at all.
Section B. What we must do about all this.
It is well known that the electron
can be pressed into service for all kinds of uses.
It might be less well known that alien civilizations
of a level only slightly more advanced than ours
routinely use the enormous power made available
by tapping into the gravity fluxes
of quantum black holes.
It's also possible to use the time potentials
of the neutron to our own great advantage.
The neutron is not subject to the same methods
of coercion that we use to bend normal
subatomic particles to our will.
They are oblivious to matter and energy


alike. The power of pure thought
because of its intimate relationship
with time does have some small effect.
Neutrons are attracted to areas
of concentrated slackful enlightenment.
A neutron container accelerator
could be charged with a neutron
if enough slackful minds concentrated
their energies around a scoop entrance
to the neutron accelerator.
Once contained therein,
it would take relatively little effort
on the part of these minds
to maintain it in a circular path.
One pure thought can be used
to determine the size of the accelerator.
A purely technical problem facing this proposal
is the size of the accelerator needed.
It is a property of the neutron
that it will only travel in the most gentle of curves.
The minimum diameter of a circle
to be traveled by a neutron
is approximately 1,000 miles.
Fortunately, we have easy access
to an extraterrestrial body
more than three times that size
Earth's moon.
The accelerator can be built in a ring
completely circumnavigating the lunar sphere
about 100 feet below its surface.
Because of the mental effort that would run it,
it would be known as the psychotron.
The psychotron would be a valuable tool
in the use of practical time control.
By accelerating the neutron
in one direction or another,
the entire moon could be induced
to follow it in whatever temporal direction
it might be directed.
Forward, backward, sideways, or up-down.
Having this ability opens amazing possibilities.
It is my proposal
that this device be constructed
for use in a major project
to concentrate high slack
and high-intensity time
in the universe.
The single most radiant personality
among modern man is J.R. Bob Dobbs.
There are other alternate Bobs
existing in other alternate time tracks.
Not all of them are as prominent
as our Bob,
but still are privy to the same great gnosis.
Others are already the rulers
of their respective Earths.
All, though, are truly Bob.
Imagine if we could travel
to those alternative time streams
and convince all of those Bobs
to be the best in the world.
This is exactly what I am suggesting.
The formation of the Congress of Bobs.
Yes, my friends, this is our mission.
Those who wish to donate
to the Psychotron Project
will be given a free ride
to the alternate world of their choice
once the project is complete.
Thank you.
The Mutron by Dr. Ahmed Fishmonger
from the 1980s.
The most amazing piece
of time control ever. Thank you.
Transcripted by www.subtext-berlin.com
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
What I want to know is, when I talk to somebody, is he real when I'm talking to him?
Only when you're talking to him is he real.
When he tries to answer, he becomes tape again.
Oh, my God. Is this for real?
No, no, no. This is just a tape. Relax.
It is not the day before or the week between.
It's just the show.
The show that, yes, was thrown into the bay three weeks ago
and struggled free of its chains and floated up, swam back to the studio here,
climbed up the antenna, and is now running all the way down those little air wires right into your ears.
Hi, you're still on the air. There will be a test on this show.
Stay tuned. You never know when you're here or not on this show because there are so many doctors.
Just a few dugs, sprinkle a few Gary's, drop a few bobs over here.
Yes, I'm sorry, listener. You've got a real problem now.
They're alive all the time.
You're still there for no reason at all.
What is that red button over there, dude?
Go ahead, please.
You know, brand or scheme.
