And, uh...
Let's just try this one.
The future is no longer in your imagination.
The airwaves form over a decade.
The power of hot K-N-O-N.
In, in, in, in!
Up loud!
Wow-wow-wow!
The windshield!
Ah, yes.
Sounds so purty.
Cartridge there from the other show.
And how come we're not hearing...
There we go.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Just settle back.
Everything will be okay.
A-okay.
In no time.
Just you wait and see.
I think it'll be okay.
I had a bad omen a little while ago.
I'll have to go.
I'll tell you about that.
Ha ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha ha!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Yep.
The subgenius is back.
It's the subgenius.
Ha ha ha ha!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ha ha ha ha!

Fellas, we need to find out what this, the Black Lodge, has to do with that.
The subgenius.
The subgenius.
Hour of Slack!
You wouldn't believe there's a connection.
Ah!
Windham Earl does, Harry.
The subgenius.
The subgenius.
Ah!

I have not and will not accept or receive any reimbursement or payment in cash or in kind for any station announcement or programming.
I understand that I am allowed to accept up to two concert or performance tickets and one promotional copy of a record, tape or CD, but not all three configurations of the same recording.
If it helps me to better prepare and present my program, I understand and agree to abide by that policy, the above policy.
Thank you.
This is your host, Reverend Ivan Stang.
Yes, dear friend.
Ah!
And we have a little guest here today, as I speak, with an unknown name.









switch tapes around.
Young Sivit.
Sivit Stang is here.
Sivit, did you have something to say?
Happy Father's Day to you poor fathers out there.
Oh, what a sweet statement of intent
and no conflict of interest whatsoever here, dear friends.
Well, tonight in part three of the subgenius show,
radio ministry hour of slack show,
we will present a part three,
the Sterno expeditions of 91,
the Tevonian victories in the Glen of Roses,
the ball in San Frismo,
the capture of Stang,
his escape and syndication at the Battle of Lili Jing,
the College of Euhipus revolt,
and the ancient spirits
of the years,
of the pities,
of the spirits sinister and ironic,
the spirit of rumor in battle
with the recording angels and the rest.
But simply a mental performance.
The show is now recorded in a vast domed shaped room,
allowing for application of the Horatian formula
et pictura poesis in a spray can motif.
The figures are created in a rocket away
interocitor container MK4 out on the street
and can be transported anywhere through the air.
Listeners are reminded to wear
mopper gloves,
and to wear a mask.
The show is broadcast in the number four systems
when the show is broadcasting.
Films of safety stand down drills at 0500.
No writing.
It says puzzling evidence.
Ah yes, dear friends.
The Church of the Subgenius, a parody of weird cults,
has some 3,000 devoted members who have bought
thousands of pamphlets, stickers, cassettes, and t-shirts,
all bearing the trademark of Bob's smiling face
with a pipe stuck in his mouth.
Don't you feel responsible for trying to help this endangered planet?
No?
Good.
The fact is, it's too late.
Everybody says I'm paranoid.
They all think I'm crazy.
They all smile to my face.
But they'd like to see me die.
And to attain this lack of Bob,
a subgenius must fight a vast and powerful conspiracy,
what Pope Meyer calls the pinks.
Pink is sort of that ruddy glow in the cheeks you see on people
who want to sell you something you don't really need,
who want to take away that which means the most to you
and give it back to you
for a profit.
Now, who has come along to save us from this conspiracy?
This conspiracy that will feed you this trash?
It's Bob.
It's the human condition.
It's things falling apart.
It's fat ladies in double-knit jumpsuits beating their kids in Kroger's.
Because you have the sensitivity to understand,
I offer you more than your wildest dreams.
You'll become the mother of a new race of gods.
You'll inspire the universe.
I could sweep you out of existence with a wave of my hand and bring you back again.
I can give life or death.
What else does mankind demand of its gods?
Mankind has no need for gods.
Hey, what's going on here?
He has a robot.
Along with Bob, the pursuit of slack,
Bob's


and a conspiracy of pinks,
the subgenius theology includes a vision of the apocalypse.
According to church doctrine,
on July 5th, 1998,
when the television signal of Amos and Andy reaches the men from Planet X,
the aliens will unleash their wrath upon the Earth.
Did you hear what he was saying?
What we know, sir,
none but the whole thing is war.
Yeah!
Oh, what you perceive,
oh, oh, oh, oh,
is not a lonely force to use.
Yeah, oh, oh, oh, oh,
And so the Church of the Subgenius offers hope to a disbelieving world.
There is a lot to laugh about here,
but Reverend Ivan Stang says the subgenius message is not to be taken lightly.
There you go.
Cultivate evil for the sake of evil, nothing else.
They express themselves in darkness,
or darkness without leavening motive.
Now, this ardent purity allows them to access a secret place
where the cultivation of evil proceeds in exponential fashion,
and with it, the furtherance of evil's resulting power.
This place of power is tangible,
and as such, it can be found, entered, and perhaps utilized
in some fashion.
You don't believe me, do you?
You think I'm mad?
Overworked?
Go away.
I was kind of worried about Dallas.
It was the so-called hotbed of birchism.
And it just seemed if there was any place in Texas where we'd have trouble,
we would have trouble there.
They say the cult may look weird,
and shocking today,
but a year from now,
when the presidential campaign heats up,
and people see the choices they're truly confronted with,
they will run to Bob with open arms
as the only sane alternative.
Upcoming revival meetings will be held in Chicago,
Austin, Texas, Baltimore, and Minneapolis.
Oh, and there's one of those upcoming revival meetings
heard in the background right now.
Ooh, looks like a messy one.
Yeah, they're a lot of fun, friends.
Actually, those revival meetings will not be held in Minneapolis
or any of those other places,
but I thought that would be a good place to tell you
that there are some upcoming revival meetings,
none of them around here.
Upcoming subgenius events include the Big X Day party
in Austin, Texas, on July 5th,
and we'll be talking about that in more detail
with Pastor Buck Naked next week.
So set your calendars.
X Day, every X Day, July 5th,
there's a party in Austin that I can't go to
because on July 5th, my family tries to stay above the earth
in airplanes or something,
and this July 5th, when that party's going on,
we'll be landing in Asuncion, Paraguay,
if things go according to schedule,
on our way to the Green Hell outpost.
We'll be landing in the northwest of Dobstown,
Dobstown 2 in the Amazonian jungles.
There will be a subgenius revival of some kind
at the Fantasy Fair,
Dallas Park Plaza Hotel downtown,
on July 20th,
July 20th, Fantasy Fair,
and, well, I'm going to be,
we're going to be flying around over Asuncion, Paraguay again
at that exact moment, I just found out,
but I'm sure we'll show the finished subgenius
MTV video and so forth,
and we'll think of something,
you don't need Reverend Stang to have a D-vival.
And then, of course, in July 26th,
the Starwood Pagan Naked Witches Wildness thing
in Sherman, New York.
For information, those of you with tape recorders
can call 216-932-5421,
and in November, I'm not sure when,
the Phenomicon in Atlanta, Georgia,
starring yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang
and Pope Bob Anton Wilson.
And dear friends, you know, there's three,
three count them, radio shows that people in the Bay,
three subgenius radio shows that people in the Bay Area
can now listen to.
And, in fact, they, two of them are on at the same time.
Doesn't that just figure?
There's Father Joe Mama's show at KZHU,
Stanford, Sunday at, well, actually,
The Hour of Slack, who are listeners in Stanford, California,
plays Sunday at midnight, KZHU at Stanford.
And, of course, you can get up at 4.30 in the morning,
in Berkeley, and listen to KPFA, Saturdays,
4.30 in the morning, the show.
And the new one, KZHU, the subgenius show,
once again, Saturday mornings, 4 a.m.
on KHSU, 90.5 FM, for those of you far, far away.
And that's the way it is.
Here again.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
I'm part of the state
Stood against the decree
I knew it, thought I'd keep
I can't do this to see you sicker
I'm sick of all
I'm sick and sick and sick and sick and sick and sick and sick and sick of all
Don't call me Steve.
Don't.
Is that my show?
Stupid me.
Oh, we need a, yes, we need new side beat coming up here.
I forgot to, uh, over here.
Hey, some more show, man.
Hey, some more show.
Okay, now we're marching the little show ant troops around.
Here we go.
Yeah, we're the camp followers.
Come on, it's only 618.
You just getting up for work Monday morning?
Watch my show while I go out for a minute.
Oh, it won't go anywhere.
Anyway, I went out there.
Sure enough, the cats had a big old rat out there.
They were just like a field rat.
It was easy.
So, uh, I didn't want it eating that rat.
Then when the rat ate the cat.
I just picked up the rat up by the tail and I walked up the house.
And I took the burp.
And that sucker was working about 5,000 RPM.
And he just bedded down through there getting courage.
While I was holding on to the tail.
And the old burp just went off and off and off and off.
And I just beat up the little old ant.
And the old dethrone, he was just sinking.
He was vibrating up and down.
And I was like jumping about 25% dethrone.
I thought I was going back.
First met up with him back in the con TN myself.
Big as puppies.
And they had no fear.
Not a death.
Nothing.
Because the VC, we learn them with a hot meal.
Now, do you have any idea what a VC rat is?
Try raw American whole mayo.
Thank you.
Come.
This way.
Serve enough meal.
Real nice and fancy.
They do stick one of our boys to the ground.
Through his hands.
Through his feet they do.
Stick him.
Like Jesus.
Then they make the cut just above the abdomen.
Now, this wasn't a fatal cut.
This is merely an intro.
Then they get a rat.
A real hungry rat.
One they haven't been feeding for about a week.
And they do it.
And they stick his nose down inside.
And if the damn thing wasn't starving enough.
They cover it with a flaming rice bone.
Let me tell you.
That gray black son of a bitch would have nowhere else to go but inside.
And he starts turning his way through looking to come into that loud deep sound.
And then.
And then.







I saw that thing he see.
Ow.
That little goat.



This is my old town association.







This city.
I haven't seen it.
I don't think I've seen this anywhere.

Just hold on.
Hold on.

Oh, that's the way it is.


Just dig into the room.

And, uh.
Anybody close the door, Frank.
Not me.
There's some music from Reverend Zoot Allors.
Pretty music here.
Listen in headphones, please.
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
Because when I listen to it, I get a headache.
My show? Your own dad's show gives you a headache?
Why? How come?
Because you're my daddy.
I see. Figures.
Yeah. That's my girl.
And may all your Christmas is be well.
That there was this cabal of men who had been working together at least since 1960
when they had put together a group to assassinate Fidel Castro and Raul Castro
and that they were engaged in criminal operations against Cuba
and then in 1965 were the same group of guys involved in criminal operations

in Laos and Cambodia and Thailand, involved in narcotics smuggling to get funds
to fund things that Congress wasn't approving.
That was one of the original reactions of the liberal community
is that this was outrageous to be suggesting that there had been this long-term conspiracy
of just a small group of men doing these similar things over and over again.
And one of the areas that got a lot of attention...
...the entire adult life, as a matter of fact, behind the veil of national security...
...I remember my oath of allegiance, Roy, was not to shred documents.
It wasn't to lie before the U.S. Congress.
It wasn't to cover up my boss's wrongdoings.
My oath of allegiance was the United States of America
and to defend the Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic.
A lot of people, including, I believe, Oliver North,
if he would have remembered his oath of allegiance,
might have gone back...
...and done it differently than he did.
I have been a soldier all my adult life.
All I've ever wanted to do was wear the uniform of the United States.
And I've done so proudly and successfully.
But it doesn't mean that I'm dumb.
I may have been born in the dark, but I wasn't born yesterday.
When my country is beset with a sickness,
as a human body might be with a cancer,
then I think there's a duty to excise it.
And the very fact is that America is in more trouble right now
than it ever has been during World War I, World War II, Korea, Vietnam, the Gulf War.
And it's a time for real patriots, real warriors, to come out and be valiant
and take a stand before we wake up someday, Roy,
and try to figure out who stole America.
There are only three kinds of people that I've found in this world.
Some who wait for things to happen,
a whole bunch who wonder what happened,
and a few who make things happen.
Theodore Shackley, who went on to become the director of corporate operations for George Bush,
when Bush was the director of the CIA,
that this man had been the CIA station chief in Laos,
and had been working with Richard Secord and Jack Singaloud,
and the same group of men,
and that they had been involved in
thwarting a major opium trafficker by the name of Van Pao,
a member of the Hmong tribe,
and that they were working with him smuggling opium,
and that funds from a portion of the profits from this opium smuggling
was being used to finance the training of a political assassination group
within the Hmong tribe directed against the Pathet Lao.
There's no such thing as national security right now.
The most important thing is,
we're not keeping secrets from the Russians.
We've got Mikhail Gorbachev as our man of the decade.
We're keeping secrets from the American people.
And any time that you've got a country where men are above the law,
you have a tyranny.
And we have been admonished to watch out for things like that
by great patriots such as Thomas Jefferson.
So I'm doing my duty right now.
I'm doing guard duty for America.
I'm here to let you know what's going on.
I'm not here to save anybody.
The battles are going to be fought individually.
And collectively.
A lot of the people listening, Roy,
will probably figure,
oh gosh, my arms aren't long enough to reach around this problem.
I'm a little person.
My voice can't be heard in Washington, D.C.
But together, things happen.
And you can't say that small groups of people
don't cause things to happen,
because when you look back in history,
that's exactly who causes things to happen.
It was a minority that took over this nation from Great Britain.
It'll be a minority that sustains the Constitution and this nation,
I think, in the peril we face today.
The United States military in Vietnam was a secret Nazi military.
And the Vietnamese freedom fighters and Viet Cong and the communists
defeated these secret Nazi military people over in Vietnam.
And kept South Vietnam and North Vietnam from coming under the secret Nazi control
by the United States of America and the West.
If you can't join the Communist Party
in fighting the underground,
for freedom and democracy,
to rule the world,
and defeat secret Nazi and open Nazi dictatorships on Earth,
and to keep those plans all the way,
then this is Radio Moscow on your shortwave radio.
Keep in touch with Radio Moscow.
That's where the truth comes from,
is Radio Moscow and other communist countries.
But mainly Radio Moscow is the radio you want to listen to
to get information about what's happening around the world
and the truth about what's going on around the world.
Now they're operating on that singer.
If I have to witness this one more time, I think I'll...
See this stuff.


One of these mornings
Yeah, don't show us The Witness any one more time.
Bob comes creepin' in the loo
And remove the entire top of the grave
One of these mornings
Okay, now we're taking the top of the head off.
Don't let her confirm that.
Oh, I fainted
in my secular incision in the Durach Matar
Durach Matar? It doesn't matter?
You're right.
One of these mornings
Old man Bob comes creepin' in the loo
me
now if that isn't scary what is creeping down the drain
oh
attention tension between right and left show
show's over let's go
welcome to the squirt universe folks
new age kind of universe
jr bob dobbs says this is the sporting universe
be ready yourself for the big squirt my friend
yep you gotta be ready
for it
i've got the will lord if you've got the toe
dropkick me jesus through the goal post of life
and over him neither left nor right
straight through the heart of him righteous uprights
dropkick me jesus through the goal post of life

the goal post of life
reach or clean
the
the
the
the
the
the
the

chain edge go ahead hey mike thanks for calling one has to admire what you're trying to do
because if we could ever get a large body of
people to agree on anything uh the world would certainly be a better place
but if you know your history and i know you do about the early church there's always been dissension
the disciples of jesus descended with paul in his version of of the message of jesus
and uh when the church finally did get power one of the first things it did was started to
persecute those that didn't agree with the authority i'm afraid that that as long as we have
as long as we're able to think freely uh we're going to have different points of view and different interpretations
i know something they don't know i know something young dale merely suspects
project blue book little men pee wits loaded with optimism they were a deterrent so slight it was practically encouragement
you would have appreciated the doug puzzlio ancient sorcerers bent on evil
doug quaz
the dead rather like the kali worshipers in india another fine bunch of zanies i can tell you
blood for breakfast blood for lunch
those were the good old days that kind of nonsense has always been going on
so um again i think that that you're fighting against human nature here unless you're willing
to have a kind of almost like total mind control where people are fed a dogma and they can't deviate
from that and they're attached to something that's really not their own they're not their
taught that from childhood and not allowed to think beyond that,
but even that has proven not to work.
Well, yeah, it would depend.
The only way I'd be for total mind control
is to establish the fact that the mind that we're thinking with is Jesus.
If we are thinking with a mind of pride.
Here.
Dropkick me, Jesus, through the goalpost of life
Hand over hand, neither left nor right
Straight through the heart of the righteous of Christ
Dropkick me, Jesus, through the goalpost of life
Hey, every apostle of Christ was a dreadlocked bearded man
Every apostle of Christ was a dreadlocked Ethiopian
This is a message to all church and denomination
Respect is due to be dreaded as the man
Because you've never seen the image of a fallen Jesus yet
Hey, I have never seen the image of a fallen Jesus yet
I have never seen the image of a fallen Jesus yet
He is a cold and dreadlocked Nazarene man
Look in yourselves and trust me, Jesus, that you are not alone in this world.
I do understand why you've never seen the image of a fallen Jesus yet
Oh, yes
By the old time religion
By the old time religion
By the old time religion
Because it is good enough, all right
If it was good for Moses and David
If it was good for David and Solomon
And, yeah
Shedrach, Meshach, and Abednego

And, yeah, I'm not going to be a Christian
All right, guys
Now, if you can somehow get Christians to think about those things
And stop thinking about, you know, these other crazy nonsense things
That really don't have very much to do
I think that you're going to find a little more success
Than trying to get everybody to agree about doctrines
All right, man, thank you much
So what's the point, Bob?
The point is that people have always been afraid
And the governments have always been afraid of that
And the governments have always been afraid of that

And the governments have always been afraid of that

When you have the kind of big governments in the world
Like we do today with nuclear weapons
People ought to be afraid
And it's really only sensible
Bob
Some kind of action
Bob
You know, I'm not sure her prediction is going to come true or not
Bob, in 1977, she was saying
Stockpile gold and silver, the end is coming
Yeah, well, hey, so
Let it, let it
Get out Pat Robertson about this kind of stuff
Pat Robertson, get off Pat Robertson
What's Pat Robertson got to do?
You want to start judging?
Pat Robertson isn't
Pat Robertson isn't
Pat Robertson is not building bomb shelters
Pat Robertson isn't channeling demons
He'd like to cast a few out
How do you know he's not channeling demons?
Oh, give me a break
The man professes faith in Christ
And his evangelical testimony at Witness and Theology
You know the Bible a lot better than me
And you surely ought to know
That the devil can quote Scripture pretty well
Oh, get off
What are you?
Are you a prophet?
Dropkick me, Jesus
Don't post a post

I'm going to bite
Oh, make me, oh make me, Lord
More than I have
Make me your master game plan
Free from the earth with a tentacled chin below
I've got the will, Lord, if you've got the toe
Oh, yes, dear friends, a beautiful sequence there.
Dropkick me, Jesus, on the ground.

Kick Me Jesus, of course, by the Wheeler Dealers,
including Brother Cleve Duncan on the accordion there.
Before that, Reverend D. Lee Lama on Bob, Bob, Bob Larson's show.
And happy Father's Day to D. Lee Lama there and Alexandra Eileen.
And I've got a new tape that sort of applies to the subject matter
by a band called The Uninvited, Mick Maldonado and The Uninvited.
Yes.
The Uninvited
The Uninvited
The Uninvited
The Uninvited
The Uninvited
The Uninvited
The Uninvited
The Uninvited
The Uninvited
The Uninvited
The Uninvited
The Uninvited
This show just fits in this plastic bag, see?
Plastic bag.
They take some tap water and just pour it in the bag,
and they stick your little goldfish in there.
You could get, the same place you get the goldfish,
you could buy little ducks and little rabbits.
You could buy another,
what I really liked was the little turtles that they painted the backs.
They'd paint the backs, and they'd paint them like different colors,
and nobody knew at the time that it caused a long, slow, painful death
to those turtles to paint their backs that way.
They would have to grow with the paint on their backs,
and the little shells, little plates of their shell couldn't expand properly,
causing unbelievably intense pain over the duration of their entire life.
But that was just secondary to the enjoyment that the little child got
from witnessing the struggle for life
that that small little reptilian creature,
exhibited.
It began innocuously enough with three days of mind-blowing procedural debate
and query readings of committee reports,
like most conventions, all about as interesting as a mole on the Pope's behind.
But at the end of the third day,
the First International Congress of the Church of the Subgenius
erupted into a full-fledged riot over the forced resignation of Church Leader Reverend Ivan Stang,
involved in the recent no-sex scandal,
the cult violence which left over 35 dead and scores more injured or missing,
lasted over 36 hours.
Well, we finally got rid of that guy.
I was glad about that.
None of the dead or injured belonged to the Church.
When interviewed about this, several old men stated...
What's that?
How did you get rid of that Ivan Stang guy?
Well, it took a combination of perseverance, power, personal power,
and...
Poison oak?
Poison oak.
Yeah, we actually took poison oak.
We tortured it.
We have unique out first signs
that this reality is not real.
It's just a matter of time before it's unravelling.
Like if the chair you're sitting on suddenly dissolves.
Odds are it wasn't beamed up to the ship like on Star Trek.
It's your reality falling apart at the edges.
And there's nothing you can do about it.
You might as well just enjoy it.
Reality will collapse.
And then there are advantages to reality collapsing.
If your job is part of your reality and it collapses,
well, hey, you don't need to go to work.
Won't need to pay your electric bill.
If the whole power company is just a figment of your imagination.
Don't even have to brush your teeth.
Your teeth are imaginary too, as well as those nasty germs.
So if you find yourself in a disembodied void,
surrounded by color and light,
and nothing around you makes any sense,
take advantage of it.
Could be fun.
So,
I'm not going to be the one to tell you


how to create the super- stewardess of the Makluks Reading Ladder,
is it?
I'm going to be
an abominable lover of仇,
who will make relations with seven werewolves.
Reflecting on those mistakes you stole from archaeology civilization,
I'llrudely present theolinus with my final vision of male middle child,
the ark of Kabbi's last life.
How do I put that here?
show here you're listening to the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack and uh the most
recent thing you just heard was uh from the khsu grant the greasy knoll project there are the boys
that took the khsu subgenius show some more daily llama before that um talking about elizabeth
claire profits uh bomb shelters with the great bob larson uh i don't know who did the bald head
jesus song uh let's see oh you heard uh the christic institute uh representatives talking
there and also colonel bo greitz uh blowing the whistle on the conspiracy in government
a bit of the great dan ashwander and of course lots and lots of uh k the kpfa show that dare
not speak its name with dr phyla drummond guesting uh yes dear friends and you know
there's some interesting news i got out of the sunday paper
uh
america's religious education contradictory surveys find new york puzzles and peculiarities
abound in information turned up by surveys of religious conditions in america like these
quirks most people say they read the bible regularly but are uncertain about its features
for example fewer than half know who delivered the sermon on the mount
jesus did for you
thisy
is creed
making clear the difference between egyptian
delivery is crypto
is spreading the false call and greater


color
and the
弊
cancer
cook
in your house
loo
Easter, but a fourth of them don't know what Easter signifies. It signifies the
escape by Jesus on UFOs. Despite churchly laments about moral relativism and a
loss of the sense of right and wrong, 85% of Americans agree that there are clear
moral guidelines of what's good or evil that apply to everyone. Three-fourths
believe in heaven, and most think they're going there. I bet you do. 60% believe in
hell, but only 4% see much chance of getting there. Oh, that's what they all say. These are
among curiosities found in recent surveys by the Gallup Organization, usually of
about 1,200 adults, and summarized by its Princeton religious reader. Figures
collected through nationwide
telephone interviews for 13 months have found that 86.5% of the population is
Christian and 1.8% is Jewish. Where variety showed up was in the many kinds
of Christians, the denominational diversity that historically has
typified the United States. In the survey, 75% said they had no religion. No, I'm
sorry, friends, this is important. 7.5% of Americans said they had no religion.
And that's the only thing that's important.
And 2.2% declined to identify their religion. And friends, that 2.2%, that's us and half
of the Jews. In the recent Gallup surveys, 82% of Americans said they believe the Bible
is either the literal or inspired word of God, and more than half said they read the
Bible at least monthly. But half could not name any of the four gospels of the New Testament,
which are Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. Take a look.


Take notes, kids. The other half could name at least one. Well, what does this tell you,
friends, that half of them are really dumb? But on the other hand, who killed Will Frazier?
The subgenius movement was Will Frazier's entire life and his consuming passion for 15 years.
From the time he was a teenager, he hungrily immersed himself in Bob
Bob's occultism. Satan was pleased. By the age of 30, an uncanny sequence of dramatic
events had propelled the brilliant Will of Dobbs into a meteoric rise to international
renown as an expert in crystal powers and subgenius religion.
Will Frazier had two acclaimed books published by one of America's largest publishers. His
subgenius work was featured on TV's 2020. He was able to write his own ticket on the
National Lecture Circuit.
As a famous star on the subgenius scene, he was riding high. But one day, unexpectedly,
a dark and hideous force entered Will Frazier's life. Overpowered, he was sucked into an incredible
vortex of unimaginable evil and blackness. In desperation, Will cried out,
Jesus help me, and from that moment, Will Frazier's life changed totally.
Saved from doom above the grace of God inside the subgenius world.





nightmare is Will Frazier's revealing expose of what the subgenius really stands for. Here is the
church of the subgenius in all its meanness and brutality, the deceptive plan to murder and
eliminate Christians, the scheme to usher in an occult messiah, and the plot to demonize every man,
woman, and child, and much, much more. Just days before this book was released, Will Frazier was
found dead. The police report states only that his car veered mysteriously off a 300-foot cliff
into the rocky valley below. Yes, dear friends, a frightening, frightening thing, but, but you know,
you can, you can get away from it, friends. You can get away from it by doing this.
Write for free information on the church of the subgenius.
Yeah, that's right.
You just drop us a postcard. It's easy. And say on the postcard,
oh, dear Bob, send me free information. And that number to write to is, of course,
Bob at post office box 140306. That's box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214. Yeah. And that's 75214.
That's what this book is all about.
Free information from the church of the subgenius, whose radio show you have been listening to.
This is your host, Reverend Ivan Stang. This is the subgenius radio ministry,
our slack, and, and, and...
This is the swinging love corpses in the background. Please stay tuned.
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm

I'm
I'm

I'm

I'm
¶¶
¶¶
And this is Mojo Nixon coming home to take us out.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I saw Al and Arby's.
I saw Moses at McDonald's.
I saw the Ram-A-Lam-A from Alabama at the barbecue pit on University.
Gee, I saw, I saw, I saw Buddha at a Burger King.
I saw Joey at a Jack in the Box.
I just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just can't stop, yeah.
I saw Mother Mary at a Roberto's on El Cajon.
Man, I'm in a twat.
So, so, so, so.
And there I was.
I woke up and I was kind of standing.
I was kind of someplace.
Out where the, out where the interstates turn to dirt.
Out past the fire roads.
Out past Route 140.
Down, down where the train trestles go over the graveyard.
Back behind the dynamo.
Back beside Route 140.
Yeah, I'm still out by Otah Lakes Road.
Underneath the water tower.
I got a thousand.
Why, why, why, why, why the power?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I was in a fine.
You know, when Jesus walks up to me and he says, Mojo.
Mojo, I'm going to take you to some place you need to be.
And I said, I said, take me Jesus.
And Jesus took me.
There we were.
I looked around.
I looked around and all I saw was couches.
Everywhere I looked I saw couches.
Not the kind you want to sit on, but the kind you want to, the kind you want to sleep on, you know.
And it was like these bonfires and big cauldrons on top of them.
With generic yellow label, Top Ramen just boiling away.
Boiling away, way, way, way.
It was going everywhere.
And the trees had these kind of beer taps on them.
And out of them was coming this strange mixture of food, barns, gin, and Mountain Dew.
And I said, I love, love, love, love, love, love, love you.
Oh, yeah.
I was feeling so fine, so fine.
I was about to go out of my mind.
I saw the entire Robert Johnson, John Lee, Hooker, Muddy Waters record collection stretched before me.
And a brand new stereo.
I got a thousand watts of power.
I got a new car.
It's got a second gear.
And I'm feeling fine.
I ain't going to work no day job no more because that's not my life.
That's not my wife.
I'm going to cut it out with a knife.
So I asked Jesus.
I said, man, like, where am I?
Jesus kind of scratched his chin.
And he hadn't shaved in a while.
And he said, Mojo?
Mojo?
I said, am I?
I'm at the big rock candy mountain.
He said, no.
I said, am I in paradise?
He said, no.
I said, is this like the upstairs, you know, heaven?
He said, no.
Jesus looked up in the sky.
And there was a big white thing up in the sky.
And there were these kind of lines going across.
And the hair on the back of my neck stood up.
And Jesus said, I feel fine because, because, because I'm down by the power of life.
That's why I feel so fine.
That's why I'm holding my mind.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I said, I'm down, down, down, down, down by the power of life.
La, la, la, la, la, la, feel so, feel so, feel so, feel so down by the power of life.
I feel, feel, feel so fine.
Ain't that right, spirit?
Oh, yeah.
I said, I'm down by the power of life.
I'm doing all right, OK.
Hey, hey, hey.
It's just a trickle.
My luck's on bail.
Oh, yeah.

My luck won't bail on a, on a, on a hill or hill.
I'm down, down, down by the power of life.
By the power of life.
I'm down by the power of life.
Let's go, yeah, oh yeah.
Oh, oh, oh.
Keep it going, boy.
Keep it going, boy.
