Dim dawn, the wretch has fled, the rich old fuck is out of luck.
Dim dawn, the rich old wretch has fled.
Wake up, you MAGA heads, drop QAnon, try Dobbs instead.
Frop on up, the rich old wretch has fled.
He's gone where the swamp things go below, below Mar-a-la-go.
Let's tear things up and sing, and kick the bums out.
Dim dawn, the rich old wretch has fled.
Thank you all.
Radio has correctly been called the theater of imagination.
Listeners were essential partners in the creative process on programs like
Suspense, Lights Out, Inner Sanctum, and
The Self Genius.
Power.
Oh, yeah.
What?
Well, I'll tell my daddy not to steal anymore, and I'll make him get a real job.
Yeah, pretty soon.
First arrangement.
The first arrangement.
Made.
To sit down slowly, making sure the head muscles don't move too much, causing the brain to
move around in the brain case.
Making sure all the dendrites are connected so that no one knows.
No one knows.
No one knows.
No one knows.








Genetic engineers working in secret laboratories in medieval castles are now able to create
an onion that will not make Mr. and Mrs. Hustler cry.
He doesn't even have a body, he's still a head.
Yea, verily, for Bob should be praised.
He is being praised.

This is how we praise Bob.
This is how we polish Bob's mom.
This is the way we worship our Bob.
We take care of Bob like no one else.
Repeat after me.
No, you repeat after me.
Bob is ice.
Bob appears and Bob is light.
Bob is nice.

Bob is nice.
You know, just saying it doesn't make it so.
Bob is not nice.
Yea, verily.
Yea, verily.
I know, if Bob's looking in the window, are you the servant that opens it so he can piss
in?
Weep no more.
I know about that one.
Onions will let the wind blow.




I only know about it because I had to seek out the magic towel that night.
Well, you shouldn't have.
You should have been able to contain yourself.
Again and again and again and again.
It makes me want to go to Grandview Camping Center and watch kill them sitting there by...
Bob never goes down.

Bob is always up.
He's always up.
Always up, dude.
He never has to seek out the adult catalogs that other subgeniuses do.
And you must receive slack in Bob.
Those subgeniuses.
It's always too cheap to get on their own computer and just seek out...
Now, you be nice to their little phone people.
Tiny little catalogs.
At 848-4425.
420, 520.
You have suggested...
520 man is mounted and moving.
Massive collections.
Now, let's not get dirty here.
Massively large, huge, erect collections.
Moving toward bridge.
Oh, he's away from the bridge.
Don't worry about it.
Oh, don't worry about it.
It's just puzzling evidence.







I'll be damned.
Nice, he's gone.
So, talks abouthl a mushroom at
7.10 today when I was out at the mini bath during theата yard.
Eh, I'm out on my feet.
That's it, folks.
weeks of physical therapy in the form of controlled torture.
And by gobs, it actually worked.
Slow and steady.
No pain, no gain.
Regular application of the poop dog hat and hourly exposures to the photo of that.
Plus endless repetitious stretches.
If you feel, you heal.
And I had lots of feels.
In fact, friends, I guess I've been denying the severity of my little arthritic aches and pains for a longer time than I wanted to even remember.
I keep seeing ancient evidence that all that hauling of stage props, cases of subgenius swag products and PA gear was stressing my skinny little backbones.
That's been going on for so long it just became background noise.
For two years.
20 years.
For instance, I found this recording from the year of 2001.
It's me preaching like a sailor at the Beachland Ballroom in Cleveland during a devival with Einstein's Secret Orchestra.
This exactly dates the first time I started bitching about my aching back in public.
No wonder I cussed so much then.
I know that some of the young people here are not going to like to hear this, but I really did have to quit smoking and drinking to excess.
But I would not recommend that to everybody.
No.
Because sometimes you have to smoke and drink to excess just to stay alive.
I'm afraid I know how that is too.
But my friend, there is an ultimate narcotic.
And it's one that I wish I had more of right this very day.
I'm going to tell you about it in just a second.
That ultimate narcotic is sleep.
Sleep.
Oh my God.
And food, my friend.
Food is the only kind of speed that you never crash from.
Now I know I sound sort of like mom saying all that.
But some plain old common sense things are true for subgeniuses and humans alike.
And even hold true for most mammals.
But living here in the 20th century universe,

like we do, and like being a bunch of fucking weirdos,
it's easy to forget those things.
But you just wait until you haven't been able to shit for three days.
Then you'll know what's important in life.
Luckily I haven't had to cross that particular bridge.
But that reminds me, I need the lovely volunteer from the audience.
Yes, oh that would be perfect.
If you could come up.
I have a little multimedia display here.
And stand over here.
Stand up front so the folks can see you.
I made this little chart myself at about two in the morning.
Friends, my list of priorities shifted.
Now most of us probably don't write down the ten most important things in our lives.
But I started doing that.
And my priorities shifted again when I suddenly remembered what had been left on me.


Now these are ranked by immediacy of need.
Number one of course, air breathing.
That's something you often forget.
Most people say, oh the ten most important things in life,
well that must be food, sex, and sex.
Well yeah sure, when you're 20 years old that sounds great.
But really, let's get real.
The first thing you need is decent air.
Number two would be, not sex, but water drinking.
Because you can't live for another three hours
or another half a day without water.
In fact, I could use a glass of water right now myself.
Now some people would think that number three would be sex.
But no, number three is peeing.
To pee.
You can't even live, once you drink the water you gotta pee, right?
Well number four, that must be sex.
No, number four is food.
So that sounds boring.
But remember, hot pastrami sandwich.
Number five was a toss up.
Was it shitting or sleeping?
Well I needed sleep a lot more than I needed to take a shit.
So I put sleep on top.
But if you go down one more, it's number six is shitting.
Now you're starting to wonder.
This is pretty sad Reverend Stang.
Where's the slack?
Number seven is of course the slack.
Friends, cause let's face it.
Slack does come almost first.
But you've gotta have some food, water, and sex.

And you gotta sleep.
You know when we were younger,
we thought the peeing and the shitting
automatically went along with the intake.
But friends, I'm afraid it doesn't.
However, we know that for instance,
shitting does not necessarily follow eating.
But it had better soon.
Alright, now some of you have noticed something missing from the list.
And that would be number eight.
Money!
Notice that money does follow slack.
But let's face it.
It's not interchangeable,
but it's damn close.
Number nine.
The one you've all been waiting for.
FROP!
Now some of you
may not know, may not be familiar
with subgenius jargon.
But frop is a Tibetan herb
that Bob smokes.
For some of you,
you frop might be booze, or beer,
or pot, or pills,
or rock and roll,
or TV,
or government.
I don't know.
But everybody needs their goddamn frop.
Now at this point the kids are going,
okay, when is sex coming along?
Well, it must be number ten.
Oh my god!
Ten!
Your back not hurting!
Jesus fucking Christ!
You could go on down.
Eleven and twelve
are sex and Bob.
No longer even,
oh and tax, holy shit!
March 15th.
I haven't done my corporate taxes yet.
Um, yes friends,
sex and Bob
are no longer even in the
top ten.
My god! What is this world coming to?
Well friends,
I'm afraid that this list has been developed
by pure, untainted,
cold, mathematical logic
over a number of years.
And some might argue that
frop is too far down on the list,
or that it's a sad statement
about our morals,
that it's on there at all.
But get real!
The only reason that money is on the list at all
is that you need the money
to get the fucking frop!
Anyway,
plenty of you young fools
are probably laughing
that your back not hurting
ranks above sex
on my list.
But you'll see,
oh yes, you will see
that I'm not a frop.
Well look,
these games,
these games will turn
the who-really-likes-it drill
of learning English into
Zinglish!
No promises.
Or maybe Zwinglish.
Maybe it's a way of bringing in Scandinavian,
you know, occult religious forms.
Very possibly.
With blocks?
Well, it's done, yeah, actually,
it does deal with that.
It does deal with other things like that.
It says here,
how to improve your child's English
now at your bookstore.
Or mail the coupon for your free examination copy,
which you may try out for a whole month.
My child is three
and still not reading.
Still not reading?
What can I do?
Beat it.
Beat out the rhythm with a drum.
Salt Peter?
Is that your name?
Ephraim. Have you tried salt, Ephraim?
Salt Marshall?
Yes. What we've done is when we beat the child,
we take salt and show the child
the word on the book.
If the child gets the word wrong,
we put the salt in the wound.
Oh, that's terrible.
Zinglish!
Zinglish!
Cat, right?
What's that, C-A-T is cat?
Ten minutes later, you show the word
and he just sits there, doesn't know.
He shakes a little.
So we have to hit him again, then take the salt
and he's done.
Sometimes he's just trying to hide it from us.
You're lucky. Your city's been saved
from three days of nameless terror
because you paid your salt tax.
That's right. This city yet unblemished
because the blemish have yet to arrive.
Have you seen the tax collector?
The salt tax collector?
This is a man dressed in a blue leather costume
who comes knocking on the door
and I say, what is it?
He says, Richard. No, Richard is locked away
and John wants his salt tax.
John wants the salt tax.
I said, but I...
And he says, give me half of what you have
in your shop.
And I am but a small joiner, so I have but little
for them to take.
Then they commence to take from my kitchen,
from my larder, from my pantry.
Yet but I have two pigs in the pen.
Were I to give one to John, unto him,
what must I say for Richard, who doth language
in yon jail, back behind the Hun's line?
Oh, one day we will rise up,
Robin of Hoffman.
He will come.
He will come to us right now, yet not.
It's Robin of Hoffman in the hills of the East Village
collecting his men.
Yes, mistress.
It's Tompkins Square Warriors.
Yeah, the electric park.
I love that place.
Do you know the building where I finally got a room
for myself in this town?
I finally got a room in a very nice apartment.
You've been over to the place.
It's right at the corner of...
Oh, and...
It's a great place, man.
I'm living right next door.
I'm living right next door to the...
Why did you get one of those?
You watch out, Peter.
One day you'll get a place in Manhattan
that'll even be worse.
That's right.
Because those New Jersey places are not so hot.
They are though during the summer.
They're incredibly hot.
Very hot.
Yeah, I lived in Garbage Heights, right at the corner of Hell and...
Oh...
Near...
During Reconstruction.
That's right.
Joined the gun club out there.
Oh, you did?
Get your head down, you fool!
Look, there's the postman over there with the grenade launcher.
Where? Over the keep town!
Where's registration?
Over there by that copse.
That corpse? Copse!
Right there where that column of smoke is rising.
Keep your head down!
Just crawl on over there.
Oh!
But it really gets noisy on election day.
I'll tell you for sure.
Then they bring out the white soldiers.
All the time we see nothing but the red men come out.
The red soldiers.
I say, bring on the white soldiers.
No, not ready for them to move.
You're just a pawn.
Well, don't talk to a rook that way.
It's a rook. Society's rook.
Right, right. King Scam.
Right to Queen Shock Four.
Right to Queen Shock Four.
Queen Sleaze.
But the knight...
Dodo 12.
The knight is a Bonwit window dresser.
Tries to create sex heaven in those windows, night after night.
Oh, yeah.
That being him.
It's a great show, though.
It's a great city. It's a great place to live.
The Firesign Theatre from the collection
Dope Humor of the Seventies.
And now from the Dobstown Mirror.
We're back.
With lovely background music by Cybercharm.
Truth outweighs fact.
Look hard at the face of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Keep staring until one of you blinks.
Whispering voices inside.
What musicians do you like who are also in your religion?
And what musicians do you like who are not?
Why aren't they playing?







All in or all out?
Aren't beliefs and preferences supposed to be the same thing?
Maybe to some believers, beliefs and preferences are supposed to be the same thing.
In the Church of the Subgenius, we say,
Believe me out of it.
Once you've paid your money to Bob,
we actively don't care what you do or believe.
Many are never ready for that freedom of choice.
But I'm an atheist.
Okay, we get it. You too.
Are you ready to be the kind of free thinker who thinks freely?
Or are only the approved heresies going to cross your teeth?
When you join the Church of the Subgenius,
two things happen.
First, everything you like becomes part of your clench.
As a moral good,
an aesthetic treasure,
and a self-consistent spiritual truth system.
Second, everything you do is a part of your clench.




And what you don't like becomes bad and evil,
and is a false prophet to be cast out.
Who wouldn't want that kind of slack?
And, oh yes,
you do get to ride on a flying saucer
to leave Earth forever
on July 5th, 1998.
Praise Bob and thanks to the Dobbs Docktown Mirrort.
And now this, from the Subgenius movie,
J.R. Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius.
By Sandy Boone.
Here's Paul Mavridis.
We actually are a religion.
You know,
that seems like an art piece,
that seems like a religion,
that seems like performance art,
that seems like a joke,
that seems like a religion.
Simply because we're involved in something
that is funny,
we don't believe that for that reason
we should be taken any less seriously.
We started getting invited
to things like art museums.
They thought it was performance art.
Ivan Stang was approached
by a fellow in San Francisco
who wanted to put on a subgenius party
in San Francisco.
And so we pictured some storefront
or a loft or something
with a hundred people.
And we went, yeah, we'll do that.
And we came back to the second meeting
and Tom was all excited.
He had gone out and rented
a theater for two nights.
San Francisco tonight is the location
of the first international
subgenius world survival crusade.
TV stations picked up on the show.
It all began with the book
of the subgenius
and the church's deity, Bob Dobbs.
I was preparing tacos
one day for my children.
And...
Now Bob.
The face appeared and it's Bob.
The night of Slack Show in San Francisco
in 1984 was
the first time anybody
had put any money into a subgenius show.
And flew several people
from Dallas and other cities
into San Francisco.
And there was even
a paid stage manager.
There were people building sets
just for that show.
About half the people here
will have a great time.
The rest of them will probably run for the exits.
The one thing none of us were at that point
and still aren't are professionals.
And I knew that
nobody had ever been in front of an audience
as big as the one
we were hopefully going to draw.
I remember Friday night going out
around the corner of the Victoria Theatre
and the line went out up to Mission
and around the corner I almost threw up
because I thought, we're not showmen.
These people are paying $7.50.
It looked like it was going to be a disaster.
As people were coming in
we had a galvanized
tub of evil looking
Kool-Aid.
Some people would come over
and they would take it eagerly
the Dixie cups just like they did in Jonestown
and they would drink it and they would come over
and say, how long till I get off?
And they thought it was like Kool-Aid.
Acid Kool-Aid.
And it was like, oh about 20 minutes.
Of course some people were very nervous.
The real question was
is this cyanide
or LSD?
We made sure it was
non-sweetened
so we wouldn't kill any diabetics.
It was great.
It was really the first event
where a lot of people
got together and said, hey we're all subgeniuses
and rubbing elbows.
The Night of Slack
ran for two nights and was
surprisingly successful.
It was the first
show that Bob Dobbs
himself ever showed up at.
We were not expecting that at all.
He walked out on stage
and puzzling evidence
Doug Wellman runs out and
shoots him with a handgun.
Right in front of everybody.
Oh my god, Bob was killed
that night. It was so sad.
We were coming from the airport
and I got to thinking
if you want to sell a religion, you have to kill the deity.
That's how you do it.
So I shot Bob thinking the thing would just take off.
The audience
went berserk.
But the funny thing was, the cops didn't
care. Nobody cared.
Afterwards, people were having drinks.
The band was dancing on the
corpse of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
It was this chance to just
sing and dance
and be crazy.
It was really, really, really, really fun.
Science
does not remove the terror of the gods.
We can't do much
about those evil gods
from the other side
of the cosmos. But enough of this.
You don't want to hear about this.
Who is the right hand man of Bob?
Who sits on the right hand side
of Bob? None other
than the Reverend
Ivan Stang!
I'm not here to talk
about the bleeding head
of Arne Palmer.
One of the things
that we
like to talk about was how the
Church of the Subgenius would allow you to control
your own time.
Now, do we have the house lights up a little bit?
We decided to have our producer
be our plant
in the audience. There's a main doctrine
of the church called time control.
Many people don't know it. Would you take a watch?
We can't control it.
It's a nice watch.
There it is.
All right.
Bring it!
And then before
he presumably could be
stopped, Ivan put the watch
down on the concrete block and
not just smashed the watch
but broke the concrete block
into pieces.
You've got me really to kill everything in your previous life.
And then
what happened was the unexpected.
We were going to move on to the next thing.
But people in the audience
suddenly ran up
to us and started taking their
watches off and throwing them on stage.
Some of them were really nice watches.
But the audience demanded
that we smash them.
Doug had us sit up
there smashing one after another.
So,
there it was.
The audience was ready to take it
way beyond what we were doing.
I thought,
this thing goes farther
than I ever imagined.
We had to run
for the exits, but only in order
to get you this report on time tonight.
However, if you're the kind of person
who likes to pull the wool over your own eyes,
church is in session again tomorrow
at 8 p.m.
That was great. Cheaper. Better.
When I was
thinking about what happened,
I thought,


But I was wrong.









In the end,
mitt прям
during the
拉 divorce's
ride across the
Genau.
Or $5.
All wishes cost you the same amount.
Wish away those tightly clutched bad memories.
There is not a reason to be stingy or modest with your wishes.
Don't be wishy-washy.
Thank you, Dobbs.town Mirror.
And now this.
Time Intersection.
As prophesied in the precepts,
could be tomorrow?
Are you ready?
Could it be Saturday night?
Are you ready?
All right.
Emperor Stingy took out his wallet and decided to end it or begin it all.
It could just be another stupid subgenius revival.
Or it could be the Time Intersection.
Or it could be a bunch of puteras with a hair all full of, like, these weird little jelly beans and things like that.
The Data Men and the Thumb People will come together.
As some of them are just.
Under Charlotte and Bob.
For Bob.
Well, my friends, for years now, Reverend One Encantabyte has been kind of a co-writer of a lot of my rants.
And he's co-written his own rants with himself many times.
But here's a new guy who's thrown out one-liners at an incredible pitch.
He's done this before.
He just sent me another big list of one-liners that I guess, if one took the time, could turn all of these into one big rant.
If you used connective tissue.
Uh...
Hmm.
For instance.
Even the book of the subgenius describes Bob as a short-duration personal savior.
You might say he's the wham-bam-thank-you-ma'am of gods.
But what is a subgenius?
A subgenius is someone who says yes to a job now and learns how to do it later.
You may be dumb, but at least you're subgenius.


You're smart about it.
There are no fools among you.
You are among the fools.
If I had a dollar for every time I heard someone say...
If I had a dollar for every time I heard someone say...
I'd have just made myself another dollar.
But money is dirty.
So let Bob use his dust-buster on your wallet.
Now remember, when invoking the name of Bob in the written word,
you must never forget the quotes around his name,
which differentiate him from all of the ordinary Bobs of the world.
And when invoking the name of Bob in the spoken word,
you must at least mentally infer them.
Also never use smart quotes, for Bob only speaks in dumb quotes.
Perception of the truth is more important than the truth.
True or false.
Now I only believe in two things.
Bob and the fact that he doesn't exist.
But don't you know that all things weird are part of the conspiracy?
It's them trying to out-weird us.
It's them trying to out-weird us.
We're getting out-weirded when we should be getting weirded out!
We're getting out-weirded when we should be getting weirded out!
And you know if you say the word weird enough times,
And you know if you say the word weird enough times,
over and over again,
it starts to sound weeeird.

thank you reverend Elvis Martini and cyber chump for the music in the background
and now this this being Dr. Hal Robbins guesting on the old tv show conspiracy zone
with host Kevin Nealon
more zone we're talking about secret societies and I'd like to introduce a material witness
he's the master keeper of church secrets for the church of subgenius say hey to Hal Robbins
yes you can see the church of the subgenius isn't all that secret because
many of them are clearly in the audience
you can see the church of the subgenius isn't all that secret because many of them are clearly in the audience
well how does your church view these other secret societies how
it's all really the same conspiracy according to us we call it the conspiracy or the con for short
oh I see I see what are your reactions to our panel here
well I found it interesting any discussion of masonry is interesting
it's not generally known that Buzz Aldrin of Apollo 11 actually brought a masonic flag to the moon
yeah he did a ritual yeah
well I don't know if he did a ritual
he did he did a ritual
but that happened so why didn't we see the flag well they decided it might scare people or confuse them somewhat like this show
well you know you you are subgenius yes I'm one of them how many people in your church well it's not generally known because they tend not to be joiners and they don't usually get together except on special occasions
and how often do you get together on special occasions
well every now and then we have devivals as we call them
devivals
we perform healings and sickenings and other things like that
pretty successful with that
oh yes we sicken a great number of people
you sicken me
well it may be contagious I hope
do you guys wear hats at all
oh we have all kinds of headgear that we wear
okay
you mean when you say headgear you're talking about like
well the first one is headgear

A fez which the Masons and the Shriners like and pointy hats that we have we have hats of all geometrical shapes
you're the master keeper of the church
the master of church secrets they call me
yeah
people tend to lose them they get misplaced and so I gather them up
it sounds very disorganized your whole organization
well it is disorganized
you see since subgenius is each sub genius is under his own genius
under his own genius

spirit and not under the control of somebody else. The idea is that the con, the conspiracy,
wants to take away your slack. The subgenius must have slack. And it wants to sell you false slack.
It wants to make you work for a living. It wants to make you do what they want. And slack is the
opposite of tension. It's leisure, the basis of culture. It's the time, the slack time, in which
everything important in your life is done. And that's what the con wants to take from you.
And now more from Reverend Elvis Martini's little collection of rant bits.
They say you should live life like you're going to die tomorrow. But I prefer to live life like
I'm never going to die. I personally, friends, say why not both? And then he comes along and
basically says that too. Live life like you're never going to die, but also as if you could
easily be killed.
A nihilist, an existentialist, and an absurdist are having a conversation. The nihilist says,
life has no meaning. The existentialist says, life has no apparent meaning. The absurdist says,
apparent meaning has no life.
We firmly believe that procrastination is the only way to get things done.
That and radical centrism, where you believe only the most extreme nonsense from both sides.
Bob, frop, give me, for I have had a lack of sin.
One of the reasons I got the boot the first time around was that I was taking it all way too
seriously. For I was without slack. After all, the subgenius doesn't do anything. He's just a
fool.
The subgenius doesn't join in order to be lectured. The subgenius reluctantly hangs around in order to
be told that which she or he has already long suspected. That they are right!
Folks, I have a Bob bumper sticker on the back end of my car for two reasons.
Firstly, to serve as a reminder that sometimes people follow Bob a little too closely. The other
is so that for every person who follows Bob, he or she will be able to follow Bob. And that's why I'm
better than you. Because it doesn't matter whether or not that's actually true. The important thing
is that it's being said. There's a good reason that Bob is supposed to be a short-duration
personal savior. Anything longer than that, and it might all go straight to his head.
Because the moment you get Bob, you've got him wrong. It's like sin mixed with bullshit,
which is exactly what Zen is.
Funny thing is, there's wisdom in bullshit. There are smart ways to be dumb.
Thank you, Reverend Elvis Martini, for those bits and pieces of rants. Perhaps into one big rant.
And thanks to Cyberduck, uh, Cyberchump, for the music. I use Cyberduck for something else.
You see, the first subgenius, the first truly slack-filled man was J.R. Bob Dobbs. This is his
image.
I have a little image on my lapel here.
Yeah. And what's below that?
Oh, well, that's a little rocket that is a badge of the subgenius radio show that we do out, uh, in the hinterlands.
And what's right below that? Oh, that's tomato sauce. I'm sorry.
Either that or lint, I think.
How many lints? Well, you know, is it hard to get into a secret society? If I wanted to get into a secret society, how would I do it?
I'd just feel stupid for sending him 30 bucks.
You'd just want to run the right track.
You could go down to Langley and say, I want to join the CIA.
And they would probably...
I don't want to join the CIA. I want to go where I can get a hat.
Where you can get some slack, in other words.
Yeah, or some slack.
Yeah.
Well, you can join, but what you can't do immediately is get up into the upper echelons.
You can get into the winking, towel-snapping, back-slapping, little car-riding part.
But you can't get up into the part that is starting to interfere with the politics of nations.
Well, Mark, you're an expert on secret society.
I am not. I wouldn't call myself an expert.
You know, but I think that the best thing you can do is start your own secret society.
Yeah.
How do you know I haven't already? Huh?
How do you know I haven't already?
Because who would join it, man?
It's very, very secret.
Some people can keep a secret.
Yeah.
I'm the guy.
And you're right, the Freemasons would like me, because I can't keep a secret.
Okay.
One of the things that the Freemasons want is for what is hidden to be revealed.
Right.
And to that degree, this show is an agent of Freemasonry.
Yeah.
As well as subgenius, because we're getting...
We're getting all this propaganda out, too.
So you remember whether you like it or not.
All right.
Well, I don't want to be a slack, so I...
No, you do want slack.
I do want slack.
Okay.
I do.
Not my secret society.
We don't take no slack from nobody.
But we need money, so we're going to take a look at a commercial.
When we come back, we're going to take some questions from our audience.
Okay, friends.
We've talked about Eyelash,
the new book of subgenius...
Well, it's the first subgenius science fiction novel
by Reverend Nikolai Kingsley.
We've published science fiction before,
but it was always short stories and anthologies.
Lonesome Cowboy's Dave's Neighbor World
is a science fiction novel,
but it's not subgenius-centric.
Eyelash is, very much so.
In fact, here's a section where
this...
Okay.
Our two...
Our two main characters, Elif and Ty,
have been forced into working for an exist
in outer space,
doing a kind of a job,
and they're getting a bit depressed.
The exist name is Russ,
and this exist happens to
take the physical form of a beautiful Earth woman.
Russ...
To his surprise, Russ came to his aid.
He said,
Would you like me to tell you about Planet X?
Elif managed to conceal his glee
beneath a chintzy drape of low-level hostility
before asking himself
why she wanted to change the subject so readily.
I suppose so, he said,
wondering how much of it would be factual.
Tell me of your home world, asshole.
It's what you would call a gas giant.
No sun, mostly frozen methane.
We live in tunnels carved in the core.
If you could survive at that pressure and temperature,
you wouldn't see anything.
Very little free energy of any wavelength.
We prefer it that way.
It's much safer.
Terrible things happen on planets with too much activity.
Exquikes, storms, and the like.
Somewhere above, perhaps three levels up
near the surface of the eyelash,
a chort slammed into the generator wall,
making it shake,
metal shavings raining down
and striking sparks off the exposed cables on the way.
How the hell did life even begin under those conditions?
Elif asked.
Eerily, she says,
Oh, we got our start somewhere else.
It doesn't matter where.
It was destroyed long ago.
Well, sucks to lose your home planet.
I'm sorry, I guess.
Don't be.
We destroyed it ourselves.
In fact, we had it carved into slices and sold.
We've always been commercially astute
compared to the lesser races.
The lesser races, friends.
Elif was thinking of cold corridors
carved from methane ice,
completely black and silent,
with awful things dragging themselves
along the polished floors,
sneering soundlessly at each other as they passed,
thousands of miles of darkness above
pressing down endlessly.
Endlessly.
I'm not sure I like the idea of living there,
but we wouldn't be living on Planet X, would we?
Or in it, right?
Of course not.
We don't allow the lesser races anywhere near our homeworld.
And besides, I'm sure you've worked out by now
that the whole tribe going to the promised land thing
is an idea left over from the hundreds of thousands of years
that primates spent as nomads.
There was an uncomfortable pause
while Russ let this sink in.
And Elif tried in vain to put a positive spin on it.
Oh, don't look so worried.
We value the subgenii.
Life won't be so bad on the reservation.
There's always a use for a good set of prehensile monkey fingers,
even if they did evolve primarily for picking peanuts out of poop.
And that was from eyelashball.
I, Reverend Nikolai Kingsley,
published by Subgenius Foundation,
csubgenius.com or Amazon.
But we prefer...
Well, I signed the copies you buy from us
because I did the foreword.
The music in the background, by the way, is by Cyber Chump.
Their Moment of Perfect Happiness is the name of this double CD.
It's a great rug for reading,
and it's got some reading stuff in the background, don't you think?
Yeah.
And now this.
That was an amazing evening,
and also I met my first crazy subgenius.
This was the first person I ran into
who took it all the wrong way.
He came up to me after that second show, and he was livid.
The people in Dallas that did this thing!
And Bob!
When they find out you're just making a Sonny and Cher comedy show out of it,
they're gonna kill you!
This is terrible!
Look in this book here.
It says, stop what you're doing right now!
This is serious.
This is not a fan club.
This is not a joke.
And I said, dude, I wrote all that stuff.
Me and Philo got high one night, and we wrote all this crap.
Give me a break.
It really shook me up.
It was a little bit scary.
We realized some crazy people are attracted to this.
You know, the ones that are like, oh my God.
Where's Bob?
Where's, no, where's the real Bob?
I think what starts off like a joke, a few, you know, kind of believers who want their life to have a little more meaning than it does, or they feel it does.
And then they get a little too gung-ho.
They want to adhere a little too much.
They start believing a little too much.
And, you know, and then here we go.
You are playing with fire.
And the idea is,
of taking fire and doing what the subgenius did, which is setting off fireworks.
It's really beautiful.
It's really fun.
And every second of that, just a little bit of gasoline, and it'll tear your face off.
There are religions that were originally intended to be jokes.
And then they turned into gangs, you know.
And then they turned into mafias.
I'm here to offer you an opportunity to know the truth so that if you can connect with it, then you might survive.
It's kind of a horrifying moment when we realized that, you know, we could probably pick up 300 people randomly from anywhere who would pledge their lives to us if we asked them to.
Go, Chris!
I suspect that some of the people who are here today are not the same people.

I suspect that some of the people who call themselves subgenius were actually replacing their childhood religion with this.
And that wasn't my worldview, but when I saw people do that, it was a little scary.
I guess I was angry at everyone.
I've been treated pretty shitty my entire life by folks.
Their message appealed to me.
The traditional exchange is that you take responsibility.
You have to give them responsibility for it.
They want you to tell them what to do.
And this was the kind of power we didn't want.
It was the exact opposite of what we were aiming for, which was to remove people from that kind of a hook.
There are people who really want to join this cult and want it to be everything it says it is.
And then when they find out that it's not anything it says it is, they get really mad.
No talking laughing now!
You've heard our phrase, fuck them if they can't take a joke.
This is important to us.
Just when you think you might get a handle on, oh, it's a collaborative network of artists all over the country, that's all it is.
Oh, no, that's not what it is.
Oh, it's really a secretly sort of a subversive organization.
No, no, it's not really that.
It's just a bunch of drunk guys in Dallas trying to freak people out.
You either got the joke or you didn't.
And you got the joke instantly.
Or you didn't.
Occasionally people will call us out on that whole fuck them if they can't take a joke thing.
It's like, well, that just excuses everything.
No, it's just funny.
When was the last time you gave a straight answer?
Well, these are all...
We don't care whether they get the joke or not.
Half of them can't.
We're trying to make you laugh, but also maybe shock you a little bit with our irreverence.
And you may think it's funny, we hope you do.
But if you don't, you shouldn't pun it.
Because we are trying to deliver medicine of a sort.
And if you can't take the joke, then please go fuck yourself.
Nick Offerman was the master woodworker there from Sandy K. Boone's documentary,
J.R. Bob Dobs and the Church of the Subgenius.
Now streaming on everything except Netflix, apparently.
Voices you heard in that segment include yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stack,
Dr. Philo Drummond, Paul Mavridis, Richard Linklater,
Reverend Penn Gillette, Dr. Hal, Reverend Kelly Cash, Dr. Legume, and Nurse Vicki.
And others.
You know, because that's where it's going to be in the future.
The 420 will be 500.
You know, I brought a banana, but I can't find it.
I lost it somewhere, and I'm hungry now.
The show is just...
Going on and on, and my hunger is...
One of the best things to do for your brain.
Really?
The show is, yeah. I know.
If you listen to the show, you are smarter by 23.5%.
I like to do good things for my brain.
I like to give my brain a good massage.
Do you? Are you a break thinker?
One of those shiatsu massages.
Just open up my skull.
Yeah.
And start kneading the gray matter.
Uh-huh.
Sort of a self-trepanation.
Self-trepanator, right?
Yeah.
So...
I don't use any fancy cutting tools.
Yeah, none of those sharpened pieces of jade.
I hear somebody's cell phone making that weird buzz.
Yeah, you know who that is.
That's my breathing.
Hear it?
That's my air tube.
Oh, okay.
That's the government listening to this show.
And all the other shows on KPJ.
Are you still in that iron lung?
I've upgraded to the new brain.
Plastic lung.
Oh, okay.
One of those new fangled things.
Says Reverend Elvis Martini,
a super subgenius would not be a super genius.
It's the sub part that would be considered super.
And what is super sub if not extraordinarily sub?
Perhaps the term subpar genius would be more appropriate.
Subgenii, it is known, have been far more likely, at least in the past, to suffer attacks
from other subgeniuses than from pinks.
Other subgenii at least think they know what it means to be a subgenius.
A pink has no clue and therefore no dog in the fight.
Jail Dobbs!
Because it's only slightly less trendy to hate Bob than it is to love him.
Bob loves Bob.
He loves Bob.
Bob relax, Bob.
There is room out there for someone who thinks Bob loves Bob but is also
shut up and is a bitcu foremost of what you did and needs to beん.
B spot on.
Having a look at Super Data科.

Best או a Так этот?
that there is no meaning of life probably wants to steal something from you.
Bob doesn't get clean.
He accumulates dirt until it starts to sheen.
Bob gets so filthy that the grime takes on the shape of slacks, a shirt, and a tie.
The con, Reverend Elvis Martini says here,
is the part of human nature that suggests you should go along with the ride
no matter how evil or intellectually dishonest it may be.
It tells everyone that you should go along because, because.
The exes have been withholding aid to the earth for decades
and have been doing it for years.
in order to pressure the church into announcing
that it's investigating a conflict of interest.
Bob himself sells drilling equipment
and every ex day is just a drill.
No!
And what else is here from Reverend Elvis Martini?
You can't spell conspiracy
without piracy.
Bob do don't, and Bob don't do.
I think this one's meant sarcastically.
A true sign of intelligence and independent thinking
is talking about how mindless and sheep-like everybody else is.
It's the best way to let everyone know that you're not like anyone.
Yep, that's right, those independent thinkers
who all come to the church.
I'm not gonna call everybody else sheeple
while wearing the same hat.
Thank you Elvis Martini for those random bits and pieces.
Thank you cyber chump for excellent background music.
Non distracting but very pleasant and trippy.
And uh, and praise Bob.
And you can get more information about everything from subgenius.com.
Subgenius.com.
Or pobox807 Glenrose, Texas 76043.
Let there be slack.
Subgenius.com.
Subgenius.com.
Subgenius.com.
Subgenius.com.
Interüzel.
Subgenius.com.
Subgenius.com.
Subgenius.com.
Subgenius.com.

Subgenius.com.
Subgenius.com.

Subgenius.com.



Subgenius.COM.
Subgenius.com.
Subgenius.com.
info? Yeah, it's in there.
It's written down.
The lawyers swarm all over KPFA
and try to close it down. Although that'll happen
from inside Pacifica anyway.
So you must listen to KPFA and find out
more about all the crazy stuff
that's going on.
KPFA's going to need your help soon.
That will be the last thing we'll worry about
here. It'll be more like
giant armed goons
coming in with big
giant
pictures.
Hairy cockroaches
with spider limbs
and hedge forks
and big giant pictures.
And they'll point at the pictures and say,
see, now if you had a
cockroach, you could do that too.
But unfortunately, you're
on the show
instead.
You are on the show.
And this week, it's easy
not to listen, right?
Last week, she couldn't stop listening.
No, no.
She couldn't go to sleep.
You could throw the show away tonight.
Well, I didn't really want to be on the show.
I don't blame you.
I wanted to find out
what that thing was that you were talking about.
They always want
something, friends.
And we all
want more time.
Time on the show.
Except she didn't.
The show
from KPFA Berkeley.
The puzzling evidence
and Dr. Howell. Normally Dr. Howell.
Dr. Philo Drummond just then.
You know,
that show has been around longer than
the subgenius radio ministry,
Hour of Slack, which is what you're
listening to right now.
And
friends, let's let this old
soulful tearjerker song
about weirdos take us out
from our biggest
weirdo radio heroes of all.
The fire
sign theater.
Where's that
Kleenex box?
Hey, over there in the corner, one of our
dearest old friends. Nick Danger.
That's right, friends. Nick Danger and Silver
Beatles with you tonight. Hi, everybody.
That's right. My little lady.
Girl.
Danger.
We have a song here we'd like to sing for you.
My friends are
all crazy. They're mad
as loons.
They talk all at once.
It's a hundred tunes.
You hear them
at night as you push
down the highway
like loons
landing at some exclusive loon
flyway. And
oh
can
it be
true
that there's
no rest
for the wicked.
No peace for us
too.
Amazing what sounds you can get out of a banana.
Now the
laughers and screamers,
their cross talk is incredible.
It's all you can
do to believe
they're inedible.
And policemen and doctors
hover around the
edges as they drag in
new converts and make
them sign pledges.
And they're not going to be the same.
Oh,
can it be true
that there's
no rest
for the wicked.
No
peace for us
too.
Now me
and my sweetheart
have tried to escape.
We're secretly
put down our thoughts on this tape.
And we're sending it out
to all we might hear.
Don't you talk all at once
so you'll wind up right here.
And oh
can it be true
that there's no rest
for the wicked.
No peace for us too.
There's no rest for us too.
There's no peace for us too.
All right, one more verse.
A passage of loons to their home in the sky.
Don't tempt me a bit to think I'll pass it right by.
So listen up friends now, you heard my sad tune.
Don't be tempted to talk all at once like a loon.
And oh,
oh,
oh,
can it be true
that there's no rest for the wicked.
There's no peace for us too.
Y'all sound beautiful tonight.
