Ah, yes, dear friends. Well, we have a happy, happy, happy show for you tonight.
Although I'm sure that there are those out there who will think it is not so happy.
But they have ears which do not hear until we break the power of the spirit of greed over their lives.
Greed. That's the problem.
The spirit of greed is a top dog in the kingdom of darkness.
This spirit has built up strongholds all over the United States, particularly in our cities.
But the weapons of our warfare are mighty unto God for the pulling down of strongholds, the Bible says.
Because it's the subgenius hour of sweat.
How come always scary on show, says Doug Smith of Dallas, Texas?
Well, it's actually been some time since Gary has been on the show.
We tried to get him to come in, but he always has to go out smurfing through.
The solar system is wind surfboard.
His solar wind surfer is 40 feet long.
He's strapping.
Show's about to take off.
About two and a half miles in wind.
Feedback distorts the engine output.
All hooked up, Captain?
I'm the guy with the legal notices in the paper.
I'm a Bob case.
I'm a privacy case.
I got a slack, a slack case.
I have a right to the spacefrop.
I have read in the black.
I can have the black, the purple and the green.
I'm a church air case.
Uh, cops in Euclid called me up every five minutes and made sure I knew I had the rights to the Patriot, Psychotic, Narco materialist, uh, prop case.
And, uh, there was this nurse with the Euclid school district.
Uh, he came in.
He came along and, uh, tried to, tried to tell me that, uh, like the Dobbs thing was, uh, was not a part of my case.
But I'm, I'm on that case.
And, uh, I got a legal document in the paper to that effect.
Beep.
Uh, I'm the guy with the, uh, legal notices in the paper.
I wanted, uh, I got the WCSB pledge drive tapes.
I got the, uh, phone number to call, pledge drive number.
I got, I got a...
A right to the, uh, the broke friend.
I got the ex-day, uh, I'm an ex-day case.
Uh, I got my ticket.
I got my passport.
I spent the $30.
Beep.
I spent the $30.
Beep.
Beep.
Beep.
Beep.

Beep.

Beep.

Beep.


Beep.






Beep.
Beep.
Beep.
Beep.











Beep.
Welcome, alien
We hope you'll be our friend
Welcome, alien
Welcome, alien
Welcome, alien
Oh, welcome, welcome, welcome
Welcome those happy, happy aliens
Didn't I tell you, friends, it was gonna be a
A happy, happy, happy show
This time just so, so happy
Crappy
And that band doing that song, Welcome Aliens
Is in fact called
The Happiest Guys in the World
Yes, we got a CD from
The Happiest, Happiest
Guys in the World, and they are so happy
Unless they're really being
Incredibly cynical
Nah, couldn't be, they've got smile faces
All over their happy album
And we'll play more of that later
We've got all sorts of happy tunes
Here today, in fact
As well as lots of ESO
Radio with lots of Cowboy Dave
And Chaz, and
Princess We Are Doe in this particular case
And myself, and speaking
Of aliens, before I go on to the
Happy, happy music, I have to do a
Plug for a book by a friend of mine
John Shirley, the, known as one of the
Cyberpunk crew, he did the Eclipse
The Eclipse series, and a number of really
Wonderful horror stories, and he's got a new
Hardcover book out about the Greys
And it's called Silicon Embrace
Published by Mark Ziesig, the publishers
And it is awesome, I think, I think it's a
Hardcover, unfortunately, but keep your eyeballs
Out for it, it's got a Paul Manfredi's cover
In the first, in the first five pages
Jesus and the Apostles
Go up on a mountaintop to meet
The Grey aliens, and
Of course, then it skips ahead to Area 51
But it's, it's the ultimate
In, it's the ultimate John Shirley
Sci-fi book, and it's the ultimate
Documentary, thank y'all
Now
That Silicon Embrace
Anything, anything by John Shirley
Is great stuff, and I'm not
Just saying that because he's my, because he's a
A dues-paying subgenius that spent that
Thirty dollars, how about you, huh?
Have you, and have you pledged to your local
Station that plays the Hour of Slack, huh?
I know some of, most of them
Probably need it
Ah yes, but let's
Move on now to some more
Happy, happy
Happy, happy music
This particular, uh, tape is
From a band
I can't remember where, called
Pinko Punko
You'll just love
Pinko Punko
Pinko Punko
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Frosty the Snowman was a very merry soul.
Yeah!
So George Bush dropped a nuclear bomb.
And Frosty's body was consumed by flames.
And Frosty the Snowman was relegated to nothing more than an insignificant puddle of water.
And all the little children cried as they watched their beloved Frosty die.
And it's all the fault of those vicious warmongers like Dan Quayle and George Bush and Mike Dukakis
and Howdy Doody and Buffalo Bob.
Aw, come on, scum.
Cheer up.
Hey, wait a minute.
Who the hell are you?
Why, I'm Sunshine, the Rainbow Pixie.
And I think that you should have a more positive outlook on life.
The world is a wonderful place if you just think about the flowers and the puppy dogs and the rainbows.
Yeah.
Get away from me, you Auschwitz-loving, donut-eating, brown-shirt dwarf.
I'm sick and tired of you.
Little...
I'm sick and tired of things like you polluting our Earth.
You tell them, scum.
Wait, who the hell are you?
I am the Angel of Death.
And I say that you should take that cute little pixie and place its head firmly between your teeth
and fight down hard in protest of the current political climate.
Yeah, yeah, you're right, Angel of Death.
This positive-thinking, police-loving elf puke has no reason to exist.
Come here, you.
I'm your friend.
Scum, please don't hurt me.
And now, I shall bite your head off in protest of the fact that police officers have stupid haircuts and hang out in donut shops.
No, just think about the flowers and the rainbows.
Just die.
No!
Okay, good.
Now that that thing's dead and gone, I can get back to what I was originally talking about.
Reach it, brother.
The political persecution of Frosty the Snowman.
It all started back in 19...
1977, when then-President Jimmy Carter called the first meeting of the Presidential Subcommittee for the Oppression of Snowman's Rights.
Hallelujah.
It was decided at that meeting that Frosty the Snowman must die.
And they put a contract out on his life.
Hey, wait.
Hey, wait, you there in the studio, don't touch that fader.
Wait, wait, I'm telling the truth.
I'm like a prophet.
A voice crying out in the wilderness.
Don't, don't oppress me.
No, wait, no, no, don't play with that fader.
Turn it back up.
No, you want the people to know the truth.
I was gonna tell them how...
Elvis is alive and living somewhere in outer Zimbabwe.
No, wait, wait, turn it up.
Don't, don't let the truth be suppressed.
Don't censor my freedom of speech.
I'm telling the truth.
No, don't fade me out.
No, come on, come on.
Come on, let him hear the truth.
No, come on.
Nazi!
Stormtrooper!
All yes, dear friends.
And we have the echo turned up just a little bit for Jesus.
Jesus loves echo.
He's easily impressed by...
Oh, can't you feel my stones burning?
My stones are burning!
My stones are burning!
Help us from this catastrophe!
My stones are itchy and burning and swollen like my feet.
Your stones, my boy?
Let me see those stones.
Here, lift that thing up.
Mm.
Those are...
Boy, they're shiny.
Hard looking.
Pfft.
And each one makes its own sound.
Oh, they're rattling together.
Just listen to that.
Listen to it.
Pfft.
Ow.
Pfft.
Say, those stones don't try to speak to you now, do they, Dave?
No, they burn my loins, though.
Oh, good.
They're good.
Then they're still working correctly.
They've been installed just right.
We'd hate to have to go in there and replace them tonight, wouldn't we?
I sure don't want another skin graft after all that problem last week with resetting my brain waves.
Well, that wasn't...
That one really wasn't a big problem.
You weren't corrupted too badly down in the...
Dave got a virus.
Dave picked up a virus the other day.
It got into his chip.
Yeah.
The one that our friends from Planet X put behind his ear.
It gets infected.
Yeah, like a boo-boo.
Like a boo-boo was in the boobonic plague.
That's what a boo-boo was.
It was like a little sore at first, and then it turned all black, and then the next thing I know, I didn't have no more computer.
Well, you know, the problem with Dave is...


It's hard to tell when the chip is malfunctioning.
He talks the same way whether it's working right or not.
But then that's what we pay him to do.
Well, we don't really pay him exactly, but there's an amount in escrow that's building up for him for when we make him quit.
Someday, yeah, right.
He'll be taken care of.
Promises, promises.
You know, I...

I...


I...
I...
I saw a large, large woman last week who they claimed was...
Do you remember in the story about Buffalo Bill and the Wanders where they clipped the woman's flesh?
I wonder if I'll ever need some kind of device like that on my body.
What, a flesh clipper?
Yeah, a flesh clipper.
Well, you'd have to gain some weight.
You're not very...
You're not really all that big, Dave.
No, not from me.
From a computer, Herman.
Oh, wait.
To...
What's...
Sorry.
He's gonna clip the flesh.
You see what I mean, friends?
He's gonna...
He says he's gonna clip the flesh from his computer.
As if his computer was some sort of large woman that he's talking about.
He wishes.
He wishes.
Actually, uh, I sort of know how it feels.
I've grown a whole human being on my body.
You got a call.
Oh.
Ma'am, speak up.
We can't hear you.
Wait.
Run the ad first.
For over 20 years, Congressman Ivan Stank...




...has served the people of Ohio's 729th District with honor, pleasure, and extreme...
...puffishation.
Now, Republicans and Democrats from other planets are telling and calling him a Texas carpetbagger.
Who's telling the truth?
Ask yourself.
Who wanted to stop mandatory child flatulence in schools, dance lessons for unborn children, and motorcycle helmet laws for trepanated skulls?
Then ask yourself this.
I hate the pinks and big corporations.
Poltergeist.
Poltergeist effect in the studio again.
The, the, the Dave strap.
Well, it just kind of went limp again.
Right in the middle.
He was so, he was just, he was doing it so right.
It was so cool.
He was pink and he was juicy.
But then, unfortunately, his special Dave luck had to come along and untie his strap.
It was.
So, he, he, he fetched on it.
For over 20 years...
Hi, this is Leon.
No, let's start at the end.
Hi, this is Leon.
I play guitar.
This is Tarkin and I play bass guitar.
I'm Peter and I play drums.
We're the happiest guys in the world.
And just remember, you can make a difference...
...if you try...
...try...
...try.
You know you can make a difference.
You know you can make a change.
You can make all the difference.
You can make all the change.
But you gotta...
Try, try, try.
Try, try, try.
Try, try, try, try.
You can make all the difference.
You can make all the change.
You can clean the dirty oceans
You know you can clean the smog-filled air
You can make all the difference
You can make all the change
But you gotta
You can make all the difference
You can make all the change
We can make a beautiful world
We can do it together
Come on
We can make a big difference
If we try
Come on
We can do it
Now's the time
And this is the place
Cause I
Come on
Let's do some good
You and me
Let's clean up the neighborhood
I believe
Come on
We can do anything
Join our band
You're the one
And together
We'll change this land
I believe in you
And sing along
I believe in you
We'll change the world with our song
I believe in you
Come on
All together now
Don't you know
We've got to change the world
Join the peaceful revolution
Come on, let's make a change
Join the peaceful revolution
Come on, let's make a change

Make this world a better place
Join the peaceful revolution
Come on, let's all recycle
Join the peaceful revolution
Come on and try, try, try
Let a cigarette put it out upon your face
Kick a blind man in the shins
I hate the human race
Push no ladies down the sins
Is what I really dig
All policemen out
Are a bunch of anti-fascist hicks
Life stinks
Find a man with no arms
And throw him in the drink
Life stinks
The world is full of neo-fascist
Communistic fakes
Some girls were out on a picnic
Over an empty street
Hatchet holes in their punk pants
And spit upon their luncheon meat
And after that adventure
I went down to the park
Shaking skies out of the sky
Till it got too dark
Life stinks
Find a man with no arms
to throw him in the drink
LIFE STINKS!
The world is full of neo-pharmacist communistic fink!
Reagan is a hypocrite, Quayle is a queer!
George Bush is the antichrist, the Bible makes it clear!
I think if there is torture, please I think that they must die!
I'll take damn it ahead and I'll put you back and I'll tell you a lie 12
apostles
4
sharik get pissed off at somebody else for your frustrations
blame the other guy for your miserable feelings
but blame
it health it's about you!
and whining are symptoms of sickness.
And you recognize sickness when you hear it,
and you wonder if maybe you sound like that
while you do and you know it.
But knowing that only makes you feel worse,
and you've still got nothing to make you feel any better.
No sports or drugs or sex or cruelty or theft
or fleeting rush will ever ultimately help you.
Admit it, though.
You desperately want to get in a band,
be seen on stage,
have people lust after you like you do for them
out in the audience, dreaming.
Scheming.
Scheming.
Hoping one day you'll be up there like them,
a celebrity.
But you really don't want to be like anyone.
You just want to enjoy the money and the power
and easy party lifestyle, sure.
But that's the only part of the illusion
you're ever going to see,
because there's only a fraction
who ever make it up on that stage,
and when they get there,
it's like nothing they ever dreamed of,
and your chances of making it up there
are slim and nigh.
Shoot is made in droves
Listen opens the여� of the deep

our lives and work lives
where we are together at home,
Subtitles are available for touche.

Just to say the nigh, I will have life withoutReact.
Thank you, Steve.
Thank you, Princess.
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen.
True to the subgenius tradition, we do things out of order on purpose, and so I would like to read you your bedtime story now.
This is dedicated to Dr. Seuss, certainly one of us, and probably part of the reason many of us are.
This was written in retaliation for a question.
It's common on the Internet when folks come into a new area and want to learn a new subject where folks are talking.
They have a list of frequently asked questions.
It goes by its initials, FACFAQ.
And this was written as a FAC for somebody who asked, what's this Church of the Subgenius all about anyway?
So, this is my FAC for Slack.
Let me tell you a story, a story of Slack.
Sit down in the front so you can see in the back.
This story of Slack can act as a FAC.
There was a kind man known as J.R. Bob Dobbs.
He could sell anything.
He would sell Gallup.
He would sell
He would sell
He would sell pinky ringers.
He would sell little fingers.
He could sell karaoke to professional singers.
He wasn't a genius, but he sure had his luck.
And with his wife, Connie, he sure liked to, well, what do you think?
After all, he's just human.
Well, no, he isn't quite, but we'll get there.
Quit fuming.
Well, working one night on a homemade TV came a curious light, and what should he see?
That alien Wotan, plain as you, plain as me.
He jiggled and sizzled and he zapped and he popped.
From Jehovah One, immaculation he copped.
Jehovah One spoke and spoke more and then stopped.
What Bob Dobbs then learned is a matter of church, for he fell to the ground with a stumbling
lurch and he spouted and ranted and started to shout,
The X's are coming, all you Yetis, get out!
But Bob learned that the Yeti were the original race, and the humans came later and there went the place.
And they both were created by aliens from space.
The genes of the Yeti to this day still exist.
They survive in those called subgenius, those few left alive, who are different as different as different can be.
You think one is you? I know one is me.
The subgenii are born with original slack.
The conspiracy takes it and won't give it back.
Oh, they'll give us false slack, like trash in a sack.
They steal it from TV, they make us buy more.
They wish us we had more, more, more, more, more.
But it's never enough because it isn't real.
It hasn't the stench or the look or the feel.
It just feels like junk, this stuff that we buy.
They don't care what it is as long as we buy and we buy and we buy from month front to month back.
And still we're left wanting because it ain't got no slack!
Woo! Woo!
Let me cool off a minute, my little Yeti kin.
Let me cool off a minute and jump in again.
Well, Bob saw what happened with the pinks in control.
Pinks are people who are normal, they're average, Joe.
This really set fire to the froth in his bowl.
And so he said, them pinks got to go.
So he started a church that he could put out, the word that he needed to chase the pinks out.
And he got back the slack and he hired Reverend Stang to write down his words with his writey-write thing.
Stang scribbled and scrabbled and scratched and he wrote.
And he went to the Bibles there to emote on the evils of pinkness and the joys of slack.
And he offered salvation or triple cash back.
From Big Apple Piedom to Arkansas Land, the Yeti came forward and all got together.
They saw they were different.
They saw this was grand.
They gathered together like weirds of a feather.
And though they were similar as fire and ice, they all were the same.
Isn't that nice?
They all enjoyed being different together with others, their Yeti kin sisters and Yeti kin brothers.
And Bob decreed thusly that they should have slack.
And they should prepare to steal it back from the con that took it, those nasty con pinks.
And he offered to sell them to tell them what they really thinks.
Now Bob gave the warning our time here is short.
The saucers are coming and not one with Gordon or Clack 2 but the real ones from a planet called X.
With big scary monsters who'll breathe down our necks.
And pick out the Yeti to give them a ride.
And if you're not signed up, it's no use to hide.
They'll find you inside or they'll find you outside.
They'll be here in July 1998 on the fifth of the month and they won't be late.
At 7 AM every Yeti girl and guy will be taken on board to watch the pinks fly.
But you must have your ticket if you want on board.
While you're burst in the street like a microwave oven.
And you're waiting for your favorite Dave Gord.
Send in 30 bucks.
This is the ground floor.
The subgenius foundation.
Make sure this name sticks.
Post office box 140306.
In Dallas and Texas.
And five numbers more.
Zip code 752 and a one and a four.
Don't write less numbers and don't write anymore.
Now Bob is a reaching through reverence thanks preaching on the hour of slack weekly radio show.
And the wired in Yeti called the internet.
And log all thoughts slack.
And that's where you should go.
Now I know I've left out many parts.
Very good parts.
But slack's a big thing.
Bigger than I can say.
I can tell you from sunup until night and next day and still not be done and have more to say.
So I'll just say one more thing.
Little Yeti.
Hush.
I wouldn't walk.
No sir ma'am I would rush and send off that money and find me some slack.
And then you could write your very own fact.
Your very own fact.
I'm not going to talk back about getting slack back.
About Bob and Connie and saucers and such.
Better hurry there's time left.
But not very much.
Woo.
Woo.
Oh yes dear friends.
And what were we listening to up to this moment.
Well let's see.
There was of course some ESO radio.
And some more happiest.
Guys in the world with that song.
You can make a difference if you try try try.
And Life Stinks by Pinko Punko.
Now see didn't I tell you this was going to be a happy happy show.
And some thought alchemy there.
Well he's not very happy.
But I think he's getting to it.
And that wonderful poem there from the Columbus Devival by Dr. Dinosaur.
And devoted to Dr. Seuss.
Oh yeah we did hear some Ewing Oil in there.
That's Reverend Matthew Carey's band.
Now where was that.
I just.
Hey when you're getting a book dictated by demons what do you expect.

Mark ten at sudden speed.
Flying into the wind now.
I'm throwing at my feet.
Something of likeness to you now.
I spotted you in the sun.
I called your name from a distance.
I knew you were the one.
I called again.
I do declare.
I can float in the air.
And with some love from above.
You must.
Pop pop pop pop pop pop.
Pop pop pop pop pop pop.
Pop pop pop pop pop pop.
Pop pop pop pop.
Chicken p виде bronze.





Pop.

Cruzdeo.
Chippin.
Pop pop.




Ovco dop.
he's dead he really is dead everybody thinks he's on that tropical island living up with jim morrison
and janice joplin and freddie fender and a lot but no he was snuffed out the other five oswalds the
ones that didn't get caught they're the ones are down there partying on that island of jim morrison
and i'm like yeah they're having a good old time those other five oswalds got away it was you know
that sixth clone the degenerate oswald clone that got caught up there on that 14th floor of the
focus repository yeah yeah you're not gonna learn this kind of stuff in history class no i gotta sit
here and i gotta tell it to you i'm the only one who will i'll tell you the truth man yeah oswald
acted alone all right you just don't know which one there were six of them six little oswalds
all on gbp's gunning down the president what a saint that was that was before my time though
but yet i know more than the average joe because i'm a subgenius yeah
you
does that mean my i quote my iq is just below 140 no
it means i have an extraordinary knowledge of the sub things the under knowledge
the truth of the backwards backwater universe the truth only the few
the chosen are allowed to see to get a glimpse and yet not go mad that's the church of bob the
church of subgenius
jr bob dobbs a living slack master he can
jr bob dobbs a living slack master he can
jr bob dobbs a living slack master he can forgive you and protect you from the truth with the
he can forgive you and protect you from the truth with the
he can forgive you and protect you from the truth with the veil eyes yes he will
veil eyes yes he will
veil eyes yes he will yes he will
jr bob dobbs a living slack master he will
jr bob dobbs a living slack master he will he also run away with your money your dog
he also run away with your money your dog
jr bob dobbs a living slack master he will he also run away with your money your dog and your wife
and your wife
and your wife hey nobody's perfect
hey nobody's perfect
hey nobody's perfect except the bad
except the bad
except the bad incidentally whether you believe that evil
incidentally whether you believe that evil
incidentally whether you believe that evil spirits are actual personalities that is
spirits are actual personalities that is
Speak to it anyway in the name of Jesus.
Break its power and command it to loose its hold over our young people.
Point number six.
In the name of Jesus, set free those who have been bound by drugs.
The Lord has revealed to us that anyone who wants to be freed from bondage to drugs
will be set free if they do these three things.
Step one.
Take whatever drugs are in your possession,
throw them on the ground, and step on them, stamp on them, crush it under your feet.
God's word declares that our enemies shall be like ashes under our feet.
Drugs are your enemies.
They've been stealing your money, destroying your social relationships,
and trying to kill you in the bargain.
Crush the enemy.
Crush him.
If you don't have any drugs on hand at the moment,
simply write the name of any and all drugs you have ever used on a piece of paper
and put that under your feet.
And then stamp on it.
Amen.
Step number two.
Speak to the drug.
Call it by name and say cocaine, crack, speed, or whatever.
You are not going to lord it over me any longer.
Jesus is mine Lord.
In ten minutes, you'll be smoking in hell.
But at least in hell, they don't make laws against smoking.
Let's think about it, friends.
Which place is hell?
The place where they're gonna let you smoke, the place where they won't let you smoke?
If you ask me, this is hell. All the airports in this country, that's hell.
Parking lots, that's heaven.
You will receive an unmitigated shot in the eye.
You will receive power that goes all the way to the base of a Kundalini
and results in an enormous outburst of sexual power.
Once you have received this dosage, you will have to calm down
and remain in one place under a tree or in the shade for a matter of minutes
because if you resume activity to soak in the...
I don't hear the music, but go, baby, go!
Was there some? Was there some?
I can see the music.
Did he hear what? What? What?
Right, right, right.
I see hi-fi sonic music doorways to a bad planet, baby.
Let's blast off and rock it away with this groovy beat.
It's so... it's goo-vy, man.
It's making me feel like I'm... like I... I took... I gooed too much.
I'm... I'm gleaning and... and blarning.
Frop patch.
I took one of those...
No, no, you turned the frop patch up too high.
I put too many patches on.
Man, your... your arms...


Your arms are getting green and hairy.
Yeah, I kind of dig it, though.
I dig watching it.
Boy, you look really, really strange.
Wait, let me get the vid cam here for a minute.
No, it's all right.
I know when I've had enough.
More, Iggy, more!
Hey, man, you better take that thing off.
If you can, take it off.
Give me a bigger patch.
Yes, one that'll cover my whole face.
It'll get into my eyeballs.
Oh, Lord.
Little patches for right in my eye.
Hey, they better sit down.
They'll deliver the dosage.
The chemical, the master molecule.
I will obey the master molecule.
That thing's growing into your arm, man.
I can't even get it out of you now.
Yeah, they said they weren't gonna let me smoke at the airport.
Uh-huh.
Oh, yeah.
Said they were gonna check my excretions for bad smoke.
For church air.
They wanted to see if I'd been breathing any church air.
Well, I think we're gonna figure out a way around that.
We design these little patches.
I'm feeling fine now.
Oh, yeah.
So we smoke the airport.
Every one of them actually burns like fire.
We smoke the airport.
It delivers the master molecule.
D-O-B, they call it.
Dob.
There are some side effects.
Your left arm will go almost completely numb for about a week.
You can still use it.
You can still use it.





You just can't feel it.
And your toes will be without feeling.
But these are temporary effects.
It's not a problem.
It's doctrinal.
It's Adamic.
It's organic.
It has not been touched by the conspiracy.
It's Dobbs approved, dear friends.
Oh, if you've been high dogmatic earmuffs already, all this music is...
I'm sorry.
You were teaching me.
I forget that.
It would make you believe.
Oh, I have no damage.
I better sit down.
That's all you need.
You don't need to know.
Oh, oh, my God.
My feet are expanding.
You only need to believe.
I try to believe.
I try to believe.
You only need to believe.
Secret heart attack.
Please, please, please.
The bear is such a fake.
Please, please.
My bodys are getting bigger.
Oh, my God.
I don't want to look in the mirror.
Don't, don't, don't.
It's so easy to believe.
That's true.
I'm telling you, Dave, all you have to do is give, you give us that $30 and we give you this little pill and you will believe.
You will believe.
It's like faith healing.
It's, it's just like faith healing.
You know, you go to the conspiracy doctor and because you believe that if it costs a lot, it must work, you pay him a lot of money and generally you get well because that's the, that's the way faith healing works.
And it happens to be your faith.
You believe, Dave, that if you pay for it, it must be, if they were charging money for it, it couldn't be a rip off.
Pay him a lot of money all the time.
So, you know, I mean, it had a slick cover.
It had a barcode on it.
Give him all your sweat.
It was shrink wrapped.
So, you know, it must be okay.
Give him all your fat.
Underwriter Laboratories approved.
Give him all your blood.
Give blood, dear friends, because that's how we make the pills that do this today.
Give blood at your blood bank and make sure it goes to the home for slackless children.
Poor slackless.
Hey, if they're just a poor street, street bum, drunk, old junkie, retarded, perverted, but he's happy.
Listen, I'm 58 years old.
Listen.
My sideburns are slightly green.
I'll be damned if I ain't still a childish, beautiful street.
Anybody's my mark to you, man.
I'm a member of your church.
What's up, gum?
I'm a Bonfide, Reverend, Reverend, Reverend, Los Calvo.
Hey, you.
Hey, buddy.
Buddy.
Wait.
Hey, man.
I need some spare change to get back to New Jersey.
My car is overfrenching on a bunch of things.
Hang on.
It's overeating and stuff, you know.
Like maybe like 25 cents.
Get over the bridge, man.
Hey, yeah, well, you too.
You know, right up yours, buddy.
You know what?
That's what's wrong with countries like these people like you.
Yeah, I'm still leading a charmed life, man.
I'm still the world's oldest.

Oldest street urchin, man.
I'm still beautiful.
You know, passed by the pawn shop, look in the mirror, and hey, hey, what the, what the
hell?
Man.
You too can live like Dave and bathe in a sea of slack all the time.
He is an idiot, yes, but a blissful idiot.
Man, I look like I just bathed in a sea of urine.
Man, I didn't know I was sweating so hard to get off that bus.
I got a little wet.
Man.
It's a lot of work.
I need a little bit of sleep.

Man, I need a lot more slack in this.
I need a lot more slack in this.
I don't know if I lead such a charmed life after all.
Ah, Dave sometimes falls into doubt.
And you see, it's when he doubts that his bad luck comes along.
You see, he's being followed now by some obvious thugs who plan to roll him and torture him.
Hey!
But that's because he lost his trust for a minute.
I'm totally broke, I swear, bro.
He hasn't.
He's lying. He has $20 that he could have given to Bob today.
You see what happens when you don't give your $20?
It's cause and effect. It's simple cause and effect.
Take it.
Damn. The last $20.
Shit.
Friend, you're going to get that $20 stolen.
Might as well send it to Dobbs.
Next week, we're going to tell you to send it to the station.
Cause you cannot imagine what it is like to live in a city that doesn't have WCSB.
Where you can't hear such brilliant, brilliant monologues as Lonesome Cowboy Dave has been delivering.
Not to mention yours truly, of course.
And such jazzful music as chazful as of.
So, remember folks, seriously, this just between you and me,
all shtick and...
schmoozing aside.
Give.
Save.
Give.
Give.
Give.
Give.
Give of yourselves.
Save up and...
and call in.
And when you call in that pledge next week,
have something to back it up.
Don't just call it in so you'll feel good for a little while.
Back it up.
We're not talking about your sex drive.
We're not asking you to donate your organs.
We're only asking you to donate a small amount of your religious offerings you'd normally give.
And, baby, give your cap to us.
Because we don't got a worm for us.
Pussy, pussy.
And they can also sell those cats to the medical school downstairs for torturous experimentation.
So, wouldn't you rather give the money than the cat?
Sure.
I think you would if I know you.
And I think I do.
You'll dig down deep into your pockets and support WCSB,
the coolest station that ever walked the earth on its invisible radio-tronic legs.
Seriously.
If you've...
uh...
You can't imagine.
What?
What?



In Dallas, Texas, there is nothing on the liberal bias media.
Except, well, Rush, G. Gordon Liddy, and Pat Robertson.
And Floppy Ann.
Remember, Floppy Ann would give Dine-Ed cuisine hints from the kitchen?
And sometimes she'd get off on them religious right-wing diatribes right in the middle of making a sandwich.
One time she cut right through the middle of veal cutlet and started screaming about...
Well, I don't even wanna say it on this here.
That was cool, though.
And there was a little worm.
Remember the little character, Mr. Wiggly Worm?
Yeah.
That the host would put the big little miniature town on his lap and Mr. Wiggly Worm would come out and talk to the kids.
He had a little face painted on.
It was really the guy's thumb.
Yeah.
Cause sometimes words are worms.
And they crawl right into your brain.
And they wriggle around and wriggle around and don't come out.
Unless maybe they wanna try and come out your nose, which most of them refuse to dare.
Have you given to the Corruptigating Worms Foundation?
Thousands of Americans.
If you can call Dave that, suffer.
Thousands of people.
If you can call them that.
Millions across the earth.
If you can call it that.
In this life.
If you can call it life.
They suffer from the Corruptigating Worms.
They're just words at first.
Little words like Bob and subgenius and just dumb little words.
And they crawl into your brain and eat away like larvae in the middle of your skull.
And they've eaten your cerebrus corpus callosum and expanding outward until you can't even get down your own stomach.
And your shoes are through your doody.
Fancy schmancy sociologists call these words and concepts memes.
We prefer to call them memeys.
Memeys. Memeys. Memeys. Memeys.
Little disconnected thoughts gnawing at your brains.
Little ingo kiko. Little ingo kiko.
And you're fighting and you're drinking your blood and all of your work from your...
Yeah, I'm being exploited by them weird J.G. Ballard creatures from outer space, whatever they call them.
Yeah. Worms are out of balance, ish.
Cleveland, Wisconsin.
Cleveland, Wisconsin.
Cleveland, Wisconsin.
Cleveland, Wisconsin.
Cleveland, Wisconsin.
Cleveland, Wisconsin.
Yeah.
Blanche, I did declare it's time for you to make up your...
Whoops.
Blanche, no. Not me.
To make up your own rules. I think it's a game.
I'm sure it is.
I was...
No, uh...
Be catapulted.
Be catapulted.
Be catapulted.
Uh, hey.
I have another announcement that I was... I wanted to make.
And, uh, I lived...
Ooh.
Ten minutes, you'll be smoking in hell.
Ten minutes, you'll be smoking in hell.
Sometimes you'll...

Ten minutes, you'll be smoking in hell.
Ten minutes, you'll be smoking in hell.
10 minutes, you'll be smoking in hell.
10 minutes, you'LL be smoking in hell.
10 minutes, 10 minutes, you'll be smoking in hell.
Love, love, maybe it's not the answer, maybe it's just not the way.
Love, love, maybe it's not the answer, maybe it's just not the way.
Praise Ronald Reagan and his nuclear arsenal.
He may not save our homes, but he will certainly save our souls.
Love, love, maybe it's not the answer, maybe it's just not the way.
Love, love, maybe it's not the answer, maybe it's just not the way.
Love, love, maybe it's not the answer, maybe it's just not the way.
Love, love, dying for our services.

I don't think it's the answer
Love, love
It's probably not the answer
Love, love
I've got to find a way
Saw the world through a child's eyes
Just the other day
Looking through these child's eyes
I saw a better way
I want to help all the people
Who are bad and mean and strange
Take their hands, shake their hands
And show them a better way
Love, love
It just might be the answer
Love, love
I think it might be the answer
Love, love
It probably is the answer
Love, love
I think I've found a way
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
This song is about love.
But not just the kind of love
between a man and a woman
or a boy and a girl
or even a cat and a dog.
We're speaking in more gentle terms.
Love between neighbors.
Love between two rival institutions
or high schools.
Love between different rock bands
and or television personalities.
The kind of love
that makes you wanna sing.
And now,
we'd like you all to sing along.
Love, love
It's definitely the answer
Love is the only way
Love, love
It's definitely the answer
Love is the only way
Love, love
It's definitely the answer
Love, love
It's got to be the answer
Love, love
Love, love
It's definitely the answer
Love, love, love is here to stay
Always be careful what you drink and how you mix your drinks
Because if you're not careful
You'll throw up all of your horny with a chick food
And then you won't have energy to get horny with a chick on
Here's the moon pants song
Mooney, mooney, moon the pants
Ejaculating your moon pants
That didn't come out right
Mooney, mooney, moon the pants
Ejaculating your moon pants
What are moon pants?
Pants like the astronauts wore to the moon
Now it's time for the moon pants
For a little commercial
S-L-A-C-K, slack
And this is what you need in your life
Repeat these to yourselves and always remember it
And I'll be taking any new members in the back of the room
For your $30 check, money order
Payable to the Subgenius Foundation
We also now take Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover
And we also, if you don't have that with you at this gathering
We also have a 1-800 number you can...
I've had sex with women and I've had sex with dogs
I've had sex with chimpanzees and I've had sex with frogs
I've had sex with cars and I've had sex with trains
I've had sex with people's lives and sex with people's brains
Everything I see, I screw
Living a tattoo
I might screw you, but I'm not screwing you
I might screw your grandma
Or I might screw your cold sloth
I've had sex with hot dogs and I've had sex with soup
I've had sex with spinach and I've had sex with poop
I've had sex with snowflakes and I've had sex with shoes
One day I'll break down your door and I'll have sex with you
One day we'll break down your door and we'll have sex with you
One day we'll break down your door and we'll have sex with you
Everything I see is sex




See, I screw living and dead too.
I might screw your grandma.
Or I might screw your ghost.
Ah!
Yes, yes, yes.
The great pinko punko there.
And where's my lame-ass prison band music?
Yeah, this background music here is by Jay Powers and the Lame-Ass Prison Band, it says on here,
at the Twin Rivers Correctional in Monroe, Washington.
So, where is that?
Here it is.
Yeah, it's funky.
It's a happy prison band, folks.
Yeah.
And this has been a happy show.
That song Sex by Pinko Punko.
Before that, we heard Jesus.
Selling.
We heard Joe Offrecht doing the classic Moon Pants song.
Prior to that, Love is the Answer by the happiest guys in the world.
And you know what?
I've about decided that they are the most cynical guys in the world.
I'm going to have to send that tape to Ninslow.
Einstein Secret Orchestra, War on Drugs, Cleveland, Wisconsin.
Oh, and Dr. Ed Strange.
From that Pennsylvania subgenius show.
I never can.
Prozac Free, friends.
And they'll probably have more of that coming up.
But first, I have to give you the post office box number.
Yes.
Yes.
Get ready.
And just right above that post office box, 140306, in lovely Dallas, Texas, 75214.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Just call.
That P.O.
Box, 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
Oh, yes, babe.
Make that a self-addressed stamped envelope or, you know, take your hate offerings.
Okay.
And dear friends, we now know nothing about what is next.
The best kind.
We'll be right back.
They want to hear scary, angry music.
Yeah.
Because they like to be scared.
Oh, if they only knew the truth, they'd be scared.
Yeah.
They get up every morning, go to work and or school because they say so.
And never ask why.
That's scary.
That's the conspiracy.
The conspiracy.
The conspiracy.
Of the normal people.
Yeah.
They're out to take away your slack.
Yeah.
And see, you're just sitting there.
You don't even know what slack is because it's been taken away from you.
You'll probably never have it.
You probably never had it.
You probably never will.
Yeah.
Snatched from you from birth.
And only Bob, only Bob can show you the path of least resistance back to the golden arches
of slack.
Yeah.
Oh.
Oh.
Just one moment of slack.
And that's what I'm talking about.
I'm talking about the fact that slack makes Nirvana seem like walking on burnt coals after
you scrape up the bottom of your feet with a thousand rusty razor blades with 12 inch
spikes through your nipples.
Yeah.
That's what Nirvana's like compared to slack.
And guess what?
I got my slack right here.
Slack in the form of a big old rock stick.
Yeah.
We're going to get all rocked up and play some evil music for you.
You want evil music?
We'll play evil music.
I don't care.
Satan's a friend of mine.
I don't care.







Still gotta have a party stick.
Hot child.
Hot rod.
Hot blood.
Hot dog.
Hot child, hot rod, hot blood
Yes, star baby, yes, star baby, yes, star baby
Take me higher
Yes, star baby, yes, star baby, yes, star baby
Take me higher
Fly me to a place beyond the sun
Love me, yeah, rock it to the rhythm
I want more than pretty kid improvements
And cheap kisses in your little day movies
She chases dreams, pieces of skies
She rides her road to paradise
For hot love, hot lies, lost to lust
Vicious fixin', vicious darlin'
Yes, star baby, yes, star baby, yes, star baby
Take me higher
Yes, star baby, yes, star baby, yes, star baby
Take me higher
Take me higher
Fly me to a place beyond the sun
Love me, yeah, rock it to the rhythm
I want more than pretty kid improvements
And cheap kisses in your little day movies
Stranger than strange, it's Strangeless
A little hungry Venus in the rain
For hot love, hot lies, lost to lust
Vicious fixin', vicious darlin'
Yes, star baby, yes, star baby, yes, star baby, yes, star baby
Yes, star baby, yes, star baby, yes, star baby
Take me higher
Yes, star baby, yes, star baby, yes, star baby
Yes, star baby, yes, star baby, yes, star baby
Take me higher
Yes, star baby
Take me higher
Take me higher
Higher, higher
Yes, star baby
Take me higher
Take me higher
Higher, higher
Higher


Glamour is my only weapon
To kiss and drink
Is the sweetest sky
It's the ride to love
To paradise
The heart of heartlines
Lost and lost
Wishes fixed
And missions not set
Wingstar baby
Wingstar baby
Wingstar baby
Take me higher
Wingstar baby
Wingstar baby
Wingstar baby
Take me higher
She's a hungry vulture
Wingstar baby
Mission starter
She's a vicious victim
Wingstar baby
Mission starter
She's a hungry vulture
Wingstar baby
Mission starter
She's a vicious victim
Wingstar baby
Mission starter
I'm out of here.
I'm out of here.
I'm out of here.
