Oh
You're no good I know you're no good but have me help me I love
The subgenius power of
Yowling and screaming like a cat the cat you hear me
This horrible thing it goes beyond the normal into the supernatural
Everyone should know about it the world should know about it sir. You mean science who cares about science?
You're going to let everybody know what happened
It's my shame
And you're not going to tell a living soul about it. No one you hear me. No, that's my duty John
I must inform the authorities keep away I say
No, he was going to tell us about
everyone
They have taken you away
Locked you up
Pointed at you laughed at you
That's a shame
Hello
I make it a fire first you come for the paper
Oh, she fell asleep I've gotta go
I asked you why you fell asleep when you were babysitting just tell them you were stoned they'll understand sponsored by
the subgenius power of slack
The subgenius power of slack
Yes dear friends it's hour of slack number one thousand forty three
Only again I'm lying because I'm not lying

We're gonna play a rerun a
Really old rerun from 1987 probably around August 1987
our of slack number 91
with special guest hope Robert Anton Wilson
author of the Illuminatus trilogy with the late Robert Shay and
Cosmic trigger and so many other books Robert Anton Wilson
was a huge influence on the development of the church of the subgenius
unquestionably and
I'm
Really glad we actually were able to get him into the station in Dallas a couple of times. This was the first time I
was a baby friends you'll be able to tell by the
both the quality of the tape and the quality of my questions and comments
This was the the little baby Reverend staying I was
It's only 33 or something.
This was almost 20 years ago.
So I hope you'll be able to cut us some slack, as they say, regarding the emotional quality, shall we say, of yours truly.
But the background music is great.
And, oh, by the way, the background music right now is great.
Right, and it's by the Flying Ryan Brothers, or the Fly-In Ryan Brothers, I should say.
Their album, Blue Marble, a big guitar masterpiece.
They almost got an Emmy a couple of years ago.
You can get more about them from Ryanetics.com, R-Y-A-N-E-T-I-C-S.
Sort of like Dianetics.
Anyway, let us...
Let us plunge right into this ancient, ancient show and praise all the Bobs.
Oh, dear friends.
Yes, I'm going to crank this show back into unholy life here.
Got my little intro tape queued up at a random point.
I don't even know where it's going to start.
So let's see if it's meaningful.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Well, next time I'll cue these things up a little bit.
That wasn't the intro tape.
Will, what are you doing?
What have you done?
I'm going to cue.
That's right.
Okay.
Okay.
Friends, dear friends, the coincidences are all important.
All important.
I want you to know.
Ah, yes.
Now it feels right.
This is the Hour of Slack from the subgenius radio ministry, dear friends, and this is
your host, Reverend Ivan Stang.
Back from my vacation in Antarctica with my kids and someone else.
The dangerous someone else, you girls out there.
And I got slack.
Praise Baba, my vacation.
I did get slack.
Long overdue indeed it was.
And for that I owe quite a bit to the beautiful angel whose timely arrival and help and support
provided relief.
And I spell relief F-R-O-P.
The Will of Dobbs did the show last week entirely on his own, friends.
I want you to know I didn't cue up any of that stuff.
It was his first time on the radio and I thought he did a fantastic job.
And it was a good change of face and voice here.
So, so, we'll make him do it again and again.
I'll party.
Buck's devival was last night.
The anti-Stang devival.
And I understand it was a hot, hot devival.
Like 120 degrees hot in the bar of soap.
But Pope S. Cecilia,
and Reverend Chastity Belt,
both each independently told me that their personal sections were fantastic and the best part of the show.
A typical subgenius approach.
I missed it because, friends, because I had to finish stuff that you members paid for years ago.
Now tonight, there's not going to be a whole lot of tape.
Like we usually have.
Partly because we're being videotaped tonight.
So turn on your TVs on channel 101.
And see, since we're being videotaped, the great video operators, Reverend Garcia and Dealey Lama,
wouldn't have anything to shoot except for those tiny reels turning and the VU meters bouncing around unevenly.
So, but mainly, the main reason there's not going to be any tape tonight,
my children, is because we have an esteemed and honored guest tonight.
One who's only in the U.S.
Oh, once a year or less.
And this man is famous as hell to those who matter.
And also to most bobbies as well.
And the rest of you had best take heed.
So we shall take advantage of this man's time here by giving you Robert Anton Wilson.
One bob leads to another, dear friends.
And Dr. Wilson, welcome.
Welcome, welcome.
It's a thrill to be here.
It was a thrill to meet Bob this afternoon.
To shake his hand and find out all those rumors about his death were terribly exaggerated.
What?
You met Bob?
That was something I was going to get into later.
Now, I read this article you wrote about Philip K. Dick.
And in which you kept saying that J.R. Bob Dobbs and the great Irish scientist, De Selby,
kept interrupting you and giving you absurd suggestions on, you know,
on how to finish the thing.
And I was going to announce to our listeners that that was the first time anybody has actually
seen J.R. Bob Dobbs in like three years now.
At least in a physical manifestation.
And here you ran into him again last night.
I ran into him this afternoon on the street.
And I must say the pictures just don't do him justice.
Those cold blue eyes remind me of Paul Newman.
And those ears remind me of Alfred E. Newman.
The Alfred E. Newman of Mad Magazine is actually Bob's third cousin.
He's sort of like country cousin.
I thought so.
Bob was, that family was not exposed to the same nuclear test that Bob's family was back in the 1920s.
You didn't know they were doing tests back then.
Well, James Joyce did.
I heard about that.
Oh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh.
Well, Dr. Will, should I call you doctor or saint or pope?
Or what is your actual chosen?
I prefer just to be called Pope Robert the 23rd.
That's pretty classy.
You can say your holiness for short if you want.
Uh, yes, your wholeness.
My friends call me just Bob, but that may lead to confusion with J.R. Bob Dobbs, our risen savior.
So I was supposed to just call me your holiness.
Yeah, that's better than saying false Bob.
I could just, but who knows?
Who knows?
How many Bobs are false?
True at the same time.
Well, friends, I have to admit something tonight.
And that is that, uh, if, uh, uh, the, the, the, his holiness, uh, Pope Dr. Saint Wilson and, and Robert Shea had, if you guys had not busted your butts on the Illuminatus trilogy of books, I would, this, and I mean this, I might now, right now, be a drunken film gaffer.
Uh, and there certainly would prob, would be no Church of the Subgenius.
As we now know it.
Because I ripped off so many, uh, concepts, uh, and things from, from you, uh, to fill out what Bob had given us.
Lots of people tell me Illuminatus has changed their lives, usually with the help of Thunderbird.
Oh, the, praise the bird!
There, uh, there is a Subgenius clench in Boston which worships Thunderbird wine exclusively.
America's fine aperitif wine, made and bottled in Modesto, California.
It works best with methadrine, of course.
You know, it's funny you should mention that.
There was a time back when, way back when, you could throw those little things in that bottle and shake it up and,
well, friends, that's a bad, terrible kind of thing to, uh, to even conceive of.
But, the true religion is often out on the streets like that.
Dr. Wilson here, for those of you who don't know, his, his holiness, is, uh, he's a, a bad boy philosopher, a, uh, bone vivant, uh, mystic prophet.
He's a prankster and a contactee with forces beyond the ken of man.
But what do you know about that?
Well, you're gonna find out.
Um, but, but, before we get totally loose here, I wanted to ask you one thing.
Now, on the Dobbs Enlightenment test, which, uh, you theoretically shouldn't remember taking, right?
As a matter of fact, my memory of that is a little bit fuzzy.
God, if you have any memory of that at all, you're, you're...
Well, this would figure, because your score, uh, was, uh, 9.9 wrenchins out of 12 on, on that scale.
And yet, and yet, uh, you wear no turban.
You're not celibate, I assume. You have a wife and kids.
You don't make cryptic, uh, uh, self, uh, satisfying statements.
You're not, uh, old, uh, an old, uh, uh, native of India.
And none of the trappings of, uh, of your straight enlightened guru.
Uh...
Uh, you, you strike me as sort of a regular guy.
Uh, except with a Brooklyn accent, which was totally unexpected.
So, what's your secret?
I mean, how, how are...
I mean, obviously it's enlightenment, but there, there's a, it's a slackful enlightenment.
It's the pure grace of Bob in my heart.
Praise Bob.
Friends, uh, listen to that testimonial!
I mean, uh, uh, uh, but yet, I understand.
From what I've picked up from your, your writings, you've been through the crucible.
Uh, you've felt the, the, you've been in the house of pain.
The, and what I wanted to ask you is, you know, must there be the torment?
Is it necessary?
Hell no.
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob.
Something for nothing, friends!
That's what, that is ultimately, I guess, what slack is all about.
And you see, I can ask a, a ten-sentence question, and he can answer it much more cleverly.
In three words.
Um...
Well, that was what Bob, uh, summed up everything in three words when I spoke to him today.
We had a long two-hour conversation, and at the end of it all, he put this whole philosophy in a nutshell.
As he shook my hands and looked me straight in the eye, he said just three words.
It meant everything.
He said, send more money.
Friends...
And that reminds me, we haven't got all that pledge money from y'all yet.
And, I mean, what kind of a, what kind of a sub-genius are you?
That's ridiculous.
Now, um, uh, uh, Pope, Saint, Hierarch, uh, Wilson, um, how, just how many secret societies have you actually founded or had a lot to do with putting together?
A six-
That you can talk about.
A six hundred and sixty-six.
Where have I heard that before?
Oh, come on.
I bet it wasn't really six hundred and sixty-three.
It was probably six hundred and sixty-three, and you rounded it off, right?
Well, do you want me to list them all?
Well, uh, well, like the Discordians.
Now, the Discordians, dear friends, for those of you, those few of you who don't know, is like a precursor to the Church of the Subgenius.
It, it was, uh, started, what, in the late fifties?
1957, in a bowling alley in Yorba Linda, California, near the site of the beautiful, future Richard Nixon Memorial Statue.
We're raising money for that statue, and if anybody here is interested, and anybody listening who wants to commemorate Richard Nixon,
the most egregious president this country ever had, and if you don't know what egregious means, go look at your dictionary.
It's worth looking up, and he certainly was egregious.
We're gonna put up a statue of Nixon made out of solid gold, ten feet taller than the Statue of Liberty,
facing Asia, and warning those commies not to try to get a jump on Uncle Sammy.
And there's gonna be a bunch of lettuce in one hand, and a bunch of tapes from a wiretap machine in the other hand,
and an allegorical figure of Caesar Chavez below his left hand.

Alright! Hey, I'll give!
Yeah, it may not be money, but, uh, I'll go out there and help lay some of that gold plating on there.
Well, it's called to commemorate the golden apple of Ares.
Yep.
And the Acapulco gold that inspired the Discordian society in the first place.
The gold, friends. Is that all you're after, is gold?
No, you're after status, too, I know.
I know it. That's okay, so am I, obviously.
Um, well, yeah, the Discordians, they were, uh, and still are.
That's one thing that has given me a great deal of hope, is that the Discordian faith, as obnoxious as it is,
has never gone away, it only grows and grows.
I know half the subgeniuses out there are Discordians, and yet there was never a central P.O. box like we have,
or that, like Jimmy Swaggart or Jerry Falwell has, there's never been any...
Well, that's because we, that's one of our basic slogans, mantras, is we Discordians must stick apart.
Is that why you guys have slack and I don't usually?
There are now, we're growing faster all the time, there are now nine million Discordian popes on this planet,
and we're not going to rest until we've made a pope out of every man, woman, child, and good-looking dog on this planet.
We're not gonna, we're not gonna pontificate the ugly dogs.
But all the good-looking dogs can be.
Irish setters, golden retrievers, dachshunds, they can all be popes.
None of these ugly hound dogs you see skulking around alleys, though.
Well, you've got, we've got at least 14 to 10,000 listeners right now,
so why don't you hair-lip every man, woman, and child on Paraphrase right now?
Oh, I certainly, I certainly will.
You see, recently the Vatican announced that cardinals can give indulgences over television,
which is a great breakthrough in Catholic theology.
I respect their theology tremendously because it's so much like ours in the Discordian society.
And I figured if they can do indulgences over television, I can do pontifications over the radio.
We used to just make popes by handing out pope cards,
but now everybody listening to the sound of my voice automatically becomes a Discordian pope
and is totally infallible, and henceforth take crap from nobody.
Whether you want to be or not, friends, oh, and for you subgenius popes,
out there, this gives you a double-barreled ability.
You are both infallible and totally fallible, which is the gift of subgenius poping.
Well, we've sent one to the guy in Rome who thinks he's the only pope.
So he's a Catholic pope and a Discordian pope both.
You ought to make him a subgenius pope, too, so he'll be a triple threat.
Who knows where Bob is right this minute, friends?
Is he striding through the halls of the Vatican ready to smite or ordain the pope?
I don't know.
He was talking to Father Guido Saducci when I left him.
Oh, so you...
Well, you know, I actually stole my Discordian popeship.
I found a cheesy Xerox of the Principia Discordia.
Did I pronounce that right?
Principia Discordia.
Principia Discordia.
That's our holy book.
Right.
Which can now be bought from Loon Panic's company,
but at that time it was like bootleg Xeroxes.
And somebody...
I just started printing subgenius popes,
and I was reading the pamphlets for Bob,
and somebody came up to me and said,
you better look at this.
It's just like subgenius.
And I wanted to kill whoever had done it.
And then I realized it predated subgenius by a long shot,
and also that it was absolutely nothing like subgenius,
because it was much...
The Discordian faith seemed to be much more forgiving of the normals,
or something.
I mean...
The first edition of the Principia was five copies,
and it was run off on the Xerox machine
of District Attorney Jim Garrison in New Orleans.
After office hours.
Jim Garrison has never known his role in the evolution of...
Is that true?
That's true, yes.
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, did Cary Thornley have something to do with that?
Parts of the Principia were written by Cary Thornley II Oswald,
as he's known among his friends.
Yeah, oh, he's a famous subgenius.
Avoided by many.
Yeah.
And beloved, oh, beloved.
Most of the Principia was written by Mal Eclipse the Younger,
the omnibenevolent polyfather of virginity and gold.
I wrote a few parts myself, and so did Josh the Dill,
and Anrak the Backwoods, and Camden Benares,
and other Discordian popes and saints.
The main inspiration, of course, was Emperor Norton.
Praise Emperor Norton, fall down on your knees!
You might describe who Emperor Norton was and is in our hearts.
Well, Emperor Norton was a Jewish businessman
born in Cape Town, South Africa,
who emigrated to San Francisco in the 1840s.
He was horrified by the vigilantes.
He thought that democracy was collapsing into mob rule,
and he decided the United States needed an emperor.
And since he'd been keeping it a closely guarded secret all his life
that he was the illegitimate son of the King of France,
he decided to announce it publicly
and make himself Emperor of the United States.
A while later, he made himself Protector of Mexico,
and towards the end, he added King of the Jews,
which is why he's not buried in a Jewish cemetery.
The rabbis decided that was blasphemy,
so the Freemasons buried him instead.
He printed his own currency,
and he got everybody in San Francisco to accept it,
which just goes to show what you can accomplish
if the proper man is in the right place at the right time,
as Lao Tzu says, anything can happen.
Emperor Norton's currency was not only good,
in his lifetime it's worth even more now.
People pay a thousand dollars for one of Emperor Norton's 50 cent notes,
as long as it's signed with his hand.
Genuine Emperor Norton note.
He ruled for 23 years.
He tried to stop the Civil War.
He ordered Jefferson Davis and Abraham Lincoln to come to San Francisco
and submit to arbitration by himself.
And then he excommunicated them when they wouldn't come.
And what year was this?
This was from 1857 to 1880.
As Malek Lipsley Younger says,
everybody understands Mickey Mouse,
few understand Einstein,
hardly anybody understands James Joyce,
and nobody understands Emperor Norton.
Live like him.
Except Bob Dobbs, friends,
who doesn't need to understand Emperor Norton,
but just may have been him.
There have always been Bobs.
Not always by that name.
Well, what about this Masonic conspiracy?
That's one thing I want to know about.
My dad, for instance, is a Mason.
The cameraman behind me is a Mason.
For all I know, the Willa Dobbs may be a Mason,
and I'm a 44th degree Mason,
which is why none of you even knew I was.
So, where does this work in?
Are the Masons really demon worshippers?
The Masons' response is,
they're responsible for secularism, humanism, democracy,
Jeffersonian civil liberties,
and all the hideous forces that religious conservatives oppose.
All the forces that have made America
the richest and freest country in the world,
they all come from Masonic theory.
And I can see why the religious oppose them.
As Thomas Jefferson said,
I have sworn upon the altar of God
eternal hostility to every form of tyranny
over the mind of man.
That is why the clergy oppose me.
All that is on the Jefferson Monument in Washington,
except the last sentence.
They left that out in the interest of brevity.
Yeah, sure.
He was a primus illuminatus.
Oh, oh, and which leads me to,
I ought to play this little bit of tape.
Now, this is supposedly true.
This has got to be true because I heard it on TV.
Now, if we can just tune this young man in.
I'm a fellow in,
and none of you here in the studio will be able to hear this.
You were a practicing witch,
and that's what you called yourself.
As a matter of fact,
first thing I started off as was with what's known as
the Earth Mother religion.
You believe in the plurality of gods and goddesses.
Which is what Laurie has been telling us.
Basically.
Eventually, as I got to the higher levels,
your philosophy is changed.
You are not told what's really going on.
Now, a lot of witches today, independent witches,
people who are doing it by themselves,
and those who haven't really reached the higher levels yet,
honestly believe that there's just, you know,
this Earth Mother religion.
After you get to the higher levels,
you're actually told what god you're worshipping.
We call him Satan, okay?
But they call him Lucifer.
This group I'm talking about is known as the Illuminati.
They are the most powerful, subversive,
group that's ever existed in all of man's history.
And where are they existing, here?
Yes.
As a matter of fact,
they've already infiltrated our government.
On the back of the one dollar bill,
you will find three hexagrams and a pentacle.
The hexagram with that symbol and the circle around it,
a witch can summon up a demon.
Demons, you order about, you know,
to cause things to happen.
It's not something psychical we have in our...
The message is now part of and registered in your subconscious mind.
Oh, friends, now you know.
That was, uh...
That didn't sound quite as crisp as I hoped it would,
but this man was saying that witches,
the entire nature religion,
probably the whole New Age,
was being controlled by the Illuminati,
and yet I've always understood that the Illuminati
was merely a small subsidiary of Dobbs Co.
Uh...
And this is...
It becomes quite confusing.
Where...
Where does one start and the other stop?
And...
How much are they paying you to do this, sir?
Well, it beats the hell out of me, I tell you.
I wrote Illuminatis with Bob Shay,
and I thought it was fiction.
And then this John Todd appears on the scene,
going around to fundamentalist meetings,
and he claims everything in that book is true.
He lived through it all.
And he's ripping up the book,
ripping me off.
Or by ESP, I was, uh...
writing fiction, what I thought was fiction,
but it was actually his life story.
I don't know what to think about it.
I don't know whether to sue him for plagiarism
or go ask him for help before they get me.
Hey, for a long time,
I thought that Bob was surely pulling our leg.
That the, uh...
The conspiracy, which actually is a...
In some ways is, uh...
In the more pragmatic ways,
is interchangeable term with the...
The Illuminati.
Uh...
We thought for sure he was joking,
until the Secret Service showed up at my door,
and, uh, various other...
Coincidences?
Eh? Is that what they were?
Or what?
And, uh, finally, that got so scary,
I decided not to believe in a mini...
And just believe everything Bob said,
totally, uh...
Including when he said there was no Illuminati,
and that it was actually just man's stupidity alone
that had caused so many problems.
So...
Oh, uh...
Oh, uh, they're real enough, uh...
As T.S. Eliot said about the White Cliffs of Dover,
they're real enough.
I, uh...
After I first met Bob, that first time in Dublin,
the men in black kept coming around to my door
for weeks afterwards, pretending to be Jehovah's Witnesses
and trying to get into my living room and brainwash me.
I always let him do that.
But I don't let him exactly brainwash me,
I just record everything they say,
and then kind of change it a little bit,
and use it for subgenius.
Well, I tell them, don't let my cat out,
there's a lot of really vicious pigeons in this town.
That confuses them.
Well, um...
I'm sure you've probably had some run-ins with the conspiracy,
and I mean the real conspiracy.
Now, Bob...
I don't know if you knew this,
but your one-time collaborator, Bob Shea,
spoke on a panel discussion at the Subgenius World Convention in Chicago,
in 1982.
And I had expected him to take these things a bit more seriously,
but he joked about it,
like he thought it was all a big funny metaphor for something.
Well, it is all a big funny metaphor for something.
But what it's a big funny metaphor for isn't funny at all.
Praise Bob.
Now, that was a good line.
We'll use that in the next pamphlet, friend.
Some people think Discordianism is a complicated joke
disguised as a new religion,
but actually it's a new religion disguised as a complicated joke.
I bet you haven't even heard about the church of Fred Mertz, Bodhi's Atva.
I sure have.
You bet I have.
Are they still around?
Have you heard from them recently?
They're growing faster.
They had only three members last year.
Membership has more than tripled since then.
Well, I remember when we were talking that way,
which means in about ten years there will be about 3,000 of them,
and they'll end up in little weekly entertainment magazines.
It's one of the truest religions around.
This is based on the belief that Fred Mertz is the Bodhi's Atva assigned to American TV viewers.
Amida Buddha swore that he would not accept nirvana until every sentient being was enlightened.
And in order to do this, it needs an almost infinite number of Bodhi's Atvas.
How do you communicate with the fleas, for instance?
How do you communicate with the lice?
How do you bring enlightenment to an amoeba?
It takes a lot of Bodhi's Atvas.
And then there's the problem, how the hell do you reach American television?
How do you get enlightenment to the television viewers?
How do you get enlightenment to them?
Yeah, you think amoebas are hard.
Yeah, I mean, the American TV viewers, I mean, that's a lower life form than the amoeba and the evolutionary scale.
Well, they sent Fred Mertz and put him on the Isle of Lucy,
so everything he says is a profound revelation of cosmic truth.
You just got to be properly attuned.
And I have a friend in Maui that will send you the proper stuff to get you attuned
so you can appreciate Fred Mertz on those old reruns.
Oh, I have gotten mailings from them.
I didn't know they were still around.
I'm glad to know, and I need their address for my upcoming book of listing weird groups you can get free junk from by mail.
And I was going to ask you, you know, you've infiltrated many cults, and I'm sure—
666.
Right, there you go.
And all these great kooks have approached you.
Are there any sickos, contactees, Jesuses?
Or great god pans that really stick out in your mind that have announced themselves to you?
Well, there was one guy who used to call me up around 2 in the morning to tell me his latest flying saucer contacts.
But after that, I got an unlisted phone number.
It's a bit of a drag to get out of the bed at 2 in the morning to listen to somebody raving about the beautiful green women from Venus he's been bawling lately.
Well, you know, as a matter of fact, that's how Reverend Bucknay could first approach the church.
He was kidding, but I thought he wasn't.
And later on, we ran into people who indeed—
I was disappointed meeting the Reverend Bucknay.
I got a literal mind that somebody's name happened, or I expected him to be carrying a chainsaw or something.
And when somebody's name is Bucknay, you know what I expected?
Well, anyway.
That's what the post office has said to me several times.
People at the sacred P.O. Box, friends.
And that is P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214, the home of Bob.
We'll give that number again at the end of the broadcast.
Oh, yes.
Yeah.
Well, okay.
The conspiracy, obviously.
I'm sure they haven't paid you enough for your books.
What makes the conspiracy real for you or the Illuminati?
Actually, I should clarify.
The Illuminati is an actual group, and the conspiracy in subgenius doctrine is a million times more than the Illuminati.
It's a million groups, but also everyone, including the worst side of you, the listener.
Perhaps the back side.
We don't know.
It depends.
So, the horror.
What?
As Mr. Kurtz says at the end of Heart of Darkness, the horror, the horror.
Most people don't realize he was asking for Israeli music.
Actually, the Illuminati is, as I said, a funny metaphor.
A metaphor for something that isn't funny at all.
And that's the general human tendency to make a mess out of everything.
Now, this is because there is no one conspiracy running the world.
I'm sorry to break the news to you folks.
I know how much faith a lot of you listeners have in the one conspiracy.
Actually, there are 24 conspiracies.
If there was one conspiracy, things would be organized and they'd make sense.
Because there are 24 conspiracies, that's why there is so much chaos, discord, confusion, bureaucracy, and international reality.
And you all know who's the goddess of chaos, discord, confusion, bureaucracy, and international relations.
That's Ares.
Hail Ares.
She is the chick who had done it all.
I'm a Jehovahian patriarch myself.
We in the Stangian Orthodox, the fifth temple lodge of the Yeti Dobbs resurrected.
We...
Why did she divorce Jehovah One?
That's what I want to know.
Why would that giant split in the...
I mean, the squirt could have been perfect.
And now, look, it's...
He kept messing around with those Greek nymphs.
And she was afraid she was going to catch something worse than AIDS.
Oh, friends, there are so many worse things out there.
You know, the Ayatollah Khomeini has announced that if a man sodomizes camels, his wife can't get a divorce.
Because Allah is opposed to divorce, even in that case.
If a man's wife sodomizes?
No, if a man sodomizes camels, his wife can't get a divorce.
Oh, okay. Oh, well... How's that going to work?
You say a wife sodomizes a camel.
However, the Ayatollah...
The Ayatollah has a liberal side.
He said if a man is in the habit of sodomizing his brother-in-law, then his wife can get a divorce.
So, you see, compared to the Pope, the Ayatollah is something of a liberal.
He's been corrupted by Illuminati influences. There's no doubt about it.
Well, he's come a long way, though.
You know, obviously it pays off.
But, okay, if John F. Kennedy shot Bob Dobbs,
then who shot Kennedy?
That's what I want to know.
Oh, that was... Everybody knows who shot Kennedy.
That was an extraterrestrial job.
The proof is, you just got to look at the records.
The Warren Commission, all the conspiracy books, all the other novels written about it.
The Warren novel, the Weisberg novels, the Mark Lane novel.
Oswald was up on the sixth floor shooting.
He was on the third floor having a Coca-Cola.
And he was down on the ground floor in the crowd.
Now, the only way that's possible is if he were cloned.
And there was no cloning available on this planet then,
so it was obviously done by extraterrestrials.
Obviously, dear friends.
Well, actually, Bob Dobbs himself...
You know, did you know that the official...
What Dr. Philo Drummond was told by Bob was that
Kennedy came to Bob and asked him what to do.
He needed slack.
He said, how can I get slack? This job has too much pressure.
And Bob said, stage a fake assassination.
It works great.
And Kennedy is still alive driving a taxi in Argentina somewhere having a great time.
Actually, he eloped with Marilyn Monroe.
They faked her death, too.
That's why all these conspiracy books about Marilyn,
they all show there's a cover-up and they never explain what was behind the cover-up.
The cover-up was that she finally persuaded John, as she was trying for years,
to dump Jackie and run off with her.
That is the...
The secret that all these conspiracy books have not been able to unearth.
That and the extraterrestrial involvement, of course.
Oh, so, friends, the secrets are being unveiled in front of your very ears right now
and in front of the eyes, in fact, of our video watchers.
I bet you're going through those channels trying to figure out how to see us.
You have to be a mason to do that, friends.
Well, I probably should go to some of these...
carts that I must play...
for...
for goodness!
For the sake of good!
You can be anyone this time around.
You can be anything...
this time around.
You can be anything...
this time around.
You can do anything this time around.
You can be anyone this time around.
You're the first generation in human history...
to know how to control your own nervous system...
to change your own reality.
blow your own mind make up your own mind you can be anything this time around
you can be god this time around you've got to be god this time around
you can be anything this time around
you can be anyone this time around yeah as long as you're born rich as long as you're white
yeah as long as you're as long as you've got a credit card i don't know i have a sort of a
cynical attitude that friends that was the mighty timothy leary that's bob dobbs what i recognize
that voice that's bob no bob has a texas accent he's not from texas but he but he does have a
sort of
but that was bob's voice do you mean to tell me that tim leary and bob dobbs are the same person
and i never realized it before oh my god that's a bizarre and frightening revelation
could could we get in trouble over that or something well uh yes uh dr wilson here has
written what how many books that you did with in cooperation with here is it just one just one
neuro politics that's right yeah i have not read actually
the game of life also of course according to art cleps leary wrote illuminatus
the world is full of mythology and contradiction is an ambiguity praise the boohoo dear friends
where would the church be without contradiction and ambiguity i mean it's well we'd probably be
rich actually we'd probably be able to sell we'd change the name of the book to book of bob and
make it real corny and we'd probably be popular popular hit it
oh speaking of popular i was i was uh just interested to know uh
uh like for instance you've done how many books and we ought to cover that by the way folks you
can go out and pick up a number of books by robert anton wilson uh i know that the illuminatus
trilogy is out in big comp like all all three of them in one at taylor's bookstore and moon
grove bookstore over in old town uh paul key store lots of you who are interested in this stuff should
go to the moon grove bookstore and moon grove bookstore and moon grove bookstore and moon grove
if you haven't he's got uh he's got he's got all the new stuff cosmic trigger sex and drugs
i didn't call it sex and drugs and rock and roll because i didn't want to be sensational i just
called it sex and drugs oh and the new inquisition and right where you are sitting now
friends you need to go out there and pick up those holy texts um you can tell by by dr saint
holiness wilson's uh attitude that these are i mean this is sincere words of uh wisdom and uh
and and uh bull sacred bulldada all mixed up together just the way you like it so it goes
down smooth dear friends um oh and i want i want to publicly invite you to do this so that you
can't back down i'm going to hit up several other well-known folks but uh i'm trying to
don't have a job robert to tell the truth i i'm i'm between jobs and i've got these three book
projects i'm trying to sell now one is uh tales fictional short stories about bob dobbs called
three-fisted tales of bob stories by a whole lot of different people some well-known some not
but this is one that i want to invite you and all the listeners of this show who want to to
contribute to and this would be a book called bummers a series of first-hand descriptions
of your most horrifying but hilarious, in retrospect, drug trips,
including alcohol, you know, not just psychedelics or whatever,
because it would be hilariously funny to some of us in certain moods,
and it would be instructive.
It would be actually a good book for people to read
who are thinking about getting into it.
It would give them a little better idea of just what's out there
besides the fun stuff that their rock and roll guys sing about.
And, you know, a little bit of each.
So what I want to do, I've gotten some great, great material,
mostly from out of town.
None of the only two-hour Slack listeners have ever sent any of those things in
because they all think we're getting flooded with it.
Send those to P.O. Box.
181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
I'll get that number again at the end of the broadcast.
Or to KNON, address to the hour of Slack.
I just thought I'd mention that.
I want to put you on the spot and put all you listeners on the spot,
especially if you haven't paid your pledge yet.
It's the only way to get out of the Christian heaven.
Oh, here we go.
The Weeping Cyclops cart.
Oh, and I've got several things I wanted to cover before we have to get off.
They only give you an hour of Slack in Dallas.
Some people don't even get that much.
An hour of Slack is longer than an infinity of boredom.
Well, how would you...
What's your idea of Slack?
Well, the way it came to me when I was talking to Bob the first time in Paris back in the 30s,
this was after we both got kicked out of the Gurdjieff School together.
There were allegations of a most obscene nature,
which I wouldn't sully.
I wouldn't sully the audience's ears by repeating.
But, you know, the universe is made up of something and nothing.
You've noticed that.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, that was shown to me quite vividly at one point.
I tried to forget it.
Yeah, well, the audience can see this by just listening to me.
When I'm talking, you hear something.
When I stop, you hear nothing.
Not on this show.
Okay, there we go.
Nothing.
Oops.
Oops.
By the way, it was me that made that noise.
Your seminar, when you asked for people to listen to the silence.
I suspected as much.
I had to, man.
If you look at anything, if you listen, you hear the nothing in between the somethings,
as John Cage has pointed out in his book on music called Silence.
And if you look at anything, you see the thing and you see a lot of nothing around it.
So everything is balanced between something and nothing.
The atom consists mostly of nothing, as quantum physics has revealed.
And slack is the point between something and nothing.
When you're able to attune...
When you're able to attune your mind to the implicate order of the subquantum world,
you are between something and nothing.
And then you're in perfect slack.
And from then on, you can get something for nothing.
Repent.
Quit your job and slack off, dear friend.
Help me, somebody.
Oh, something for nothing, dear friend.
That's what people have always wanted.
For a concept like slack, which is definitively undefinable, that's pretty concise.
I mean, you know, you can go on and on and on about it.
And on and on.
Well, uh...
Oh, here's another form of the quest for slack.
Life extension.
Now, I have not been doing my homework, and I don't know where the life extension world is,
but I noticed that you still occasionally smoke cigarettes.
Now, that could be taken two different ways.
Is this because you have great trust in it, or in life extension research,
or because you've given up on it totally?
Well, it's because I left California.
When I was in California, I had this perfect perspective on the universe
because I knew, I still know most of the leading researchers in life extension.
And it seems to me that if we get another hundred years of life,
the breakthroughs in that time mean that we'll get thousands of years of life from further medical research.
And it goes on in a perpetual regress that we might be living millions of years.
And on the other hand, I was living on the San Andreas Fault,
which meant that I might be dead in a second.
And I thought that gave me the perfect sense of perspective.
But since I'm not living on the San Andreas Fault,
I've got to find something else to keep my life interesting.
So I do a lot of flying in airplanes, and I smoke cigarettes occasionally.
Yeah, I know. I sort of know what you mean there.
Well, yeah, you're not, I guess you don't live on ground zero like most of us.
Or would Dublin be considered yet another ground zero?
The Irish don't have nuclear plants.
They don't have nuclear missiles.
They don't have nuclear anything.
Oh, yeah.
And the San Andreas Fault is a nuclear plant.


They don't even have their own country.
Well, after 800 years of English conquest,
the rest of Europe is pretty much convinced there's nothing there worth conquering,
so nobody's likely to invade them.
They don't have much of an army either.
Well, I don't know.
I've chosen to live in Dallas partly because I hate this town so much.
I refuse to leave.
But just thinking about that instant obliteration.
The only thing that worries me, that really worries me about that,
aside from the destruction,
of all life on Earth,
a minor consideration,
is that what would a nuclear explosion do to the soul of the person?
That's a scary, scary part.
I've always thought,
I can hear some pleasant music in the background to comment on that.
See, you can't hear the background music
if you don't have headphones on.
I always have something going on in the background on this show.
We have to.
It helps throw off those who don't,
shouldn't understand,
or those who we want to confuse so much that they cannot misunderstand.
It's important that too much should not be revealed at once.
Except when it's always better than not enough.
Jerry Falwell is for those who are at that level.
Shirley MacLaine is for those at a little bit higher level.
And Elephant Duty Comics is for those one step up from there,
and so on, until you reach the level of the subgenius.
And beyond that, there's nowhere to go.
Except Discordianism.
What?
Wait a minute!
Well, I'm not going to get into that.
That happened with Shay, too.
Got into a fist fight over, you know,
Jehovah versus Eris.
Well, let's see now.
Bob.
Bob don't ever change.
He's Bob.
Always will be Bob.
His face is the one.
Big assembly of dots that shine in the dark.
His grin is the one that looks friendly.
But so does the grin of a shark.
He's Bob.
Bob don't ever change.
He's Bob.
Always will be Bob.
His hair is the one with the highlight that shines on the pompadour.
That glimmers and gleams in the twilight.
It's clear he knows what it's for.
He's Bob.
Bob don't ever change.
He's Bob.
Always will be Bob.
His pipe is the one with the doddle.
That rains on the roof like fire.
His neck is the one with the waddle.
Inflaming focus.
He's Bob.
Anyone's desire
is Bob.
Bob don't ever change.
He's Bob.
Always will be Bob.
Bob
It really touches you.
Be careful where it touches you, friends.
And it carries diseases.
And speaking of, well, now speaking of, Bob actually does change.
He comes in many forms.
And I wanted to ask you, now you've occasionally had these creatures from Sirius or whatever enter your brain.
And do you trust these things?
Not at all.
Not at all.
Friends, I hope you heard that, some of you out there.
Sirius is the dog star.
And as everybody knows, God is dog spelled backwards.
But look at Bob.
Bob is Bob spelled backwards.
Now, see, for some reason, I never get any contacts from pink beams of light or, you know, any, well, like that Whitley Stryber.
Have you read Communion, the Whitley Stryber's book?
I saw it.
I'm on television in Ireland.
The first of the bestseller contact e-books, which, by the way, I would recommend to people.
It's a very gripping and perplexing story because the guy does not sound crazy and, you know, has lots of wit.
He takes you through his experience in a very detailed way.
And I would also recommend his books War Day and Nature's End.
And those are all available in bookstores, by the way.
But, yeah, it's a thing.
The church is subgenius.
We occasionally run into people who tell us they've been getting these messages beamed into their heads.
And I keep telling them not to believe a word of it unless it's Bob.
And it probably isn't.
And so I was going to ask, do you have any words of warning or advice that you could offer to contactees and seekers in general?
There's a seeker one every minute, of course.
The.
The.
They'll pay to know what they really think, too.
Yeah, I used to get messages from serious.
And then I had a psychic reader tell me it was actually an ancient Chinese philosopher who was communicating with me.
And so then I had two ways of thinking about it.
And, well, if I took that ancient Chinese philosopher seriously, I'd be doing appearances with Shirley MacLaine now and channeling an ancient Chinese philosopher.
Right.
But then I had another psychic reader tell me it was a medieval Irish poet who was channeling through me.
And then I had three explanations.
And then looking at Harvey on television one night, I realized it was probably a six foot tall white rabbit from County Kerry, because some of the communication sounded just like you would expect from a six foot tall white rabbit from County Kerry.
He's known as the Pooka in Gaelic.
And he's got a weird sense of humor.
And after I had four explanations, I decided to take the most economical.
And I.
I decided it was the corpus callosum had been broken down by megavitamins.
And my right brain and left brain were talking to each other.
And that's all that was going on.
And I find that the most scientifically economical, most convenient and most heartening explanation.
I just have two brains where most people only have one.
Two brains are better than one, dear friends, or at least more entertaining.
Sort of like having a little monster moving your head all the time.
I'd love that.
I would really love it.
Well, we've got five precious minutes of slack left, dear friends.
And I do.
I do want to go to another tape to carry out the end of the show, mainly because I want you to have a copy of it.
This is be from the really the pope, the controller of all South America.
G.
Gordon Gordon, also a mercenary for Bob.
He has killed many to give them slack.
And if that's what it takes, then so.
Be it, dear friends.
But I wanted to play this.
This is just nature's way of telling you you need slack.
That's another.
That's another one.
I think you did meet Bob today.
Although I refuse to believe to believe or disbelieve any of it independently.
You've got to do both at the same time.
In fact, the first letter I came had it had to have an excuse to write you a letter a long time ago.
And somebody said, well, he knows something about the silver shirts that we're dealing with this other UFO cult, Nazi UFO guys.
And I thought, well, I'll ask him about that just to just so I'd have an excuse to send you a pamphlet.
And you wrote back and said, among other things, if you get any deeper into UFOs, keep your sense of humor.
So that was a long time ago.
I'd forgotten that.
Well, Robert Anton Wilson.
It's been a great honor to have you on the show and quite a coup.
Think how jealous some of the other subgeni out there will be.
So go ye forth, sir.
Turn others on to Bob, especially the rich and famous.
And send money.
Writers, friends, only sell books and not many people read anymore.
What is what was the highest sales in your books?
If you don't mind saying it depends on how long they've been out.
Illuminati is close to a million now.
Good Lord.
That takes a while.
Yeah.
And they didn't even want to publish it at first.
Right.
Made you cut a lot of it.
It took five years to get that published and they let it go out of print about five times in a row before they finally admitted it was a classic and they couldn't get rid of it.
Great.
Great.
That gives me a lot of hope.
We seem to be on sort of the same little thing.
I got 150 rejection slips for Book of the Subgenius because I didn't write it until I got a check.
I mean, we just told them what we wanted to do.
And it took that long.
That's the right way.
Don't write a word until you get a check in the mail.
That way they take you seriously.
Well, golly.
Well, Robert Wisdom isn't here yet.
This is a show full of Roberts, one Bob after another.
Oh, there he is.
Okay.
Well, I guess I can't play.
I'll play some of some of Dr. Gordon's tape here because I have to because you're probably the only person in this room that would catch all the references that are in it.
I'm not kidding there.
Praise Bob.
Oh.
Friends, I want you to write for information the P.O. box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118 www.subgenius.com.
Just write for information and you'll know it all shortly thereafter.
Thank you.
The word Bob from the old ganglionic responses signifies a species that is not a human being.
It is a species or separate race.
Only for a lack of proper understanding has Bob been considered as an individual.
More really, as the orgasmososm, he is the chief product of the semi-tergid, a Jehovah One, usually spelled backwards.
And within the nature of this microgasm, the space god, Yahweh One, established all the qualities of powers that he himself possessed.
Jehovah Prime, however, does not have slack.
And therefore, could not only not bestow it upon Bob.
But soon learned to drain off that part of slack that Bob, his personal creation, seemed to possess in natural and unlimited quantities.
According to the legend and many older beliefs, Jehovah One has always deceived his own creations by encouraging them to pull the wool over their own eyes.
So that they, Bob and his kind, would never know the incompleteness of their lord and creator.
Nor feel the subtle vampirization as he came to depend upon their slack.
For his own unfathomable ends.
Bob Amickman consequently partook of the characteristic of angels of light.
Or helioperorators.
Who were ministers for Yod, He, Vow, He, Aleph.
Indeed, it was affirmed by groups as ancient as the Christagnostians of Egypt.
That the redemption of the Yeti was assured through the descent of slack.
Which, as a spiritual essence superior to that of Jehovah One.
And which, entering the constitution of the righteous.
Conferred conscious knowledge of that immortal slack upon the fabrications of the semator.
Or demistergist.
That the pipe as a phallic symbol occupies an important part of early subgenius esoteric tradition.
Hargraves Jennings sees in the pipe of Bob a type of lingam of Shiva.
Which was a sacred stone representing the creative power of the world generator plant.
In the Gheez Works, writes Jennings, is a passage to the effect that...
The female!
And what is heard is heard!
That is, before the phallus.
The pipe being the symbolic phallus of the great proto creator of the blessed race.
It may possibly seems strange, he says.
But it is the most confessed tradition.
That among the Yetzini, Dobbs was commanded by Jehovah One, that when he finally should expire.
His dead body be kept above ground.
So that in the fullness of time, as a receptacle of incarnate slack.
© transcript Emily Beynon
