Instead of making your dollars shrink by investing in United States savings bonds,
why not make them grow with interest by spending needlessly when prices are high?
Here's the way it works.
Seventy-five dollars invested now each month will in ten years turn into an income of one dollar
for as long a period as you forcibly fought forces of evil each month for a fact.
But now...
The Soul Genius!
Our House!
The Soul Genius!
Savings Plan.
What sort of life, if any, inhabits these other planets?
Human life like ours?
Or life extremely lower in the scale?
Or dangerously higher?
You know, our next guest is Reverend Ivan Stang.
He's with the Church of the Subgenius.
And it's a church that's been around for quite a while.
Saved a lot of people from...
I don't know what it saved them from, but it saved a whole lot of people.
I think it helped a lot of people get married.
And helped a lot of people get married.
They are now claiming that the end of the world is coming soon.
And specifically, I think, on July 5th.
And just like any good organization, they're trying to make some money off of it.
And...
Uh...
So, I don't know.
We'll talk to the good...
Good Reverend, are you there?
Yes, I'm here.
Praise Jack.
Thank you so much.
The end of the world is coming.
It says the doomsday is coming for the 15th time.
I've missed the first 14 of them.
I don't want to miss this one.
Tell me what I need to do to be there and be hip about it.
Well, Jack, I was just looking at...
At your description on Wikipedia and your website.
Uh-huh.
And I feel like I should be interviewing you.
You're certainly weird enough to...
I would think you'd probably get a free admission to the X-Day end of the world.
X-Day?
You know, it's going to happen everywhere, but we figure we want to be with our friends and sex partners or whatnot.
Right.
You know, when the world ends.
I do believe in theories, Doctor.
But when you tell me...
You're going to be flying to another planet as a possibility, you're out of the realm of theory.
You're in a dream world of the impossible.
Even if the world were to end, would it be less unpleasant to die out in space than here on firm ground?
The world will not end.
Predicting the end of the world is an annual crackpot event in our society, an attempt to corner the newspaper headlines.
Read all about it!
End of the world!
Just around the corner!
Read all about it!
Get you!
People tend to let go of their inhibitions when they know everything is coming to an end.
Well, you know, I like to base everything on cartoons that I watch.
And one of them that I love to watch is called Squidbillies.
And at the end of the...
On their version of the end of the world, everyone got nude and all the Christians went up.
To heaven.
Rose up.
Now, the members of the Church of the Subgenius, will they float up nude or clothed?
Or will they remain on the ground to take care of business down here?
Well, that's a delicate subject.
What we suspect will happen, according to prophecy, is everybody who has bought a subgenius ministership, an ordainment in the Church,
it may be a little disconcerting because they'll all appear to be bursting into flames and screaming and yelling.
But their beautiful naked spirit will rise up into the escape vessels of the sex goddesses.
Out of the flame.
Which, by the way, are unichromosomal.
We call them goddesses because they can reproduce, but they can appear as anything you want.
So, you know, if you want your sex god or your sex goat, for that matter.
Right.
Whatever.
Whatever you want.
This is only available to dues-paying subgenius ministers, however.
Right.
I mean, we're crazy, but we're not any crazier than, say, the Jehovah's Witnesses, who have predicted the end of the world numerous times.
At least we do it on a regular yearly schedule.
And at a good time of the year and a good place, too.
You know?
It's in a campground in rural New York in Amish country.
Mm-hmm.
But the campground is regularly used by neopagues.
Oh.
And it's a nudist campground if you want to be naked.
Of course, only the ones who shouldn't be ever do, but that kind of goes with the territory.
Right.
And we will be in that territory soon enough, dear friends, because X-Day is a-comin'.
This hour of slack show, number 1,258, is composed almost entirely of people on other shows talking about X-Day.
We've heard some just now from the Jack Jett Show on Rational Radio in Dallas, Texas.
We'll also hear snippets from the Puzzling Evidence Show from KPFA Berkeley and from the popular British podcast called Right Where You Are Sitting Now.
Reverend Susie the Floozies, Bob's Slacktime Funhouse from WREK Atlanta will be exploited.
Used, as usual.
And, uh...
Well, you'll see.
Many of our listeners are unbelievers.
They think this show is cute or funny.
But they don't believe in Bob and they don't take X-Day seriously.
Maybe this upcoming recording will change that.
It was recorded at the 2002, or 2003, X-Day drill ceremony in Hamburg, Germany.
The epicenter of the Euro subgenius movement.
Oh, no, what?
That's Amsterdam.
Anyway, this is an actual recording from Hamburg, Germany of a live subgenius devival sermon preached by the great minister, father, or rather, Papa Joe Mama.
I want you to pay attention to this.




Put your hands together and scream like maniacs for the infamous evil Papa...
Papa...
Evil...
Papa...




Papa Joe! Papa Joe! Papa Joe!
Mama kendi Natie!
Papa Joe! Papa Joe! Hallelujah, ladies and gentlemen!
Jeah of Dobs.
Uber Alice!
You asked what time it is, friends, and I'm here to tell you what time it is.
It's five minutes till midnight!
Aye!
Yes, dear friends, the end times are upon us.
The proof is everywhere around.
Despite the conspiracy's best efforts to comfort and reassure you otherwise,
their sinister control in existence is fast coming to a close.
Best of all, they know it.
Like the pilot announcing over the intercom that the engine trouble is nothing to worry about.
The more they urge everyone to remain calm,
the more obvious their own panic becomes.
They all see the fulfillment of Bob's prophecies unfold.
A world on the edge of Armageddon.
The conspiracy's desperate last-ditch efforts to pull itself out of its nosedive.
And Bob's bold plan to re-establish freedom and slack in the conspiracy's aftermath.
Do I hear a praise ball?
Praise ball!
Praise ball!
Who would have ever imagined
that the countdown to July 15th

would have begun on September 11th?
See how the world's armies converge upon the Middle East
in a futile attempt to maintain the status quo!
Who amongst us seriously believes a conspiracy will ever allow itself
to completely win this war,
then turn around and restore the civil liberties they so jealously snatched away?
Ah...
There shall always be a war.
There shall always be at least one terrorist who gets away.
One that's big enough and bad enough to justify the continuation of the newly expanded police state.
If not make it even bigger.
But we, the sub-genies,
we do not, and we are not, intimidated by a conspiracy show of force.
We recognize only one,
only one supreme authority,
not the faceless, nameless, men in black.
No, sir!
No!
But a smiling face,
named J. R. Bob Dorff!
Yeah!
Woo!
Woo!
We, we, we will follow that face to the ends of the earth,
and well beyond after this planet is no more.
That time is coming soon, my friends.
It's five minutes till midnight!
Yeah!
Look, I'm not going to be a fool.


Look at humanity,
and America alone!
The so-called land of milk and honey.
700,000 people owe 30 billion dollars in high-interest credit card debt.
Ha ha ha ha!
They'll never pay it off.
But of course they're not supposed to pay it off now, are they?
No, sir!
The conspiracy wants them to remain in debt perpetually, running down that endless treadmill.
Bob says no!
It's time to get off!
It's time to get off like you've never gotten off before!
It's five minutes till midnight!
Woo!
Woo!
Bob!
In the last month alone,
American Post delivered
three billion pieces of mail.
Three people died from anthrax from those legends.
So now the peak public
is terrified that
they are next!
That's a one in one billion chance
that you could get infected
and be killed.
More people have died from spontaneous combustion,
just unexplainably exploding into flames.
Woo!
Yet millions,
millions still believe that they're in desperate danger.
This is called mass hysteria.
The first step to complete social breakdown.
The rats are ready to flee the ship,
whether it's sinking or not.
It's five minutes till midnight!
Woo!
Woo!
He who knows the future owns it.
He who knows there is no future
rents it to others.
Woo!
Woo!
Ah, Bob Dobbs said, and I quote,
The world ends July 5th, 1998.
Woo!
Now the conspiracy believes that 1998 is over
and that they are now safe.
They don't believe in time control.
They don't believe in excess UFOs.
And worst of all,
they don't believe in Bob!
Woo!
And for that unforgivable blasphemy,
they shall surely die!
It's five minutes till midnight!
Woo!
Woo!
For centuries, humans banged their heads against the walls
trying to find the answers
to life, happiness and peace on Earth.
But that answer sadly never came.
You wanna know why?
No!
Because the answer's not here, friends.
They're looking in the wrong place.
That answer isn't on Earth at all.
It's on planet X.
Woo!
And there's only one way to get there, friends.
And it sure as hell ain't by brown-nosing the boss.
Or by trying to stockpile the most numbers in your bank account.
No, sir!
The only way to find paradise and avoid hell on Earth
is to possess a ticket aboard an X's flying saucer.
That ticket cannot be bought, friends.
It can only be bought if
you must trade true love and affection for Bob
plus a $30 love offering
to the subgenius foundation.
Now, some people wonder,
can I really afford it?
The answer, of course, is
can you not afford it?
Because, in the most simple of terms,
it's five minutes till midnight!
Ladies and Germans,
we cannot promise you
that you will walk out of here with all the answers.
But we're hoping to at least provide you
with some of the answers
to some of the more vital, life-changing questions.
One of them is this.
Do you wish to live after July 5th, 1998?
Yes!
If the answer is no, however,
just keep serving the conspiracy.
Those X's saucers will arrive here
and rain death upon you and all your pink friends.
But if, however, the answer is yes,
well, in that case, I suggest,
and that's assuming, of course,
you prefer an eternity of slack
and want to enjoy a space journey
aboard the pleasure saucers with Bob,
enjoying sex-star beautiful babes,
an abundant supply of have-a-fropped zippy-lops,
and, of course, good quality rock and roll,
and I'm not talking that 70s shit,
then turn your life over to Bob!
It ain't hard, friends.
It's easy and it's fun.
You'll get eternal salvation and slack at no extra charge.
But best of all, best of all,
you'll feel a thrill instead of a chill
when someone asks you,
uh, what time is it?
And the answer is, it's 5 a.m. still midnight!
Narrated the work of our great Bob Abin!
Hallelujah!
Hallelujah!
Hallelujah!
Are you scared?
Boy, I know I am!
I'm so scared, I think I'm gonna pay my $30 again
just to make sure I get on that Exit spacecraft!
I paid my $30!
Hallelujah!
Hallelujah!
The subcommittee didn't believe a word we told them.
At least they didn't ridicule us.
No one believes us.
How will we ever interest enough private capital?
It's hopeless.
I believe you, Bob.
I'll buy you a start on your rocket ship.
At my age, I'll settle for the satisfaction
that I contributed toward salvaging something from our old world.
Hey, I'm older and richer than you are.
I'll arrange a lease on a large enough camp,
one of the government's old proving ground sites.
Why, between Marston and me,
you'll have enough to start construction.
Wonderful, Spiro. Wonderful!
I'll arrange the details for our next meeting.
Right.
Hello, Reverend Stang.
Thanks so much for coming on the show again.
We really appreciate it.
Always good to have you on.
Praise Ken and praise Kim.
Ah.
Both co-hosts with one syllable names starting with a K.
Yep.
In order to confuse subgeniuses.
Yeah.
That's our cunning plan.
But you've...
Not really.
It's pretty easy to confuse.
I was going to say,
it's not even working very well, so...
Yeah, true, true.
We're not doing too well on that one.
So, we've just...
You've just finished X Day,
and I assume,
unless we're talking to you on some kind of interstellar Skype,
the sources didn't turn up this time.
Right.
This is actually the 12th time
that we've waited on July 5th,
12 years in a row,
at the ungodly hour,
7 o'clock in the morning,
waiting for aliens to come and
save us from this planet,
and let us destroy everything we didn't like on this planet,
for only 30 bucks.
But, once again,
it turned out just to be another drill.
Yeah.
Is that...
Nonetheless, I'm sure we'll be out there next time.
Next time will be Lucky 13.
Ah.
And, you know, you cannot shake the faith of the subgenius.
.
It's unshakable,
possibly because it's not even really there.
Ah.
That's funny.
Yeah, there you go.
But you'd think someone that was so keen on Slack
would arrange a slightly later date to pick up the subgeniuses.
Well, that's the thing.
You know, we don't...
I think Bob's lesson from this whole X Day thing
is that we know not the hour in which they will come.
And that means you better be ready.
And we have to give you the opportunity any second now.
The world could end tomorrow.
Do you have that subgenius minister's card in your pocket
that will provide you with eternal salvation
or triple your money back?
Yeah.
That's the question everybody must ask themselves.
You know, the fact that we gather like idiots
and wait at seven in the morning every July 5th
on this rainy campground for saucers to pick us up,
and then the saucers not picking us up
only indicates that this is not yet the year
that Bob predicted the saucers would pick us up, 1998.
This must be before 1998
and the conspiracy of the normal people
has obviously been diddling the calendars
for hundreds of years just to embarrass Bob,
our guru, J.R. Bob Dobbs,
who predicted all this stuff.
And we still have faith in Bob, or FIB for short.
We steadfastly maintain the FIB.
The fib.
Faith in Bob, yes.
Have you considered that maybe aliens don't like early mornings?
Anybody has considered that.
I can guarantee you that the subgeniuses
really don't like to get up at 7.
Now, most of them have to get up at 7 in the morning
five days a week.
To go to work.
For me, that's the only morning
that I have to get up that early.
That's my sacrifice for the subgeniuses.
I get up there and let them throw rocks at me
when the aliens don't show up.
But I only have to do that one day a year.
So you might say I have a pretty good job.
You know, I want to see that one that was 60,000 B.C.
when there's really no humans that are really like humans yet.
Yeah.
They're almost human.
They're like ferrets.
People.
They're like cartons of milk.
This is the sickest, sickest thing I've ever heard on KFC.
Each person has a face.
Their face is a carton of milk.
George, I don't think I'll ever listen to this show again.
No, no, you probably won't.
You know, I used to listen to this show, George,
to get my news and I'd get my relevant information for the day.
I would get my marching orders.
I'd be able to go out and face and cope with the world.
And yet...
George, when I listen to this show now,
all I get is confusion, chaos, and tumult.
But it's all together now.
Your obsequious tone is unfulfilling.
Yeah.
It's a funky bit of fun.
Oh, no.
It's a funky bit of fun.
I say eschew obsequiousness.
Okay, those are the magic words.
Oh, yeah.
That's true.
They must pay the rent.
Oh, is that right?
Make a copy if you want.
It's the radio-cleared version of all the songs.
Oh, that's great.
Yeah.
So no bad words in there.
Oh, that's great.
With a 3D cover.
Delicious D.
Yeah.
The PG version.
Yeah.
Because they're a nice band, really.
They are a nice band.
Yeah.
Like Jimi Hendrix was a nice band.
Who is that?
Who is that?
Who is that?
That's Roger Waters.
That guy yelling?
Yeah.
Is that Roger Waters?
Yeah.
It's going back and forth between Roger Waters and Jimi Hendrix.
Get your...
Take care of the...
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Let's do this!
Oh my gosh.
It's way easier with the4500!

The 15 opened the box with relocating launch.


The one I lost there is the 90X taskbar.



I can probably play with you definitely, but.
Wow.
I'll throw you guys.
No worries.
That's fine.
So, uh, 8484425, that was a short home movie of Bob.
You could be sitting there listening to yourself talking on this crazy thing.
No, you're just sitting there, getting ready to push your own,
especially individually, version of the dump button.
Yeah, but not with Bo Derek.
Not with Bo Derek, no.
I guess she's dead.
The humans are dead.
Did I not make that clear?
So now, this X-Day is going to be in New York on July 5th.
Right.
And what will be taking place on that date?
Mostly a lot of stuff that I probably shouldn't talk about on the radio,
because we don't need the extra attention.
But there will be quite a few bands.
This year, it seems to be mostly what you would call Horror Billy.
Billy.
Man.
Okay.
We'll have the naked blood wrestling on a giant American flag.
That's kind of a tradition.
That's good.
We've had some injuries doing that, but we persevere.
We'll be doing live radio all the way to the bitter end, or whatever happens.
Remember, we go out to this campground every year waiting for the world to end,
and it's just under the expectation that maybe this year will be 1998.
This is like the Great Pumpkin.
You know.
Our guru, Bob, predicted that the world would end July 5th, 1998 at 7 in the morning,
and one of these years is bound to be the real 1998.
It will, and when that happens, you guys are going to get such awesome press out of it.
You know?
Mary Hart from Entertainment Tonight.
Everyone's going to want to interview you.
Gloria Compos.
Gloria Compos.
Olivia Newton-John.
I bet.
I can't.
You know, I'm jealous, Jack,
because I was looking at your website, and there were pictures of you with Charo, Sean Young,
the dueling bankheads.
Uh-huh.
I had no idea.
You've definitely explored the subterranean tunnels, haven't you?
Yes, I've been an aging TV gas bag for some time now.
Man.
For about 10 years.
I used to host a show with Sandra Bernhardt, and she is Jewish.
No.
Of the Jewish faith.
No way.
And I tried to convert her every day of my life.
I tried to convert that woman, telling her, you know, you killed the Jesus dude, and you're
going to go to hell.
And she is still just as catty as she ever was.
That's the way she is.
Do you know what I miss?
What were you trying to convert her to?
I didn't really know.
That was the problem.
Oh.
I didn't have anything specific.
I was just trying to get her to go to hell.
I was trying to convert her to become a lesbian.
I was just trying to convert her away from the Jew business.
What I really miss about Sandra is Really Bad Cinema.
What?
Really Bad Cinema.
You've never seen that show?
No.
She used to host a show called Really Bad Cinema, and she would make these running,
goofy commentaries about all these 50s and early 60s vintage exploitation films.
Oh, that's good.
And it was flawless.
It was absolutely ... I mean, you would go out and rent these ridiculously awful movies,
just because Sandra Bernhardt ...
Well, I will tell you this about Sandra Bernhardt.
She has the prettiest girlfriend in the world.
Beautiful.
Beautiful.
Beautiful.
The type of species with which we've been experimenting is not satisfactory.
Size, strength, the will to live, essential in what we're trying to accomplish are lacking
in these animals.
We have at hand the very elements that could make possible the things we're trying to do.
I don't understand.
It's been proved beyond doubt that glands can transform things.



It's not just physical matter into any size, shape, or appearance.
Yes, that's true.
We have here in this sanitarium a rare case of follicular cyst, which induces the secretion
of unusual amounts of the sex hormones.
Miss Coleman?
Yes.
If we've been able to create through the medium of glandular extraction such specimens as
we have, what's to prevent us transfusing these glandular extractions from a human being
in the future?
Well, the only way to do that is to make them into a higher type of animal.
The authorities.
They wouldn't permit it.
I see you're not truly a scientist at heart, Miss Strand.
Nor a subgenius.
And Miss Strand will pay for that flaw.
John Carradine will transplant her brain into the gorilla woman body of Captive Wild Woman,
1943, the movie once that clip was ripped.
One of the lesser.
Yes.
One of the lesser Universal Monster movies.
But because of that, now all the more bulldada looking.
And the female star who played the egg woman, Aquanetta.
Oh my god.
Enough said.
Anyway, we have also heard clips from When Worlds Collide, the old movie, and from the
Buzzing Evidence show, of which more is coming.
But first, back to the British podcast of Right Where You Are.
My name's salt ist my 우다

Worst.
Worst.
Worst.
Worst.
Worst.
Worst.
the 5th of July lands, we usually end up going home dejected and sad and sick on Sunday.
But it's well worth it, just because you get to meet the other subgeniuses.
You know, in any given neighborhood, there may be plenty of other subgeniuses scattered
around, but you don't know them.
You don't know who they are.
You can't tell them by how they look.
They could be any age, any type of person.
And the smart ones don't wear subgenius t-shirts all the time, because that can affect your
income.
So X-Day is the chance for all of us to get together, and essentially it's a migratory
mating ground.
And the mating really does happen.
In the old days, we were accused of it being what you might call a...
Sausage Fest.
An all-boys group of geeks.
And it was in the early years, but we started lying and saying there were a lot of horny
girls around.
And build it, and they will come.
Pretty soon, there were lots of horny nerd girls around to meet the nerd boys.
And now there's little nerd children.
You know, we've been doing this for so long, there's a second generation.
Yeah.
Children who were raised in the church of the subgenius, most of whom have not been
taken away from their parents yet.
And even the one that did get taken away from his parents is now back with his parents.
Yeah, is that Rachel...
Rachel Bevilacqua, or Reverend Magdalene, as we call her, and my former business partner,
Jesus.
They met at X-Day Drill in 1997.
They were married there in 1998.
And then the child custody case took them away from us for a long time.
How is that going?
But they did win the case, and they got the kid back.
They didn't exactly win it, but they have had the kid for a while now, and it's unlikely
that the biological father will be able to get the kid back, because he's even worse
than we are.
You were saying earlier on about the mating ground of the subgenius.
What would the mating call of the subgenius sound like?
It sounds...
Well, it sounds like this.
It's beautiful.
I find myself strangely aroused, and I'm not even a subgenius.
Well, it's not for amateurs.
You can hurt yourself making that noise.
And now, I did this inside of a house with the windows closed so that neighbors wouldn't
come flocking to me at night.
Just imagine them bouncing off the windows like birds now.
Yeah.



It's mostly bats right now bouncing off the windows.
They also respond.
Ah, yes.
But here on the show, this is the color of meditation.
Oh, well, is that a soothing purple?
Mm-hmm.
See, you can hear the sound of purple in the background.
Well, I'll be jiggered.
Into outer space.
At X Day, yeah.
At X Day.
Are you going to X Day this year?
I think so.
What about fuzzling?
Are you going to X Day this year?












I think so.
Yeah, that'd be great.
We'll ride out on the train.
Train to X Day?
There's a train that goes all the way to Erie.
Didn't you say you were going to?
And then you rent a car and drive 75 miles, and you're there.
Wow.
Then you have to have a car, don't you?
You have to rent a car in Erie.
Right by the train tracks.
You can rent a car.
By the train tracks, you can rent a car.
They'd be so happy to rent you a car because there's no business and everything's sad in
that part of the country.
But they don't know it's sad because they're going to be in the middle of the world.



They have a lowered, because of the toxic waste that's been in the area for so long,
they have a lowered sense of expectation there.
Well, you know, they...
What looks sad and austere to us is actually quite cheery and bright to them.
They lead very rich lives in Pobucker Junction, actually, which we can't even imagine.
They understand the concept of blissful ignorance.
That's true.
It's folly to be wise.
Best seen in the winter when it's gray.
And then you see the little eyes looking, staring at you.
Looking out from...
At the shiny car.
From the cars and from the...
They know it's a visitor.
From the windows and the homes.
Visitors have money.
And, of course, they're surrounded by Mennonites, Hutterites, and photosynthetic algae.
But in the country, there are the Amish, and an homage to them is in the works.
Omelets are available at the store in that little two-bit tank town.
I forget the name.
What is it?
Oh, Sherman, New York.
I own...
Yeah, that two-bit spit hole in the road.
That run-down, beat-up car paper...
Yeah, that bleeding piece of earth.
That smelly hole in the bucket of filth, we call...
That rhinestone in the rough...
Humanity.
Yeah, it's actually a lot of fun.
The...



















poof.
day we had a special guest uh hal robbins also known as dr hal who is a um entertainer and a
cartoonist from san francisco we bring him in every year to prove that there's at least one
subgenius left who is still intelligent and if you ever listen to my radio show the hour of slack or
his radio show uh the puzzling evidence show or the ask dr hal show you'll see what i mean yeah
he just released a load of uh subgenius stuff didn't he for old videos and things he kind of
knows everything he has a nightclub act called ask dr hal he also performs it at x day but he
does it on a weekly basis in san francisco where he lives and you can ask that guy anything
anything

and he will answer convincingly you should really have him on your show at some some point yeah i
think we might have to later it definitely sounds interesting so tell us being sorry i thought being
hard working and uh super knowledgeable were disqualifying uh features of the church of the
subgenius no no isn't he breaking isn't he breaking all uh when when we talk about slack
and uh being a subgenius that doesn't equate with laziness and stupidity it equates with
freedom
and happiness which means for some of us working hard at what we wanted to work at is slack and i
think that would be true of dr hal and myself also some subgeniuses get slack from sitting
around watching television all day and others get slack from doing things but only the things
they wanted to do the conspiracy sets it up so that you have to do things you never would have to do
imagine yourself doing just to keep a roof over your head well as uh subgeniuses we object to being
forced to do that now that's about all we can do is object because most of us still have to have jobs
but the church provides a certain amount of slack in between i've noticed a lot of subgeniuses who
have day jobs log on to the internet during the day and uh check out alt.com
slack which is our news group when they're being paid to be doing something else and that's the
greatest slack you know stolen slack the whole black market for
hi again this message is for reverend ivan's name this is monica over at flash news
sorry i missed your call earlier i'm interested in writing up a short story about uh subgeniuses
um again coming up in july if you could please give me a call back soon as possible i'd really
appreciate it thank you bye
hello this is me bernard embrace with a second message that you know you and me those of us who
are like so-called subgeniuses and i have our names on the list you know you know see that
it's the end times it's possible that some so-called subgeniuses are going to be left behind
if you didn't have a dream that an alien invasion is coming and that you're going to be taken away
from it you might be as a subgenius left behind here with the rest of the
pinks to deal with the conspiracy but i've had a dream that i'll be taken and that an alien
invasion is going to take place so if you are subgenius and you haven't had a dream
i think that it's the end time that an alien invasion is going to take place and that's going
to be taken out of here then you might be left behind as a subgenius along with with the pinks
all right well tell us what you get for your thirty dollars ordination fee
you get is the right to board the escape vessels of the sex goddesses from planet x and live
forever right or as long as you want to live doing anything you want yeah see that thirty
dollars but in more practical immediate terms you get a nice folder with a an all inclusive
frameable excuse doctorate that excuses all sins you get a doctorate of the forbidden sciences
and things that you've been
appointed an expert in
and uh... just a million little posters and g gauze all the goofy crap you get with any
fan club you know bumper stickers and secret decoder ring
uh...
uh...
you hit it right there
it's the starter kit
uh... after that we get you hooked on the radio shows and the books and the comics
do you get a collar to wear on your shirt
a collar to wear on your shirt like a priest thing
uh...
uh...
some do that we don't supply that ourselves we suggest you go to your local catholic supply
house
those are fun to to
catholic supply houses yeah
well they're like they're fun like biological teaching supply houses you know they're they
sell weird stuff that you don't see at walmart
ladies and gentlemen the coordinates uh to this is one oh four point fifty six the exact
longitude
of uh... of the roswell christ site and thirty three point twenty eight multiplied by
pi
results in that longitude somebody knew the ancients knew this
and nineteen point forty seven times three point three point eight equals sixty four
eighty
between july nineteen forty seven
listen to this now
between
july nineteen forty seven and march twenty twelve
there are exactly
sixty four point eighty
years
nineteen point forty seven times three point three point eight
is exactly sixty four eighty and that's the exact date
that takes you
from
july nineteen forty seven
to march twenty twelve
or sixty four
point eighty years
this is not a coincidence ladies and gentlemen this is significant that the united states
recovered the debris
that they've worked so hard to collect

and they gotta make sure we don't figured you know continue fight for life
he said
day
America itself was founded on the same date in 1776.
This year was chosen by the elite behind the formation of America for a special reason.
This reason being that 888 is the sum of the letters in Greek of the name of the Messiah.
Each Greek letter represents a number.
A second Messiah, 888, plus the first Messiah, 888, equals 1776, America's founding date.
1776 is a number representing a second Messiah or the king of the New World Order,
and it symbolizes the event of a God-man on earth.
According to the Illuminati elite, as the first Messiah came to space,
established the kingdom of heaven,
a second Illuminati Messiah will establish a New World Order upon the earth.
And that New World Order is this radio show,
the Hour of Slack, voice of the Church of the Subgenius.
Subgenius.com
But the word subgenius does not have an O in it.
By the way.
Friends, that clip just earlier was found by Mr. Fernand and Andy Lemur,
but that's all I know about it.
Therefore, it must be something sacred, something holy.
Yes.
Coming up, we also have such weird show mixes as puzzling evidence as a guest
on Reverend Susie the Flusie's Bob's Slacktime Funhouse Show on WREK Atlanta.
Atlanta.
Imagine that.
And more from our frequent caller, Bernard,
as well as a poem by Nenslow read by Dr. Howell of AskDrHowell.com.
But now, let us return to Reverend Ken and Kim from right where you are sitting now.
Can you tell us about some of the regular activities that happen the next day?
I mean, what can we...
Kind of like things that happen year by year, or is it just spontaneous?
Yeah, every year we have a baptism in the pool.
This campground is pretty developed.
It has a really nice indoor swimming pool.
And we usually, myself and some other preacher, Dr. Howell or Dr. Legume,
will get in the pool with all these mostly naked people
and dunk their heads under,
and we're going to baptize them.
And I'm going to say,

against the conspiracy,
and in the name of Bob,
I try to come up with a different little spiel for each one.
And we will go through 40 or 50 people in about half an hour.
It's a very...
It's an assembly line type of holy ritual.
And it's also unfilmable,
because as I say,
it's a lot of naked individuals.
You don't have to be,
but a lot of them choose to,
just because they can.
That sounds eminently filmable.
It was. For years we did do that.
And if you look at our website, subgenius.com, the photos of past X days up to about 2005, you'll see a lot of nudity.
After that, we discovered that the appearance of the nude photographs on the internet was cutting down on the number of ladies who would jump into the pool.
So since then we banned cameras from certain events.
Another thing we do besides the baptism and the 7 a.m. thing is we will have beer tasting parties, which can last quite a long time.
We had a gang war.
Last time, which none of the subgeniuses can form gangs.
Each individual is a separate gang.
So it ended up being just a bunch of kids using toy store weapons on each other until they got tired of it and decided to raid the beer tasting party.
So to some extent, it's a bunch of grownups doing childish stunts and looking for some hot action.
The VHF has been out of business since that time.
In a situation where they're likely to both get hurt and get laid.
And sometimes at the very same time.
Isn't there like a wicker man style burning of Bob as well?
We have an effigy of Bob that is usually hanging by the neck from one of the rafters where we do most of the preaching and where the bands play.
There's a lot of rock bands at X day.
There's a bonfire event.
at midnight on Saturday where we burn a wooden symbol of Bob.
It's kind of a logo icon thing we developed
because it's easier to make than a face of Bob.
It's kind of a stripped-down picto.
And we burn that and drum and dance around like the pagans do.
The pagans are a lot better at the drumming and dancing, I'll grant them that.
Probably less drunk, I would have thought.
And we have to depend on the pagans to start the fire for us.
We still haven't mastered the secret of fire.
You know, Mrs. Reverend Angry Larry finally picked herself a church name,
Reverend Lucy Van Pelt.
She was so nice this past year at Ex Day.
She took that naked girl out of my hands.
I could not get rid of that naked girl.
A lot of us have that problem in life.
You know, that girl wrote to me and asked me to take
the...
The pictures of her being a drunken naked girl down off the internet.
And I didn't do anything at all.
Woohoo!
I mean, she'd have to send another picture to show which one she is.
Well, you know, the thing is,
there was already somebody up on stage with a rehearsed,
a naked person on stage singing.
A professional naked person.
A professional singing naked person, Fat Mandy,
doing her act.
And then this amateur naked person comes up and starts,
you know, slurring and drooling and stumbling around and
flirting with the cameras.
I mean, she would, she would, was playing to the cameras and for her,
for her to then say, would you please not put my picture anywhere since I've
made you, since I got into all of your pictures against your will.
Right.
She walked in front of them.
It's like, no, we're going to fine you by letting your boss find those on you.
And you're not.
What it really comes down to though, is that Lucy, Reverend Lucy Van Pelt,
I could not get rid of naked chick.
And I went to her and I said, does this belong to you?
Because a lot of times things that get on the stage that don't belong there
do somehow indirectly belong to them.
And I said, does this belong to you?
And she said, who is it?
And I turned it around because it was, it was on kind of on my shoulder-ish.
And naked girl's on my shoulder.
She's looking, you know, at, at the butt.
And then she says, turn it around.
We turned around.
Okay.
She goes, nope, that doesn't belong to me.
I said, will you take it anyway?
And she said, sure.
That's what they all say.
Sure.
I'm just saying.
Will you take it anyway?
I mean, how many times have you heard that?
Well, it's not, it wasn't my naked girl.
It's everybody's naked girl.
It wasn't my naked girl.
Honest.
I don't know how she got in the car.
I hear that all the time.
Well, then we'll have to take her into custody, son.
Son.
It's our naked girl now.
And that would have been funny.
It's just not my naked girl.
You know, I think my naked girl's a special.
Special.
Not special.
Not my naked girl sounds like a TV show.
Special.
Michael J. Fox makes his dramatic comeback in Not My Naked Girl.
There's some really, really tasteless jokes somewhere in there, and I'm not going to go there.
However, I did make the suggestion to the rest.
I hope you did.
Hey, watch those horns.
Yep.
Okay, we're reloading now.
Lock and load, kids.
Fire in the hole.
And they sure do, with the eagerness of the new year.
Just a couple of hours into July 1st.
Well, like I say, where I'm from, July, July.
I mean, January 1st hasn't even happened yet.
But I can cut that out.
How July hasn't happened?
How do you know it didn't happen?
How do you know it will happen?
Just because somebody told you.
Just because you think you looked at a calendar last night?
Dang.
In the newspaper.
Oh, yeah, I believe everything in the paper.
Sure, you made a lot of plans.
How do you know it's going to happen?
How do you know it even came true?
How do you know even X day is going to happen?
Well, that's one thing you can depend on.
And Y day.
And Z day.
They'll all happen.
And you'll be there.
And you'll wonder, why didn't I send that money in?
Oh, there we go.
Took care of that guy.
Now we're just cruising down Central Avenue.
Taking care of the storefront.
And we're going to go out to Little 500 Point.
And relax.
Because it's New Year.
Another day, another chance.
Another drink.
Another bout of self-delusion.
Don't you just love it?
Girl up in it like a hot dog in the fire.
Just let them pour that mustard all over you.
I don't understand it.
Down here at the station, they're drinking the hair oil.
And it's really hit the bottom now.
It keeps our coats glossy.
Yeah, it does.
How do you crawl out of that skin anyway?
It's got like a big tube top.
Oh, yeah.
See, Susie the floozy skins are over there on the other side of the station.
I saved the skins I shed.
That's right.
It's disgusting.
I can't even look over there.
But they have a light on it here.
So you have to watch.
Wow.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No one.
Everybody thought the cheetah was the name of the woman.
No.
What is the monkey named Jane?
Thousand people try to answer that one.
Look at them.
Hey, happy New Year.
You too.
We're up in the balcony here waving to the crowds outside WREK Atlanta.
This is being simulcast to KPFA Berkeley, KPFA and KFCF in the wonderful Valley Mountain.
And snow capped hills of Fresno.
And KRAP in the Tri-City area.
And KON in Dallas.
The cities where they try anything.
WFMU in New Jersey.
Praise WFMU.
I believe the first station to play some of these foreign tones.
In the contiguous U.S.
Yeah.
Yeah, we must contiguous with what we're doing here.
It's a show.
Slugging.
Trash.

















I could call and I could hold the handset up to the microphone.
You could be on the air.
I don't even know what the number is down here.
8-9-4-2-4-6-8.
The problem is they're so slack-full they're just lying on the couch.
And they can't get up.
And they can't get over to the floor.
Because here in California you can.
But they love everybody.
Oh, it feels so good.
And you can't call the WREK number.
You can just call 845.
The year you mean?
Yep.
And you can't call the number.






It never stops.
Well, last year it stopped a little while ago.
Oh, that's what they'll have you think.
It's stopping right now in Missouri.
And it will stop in just a few moments in Texas.
And like I said, it's so sad.
In California, they have hours to go before it stops.
So where is the New Year starting exactly?
I don't get it.
Greenwich Mean time?
How does time work?
Greenwich Mean is a snake town.
Starting up the building and we're driving down the street again.
That worked.
That worked.














We're driving a little north west from the Здесь we'll go and we're going
to get armed and it's a wonderful place because at least they don't devestate on the

And it's a nice place to drive all the way to the Homestead and ask for a big 함께

And mouth-to-mouth, which is what I did with contacted sonos.
I had a nice, nice, pink Sinadiidoύhe Miss Spanish over there.
where a big and simple-culo Verde fellow guys brings his tod gevus with them.
So you're welcoming a question not to run I think.
in the skies. And I just want to say, I think that it's the end time. You know, that as
a subgenius, you know, we know that the Church of the Subgenius is a UFO church, a UFO cult,
or church, whatever you want to call it, or UFO religion. And that if you haven't had
a dream or two dreams that an alien invasion is going to take place by now, and that you're
going to be taken away from it, that you, as a subgenius, may be left behind with the
pink to deal with the conspiracy.
Now, here's a poem by young Reverend Nenslow, age seven, from Portland, Oregon. You might
want to read it, or it's kind of long. You might want to read some of it.
Good God, it's a Nenslow poem of endless verses.
Well, it's an X-Day poem, though.
I'm filled with anticipation as I wait to go away. I'm going home to Planet X.
For it's X-Day today. My life is put on hold as I throw away my past. I can't go on with
my life. I give in to my fears at last. I never tried to chase a rainbow or tried to
live a dream. I made very few mistakes. My heart was right, it seemed. Never wanted to
be somebody. Just a soul, just passing by. I had no grandiose dreams. I had no dreams.
Those visions were not aiming for the sky. But Bob had other plans for me. He yanked
my feet up off the ground. He said, if you want to serve me, then take a look around.
You see, there are many people in this stupid world, you know. And it's up to you to tell
them exactly where to go. So you made a few mistakes, as oh so many do. But if you can
send me thirty bucks.
I can still use you. Exalt yourself and tell them of the mistakes that they have made.
Then tell them of my smiling face and the price that you have paid. I will sell you
purpose, provision, and a name. Your life will be confusing. It will never be the same.
I have never been right here with you, even when life was hard. I knew you couldn't make
it. I knew it from the start.
So keep on calling my name whenever you need a hand. And your dollars you must send to
me as countless as the sand. I always will forsake you. I will always leave you cold.
Especially when you make mistakes and are growing very old. Now take my words and tell
your friends of the message that I gave. And be my witness to the world. And dig your f***ing
grave.
Reverend Nenslow, age six.
Yes, that young man shows great promise in the poetic department.
And you know his poos make better Dobbs heads than the ones that little Vredes paints with
his paintbrush.
I know, it really drives him insane too.
When we were born into this life, we were destined to make it right. And it's been
predetermined. And this is our fate. We're singing this song so you can read late.
We are going to save the universe. We are going to save the universe. We are going
to save the universe.
This time.
We'll take the train. We made it. We made it. We made it. We made it. We made it. We made it.
The third time we're acting like men.
It is no future in england streaming.
No future, no future. No future for you.
No future, no future. Прорваны Цельсия.
No future, no future. No future, no future for you.


There's gotta be a way of killing it. How? How do we do it?
You can't.
You still don't understand what you're dealing with, do you?
The subgenius power of...
Its structural perfection is matched only by its hostility.
You admire it.
I admire its purity.
By conscience, remorse, or delusions of morality.
I can't lie to you about your chances.
But you have my sympathies.
