I wanted to be an artist. A thing like that can be dangerous. Now I've got a lot of friends.
Hmm. Oh, what'll I do? Art. Here we go again. I wanted to be an artist.
Up there it went. And here, oh, wait a minute. I think it's time for a commercial.
Bob Dobbs, he's no slob.
Bob Dobbs, he's no fool.
He is the head of the subgenius church.
That's why he's super cool.
Like glass. He's Bob Dobbs.
He's no slob.
Bob Dobbs, he's no fool.
He is the head of the subgenius church.
And he is super cool.
We hope to welcome you all tonight to the fervid celestial spoutings
of the Inner Circle.
And to the other epops and clockwork workings of the church.
But this task will not be easy.
The fruits of the subgenius plant are not as cordial to the taste as others may be.
Kind of mucilaginous paste.
But it's easy to become tangentially twisted along precarious paths that have nothing to do with the straight and true direction of our search.
We are born with the Dobbs nature.
However, only exist technology can complete a subgenius's transfiguration into over manhood or over womanliness.
And so far Bob has allowed this to happen to one solitary guinea pig.
His friend, Dr. Philo Drummond.
Where dammit?
Man was born with original slack.
Yet most civilized people don't believe in it.
And their most learned scholars can't even comprehend it.
Well, I've studied the Saurian stage in human evolution.
As it turns out, many of our ancestors are not the primates as commonly thought.
But the theropod line of the great archosaurs of the Mesozoic.
Oh no, look out!
Get him out of here!
Creepy.
Creepy.
Yeah.
You signed up with that subgenius church.
Thought, oh yeah, that's real funny.
It'd be like that heavy metal band I was into.
Making fun of the devil and God.
Let's go down to the graveyard, kids.
And do blastings.
Do some of those things.
That's how half of it got into it, isn't it?
And then you thought, oh those pagans.
They take their clothes off.
It's more fun.
Big party.
Yeah.
No responsibility.
God's not looking.
And guess what?
That's right!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Actually, God was looking the whole time.
Going, right on!
Go at it!
I cut those strings thousands, millions and millions of years ago.
You've got free will.
That's the way it's been done for billions and billions of years.
There is no instruction book.
Well, except for the book of the subgenius.
Actually, it does have a lot of helpful hints.
It suits you out of God.
And the Bible is really good.
There's not too many lies in it except the author.
The author's name.
And, oh, by the way, it's God that gives you money.
Or that new automobile that you need if you call in the next 15 minutes.
I only have the golden medallion.
It will remind you of the scripture.
Thou shall remember.
It's God that gives you wealth.
Or he gives you money to get wealth.
And now, make that call.
Hallelujah!
Prayer.
Make that call.
Hallelujah!
You can get cash in your bank account fast.
You can get cash in your bank account fast.
Get cash in your bank account fast.
Get cash in your bank account fast.
Get cash in your bank account fast.
Get cash in your bank account fast.
Get cash in your bank account fast.
Get cash in your bank account fast.
Get cash in your bank account fast.
Get cash in your bank account fast.
Across speeches and books
Tell them what you want to change,
We will gain the inevitable triumph, so help us God.
But what about those empty beer cans?
Those who wield them are ruthless and daring.
And I should like to see this nation turn out at least 50,000 a year.
Listen, this country can turn out 4 million.
We have to, we can turn out 14 million.
But now we had only half enough of them.
For beyond the horizon lay the British Navy to police these vast and now empty beer cans
filled with menace for French dummies and a supply of fine beer.
And what had we done with it?
First, to those empty unguarded beer cans.
We would rather see London tamely and abjectly enslaved.
Then the unbelievable again.
And down she goes.
On and off the road to Bob
We are marching forward blind
He has gouged out both our eyes
And he's gone blind

He's laughing close behind
He will sell us back our eyes
When we join his noble clan
For just 1995
And a taste of our woodland
On and off the road with Bob
He has handed us the wheel
And he cuddles up with Bob
As he comes to sell the field
Our eyes are on the road
But Bob forgot to say
That the steering wheel went fast
The road carries us away
On and off the road for Bob
We forgot why we came away
Here we have quit all of our jobs
Like a headlight frightened deer
He has lit the sacred pipe
And he's smiling at us now
On and off the road he's gone
He's our bull dada
We all need him now
That hurt Bob
Bob where are you?
Stop it Bob
Please
Bob
But let's leave things of this world behind
And walk now down the path of Bob
For this brief minute of slack
From the church of the subgenius
Friend the devil is tearing the family apart
But what the devil uses to do it with
Is nine to five jobs
Conspiracy, corporate, pink situations
Where mommy and daddy get up in the morning
And go to work
And they kiss the kids goodbye
It's the first time they see them during the day
Kiss them goodbye
Kind of a simultaneous goodbye and hello
Then they get home about seven o'clock
Ticked off to use a polite term
After a long drive back out to the suburbs
They get home and kiss their kids hello
And goodnight and they go to bed
And the other churches dare to say
The breakdown of the family is cause the kids
See a little tittering stupid sexy gags on television
Or cause the new permissiveness
Where men are allowed to do things with other men
That's a bunch of holy hooey I say my friend
I say why not legalize pornography
And ban work
Work is what takes the parents away from the kids
Most of these kids these days grow up
They don't have parents
They got some kind of robot scarecrows
And a friend let there be slack
C-W-W-W dot subgenius dot com
This male is angry, distraught and terrified
It is a terrible tragedy
While attempting to mate with a female
He's inadvertently pushed her into a drainage ditch
But that's okay
I think I can deal with it
Now it's up to these rescue workers
To mate with a female
With a remarkable combination of finesse and brute force
These workers use a crane to force the female
She shows she's alright by fighting off the crane mechanism
Nope, but it's wonderful
This lecture was presented on June 1st, 1962
They can take our instruments and set them on fire
But you can't hurt them if they want
Why is it paper?
I do like Bob
I like his look
I like his look
I read his words
I got the pamphlet
I'm waiting for the book
I do like Bob
I like Bob



I do like Bob
I like his shirt
I like his shirt
I like his shirt
When I'm wearing it
When I'm wearing it
I've never been hurt
Bob feels so strongly for the pinks that rather than wear a hair shirt, Bob is much spiffier than that.
He wears polyester shorts so he can try them on.
There is a p權ty in him.
This armpit is my till
It has scary hair, but that insults me
That brother of mine is so peaceful
That Gadit flies right to my face

Do you even lie to me?
battled on hard
Scratch but kendi amigos
Feed with this
Water
Drink this
I do like Bob. I like his shoes. I like his shoes. And when I'm wearing them, you know I never walk the blue.
Speaking as the Pope of New York, whose power at its most minimal equals the Pope of the Holy City of the Vatican,
it's proven by the fact that I am not, in fact, infallible. I have the power to fail and fail often.
Let me point out to you that the Roman Catholic Church specializes in suicide.
And not only suicide.
But suicide with guilt.
We suggest you up yourself to the living death in life.
That is the infinity fulsomeness of accepting Bob.
I do like Bob.
But I never want his job.
Yes, dear friends.
Yes.
I too.
Do like Bob.
And I like Bob.
Bob is the foundation magma beneath this crust we call reality.
Bob.
Bob.
You could say it that way.
You almost feel like you're throwing up.
And one thing that can make almost anyone throw up would be lonesome cowboy Dave.
Doesn't make me throw up.
Isn't that interesting?
I didn't throw up.
I can only say that between the spouts of vomiting and arguments with large pieces of leather,
I can only say that a rectal examination...
...is the necessary task of each and every citizen due to the extreme voracity and veracity
of reports of alien implants.
Funny, you should mention that.
That's what you were just talking about!
Alien IMPLANTS!
I'm getting one of those, uh, representations of autumn right now.
On the air.
But at least the roof isn't being torn off by the terrible weather that everyone told us was coming.
Uh-huh.
Well, we got some blastings that were quite large off the lake
and it just made everything shake, including my own, the inner part that we so longed for.
Oh, Wotan tossed out a big old thunderbolt.
Yes.
Almost hit Princess Wee.
She was driving back here from Rabbiton.
Yes, the interplanetary driving was quite scary.
I thought about getting sound effects of tornadoes and stuff and doing an episode.
Where we're like, oh no, the roof is being torn off the top of the station.
We're trying to hold the equipment down.
Oh, Princess Wee has been sucked up into the tornado.
Oh, she's been saved by a UFO.
So it's not a big jump after all.
But we don't have to wait for bad weather to do that.
Besides, you simply put the whole plot in one shallow, shallow statement
and all the world was free to pick on it as they would, like a hemp seed or something.
That's exactly what it'd be like.
Hey, the songs that we played.
Earlier were by Glass Madness.
Well, except for the acapella song on and off the road with Bob.
That was Reverend Bleepo Abernathy.
Glass Madness did the guitar songs.
And the rant was from Starwood 99 in the Puffer Dome.
And you could hear Dave on the guitar in the background.
Yeah.
I have a version of Iodine 131 from that show queued up.
I'm not kidding.
I can play it right this second.
But I just wanted you to know, Dave, that I do have that queued up.
I don't know if it's any good.
Glory be to Bob.
I certainly hope I hear no wrong notes because that's what people like.
And it's just like in humor.
They like rawness.
They like spontaneity.
And if you can't play, they want to hear it because they want to know what they paid their money for.
Then they can laugh or cry or jeer or throw tomatoes at you.
Or go and bother staying in a car in a way in the back room by the dressing room, which is unusual.
Routine is payment under the table, literally.
I've gotten so used to dealing with that.
I hardly even notice them down there.
I don't notice them.
Oh, I forgot to mention, though, the collages that were all through the weaving through the first 15 minutes.
That was all by Lee Murr.
They were kind of oldies.
But I grabbed a bunch of stuff off my heart just before coming to the show.
I'm going to go to the station.
And they are juicy.
Do you have a new hard drive named Mahard?
No.
No, I'm still using Tear A Butt and Lunkhead.
And Mule Skinner died a long time ago.
That's so sad.
My hard drives all have cute names.
Well, Mule Skinner goes back to the days of Dallas, doesn't it?
Yeah, yeah.
Well, I named all my hard drives Mule Skinner something for a long time.
And then they started to have heads.
Like head names like Lunkhead and Doomkopf.
And well, see, I just now anybody who wants to hack all of my stuff, get all my passwords right off it.
Because then they know the name of the drive.
But they can't spell it right.
See, it's spelled subgenius wise.
Ah.
Yeah.
Which is really painful to view sometimes.
When you're in a jolly mood, maybe after, you know, your 15th beer or something like that.
And you see people speaking in subgenius.
Or hear them.
Texting is weird.
But hearing them, actually hearing them with your naked ears.
Revolting, disgusting situation.
I just can't keep it down when I'm there.
Well, you'll hear sentences uttered for completely pragmatic, practical reasons that anywhere else would sound like deliberate surrealism.
But the spiritual profanities, though.
Well, like things like, be careful you don't knock over the robots.
With that Tyrannosaurus skull.
That's been said to me in all earnestness.
There really were robots and there really was a full-sized Tyrannosaurus skull replica.
It was in Mavridi's house.
Dr. Howell's place.
Oh, I'm not doubting the reality.
So you never know.
Legume quoted me one.
It was like, in the course of his job, he had this, I can't even repeat it on the radio.
It was so big.
It was bizarre.
It was such a strange thing to say in a completely practical way to get a job done.
It involved a circle of, now that you've got the lizard penises in a circle, I think you're ready to go.
Well, then there was the part where the teeth were.
Something like that.
That was real close to it.
It just didn't say, it had a cruder term than penises, a shorter term.
Shorter indeed.
I don't think he works in his room.
He works in the zoo, so it's not like a herpetology related.
I think it was more to do with 3D graphics.
No, he was talking about a chafing dish because he was working at the buffet back then.
Oh, and they had, that's right, and they had the lizard penis circle, whatever, back behind.
Yeah, in the parking lot.
All the cooks and the chefs and dishwashers would go back there and get them some lizard skin, if you know what I'm talking about.
The real food, yeah.
I think you know what I mean.
I think all the listeners know exactly what I mean.
The psychobablic materials needed to progress.
Oh.
No, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no.
No, no, yes, no, yes, no.
Sometimes in the church of the subunits, they have the people who argue with each other.
They form up a team.
Oh, no, they don't argue.
No, no, really, argue?
Oh, they have the little fight sometimes to be mad for each other.
Ah.
Then when they often do that, someone argue and say he's going to kill the other person with a foot or a shoe.
And this can't happen, they say, you can go back to hell.
So I find him funny.
It happens every X day many times, and nine months later, the weaker one has a little baby subgenius.
Well, the supplicants of the weak is very important in the church.
Yeah, it's super important, and it's the most fun thing of all.
Let's go.
Enjoy the parade.
It's an Italian parade.
Oh, look at those bozo shoes are wonderful.
Look at the handsome young pony she's riding on.
It won't be long before they both come together in a rapturous embrace.
Look, and there's the judge at the carnival.
He's about to give them a shoe.
And one of those.
Lovely canes for a hat trick.
And look, the senator joined them.
He's running around the circle, too.
Look how many senators are coming out of that tiny little car.
How can they do that?
Oh, they're Texas Republican senators.
They believe in government so small it'll fit inside a vagina.
And control it from inside out.
I tried to stuff them back in the car again.
And no, no, they're not going in the car because they know they're on their way to a fuma camp.
Where?
In the car.
And they're going to be clothed and dined and wined and assigned different tasks to do for Mother Nature.
They think they're going to the subgenius X day.
But no, we're working with the CIA and Homeland Security now and NSA and the mafia and the Russians and Israel and the British Secret Service to put everyone in a FEMA concentration camp.
Everyone.
That includes us.
And we'll all have free everything.
That even includes the president, doesn't it, Mr. Ivan Stang?
Reverend, sir.
That's President Stang to you now, boy.
Emperor, President, let's make it.
Oh, heck.
Why not Godman Stang?
How's that?
That sounds good.
Godman Stang.
Doesn't it stang?
Goddang Stang.
I've heard that one enough.
You won't be hearing it anymore.
No.
Now that I'm in power.
Because I have a list.
I'm going down my list.
And I'll be having the boys bring in all my enemies.
Everyone who ever back-talked me.
Everybody who ever sassed me.
I've got a long, long list.
I'll be a real good god emperor.
I was wondering which way was the FEMA camp because I got a wound in my foot.
And I was hoping I could mix it up.
I'm not going to mess it up.
I'm going to do something with my metacarpal area.
I've got a plaster for that.
I've got an ointment.
I've got a couple bags of velvina.
I've got a boxcar full of canned peaches.
I'll trade you for that subgenius pamphlet there, preacher.
Because I know what really counts here in the Econocataclysm.
I've got a functioning blitzkrieg armada of little tiny SS German soldiers.
From World War II, no taller than four inches high.
For one dollar!
All for one lousy buck.
Those little tiny Nazis were never as cool as I looked in the ad.
Oh, well.
They are actually, I guess, some sort of aquatic material that no longer exists.
Like a sea monkey or something, only it was extinct after a brief period of time.
If you notice here on the screen, the steng's head is actually expanding in time with the music.
It's kind of scary to look at.
Yes, but you must remember, its hair is not really on fire.
Yeah, I like to let it swell up every now and then and then kind of pop and it feels so good.
I mean, it hurts when it's swelling up, but then when it pops, oh, it's the best thing this side of heaven, my friends.
Just let that head swell up.
In hell.
It's not pretty to watch, though.
We asked for this post-apocalyptic hell when we laughed at those eggheads saying that the oceans was dying of acid and LSD in the waters.
And acid rain and such, making all the fish trip until they ate their own fins off and died because they couldn't swim no more.
I'm not Fukushima.
Until we saw God's era.
This was a man-made disaster, friends.
And that's why all the shopping malls turned into living quarters for the vagabonds and the homeless.
You asked for it, friends.
You voted for it.
Yes.
When you went to vote, no matter what you voted for.
That's what you ended up voting for anyway, is the way it turned out.
So I guess we're all sinners.
I guess we all deserve it.
I guess we'll all wait forever for the men from Planet X.
To come and save us, like Bob said.
He said they was going to.
Bob wouldn't lie.
Or be wrong.
What do you mean?
I don't know.
He's been known to tell us about you.
His pants are kind of a different color than the rest of his clothing.
He has a sense of design.
He makes us feel...
He's a man of the future.
A man with sutures.
A man with sutures.
It's a wave of the future.
It's a wave of the future.
It's a wave of the future.
An apocalyptic wave goodbye.
It's a wave of the future.
You know, Bob's waves, his internal mass waves and his cataphonous drive waves,
and also his Leviathan 6 waves.
His thought waves.
Indeed, his very thought waves from his hypothalamus and his hypothalamus.
He can surf on any of those waves.
He surfs light waves, my friend.
Barefoot.
Barefoot.
If you could believe that.
We're using a popsicle stick for a surfboard.
Sometimes the little duck shoes work pretty good too,
but he has a hard time manipulating the big tube.
Bob Dobbs is so skillful at surfing,
he can surf the solar waves of electromagnetism in a 55 Chevy.
A Chevy.
And a 55 gallon drum.
Using a Chevy for a surfboard.
He stands on top of it and surfs from the sun until he wipes out right near the moon
and tumbles ashore on Lake Erie at a beach right just south of the flats.
Wow.
And the dice around his neck are perfectly intact.
Yes.
Just as if he'd always been there without a sign of drudgery.
Or you can explode Bob and he'll walk out of that smoke cloud.
Yeah.
With a little bandaid on the edge of his head, on his forehead.
You could eat him like a can of peach here if you've got the money to do it.
The guy is invincible in many kinds of ways that you haven't even thought of yet.
You can go up to Bob and go, Bob, Bob, I'll give you a million dollars for one,
just one tamp of what's in, just the ashes from your pipe.
And he goes, a million dollars?
What?
Hey, hey, what's that wadded up thing in your pocket?
Sticking out of your pocket?
Why is my snot covered?
Snot rag.
Bob, I'll take that.
What, don't you want a million dollars?
No, sir.
And Bob will take that snot rag and then completely forget about that old handkerchief
until the day he travels to his enemy's country.
And there the germs from that handkerchief happen to be just the ones that destroy that
ethnic group or people of a certain last name, actually, that Bob is out to get.
Oh, gee.
I didn't know he was such a vindictive guy.
You never told me about that part.
The knobs.
The Dobbs hated the Nobbs family because the Nobbs always thought they was, you know,
the Nobbs.
They thought they was keenly aristocratic.
Easily twisted and opened lots of doors for people.
Yeah, they were like knobs on a pig.
The Dobbs, the Dobbs family was just plain folks.
They was, they was working, working people.
And they was against his Nobbs and all of the Nobbs that the Nobbs has owned.
And they took their cudgels, the Nobbs did.
And they.
Set upon the Nobbs family.
And that's why you don't see that many Nobbs.
You look in the phone book under Nobbs and I look under Dobbs.
You'll see that the Dobbs family, the clan lived on to sire and mom, many, many little
Dobbsians.
And they're all the cousins and brothers of J.R.
Bob Dobbs.
They have names like Alfred E.
Newman, Chauncey Gardner, Bugs N.
Bunny.
They don't all have the last name Dobbs, but they all have the Dobbs DNA, my friend.
My favorite deaf, E.
Duck is also in constant history there.
He's got his own little plaque.
He's got a summer cottage and he tends to talk was regularly.
This year's seminar is on squaw or something like that.
And he has famous DNA.
It's reached level C.
I understand.
He's going to be traced.
I guess.
I guess they take it out of your saliva.
They go in your mouth with a swab and they pull out and they can tell if you're the male
descendant of a male passer of a clan gene or the female or any, whatever you are, or
the clan gene is male or female by messing around with your mouth like that.
All I know is them knobs better best watch their butts when they come into Dobbs County.
That's right.
Pappy knobs.
You hear me?
This is Reverend Stang.
Talking to you.
I'm a man of Bob.
I follow the dogs.
I ride with Sheriff Dobbs and the outlaw Dobbs both.
And we're coming.
You knobs.
We're coming to take your sheep and your cattle and your we're going to frack your oil.
Mr.
Mrs.
Nobs.
They're hiding in your underwear as we speak right now.
I doubt if you'll ever find them unless you get in that boiling tub of hot lard.
Right there.
Yeah, that's it.
That boiling tub of hot steaming hot hot steaming steaming hot steaming tub of lard.
When was the last time you had a great big steaming hot hot steaming hot bowl of lard
brand chili?
Well, it's too long.
Way too long.
Well, it's going to short.
It's about yay long because we grow long.
We grow them long in Texas.
You can.
You can.
You can.
Not only.
You can.



You can judge the temperature of the water, but its depth.
That's how long they grow in Texas.
A friend.
You can also adjust its economic value.
And it's kind of psychic depth or it's a cerebral depth.
Does it have anything really to say to you?
Is it just a bad argument with somebody who's up real close and just ate a whole bag of
onions, you know?
But you see, my friend, although they grow them large and long in Texas.
In Ohio, they grow them mutated and pulsating.
Throbbing and writhing abominably in their pool of gel.
Let the Texans come try to wage war upon the Ohioan mutants now.
Your six guns are as pea shooters compared to our death rays of hate.
Right.
They will bleed to death.
Each and every one of them.
They'll bleed all over us.
That's how they do their dirty work.
They bleed to death on you.
And then the next time you're transformed or have to visit someone with a nose, you
lose track of it.
And they're back again.
They can't be fought for.
They can only be accommodated.
Right?
Yeah.
Drowning on another person's blood is a rarely.
Bad way to go.
May I bring you another cup of blood, sir?
I say that if there's going to be a blood bag deficit, the United States is not going
to be the country to lose the blood bag war or something like that.
Aging.
We need more blood bags.
Taxes.
Blood bags.
And the weather.
These are things you're never, ever going to escape in your life.
And also infected earwax from listening to this podcast.
Because it also is a mutated virus.
Just like all these other crossover viruses that are happening now that are infecting
not only engines of destruction, but people's heads.
But there's no infection.
In the small age.
No infection at all in lard brand chili.
And here at Penobscot, we always serve our people lard brand chili.
Where?
Penobscot.
Penobscot?
Here at Penobscot.
Yes.
Penobscot.
Penobscot.
You ain't one of them Nobzians, are you?
Oh, no.
I'm not a Nobzian.
I'm in a dilemma here.
I thought another dimension was Penobsquat.
And here I am eating lard brand chili into Penobscot, Maine.
I was all set to go to Nobstock because they had some great bands.
And I even went to the gates, but I saw all these Quaits and Monskos wandering in.
And Pobuckers of every name and clan.
A bunch of Nobs.
All of Nobs related.
You know, it might as well have been a Quait reunion.
Or a Nobsquait-Monsko reunion.
A terrible situation for many of the children.
The Quaits are the fat, lazy ones.
And the Monskos are the mean, skinny ones.
They're always going, no, let's go.
That was an erudite way of putting that.
Well, if you've lived in the South and the Midwest long enough, you get to recognize these different types.
It's kind of a painful, another painful version of like get her done or something.
Regional, something that makes you want to, once again.
It's kind of like a fizz.
A fuzz.
A fizz fuzz.
A fuzzy was.
A rattler, a rump splitter, and a frosted ferdaner.
It's categories like that that we must continue to study and further inspect and delineate.
And classify.
Yes, classify.
Endless subclassifications.
Endless subclassifications.


Always examineate once again.
Always examineate, yes.
Even if you have to lift the sack and look under it.
Even if you have to put on those rubber gloves and express that gland.
You're going to have to.
You've got to look.
You've got to.
If we've got to grab a piece of chalk and storm the blackboard and maybe punch down a couple of blackboard guards and stuff.
We're going to go up there and we're going to write down the new theorem.
And if you don't.
If you don't.
The infection will just spread.
If you don't listen to us and buy what we've got to sell.
There's no chance.
There's no way out.
Wait a minute.
What are we selling?
The page is upside down.
What are we selling?
We're selling a way out.
We're selling a way out.
I had the page upside down.
Daddy-o?
No, I mean we're selling a way off of the planet.
A way out.
I didn't look at the other part.
I had the page upside down.
We are selling for a marginal cost.
Or a minimal cost.
Not a marginal cost.
Presumably you can make up your mind some other way you didn't want to unless, of course, you forgot about it.
That's not the important part right now.
The important part is to remember that the Church of the Subtenues is a way out of your normal de Gorlin.
Your normal...
That is so true.
You might still be sitting in that office or that assembly line or that slaughterhouse wherever your job is.
That hour.
Hour of slack production chimpanzee studio.
But yet, you have escaped.
Inside.
They can't catch you.
They can't put your mind in a cage, can they?
Well, they can.
And they did.
They did.
They put their minds into cages of all those pink boys, those mere humes, those luckless moronitites and mediocritines.
But we, the subtenues...
They're geniuses.
They can't...
They can lock us in the deepest dungeon.
And yet, inside our minds, we're still orgiastically partying.
It's not as good as if you really were orgiastically partying, but at least you can imagine higher realms of orgiastic partying.
It's better by curious.
It's almost real.
The pink king who thinks he's having an orgiastic party isn't having as much slack as his prisoner,
who's being drawn and quartered.
Or the person embracing that pork shoulder and trying to argue with that fish.
Oh my God, the Tibetans are after us.
And we're in their weird pantyhose.
It's a robbery.
It's a heist.
Okay.
You're going to repeat that mantra until your ears are thin.
Okay.

Okay.























See, nothing beats scientific responded.
Thank you, Dr.

Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.


Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
and pure.
And
and
and
Oh, man, this
reminds me of the last time I was stung
by a couple thousand bees.
What? What was that, Dave?
It reminds me of the last time I
was stung by a couple thousand
bees and ran down Lee Road
crying.
You survived being
stung by a couple of thousand bees?
He's talking off out of the end of his hat.
He should speak. It's a mixed metaphor.
I stumbled over her. I was on Lee Road
doing a painting job back when
I was a maintenance type fellow.
You're going to love this.
This is a true story
coming up? Yes, it's a true
story, and I rolled up a bag
of bees without knowing
about it on the roof of a garage
there. Well, I had to
dive in through the window, and Mom and Pop
were staring in astonishment
as the bees all came into the
house. Well, I ran down
stairs and ran out
the door and ran down Lee Road
almost all the way to what's
that corner over there?
And bees
were still going
after me a little bit one at a time.
Them bees would go at it?
Thousands of them.
Bees in your pants.
And that's what happens to people who
defy the ideals
and ideas of the church and the
subgenius. They're locked in small
rooms and treated with impunity.
They're argued with constantly
and given small fish to
dole them out amongst each other
as a token of surprise.
Most of them aren't going to
last too much longer.
Not unless they get hip to that brand new
package of smoker's pride
right under their pillow.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Mom?
I'm afraid
my glands and my organs
are growing. Oh dear,
it's going to be all right. Really.
It'll be okay.
But look at my arm.
Yes, I'm looking at it.
Nothing looks wrong to me.
It looks fine.
Isn't that misspelled or something?
No, no.
It's supposed to be that way.
I didn't think
Bob Dobbs was supposed to look like that.
I didn't want a tattoo
right now for sure.
I want one.
It's going to be
okay.
Hey dear, it's really
going to be okay.
No it's not. Why are you telling him that?
I can put my trust in me.
You're just prolonging the agony.
You see?
Please dad.
I promise I'll never do it again.
I didn't do it yet, but
if I were to do it, I promise
that I wouldn't do it in the future
as I might have done if I
thought of it in the past.
It isn't.
Slow watches.
See here.
A very strange young modern
nuclear family.
With all the haircuts
and the brand new rhythms they can hear.
The backyard swimming pool
is full of barbecue sauce and everybody
is dead or naked.
But that's alright because it's the year
2013.
And it's weird, man. Real weird.

That was the worst movie I ever saw in my life.
Hello?
Yeah, we're still here.
I want some of that barbecue sauce.
I was just
shredding your pork.
This music
in the background was sent
to me on a hand-labeled
CD by
Christian Blatter
who sent us
I think a cassette tape of
collage noises
and media clips. It was
random but good.
It was a good beat. That kind of thing can be
terrible or good. And this
year he sent us this
music
from DV8
Productions, which is him.
And get this. This is done
with analog
electronic music equipment.
Remember that? Like the Divas back
in the day. Before everything
was programmed.
Instead of throwing something away,
creating something beautiful and new from something
old and... Yeah, man.
So these are like
old...
I think I recognized an old
Casio.
One of the ones I had.
Drum tracks in it.
And he's got an
ARP-AX or something like that.
One of those old ARP synthesizers
that you could make
kind of a variation
on a fart noise that would sound
like music or thunder
or gunshot or a drum beat.
And Wendy Carlos knew how to do it.
She knew how to do that. And this Christian
Blatter guy seems to be
doing it. It's running out of his
Blatter. Christian Blatter.
That is the name.
Not Bladder.
But Blatter.
Yes, Blatter.
As the Germans would
pronounce it. Blatter.
Yeah, like one who blats.
Like he blats. Therefore
he is a Blatter.
To know life, you must
screw it in the
gallblatter.
Or perhaps a medieval
task or some job. A yeoman's
job some almost nearly
a thousand years ago, which everyone is complete.
Oh yes, the old man was a
Blatter back in the day.
He met Bob on his knees.
Bob was on his knees.
He was. But
he was a Blatter, yes. And he did
the Blatter's work with every container
he used. And they were full
of delightful ointments and
parts of the human
bodies, of course.
The anatomy classes were very successful
for the Blatters.
The appendix.
And during the great
bubonic plague of the year 1249
or whether 1351,
they'd come out to the
Blatters would come out and collect the dead.
The Blatters.
The Blatter. This is
the Blatter show. A show
about the Blatter. The greatest
organ of the body.
Because it leads up to the great time.
The time I don't have to tell you about,
but it starts with a P.
The time of P.E.
Let's call it for short.
That's where the Blatter comes in.
But Christian Blatter also goes
by the name of Cool Hand Chris.
And apparently you can Google
Cool Hand Chris rocks
and find more Blatterian
old school digital analog
or analog digital or whatever
you would call that.
Oh, and I have a plug.
A plug.
I have to plug you, Dave.
Plug it in.
Princess, we and I finished our first
YouTube video in a year.
The last ones were
microscopic where they were used.
A microscope was the camera.
Before that, a computer was used as a camera.
But this time we used a real camera
and we took pictures of real places all over
America.
And we put our very best pictures
as a kind of a slideshow on YouTube.
And you can find it by.
Going to YouTube or just Google YouTube
and the account name is Revstang.
R-E-V-S-T-A-N-G.
All one word, lowercase.
Revstang on YouTube.
And just look at the most recent upload.
And it's, you'll, if you're our friend,
you'll be so happy to see that Princess,
we and I saw so many cool things.
You get to see the things that we saw,
but not the in between things.

The in between stuff, just the best stuff.
The moment that everything looked cool
and not the driving to there.
Or the bathroom breaks or,
and the jail cells in between.
But it's only the best parts.
And I think it's called
Stang Doe Winter Trip 2012-2013.
And it's a masterpiece.
The best, the best thing about it
is that my knowledge that when my enemies see it,
they will grind their teeth down to nubs in jealousy.
I will admit that that's one reason I post
a carefully edited record of our adventures.
But the adventures they were.
Are you in a few?
Are they many right now?
Or are they remarkable in any way?
They are.
They're all remarkable.
Each one is remarkable.
And if you don't understand what you go,
well, wait a minute,
it's just a picture of Stang looking stupid.
Look behind Stang.
That's just a picture of Princess Wee looking pretty.
Well, look behind Princess Wee.
Look and see if you can see something in the background.
A rock shaped like something nasty.
Or an alien peeking out from behind a doorway.
You'll see all kinds of things.
Huh?
I thought it was a hairy demon.
I thought it was a fuzzy little demon.
Looked like to me the first time I saw it.
And that one was.
And it was blue and then it was yellow.
Then it was blue.
Then it was yellow.
I thought, man, something got a hold of Stang's psyche.
Some little thing that changes back and forth between blue and yellow.
It's real fuzzy and looks like a demon.
He's got control of, I don't know, his blatter.
Or perhaps his banter.
Or perhaps his mantra.
Or perhaps.
Something like that.
It was the blatter.
The blatter?
The blatter.
The latter.
The latter.
The blatter.
You know, when you have a one hour live radio show, you have to think about your blatter.
Before you get on the air.
Because otherwise you end up with your hand at your lap jumping back and forth from leg to leg.
Trying to sound calm like I am now.
Actually, I did take care of that.
And everything's fine.
Well, in your case, you have to worry about other forms of incontinence.
Right.
The drooling.
My incompetence is leaking out.
Oh, I'm sorry.
That was last week's Buzz.
That was last week's Buzz show.
Buzz show.
The Buzz show.
It was the Buzz show.
I've been, actually, this whole time that we've been talking, I've had my YouTubes playing in order of backwards order chronologically.
So mostly I've been watching rotifers squirming around eating.
Collapses and stuff.
But I guess the next thing up is Starwood Festival in five minutes.
The burning of Bob at 14X Day Drill.
Bob appears at Starwood Bonfire.
Evolution Control Committee at 14X Day Drill.
These are my YouTubes.
But the best ones are micro bug porn one through five, which come right after our vacation pictures.
Those are sexually exciting.
Those are sexually exciting.
If you're a bug admirer, a B.A., we call them, you might get into it.
You might.
Go for that sort of thing, then yes.
I'd like to go for the B.F.A. if I could, but I flunked rhythm back in the old days of schooling.
You see, my parents were consummated.
They consummated their marriage underneath a tree that had bitter fruit.
I guess the best way to put it.
And they discovered the Church of the Subgenius.
I think it was in 1993 or something like that.
Well, first thing you know, the old lady's house is all full of all these pamphlets and leaflets.
And he's confusing pieces of paper where she's writing her will because she says she's going to fly away on a spaceship.
So that's when I first called the authorities.
It was actually, well, it was a better thing.

I called the business bureau at first just to see who the hell, you know, because my mom, God rest her soul, passed away two and a half minutes ago.
And I just wanted to make sure that we can do something about scum like the Church of the Subgenius.
I mean, the only word I have for them is scum.
It's just a bunch of darn scum.
We'll be back to subgenius hoarders in just a minute.
But now this.
Have you ever wondered about Popeye training or learning how to speak a different language in a different world?
Well, now you can.
With the Church of the Subgenius hot and fresh package, you can learn practically every extraterrestrial dialect used in this part of the galaxy.
You'll be as incomprehensible as ever, but at least you'll look cool while you're doing it.
With this wonderful bag of wheels placed right here.

While you're talking.
Daddy, can I have that?
Oh, you've already had plenty, honey.
Now get back in the wagon with the rest of the little brat.
Luckily, she wasn't my child.
She was somebody else's kid.
Yeah.
Somebody with a pipe.
Is this a weird show?
What?
What's happening?
I'm confused.
I'm all messed up.
I can't.
This can't be what I'm really hearing.
I'm in the.
We're in the car, right?
What kind of question is that?
Is this a weird show?
Is that on the radio?
What's going?
Yeah.
Is this a weird show we're hearing?
Yeah, this is a weird show.
It's been a weird show for like, I don't know.
Did you guys give me something?
Going on like 30 years.
Did you dose me?
You dosed me, didn't you?
You dosed me.
You take it easy.
You're not the star, man.
You dosed me.
There's something wrong with this.
You're not the star, you're the star.
This isn't a show.
Take it easy.
Sit down.
Sit down.
This isn't right.
This isn't a show.
This is real.
I'm messed up and you're not.
You don't want to take me to the hospital.
That's what it is, isn't it?
You don't want to take me to the hospital, but I'm freaking out, man.
I'm here to find out who visited the man first before we're allowed to let you complete the
trip.
He's been in here for three weeks and still doesn't know exactly who he really is.
We're having a hard time communicating, but we feel that if he's here, we're going to
find out who he really is.
If you could help in any way, perhaps maybe just get a few words out of the guy that makes
sense, we'll be back in business.
As Reverend Stang settles down.
Oh, man.
He actually settles down.
Reverend Dr. Stang?
My mind is no longer at peace.

Does what's going on with Dave need to be done about?

Well, Dave and Dave are my friend.
Dave broke my head again.
I broke your head.
Yeah, again, it'll get better later.
I didn't want to break your head.
It broke my head.
But me and Dave are your friend.
I didn't mean to break your head.
I think the Blatter music broke my head, too.
Neither one of us wanted to break your head.
The combination.
It's the combination.
Well, all he had to do was pod down the pan, and pan down the pod, and I would have shut
up a little bit if he did.
If you would have told me you was getting a headache.
I love the bladder.
Well, we all love the bladder when it's made into sedition or some other kind of oriental soup.
It's still not all empty either.
The bladder CD is still half full.
It's good bladder as far as I'm concerned.
Well, that's because it's Christian Blatter.
Do you think that's really his name?
No, I think it's Chris.
There's people named Blatter and Christian.
His name is Christian and he's called Chris.
You know, I mean, some people think that your name, nobody has a real name.
We are Doe.
But the Does go back a long way.
Like the Dobses and the Knoppers.
And the Dobses.
Ancient Egypt, actually.
I think it goes all the way back to the days of Akhenaten and all them guys.
Hey, speaking of Knocknoppern, it's the end of the show.
And I guess we won't play the Lonesome Cowboy Dave song.
Oh, no.
I'm so disappointed now.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
I wanted to hear myself say that so badly.
Because it's got my five word on the run and the Krypton 85 and all that crap.
Yeah.
All that stuff.
Instead, we'll just play.
Yeah.
Instead, we'll just play the Swingin' Love Corpses doing Pick a Booger.
And we have to go.
Bye.
Okay.
Bye, Dave.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.







Bye.
Bye.






Bye.

Bye.



Bye.
Bye.
And you know, pick a booger out
And wipe it on your clothes
I don't have to be the one way or the other
It makes you happy to wipe it on your clothes
Robbing in your bar
And looking at your neighbor
Pining nuggets of his house
Just like a saber in the labor
He's pulling, he's tugging, he's yanking on this thing
It's a long, strabist thing
Still connected to the brain
Pick a booger
Pick a booger
Pick a booger
Pick a booger
Everybody's doing it
Picking it and chewing it
Yeah
He's rolling, he's checking in for hair
He's picking feet away, still looking at the mirror
He's taking on his finger
He's the best of every day
He's the best of every day

Pick a booger, bogey, it's the new best way
Stopping out to give me up
From deep inside his sinuses
Slave to the master of his royal sadness
Kids all wanna have days of infatuation
So I'm picking up a booger
It's the new sensation
Pick a booger
Pick a booger
Pick a booger
Pick a booger
Pick a booger
Pick a booger
Pick a booger
Pick a booger
Pick a booger
Pick a booger
Pick a booger
Pick a booger
Pick a booger
Pick a booger




Friends, we're glad you listened to this show
and we're even more glad that some listeners
have donated enough to help us keep on going
for another couple of months.
Not just this show, but subgenius.com
and all the other archive sites.
But if you truly love Bob
and want some of that slack back to rebound to you,
you should go to subgenius.com front page
or especially the radio page
or the catalog store pages.
And help out financially as best you can.
Now we know what it's like to be on the brink of total poverty
and we don't want any subgeniuses to make your own situations worse.
But some of you still have jobs.
Even five bucks makes a big difference.
Even if it's only once a month from enough of you.
50 bucks makes an even bigger difference.
All we're saying is that blow jobs could go the way of Steve jobs.
All we're saying is that blow jobs could go the way of Steve jobs.


If you don't pay dogs.
We also take checks and money orders to
Subgenius Foundation
P.O. Box 181 417
Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118
Thanks for anything you can do to help Let There Be Slack.
