For who shall defile the temples of the ancient gods?
A cruel and violent death shall be his fate,
and never shall his soul find rest unto eternity.
Such is the curse of Amundra, king of all the gods.
And he said, it's healthy for them.
And he said, it's a wonderful thing if they continued all through their lives,
to get that enthusiastic about anything.
Now, ladies and gentlemen, the self-genius, our old swan.
Come on, come on, come on, yell.
All right, now wait, wait a moment.
Wait a moment.
Quiet, for just...
Quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet.
Please, please be quiet,
because I know you want to hear what I'm going to say here.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
These are the nicest young people.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
What I want to tell them is how much we've enjoyed having them.
You're going to be on our show once again.
Bob.
Yes, Bob.
Thanks for Mende-mende-mende-mende-mende-mende-mende-mende-mende.
And welcome to Hour of Slack number 1099,
which this time piggybacks on a radio synesthesia show from April 22nd.
on which host Dr. Sinister was talking about the Virginia Tech slayings and crazy killers in general.
I realize it's all old news, but in the Church of the Subgenius, even old news is eternal news,
if it's a subgenius who's fixating on it.
We also have the unusual Norrell Prep collages and Lemur cut-ups,
and two more crazy killer killer songs, if they can be called that,
from the new CD Stung by Cleveland's own Kirkendall Void, who are also heard in the background right now.
Or maybe it's vice versa, maybe it's Kirkendall's own Cleveland.
But this episode isn't just about crazy killers, friends, but food and drugs,
and the conspiracy's contaminants thereof as follows.
A huge percentage of people die in high school.
We must outlaw hospitals.
Well, I'm still working to get dihydrogen monoxide banned.
I don't know what that name is.
Dihydrogen, oh my goodness.
I have to, I have to, I'm going to look this up here real quick, because this is something so scary.
That you just have to...
Can't get off on it, man.
And especially on this, on this Earth Day, you know, I think it's especially important that we let everyone know about the dangers of dihydrogen monoxide.
Well, what is...
Dihydrogen monoxide?
It's a colorless and odorless chemical compound, also referred to by some as dihydrogen oxide, hydrogen hydroxide, hydronium hydroxide, or simply hydric acid.
Its basis is the unstable radical hydroxide, the components of which are found in a number of caustic, explosive, and poisonous compounds,
such as sulfuric acid, nitroglycerin, and ethyl alcohol.
For more detailed information, including precautions, disposal procedures, and storage requirements,
refer to the...
Materials Safety Data Sheet for Dihydrogen Monoxide.
Should I be concerned about it?
Yes, you should be concerned about DMHO, uh, DHMO.
Although the U.S. government and the Centers for Disease Control do not classify dihydrogen monoxide as a toxic or carcinogenic substance,
as it does with better-known chemicals such as hydrochloric acid and benzene,
DHMO is a constituent of many known toxic substances, diseases, and disease-causing agents, environmental hazards,
and can even be lethal to humans in quantities as small...
as a thimbleful...
if inhaled.
Uh...
Research conducted by award-winning U.S. scientist Nathan Zoner
concluded that roughly 86% of the population supports a ban on dihydrogen monoxide.
Although his results are preliminary, Zoner believes that people need to pay closer attention to the information presented to them regarding dihydrogen monoxide.
He adds that, if more people knew the truth...
then, uh, the studies like the one he conducted would not be necessary.
What are some of the dangers associated with it?
Well, you know, death due to accidental inhalation of DHMO,
even in small quantities.
Each year, it's a known causative component in many thousands of deaths.
It is a major contributor to millions upon millions of dollars
in damage to property and the environment.
Prolonged exposure to solid DHMO causes severe tissue damage.
Excessive ingestion produces a number of unpleasant,
though typically not life-threatening, side effects,
although, you know, it can lead to electrolyte imbalances.
DHMO is a major component of acid rain.
Gaseous DHMO can cause severe burns.
It contributes to soil erosion.
It leads to corrosion and oxidation of many metals.
Contamination of electrical systems with DHMO often causes short circuits.
Exposure decreases effectiveness of automobile brakes.
It's found in biopsies of precancerous tumors and lesions.
It's given to vicious dogs involved in recent deadly attacks.
This is a true story.
Often associated with killer cyclones in the U.S., Midwest, and elsewhere,
it's the use of DHMO in the production of
and biological and chemical weapons manufacture
in the development of genetically engineered crops and animals
as a spray-on fire suppressant and retardant.
In so-called family planning or reproductive health clinics,
as a major ingredient in many home-brewed bombs,
as a byproduct of hydrocarbon combustion
in furnaces and air-conditioning compressor operation.
It's used in cult rituals.
It's used by the Church of Scientology members.
It's used by both the KKK and the NAACP
touring valleys in marches, which is, you know, really frightening.
It's used in animal research laboratories,
and it's used in pesticide production and distribution.
It's used in the production of pesticides,
and it's used in community swimming pools to maintain chemical balance.
It's also even been approved for use as a food additive,
and you'd be surprised how many things in your pantry
actually contain dihydrogen monoxide.
So, that having been said, are you scared yet?
Yeah, I tried to quit drinking, but I was unable to.
I still suck the stuff down like crazy.
Yeah, it's better.
Should we tell them what the...
Should we let the next caller figure it out?
Hello, you're on the air.
Holy crap.
Holy crap.
I am so scared right now.
I'm wetting my pants.
Oh, no.
There could be some dihydrogen monoxide in there now.
You've got to be careful.
Oh, my goodness.
Hey, I heard a rumor that the Cleveland city water is full of it.
Oh, yeah.
It's a major component, actually.
That's...
Yeah.
Yeah.
And once I got my tap tap...
I got tested at home.
Mm-hmm.
And they said it was just full of the stuff.
And I'm really...
Is there some kind of petition or something I can sign to ban it?
Well, if you want to get more information about this potentially deadly substance,
you can find more information at www.dhmo.org.
You know, in that movie Idiocracy, they had banned it
and replaced it with, like, some kind of sports aid, Gatorade.


Gatorade type stuff.
Which, of course, is still full of DHMO.
Yeah.
Right.
But it wasn't working on the crops.
The crops were dying because they didn't really like electrolytes.
You know, I live in Parma, and our tributary system, I think, I'm pretty sure it's full of it.
Big Creek has been contaminated with dihydrogen monoxide.
And I think it gets right into the soil and into the sewage system as well.
Well, there was so much...
In the Cleveland rivers, the Cuyahoga River going through Cleveland,
it caught on fire 11 times in the previous century.
Although now, you can fish out of it.
It's kind of a success story.
I wouldn't fish out of the Cuyahoga, at least not in the Cleveland part.
But a bunch of people do.
And, you know, and they're having children, and those children are growing up and voting.
Isn't it true?
Isn't it true that the atmosphere is full of, like, a gaseous form of dihydrogen monoxide?
Depending on weather conditions, yeah, you can get anywhere from, like, half a percent to, like, 2-3% of the atmosphere around you.
And we're just inhaling this stuff.
Being pure DHMO.
Mindlessly inhaling it?
Uh, yeah.
Yeah, Bush suppresses all studies about it.
And the government's doing nothing about it.
Well, fortunately, it's very, very dilute when it's in the atmosphere.
It's not, you know...
But, of course, if you took...
If you took it, like...
Like, in its natural state at room temperature, like, when it hasn't evaporated, inhalation of this would definitely cause some...
As little as a thimbleful.
As little as a thimbleful, if the contents were inhaled.
Isn't there some way we could form, like, some kind of lobby group or something?
Well, guys, I'm going to come out and let you all know here, I actually...
I'm actually in favor of dihydrogen monoxide.
I think it's a wonderful substance.
I use it all the time.
And I will fight...
I will fight tooth and nail.
Any attempt.
To regulate or restrict the availability of dihydrogen monoxide.
Wasn't there a radio show that was asking listeners to drink as much of it as they possibly could to win some kind of prize?
And a woman died from a...
Yes, it's true.
A woman has died recently from ingesting too much dihydrogen monoxide.
It was part of a radio contest.
You're pushing the stuff.
Yeah.
You're nothing but an H2O pusher.
Oh, man.
Yeah, folks, for those of you who haven't figured it out, think of what the chemical formula would look like.
Dihydrogen, that means two hydrogens, right?
What's the symbol for hydrogen?
And monoxide, that means one oxygen.
What's the symbol for oxygen?
All right, so dihydrogen monoxide.
Think of that.
Think about H's and O's.
Welcome back to Making Food.
Welcome to the contamination of the world's food products and the food supply.
But in breaking news...
I've contaminated virtually all of the organic and conventional papaya crop in Hawaii.
Earlier today, I contaminated fish and cotton.
We've been genetically modified with RBGH, and we have major contamination of U.S. rice supplies.
Unfortunately...
All right, we've been speaking with Joe of the Center for Food Contamination and the Fight Against Dairy Production.
Thanks for joining us.
Continuing with our look at food today on Making Food.
We have another piece speaking about a fifth grader's activism against foods in her cafeteria.
I'm a fifth grader in California.
I'm sick and tired of school lunches.
No more lunches.
Boycott the cafeteria.
By the way, we want more processed junk as well as invisible things like food.
We love our invisible food.
Now, this is true.
But meanwhile...
Hello, you're on the air.
Hello, you're on the air.
You got ghosts, man.
I guess.
Scary music has attracted ghostages.
Yep.
Hello, you're on the air.
Hey, what's up, sinister?
You just stepped in.
It's Governor Rocknar.
Yes, it's me.
How are you, Stang?
Great.
That's good.
Well, I've been indulging...
I've been editing...
Ancient X-Day movies of the 1998...
What the conspiracy calls the 1998 X-Day.
From a long, long time ago.
Yes, and all of those pretty moms that we see at X-Days now were young 20-somethings then.
And they all used to run around with their shirts off out there at breakfast.
And they weren't moms then.
It's been a lot of fun editing this and cleaning it up for family.
Oh, yeah.
That's important.
So, yeah, did you hear about the NASA shooting on 420?
No.
Well, I'm sure Stang heard about this.
Actually, I think I remember hearing something.
A NASA employee was upset because he got a bad work report.
And he went and took, I guess, his boss or somebody hostage and shot him and shot himself.
The idiot was kind of hostage in NASA and he didn't hijack a space shuttle and go to the true Earth.
I mean, what was he thinking?
No kidding.
These crazy armed loners these days are giving the rest of us armed loners a bad name.
I tell you.
I tell you.
You know, I mean, you've got a hostage at NASA.
You're surrounded by spaceships.
And, you know, if that dorky Korean kid hadn't stolen his glory earlier in the week, he might have gotten more publicity.
As it is now.
That's just a blurb in the news.
That Travis Bickle wannabe.
Well, see, I don't listen to the news.
I listen to the news about the news shows.
So I heard what they about what they wouldn't talk about because the other thing that they wouldn't shut up about.
Well, I think because, you know, when a crazy killer does does his thing, the media should always immediately do just what the crazy killer wanted.
It posed all his rants and pickpockets.
It's just a bunch of pictures on the Internet and television so that everybody, all the next crazy killers have a good role model to follow.
Exactly.
And plus, do you get to see all the glory and the guy posing just like in those violent movies that he liked?
Well, it's like if you're if you're a crazy serial killer type, well, I'm not serial killer, but just a poor rampage.
That's a spree killer, not a serial.
Who's suicidal.
You know, that's that's how you can get famous.
If you must die, if you really need to kill yourself, just jump in Bob's pipe and let him smoke you.
That is the honorable way to off yourself.
Well, we've always said that, you know, Bob or God are going to kill you anyway.
Do you really think you're going to do a better job than them?
Or would it just be another one of your dumb mistakes that you were going to kill yourself for?
Well, why don't you just hold off?
Let you know.
You may be impatient, but let Bob do it.
That's the way we look at dealing with the humans.
Don't don't.
It's not up to subgeniuses to go around destroying humans.
We're that's what the aliens are for.
We have slack and we wait for the aliens to do it.
That's right.
Chosung, we was the aliens.
The aliens will know who's a true subgenius and you don't.
You're not Bob.
You don't know.
I don't know.
I wouldn't take that kind of.
Well, there's a few people on my list, but that's different.
America's continuing growth depends on people.
Favorite with almost everyone.
Nowadays, more and more of the people you buy comes to you fully prepared.
Ready to eat people are an accepted part of our everyday life.
Mixing, slicing people.
This time consuming work is done for you.
How can you be sure?
Millions of people slaughtering millions of people each year.
Millions of people.
Slaughtered in this country.
Coming under federal inspection are carefully examined by thoroughly trained USDA people.
Inspectors grinding people.
Prepared people inspected and passed by the United States.
Slaughtering plants are clean, safe, wholesome and truthfully labeled.
People unfit for human consumption is slaughtered separately and converted to fertilizer or other non-food uses.
Nothing is left from the moment the consumer carcass starts on its way along the line.


Any questionable carcass is set aside.
It is condemned.
Only clean, safe and wholesome people goes into the cooler for further processing.
About 18 billion pounds a year or two-thirds of all the processed people consumed in this country are prepared under federal inspection.
More than 7 billion fweeners each year earned the US mark of wholesomeness.
All products containing people including soups, gravies and stews must contain wholesome ingredients that are not harmful to the environment.

The food is only head cheese and other favorites.
Scientists in the laboratories poured into petri dishes for food many times a day.
Let's take a look at some of these people's left by pesticides for the consumer.
Another machine and to support them here's the way it's done.
Radioactive fallout.
You get what you pay for.
You the consumer.
Deception.
People with barbecue sauce must have at least 50% cooked people.
The processor claims it will not char.
It has been cured with a USDA approved solution.
Synthetic sweetener.
Let's watch kitchen testing at work.
Yes, the claim proves to be accurate.
The anti-charring statement will be allowed to appear on the label.
Prepared people are American favorites.
Favorites for convenience.
Favorites for nutrition.
And favorites for flavor.
They are enjoyed by almost everyone.
Slaughtering the whole family.
So whenever you're out slaughtering, just look for the mark of shopping.
From PR News in Washington, I'm throwing rocks and bottles.
NASA engineers fired rubber bullets into a crowd that had been asking the Federal Trade Commission to investigate PR's reports.
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said,
Democrats are committed to this war.
President Bush jabbed her in the back with his club.
We need animosity.
And he tried to strike Democrats.
Both sides have spoken astounding the Iraqi government.
The President needs to do better.
In Stocks 7521195657, this is PR News.
PR News.
PR News.
In Colorado, Denver responded to snowstorms in Denver.
John Hickory received 7% of the vote in Tuesday's election.
He's proved troublesome from the moment polls opened that morning.
PR News in New Denver.
Los Angeles Police Chief William Bratton has ordered an investigation into allegations that PR News used undue force in Washington.
But yeah, I mean that kind of stuff happens several times a day in Iraq.
Well something must have triggered it in him because he, you know, he was planning this obviously.
For the anniversary of Columbine.
No, we don't know that at all.
Well we don't know that.
I mean why, I mean where on earth has that come up?
Well the fact that he brought it up in his video that he was, you know, emulating the two kids from Columbine.
He mentioned it.
Okay.
So, so he was, you know, he had this in his mind.
He had it planned, I guess.
He doubled their body count.
Right, doubled the body count.
Well I think, I think most of the subgeniuses who heard about that thing went, oh, there but for the grace of God go I.
Oh yeah.
And thank God I finally got laid in college or this would have, I probably would have done the same thing.
Yeah.
You know, this guy didn't get laid.
Well it just, you know, it just shows how college just isn't the same anymore.
I mean it never, you know.
It sounds about the same to me.
Honestly, I mean really if someone could just go back in time and, and like, and get that kid a hooker, you know, the day before.
Yeah, some of his rants.
Those people would all be alive.
I was writing the same kind of stuff my freshman year of college.
Well I've heard, I've heard people argue that the book of Revelation is actually one of those adolescent revenge fantasies.
Oh.
That you get from a guy who's been trapped on an island for however long and has been exiled there.
And he says that like the only people who survive the apocalypse will be those men who have not sullied themselves with the flesh of women like, uh, uh, hello.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We see what this guy's problem is.
I mean it's just like the revenge fantasies written by the, the Columbine shooters.
And by the way, I just accidentally hung up on, uh.
Mark.
On Mark, yeah.
I heard that Bush made him do it.
Hello, you're on the air.
Is this Dave?
No.
Dave's not here, man.
Man, I am funny and cute.
No, no, no.
You're a loser who, uh, can't even stay on the air on this program.
If you can't get on the air on this program.
You can't get on the air.
You can't get on the air anywhere.
Was that cracks just now?
No, that was just some loser.
You're on the air.
Hey, hi.
How are you today?
I'm hanging in there.
Who you picking on that guy for?
Which guy?
The, the idiot?
The guy you just called.
Yeah, he is, he's, he's an easy target.
I mean, he, it's, it's so obvious that he, he, uh.
Needs some men.
He has earned some, uh, some ridicule by being an idiot.
You know, that gives us the right to make fun of him for being an idiot and a loser.
Yeah, that gives him the right to.
No, that doesn't give you authority power just because he has a different viewpoint,
does it?
Uh, it's not that he has a different viewpoint.
He's not expressing a viewpoint.
He's just calling up and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
blah, nonsense and hanging up.
I mean, that's, that's pathetic and dumb.
And it shows that you're a loser and have nothing better to do with yourself.
I mean, I mean, geez.
It's, it's true.
We're elitists.
He could, he could be masturbating and that would be probably better for him
in the long run.
You know, he could be, he could.
I don't want a picture of that.
He could, he could be exercising his prostate, you know, reducing his risk of, uh, prostate
cancer.
He could be, uh.
What, masturbate?
What was, uh, what is ejaculation?
The more, the more.
The more you exercise.
Uh.
your prostate, the better it is for you. That's what I've heard.
Oh, really? Really?
You're going to have to excuse me for about two minutes. I'll be right back.
Two minutes, dude.
That long?
Ma'am?
Yeah?
Beg your pardon?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Have you got any ideas?
Not that I could tell.
Go on, please.
No.
Well, if you say so.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, that's right.
Did you see anybody?
Oh, yeah, I see.
Did you?
Mm-hmm.
Want to try it again?
Okay.
Anything else?
Yeah, that's it.
You had it?
Yeah.
That's it?
Sure.
Here.
Why do you say that?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Drugs.
Cheaper drugs.
Pharmaceutical lobby.
Drug bill.
In the middle of the night.
Pharmaceutical.
Drug coverage.
Drug companies.
Drug bill.
Drug bill.
Drug lobby.
Drug industry.
Drug lobby.
Drug lobby.
Drug companies.
Drug companies.
Pharmaceutical lobby.
Drug industry.
Drugs.
Drug.
Drug companies.
Drug bill.
Pharmaceutical industry.
The incestuous relationship.
Relationship between Congress and the industry.
Bottom line.
Drug bill.
Drug companies.
Drug industry.
Drug pharmaceutical industry.
Drug industry.
Pushing so hard.
This doesn't look good.
Drug lobby.
Drug bill.
Pfizer.
Pharma.
Lilly.
And Merck.
Drug.
Drug.
Drug man.
Drug man.
Amgen.
Drug companies.
Drug companies.
Johnson and Johnson.
Pharmaceutical industry.
Push real hard.
They can get it done.
You hear children of the night.
They howl about the hill.
Of the seven jackals.
When Carice must be fed.
Should unbelievers seek to desecrate the tomb of an anchor.
You will use nine leaves each night.
To give life a moment to Carice.
Thus you will enable him to bring benches and the heads of those who try to enter.
Yes, master.
But never.
For any reason.
Must you brew.
More than nine leaves at one time.
Should Carice obtain a large amount of the fluid.
It would become an uncontrollable monster.
A soulless demon.
With a desire to kill.
And kill.
I understand, master.
Neanderman.
Neanderman.
Neanderman.
Neanderman.
Neanderman.

Neanderman.
Neanderman.
You got a funky thing going on.
You got a funky thing going on.
Oh, no.
Okay, you're Mr. Hill Nussbaum, 243 at Retchelon?
Yeah, that's right. That's me.
Okay, Mr. Nussbaum, just what seems to be the problem?
Well, my brains feel like there's maggots inside, there's ratchets crawling all over me,
and I bark sometimes for no good reason.
You bark often?
Only when I gotta go to the bathroom.
I see.
Open wide, please.
Oh, my.
Yes.
Yes.
Okay, I think I know what your problem is.
What is it, Doc? Tell me.
Well, you have a small touch of electroconvulsive, chronic compulsive, schizolecuclomenagital,
cerebral spinal, hypermanic, psychosomatic, neurocoaxial, endopectaxial,
anaphylactic, hypochondriactic, neurobacterial,
ne-ne-ne-ne-no-nicky, sclerosanivosa, infectious, acutus, ne-ne-ne-ne-nex, miscerebral castration.
What? Could you repeat that, please?
No, no, don't. Just tell me in layman's terms.
In layman's terms?
Okay.
I am so sorry, Mr. Nussbaum, but you're going insane.
Huh? What? You mean I'm going cuckoo?
You're going crazy, Mr. Nussbaum. Congratulations.
And I am pleased to report, you're going to have to be
staying with us for quite some time.
You're going crazy!
Oh, no.
You got a fucking thing going on.
You're going crazy!
You got a fucking thing going on!
You're psycho!
You're crazy!
You got a fucking thing going on!
You got a funky thing going on!
You got a funky thing going on!
You got a funky thing going on!
You know it's in ours!
I assure you, Mr. Thor, my dear friend, I really had no designs upon your exalted position.
I pleaded vehemently with Brynn Hilda, but she was too powerfully persuasive!
She's that all right. Mystifying and mortifying, seeing the likes of you, Farwarrior. What's your name?
My name? Oh, but heaven must cut my name. But it'll come to me the moment I know the reveal. No prompting, please. No prompting, please. My name, the dear little Smith! Smith! It's Dr. Hatteras Smith!
What kind of name is that, Farwarrior? It ought to roar! Like Thor!
Now, what am I to lose?
I'm gonna do with you till I get the other glove back.
Well, I've got you.
Well, you can send me home!
Of course!
Come, Dr. Smith.
After you, dear quick-drying cement.
You got a funky thing going on!
I'm a w-I'm a wittle bird! I weave in a cage!
I think I'm on fire and I have insects in my brains!
I'm a wittle bird!
I think I'm on fire and I have insects in my brains!
I'm a wittle bird!
I weave in a cage!
I'm a wittle bird!
I think I'm on fire and I have insects in my brains!
I'm a wittle bird!
I weave in a cage!
I think I'm on fire and I have insects in my brains!

You got a funky thing going on!
I think I'm on fire and I have insects in my brains!
I'm a wittle bird!
I'm the thing amongst types and habits who are left alone.
I think I'm on fire and I have insects in my brains!
To the American soldier in the Saudi Arabia desert,
there is nothing more expensive than peace.
Live in your state and let others live in their state peacefully.
Don't be dual for the war machine.
Your children are waiting for you.
Your wife is waiting for you.
You might have a lover.
Where did you go to school?
You might have a lover.
You got a funky thing going on.
You got a funky thing going on.
This is flight number 914 from Earth to our planet.
We will be taking off in three minutes.
Mr. Chambers.
Mr. Chambers, don't get on that ship.
The rest of the book, to serve man, it...
It's a cookbook!
Cookbook!
You got a funky thing going on.
Cookbook!
Cookbook!
Neonerman.
Neonerman.
Neonerman.
Neonerman.
Neonerman.
Neonerman.
Neonerman.
Neonerman.
Neonerman.
Say, baby, why don't you bring that sweet badonkadonk
gone up to my place?
Has your bad trip terminated yet, friends?
That was the Kirkendall Void from their new album Stung.
And you can get more information about that from the Kirkend...
Well, kirkendallvoid.com.
Kirkendall Void being spelled K-I-R-K-E-N-D-A-H-L-V-O-I-D.
Kirkendall Void.com.
They're also doing this background music.
You know, that's something that I read on All.Slack,
that you were saying that the only true kooks in the Church of the Subgenius
were you and me, because we're the ones who've given the most money to this thing.
Well, yeah, you could say that.
Yeah.
And the true definition of a kook is someone who believes in it wholeheartedly,
even beyond the point.
Of knowing that it's just simply all crap.
You've got to believe everything you read,
especially when the things you read contradict each other.
Then you must believe both.
Well, and also, the magician does, you know,
he cheapens the audience and his art when he gives away his tricks.
But, and I'm going to get a little bit serious with you here, friends,
for just a second.
Tattoo this on your brain, okay?
It turns my stomach.
As it says here.
It turns my stomach to see all you knee-jerk, quote, subgeniuses, unquote,
make blanket statements about those stupid Christians or those stupid Republicans,
which might as well be the same as saying those stupid niggers or those greedy Jews
or all Muslims hate women.
That mindset is the same old we're brilliant us and they're stupid old dumb them.
And pointing out, you know, that's not true.
Pointing out the innate dumbness of that kind of thinking,
isolating the loci where the dumb attitude starts,
that's one of the main points of several satirical put-on religions that I can think of.
And wouldn't you know it, that main point is the very one that's most often missed.
In other words, here in the subgenius church,
we run into people who actually believe this shit.
Yeah.
Bob has this way.
He's telling, well, he came up with these perfect formulas of,
it's just the kind of thing that schizophrenics and kooks most want to hear.
Well, guess what happened?
We got kooks and schizophrenics.
Now, I'm saying there's nothing wrong with, in fact, I should jump ahead to that section.
Section on religion.
Yes, yes, yes.
My favorite part.
In fact, I'm going to do this.
I'm going to do this whole thing here.
Ranting about God is vain in every sense of the word and doesn't belong in a holy book like this one.
Ranting about God's fan club.
But now that's different, friends.
As Nenslow pointed out, people will have a total spaz attack over the way you draw two lines.
Whether the horizontal line crosses the upper part or the lower part of the vertical one.
How fucked is that, I ask?
Two lines.
They will riot in the street and get themselves killed because somebody on the other side of the planet in a country they never heard of before
drew a picture last year which they, the rioters, haven't actually seen themselves,
but which some preacher in another country on the other side of the planet didn't like.
How can you be surprised at anything that happens?
But as Nenslow pointed out, once you believe one impossible,
it's easy to believe a million more impossible things.
Well, we have the line, believe me out of it, friends.
Fish in an aquarium don't know they're in an aquarium.
They don't know that we feed them.
To them, we might as well be clouds.
In just the same way, we don't really know whose aquarium we could be swimming around in, do we?
So we don't really believe in much.
And by the same token, we don't disbelieve in much.
Some of us don't even believe in skepticism,
which, sort of like atheism, can be downright dangerous.
There are sad wandering ghosts and mournful earthbound spirits that are nothing but dead skeptics
who couldn't believe they were dead and just won't let go.
Some of us don't even believe in science!
You can't fool us.
Eternity and infinity are just fairy tales that some mathematician dreamed up to scare little kids and stoners.
But we got to where it's like, well, the paranormal is really interesting.
And many a subgenius has had that first walk at age 13 down the occult aisle of the used bookstore.
But after a while, the beliefs all start to sound the same and none of them work in the lab.
The believers themselves become very interesting, though.
And not so much for the trite crap they believe in,
but for the fact that they're not.
The fact that they can even believe it!
And, friends, take my word for it,
becoming one of those kooky believers yourself is even more interesting.
I've done it.
We find the whole sweep of human belief fascinating,
and not just from an anthropological perspective.
No doubt most of us have believed in miraculous things at various times.
The fact is, miracles are indeed happening around us.
They affect us constantly.
Some people may be surprised that we would say that,
but, yes, supernatural miracles occur daily.
The most miraculous one of all, my friends, is faith itself.
It is a fucking miracle that so many people can believe such dumb bullshit!
And that is a miracle that never stops happening, my friends.
The fact that such hogwash brings millions,
such deep, much-needed comfort and calm in a world of uncertainty and hardship,
that itself is the most fantastic miracle of all.
Isn't that sweet?
So, you know, we understand everybody wants something for nothing.
But then there's the crazy people and the religious nuts, so to speak,
of which I'm proud to count myself craziest and most fanatical.
But what's considered crazy these days,
you know, it's really changed over the years.
Insane now doesn't mean running around the mall with your underwear on your head.
That's fashionable now.
Nowadays, what's weird is what used to be considered common human decency.
Having manners is weird and crazy nowadays.
And so we see the world of the differently-samed, let's call them.
It's not that they see things that aren't really there.
Serious religious nuts and speed freaks also see connections that aren't there.
Marvelous connections between, say, quantum physics and sappy mysticism.
The only reason the rest of us don't see the connections is that we're not completely insane.
It's hard to carry on a real conversation with these people
because they're precariously balanced mentally and they prefer to lecture.
If you question their basic presumptions, suddenly you're barking up,
and they're barking up an unoccupied tree.
The non-traditionally-aware person, as we might say,
can't answer certain questions because if he lets himself even understand them,
his whole mental house of cards collapses.
The concept of him being wrong is outside of his frame of reference,
so his answers are always to other questions than the ones you'd ask,
the ones they prefer you ask.
Now, we're all kooks to some extent, friends,
but as long as you're not a kook,
as long as you can take a joke,
you're not too far gone.
However, you have to be able to recognize that a joke has been told.
And we keep running into these subgeniuses that
they got the lies and believe the jokes.
They got the lies.
Oh, I know what you mean, Reverend Seng.
Oh, no, no.
Friends, crippled sense of humor
is the single most distinguishing aspect of the, quote,
kook or deep pink personality.
We call the really deep pinks purples.
And thus, many alternately-realitied persons
can't experience slack except negatively.
And then there's the fooling yourself thing.
New Age beliefs combined with dipshit science
can inflict brain damage every bit as tragically
as can chronic drug use and cable television.
Luckily for all but the most damaged victims,
there is a place in the world for them,
and often a lucrative one,
as religious or philosophical teachers.
And an important thing to note, friends,
is that rich people can afford to be much more superstitious
than poor people can.
It's easy to learn the trappings of awareness and knowledge.
All it takes is impenetrably flighty jargon
punctuated by pregnant pauses and flatteries,
and big eyebrows help a lot.
Um, many malaligned normals naturally and automatically
gush the kind of New Age kookademic jibber-jabber
and, uh, guy-a-rea
that appeals to the lowest con-man denominator,
the comforting blither-blather of so many gurus,
therapists, philosophy majors, and other doofi.
This self-validating bullshit
also tends to be self-generating.
That's why we see so many pests
who never get past Mysticism 101.
Now those who catch on that there is no Mysticism 102
are the ones who teach Mysticism 101.
So, most New Age guru claptrap
doesn't teach you how to be more awake.
It only teaches you how to pretend to be more awake
and how to use the lofty vocabulary of higher consciousness
to categorize all the parts of the personality
and all of human experience
so that you can talk just as if you actually understood them.
What you've really learned from the guru, though,
are just holy-sounding platitudes
that keep you automatically sure
that you're not on automatic.
We know this because we're the automatic robots,
and we're the robots that are programmed
to tell the other robots
that they're robots and must wake up!
So it's gratifying, as many of you I'm sure know,
to put yourself into the happy mental state
of believing oneself to be fully awake
and preternaturally aware,
to skip straight to the enlightenment,
to announcing the enlightenment, rather,
without actually having turned on any of the lights,
so to speak.
I mean, you know a lot of New Agers,
I'm sure, are so busy congratulating themselves
moment by moment
about how in the now they are
that they don't really see what's happening
right in front of their damn face.
They talk the trademark talk
of the awakened spiritual master,
but it stays talk.
They don't live forever.
They don't speak from the grave.
They sure do speak, though,
uh, forever.
And it's nothing but words, words, words.
We're sick of the hot air
and should probably shut up ourselves.
Actually, I probably should just shut up.
Because, friends, as Nenslow said,
there is nothing, no, nothing,
as disillusioning as enlightenment.
You chew on that one for a while.
Friends, we subgeniuses may not be enlightened,
but we sure can spot a liar.
It takes one to know one,
and we are definitely liars.
The liars are the ones who are bragging
about their enlightenment.
I'll say that again.
Bragging about their enlightenment.
You know, it kind of implies that they're enlightened.
How about that?
Well, the nice thing about subgenius enlightenment
is that you have to figure it out for yourself.
As Bob said, believe me out of it,
no blood for snake oil.
It is extremely important
that you understand how much you suck.
Because that is the first step
towards not sucking.
Look at the people who suck the hardest.
The person next to you, perhaps.
I don't know.
One of the things they all have in common
is their erroneous belief
that they do not suck.
Those of us who are aware that we do suck
strive to remedy it,
and thus continually improve.
Those who are not aware that they suck
only grow sucklier day by day.
Praise Nenslow, who said that.
Yes, friends, it seems like the dumbasses are always...
Well, we are all of us dumbasses.
And none of us really knows a damn thing for sure.
And all really is vanity.
That said, all dumbasses are not created equal.
Generally, the dumber they are,
the more sure they are right
about how much smarter they are than everybody else.
So, we subgeniuses are always trying to figure out
if we are getting dumber or smarter,
or if we are really just a brain in a jar
dreaming everything.
As Joe Cosby said, though,
I'd like to think that if this were all just
a fevered hallucination of mine,
I could hallucinate something
where I was getting laid more.
That was from Starwood26 last year.
Some readings from the new subgenius book,
The Bobliographer.
And now, for a much needed break,
and a reward, so to speak,
some more Kirkendall Void.
futurist circa
protests
rejected
access
toxic
roasted
dangerous
I don't want to be a man
But I get it when I can
I don't want to be a girl
But if I was I'd wear my pearls
I don't want to be a guy
I ain't gonna tell you why
I don't want to be a dame
Cause it wouldn't be the same
Shh, shh
Shh, shh
Shh, shh
I don't own a great big car
And I don't own a new guitar
I don't own the leotards
But I want a new guitar
Chronic indecision
Chronic indecision
Shh, shh, shh
Shh, shh, shh
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Dr.





Dr.
Dr.
Dr.







Dr.
Wilhelm von Hornzahleren, the ex-Kaiser,
could drink three gallons of wine at one draft without taking a breath.
He went about the streets at night with a lighted red candle
stuck in the vertex of his skull.
The orbit to Leenot.
In a moment, I'll tell you how the card game Bridge got its name.
Two English families used to visit one another on alternate nights to play the game.
Gradually, the game became known as Bridge,
and their dead bodies were buried in the walls to make them strong.
Strong. The orbit Leenot.
Sebastian Spinola, famous dancing master of the 16th century,
was cast at the order of the Chinese emperor, Yang Lo.
It took 50,000 European slaves 20 years to pay no taxes.
The orbit Leenot.
In a moment, I'll tell you about the bizarre amusement the Duchess gave a stable boy
by embedding 3,200 needles in his arm.
Gilea Gonzaga, widow Duchess of Fondi, Italy, was the wettest on Earth.
Sacrificing her life for a perfect b-
Orbit Leenot.
The orbit Leenot.
Hello, you're on the air.
Hey, uh, where is the DHMO found?
It's not just an industry, but, uh,
Yeah, I mean, yeah.
I think it's useful for treating many diseases also.
Uh, you know, just because, you know, you think of it as dangerous in some ways,
you know, I think, uh, I think people are forgetting how important,
you know, how, how much, how many people's jobs depend on dihydrogen monoxide.
True.
You know.
Yeah.
That's something you gotta consider.
Do you, do you know what it is yet?
Yeah.
Yeah?
Yeah.
You wanna tell me what it is?
The DHMO?
Yeah.
Uh, what you said, it's a substance, you know, found in the air, um,
wasn't it found in, uh, Lake Erie?
It's found in the ground, it's found in Lake Erie.
Yeah, it was found in Lake, yeah.
It's found in your tap water, it's found in,
it's found in your body tissue, I guarantee you.
Yeah.
That your body's pretty well saturated with it by now.
Yeah.
Since you've been living on this planet.
Yeah.
But, but that's, that's, that's all you know about what it is?
Mm-hmm.
It's everywhere.
It's all around you, you can't do anything about it.
That's why I called it, I'm pretty cool with it.
It's gonna kill you one day.
Actually, it may or may not kill you, we don't, we don't know that for sure.
Well, but I think you, actually if there wasn't any, you'd die if you, if you didn't have
try some amount of it.
Right, but we also know that it's absolutely essential for cancer cells, uh, to survive.
Yeah.
And a number of other pesky, uh, crops.

It's, it's, it's been known to attract, uh, it, yeah, it even attracts mosquitoes.
Has it really?
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Mosquitoes that could be carrying, you know, malaria or the West Nile virus.
They hatch their eggs in it.
It attracts skunks.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Let me, I can't, I can't, yeah, but you know, and, and, and for all the like dangerous,
you know, uses, uh, all the dangerous factors about it, ironically enough, you, you can't
even use it to wipe off, to, to, to, I mean, even though they use it as a solvent, you
still can't use it to get the cells out.
You can't use it to get the skunk spray off you.
You know, I've always seen skunks as a kind of an excuse.
I do too.
First I hated the smell and now I love it.
You love it?
Mm-hmm.
Oh no, officer.
It's not what you think.
No, I really did hit a skunk.
I ran over a skunk the other day.
No, I really did hit a skunk.
See?
Dead skunk in the middle of the road, stinking to high, high heaven.
Well, you know, if they, uh, if they, uh, if they, uh, if they, uh, if they, uh, if they,
um, if they just die a natural death, they, they don't, uh, stink any worse than any other
animal.
I unfortunately found that out when the, the, uh, when the cold broke finally and I opened
my garage again, there was a little baby skunk laying in there by the door as if she'd wandered
in and didn't know how to wander out and probably died of dehydration.
And she was probably dead.











Preserved as if, uh, as if freeze dried.
Wow.
Yeah.
Just stiff little thing.
Nothing offensive about it at all.
I didn't keep it.
I understand that it's against the law in this land to bury a pet in your backyard.
Is it?
Really?
Yeah.
Some, for some reason, I'm not surprised by that.
It's kind of a...
Well, they have a pet.
Well, it gets that DMH stuff into the ground too.
That's true.
That's true.
Animals bodies are also saturated with DMH.
They're permeated with it now.
DHMO, yeah.
You just can't get away from that stuff.
Yup.
Everywhere you turn around.
Every time you blink your eyes, it's in your tears too.
It's everywhere.
You know, and, and by the way, you know, getting enough of getting, you know, getting, getting
DHMO in your eyes can, can make vision difficult by the way.
It can take them?
Yeah.
It can reduce your vision.
It can blind you temporarily for sure.
Or it could, it could transmit infections.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's definitely been known as a vector for numerous pathogens.
You know, a person could just spend every second being paranoid.
Yeah.
Really?
But what would that catch you?
You just live a meaningless existence.
Well, yeah, but they never catch you.
So that way you know that you succeeded.
Just because you're paranoid.
That your paranoia was justified because they haven't come and gotten you yet.
See, a paranoid is just someone in possession of all the facts.
Thanks to Dr. Sinister and WCSB and callers Lonesome Cowboy Dave and Rocknor and so forth
and Norrell Preff and Fernand and Andy Lemur for the collages in this show.
Friends, you're listening to the Hour of Slack.
Voice of the Church at the Subgenius.
And if you want more to learn, look at, if you want, subgenius.com.
And remember, kids, subgenius is not spelled with.
S-O-N-E-O.
Praise Bob.
This is the story of a man who buried his identity to dedicate his life to the
Subgenius.
The Power of Slack.
What?
Good news, Captain Raid.
It's all clear.
I scouted the rim on both sides of the canyon and found no sign of
Bob.
Ah.
Him.
Dead.
Dead.
Dead.
Ah.
Hmm.
Hmm.

Well, Bob.
Let me go.
Let me go.
Let me go.
Let me go.
Let me go.
The destiny of the priests of Karnak is fulfilled.
Happy Birthday Mr. President
