The Hour of Slack.
The Hour of Slack.
This is all a copy.
It's a copy.
It's a copy.
Now follow me carefully here because here's where we're going to depart from ordinary church.
God's not dead.
He's still alive.
God's not dead.
He's still alive.
God's not dead.
He's still alive.
I feel him in my hands.
I feel him in my feet.
I feel him all over me.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
Heaven help us all.
God's not dead.
He's still alive.
God's not dead.
He's still alive.
God's not dead.
He's still alive.
I feel him in my hands.
I feel him in my feet.
I feel him all over me.
No.
I feel him all over me.
I feel him all over me.
I feel him all over me.
God's not dead.
I feel him all over me.
I feel him all over me.
I feel him all over me.
God's not dead.
I feel him all over me.





God's not dead.
Laugh sack there, laugh sack there.
Come along you little no-와-es.
Laugh sack there, laugh sack there.

Laugh sack there, laugh sack there.
Laugh sack there, laugh sack there.
Laugh sack there, laugh sack there.
Laugh sack there, laugh sack there.
Friends, this was going to be a love show, but we're all paranoid still, so I changed my mind, and it's a war show with Chaz Smith and Lonesome Cowboy Dave at ESO Swamp Radio WCSB Cleveland.
The war drums are certainly...
President Bush certainly is looking presidential and busy lately, huh?
Now, what happened? They opened the satchel and we're still busy with the sexes? Is that what happened?
I don't know. I haven't turned on the news in six months since they knocked those buildings down.
It's pretty much George Bush and Dick Cheney against everybody in the world.
Dave, we all turned down, tuned in, and we dropped out, man.
Oh, man, you guys have gone the hippie way?
Yeah, we quit voting.
That's our protest against voting.
Forget about everything.
I'm going to become a nihilistic type dude.
You know what I'm saying?
Forget this dog stuff.
How about a neopaleonistic?
You're a silly tumor and yucking it up, you know, when the world's burning down around our knees.
Right. Right.
No, your world is burning down around your knees.
The world will simply do what it does.
Burn around its knees?
Long after your world has burned to its knees.
Every game after ours, someone lost its connection.
And every battle must continue to carry on without attacking our newbels.
We can move across that closer civil war that was created in the First World War experience.

Kill the planes.

The לא guess.


It's blinded, deafened up
But nothing can change the shape of things to come
There are changes
Lying ahead in every row
And there are new thoughts
Ready and waiting to explode
When tomorrow is today
The bells may toll for some
But nothing can change the shape
Of things to come
The future's coming in and out
Sweet and strong
And now I'm gonna hold it back for long
There are new dreams
Crowding out old realities
There's revolution
Sweeping like a fresh new breeze
Let the old world
Be the new world
Make believe
It's blinded, deafened up
But nothing can change the shape of things
Nothing can change the shape of things
Nothing can change the shape of things
Nothing can change the shape of things to come
In the future all will be happy
In the future all will sing with glee
In the future there will be much rejoicing
In the future all will bow to leave
Piano solo
The last of the ez probably
Music Everyone's heading to an elixir


In the future all will be happy
In the future all will sing with glee
In the future there will be much rejoicing
In the future all will bow to me
There never will be any problems
There never will be any choice
No dissent or discontent
And there will only be one voice
So bow to the cog
Bow to the cog
Bow to me
Bow to the cog
Bow to me
I'm bowing right now for the C.O.G.
Countdown to the cog
Bow to the cog
Raise to me
Bow to the cog
Raise to me
On your knees if you please for the C.O.G.
I've got a plan in mind for you
Quit your job, don't go to school
Break your bones, build my dream
You're a tiny gear in a big machine
Oh!
I know what you want
I know what you need
I've got ideas between my ears
That would make your brain bleed
So bow to the cog
Bow to the cog
Bow to me
Bow to the cog
Bow to me
I'm bowing right now for the C.O.G.
Countdown to the cog
Bow to the cog
Raise to me
Bow to the cog
Raise to me
On your knees if you please for the C.O.G.
C.O.G.
I will give you a higher purpose
I'll control your very soul
My will is yours to do so
Now do your chores
Won't be beaten by a mole
How will your lives have any meaning
After I'm buried, dead and gone
I'll build an army of giant robots
My evil plans will carry on
So bow to the cog
Bow to the cog
Bow to me
Bow to the cog
Bow to me
I'm out right now for the COG
Countdown to the cog
Bow to the cog
Praise to me
Bow to the cog
Praise to me
On your knees if you please for the C-O-G
Bow to me from the Consortium of Genius
More of that from www.consortiumofgenius.com if you want it
And before that, Shape of Things to Come
Let's go!
By Max Frost and the Troopers
Friends, there have been some really strange subgeniuses
And also some mal-aligned normals
Pestering me lately
And man, you know what? I've about had enough
I've had enough of that
I think people are going nuts
Is there still... have there been sunspots?
Did the Russian CIA guys turn on some ray?
Oh yeah, they did, that's happening too
But they're...
The kook meter at Subgenius Central is spiking
I have never seen anything like it
Well, war fever
There is war madness going on
And sometimes when they use the big subliminal generators
Lots of people start spazzing out in their everyday lives
I think that it's like teachers, loony bin custodians
And cops and so forth all know this around full moons
That there's a real palpable increase in just general crap
And it seems like...
I mean, we're between full moons right now, man
What is going on?
What do you think is happening?
What do you think is happening, Dr. Fratch?
People in those cars next to me
Why are they looking at you like that?
Are they following you?
Do they know your name?
What is he writing down? Your license number?
Have you been checking out the white SUVs?
Do you know about Alex Jones?
Have you heard of Alex Jones?
The internet so-called kook from Texas?
Yeah
Who believes that George Bush is the anti-kook?
The anti-Christ?
Or at least one of his friends?
Yes
Well, who is the real guy?
Isn't every president the anti-Christ?
Yes
I think so
I mean, you know, after all these years
I think that's what they're essentially running for
Is anti-Christ
Reagan was best
Because he had the six letters in each of his tags
See, Clinton was on David Letterman last night
Yeah
Yeah, I heard that
I wish I'd seen that
What I would have done, Chaz and Stang
I would have dropped a bomb on Ethiopia
And made up some excuse about something else
I don't know, man
I just, the war fever
I was trying to break the war fever with a cold compress
And maybe put an ice cube in my butt
And it's not working, man
I still got it
I know what you mean, man
It's a hard fever to break
It's a, I've been trying to avoid all of that
Didn't turn on the TV during the day
Me neither, actually
Or anything
But I could still kind of sense the psychic echoes reverberating through the force
You could hear all the madmen in Washington
Huzzing at one time
Also, they all showed up on alt.slack and on the internet very interactively
Senator Proxied
I'm afraid I have some bad news
Yes?
There's been an accident
No
I love the night, I love the night
I love the night, I love the night
I don't even care about any of it
If I went away from it
How unhappy I would be
Me and I oh my
Senor
Are you happy, now?
Now? Oh, I'm so unhappy!
I'll tickle you!
There were summer barbecues in the backyard.
I've got a beautiful roast for supper tonight.
Roast?
Oh, nice!
We will give you
a beautiful surprise
with a seven and three quarter inch fry pan, free of charge.
Are you really so brave?
Or are you the one who is afraid?
What do you think?
The sudden silence tells you that your little boy is gone.
Are you afraid I have some bad news?
No.
There's been an accident.
We cannot foresee when, where or how death will come.
I'm lonely when I'm me and I do the rest
If I went away from you
How unhappy I would be
Me and I owe my
self
For the life of me!
For the life of me!
The brand flakes in the final hours
from their new album, Bounces.
And friends, you can get more brand flakes
from the www.thebrandflakes.com
or from box 21104
Seattle, Washington
98111
And now, The Lord's Buffet by Lemur.
Stork, the hoopoe, any kind of great lizard, and any kind of grasshopper, which have legs above their feet, with which to hop on the skink and the chameleon, even of these you may eat, and you shall detest their carcasses, for I am defiled thereby.
Any kind of raven, any kind of locust, the pig, and the gull, that you may eat, because he choose the wall lizard, but doesn't have parted hair, defile yourselves therefore and be holy, for I am defiled.
Any kind of heron, any kind of cricket, the coney, the gecko, and the red kite, if any kind of cricket, of which you may eat, dies, he who eats its clothes shall not be eaten.
He also who carries its clothes shall be broken into pieces, until the evening.
These you shall detest, and you may eat them, they are an abomination.
The weasel, the rat, any kind of black kite, the screech owl, the camel, the eagle, and the vulture, and the black vulture.
That you may eat.
The cormorant, any kind of hawk, the skink, and the chameleon, any kind of katydid, the hare, the horned owl, the great owl, the white owl, the desert owl, the osprey, the little owl, the wall lizard, and the bat.
Make yourselves unclean with them.
Make yourselves abominable with any creeping thing that creeps, for I am the lord that creeps.
Defile yourselves therefore and be holy, for I am creepy.
And the monitor lizard.
Whoever touches the monitor lizard shall be broken into wing creeping things which have four feet, but doesn't have fins and scales in the waters.
For I am the monitor lizard.
Your god.
Executive Order 13013 strengthens the federal government through waste and federal acquisition of products.
The western players live under the immunitary minimum- небольш-

Pq Recuax


minha
All I know is I unearthed my draft card with the 4F stamped on it not long ago.
That 4F is still good.
I doubt if my feet have gotten...
What's a 4F?
4F is your flat foot, flat feet.
Anything else you could have?
Well, that's psychosis, homosexuality.
Well, they didn't have AIDS back then.
Sarcomas from Greece.
Believe it or not.
Bulimia.
Expandable buttocks.
I was number 30 in the lottery.
They were going to ship my ass off to Hamburger Hill and turn me into hamburger.
But instead they shipped off the rest of your body and left your ass back in dear old Tejas.
And was it a wonderful thing for the population of Vietnam?
I don't know.
I have friends who had the best time of their lives serving in the armed forces during the Vietnam War.
Then I have other friends who have to take Valium three times a day because they had the worst time of their lives.
Most people don't like it.
But the ones who do, it's not the war.
It's just the idea that maybe they might die but maybe they won't.
You know, they just get goosed up on it.
Then the rest go, oh, what did I get into here?
This really sucks, you know.
Well, the marijuana on Guam had a lot to do with the good times that I've heard about.
Well, on Iwo Jima in World War II, the pot was so good that they had to keep raising the flag and lowering it and razor it and get the right.
And they could never get the right angles or anything.
That's why that was a four-day shoot.
But most of the opportunities were lost.
The other two opportunities took place on the US of rattlesnake.
Those guys had to pose there holding that flag in place while the guy sculpted them and carved that big rock to match their...
Instead of glorifying it though.
Yeah, I mean that was...
And then they have a ship with the big rock.
Many people will die.
Think about that.
How many people will be dead?
Don't think about it.
Oh hell, we don't care about that.
Geez, death.
We'll be mutilated by the smart bomb.
Death is something that happens to other people in America unless it happens to you.
You know what I mean?
Especially violent death when the sky's red and the water tastes like poison.
And it's poison.
And you can't...
Well, let's not get into it because...
Why can't we just all get a bong?
I've believed that for so long.
That's my credo.
My deepest feeling.
In Vietnam, the media didn't know any better and they went ahead and showed the dead stuff,
the dead things and people on the television.
But you see, nowadays, during that Gulf War mini-series, you didn't see anything too unpleasant.
No.
It was kind of like Star Wars.
Right.
Flying over the Death Star.
Yeah.
You'd see the men with their ray guns.
You'd see these pretty explosions.
The guys with the night vision, you know, the kind of looking scary.
Down there and...
Well, it was all just...
Computer game.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Psychedelic.
And the media people have learned that you keep your blood in your guts with the scary
monster movies and the babysitter murder movies.
Rollercoaster style.
And you keep your romance with those and with the news.
You just keep it...
Yeah.
Just slack for a minute.
Don't they know it's the end of the world?
Well, I've gotten so tired of carrying around that placard that says the world is...
The end is nigh.
That at this point it's like, well, how many times have I drilled for the end of the world
now?
Ever since I was a teenager, really.
Since I was a little kid.
When they had us hide under...
Puffer dome.
Might as well hide under your school desk with the newspaper over your head.
Get a big puff cone.
What a thing to work up to.
Duck and cover.
Duck and cover.
That's all you guys are doing.
It's still just a bunch of duck and cover.
Duck and cover.
Duck and cover.
Whenever an atomic bomb drops, duck and cover and you'll feel just freaking fine.
Hey, man, I think you've got the wrong attitude about this war thing.
I mean, like, I don't know.











How do I Virtually
Know's
whether
it's
gonna


is men cannot know
But boys
learn true secrecy
How to
hide lies
And cracks
in their souls and behind
shaded eyes
That filter all light
through the sins of their fathers
Shining on down
on good sons and daughters
We were true
believers
And this song
of gold
Was a high
holy fever that purified
the soul
But base turned to piss off
All equality of love
As girls dance the go-go
To our golden cow
We borrowed the tune
from the hymns of our fathers
We are not rebels
Just good sons and daughters
Good sons
Good sons and daughters
Good sons
Good sons, yeah
The revolution came
All the revolution went
And I'd never all
just be a fool
That fifty percent
Oh, the truth
that comes from penance
From porno
to rape
And bought
into Hollywood
Hefty slight
Millions of
Maryland's who died for their lovers
Seducing the culture
of good sons and daughters
Good sons
It's time
It's time


Good sons and daughters
Kingdom's
Catchingocol
menti
Have you ever heard
a tea?
I was reading through the paper
And I happened to see
All police are disguised
To look a whole lot like me
And so I started dodging questions
A-line on top of lies
And I thought what I thought
Was a good alibi
I never knew your mother
Your sister or daughter
I ain't no killer
I'm a good son
Yeah, I'm a good son
Yeah, I'm a good son
Yeah, I'm a good son
Yeah, I'm a good son
Yeah, I'm a good son
Yeah, I'm a good son
Yeah, I'm a good son
Yeah, I'm a good son
Yeah, I'm a good son
Yeah, I'm a good son
Yeah, I'm a good son
Yeah, I'm a good son
Yeah, I'm a good son
Yeah, I'm a good son
Yeah, I'm a good son
Yeah, I'm a good son
Yeah, I'm a good son



The Rainmakers, and now, Lemur.
This weekend on BookBand TV.
BookBand starting at noon eastern.
Democrats in the corner.
Look at a BookBanding with Lemur, author of Let's Cry War, Let's Cry Peace, Let's Cry Cry Cry.
Live coverage begins at 3.
Starting at noon.
Only on BookBand TV.
We're talking about space aliens.
If you'd like to join our conversation, numbers are on the screen.
2-0-0 for Republicans, and 2-0-1 for Democrats, and 2-0-2 for space aliens.
I noticed in your article there are a lot of companies that are working on aliens.
If you want to fall in love with an alien, that's basically impractical.
What about worldwide space aliens?
They're based on reality, but they're imaginary.
What other countries besides the U.S. and Russia are in the space aliens?
Brazil is certainly one that might surprise an alien.
India is another, but they're imaginary.
Are there regulations regarding private aliens?
Can anyone shoot up space aliens?
We'll be covering that in some future issues, but there are some folks who are deep in the moon.
Do the space aliens have to pay their full way themselves?
Yes, they do.
Are these just imaginary, or are these actual aliens?
It was a propaganda effort, certainly.
But that's not true.
But the Russians...
Da-da-da-da.
Da-da-da-da.
So there'll be some corporate sponsors.
And where are they finding the aliens?
That's hard.
They're not finding it.
Is NASA funding any of this?
Well, that's the conclusion they came to based on a market study.
One of them asked me where my flag was, and I said it was home in a box where it should be.
Well, but of course it was at home. Where else would it be?
It's the same place we go everywhere.
It's a cold, windy, rainy day.
Of course, of course.
To our own little rooms in Winkyland.
Yes.
Where no one ever goes home.
And there's never any war.
Never.
Ever.
It's all soft and fuzzy and pink.
War is good.
War is good.
War is good.
War is good.
War is good.
Makes Jesus laugh.
Makes the virgin cry.
Makes the children sing.
I love it.

He can blow the sky.
War is good.
War is good.
War is good.
War is good.
And Saint Attila raised the hand grenade up on high, saying,
O Lord, blessed is thy hand grenade,
that with it thou mayst blow thy enemies to tiny bits in thy mercy.
And the Lord did grin,
and the people did feast upon the lambs and sloths and calves
and elderbears and orangutans and breakfast cereals and fruit bats and large bits.
Give up your bits, brother.
I communicate without wires or strings.
I have the evil eye.
I carry the module bag.
I swam the Bermuda Triangle and didn't get wet.
I circumcise dinosaurs with my teeth and make them leave a tip.
I change tires with my tongue and my tool.
Every night I hock up a lunger and extinguish the sun.
I'm the big fitted devil of level 14,
who'll try to blow me down.
I've packed the brownies of the gods.
I am a mole radio.
I am a tomato dragon.
I am the killer whale bereft of its pup.
I have a triple backbone.
I was sired by the wolf man.
Give me all your slack.
I told Jesus I wouldn't go to church and he shook my hand.
I have my own personal saviors.
I change them every hour.
I don't give a have sex with.
If there's life after death,
I want to know if there's even any frigging slack after death.
House wants to know what makes you happy.
What are they stupid?
We allow you to show,
but this man stays a Eig STEP-U Guillem.
H sost extended his sentence from保护罘
and adds on an incredibly touching poem



All this warnin' you brutally.
I've made one my own,
a struggle of love for you all
and one I haven't backuped.
To set you back on the track.
To get home.
Death, death, death Death to the angel of death
Death, death, death Death, death to the angel of
Opposers say death cannot be killed Like the proper defensive skill
Yell it out with an angry sound Saying death, you're going down
Death, death, death Death to the angel of death
Death, death, death Death to the angel of
Death is coming, the end is near Grab a gun, put away the fear
Pull the trigger and blow him away Death, this is your dying day
Death, death, death
Death to the angel of death Death, death, death
Death, death, death Death to the angel of death
I've arrived from the other side To take you away
But can't you see I'm doing my hair?
Well you're dead now, so shut up Says you
Death, death, death Death to the angel of death
Death, death, death
Death, death, Death, death
Death to the angel of death You've succeeded where others failed
Your own life you have availed Then you draw your final breath
Death, death, death Death to the angel of death
Identify yourself in the crow audience Death, death, death
Death, death, death Death to the angel of death
Death, death, death Death to the angel of death
Death, death, death Death to the angel of death

Death, death, death Death to the angel of death


Death to the Angel of Death Death to the Angel of Death
Death to the Angel of Death
Death to the Angel of Death
Death to the Angel of Death
Death to the Angel of Death
Death to the Angel of Death
Death to the Angel of Death
Death to the Angel of Death
Death to the Angel of Death
Death to the Angel of Death
Death to the Angel of Death
Thank you.
The Brand Flakes once again in Trash Can Fun.
Before that, friends, Death to the Angel of Death from Consortium of Genius,
which is at www.consortiumofgenius.com, whereas Brand Flakes are at thebrandflakes.com.
Before that, friends, The Brag of the Subgenius, tweaked up by Dr. Philo Drummond.
I am now going to edit out Chaz and Dave besmirching the reputation of Elvis,
but you won't hear that, only this.
You got the king walking around.
Who would dare shoot the king?
No, I'm not going to listen to this.
I'm not going to listen to you talk about Elvis this way.
Hey, I used to work on the DAE, buddy.
I was a...
All the services were dying to get Elvis to join them.
They wanted, everybody wanted Elvis.
Yeah.
He went for the good old army.
He was...
The old army, regular army.
They tried to recruit him in the Secret Service.
Because he was a regular guy.
He was one of the people.
Yep.
Twice a day, he took a mean one.
He was regular as all get out, or as much as he could get out.
You see, the thing with Elvis...
And then I played Freebird and told them all to run to Canada.
Quickly, get out of the country.
You know, Chance, when I drove over here tonight...
As soon as you can.
I wore this little hat with my hair tucked up in it.
It's a blue hat that says...
Because I was feeling generally paranoid,
and I figured that my long hair and the...
Does it say, I love fishing on it, or what does it say now?
We're an attention getter, you know, of the wrong kind.
Although I then realized that to the cops,
a guy in a Hendrix shirt is probably going to be really harmless.
It's the ones...
It's the ones in the Skinner shirts...
Yeah.
...that they have to worry about.
Yeah, the stars and bars.
I've got it in my mouth.
I've got it in my mouth.
Bye-bye, Fernanda Nde, Limor.
What if the guys who brought over the slaves,
they'll just, like, let the slaves have their drums
and turn it into a big party?
Well, they didn't let them do that.
If you had a drum, they kind of killed you, I think.
And opened up the big...
Instead of opening up a big cotton factory,
opened up the biggest tourist attraction on planet Earth.
Well, guess what I heard?
Well, that's kind of what the U.S. is eventually going to turn into.
Yeah.
A tourist attraction that no one attends
because of threats of terrorism by the government itself
and because of rampant schizophrenia in the streets.
Well, now, that's your problem, Dave.
Yeah.
No, I think 60% of the children in a certain level of school
are on some sort of, like,
turn-in, drop-out, baby.
That's what I'd do if I had a chance.
But I don't know where...
I'm not talking about out in Ashtabula.
Just drop it there?
God, it might not come back.
I mean, we just, like, sink into the slush.
Living in Ashtabula is not dropping out.
Wow, man.
Well, you can drop out while still living in Ashtabula, can't you?
Of course you can even drop out from dropping out
because you didn't end the cycle.
Yeah, yeah.
When you repent and quit your job and slack off,
well, sooner or later, that becomes a job.
Take it from me, kids.
Right.
I mean, if you were to walk down the street naked every day,
wouldn't that soon become a job
and have no slack whatsoever?
The first day, think how much slack there'd be
just to be walking down the street bare naked
to have people going,
get the hell out of here, you know?
Well, the point is, when you're in a bag,
you've got to get out.
A bag?
Yeah, if you find yourself caught up in a bag,
then move.
Cut your way out of the bag.
So now we're thinking out of a box,
but we're being born again into different shapes in a bag.
No, you might just end up in another bag,
but at least it's a change.
Well, it's a change.
You might still end up in yet a bigger bag.
You get out of one trap and you're in a bigger trap.
You pull the wool, their wool, off of your eyes,
but your own wool over your eyes.
What's the difference, you know?
Finally, when you begin pulling the pubic hair over your own eyes,
is the truth finally revealed?
A falsified fact fried in deep fat
and kissed gingerly with three or four maraschino...
Ginger?
...that came back in your head and wiped your broken
OK, that hasien aoken angry.
A few weeks later...
resonate with you again.

Yeah, right...
Oh yeah.

Not the crown
Men will be there
Coming out
No more free will
No more free will
No more free will
No more free will
Would you like to learn to polka?
Yes, we'd like to learn to polka
First you put your arms around her
First you put our arms around her
Then you whirl away like this
Then we whirl away like this
That's the way to polka
B-B-B-B-feld


B-B-B-F-L
It's good if you just want to slap it
It's good if you just want to smack it
B-B-B-F-L
You're doing it the other way

A- nuovo
You're doing it!
Oh, say, интер Rap을

No more free will
No more free will
No more free will
The Brand Flakes
And now, more questions
So are we officially at war now, or what?
All three of us? Yeah, we're having a...
Are we there yet?
I don't think we were officially at war during Vietnam, Chaz.
Right.
No, I don't think we declare wars officially anymore.
We just send a whole lot of guys and they die and then
some politicians wave the flag and get some money suppository.
Security.
I've got some speeches for you to read.
The first one is by Julius Caesar, and the second one is from Hermann Goering.
Because the leader who bangs the drums of war in order to whip
the citizenry into a patriotic fervor,
for patriotism is indeed a double-edged sword.
It both emboldens the blood, emboils the blood,
just as it narrows the mind.
And when the churns of war...
Drums, I'm sorry.
When the dorms of war have reached a fever pitch
and the blood...
Boils with hate and the mind is closed,
the leader will have to need...
Wait.
Will have no need in seizing the rights of the citizenry.
Rather, the citizenry, infused with fear and blinded by patriotism,
will offer up all of their rights unto the leader and gladly so.
How do I know?
Well, this is what I have done.
And I am Caesar.
And that was Julius Caesar.
Well, supposedly.
Oh, Julius Maximus.
I think he too was involved in that one.
Yes, the Lemur posted found that wonderful quote.
See, it goes back a long ways, doesn't it, Stang?
The idea of the consummate Maximus,
the dictator, as you were, as it was, as it is.
Oh, here's a good one.
From Hermann Goering at the Nuremberg trials.
For of course the people don't want war,
but after all it is the leaders of the country who determine the policy,
and it is always a simple matter to drag the...
people along.
Whether it is a democracy, or a fascist dictatorship,
or a parliament, or a communist dictatorship.
Voice or no voice, the people can always be bought
to the bidding of their leaders.
That is easy.
All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked
and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism
and expose the country to danger.
I care for a lozenge here, Goering.
Or as John Ashcroft said,
to those who scare peace-loving people,
with phantoms of lost liberty,
my message is this,
your tactics only aid terrorists,
for they erode our national unity
and diminish our resolve.
That's right, Stang.
Any form of discarnate speech,
or any kind of enveloping, or anything like that,
causes a friction, or a fractility,
in the nation's body politic.
We lose our unity as a mass.
Much the way our bowels lose their expression of will
when the leaders cry.
His voice to us is like the voice of a huge proboscis,
ding-danging his quacking sound and his crying in the rain.
And you know what the horrible, horrible, horrible thing about all this
is at the same time that I get so, you know,
like ticked off of the blatant power,
blatant abuse of our powerlessness
that we all kind of have to sit and watch,
at the same time I find myself going,
gosh, I hope that our young soldiers can kill those soldiers
before they kill our young soldiers.
I hope the sleepy orgasm guns
put them all to sleep in a wanky humor.
Can you believe the weird, you know,
thoughts that you find yourself having?
Because I know a bunch of soldiers
that, you know, they're not being sent out now,
but they're being trained to be sent out.
Young subgenius!
I know a bunch of rebels.
American soldiers!
I know rebel soldiers hiding in the mountains,
waiting for the day when they can pour out like ants
onto your forehead.
And that's worrisome to me, you know.
I know, it is worrisome.
That's the kind of thing that makes me think,
gosh, I hope we really do have super death star bombs
that we haven't, that our wise leaders haven't revealed yet
that we can suddenly just unsheathe
and clobber everybody with.
I would like our...
Strike terror into the hearts of everybody
until terrorists, even in our own country,
destroy everything completely,
and then it's like Planet Games,
Road Warrior, and it'd be cool, man!
It'd be totally cool!
Zero.
You wouldn't have to work.
The sum total of all the sum totalists.
You'd just get up and either rape or pillage,
or be raped or pillaged.
You know, it'd be simple.
You wouldn't have these...
Stang, have you ever been raped and pillaged?
Worksheets you'd have to fill out.
No, they have workshops you have to attend,
and then you fill the worksheets out, either.
It's got a data blank on it, it's got a keep up date...
You would be like in the movies, man!
...thing on the bottom of the margin.
They're trying to prepare us for it.
We are in the movie, Stang.
We are in the worst damn movie ever made.
A movie made by big oil patrols.
By big oil consortiums.
And strange people with lizard eyes.
Yes? Oh, yes.
You look so...
As if it's far-fetched.
No!
How far?
No, I was just thinking how...
Dick Gregory used to say that Hollywood was always preparing you for what's next.
Now, I don't think that Hollywood necessarily does this in cahoots with other them.
Oh, they do. Yes, they do.
I don't know if they mean to, because, you know,
they all have the same pollsters and marketing experts.
Um, Stang...
And they all share the same databases.
Since I was an old guy...
Well, it's not an old guy.
I remember reading it, actually.
I don't know if you've seen it.
That was thousands of years ago.
Remember Jack Valenti, the motion picture industry guy?
I've met Jack Valenti, actually, and shook his hand when I was only 15 years old.
Did you shake his...
I was part of a CIA-sponsored propaganda thing.
As a young filmmaker, that's no baloney, but as you were saying...
You just proved me your point right here.
Jack Valenti, who is in fact, yes, one of what we would term them.
The mole.
Yeah, well, yeah.
The mole in the...
Well, I don't know who's the mole, whether the CIA or Hollywood is the mole.
The American motion picture...
The American information agents.
Oh, wow, what a wonderful title.
Information.
Would take my old stupid claymation film I did when I was really young
and submitted it to film festivals around the world.
I don't know.
I guess as...
The film is about communism and the evil it represents to mankind.
It was only much later that I realized...
...in your collective claymations.
There was something completely else going on that didn't have anything to do with some
stupid kid's claymation movies.
True.
Trueer than you ever could imagine.
Yeah, yeah.
It was really funny.
And of course, that was far, far years, thousands of years later.
Did you hear the new one?
Layers of geological time.
Unimaginable.
Did you hear the new, in this geological era, this Pleistocene magma, the new paranoia
about, say, Burning Man, where you saw the quote-unquote film crew come in there?
Remember the very upscale film crew?
Yeah, yeah.
The scary, the one that scared me.
The scary one.
I saw the devil, yes.
I saw the devil.
Okay.
I have heard other people who have been to festivals and have seen the same, well, they
described them as much the same and said they scared the bejesus out of them.
And they said they had the strong feeling that they were some kind of government goons.
Really?
Well, that's what I heard.
I just got the impression that these were some kind of rich, decadent aristos from some
London disco video world that's beyond my realm of showbiz.
Yeah, that's what they wanted you to think.
The idea was when they point that camera at you, you're being irradiated at about 100
millisquads per squack.
I thought it was just the ass.
Well, the acid was squacking at you too, but that's from a different gene pool.
That's why I don't, you know, when some rich guy looks like the devil to me, I don't take
it real seriously.
I don't do anything about it, you know.
It might creep me out for a minute.
What have you done to his eyes?
There's people that think I'm the rich devil guy.
When the bullet has pierced your helmet.
You know, it's like, whoa.
This is the song you hear.
La, la, la, la, la.
Now, that depends on what movie you're in.
Can you see Laura Bush in it?

Yeah.
Laura Bush with the devil copulating and George sitting by waiting for the new spawn
to come out.
And Laura Bush walks up to you in an angelic little outfit.
Two little slutty daughters.
Dressed.
Each one of them is sucking on one of those heart popsicles.
Come on, play with us.
And they have those weird devil eyes.
Oh, Texas is the spawning ground of spate and in fact, spate and in the head.
Come sleep safe and warm with us.
Yes, Texas is heaven.
Crawl into the baby crib with Grandma Bush for a real treat.
Or a tweet.
Hi, how are you?
Your heart may belong to Jesus, but your ass belongs to the core.
Your ass belongs to W.
I just heard somebody on a Nostradamus program say that either Saddam Hussein, Osama Bin
Laden, or somebody named W. Bus was the antichrist.
They couldn't figure out the last one.
The other ones, it was so easy to get to Osama Bin Laden and Saddam Hussein, but the one that
said W. Bus, they were like going, who could that be?
What happened to that guy?
Yeah, what happened to that Bin Laden guy and what was his name?
Goldstein, that other dude we were supposed to hate.
It seems like they changed the hate hour every month or so now.
Well, Goldstein started another department store and I guess Osama Bin Laden was the one.

Goldstein has a huge number of car lots throughout the Midwest now.
Oh, really?
Oh, yeah.
Starting in Detroit, he started with his empire and worked his way through central Michigan
and now he's everywhere.
Is he in competition with the Noriega car lots?
The Noriega car lots have not been panning out too well over the last three or four years.
Oh, those come out of Bogota.
Yeah, they're going under.
Now, a lot of the worried subgeniuses have been saying, what country should I move to?
Right.
That's a good question.
Belize and Costa Rica come up a lot.
Costa Rica's up.
I've been suggesting Russia.
I've heard since...
It's silly over there now.
It's nuts over there.
It's a complete free-for-all.
If you've got any money...
You can get anything you want.
You can get anything.
You can live like Roman Polanski and Jack Nicholson.
That's really decadent and weird now there.
Yes.
There's a great book called Exile about American expatriates in Russia.
Making their own little communities along the river Don, the river Dnieper and the river
Volga.
Resting quietly in the fading sun.









Before the winter comes and they freeze their American poles to the world.
That's what you get to think about for another...
Happy Americans in Russia?
Weak.
Depatriated?
Yeah.
I thought...
See, I first thought depatriation was something you had to do at a doctor's office.
Like they remove the folds from your butt.
Right.
And then you would never get the folds again.
Right.
So like if your ass was too big, you just go get depatriated and you're like a GQ guy.
You know?
Next thing you know, the women in the Beechwood Mall are like, oh, I'm going to be depatriated.

And then they start like sneering at you and stuff.
The ones that have lips.
That's for the others, Dave.
That's not for those like us who wear the bracelet.
The secret bracelet.
Oh, I saw those advertised on TV late at night.
The secret bracelet?
Yeah.
I noticed Bush was wearing one the other night along with a decoder ring.
And we don't even get one of those special decoder rings.
He could just like whip it up there and go, General Franks.
No, they're like some kind of healing thing or something, I guess.
They say Kennedy was so horny, he would run off and leave the football.
You know, the briefcase with the go codes.
Yeah.
And be, you know, Mr. President, we've got to get you out of here.
I'll be with you in just a moment, boys.
Till next week.
I just want to make sure my bank is perfectly clear.
I don't give a rat to ask what you do.
Keep your sack in the saddle if you want to.
Keep your hat on tight if you want to.
Throw it away.
I don't give a damn.
Keep your hat on tight.
You're back to the window.
Yeah, that was wonderful.
Yeah, it's important.
Yeah.

I don't care.
What do I care?
Was, was watch your ass one of those?
Invert.
Wash your ass.
Invert.
Invert.
In the saddle.
Wash your ass.
Wash your, and oil your saddle.
Oil your saddle well.
And make sure those feet are oiled too, the way Jesus liked to oil his ass.
Keep your back to the wind.
Spit.
And so the Christ would swath it for many of his own testicles in the sad form of
blood.
That he could heal in battle.
You'll feed my child.
Go for it buddy.
Whatever logic that man gives if I can have that much.
Take me home you silly boy, cause I'm still in love with you.
Friends, you are listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack
with Doctors for Bob in the background.
You must write for free information if you don't already have that.
Or you can check www.subgenius.com.
But, but, you can still write to Bob and request that information from
Post Office Box 807 Glen Rose, Texas 76043.
If, however, you have had a body in the house for more than five days,
and if it is safe to go outside,
then you should write to Bob.
You should bury the body for the time being in a trench or cover it with earth
and mark the spot of the burial.
