I have not had time to brainwash you, so listen carefully.
Fantastic things have already happened, and more are getting ready to happen.
This is because the planet on which you're residing has entered the space age.
You are a most unusual individual, and decidedly in the minority.
Oh, another victim of confusion?
Decidedly.
And now, the subgenius hour of SWAC!
I'm going to bypass your forebrain, and appeal directly to your amygdala.
Good morning, and yes, you've won a fabulous eight-hour day. Chain to this machine!
Oh, don't grin! Okay, grin!
Don't grin!
Unfair to kick a man when he's down.
Let's get him up on his feet.
If you're listening to me now, if you hear my voice on the radio,
I want you to feel the inner power of your own SWAC center.
I want you to stand up from where you're sitting now,
and come over to the radio, where you hear my voice reaching out to you.
I want you to feel the inner power of your own SWAC center.
Kill me.
No, you don't kill me.
Go ahead. Kill me.
Kill me.
What the hell do you think you're doing?
It should be painfully obvious by now that the world as we know it won't last too damn much longer.
And what are you doing about it?
Going to work or school?
Coming home?
Goofing around?
What's going to happen to your routine when all the...
comes down on us at once?
Don't you feel responsible for trying to help this endangered planet?
No?
Good.
The fact is, it's too late.
There is one damn thing you as an individual can do about eco-disaster,
nuclear death, overpopulation, and so forth.
Things are going to hell on a fast train,
and about the only thing you, or anyone else besides the Rockefellers,
can do about it is to just sit back and watch the show.
But remember, the end of the world may be much worse and take a whole lot longer than you thought.
The mere act of sitting in your home watching everything fall apart on TV
may be too much for even the stoutest brains to take.
In fact, the more alert and intelligent you are,
the quicker you'll likely be driven to suicide by the sheer hideousness of what you'll be seeing.
Will you be ready?
Will you still be sane enough to laugh with that which must come to pass,
comes to pass?
Will you ever get slack?
Uh, answer yes!
You are now getting Hour of Slack number 818.
Uh, friends, because according to my past-time real clock in the recorded world here,
Happy New Year!
And don't forget to take a look at the huge, huge amount of art,
rants and videos on the subgenius website in this new time.
Uh, yes, well, that was Hell Pope Huey reading the old What the Hell document back there.
And before that, we heard Dr. Neuroburger speaking on the Slack Center,
both from the newly released Media Barrage 11 remix CD.
Of our old tape.
And you're invited for dinner now, friends, with Dr. Leary.
And we'll be having a main course of, of, uh, nuclear, I mean, uh, I mean...
Nuclear is a nuclear explosive, and bring your own meatloaf in desserts.
7 to 9 p.m.
I guess that's, um, I'm sorry.
Did anybody want to go, maybe?
You sure are sorry.
Did you ever laugh and you actually wet the person?
Next to you's pants?
That's what's just happened now, Chip, and no one's here but me.
Of course it is. You know it's like snakes.
The force is with you, young Skywalker.
You are not a chicken.
You know, that's what's here in my mind...
Uh, Dave's still there. Dave, we were listening to music. What were you saying?
I was just saying, in my third nostril, while that music was playing,
I could see, like, these big dogs with huge, circular whirlpool eyes.
And I could, that's all I could think of was you guys up there having that flesh party and stuff.
Yeah?
It was so perfect that I forgot my own imperfections.
The best bounty hunter they got.
Dave, we didn't forget your imperfections for half a second.
I am Bova Fett.
I am Bova Fett.
The ship you seek is nearby.
Beavisette is Darth Vader's right hand man.
Beavisette is Darth Vader's right hand man.
I am Bova Fett.
Those aren't the drugs we're looking for.
Move along.
Move along.
Move along.
Move along.
I remember once in the old days of purgatory and stuff like that, a buddy of mine said,
and they asked him why he took drugs, he said everybody else was doing it,
so he wanted to make sure there was something left, you know, before it was all gone.
How long were you in purgatory, Dave?
Well, they don't let you know the real number.
Oh, you just have to guess, because it...
Huh?
It's upward of thousands of years, right?
Well, for you, it could only be, like, a flash in the oyster.
It could be the same thing as when you buckle up your old kneecaps or maybe take a shave in the morning.
Yeah, man, get with it.
Yeah, I mean, you...
Where you been, dude?
One day, it's your Christmas tree.
The next day, it's, you know, an octopus is strangling you.
You don't really know in actual numbers.
You just got to keep up.
Yeah.
You got to handle the input, man.
You got to surf the input.
That's what it's all about.
It's what Dr. Leary told me.
We're learning, of course, that the Darwinian theory of evolution,
which is based upon natural selection, based upon blind chance,
is a pretty dumb theory of evolution,
not the one that's going to lead us proudly with our shoulders and heads
into the 21st century.
One of the ways evolution works is humor.
Young forms look at the old forms and say,
hell no, we won't go.
Young dinosaurs look at old dinosaurs slogging around in the swamp,
like J. Edgar Hoover or Ronald Reagan, and say, hell no, we won't go.
So, some of our functions to make fun of an adult species,
I'm sure in enlightened Minneapolis-St. Paul,
I can take a risky position and make fun
of the number one sacred icon of American media,
a man who's so revered, who's so upstanding,
that he can only be seen as a miracle of modern merchandising and marketing.
There's the person I want to make fun of at the moment.
Have you ever noticed how much the Pope looks like Tom Landry?
I'm not here to make enemies, I don't want to offend anyone, but still.
And I like the Pope, I think he's the finest mind of the 12th century.
He regularly gives those marital counseling things every Wednesday,
he tells people that according to St. Paul and St. Augustine,
this is how you should handle your domestic relationships.
The Pope actually did say that it was a mortal sin for a husband to lust after his wife.
It never occurred to St. Paul that the wife was a mortal sin.
The wife might want to lust after the husband, did it?
As part of this endemic, and it really is an awesome epidemic of deliberate stupidity
that is laid upon us by the media, by the press, by the magazines and so forth,
they simply do not raise any of the issues that will challenge our interest, our intelligence.
Now when the Pope got wounded, I was very, very sorry
that the Pope was not a mortal sin.
I was shot. I'm against violence.
I think all violent people that like guns should be put in spaceships,
and in wonderful, comfortable, luxurious spaceships with non-ricochet corners and sent up to space.
Or we should all get in luxurious spaceships and we could go to space and let them have the planet.
So...
Folks really want to believe that the Martians are coming.
They're bored, they want some excitement, and after all,
they come here because this is the closest thing that they can get to actually being on the planet Mars.
Now let's talk about this internet thing.
Which internet thing?
Well, they had a thing on news tonight.
It was like a regular show.
They took up, it was Channel 5 or something, did a whole thing all night long.
It's that thing about Stang being so paranoid.
Yeah, that was it.
It was actually all about the internet.
Wasn't Stang paranoid?
Wasn't Hitler?
And how child molesters, you know, your children,


they were children in the internet.
And what they had was one of the guys who worked there,
they had a camera on him the whole time,
and he was online in the teen chat rooms on AOL trying to get people to pick him up.
Right.
And pretending like he was a little girl or something like that.
And then they were reporting, they'd come back with a microphone and go,
this just in.
Well, well Sally, over 12 people have propositioned me.
They've asked me my age.
And my sex.
And they've sent me links to very questionable websites.
Your children are in danger from the internet.
Oh my God, sausage links sent and delivered.
That is satanic.
The internet will destroy your children.
Can you imagine what these children are doing with these sausage links?
These satanic links?
Yeah, but that was a television show you were watching, right?
Well, it was like a shock TV news thing.
Yeah, well the movies, you know,
they thought television was going to wipe them out,
so they came up with CinemaScope and 3D and so forth.
And then entertainment.
Well, whatever happened to the old adage, don't talk to strangers?
Is it any different on the street than it is in the...
Well, once again, you're not allowed to be responsible for yourself anymore.
Right, that's exactly the point.
Somebody else has to take care of you by making sure there is nothing
that you might accidentally do to yourself.
Don't you think?
Like, see nipples.
Don't you think any dubious person anywhere, perhaps in the laundromat
or perhaps just walking errantly down the street should be stopped
and inspected to see if there are any child, vast semen or glandular orifices on their penis?
Possibly.
I do.
Hello, you're on the air.
Hello.
A couple of things.
First, I saw a few minutes of that special and, you know,
Channel 5 was acting as if they had just suddenly realized,
oh my God, the internet is dangerous.
Yeah, right.
This whole thing wasn't...
Yes, this is what happened.
Right.
Yeah.
It's like this whole thing wasn't fully covered in...
It's also like I read that they set up one of those i-Team reporter thing type thing.
Provocatourism.
They set up some kid working at a CD store and they sent with a camera some little kid in and said,
even if I'm not old enough to buy, you know, the Fuck Your Mama CD,
will you sell it to me anyway?
And the kid was like, oh, I don't care.
I'll sell you anything.
You know?
Like a real American.
Yeah.
That's what America is all about.
I'll sell you anything.
That's right.
Don't you see what this is all about anyway?
And then they even mention, wait a minute, they even mention that there's a blessed parental discretion sticker on there.
But yet, did the news people say anything about that?
The sticker says parental discretion, not store clerk.
Oh, my dear friends, you don't understand.
We have reached the days...
Not poor schmuck that goes to high school and is just trying to make a few bucks to take his girlfriend on on a weekend.
And thinks the record's cool.
Yeah.
This is, this is provocatourism.
Parents, parents, go after the stupid parents, you moron.
The world has reached this level now.
All of these news agencies do as...
Oh, as a bum...
Throw Mom and Dad in jail.
Throw Pee-wee in jail.
Carl Monday.
Pee-wee died for you.
They're never going to go after Mom and Dad because Mom and Dad are the people that are trying to get to watch the broadcast.
They're the ones in the closet shooting the footage.
Delivering them to the sponsors.
They're the ones knitting the fuzzy pink socks for you.
You slander.
Yeah, and it's never their fault.
It's always your children are being threatened by this evil outside...
You're threatening my children with evil fornication, buddy?
Get this guy off the line.
He's threatening my childhood with fornication and evil.
Your childhood is, it's way too late for your childhood there, okay?
It's already been blackened.
Besmirched.
Forget it.
No.
You don't have to get every thought you've ever had in your life in, in 20 minutes.
Chaz, you just did that when you referred to that humble Iroquamo you were speaking to.
Oh, I only do it though every once in a while.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, huh?
Atari 2600?
Is it 2600 now?
No, we're not on military time unless you're in Kaboola or perhaps Kanduz.
Hello?
What are some of those other delightful names that ring off our tongues like little silver sandals?
Alekandibu.
Apostun.
Malahunia.
Turkmen.
And I am the Emperor...
Azmeketh?
Jalalabad.
Jalalabad.
...of Blue.
I am the Emperor of Blue.
Jalalabad.
Jalalabad.
I am the Emperor of Blue.
Who are you?
So, so the way that we can get...
I am the Pakistani Minister of Art and Science.
I have discovered in the very old Quran...
...a certain passage which limits us in a certain way which we can only express as...
What is your quest?
I guess, I guess then the only people will accept the internet when they come up with something even worse for our kids.
You know, the way as Stang pointed out, the, the, the, the TVs were criticized, you know, the movies were criticized...
Yeah.
Yeah.
What is the internet going to be scared of?
The cube.
The direct neural stimulation.
Yeah.
The hollow cube neural...
That is what we need to do to avert this child's organophilia.
A direct neural butt plug.
The hollow...
Well, that would work as well too.
A lot of children enter your anal areas as a form of erotic exposure.
Then we could do that.
Straight up, all the way to the brain.
Right, the fuzz buzz right up from the...
Wow.
Yeah.
Wow, wow.
Man.
And they would come back from...
Wait till they take that catheter out, baby.
It's gonna tickle.
...the electric goose will conquer the world.
I can't wait for the one that goes up to 11.
Excuse me.
Sorry.
Some of the, some of the children grew up straight and strong...
Yeah.
...like those weeds there in old Granny Dingy's yard.
But other children grew up all twisted and slimy like the backyard over there filled with festering...
Your mind is ours.
...like a snake.
Yeah, I just wanted to say that, that one of you is doing a great imitation of the Fireside Theater tonight.
Who? What?
Who?
That it is.
The what?
I'll be ding-dong darned.
What channel is he listening to?
I think he's had his...
That was the barber shop for kids.
...most fun.
The television will not be revolutionized.
Oh, friends.
But you know, and people get paranoid.
They go,
Oh, I'm afraid to have a TV in my house or turn on the internet because the TV might watch me back.
Oh, the government, they're always watching you.
That television might, they might be watching some special cameras and recording all my internet transactions.
Friends, they don't need to watch you through television or the internet because as long as you're sitting on their butt, on your butt, watching TV, they know what you're doing.
They know where you are.
They know where you are.
You're safe, man.
As long as you're sitting there watching TV or just reading something, well, hell no.
They're, you're safe.
You're, that's easy enough.
But friends, how do you go about fighting the conspiracy?
Do you, you know, do the Tim McVeigh route and, uh, and blow things up only not get caught?
Do you, uh, well, wouldn't that be just like what they did?
Or do you work from the inside?
You know, go to college and get a good education, try to change things from the inside.
Well, you know, it's funny how that always works out.
You end up turning into your parents no matter what.
Is there hope?
Is there hope, friends?
Well, um, yeah, sure, if you get off your butt.
Now, we expect, see, here's the problem with our religion.
We thought that we only had to stay alive and deal with the conspiracy for a limited time.
Because Bob Dobbs, our prophet, said that the world was going to end on July 5th, 1998.
Those Axis from Planet X would come down and lift up all the news-paying believer subgeniuses
into an infinite slack forever.
Plus, we'd get to take revenge on all the normals down below.
Well, needless to say, we've been disappointed year after year after year.
And so after a while, we started thinking, maybe Bob's got an important lesson for us here, friends.
Maybe Bob is saying we don't, better not depend on invisible monsters up in the sky to save us,
or fancy little aliens and spaceships that make deals with the government.
We shouldn't even trust grinning pipe-smoking salesmen.
Because yes, as hard as it is to believe, even a preacher can lie or fuck up.
And so we thought, okay, we'll screw the aliens.
We will do it.
We'll have a new cause, a new world.
We will build our own ships.
We'll build our own spaceships.
Well, of course, then we found out how dangerous they were.
A few of us got our fingers blown off, and we put Dave inside that big dumpster
and set off all those bottle rockets tied to it.
Look what happened to him.
And so, friends, then we had to change our plans a little bit more.
We thought, goddammit, okay, we can't build a rocket ship and escape this drudgery.
We'll just take a vacation to Amsterdam.
Yeah, that's it.
So we started doing church field trips to Amsterdam.
And by god, that was fairly close to the kind of slack we'd been dreaming of.
But then we found out they've got cops there, too.
And it's not all legal.
So then we realized, no, if we can't, if building our own ships is too expensive,
and stealing our own ships is too dangerous,
and building our own Amsterdam, moving to Amsterdam is too expensive,
we will build our own Amsterdam, friends.
And actually, if you think about it, that is exactly what's up here at Starwood tonight.
We have built our own Amsterdam.
And that's why you find out that Bob only has one real rule, and it is a true rule.
It's a rule you can live by, and that rule is, fuck them if they can't take a joke.
Praise Bob.
Strangely enough, those really are words to live by.
Bob said a lot of funny shit like,
too much is always better than not enough.
Try living by that one.
Pull the wool over your own eyes and relax in the safety of your own delusions.
Well, that sounds real good, but actually that's kind of what the conspiracy had you doing all along anyway.
Friends, when you find the slack of Bob, you're going to find it in your own way.
In fact, you'll probably have given up on Bob Dobbs to give you any easy answers.
Because there are no easy answers.
Rush Limbaugh will give you simple answers.
He loves to make the complex simple.
Well, friends, we happen to think the complex is complex.
In fact, we like it that way.
We like things to be complicated and intricate, if that's the kind of thing you're into.
Like those psychedelic videos up on the wall.
By God.
Well, I'm going to spell on you.
It's a magical crowd, right?
Ooh, because you're mine.
It's time for things to do.
Ooh.
I like you.
I like you.
I can't stand the world around.
I can't stand the putting down.
I'm going to spell on you.
Ooh.
Because you're mine.
Because you're mine.

Say it out loud.
Say it.
Say it.
Peek-a-boo.
I can see you.
And I know what you do.
Bob is that big, all pervasive figure that encompasses spuddom on planet Earth.
And what is spuddom?
It's the human condition.
It's things falling apart.
It's fat ladies in double-knit jumpsuits beating their kids in Kroger's.
Now, that ain't very nice, mister.
Those guys are protecting you from yourself.
Like if you was loose, you're liable to walk into a fist or something.
What's going to happen to your children?
What's going to happen to your children?
What's going to happen to you when this society we've created,
when this society we've created,
air conditioners,
air conditioners,
station wagons with wooden sides,
station wagons with wooden sides,
cautious indeed,
a retired actor,
orange hair,
a political politician,
orange hair,
what happens when that collapses?
What happens when your daughter ain't worth a damn?
What happens when your daughter ain't worth a damn?
That's when the man from Planet X-9,
I'm down to save the members of the subgenius church.
But until that day,
the power and wisdom of Bob can help us break their mind control
by activating that mutant gland that we all have within us.
Yes.
We have a covenant with Wotan,
and it is the sacred grudge chore of the subgenius to smite the conspirators
and their slavish dupes,
the mediocratons,
the stupid pink boys,
the hoi-boloi,
them,
the normals,
the other...




baptized in electronic water.
Chronical sons and beautiful daughters,
with smiles and bows and rosy cheeks,
and a righteous path to death to the freaks.
Do you feel the power?
Do you feel the power?
Yes.
The man's voice sounds reassuring,
completely thorough and so alluring.
He's lived a thousand times before
and seen the world before before.
The calmness and tranquility
that oozes credibility,
the delusiveness and the confidence
that seamlessly knock common sense
and it makes you feel just like a babe,
daddy holding you tight and safe.
Hey, everything's alright,
daddy's gonna stay with you tonight.
Now he's got you by the balls,
he can sell you anything and all.
Immorality, diamond rings, genocide,
magazine, religion,
two thousand apologies,
and the end of a democracy.
It's a new generation,
it's divine inspiration,
always ready to follow,
never willing to swallow,
all the doctor's prescriptions,
all the mystic inscriptions.
It's a spandex obsession,
it's a lasting impression,
it's the calm meditation
of a tranquilized patient.
It's a hallucination,
it's a new generation,
it's a new generation,
it's a new generation,
it's a new generation,
it's a new generation.
ELECTRIC HISTORY
guitar solo
guitar solo
Yes, friends, oingo boingo from boy and go.
Before that, many cuts by the old-timey subgeni from Media Barrage 11,
such as Pope David N. Meyer, Dr. Dr. Mr. M.D.,
in his very first sermon, 1982 or so,
we heard also Reverend Mark Mothersbaugh on the church,
about 1983 or so,
filmed by Larry Sulkis, who wrote Ghosts of Mars just recently.
And before that, friends, I put a spell on you.
The classic Screamin' Jay Hawkins song performed by Einstein's Secret Orchestra
at the Starwood Festival of 2001,
preceded by preaching by me and Dr. Timothy Leary
from a 1987 or so Minneapolis lecture,
which is on a new CD from Ace here in Cleveland.
I helped put this project together.
It's a CD called Cheerleader for Change.
And you can get information about Ace
and their other materials at www.rosencomet.com.
That's R-O-S-E-N-C-E-R-O-S-E-N-C-O-M-E-T.

R-O-S-E-N-C-O-M-E-T.com.
www.rosencomet.com.
But wait!
Something is coming in on the interocitor!
Oh, it's a new image by Dr. Legume.
Yes, the 3D artist Dr. Katadon Legume
has created an image on the internet here.
Especially just for Christmas.
It's very holiday-y.
It appears to be a bowl full of amputated bodies.
Romantic, even.
It appears to be a bowl full of amputated bodies.

Romantic, even.

That I'd rather not even look at any longer.
Although they are very well sculpted and rendered.
They're identical.
That's how you know it's a 3D model.
It's not the only way to tell anymore.
Who are the alien creatures looking on at the bowl of penises?
When you look at a crowd on TV
and there's three or four people in the background
that look exactly like,
that's when you know it's fake news.
Totally fake.
Like when they have red eyes and stuff, too?
No, no.
Oh, you don't even see that anymore.
They get rid of that.
I've got a red eye removing program for now.
What about the scenes of the masses of people that are all like waif-like?
You can do a translation almost.
That's what had me concerned.
That was last year, but you never see that anymore.
That's on the old stock footage of the fake news, the computer-generated news.
Every now and then, you'll see somebody run by,
and their arm will seem disconnected from their body just slightly for a couple of frames.
Right, right.
That's one of the giveaways, just the way that it's a rendering problem.
It's amazing that they can do it that fast for live TV.
I've seen the head elongation.
I've never seen an arm or hand come undone.
They can do an entire crowd running from a collapsing building on TV and make it.
Or not.
Well, that's how they did the World Trade Center, isn't it?
No, that one was probably real, but parts of it were real.
Then parts of it, you just don't know.
What do those words mean to you?
People.
200 million of survival.
People.
One door, all for one state.
A land of laws.
A genius system that checks and balances.
That allows no man to be a man.
That lets no group prevail.
That their power is not created.
A real concern in the country.
A land of laws.
And it's an income.
Most people's only goal is to fair the lays.
It's dissimilar to the economic picture of that school.

strongly opinions about their実кая decisiveness.

I simply want to be a leader in this country.

I knew white America was gonna break,
that many were gonna break.
Well, athletes, whether they're huge or small,

The American people have now spoken,
but it's going to take a little while to determine exactly what they said.
Friends, and the only thing sicker than what the networks did with it
is this very, very strange homage or whatever
by Chris Corden.
I put my hand in my pocket.
How much do I feel?
110 stories of concrete and steel.
I like to play.
Too much.
That plane-shaped pole really gets me hot,
but the big ball of fire is the money shot.
I like too much.
I like too much the plane going in.
I like too much the flame shooting out.
People dying.
I like too much the fire going in.
While I play with my meat,
my steel melted and my tower is coming down.
I like too much the plane going in.
My tower is coming down.
I like too much the plane going in.
The glowing glow of a cloud Let me rise on thesteel again.

I like too much the plane going in.
I like too much the plane going in.
The Brock Fugilesדי Club fans said That the cemetery is darüber died structural,


and if you want to see the Hun schmuck at the testing site on an antipersu mai Turn the light on and later gun.
The New York skyline will never be the same, but the guys who flew those planes have a
fucking amazing name.
I like to watch.
I like to watch.
There must have been a reason, but I don't understand why they hit the Pentagon instead
of Disneyland.
I like to watch.
I like to watch.
I like to watch.
The plane going in.
I like to watch.
The flame shooting out.
It's raining broken glass while I sit on my ass.
My steel melted and my tower is coming down.
I almost had enough of watching planes explode until they showed it in reverse.





And I had to shoot my load
I like to watch
I like to watch
I like to watch
Now my hands all sticky
And I cannot find a rag
I guess I'll have to use
The American flag
I like to watch
I like to watch
I like to watch
I like to watch
The plane going in
I like to watch
The plane shooting out
People dive into the street
While I play with my meat
My steel melted
And my tower is coming down
This is all I ever needed
I'm on a journey

To school

To work
To be an astronaut
I'm alone


As I saw
Mrsацию
And I pray

And I grow lidt
and you can find them on the web
at www.churchofeuthanasia.org
and church of euthanasia
well look up the word euthanasia
it's all one word
churchofeuthanasia.org
and now let's let Dr. Tim
put in his endorsements
I'm certainly not here to
you know to endorse
people shooting the Pope
but I was amazed
and amused by
our intelligent opinion leaders
like Barbara
Barbara Cronkite
is that her name?
Walter
Walter
what's gone wrong?
what's gone wrong
with human nature?
the Pope
who would want
to shoot the Pope?
well for starters
let's look at
yeah
there are
600 million people
fundamentalist
Arabs are like fundamentalist Christians
they actually believe that that book written
several hundred or more years ago
is the total word of God
to a fundamentalist
I don't want to insult any
liberal left wing acid dropping Arabs
in the room
laughter
laughter
laughter
laughter
laughter





laughter
there's one
there's one
there's one
there's one
but for a fundamentalist
Bible thumping Arab
or Christian
it's the same thing
they actually believe
that the way to get to heaven
you know
is guaranteed
to kill a Christian
or as an added attraction
if you don't kill a Christian
if you die
trying to kill a Christian
you go to heaven
well that
that
um
um
we interrupt this program
to bring you
an emergency news bulletin
repeat
this is an emergency bulletin
emergency
emergency
emergency




just a few moments ago
Godzilla appeared at
Corolla Beach
it is presently moving
toward Nagoya
we will be issuing
emergency instructions
keep your television
and radio turned on
music
music
music
music
music

music

Snap, quackle, quackle.
And go punch the booth.
I am insane.
Now I like waffle.
Now I like waffle.
Now I like waffle.
Tastes like homemade waffle.
But if I had it my way, I'd make them crunch.
The End
Uh, Crunch.
Crunch was the name of that excerpt by someone called Saint Alio.
Or Stalio. I don't know.
It was posted to Alt Binary Slack by the Queejeebo cartel.
What next, friends? I'm not sure.
Well, first I should mention to you that this background music
is Einstein's secret orchestra
from their CD, Witch Disco,
which is now released by the Subgenius Foundation.
And, uh, yeah, strangely enough,
this is an all-instrumental CD
by Einstein's secret orchestra,
which also does ESO Swamp Radio
from WCSB here in Cleveland,
at Cleveland State University.
And, friends, I think I know what I'm gonna do.
I'm gonna play you a good dose of Bleepo, Dave, Chaz, and Wee!
You do, and it'll be the biggest mistake you ever made,
you Texas brush popper.
Last night while I was masturbating in the bathtub,
I dreamed that Bleepo was gonna stick on Harry Poop Eye,
or Harry Poop, or whatever his name is,
and we would all join in in a merry entourage and dialogue.
Mental-mentalize.
That's weird.
Because, you know, in the book...
That's so weird.
Now, look, this is the thing that really got me about the book.
There's an elf who every mistake he makes
keeps on making him more lucky,
and the name of the elf is Dobby.
Dobby?
Yeah, I kid you not.
I kid you not.
Dobby's a very important animal, uh, creature.
I won't, you know, I won't give away any plot things here, but...
My, oh, my.
Dobby plays a very major role.
Dobbies in, uh, Celtic history are a type of...
They're a species, a sub-species,
a sub-species of leprechaun.
Really?
With a forked tail.
Ah.
And little...
Oh, voracious aperture.
Antler-like horns.
For Hunan beans, too.
Huh.
For Hunan beans.
Well, he starts out kind of menacing,
but then, in a sense, in a sort of an elfish sense,
not menacing, but you're not sure whether he's a good elf or a bad elf,
and then, you know, you find out that he is basically a good elf
who is forced to work for bad people.
Well, they have car salesman elves, too.
Yep.
They're kind of cheap, not direct.
Aren't we all...
Aren't we all good elves forced to work for bad people?
Really?
Nobody wants to see that face anymore.
Poster of Dobbs, go away.
Subgenius guru, he just makes me bored.
Poster of Dobbs, go away.
Big white woke hand, great old god of the north.
He's a real mean god.
Stole my soul, made me sing this song.
Now all I do is cry.
Oh, you poster of Dobbs.
Oh, you scary, scary poster.
Oh, you poster of Dobbs.
What color is it?
What color paper?
If you just rolled it up and burned the thing, I'd feel a little safer.
It's black and white, but never red.
It's just the picture of just a head.
My wall is empty and my bank account's bled.
I mean this bad, but I wish I was dead.
Oh, you poster of Dobbs.
Oh, you scary, scary poster.
Oh, you poster of Dobbs.
Oh, you scary, scary poster.
Oh, you poster of Dobbs.
Why did you do this to me?
Now I've seen everything I've ever wanted to see.
Now I'm everything I've ever wanted to be.
Poster of Dobbs, when will I be free?
The grin is friendly, but I know it's a lie.
Excuse me while I twitch and die.
Oh, you poster of Dobbs.
Oh, you scary, scary poster.
Oh, you poster of Dobbs.
Oh, you poster of Dobbs.
Wee, friends, that was Gary Gobofam,
the great Gary Gobofam of the band that dare not speak its name.
And I should also mention that some of the wonderful sounds and clips that we've been hearing
were posted to Alt Binary Slack by Zinu, I-M-B-J-R, and Reverend Tesla Coyle.
Now there's this band, I'm going to play this song by a band discovered in Fort Worth
by our good friends Doc Froth and Sister Decadence called The Necrotones.
They're one of those, well, it's not exactly, it's kind of like lounge goth.
I think you can imagine what you need to know from this.
Thank you. Good evening, darlings.
I'm Necrophilia, diva of the dead.
And yes, we are the Necrotones.
You know, I was talking with a cool friend of mine the other evening,
and she said, Necky, love the act, the band's great, the music swings,
but there's one thing I just don't understand.
You play songs by bands that are considered dead,
or songs by bands that have experienced the spectacular rock and roll death,
or, well, songs about death.
What's up with that?
Morticia, I said.
Lift the lid, bitch, get a clue.
I've left the deck.
I love the dead for their comb,
the blueing flesh for meat to hold.
Cadaverize upon me, see nothing.
I love the dead before they rise.
No farewells, no goodbyes.
I never even knew your now rotting face.
While friends and lovers mourn your silly grave,
I have other uses for you, darling.
La la la la la la la


La la la lalalalalalalalalaalala
ha lalalalalalalal française
tas ahips
Desaider
Desaider
Desaider
Desaider
Day to day to day to day
I love the dead
So
I love the dead
I love the dead
I love the dead
So
Don't grit!
Okay, grit!
Don't grit!
AHHHHHHHHH!
Mahala
Mahala Mosra
Tama
Tama Mosra
Tama Mosra
Lava
Kuela Labana
Lava
Kuela Labana
Mahala
Mahala Mosra
Tama
Tama Mosra
Gaylord M. Falker?
Gaylord?
What?
Gaylord?
Yeah, that's me.
I thought your name was Greg.
It is.
That's not what it says on the phone.
I know.
It's my legal name.
Nobody's called me by it since I was in third grade.
All right, whatever.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
See, your name's Gay Falker.
What?
I have a story I need to tell.
It's kind of boring, but I know it well.
The phone rings at 9 a.m.
It wakes me up, so I answer it.
There's a lady on the other end
Speaking very quickly something like this
A bunch of words, a bunch of words
Ron's appliance
And then another bunch of words
I kindly mention
She has the wrong number
No, I doubt 5516278
Says the hurried voice
Correcting me
Assuring me
I'm Ron's appliance
I think about it
I think about it

I think about it
Perhaps she's right
Perhaps I've forgotten
I live in an appliance store
No, I decide
After looking around my living room
This is no appliance store
I am not Ron
With newfound confidence
I speak to her
Like a
I'm Ron's appliance
Patient stranger to a
Wrong number
I'm sure you dialed wrong
This is 5516178
I emphasize the second one
I sense her illusioned reality
Is crashing swiftly before her
But not before she gets the last word in
Oh
And then she asks me to tell her
She hangs up the phone
She hangs up the phone
Say y'all
Ron's Appliance by Sherry Elf
The strange Sherry Elf
And you can get information on her music
From www.sherryelf.com
And that Sherry Elf is like one word
And here it is spelt
S-H-A-R-Y-E-L-F
S-H-A-R-Y-E-L-F
As in Frank Sherry Elf
And this background music of course is
By Einstein's Secret Orchestra
From their Witch Disco CD
And now I am EJR
It's also very exciting to know
ein maximum der
Sie an der
Jetzt矄�요
I got this
I just like to go get to eardrums
So my voice
I respect theWhiteB확
I don't get to eardrums
Oh my god, there was this guy, and he came over and he was like,
Wee!
Oh my god, I went over to my mom and she was like,
Wee!
I was so afraid because I went over and I said,
Hey, Dad, wee!
Oh my god, then there was this guy, and he goes,
Hey, I got a knife and I go,
Wee!
So I went up to a sub-gangster and he was like,
Yo, motherfucker, wee!
Yo, I saw a dude on the street and he was like,
Wee, bitch!
Yo, I saw this kid on a wheelchair and he was going down the hill really fast,
and he was like,
Wee!
Yo, I was watching a movie in the theater and this guy,
he was like,
Oh, I got popcorn!
And I was like,
Oh my god, wee!
When you're a kid and you wanna go wee,
but you ain't got drugs yet.
You hold on for your life.
Hold on to your little gonads in strife.
Gonads in strife.
Go hands in strife, go hands in strife, go hands in strife
Go hands in the lightning, in the lightning, in the rain
Whee!
Yo, I saw a squirrel across the street and it got in my car, so it was like, whee, whee!
That was Whee by Three Brain.
And don't ask me, friends.
Let's now join Reverend Bleepo Abernathy, Lonesome Cowboy Dave, and Professor Chaz Smith
to learn what has happened to the voices in our heads.
The voices in our head have become the voices that we speak with.
The voices have become one.
It's just a...
Uh, yes.
It's just a...
Here it is again.
Oh!
Lonesome Cowboy Dave!
These are deadly.
Bill Abernathy!
There he's a desperado.
Oh, we gotta wait for the next chorus to keep doing the rundown.
Before that, we'll come back to the other part.
We're gonna have to wait until they sing Desperado 8-Minute.
Or even once, for that matter.
Or even thrice, for that matter.
Giving you and yours comfort.
And divers.
Like a voice in a mist from above.
They look down their lives.
They look down their shoes.
They look down their lives.
They look with a pale, pale sky.
Here it is.
Ready, Dave?
Ready, Dave?
And princess, we are dome.
A desperado.
And Professor...
A desperado friends and Professor Chad Smith dances with rockets.
He's a desperado.
He's a desperate man.
I am a desperado.
I am a desperado.


Force.
Right here.
Proof.
And you,
the listener,
are a rubber-faced
walking acid flashback.
And all of us,
each and every one of us,
together
in this
strange world
are desperados.
We are all desperados.
We are all desperados.
My God, we're desperados.
Waiting.
Waiting.
Where is the train?
Have you got a ticket, my friend?
The conductor's coming.
Bye-bye.
We've dreamed us up a kitchen.
And sang another verse
to that old song.
Come on, Jack.
That son of a gun's a-coming.
Like desperados
waiting for the train.
The path of the righteous man
is beset on all sides
by the inequities of the selfish
and the tyranny of mob.
You're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
For more information about the Church of the Subgenius,
write to Bob at P.O. Box 1403-06,
Dallas, Texas 75214,
or visit the Subgenius website.
at subgenius.com.
Thank you for listening.
And praise Bob.
And I say, as long as you're alive,
shout, make noise,
or whatever,
because we don't care.
Praise Bob.
You shut up like hell.
Long cow, Dave.
Don't you know?
Don't you know what they're doing to yourself?
