A beginning is a very delicate time.
Strange things began to take place.
Flying saucers seen over Washington, D.C.
I understand, Colonel, you've been on tap, tap, tap.
The Earth people who can think are so frightened by those who cannot.
It's been absolutely impossible to work through these Earth creatures.
Their soul is too controlled.
Kill him!
I'm the Jet.
The subgenius.
Power of the Sun.
You ain't gonna find him in there.
And now for the first time, we are bringing to you the full story of what happened.
We are all interested in the future, for that is where you and I are going to spend the rest of our lives.
And remember, my friends,
future events such as these will affect you in the future.
You are interested in the unknown, the mysterious, the unexplainable.
That is why you are here.
It was a light coming down from the sky.
I don't know who or why.
We've been around for, well, we've been public since 1980.
That was when we printed our first pamphlet.
And then the book of the subgenius came out in 1983.
Now, all through the 80s, it was really just kind of a club of nerdy, over-white boys.
As you might well imagine.
It looked kind of like a GWAR concert.
But we lied and presented it as a sex cult, like the Raelians that you may have heard of.
Oh yeah, right, right, Rael.
And then they wanted to clone themselves.
Well, you know, it's like a building.
They build it and they will come.
And sure enough, it turns out there are a lot of lonely mutants out there
looking for a mutant of the opposite or otherwise desired sex or species.
And we started having these yearly events, which we call X-Day drills.
Did you know the world ends July 5th?
No, I did not know that.
Yeah, Bob predicted a long time ago that the world ends on July 5th, 1998.
1998 at 7 a.m.
1998.
Yeah.
Now, obviously, the conspiracy of the normal people has been fooling with calendars for who knows how long.
Well, this is true, yeah.
Just to embarrass Bob.
And it's obviously really not 1998 yet.
Well, then there was the Romans that screwed it up, too.
You know what I mean?
You always blame the Romans.
Yeah, it's a real mess.
We don't really know what year this is or what planet this is, even.
But we get together at different campgrounds.
And we have these in-house meetings.
We have these end-of-the-world drills.
Cool.
Every July 5th, we do what you would do if you thought the world was about to end.
What does one do on a drill?
I mean, where the world ends?
I mean, just kind of run around screaming?
It's up to you.
I mean, things you wouldn't do on a normal day at work.
Well, I can think of a lot of things I wouldn't do on a normal day at work.
You know, like eat three helpings of ice cream instead of just one.
Really wild stuff like that.
People turning south from the freeway
were startled when they saw three flying saucers high over Hollywood Boulevard.
With your ancient juvenile minds,
you have developed explosives too fast for your minds to conceive what you are doing.
Then they attacked a town.
A small town, I'll admit.
But nevertheless, a town of people.
People who died.
Must be those strangers that come every night
Those saucer-shaped lights put people uptight
Leave blue-green footprints that glow in the dark
I hope they get home alright
Aside from the church declaring war on God and trying to change all human nature,
which is also what every peacenik wants, I guess,
is to change human nature and make us so we're not chimpanzees or even primates anymore.
Good luck on that.
But actually, Bob promises the end
of warfare for all who have become ordained subgenius ministers,
which only cost $30,
on X-Day, July 5th, 1998,
if the real 1998 ever gets here.
That's how big the conspiracy is!
That's how insidious it is!
You think this is, what, July 29th, 2008,
if that's what it's supposed to be.
But we don't really know what year this is.
We don't even know what planet this is.
If I could tell you that Earth was switched with Mars,
and World War II was nothing but a diversion to hide that slight of planet trick,
and you would laugh, some of you, if it were that funny,
but it's fucking true!
That's the horrible thing about it!
And if you don't believe me, the evidence is in our new book, The Bobliographon.
I'm sure the evidence is also in the Bible.
As far as I can tell, the evidence for anything is in the Bible.
And our books are the same way.
They're vague, they're full of generalizations,
and terrible, wrathful things,
which suddenly turn into peacenik, nice things,
and there's a lot of sex, and killing.
So, you know, and what we have that the Bible doesn't?
Pictures.
That's a selling point.
Our books have pictures.
You see, as Onan said, once again, see, he's my script writer,
God forgot to make stupidity painful.
We're here to change that.
And I have a condition known as everything hurts really bad all the time-thritis.
The last time I said that at one of these,
a guy came up and gave me three Vicodin.
Is that guy here?
Yeah.
Anyway, we have, um...
Where is he?
Ah, one guy.
Bumped out. Lady trouble, huh?
Yeah, my ex was a pain in the ass, too.
What did you say?
You said my ex was a pain in the ass, too.
Your ex?
Yeah.
Your ex?
Yeah.
Your ex?
That's it!
Ex day!
Ex day!
Ex day!
Thank you!
Ex day!
Ex day!
Ex day!
Hey!
Ex day...
A day to rid yourself of that extra baggage.
And to once again soar like a falcon to new horizons of freedom.
Abandon your intimate side and demolish your relationships with ex day cards.
Ex day.
Well, that's it.
That's the new greeting card line.
Great new greeting card line.
This 1830th hour of slack is a good rerun from 2013.
It's 2008, number 1150.
And everything about ex day still applies in 2001 except that the main party is being held in Land O' Lakes, Florida,
at the nudist resort of Reverend Exanthea Octo-Shroom and her dad.
But most of the subgeniuses probably won't be nude.
Most of our skins are generally unkissed by the sun's rays and would like to stay that way.
All information about how and when and where and how much can be found at subgenius.com under events, ex day, etc, etc, etc.
Dr. Hal and I will be there and a whole bunch of much younger subgeniuses including our ringleaders, Argus Fox and Reverend Pease.
Don't put off reserving a spot because the limit is 100 persons.
And...
And now I have something sad.
Another great old subgenius has boarded the saucers ahead of us.
Reverend Rock Roswell, human name Charles Mark B. of Champaign, Illinois and radio station WEFT.
At age 60, after terrible struggles with health and insurance,
has gone to meet Bob and the sex goddesses,
and Reverend Heathen and Dr. Dark and Dr. Legume and Reverend Anitrocity and Chaz Smith and...
Oh God, the list is too long.
Reverend Roswell used to sponsor Hour of Slack on WEFT and had his own show, Mental Vortex.
He was a super nice guy and very generous.
He jammed with us at a couple of ex days.
And he gave me my two best professional subgeniuses.
He was a junior scientist, for real, specializing in microscopy.
If that's how it's pronounced.
It's just not fair and he will be missed.
Hour of Slack salutes Mark B.
And we'll see you on ex day.
See you then.
Every new beginning's a delicate time
But just like when the end comes
It's never very pretty
And every in-between time
Looks like a perfect picture
It seems to last forever
Because it's learning still
But oh, baby
Change is gonna come
Not just maybe
Change is gonna come
Man, change now

.
Oh, it's been a while
But it still has a strong lasting influence
To me




A change is gonna come
A change is gonna come
A change is gonna come
A change is gonna come
Here it comes
Every new beginning's a delicate time
Just like when the end comes, it's never very pretty
And every in-between time looks like a perfect picture
It seems to last forever because it's running still
But oh, mama, change is gonna come
Psycho, mama, a change is gonna come
If this were a dictatorship, it'd be a heck of a lot easier.
Just so long as I'm the dictator.
What's your view on homosexuality?
Yeah, I am mindful that we're all sinners.
And to the C students, I say, you too can be president of the United States.
It's just, uh, I just don't understand.
It doesn't make any sense to me.
But hey, I get it.



Er, a change is gonna come.
By the Attery Squash!
…♡
They're with Reverend Diva ________, praise Diva, praise Skaefo.
And there's lots more of the Attery Squash at myspace.com
slash the attery squash,
one more pronounce that well, by the μ orbit.
Attery is A-T-T-E-R-Y.
Before that, yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang, sermonizing at Winterstar of 2008.
See RosenComet.com for more on that and Starwood coming later this summer.
And see Subgenius.com if you want to know about X-Day.
We also heard more on X-Day Moronicism on Rick Barber's show on KOA Denver from last year.
Praise Rick and praise Lemur, the collagi-graphiar.
How do you say that? Collagiographiest.
Anyway, friends, this is hour of slight number 1,150 devoted to the world of X-Day.
A world from which all normality has vanished.
The disappearance of humans may seem like science fiction.
But eventually there will come a day like this.
A day when people no longer walk the earth.
It's no great stretch to imagine humans disappearing from the face of the earth.
Every generation has its tales of Armageddon or apocalypse.
We're the first generation that could, by deliberate actions, cause its own doom.
Several of us, on average, have experienced任query, from in v sint vi rated baraet dragoôgævëræ,
anrah Acting Director of вед dire desserts for




and plot lines
Yeah, the monkeys.
They just seemed appropriate somehow.
Not exactly Yeti, but close enough for jazz.
By the way, is it true that the subgenii are descendants of Yeti?
Right.
We believe that there are only two races, the human race and the subgeniuses.
Ah.
And both come in all colors and shapes and ages and several different genders.
And furry?
Well, some are.
You know, not all of us can boast that we're full-blood Yetis.
In fact, almost nobody can.
In fact, I don't know a single one.
Yeah, well.
But, you know, if you look around at the people you work with, you'll go,
that person there might have a little bit of Sasquatch blood.
Yeah, well, I...
A little bit of Bigfoot there.
I've seen a few.
Especially, you know, some of the Russian premieres, they have that look about them.
Right.
Yeah, so, you know, the unibrow look.
Let's go back to the telephone.
In Denver is Lee.
Lee, you're on with the Reverend Ivan Stang.
Good morning.
Good morning, Rick.
Reverend Stang, it's an honor.
All hail Dobbs.
Praise Bob.
All hail Bob.
You bet.
Well, you know, some religions have the pilgrimage.
Some have jihad.
Some have the vision quest.
What would you say is the highest deed one can perform to achieve universal slack?
Well, slack is...
Slack is the goal of every subgenius.
The trick, though, is that slack is different to each subgenius.
Most religions will preach a specific form of slack that's supposed to fit everybody.
And the conspiracy of the normal people, of course, that that's the way they work.
But, so, we'll tell you that you need slack and that you should work your way towards it.
But since we don't know what slack is...
Slack is for you, we can't be all that specific.
As far as a pilgrimage, I would say X-Day is getting to be the yearly subgenius pilgrimage.
We hold the main X-Day drill in a clothing optional campground in Amish country in New York,
way out in the boonies, where we can pretty much do anything we want.
You'll be glad to know that most people keep their clothing on.
Would this be anywhere near Yaskier's Farm?
No, it's the other side of New York.
It's kind of near Erie, Pennsylvania.
I see.
And it's a pretty eerie place.
Sort of.
But, yeah, Brushwood Folklore Center is where X-Day is held.
And we...
That's got to be the...
People come to that from all over the world.
I mean, we've had people come from Germany and China.
China.
It's just amazing.
It's kind of a mutant convention.
The first day is always rather awkward, because, you know, weirdos often are kind of shy.
Or else they talk so much they drive everybody else away.
So it's a little rough the first day.
But it's got to be quite a community.
Interesting.
But, yeah, it's a real cult.
You know, I mean, when people talk about cults, the Church of the Subgenius is a lot bigger.
Than many of the ones that get so much press.
You bet.
Maybe you do believe this.
Maybe they're not lies.
They're delusions.
Whatever.
The fact remains.
The evidence here is flimsy.
It's bordering on ludicrous.
Hey, this isn't a courtroom.
You're not arguing a case.
And you're doing nothing but damage talking the way you are.
And you can throw as much cow's blood around the loading dock as you want to.
You still haven't fooled anyone.
Leave it alone, David.
You can't convince some people there's a fire even when their hair is burning.
Denial is a powerful thing.
Well, keep talking.
I'll have no part of it.
Nor would any thinking person.
Keep thinking, Mr. Lawyer.
There's no defense against the will of God.
There's no court of appeals in hell.
There's no defense here either.
Not even with all the fertilizer in the world.
Not even if you stack it as high as you can.
It's still just bags of shit, isn't it?
Those of you who want to discuss this thing rationally to find a means of rescue are welcome to join me.
Those who want to stack dogs.
Dog food.
Knock yourselves out.
And anyone who believes in it,
don't take it personally if there are no colleagues.
No matter what happens on the show, don't take it personally.
I bought the thing where, you know, dude, trailer.
Thank you.
Don't confuse the listener with an active human.
But we can be merciful.
By asking them to do more than one thing during a plug.
And that is listen to.
The Puzzling Evidence Show.
And download the podcast.
And your show have the support it needs.
Now, which were the real callers?
Are you really big callers?
I am in the same room with Puzzling Evidence.
These shows are actually lovingly collected and downloaded and podcasted.
See, that's what I'm afraid of.
If your show is an hour long.
I have to live with that every X day, Puzz.
I've been shot at X day.
Luckily.
It was by my good friend, Dr. Legume.
And it had blanks in it.
But, uh.
Vary your delivery and your words.
Even the great X day has a copy of the original.
And conversational.
Now have the deity shot.
Reintroduce your deity.
Now remember, remember I'm deaf.
Recognize your many different listening styles.
I can change the brain from the eye to the eye.
Call out through towns with central and lateral control.
Mechanisms.
Gratting with the weather.
It's also about how people will believe anything.
Of course.
I mean, look at Jim Jones out in California back in the 70s.
I mean, look at how he was able to mesmerize 900 people into drinking the Kool-Aid.
Well, I heard about this Texas death cult that gets people to stand around waiting for flying saucers every single year.
They think the world is going to end.
Now, they may be a Texas death cult, but they don't meet in Texas.
They actually meet.
In the most rural part of New York State.
Well, how do you know they don't meet in Texas?
Well, they could meet in Texas.
Yeah, as a matter of fact, they do.
Yes.
And what they do, it's like the Bohemian Grove there.
They don't wear clothes.
Yeah.
We're talking, of course, about the Raelians, the fabulous visitors from the stars.
Right.
From Star Royale.
Everybody must get cloned.
Oh, yeah.
When you have too many and there's too many replicants replicating replicants and stuff, it gets confusing.
No, they're the people who claimed they had cloned a human being.
And the press actually bought it.
For about five minutes.
Like, they actually got these people on the front page of various national papers.
It's like, wow, these reporters need to keep up with their bizarre cults better.
You know what I mean?
Well, nowadays, you can clone the little corporal in your basement.
Yes, sir.
Napoleon Bonaparte.
One strand.
There is enough to create an entire dictator from Republican roots.
I'm sorry.
If only.
If only we could clone people from their hair.
Huh?
Actually, the reason why the media went after that guy with the Raelians, he provided too much information all at once.
He was out there spilling the secrets about his own faith, and nobody had any reason to buy into it.
Because it was like.
Which is why the Church of the Subgenius is different.
Right.
We provide just enough faith for you to believe on your own.
Right.
What is real and what isn't.
Well, the thing with the applesauce duo, they used to tour together.
Not the same as Stang and we, but they would come and appear long before they were, you know, the Raelian saviors and stuff like that.
Uh-huh.
They'd like show up at high school and, you know, like Socrates bowling alley places and stuff where people would congregate and, you know, have this meeting.
And people were expected to field questions, but they would never answer some other person who was there.

And people who looked real serious and scared would say, I mean, says, and then they would say what they said.
And that's what it was like.
That's what it was like.
That's what it was like.
That's what it was like.
That's what it was like.
You see?
You see?
You're stupid minds.
Stupid.
Stupid.
There comes a time in each man's life when he can't even believe his own eyes.
Take any fire, any earthquake, any major disaster, then wonder.
Oh, every year there's some movie that rips off Bob.
Yep.
The conspiracy uses Hollywood as a tool to distract from Bob.
One of the most gross examples was, you know, Bob predicted the end of the world July 5th, 1998.
Well, what movie was released July 4th, 1998, Independence Day?
Yes, that's all terrible.
To distract people from our little alien invasion.
Goddamn it.
And in that one, of course, the Earthmen win.

With a computer program that the aliens can't...
Whereas in Bob's prophecy, the aliens and the subgeniuses will win, but the humans will lose.
So...
We know that.
Isn't that telling us then that everybody who survived in Independence Day is actually either a subgenius or an alien in a humanoid body?
In these, they're all mixed up.
In that movie, the subgenius was the drunken hick who had been abducted by aliens that no one would believe.
And he martyred himself by flying his fighter jet up the tailpipe of the moon.
And he was the father of the alien's mother ship.
A likely scenario.
Gave away the ending.
Yeah, well...
It's a little slim pickings for me.
I was gonna go see it tomorrow.
Warning, spoilers.
Spoiler like you are saying.
Movie is conspiracy propaganda.
And of course, the conspiracy does have its giant festival on July 4th with fireworks and depressing desert storm parades, as someone once wrote.
But the next day, Subgenius Day, as it were...


Is freedom from the conspiracy of the Normans.
Is independence from them.
That's our main holiday.
The 5th.
Yeah, 5th of July.
You don't have to come to Brushwood in New York to be lifted up and ruptured.
No, but if you do, you'll find that the orgies of X-Day lead up to the supreme moment of the saucer landing and boarding.
Now, I've been out there all day.
On that field at 7 o'clock in the morning.
Me too.
Every July 5th since 1996 when we started drilling for the end of the world.
There have been unexplained mystery phenomena in the sky.
It's a hellish time to be up.
You know, for Subgenius, for me it's a...
It's hard to get up.
It's a few hours after I go to bed, especially right there.
Well, it's a reminder to me how so many of my fellow subgeniuses have to get up at that ungodly hour.
Six days a week.
So they're back there but to work and...
That's right.
So what's the 4th look like then?
How are you preparing?
How are you preparing for the 5th?
What are you doing on the 4th?
We do all the things that you would do if you thought it was the last day of your life.
Sweet. Lots of sex and alcohol.
See, we don't celebrate July 4th out there at all.
We are separated from planet America.
And we're out that...
We don't even hear the distant pop of...
Fireworks.
That's one thing to do.
We have...
We might have fireworks of our own but that's a different matter and they wouldn't be let off at that particular time.
Actually Hal, um...
Brushwood has outlawed firework use by subgeniuses on their campground because we overdid it for so many years.
Horse...
Amish...
The Amish farmers were having trouble with their horses kicking down the stables because of...
The subgenius fireworks being so loud and violent.
But you're just alerting the masses that the truth is now.
It's...
It's the 5th dammit.
The 4th is over.
We've been trying...
We've been at it for 25 years now.
Well no, 27 years now.
Now, since the subgenius foundation first went public.
Trying to spread the word of slack, the truth of J.R. Bob Dobbs and warnings about the conspiracy.
And uh...
Every...
If...
You know if one...
One soul is saved by this broadcast tonight and this whole trip.
This whole church was worth it.
If one soul is saved that 27 years is justified.
Justified my friend.
Call in now and Pastor Stang will relieve your woes.
Just give us a jingle.
We can't promise we'll relieve your woes.
But we can change your woes.
Six...
Well figure it out.
No more open the...
Or is it?
No.
Call now.
Now is the time.
Save yourselves.
Wow, where the hell did you find those?
Now...
Mission control, this is Mars 295 ready for departure.
Uh, Er...
Uh, Er...
Uh, Er...














But err Paw...
Uh, Er...

Huh?
Oh, we told him to
run away earlier.
He let's is go.

And now we try a little extra.
Did he get wet?
No, not just that.
In the acro field, I'm trying not to get killed
I'm dodging mouse bars and all filthy ways
Cause the planet's stacking and I should call a biggie
And say, what were you thinking?
I will get the mess you made
This was a bunch of mess that you made
From the monkey this province has come to be
La la la, it's the box, it's the spot
La la la, it's the box, it's the spot
So I'm ditching and hitching the ride
I got my seat just down
Here's my new room, where we go
To it go
1,600 years is not too long ago
I'm a nigga, I'm knocking on heaven's door
La la la, it's the box, it's the spot
La la la, it's the box, it's the spot
La la la
It's the box, it's the spot
La la la, it's the box, it's the spot
Walk through the gate
Welcome the creature you made
Embrace your discovery
It took a pinch of the pain
To make us rage for some days
And then it threw us away
La la la, it's the box, it's the spot
La la la, it's the box, it's the spot
And I was scouting the face
And simply counting the days
Until you squeezed my thumb
And blow us away
How much more time will last?
A list of all the ways
I've been found and found
I've been found and found
Remember, did you know?
I'm the best man in the field
I'm the first one who's in the field
I'm the man in the law






Now the gamers are omdatance
After all, murder onion

Got naked, hold on
Because tonight is the moment of truth
Planet X!
Planet X!
Planet X!
Planet X!
Planet X!
Dr. Steel did that.
Friends, a song called Planet X marks the spot.
And you might want to check out Dr. Steel's cool website.
There are some amazing videos and, yes, lectures on there, along with music and toys.
And that's at drsteel.com.
Steel, S-T-E-L.
drsteel.com for an amazing experience.
And before that, we heard Dr. Howell, Puzzling Evidence, Ed Lloyd, Mongoloid,
and yours truly.
On John Hell's show on Pirate Cat Radio in San Francisco,
A Season in Hell.
And before that, Radio Synesthesia from beautiful WCSB Cleveland
with Dr. Sinister, Lonesome Cowboy Dave, Governor Rocknar, and others, I think.
Before that, some Puzzling Evidence show from KPFA Berkeley.
More from that can be had at kpfa.org
or see...
at liveringbrain.com,
which is the website of Dr. Philo Drummond himself,
the co-subtowner of the Subgenius Foundation.
And now, my description of X-Day as delivered to the young pagans at Brushwood
who made me forget which pagan festival I was at.
First off, something I forgot to say.
Thank you all for coming to Starwood,
and thank all of you who were our winner star.
Thank you for coming to...
There's a reason I mixed up like this, believe me.
And it's because of Winterstar and Starwood.
And Burningstar and Woodman and so forth, you know.
There's...
Now I can't even remember...
Oh, yeah, so I was leading up to X-Day.
That's our Subgenius event.
It's a couple of weeks before Starwood at the same place out at Brushwood.
Every year we hope that maybe this year,
it'll be 1998, and this will be the year that the saucers show up
and rupture all the subdues paying subgeniuses
into the escape vessels of the sex goddesses
where we have eternal slack and whatever we want forever
and get to punish everybody we ever didn't like.
Which, unfortunately, in most cases, I'm afraid is going to be our fellow subgeniuses.
So it will truly be a war in heaven at that point.
But somebody else pointed out that regarding X-Day,
that an X, after all...
It's just a cross that's been knocked over.
Not to me.
We don't have anything... Believe me.
Got nothing against Jesus.
Jesus is just all right with me.
It's always been his fan club that gave us...
And not just his fan club.
All those other guys.
Buddhist fan club.
Oh, I've got less ego than anybody here.
You know?
You can't get away from it.
It's fundamentalism.
We put the fun in fundamentalism.
We also put the duh in fundamentalism.
And we put the...
The hun.
The ism.
The mmm.
You name it.
We put it in the fundamentalism.
Over and over again.
Anyway, our friend Joyce Levine,
Reverend Joyce Levine,
who couldn't...
Wrote an X-Day poem.
I don't think she's ever even been to X-Day,
but she's been to Starwood,
and so she can imagine.
It's just a smaller,
much smaller Starwood,
where everybody...
Like a science fiction convention,
only they believe a different kind of science fiction.
Here's the poem.
Bare-breasted ladies run amok.
Seems they came by pickup truck.
From town,
we did not know exist.
It's slack time here on Mother Earth.
All beings celebrate your birth.
She gave this to me on my birthday.
Meteors fly across the night.
Cicadas sing with all their might.
From a lounge chair,
take it in
with a satisfied, dazzled grin.
I just thought that was a sweet X-Day poem,
especially since it starts with bare-breasted ladies.
That always gets me.
You know, I waited for somebody to say,
Bob.
X-Days are coming.
So, can a caller call in with a credit card number
and become ordained right here on the air?
Yes, although I...
Man, yelling your credit card
and expiration date over public airwaves.
Well, we'll max it out before anyone else can.
We're ready.
No, that's okay.
No, we're fine.
I wish...
I hear King of Slash Bill T. Miller in the background
singing one of his X-Day songs.
We have a whole CD collection of songs about X-Day.
It's like 30 different songs
in every style imaginable.
I wrote one.
How do we find them?
How do we get them?
Subgenius.com!
Subgenius.com!
Subgenius.com!
Subgenius.com!
Subgenius.com!
Subgenius.com!

Thank heaven for that.
X-Days are coming!
We don't actually sell many CDs,
and it may be because we give away
so much of the truth on the internet.
You can download
the Subgenius Hour of Slack
weekly show.
In fact, that's probably what you did to hear this
time to think about it.
Yes.
You can download the Puzzling Evidence show from Berkeley.
You can download the Suzy the Floozy show.
Bob's Slacktime Funhouse from WREK.org in Atlanta.
On Puzzling Evidence, you'll be interested to know that one X-Day porn,
when the rest of us were up at Brushwood,
some subgenius in Dallas went to Dealey Plaza.
It was in the late 90s, July 5th at 7 a.m.
And there was a nude woman frolicking around on the grassy knoll area.
Very briefly.
They even got a photograph of her.
They were just three nerds.
It's X-Day.
Let's go to Dealey Plaza.
Oh, my God.
There's a sex goddess running around over there.
Maybe this is X-Day.
Yeah.
So they followed her to the ship, I hope.
That's the kind of thing you see in Los Angeles at dawn all the time.
In fact, the last time I was there, that's what I saw.
Several naked women stumbling around the streets.
Well, little callers, I don't know if you understand that if a bomb dropped on Berkeley right now,
the top of the subgenius church would just disappear.
And finally, it would start making some money.
Okay, here's the money raining down from the sky.
Look how pretty it is.
Oh, sorry.
See it twinkle?
It's sparkle.
But it's highly toxic to handle.
I can't hold my money.
It'll burn right through.
The ultimate X-Day nightmare.
The tribulation money rains from the sky, and it's made of acid that burns through your skin.
People are so desperate that they grab it anyway.
I get laid, I drink a beer.
And then it burns.
And Interviewer says,



تحِظُمَ
and some reason to make the changes.
And want toeled it.
And ask to hire somebody to prepare me for唉 потрί۔
Oh, that was a good show.
Camp Malarkey is right over there.
What are we having at Malarkey's show?
Is he still on the air here?
The Bunch of Malarkey show?
No, I...
You took over that slot.
Yeah, I've been a long time since those...
The country of Kroistan.
Conan!
What is best in life?
To crush your enemies,
see them driven before you,
and to hear the lamentation of the women.
That is it!
At X-Day, of course, we have symbolic auctions
where we enact this ritual among ourselves,
the inner subgeniuses.
But that is an overt form of the ordinary progressive sales
which has to be made
as part of the existing subgenius journey.
There are actual flesh auctions at X-Day.
Yes.
And auctions of all kinds of bulldada,
kitsch...
Great stuff.
Yeah.
Complete Jack Chick comic collections.
By the way, did you all know that
there is a book about Jack Chick comics?
By Kurt Kirsteiner.
Right.
By subgenius...
Nazi subgenius.
And Papa Joe Mama.
Yes.
They infiltrated Jack Chick...
Jack Chick's headquarters got to know Jack Chick himself.
They went to the war room where the comics are created.
Where is that?
In Chino, California.
And in fact, Jack Chick promised our friends
that he would get around to doing an anti-subgenius pamphlet
as soon as he finishes his huge life work that he's still on.
He's like 90 years old.
What's the work he's working on?
Paintings.
Paintings.
He's illustrating the Bible.
He had a movie that they were working on,
which is essentially kinesthesis,
but it had to do with huge paintings created by
the good artist who works at Chick things,
who's a black guy.
I forget his name.
Oh, Fred Carter.
That's his name.
He's made these giant paintings of Eve in the Garden of Eden and so on.
Then they've photographed them and done kinesthesis
and they have a movie that's ready to come out.
Or maybe it is out.
Among the...
The devotees of Jack Chick.
Oh, it is out.
Yeah, if you can find information about this great Jack Chick book,
which, by the way...
It's called The Unofficial Jack T. Chick.
That's available from monsterwax.com, I believe.
Monsterwax, yes.
Yeah.
I think if you do just a search on the one word monsterwax,
you would certainly immediately get...
It's like candle wax, but it's monster...
But with monsters.
Monster wax.
Well, Dr. Hal, I can't wait to bring you into X-Day this next year
on those plane flights we always get you that hover around Philadelphia for 10 hours.
Those clean and simple flights.
Yeah, well, Dr. Hal writes great songs when he's stuck in airports
and hovering in planes for hours and days.
Tis so.
I've got to get them all recorded.
Recorded or noted or something or other.
My problem is we've got to convince Governor Rocknar to pay your way to X-Day and Amsterdam every year.
Going back to Amsterdam?
Oh, he's already planned that.
How about you?
I can't plan that sort of thing.
It can't be an annual plan?
Milo's going.
On my epitaph.
Here lies an atheist, all dressed up and no place to go.
That's an old chestnut.
How about this one?
Remember, man, as you walk by, as you are now, so once was I.
As I am now, so shall you be.
Remember this and follow me.
And on this grave, you then may be.
On the tombstone next to it, it says,
To follow you, I'll not consent until I know which way you went.
Woo-hoo!
Woo-hoo-hoo-hoo!
Those clever Englishters.
So now that the writer's strike is on, you guys do the show by just queuing up pages on the internet full of funny quotes?
What did you do, Google funny tombstone quotes?
Funny epitaph.
Oh, that's right, epitaph, that's the word.
Are you planning anything extra special for X-Day this year?
Yes, the world will be destroyed by the save.
Really?
This time?
Yes.
Well, some July 5th, that's going to happen, and maybe this is 1998.
I didn't know, I didn't even know that.
That's right, it has to be.
Maybe tomorrow is July 5th, 1998.
Are you ready?
That's the big question, of course.
Hey, Mr. Spaceman, won't you please take me along?
I won't do anything wrong.
Hey, Mr. Spaceman, won't you please take me along?
Before you ride.
Before you ride.
Oh, yeah.
My name is Chaz, and I'm broadcasting you tonight from my little holding cell here.
All quarantined.
All strapped in my suit.
Pressure suit's all pressured up.
Yeah.
It's here.
The ship is waiting, hissing away, spewing out its little steam.
Waiting for the moment.
The final countdown.
And that's where we're at.
Just hours away from...
The final hour.
The final minute.
The final second.
And...
X-Day.
Thought I'd never get here.
It's kind of late now.
We're there.
There's nothing else to do.
Just sit.
Look out the window.
Oh.
And wait for the light.
And wait for the light.
Is your pleasure ship hovering above?
Waiting for the final hours to pass?
Yes.
Is your alien sex goddess waiting for you
somewhere?
In Eurasia blue.
My end.
We'll see you.
Goodbye, w comentários and you called off.
Goodbye.
I gotta go.
Into space.
To know.
The量 that there were.

one two hey um chas and i've been planning our which reruns we're gonna we're gonna run
as since there's only another like week of broadcasting left on the planet oh god yeah
i've got i've done 638 hours down to a few hours now we're gonna start rerunning number one i mean
for what radio stations are left right and uh what were you planning what they're gonna do in chad
are you just gonna run reruns or like what's your first show after the after you leave well i was
playing i i or is there are you just gonna blow it off no no no no no no no no no i was under
some understanding that they were going to install some black black box black box and black box in
the studio here uh i don't know what the technology of this really is you know like i say i don't
understand how a lot of this is gonna you know take place i don't understand
how a lot of this happens i just know that it won't fail because of me
we all are in this together as a team effort we're gonna make it work and i don't know how
to make it work i don't know how to do most of this mission but i do know that i can assure you
that my piece of it is going to work and he won't fail because of me
hello
chaz here
eso radio broadcasting live from the pleasure ships
oh yeah
where are you gonna go where are you gonna go
when the sex got
started
and it's so beautiful
and it's so beautiful
from out here it's so pretty the earth it's just that little blue and white little marble hanging
there gosh that's where it all began we'll see you goodbye
friend in bob
bob will recommend you to the spirit in the sky
you address your
Felix
selenium
bla moon
you've alone
mint
pipette
within an hour
ens
major market broadcast radio bleep-o.
There are those of us that...
I would say major disappointment might be the word used,
but he is regressing enough to grow an awful lot of body hair.
I mean, I don't know if his voice is getting higher because of the operation or...
There was major disappointment and there was General Electric.
Oh, I thought you were going to refer to the guy's erection again.
And then there was that girl, Bob.
Bob.
Just like a penguin in bondage, boy.
No, on X-Day, Neegie will return to us all
the greatest tapes that we ever recorded,
which he has been keeping in...
Praise the Neegie.
Oh, God, that's so good.
Neegie has been keeping all of our lost recordings
in a special vault.
You hear that, Bob?
Those will all be returned to us on X-Day.
Oh, that's so glorious.
Shainer will get his 8mm films back.
Oh, this is so good.
You know, your first...
Your first show will come back.
I'll...
Actually, I never did lose any.
Will I get those videos that I erased by accident back?
As long as you saw them, Bill.
Things that...
I mean...
Everything I've ever seen.
You know, that you never got around to looking at.
Uh-huh.
Even if I've only seen it for a fraction of a second.
What about events that I've never taped that never were taped?
There's a thing called the new program.
That you imagined very vividly doing...
This is too damn confusing.
I'm getting out of here.
...will then be done.
They will have been done.
When you want to do a wonderful new show,
that show will materialize in your hand as a tape.
Yeah, the new program.
Click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click.
Ooh.
The hair escaping from my hands.
The hair escaping from my hands.
My hands are gripping, but they're slipping.
And they're gripping, but...
I'm tripping.
Tripping.
Tripping indeed.
Friends, the late Chaz Smith, or maybe we should say the early Professor Chaz Smith,
because he ended up boarding the escape vessels early ahead of the rest of us.
He edited all that, taken from his ESO radio shows on WCSB Cleveland,
and I think most of that was from the conspiracy year 1998.
Con version, anyway.
Obviously.
Not a real ex-day.
The background music, what you're hearing now, is by the Rudy Schwartz Project.
This has been Hour of Slack, number 1150.
Praise Bob, and praise K-Rob.
And now, friends, let us go back to the end of the end of 2007's season in hell.
They said we were going to go to hell.
What choice did we have but to start our own religion?
And our own hell.
Which is going to be far more comfortable than one so often described.
Spend more than a season in hell.
It hasn't been so bad, has it, for the past four hours?
Gone rather fast, actually, as the show seems to do.
Next week, I'm actually having chiropractors on.
And they're all going to adjust me.
They'll give you a hands-on...
Well, you better have a couple of body mics so they can hear that cracking,
the spars and timbers.
That's the idea.
Ship at sea in a storm.
Get some contact mics going in.
I think that'd be a great idea.
Oh, and you'll have to follow that up with acupuncturists.
Yes, yes.
There you have the sound effect of the whistle of escaping gas.
Essence, as the tiny needles.
What a sensation.
You'd have to have a pretty sensitive mic for that, wouldn't you?
Oh, it's a special effect.
Yeah.
Just to pipe in the sound effect.
Now, last ex-day, remember, we were doing radio.
Radio from on stage, outdoors at this campground.
A spider suddenly was crawling across Dr. Howell's microphone.
Yes.
And we were able to turn it up enough that you could hear his tiny footsteps across the...
Fascinating.
Those mics are sensitive.
And it was an exceptionally large and clumsy spider.
We have the club-footed thing.
Our final minutes.
Oh, no.
Thank you.
Spiders on microphones.
Here at Pirate Cat Radio.
We're harmed during the making of this radio motion picture.
I'd like to thank Reverend Ivan Stang for coming in this evening.
Say thank you, Stang.
Dr. Howell for coming down on a...
Your two-time...
On a night off.
Your two-time.
Lloyd Mongoloid for stepping in two weeks in a row after a very, very busy show on Saturday nights.
I'm going to be here every week.
Perfect.
I didn't explain that to you.
I know.
We'll make sure you get adjusted as well next week.
Puzzling evidence documenting the entire evening.
K-Rob on the aural stimulants.
And we got about two more minutes before they literally force us off the air.
Well, I hope the subgenius presentation you've heard tonight hasn't been confusing or off-putting.
Remember, we're always trying to improve.
We're trying to improve our presentation for you and your comfort.
What do you see in the upcoming year for the church?
Well, various hagiographical contributions, canonizations, ascension to higher planes of being and feeling.
And of course, money flowing in like a tidal wave.
You think this X-Day might be the X-Day?
Well, we always feel that.
We're always playing at X-Day.
Playing at X-Day?
Ooh.
You'll get yours.
You got 30 seconds to answer.
Go.
Yeah.
Well, I guess it'll be the last show.
Last show here.
You'll have to wait.
Last show on Planet Earth.
We'll be there to greet the sex gods.
Thanks for tuning in, ladies and gentlemen.
A Season of Hell with John Hell.
See you next week.
Reverend Ivan Steng, Dr. Howell, Lloyd Monga, Lloyd.
Puzzling evidence.
K-Rob.
Thanks, K-Rob.
Thanks, K-Rob.
Thanks, K-Rob.
Thanks, K-Rob.
Thanks, K-Rob.



Sometimes in the night when it does get a little lonely, I reach over and touch it.
Then it doesn't seem so lonely anymore.
