This is KN1 90.9 FM.
Thank you for your support during my pledge show.
Help me somebody.
Praise Robert Wisdom.
And Homer Henderson.
I actually just met the real Homer Henderson of Homer Henderson,
the Dow Worthington Garden Boys,
who are well known for their ballad,
Lee Harvey was a friend of mine.
And I'm kind of blown away.
He was actually answering you.
Probably those of you who had sense enough to pledge
talked to him on the phone without even knowing
you were talking to the actual Homer Henderson.
And those of you who call in and pledge tonight
on the Hour of Slack, dear friends,
you're going to get to talk to the actual
Dr. Murph of Mickey Garanta.
And or the evil Dr. Chaos.
And Reverend Zephon.
Who we just met tonight.
And because of that.
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
Here the watch in front of us blurs and distorts time.
Soon we will be deep in a hypnotic trance.
What wonders will we see?
Hey kids, get some money out of your pants.
All right.
And.
Send it to Bob.
Yeah.
Go to level.
And you go.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is the Hour of Slack.
Woo.
Woo.
Woo.
Woo.


Woo.

Woo.
Woo.
Woo.
Woo.
Woo.
Woo.
Woo.
Woo.
Woo.

Woo.

Woo.







Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry.
Hour of Slack.
Sponsored by the church of the subgenius.
This is Reverend Ivan Stang, sacred scribe of the first orthodox mega fist temple lodge
of the church of the subgenius with Pastor Buck naked of the first naked church of the
subgenius.
But where's Buck?
The opinions expressed are not necessarily those of this radio station.
Before the sermon, a message concerning Bob Dobbs, living avatar of Slack and saint of
Salem.
I am, Samuel Stansley and
William Name, Lleuthard King of Slack there is no nesse or theme on this radio Mr. 64
Deadhead of Soul is sent in his reminiscence as michiel
Monteverde, one-and-only rene need esc 나� Economics of Jesus Christ's claim
to the variety of things He One,Waiting volume 641
spacemakers Mikael 써니,ス valtoyotekos The
Lamượk.


Lan значinopehe Government together-
It's huge.
Top players.
You know, if you don't pledge, there's going to be more than one Reverend Ivan Stang.
And you're going to have to listen to it forever.
Or at least until the money runs out.
Dear friends, my gosh.
Let's get some spirit going here.
Be like that old gold friend.
Shake it off.
Shake that conspiracy off.
Yeah.
Shake it off.
When they miss you, shake it off.
When you don't send that money in, we're going to shake y'all.
Shake it off.
Shake it off, baby.
Oh, yes.
Dear friends, so good to feel the power here at KNON.
But you know, that power just is going to peter out.
If, if, friends, and you know what I'm talking about.
It's the pledge drive.
And that number to call is 823-725-7000.
823-7490.
823-7490.
Or 828-9500.
I mean, I know most of you have been listening to this station all day.
You've been hearing that pledge number.
And you've been waiting to pledge to the hour of slack.
Because you knew that we needed proof of an audience out there in order to even stay on.
And friends, there are some mighty reverends here ready to dole out some healings, some sickenings.
They'll even smash your watch over the phone to demonstrate time.
Time control, friends.
If you will call in and pledge that support for KNON.
And, and you know, you can, you can call that number 828-9500.
Oh, better cut that off where the other KNON DJ comes on.
Friends, you've got to do it.
You have, you, you know you want it.
You gotta have it.
And we gotta have it from you.
Or, you know, it just.
Can you imagine a world without slack?
A world without the hour of slack?
And even.
Almost as bad.
A world without KNON at all.
And the subject of tonight's sermon, friends, is guilt.
Guilt.
Now some of you are saying, oh God, it's pledge time.
Oh, I'm afraid Reverend Stang's gonna rant all night about money.
Well, you better be afraid, little Bobby.
Because if you don't send some money by midnight tonight, you're gonna be wishing to God you had.
Or Bob.
Guilt, friends.
Guilt.
You've got one hour left of the KNON pledge drive.
This is the last hour of the pledge drive.
This is the last.
And this may be, friends, your last chance.
Your last hour of slack.
Guilt.
Guilt is that sinking feeling you get in your stomach.
That dead fish feeling in your gut that you get when you get caught.
Or when you know you're gonna get caught.
And it ain't from being afraid of the punishment either.
It's from knowing that from now on, you won't be allowed to forget what you did.
Or in this case, what you didn't do.
Guilt is the way you're gonna feel, friend, when I finish this sentence.
Which is that you actually did pledge to KNON on the last pledge drive.
But you never sent your money.
Now, you know, Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus relieves you from guilt.
Even if you constantly abuse the commandments.
If you're a Baptist.
But Bob, friends.
Bob don't forgive you your trespasses.
Understand?
Uh, I mean, he, oh no.
No, no, nay, nay.
Bob's gonna whoop on your butt for your trespasses.
And he's gonna do it in an hour that ye know not.
For instance, for instance.
You out there.
Yes, you.
You know who I'm talking about.
You're saying, oh.
Oh, why should I give money to that station?
They're on the air anyway.
They're gonna be on the air whether I send money or not.
So I'll just tape this show and send it to my friends and have a great time.
And listen to all those wacky things that I can't get anywhere else.
But maybe five years from now, buddy, sister.
Maybe five years from now, you're gonna have a blowout on your way to the most crucial job interview of your entire life.
And one is caused by the other, friend.
It was your choice to blow off K-N-O-N and then later ruin your own life.
And you know, if we don't get, uh, friends, I just don't see those phones lighten up.
Dr. K.
Oh, thank you, Mr. P.
Period.
P.
Period.
He almost got us thrown off the air a couple of times.
But by gobs, he was ready to pledge that 20-year promise.
Now I wanna see some more.
And get this, friends.
You know who pledged before we even came on the air?
Pastor Buck naked, and he ain't even down here.
Buck, I've been trying to call you all day.
But, uh, friends, it's just I only see about a dozen lines lit up.
Now this is, this is, I mean, what kind of a deal is that?
Friends, you wanna talk to Dr. Chaos.
You wanna talk to Professor Garanta.
You wanna talk to these holy ministers.
And, uh, oh my gosh, let's see.
You know, if, if it weren't for, for the support, the people who do support this show and this station,
that's the important thing.
It ain't just this show.
It's the whole thing.
It doesn't go in my pocket.
I'd love to be begging for money for Bob, my friends, or for my poor empty pocket gaping like a baby bird in its nest.
But nay, I'm, we need it for, oh wait, there's some of my favorite music.
That's the way you're gonna feel after the guilt is gone.
After the guilt is relieved.
After you send in that, after you call in that pledge.
And while you're at it, why don't you go ahead and just send the money to,
now let me give the phone number first, and then I'll tell you where to send your check, your bank, uh, bank draft.
You know, we can have a certain amount taken out of your brain and your checkbook every week or every paycheck.
Uh, and we can take MasterCard and Visa.
Not American Express, but MasterCard and Visa.
That's right, credit cards.
The mark of the beast.
The mark of the beast is in, is in force today, and we want to see that.
We, you know, we want to see you sign away your soul to, to this station.
Cause, cause you know, it's got a lot of soul.
Daddy, when are we gonna get, get to listen to Kane and the Man again?
Oh, I'm sorry, sweetheart.
Nobody sent in that pledge money.
I'm afraid, I'm afraid.
We may never get to hear Kane and the Man anymore after, after this.
You mean they didn't set, give the money, but they promised?
But that's just like stealing.
Yeah, I guess it is.
Don't cry, don't cry.
You mean, you mean they listened to the hour of slack for free?
You mean they haven't sent any money to help the station?
Isn't that just like stealing?
We need more money!


Friends, it's so true.
Dude, just listen to those slackless children.
Those are kids from the home for slackless children begging you, begging you, friends.
Oh, look at that.
I only see, there's, friend, you know, you know, the, the, the way that you, you get a, you can get a show at K-N-O-N.
The problem is keeping it because if, you know, if, if they don't get the impression that there's a lot of people listening to this show,
they're gonna be like, oh, I'm sorry.

You know what's gonna happen?
They're gonna put, they'll still let you have an hour of slack.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
They'll still let you have an hour of slack, friends, but they'll make you have it at 5 in the morning.
You gonna, you gonna wanna get up and get your slack at 5 in the morning, friends?
Huh?
Huh?
Well, this, that number to call is 823-7490.
I wanna, I wanna see more calls, 823-7490.
Yeah, I mean, is this gonna, do I have to act like Dr. Gene Simmons?
I'm gonna call Scott and say, look, uh, fri-, now, boys and girls, I'm gonna have to just sit here and play my saxophone for four hours till we raise that $10,000.
Friends, in, in 45 minutes, the pledge drive is gonna be over, and any money that K-N-O-N's gonna be running on, not for, just for this show, but any show, is, is, uh, has gotta last until the next pledge drive.
And it doesn't always go that far, dear friends.
I mean, this is serious.
We don't, we're not just on here to, to, uh, to make funny jokes about pledges.
And like, so many of you subgeniuses out there that pledged, oh, we raised a lot of money to look at the first list, but then how much, how many of you actually sent that check?
Even after the reminder notes were sent.
Oh.
Look, Dr. Chaos is in here crying and bawling over it.
He's, this poor feller's been...
Huh?
He's been hanging out down here, waiting for, waiting for you to call, to call 828-9500-823-7490.
I mean, do you know what it makes the hour slack look like when, when you, when you pledge and then don't pay?
That's like, it, oh yeah, we got listeners all right, but they're feeble-minded, or else they're liars, or they're just really self-deluded pink boys.
Pinky-winkies out there, we call them.
Might as well be Communist China.
Oh yeah.
Maybe you wanna, you know, without a station like this, this really would be like a communist country.
You'd hear only what the conspiracy wants you to hear.
And if you don't believe me, look, just go to work for another radio station sometime.
See what it's like.
Oh, maybe we oughta, maybe we oughta blow off free radio.
Maybe nobody cares.
Maybe nobody gives a hoot out there.
Free.
Maybe we oughta just go to the playlist.
Maybe we oughta just, just, uh, be computerized DJs like all of, well, Dr. Granta here, he'll tell you what it's like.
Well, first, first you have to define the mean demographic.
Mean demographic, folks, that's the bottom line.
Like, with KVIO, it's a 32-year-old female legal secretary.
If you spread all the listeners and you found which one was in the very middle, that's the mean demographic.
With our slack, the mean demographic is a 49-year-old.
And you're the sole inhabitant of a mental hospital, so that means you have a narrow limit of demographic.
That's right, friends.
You can't control the horizontal.
We control it.
Dr. Grant here, he'll tell you, I mean, that's what we're gonna do.
If we can't get, if we, I mean, we're 15 minutes into this show.
If we can't raise a little bit of money, then we're gonna have to raise it the way the other stations do.
We have to figure out who the average listener is.
The average.
That's the, what is it?
The 33-year-old female legal secretary.
Oh, actually, 33, yeah.
Maybe 34 now.
And you're going to be assigned to the KNON NOVAN.
That's right.
And friends, I mean, that legal secretary, she doesn't care about Bob.
No.
She doesn't, she doesn't want to hear about Bob and to keep her business.
Then we can't talk about Bob and we certainly can't talk about Slack because she doesn't want to know about what she's missing.
She doesn't, you know, she figures, oh, what I know don't, won't hurt me.
She doesn't want to be surprised, friends.
She wants to be computerized.
And that's what they'll do to us if you don't send your money.
Me, Reverend Ivan Stang, I'll be working off of some Seattle computerized playlist.
You understand?
I mean, I'll, it's not just that I'll have to play, oh, say, Van Halen at exactly 1115.
No, no, it's not that simple.
I'll have to wake up in the morning when the computer tells me to.
I'll have to go to my conspiracy job when the computer tells me to.
I'll have to come down to Slack for my hour a week and play what the computer says to play.
Oh, but you don't care.
That's fine with you out there, you gimme bobs, we call them.
Gimme bobs, those who think Slack comes free.
Well, it ain't free, friends.
In fact, that reminds me.
I'll just take off this preaching music, which you couldn't hear anyway, and put on this, this song.
This one, once, this is our commercial song for the, for the evening.
This is the Rainmakers.
And this is, this is, they're about as disgusted as I am with those who think they're gonna get, get that mighty church of the subgenius preaching Slack every Sunday for nothing.
We can't keep saving the world for nothing, friends.
Give a man a free house and he'll bust out the windows, put his family on food stamps.
Now, he's a big spender, no food on the table and the bills ain't paid, cause he's spending on cigarettes and PGA.
They'll turn us all into beggars cause they're easier to please.
They're feeding our people that government cheese.
Give a man free food and he'll figure out a way to steal more than he can eat, cause he doesn't have to pay.
Give a woman free kids and you'll find them in the dirt, learning how to carry on the family line of work.
It's the man in the White House, the man under the steeple, passing out drugs to the American people.
I don't believe in anything.
Nothing.
Nothing is free.
They're feeding our people that government cheese.
Government.
Cheese.
Government.
Cheese.
Government.
Get out!
Declare.
Declare.
Declare.
Declare.
Declare.
Declare.
a man of free ticket on a dead end ride and you climb in the back even though nobody's driving too
goddamn lazy to crawl out of the wreck and you ride a rally wakes up for the welfare check
come to hell in a handbag can't you see i ain't gonna eat no government cheese
no government cheese
no government cheese no cheese no cheese no cheese
help me somebody well boy i just noticed that microphone was on the whole time
that was pretty slick
you
well see friends oh and those of you if anybody tried to call in and you don't get an answer or
somebody it's like you're being hung up on with this place is being run by volunteers i mean that
we got dr chaos and dr grant in here and they're no more used to me to doing pledge drives so uh
uh you know forgive us and call call back again if you have any problem we have we have indeed
gotten some calls from some dear dear listeners and friends that i recognize out there and i'm
me for having a series of Alexandra weirdo
away in a啦

i wish i could have uh
new love
and we probably wouldn't be able to do because we got more than a hundred minutes but he refused to
views
that Joe
dr
miller
wilder
it almost just crashed
thursday
Bob C., friends.
But, and, oh, Edgar Casey called in from the afterlife.
Friends, now, you know, you get a subgenius pamphlet when you call in and pledge over $10, okay, to the hour of slack.
You get the subgenius, and you can specify the first and the second one.
There's an older one and a newer one.
And most of you have probably seen the newer one.
But that's our premium tonight.
Those of you who call within the next hour, the last hours of the pledge drive, you will get the original subgenius pamphlet.
16 pages of incredible holy wisdom and sacred dogma that you will, friends, you'll be able to wrap that thing around your excremeditation throne.
And every time you go into excremeditate, well, you can just sit and memorize that pamphlet.
You wouldn't believe the printed word of Bob if you've never seen it before, friends.
It's the printed equivalent of the best of the hour of slack.
And, oh, Reverend Cecilia, so good to hear from you.
And, Reverend, well done.
He'll be sending, we'll be able to play more Fireside Theater on this show thanks to him coming up.
But, you know, friends, if you don't, if you don't, if you can't see your way clear to send us some money, you know, you're getting for free.
What other subgeniuses?
Subgeniuses in other states pay $8 for the media barrage tapes that you hear on this show normally.
But you're not hearing tonight because we're not getting enough calls.
That's the only reason.
But the other, the subgeniuses outside of Dallas have to pay $8 for an hour of slack.
You've been getting it for free for months.
And on top of that, you've been taping them, sending them around to friends.
Or maybe you haven't.
Maybe you've been sinless by omission.
But what are we going to have to do?
Are we going to have to revert to playing this from now on?
Are these the artists that you're going to be hearing on KNOF?
Michael Jackson.
You spattered mud all over my dress with your old bicycle.
Paul McCartney and Michael Jackson.
Hey, Carol.
Those hot sands will never wash out.
Bruce Springsteen.
Oh, Gene, what am I going to do?
Dan Halen.
Oh, I'm sorry, Carol.
You were too close.
Tina Turner.
Sorry.
What good does that do?
David.
Good grief.
You know you aren't supposed to be riding your bike during lunch hour.
Prince.
Madonna.
Huey Lewis and the News.
The Cars.
Ruby Hancock.
Bonnie Tyler.
ZZ Top.
Weird Al Yankovic.
Cindy Looper.
Pink Floyd.
The Pretenders.
Billy Joel.
Billy Idol.
Elton John.
Neil Young.
Sheena Easton.
John Lennon.
The Allen Parsons.
The Williams Project.
Rick Springfield.
The Rolling Stones.
Pat Benatar.
Hall and Oates.
Adam Ant.
Queen.
Jack Cougar.
Mellencamp.
Fleetwood Mac.
Duran Duran.
Police.
Eurythmics.
Culture Club.
Including Boy George.
Kenny Rogers.
Stevie Wonder.
Jay Iglesias and Diana Ross.
Donna Summer.
Dean Martin.
Kiss.
And we especially call for the judgment of the South.
We are the South.







For whom we call forth the judgment of the sacred fire in this hour before the throne
of all mighty God.
Wahoo!
Look out!
You're not called!
The sacred fire's gonna fall, friends.
That sacred fire's gonna come down on ya.
If you don't get your head out of your secret place and get to writing some, get to making
some calls.
823-7490.
That number to call.
823-7490 or 828-9500.
Rock music, Blairs!
It sure does, but it won't be for much longer if you can't...
If you can't dig down deep, deep, deep into that most holy receptacle, dear friends.
And Dr. Chaos, I believe you had something to...
You had a message to impart to these creatures that they call listeners.
Yes.
Hello and good evening, my friends.
I am the Reverend Dr. Sardonicus Chaos.
I have an important message for each and every one of you out there.
You know, there's an old saying that the best things in life are free.
My friends, that is an untrue statement.
A conspiracy lie.
A demonic pink lie.
Slack is one of the best things in life.
And around here, slack does not come cheaply.
There's no free ride, my friends.
Picture yourself driving through the desert.
When all of a sudden, your car's radiator overheats.
You pull over to the side of the road and open up the hood.
And the radiator starts sparting like a geyser.
Spewing steam everywhere.
You're stuck out in the desert in the middle of nowhere.
And it's five miles to the nearest Stucky's.
You figure, well, I'll have to hitch a ride to the nearest service station and get the car towed in and fixed.
But every car is a stuckie.
And every car that passes you is a BMW or Porsche being driven by one of those yuppie top 40 commercial DJs.
You think they're gonna stop and give you a ride?
Well, you better think again, friend.
You're probably in a hurry to get to another programming session.
What kind of programming, you ask?
That, my friends, is another story.
But, uh, anyway, if the hour of slack radio ministry is your vehicle to get you to the land of slack,
you, my friend, must buy the next tank of gas.
Why?
Because we're under so much pressure from the false churches.
But you can help us change that.
Send in those pledges.
Now, unlike other ministries, we do not use guilt as a weapon.
We let you use your own guilt against yourself.
Praise God.
When you start feeling guilty enough, you will know what to do.
Dig down deep.
Way down deep.
No, no, no. Further than that.
And give until it hurts.
Send in those pledges.
Thank you.
Oh, yes. Praise Bob.
That's a mighty sentiment, friends.
Praise Bob.
Friends, I mean, now, you subgenius ladies out there, members of the Church of the Subgenius Women's Sewing Auxiliary,
now, what is, ask yourself, what is your sexual fantasy?
Is your sexual fantasy to meet the sexy Reverend Stang at some cheap motel off Harry Himes?
Well, if so, then please call 823-7490 or 828-9500.
Or you can mail that check.
You can mail that thing to P.O. Box.
Get that pencil ready, friends.
Mail that check to K.N.O.N.
P.O.
Hour of Slack. P.O. Box 710909.
And write that to K.N.O.N.
Don't write it to Bob now.
In Dallas, Texas.
Zip code 75371.
Oh, it feels so good.
Friends, this is Zug's Rift coming up here.
Zug's Rift is a, I mean, he's a mighty weird subgenius.
And this is, you can, I was amazed to find this guy has a tape out commercially available.
You can find it on Ordinary Record Store.
And why, just a couple of months ago, he was just another person who sent us subgenius.
But here's Zug's Rift.
I had to edit this album down quite a bit in order to make any of it usable for the radio.
But I think this song here is okay.
This is what it's all about.
What, what strange land is this?
What am I doing here?
How did this happen?
Why am I asking you?
I'm beginning to suspect foul play.
Late at night, when I am sleeping, you slimy mofos come out screaming.
Sucking me into your world of horror.
Can this be the world of tomorrow?
Wait a minute, just a second.
I know who you are.
Yes, it's true, you're the citizens of the neighborhood.
What the hell is it that you're trying to do to me?
Help me, help me, I gotta get out of here.
You're making me brain damaged.
All these people hanging around my head.
It's the eye of the living, it's the eye of the living.
Brats, I just need a slight cranial adjustment.
Like the dentist pulling my gums inside out.
And pulling my brain out through my gum cavity.
As my head and bones have been yanked out by some damn Yankee card.
Perhaps I'm a beauty queen.
The target of a thousand flying jackasses.
Preying and fogging defiance of their stultified, stupefied defecation on my P.T.D.
Perhaps I've already won ten million dollars.
With the mofo geeks chasing me through the woods trying to rip off my britches.
And use me for a human weenie roast in front of the campfire girls clique club.
Perhaps nothing is what I think it is.
Maybe they're all just a bunch of nice guys.
And you aren't really trying to suck every last sin out of my pocket.
And give me absolutely nothing in return.
Wait a minute, I know who you are!
You're the citizens of the neighborhood.
What the hell are you trying to do to me?
You're making me brain damaged.
All these people hanging around my head.
It's the eye of the living, it's the eye of the living.
Perhaps I need just a slight cranial adjustment.
Perhaps I'm a beauty queen.
Perhaps I've already won ten million dollars.
Perhaps nothing is what I think it is.
Maybe they're all just a bunch of nice guys.
And you aren't really trying to suck every last sin out of my pocket.
And give me absolutely nothing in return.
That's a good point.
Dr. Chaos just came in.
Now what was that, what was this call we just got?
Um, you can get on that mic there.
Well, Reverend Stang, we had a sort of irate caller just called in.
I'll praise Bob.
He says we should get off the air.
Oh, he's so right.
We should.
And since he's not sending any money, we might.
Well, he definitely won't be sending us any money.
Yeah, well, and what was your answer to him?
I mean, he thought we were going to fry in his hell.
Yeah, yeah, I told him that was his opinion.
And he was welcome to have his opinion.
That's right.
And friends, and that's the thing.
I mean, with K-N-O-N, see, this isn't money.
You're not necessarily sending this money for all of us.
It's not for the religion of Bob Dobbs, the religion of slack and destruction of the conspiracy.
No, it's for the totality that's K-N-O-N.
It's not just for us.
It's for your very mind, your very soul, my friend.
You wouldn't believe how close your soul is to being sold out between your job and the drugs and the lies.
You need every bit of slack you can hang onto, friends.
And on this station, like, you've got all kinds of choices.
You've got lots of stuff you can hate, and you've got even more you can love.
The black shows are blacker.
The Mexican shows are more Mexican.
And therefore, they're better.
Even if you aren't black or Mexican, you need these shows if you want to have any ideas to what's happening.
So, especially if you want to have any hope in knowing what's happening 20 years from now,
when this planet isn't all pink and Anglo.
No siree.
And it ain't going to be all one religion, neither.
Unless that's Bob's religion, which is the one religion where you can believe anything you want to believe.
You can even hate Bob.
So, for all I know, maybe these...
Oh, yes.
Oh, we've got...
This is one of the callers that wanted to meet Reverend Stang at a cheap motel.
That comes with a $200 pledge.
Yeah.
Oh, baby.
Yeah.
Do it.
Oh.
Oh, do it, friends.
Do it.
Send that deep, deep into that...
Hidden place of your body.
Your wallet.
Your wallet, friends.
Dig down deep in that thing and whip it out.
Whip us out some checks and call this number.
823-7490.
828-9500.
And you don't have to have money on you.
You can just send a...
Give us your credit card number.
Your wonderful credit card number, friends.
So, we don't expect everybody to love the Hour of Slack.
Or even to go to heaven with Bob.
You know, we have total faith in Bob.
See, that's the thing.
I mean, we don't expect everybody to have faith in Bob.
I mean, after all.
No, even though we've never met him, even though his book was written years ago by desert tribal people of Texas,
we still have utter, absolute, undying faith in Bob Dobbs and in K-N-O-N.
And it's only the people with high resolution brains that are gonna be able to do that.
They're gonna be able to comprehend what I'm saying.
That's right, friends.
You wanna have a brain that's high res.
High res.
5,000 lines per screen at least.
And the truth is, you already have it.
Or you had it before you watched every rerun of I Dream of Jeannie and Star Trek and listened to those other stations for so long.
Like I did.
You wanna end up like me?
Of course not.
So send some money to K-N-O-N, dear friends.
But, I don't know.
I agree.
They can make a mockery of us.
Now, we don't have to watch it.
We can turn it off.
All other gods besides Jehovah and his son Jesus Christ are strange gods.
If you write, nothing shall come between us.
To thee will I cling, though all the powers of heaven shall rage about me.
Thou art my God.
And God can use you individually and collectively to begin to address and deal with those problems.
You have signed the application.
Welcome aboard.
But one doesn't listen long before a little warning signal goes off inside that says, watch out.
Sometimes it's hard to pinpoint the precise error.
But the language, the pure language of heaven is missing.
Something says, look out, this guy is fishy.
Cultist or someone with his theological wires crossed.
It's almost like listening to someone who knows only a few words of English, but soon
they're rattling off in a completely unknown language when they haven't even been to kindergarten.
We eat more, drink more, play more, and do less to earn a good living than any other
people in history.
We have at our fingertips the world's greatest music, and I might add a lot of its worst,
else the cultists would have no following.
We are a people grasping nervously, sometimes almost hysterically, for more than a second.

I know that I know that I know that I know that I know that I know that I know that I know

Whenever we read the obscene stories, the voluptuous debaucheries, the cruel and tortious
executions, it would be more consistent to call it the word of a demon.
There are little eyes upon you and they're watching night and day.
With a vocal and activist minority ready apparently to burn the bomber's seal of skills.
For more.
And most incidentally are in their teens or their twenties.
And that's Bosch and Pipple, I'll tell you that.
They dwelled in caves, not high-rise apartments.
They may not have found acute affluence, but they found an endless supply of dope, uninhibited
sex, an endless supply of money.
Free access to a distillery, I suppose.
And a free access to a government office.

Ah yes, the harvest.
Ah yes, the harvest.
Full of kills, for more.
Why friends, we could feed another nation with our garbage.
What more than a space hogger on Earth?
Is the church of subgeniuses?
I don't know.
But how many of you are really genuinely intelligent?
Bang.
Are you blaming God for atom bombs?
The best that I've ever seen.

Atomic warheads don't.
I don't know.
I only know that it will signal the end of time.
Why?
Bang.
Bang.
Bang.
The past blotted out, and the future assured.
Ah, yes, the harvest.
This is the way they did it in the New Testament.
God showed his people the old way.
The greatest people on earth.
And you walk in with the Judas tribe,
and the wife of Judas might be one of the ladies I've laid to make a socialist.
This is Jim Jones.
I knew I couldn't trust anything but communism and the principle in me.
Yes, President.
Jim Jones.
I knew that that's what I had to depend upon,
not depend upon the arm of the flesh.
I'd never put all your eggs in one basket.
So, honey, I put my eggs in many places.
You figure that out if you want to.
Some of you are too naive.
You don't know what Jim Jones is all about.
You can't even follow him.
You haven't even smelled where he's at yet.
You'd much less follow him.
You don't even know who he is,
and you might miss him if you didn't have real,
good look at him.
You wouldn't even know who he looked like.
You really haven't got an excuse.
But I've got all kinds of things in store.
Now, friends.
Now, friends, what other station?
What other station is going to let you hear Jim Jones, huh?
Well, actually, I taped that off of KRA several years ago.
But, I mean, with that background music and everything.
Oh, and that little montage there was by Puzzling Evidence.
Yes.
The granddaddy of subgenius taping.
But, I don't know.
I guess nobody cares about that.
I guess nobody's going to call 823-7490.
I guess nobody's going to call 828-9500.
Oh, well, I guess we're going to have to make money the other way.
Let's sell waterbed ads.
Let's play some Kenny Loggins.
Let's spin Beatles.
Let's have some Bee Gees.
Or let's play Wham or Kiss, baby.
Or if we wanted to be really underground, we'll play the latest Talking Heads.
Or, shoot, man.
Why should we even stay a church?
Maybe we ought to just be another Dallas comedy group.
Maybe we ought to give up this radio ministry and just go perform funny jokes at the comedy corner or someplace.
Maybe, yeah.
We'll just quit calling it a church.
We'll just do fun.
We'll just do funny jokes about the singles scene on Greenville Avenue and some good local, you know, clean humor.
We'll call up Ron Chapman at KVIL or George DeMarc at KZEW or somebody cooler than us and ask them how to groom ourselves for success in the pink world.
I mean, you know, friends.
Dr. Grant, what do you have to say about this?
Well, the bottom line is your playlist.
You've got to do appropriate.
You've got to do appropriate surveys.
You've got to call all the secretaries downtown and see what song they want to hear.
And then let's say when the kids get out of school at 4 o'clock in the afternoon, immediately you've got to pop on some songs that hit the demographic of 13, 14-year-olds.
You can't do this anymore.
You can't appeal to a crazy audience like this.
No, no.
It's, oh, can't make enough money appealing to a crazy audience.
No.
They only have slack.
That's right.
That's all they've got is slack.
It's the most powerful thing in the world.
But what do they do with it?
They piddle it away.
Just on, oh, friends.
Yep.
No individuals from now on.
We're just going to center our material towards the mean demographic.
And it is a mean one, too.
Boy, it would have you working that 9 to 5 job from 9 to 9.
Oh, we'll give up.
We'll go with the tried and true format.
Yeah.
We'll use the, we'll get the 5.
We'll be allowed 5 minutes.
forcing a conversation
with a good f....
Or we'll use a script of an Slough




We, we'll, we'll be made up over and over
and over and over again.
And we have,
Thema words.
We said not only we want to have fun,
But we want to fast forward my life.

And we want went through this
And we want we want um all through it all and
And we'll have our jobs all done.
Moonies. Dr. Chaos, let's go join the Moonies. Let's go join the Scientologists, some other cult.
If the rival cult that wants to own this station had this hour, oh, they would have raised $10,000
by now. Easy with all the people calling 823-7490 and 828-9500. Friends, I mean, if you don't pledge,
okay, let's look to Dobbs' prophecy here. So what happens if you don't pledge? Electricity, gas, fuel
will become essentially unavailable. Transportation would cease to exist as we know it. No planes,
cars, trains. Food delivery would cease. Communication networks would be cut and silenced.
Municipal water supplies destroyed or contaminated. If you don't call 823-7490 or 828-9500
and pledge.
And friends, you get a free subgenius pamphlet with any pledge over $10. If you pledge, uh, if you,
and any pledge gets you the K&ON newsletter, friends. Any pledge. What, what, what, what?
As if you didn't know, do you get for your other pledge. For 20 bucks, you get the newsletter and
the K&ON bumper sticker mailed to you so that cool guys like me will see you driving down the road
and go, yep, that's not a pink boy. That's a he-man.
Or a she-woman who wants to support freedom of brains. For $30, you get the bumper sticker and
the mighty K&ON t-shirt. Friend, the ghost shirt. No cavalry bullets can kill you if you wear this
shirt. But it won't be mailed to you. For 30 bucks, you've got to come pick it up here unless
you live in Fort Worth or pretty far away. For $40, you get the subgenius pamphlet, the newsletter,
the bumper sticker, and the t-shirt all mailed to you, friends. All mailed. And when you, by the way,
when you come to Fort Worth, you're going to get a free subgenius pamphlet. And if you don't pledge,
call in and make that pledge. Specify what t-shirt size so that our mighty, mighty doctors for Bob
and nun snakes and zombies for Bob out here, Dr. Grant, Dr. Chaos, Reverend Zafod, can get that
size so that you can wear that shirt right. And so it doesn't look like, but you're laughing.
Oh, yeah, you're laughing, saying, oh, I don't care. I don't care if radioactive rain destroys
all the fish and fauna and pollutes the water. I don't care if radioactive rain destroys all the
water from me not supporting this station. Oh, I don't care if our, if firestorms kill all dormant
seeds on earth, making regeneration of plant life possible. Oh, I don't, I'd just as soon
get K-N-O-N for free. I don't have a spare $10 because I'm going to spend it on cigarettes
and liquor and, and false slack. Oh, yeah, I don't care if vast quantities of nitrogen
oxide are going to kill all the dormant seeds on earth, making regeneration of plant life possible.
I don't care if vast quantities of nitrogen oxide dramatically increase ultraviolet radiation
to the point where humans and animals are blind and we can't even hear the hour of slack with our
eyes. Oh, just compromise your immune system by not sending, not pledging a penny or even worse
by pretending to be a subgenius and pledging, but never even actually sending the check. Huh?
Sick, sick creatures out there.
They don't even know what they're doing.
They don't even care. I don't see, I see only two lines buzzing there. What's this? President Johnson?
Oh, oh, wait a minute. Oh, the 200, uh-oh, friends. I asked for it and I got it. The $200 pledge.
Someone named C. Johnson wants to meet Reverend Stang. Well, well, well.
Harry Hines.
And Harry, on Harry Hines. Now, is this a male or female voice?
A male.
A male.
We did specify that was females and I don't...
I don't care whether it's before or after your sex change. This has got to be a solid fee.
What kind of a church do you think this is? What kind of a religion do you think we're preaching here?
I mean, too much is always better than not enough. It's true. And Bob, he is, he swings every witch away, you know, but, but he's also a family man at the same time and he's married, you know, and well, well, we'll, I'll tell you what.
If I see that $200 at, in Canada...
I do understand.
What's a better thing?
Selfie.
Laugh cloudy.
Do you want to get a good bang?




to hear this kind of thing all day long.
Now we have our resident Sino expert here, Dr. Amiki Garanta.
And he's going to explain to us what the words to this song are.
What did she bring me? She brought me some shrimp and dashi guā there.
That's a big watermelon. These are the things that she brought me.
Shrimp and a big watermelon. That's the kind of lyrics.
Friends, those are the kind of lyrics you're going to be listening to
if this station goes communist from your not caring.
Oh no, they just don't care a bit. Nay, nay.
Poor Reverend Stang, unpaid here, slaves away.
Now I don't want any joke pledges, okay?
We got a lot of fake names here. That's okay. I understand that.
I understand wanting to protect yourself.
One of the things that I want to say is that I'm not going to be a slave.
I'm going to be a slave to your status, luck, prosperity by blowing them off.
But don't blow off that pledge drive, friends.
Bob's promises to widen the scope and nature of abnormal behavior.
To explore new ways of going over the edge.
And coming right back.
Plus, bring back those you couldn't make it on your own.
And you're not going to make it, friends, unless you call 823-7490 or 828-9500
with that pledge for K-N-O-N.
This is the last, we are entering the last 13 minutes of pledge drive.
Do you understand?
If we get a pledge, a $40 pledge coming in that mentions that they want,
we got one, only one of these records available.
We've got the ballad of Lee Harvey Oswald was my friend from Homer Henderson,
the Dow Worthington Garden Boys.
I'm going to play that record in a minute.
But I want you to call.
If you want a copy of this rare, fantastic,
wants to meet me after the operation, $200, no, Mr. $200,
before or after, like we said, we want to see your $200 first.
Friends, whoever calls and asks for this rare record from Mule Nose Records,
the Mule knows good taste makes the difference.
Lee Harvey Oswald was a friend of mine,
Homer Henderson, the Dow Worthington Garden Boys.
If you beg for this album, you will get this 45 record.
This.
Lee Harvey was a friend of mine.
I was born in Dallas in 1952.
Lee Harvey moved across the street on Beckley Avenue.
He used to throw the ball to me when I was just a kid.
They say he shot the president.
I don't think he did.
And Lee Harvey was a friend of mine.
He used to take me fishing all the time.
Lee Harvey was a friend of mine.
He used to throw the ball to me when I was just a kid.
They say he shot the president.
I don't think he did.
I seen that picture of him with pamphlets and a gun.
The shadows are pointing every which way.
But there's only just one son.
Someone faked that photo and snuck away and hid.
They say he shot the president.
I don't think he did.
And Lee Harvey was a friend of mine.
He used to take me fishing all the time.
He used to take me fishing all the time.
He used to throw the ball to me when I was just a kid.
They say he shot the president.
I don't think he did.
I seen it all on TV.



Lee Harvey got gunned down.
Murdered by Jack Ruby.
The biggest sleaze in town.
He stuck that gun into his ribs and said,
Here's looking at you, kid.
Ruby killed Lee Harvey.
TV proved he did.
And Lee Harvey was a friend of mine.
He was a friend of mine.
A very good friend.
He used to take me fishing all the time.
That's right, he did.
He used to throw the ball to me when I was just a kid.
They say he shot the president.
I don't think he did.
He did.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob, friends.
Some lucky listener is going to get that other copy of that record.
And, okay, Ann Leonard, hey, thanks for the pledge.
And I know you ordered that.
Oh, listen, you need to tell us what you ordered.
We lost some orders.
A zombie Bobby volunteer at the Subgenius Foundation lost a big bucket of orders from July.
So if you sent that in July, I don't know, I'll double check.
Ann, we're working on it.
We had some severe problems.
Now, look, I'm not going to answer this $200 pledge over there.
This is some male that wants to meet me at Harry Hines.
Says he's going to drop off this $200 here tomorrow.
Okay, you drop off the money.
Leave a phone number.
Leave your phone number.
I'm not leaving my phone number.
Okay, what else have we got here?
To announce the, okay, we're going to announce our earnings on the show at the end of this episode.
We're going to announce our earnings in yen.
As a suggestion from, shoot, I can't now.
I lost that one.
I can't believe some of the pledges were getting friends.
I'm touched.
Can you believe Norm Ward and John Horton both separately have pledged money?
Either that or it's the biggest fake in the world.
Steve Kisarik, that was it.
Okay, Steve, we're going to try to, you know, it's going to be impossible to total up these, each, I've got 1,000 pledge sheets in my hand now.
They all list about a penny and a half each.
It's going to take a while to add that up.
But we're going to try to.
We'll try to give a close guess.
But friends, it's getting, what?
No, no, no.
Now, wait a minute.
I keep getting notes from this $200 pledger that's in love with my voice.
It says it's an old boyfriend.
I'm sorry.
That's wrong.
Bring, wants to bring money to my house.
Nay, nay.
Nay, nay.
That'll be, you can drop it off at K and O N sometime.
Not next week.
Not next Sunday.
Listen, dear friends, I mean, it's getting serious.
We've got, we've got, I mean, this entire station.
This entire station.
This is the last hour of slack.
If, if, if this pledge drives, ends miserably, friends, I just don't know.
I don't know.
We're getting down to the end of the wire here.
See, where's my speech?
I mean, it, it's, what can I say, friends?
You're going to have to, you're going to have to open your heart, close your mind, unzip
your lips, and bend over.
Because the word of Bob is going to come in a raw form.
If, if, if it doesn't, if we have to move to five in the morning, if we're not getting
any support at all, if it's pathetic misery, and you're laughing out there, you're going,
oh, I'm a nihilistic teenager.
I don't know.
There's no future.
Why should I try to contribute to the world peace and slack?
You're laughing.
You're just, you're thinking, there's no hope for humanity anyway.
There's no hope for humanity.
I'm just going to watch the world end.
Oh my gosh.
This caller keeps calling in.
Friends, I don't want to hear these, these sick pervert calls.
The sex, this $200 pledge, you're very serious.
It says, sex change operation in two and a half weeks means that, means much that I will
agree.
Now, look, look, look.
I mean, look, I'm a, I'm an open-minded guy.
I'm hip.
I'm a cool dude.
I'm an old beatnik friend.
I was a little bit of a nerd way back.
But I don't know.
I mean, slack is different for everybody.
You know, you can't, I don't know.
But you could have had universal happiness, friends.
You've got five minutes left and there's nothing happening on this line.
Nothing is happening on this pledge call line.
Nothing.
You could, you don't, God almighty.
Friends, you, you really could have had universal happiness.
You could have had the eternal squirt of world peace.
From the psychodynamics of the world peace.
To the
That's right, friends.
I mean, you know, it could have been.
It could, think how the universe could have been.
We could have had a planet here for another, oh, 100 million years.
But no, no, you couldn't pledge.
You couldn't find it in your heart to dig down.
And so now it's the last hour of slack.
The last four minutes of the pledge drive.
And maybe the last four minutes of this planet.
Yeah, instead, no, it won't be the end of the world.
No, if I don't pledge, it won't be the end of the world.
No way.
It'll just be a continuation of the Black Iron Prison, friends.
The combine, the empire, the conspiracy, the wad.
It's just gonna continue to walk right over you.
And especially over the people who don't have as much as you have.
Because they're just gonna all drift over to those easier stations, friends.
Those, those nameless conspiracy stations that control your life.
Friends, you're only allowed one hour of slack as it is per week.
And that is the Church of the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
There's only five things that can ignite that vortex at the center of your mind, folks.
And that's sex, drugs, great music, religion, and the Hour of Slack.
The most significant weekly event in the history of mankind.
Except maybe, present company excluded, Ron Lindsay's great show which is coming up, Soul Oldies.
And you wouldn't get Soul Oldies if there was no K-N-O-N.
If there wasn't. Now, friends, that number to call in the last three minutes of pledge drive.
This is it. We're getting down. For all you know, I'm not kidding.
For all you know, it could be the end of the world if you don't.
I'm begging. I'm pleading. I don't, I mean, I've lost all my pride.
I'm ready to get down and grovel for that money, friends.
Call, please call 823-7490.
Please call 828-9500.
It's getting, it's steaming up in here, friends.
Getting down near the end.
And if, if nothing else, you can at least write for information from the Church of the Subgenius.
We'll tell you how to send money to K-N-O-N.
It's not too late. You can ask us personally at our own, our very own personal P.O. Box.
And that is P.O. Box 140306.
Dallas, Texas.
75214.
That's right, friends.
P.O. Box 140306.
Dallas, Texas. 75214.
That's the, that's the player you can write for information on the Church of the Subgenius.
And the weird, bizarre activities that you could, could maybe join in on.
If you're the kind of person that, that is cool.
If you're the kind of person that likes Dr. Chaos here.
Like Professor Mickey Grant.
And like Reverend Zaphon who would help K-N-O-N with their money, with their time, with their very souls.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you, friends.
But do you love Bob?
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Ask not what you can do for the conspiracy.
Ask what the conspiracy can do for you.
And this last you can still call in.
828-9500 or 823-7490.
Pledge that money.
You get a free Subgenius pamphlet when you make that pledge.
We're coming up to the end of the show, friends.
And I'm just gonna let this tape with Pastor Buckneck.
It's beautiful, beloved hymn.
Drinking Bud, watching Bob take us out.
And it's gonna be Ron Lindsey's soul oldie.
So stay tuned for more slack.
And it won't be pledge drive either.
The pledge drive is over.
This is it.
The last minute.
Goodbye.
Maybe forever.
Actually, friends, we raised a bunch of money according to this.
According to this stack of pledge sheets in my hands, we did raise a bunch of money.
I've been lying the whole time.
Look at this.
$30, $20, $40, $15, $30, $30, $200.
No, no.
Forget that.
That $200 is fake, I'm sure.
$10, $10.
Friends, we probably earned at least, at least $200, which is pathetic.
But, well, I've had enough.
I know they're gonna take interest in that.
You say that at school, though.
Well, we had ad-libbing back and forth.
parce nous ils c Ride on foot.
c Paradise
KON 90.9 FM.
Praise God.
