Guess who's on the line? We have the Reverend Ivan Stang on the line. He's going to be coming up in just a bit.
We're going to take a break right now, and then it's all Stang. It's the Stang Network, the hour of slack.
And we're going to do it right here at Ground Zero.
All Stang, all the time.
Oh man, and people are excited.
Spacecraft, spacecraft power, spacecraft, spacecraft power.
The two sides looked like they were about to get into it a little bit.
They've been ignoring each other mainly most of the evening.
But a fellow who's up here from Texas waded into the crowd, and they moved in and broke it up.
And you'll be seeing the staff here on television.
The Texas is working even now as we speak on the big book of the subgenius, which will be published sometime before 1984.
Bob is the culmination of that to which man has aspired throughout his long and slackless history.
Bob is what will bring slack to planet Earth.
And to you, young man.
And to me, young man.
And to me, young man.
And to me, young man.
Yeah.
Or more.
Prostitution, yeah.
Use until it hurts.
What do you think sex hurts means?
It don't mean chaining them up.
It means sex until it hurts.
Love him until it hurts.
Yes, indeed.
Yes, indeed.
Hi, I'm ready to play school.
Would you like to play with me?
Good.
Now, what shall we call our school?
I know.
We'll call it...
The subgenius hour of sweat.
If we go two years without some group of armed wackos threatening and saying the government is coming for them,
then I'll worry that something important has gone out of this country.
Sounds like blood.
Oh.
Attention, this is Principal Skinner, your principal.
The message from the school is...
The message from the principal's office.
All students please proceed immediately to an assembly in the Putt Head Memorial Auditorium.
Damn it, I wish we hadn't let those students name that one.
I'm Clyde Lewis, and this is Ground Zero.
Four, five, six, seven, oh, KBER.
The numbers to call tonight are 1-888-570-KBER.
Tonight, special night for everybody.
We bring to Ground Zero, from Texas, the man, the legend, the Reverend Ivan Stang from the Church of the Subgenius.
Reverend Stang, are you there?
Praise Bob, Clyde.
Praise Bob.
Praise Clyde Bob.
God, it's so good to have you back.
Praise Claude, five.
It's so good to have you back. God, it's been, what, two years now?
Oh, two long years, Clyde.
Two long years.
And I figured you were so busy because of X Day and how everything, you know, so good in the rupture went so wrong.
Or did it go wrong?
Well, I gotta admit, I'm pretty disappointed to be here tonight.
Okay, why?
No offense to you, I mean, I'm disappointed to be on Earth.
Why they didn't come.
I mean, at the least, I would like Bob to show up and say,
Uh, well, I made a deal and we've got three more years to harvest more souls.
And like the baseless fabric of this vision, the cloud-capped towers, the gorgeous palaces, the solemn temples, the great globe itself, yea, all which inherit it shall dissolve.
And like this insubstantial pageant faded, leave not a rack behind.
We are such stuff as dreams are made on.
And our little life is rounded with a sleep.
Ah, yes, the harvest, dear friend, schools out.
And perhaps some of the harvesting fad will pass.
But our show tonight, it seems, I guess, is gonna be a mix of the old formats and the new formats
and once again, Reverend Susie the Flusie has provided us with a copy of one of her shows,
her Get the Hell Out of School special from Bob's Slack Time Fun House on WREK in Atlanta.
And we're gonna be mixing that up with all this other, all these other little tapes.
You hear these Wellman heads, we call them, all stacked up around here?
Yes.
And we've got lots of show about the blood-thirsty nature of kids these days and of humans these days.
That's the problem, don't you know, is humans.
And we've got the solution to the problem of humans, the final solution of XX Day, friends.
And I think you know what it's all about because you've got the blessing of Bob, don't you?
I know that you do.
Because people like you are helping us stay on the radio.
You can't buy a miracle, but you can certainly stand behind a miracle ministry.
...like a bunch of ****** on the radio right now.
Really now, are you guys in this cult business just for the bucks or do you have...
And I wouldn't infer that our Secretary of State is Antichrist,
but I'm telling you that preparations are being made.
And that the very door of the Day of the Wrath of God is at hand.
And that if you plan to get saved, you had better do it now.
There will be a day not in the too far distant future in which Antichrist will be revealed.
And the mark of the beast will be introduced.
And people will have a number in their hands and in their forehead.
Our demand for energy will be met from the people of America.
And we will have our own production and our own conservation.
Also in your literature, I noticed connections with aliens.
And the God of Wrath who visits us every once in a while and talks to...
We've got to drop this name in here, Bob Dobbs.
The High Muckety Muck.
And ever behold, he cometh with clouds and every eye shall see him.
Space vessel identity unknown.
Are we not men?
In the realm of the world.
Spacecraft, spaceweapon power.
There are many, I would say, sort of super superstitious kinds of beliefs that are attached to the icons.
Spacecraft, spaceweapon power.
Spacecraft, spaceweapon power.
Spacecraft, spaceweapon power.
Lesson for your ministry.
Will you wander through the wilderness of Bob?
Earth, we must get off.
Earth, we must get off.
I don't know many people that are that serious.
Well, as your listeners may or may not be aware,
our guru, the leader of the Church of the Subgenius, Bob Dobbs,
was immaculated or given a vision back in the 1950s
by the alien space god known as Jehovah One,
formerly known as Jehovah One,
that the world would end on July 5th of this year
at 7 o'clock in the morning,
except for those who had basically sent $30
to Bob Dobbs' Church of the Subgenius,
is what it amounts to,
and therefore proved that they were of the subgenius race
as opposed to the humans.
So obviously any aliens that are going to come
are going to want to exterminate the pests and vermin
and save what might be useful.
Right.
Bob was trying to, you know,
distinguish between who was useful and who wasn't,
like who sent him $30, among other things.
Ah, little lad, you're staring at my fingers.
Would you like me to tell you the little story of right hand, left hand?
The story of good and evil?
H-A-T-E.
It was good.
With this left hand that old brother came
struck the blow that laid his brother low.
L-O-V-E.
You see these fingers, dear hearts,
these fingers has veins that run straight to the soul of man.
The right hand, friends, the hand of love.
Now watch and I'll show you the story of life.
These fingers, dear hearts, is always a-warring
and a-tugging one again to the other.
Now watch them.
Old brother left hand.
Left hand hates a-fighting.
And it looks like love's a-gone.
But wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Hot dog loves a-winning.
Yes, sirree.
It's love that won.
And old left hand hate is down for the count.
I never heard it better told.
I wish every soul in this community could get the benefit.
Oh, you've just got to stay for our picnic Sunday.
No, I must wend my way down river on the Lord's business.
You ain't leaving in no hurry if we can help it.
John, mind your manners.
Take that look off your face.
Act nice.
Why, you don't mean no impudence, do you, boy?
Do you, boy?
How many's the time poor brother Ben told me about these youngins?
What did he tell you?
Why, he told me what fine little lambs you and your sister were.
Yes, but they did not believe in Bob.
They must be taught.
We must find them, hunt them down, and teach them all.
All the little children.
Must be taught the word and the way of Bob.
Because that's the only way to keep them from, you know,
the idle hands is the devil's playground.
And them kids will get into all kinds of trouble if you don't lead them right.
You've got to give them a light to follow.
A true, a thing, a way, a way and a light.
And a half-toned face or a picture.
They've got to have a picture of God.
Short of God, you know, since obviously you can't have a picture of everything and nothing
and all, you, well, you know, we'll use a stand-in.
Why not Bob?
At least, you know, Bob's the kind of personal savior that you can be alone with.
You know, he's not like the kind that's always pestering you and after you, Bob.
You can be alone.
You can be alone.
You can be alone.
You can be alone.
With Bob.
And, oh, what news do we have?
Oh, friends, we do have news of, you know, at X-Day 1998, at 6.30 a.m., July 5th, there
were two crossed contrails in the air over the great campground where all the subgeni
were gathered.
We thought it was a sign and it may have been a sign.
It may have been a sign.
It may have been a sign of, of, uh, United States government doing weird effects on weather
and brain and health control.
As described here in this article, poison from the sky.
The chemtrails crisis.
From Nexus Magazine with this background music by, what is this guy's name?
Phil, Phil, I really like this stuff.
Yeah, Phil.
Phil of, uh, Tramapoline.
Um, yes, uh, aside from the high school maskers and, uh, uh, PC censorships in subgenius land,
we also wonder about these contrails of strange chemicals drifting down out of the sky, uh,
making everybody around them sick.
Uh.
And, uh, being not explained by the government or anybody else, even though they're obviously
coming from these giant Air Force planes.
The huge X's being traced by formations of tanker jets in clear skies can be tracked
by satellite and perhaps coordinated with the cross beams of ionospheric heaters to
heat the upper atmosphere, changing its temperature and density to enhance or mitigate storm,
uh, weather.
And, uh, the

I mean, this all sounds pretty, uh, outrageous, but there was a paper, uh, called Weather
as a Force Multiplier, uh, that was presented by a bunch of military officers.
And this Air Force study outlines how using tankers, airborne tankers to seed the atmosphere
and, uh, by adding, quote, small amounts of energy at just the right time in space, U.S.
Aerospace Forces could, quote, own the weather, unquote, by the year 2025.
Among those, the United States Air Force and the United States Air Force have been working




fine this year at almost every state, and we, ship, uh,
Uh, the suisne College designers and Arobot engineers are in thee near the
swamp two days ago.
Uh, but can you imagine if they produced one, uh.
M-m-moooo ...
counties like Arkansas, did you know that the удивit 문 is a little bit thành
ink
?

air type strands falling from the sky.
What is the use?
Could cobweb-like polymer strands
spun behind tank or aircraft,
perhaps contaminated with a bio-agent,
to discourage handling or tracking of its dispersion,
be formed in the cold reaches of the stratosphere
only to sublimate and disappear quickly
in sea-level warmth so they can't track it,
even though they use it for tracking,
and they're tracking diseases through us, friends.
Friends, you know,
Henry Kissinger and Ted Turner
and other Bilderbergers,
many other statesmen, great men of our time,
have called for a reduction in the world population
to 500 million or fewer.
And who knows, friends, perhaps they're getting ready.
They're just preparing.
They're testing their culling devices.
Well,
friends,
we ain't worried,
because as I make this tape here tonight,
it is one month and 14 days to X-Day.
By the time you hear it, it'll be,
why, X-Day'd be right around the corner, friends.
Are you right with Bob?
Have you figured it out?
Have you got, have you got, have you,
or are you still wearing that black trench coat,
toting that imaginary gun,
filled with hate
and no slack?
Friends,
we can't take away your hate.
We wouldn't want to,
because it's part of what makes you you.
And probably wouldn't, well.
But friends,
we do want to give you slack,
because we've got more than we need.
Any of the excess, heck,
might as well just hand it on in.
Might as well just hand it in.
Might as well just go for it, friends.
Why not?
Why not?
We pay to play the human way.
Twist away the gates of steel.
But beyond this, are we numb?
We pay to play the human way.
Twist away the gates of steel.
Twist away the gates of steel.
Do we all leave without friendship,




this bluff boat of ours is normal,

self- numerator.
But what may I say?

I was a Mis Shout Yeah.
I'd woken up for a snack a little bit.
And my doctor would emotionally repeat that,

Twist away, now twist and show
The earth, it moves too slow
But the earth is all we know
We better play the human way
Twist away the gates of steel
A man is real, that's how he feels
mesure
ск veggies
nerdy
gurdy
Pisky
sair
过
fog
fur
straggler
storm
fog
burst
roar
Go!
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Part of the passive thermal control program to maintain temperatures.
When the sunlight shines through the blackness of space, it's black.
But I was in sunlight and I was able to look at this blackness.
I mean, what are you looking at?
Call it the universe, but it's the infinity of space and the infinity of time.
I'm looking at something called space that had no end and at time that has no meaning.
You can really focus on it because you've got this planet out there, this star called Earth,
which itself is in its blackness, but it is lit up because the sunlight strikes on an object,
strikes on something called Earth.
Now, these are the most new.
Remember, this is Cambridge, Massachusetts.
This is like around the corner from Harvard and MIT, and it's PC Central.
Right.
We'll use this phone line as a rotating line, then.
I think I have the right one.
Shall we rotate?
We?
Are you ready to rotate?
Does one of us have to hold our phone in a weird position?
Off to the other cycle.
Okay.
Will I be able to reach you on board Dimension X later?
Yes.
Okay.
We will see you on the other side of the wheel with the deal.
We're about to get off, though.
She just got off.
Okay.
Oh, wow.
Well, that is certainly exciting.
There she goes.
Okay.
I always love watching them go down the little, they swirl around in all sorts of directions.
They're like flushing them.
Doesn't it?
Doesn't the direction?
Doesn't the direction in which you swirl depend on which hemisphere you're in?
That's right.
Yeah.
If you're in the western hemisphere, you do.
Except on Pluto.
Right.
No, except on Neptune, because Neptune is the north pole.
In the western hemisphere, P-Lo, you're flushed down, and in the eastern hemisphere, you
come spewing up out.
Yeah.
We're flushed out.
But Neptune's, the north pole angles straight towards the sun.
Yeah, so Polaris, the north star, also is right behind the honey dip, which is also
the guy that cleans the urinals.
And that's a ... And in the summertime, he works as the dwarf that cleans up behind the
elephants at Barnum and Bailey.
That's ... In the summertime, that is a really terrible job.
That's awful.
On Uranus, or on Neptune, I mean.
Well, yeah.
It's okay on Uranus, Dave.
It's very cool there.
It's very placid.
It's much like a place I used to visit when I was a 20-year-old child before I learned
... Is that a Friday boy?
... that weapons are not the answer.
Yep.
It's producer Friday.
Huh?
It's producer F-J.
It's motor Friday.
All right.
Now that we got you all on board.
The twice-martyred and twice-redeemed Friday Jones.
Yeah.
When Friday got up at this time last night, Friday thought that she had lost thousands
and thousands of dollars.
Not only for myself, but for my church as well.
Now, wait a minute.
You said you were doing something Saturday night.
What time are you doing something Saturday night?
At the Baptist church.
No, Friday night.
No, Saturday night.
No, Friday's doing it Saturday.
No, Friday is doing it Friday.

No, Friday is Friday.

I'm going to the church on Friday.
Oh, man.
At Starwood or at Starwoody.
I am not coming to Starwood.
You are going to Starwood.
You remember Ferdy Arbuckle and Hank Costello?
I can't get ...
Who's ...
Who's ...
Hey, Stang.
Yeah.
Hey, what ... You said you were doing something Saturday night?
No.
Oh, okay.
Never mind, then.
No, I'm going to ... I'm sleeping Saturday night.
Were you guys dating again?
Because I remember the last time you guys started hanging out together, it was really
weird.
No, I mean at Starwood, are you gigging Saturday night?
Yeah.
Apparently, Saturday night.


I think so.
What time?
They want to put me in the puffer dome with you guys because we're too noisy for the
drummers and the pagans.
Yeah, but they told ...
The subgeniuses make too much noise for the drummers and the pagans.
But they ask for that.
Too much noise for the Baptists, you have to know.
No, the Baptists ... Well, like I said, these are the Baptists that have the gay and lesbian
office in their church.
They have the African homeless drummer's office in their church.
In fact, I believe that the African drummer's church will be proposed.
They're performing not parallel to us, but they're supposed to be winding down as we
arrive and they're like, well, do you think you'll mind the noise?
And it's like, no, in fact, we'd like the drummers to come over and play with us for
a while.
That would be cool.
Absolutely.
That's the problem when you let people play with you in another dimension.
We'll exploit anyone.
But I think ESO is playing on the main stage Saturday night as well.
We're playing at the Hitler Drom.
It's this huge head that they carved out of alabaster.
I've performed with that head.
Yeah.
That big Hitler head.
Yeah.
We like to poke out the eyes, you know, as a little joke the three of us have.
They had a rug for a mustache.
That's how big that head was.
Well, the rug is actually a tongue too that rolls out and spits out people like us.
We're the detritus, the effluent, the flotsam.
The dandruff of the mighty head.
The plant.
Okay, enough of that.
Let's get back to radio theater.
Really, because this is very ...
What?
You think we were telling the truth?
Y'all, this stuff is all radio theater.
But, you know, the idea is that we're going to have a big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big,
big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big,


But the idea is, what are they doing in America when they can censor a church like the Church
of the Shepherds?
Well, they, yeah.
Well, here's the funny thing about this particular censorship.
They're so PC that they were concerned that we would say something in such bad taste that
it would endanger freedom of speech in America, so they had to censor us to keep us from endangering
the First Amendment.
Once again, America kills the village.
That makes sense, yeah.
It's a shaving.
That makes as much sense as killing for peace.
Yes. Well, I'm into that myself. I believe that if we kill enough humans, there will be peace on Earth.
We kill enough Serbs. P-O-E. Yeah. Purity of essence. Deloyer. Yep.
And when the bell's tolled for whom it will be, it will be for us 53. Here comes everybody.
And then at the end of it all. Give me a gun. Here comes everybody.
At the end of it all, you climb up. We'll meet again at the end of that. Give me a trench coat.
Or die in a derp and that's what it is. We'll meet again. Don't know where, don't know when.
But I know we'll meet again one sunny day.
At the end of it all, you climb up that big tube, up that rail, right through that little portal.
It spits you out and there you are standing alone in the middle of that desert.
Just like the very end of THX 1138.
But the way things been going before we get spitted.
But you know, you won't be alone.
The other subgeniuses.
Will be climbing up out of that underworld.
Well actually how it'll work, I think is that as you emerge out of your hole,
all the other subgeniuses will emerge at the same instant out of their own holes.
Yeah, but they're all doing it from different movies.
So you might be doing it from THX 1138, for example.
But Dave will probably be doing a boy and his dog.
Yes, everybody.
So if I run over real quick to Dave's hole and jump in, I'll be in a boy and his dog world.
I'm going to have telepathic dog who will be my best friend and let me eat.
Eat women?
Yes.
I want to go live in Dave's movie.
You're moving the fabric and now we're transdimensional.
I want to live in Dave's mind.
I want to live in the Dave drone.
The giant Dave head.
One self.
One Dave.
One thought.
One thought.
One voice.
One tongue.
All that is one.
One is one.
One is one.
Dave is Dave.
All one.
Okay.
Okay.
Friends, tomorrow from your Sunday morning, you won't need a bone in your jelly bag.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Oh, here's another misconception about X Day, Sunday morning.
The misconception that you will be going back home.
That also is just as much a misconception as that you will die.
It's second.
My parents, if you have a total and complete faith in Bob Dobbs, you will be ruptured.
That's all there is to it.
So there.
I have had, and I'm sure you've, I mean, I've had people come up to me at this very event
going, hey, are you guys playing?
Are you planning to go back to Cleveland on Monday or Sunday night?
On the destiny of the power of the dark side.
On what night?
Did you say Sunday night?
Well, you know what I mean, man.
I know, I know, I know.
But you know what I mean.
Yes.
Well, that's what you know.
I don't like Monday morning, Dave.
My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge, Hosea 516.
Well, the escape vessels of the sex goddesses did not arrive.
I think we're very shocked.
I was shocked at that.
In fact, I got up on that very morning because I only get up at the crack of two.
And I got up that very morning because I was hung over after a 4th of July party.
Right.
Because I wanted to watch the end of the world come in my backyard.
And it didn't happen.
Well, it's like that voice in that seance tape.
Okay.
That you guys were just playing.
That said, come to me.
Are you sure it was saying, come to me?
What did you think it said?
I thought it said something like, turn me on, dead man.
But listen, last night I was hearing colors and seeing whispers.
And I wasn't even at y'all seance.
Okay.
Anyway, yeah.
I will admit that it was a little bit disappointing.
Disappointing for our, you know, for all of us in the Church of the Subgenius.
And I'm sure you too, Clyde.
Yeah.
To not be able to torture everyone who ever irritated you.
To not watch the destruction of the earth as Bob had promised.
Right.
You know, not to be ruptured up into the escape vessels of the sex goddesses for an eternal salvation or triple your money.
But that blah, blah, woof, woof.
Tell me something.
It was a kind of a letdown, I'll admit.
But, you know.
Did that ever stop the Jehovah's Witnesses?
Did the fact that they predicted the world five times in a row and it didn't happen.
Have you seen any dearth of Jehovah's Witnesses coming to your door?
They're still coming to my door and I'm happy to talk to them.
You know, I believe in Jehovah too.
Yeah, that's true.
And they have great artwork in their pamphlets.
We're trying to, you know, competition.
But who cares, you know?
We're religious nuts.
Are we going to let?
The Jehovah's Witnesses be bigger religious nuts than us?
Are we going to let the God Salvation Temple, that little Chinese end of the world cult that thought the world was going to end here in Dallas on March 31st?
You know, are we going to be another?
Are we going to let the Heaven's Gate people beat us?
Speaking of Heaven's Gate, I mean, a lot of people thought that since you were saying that the rupture was going to happen and that the exaucers were going to come down and take all the.
The people up.
Didn't you think for one minute that anyone out there thought that your cult was going to die and you guys were all going to commit mass suicide in your little gathering in New York?
Oh, all kinds of people thought we were.
And the sad thing is they didn't do anything about it.
It was almost like they were thinking, well, good riddance.
Of course.
I mean, we're not like Heaven's.
The Heaven's Gate people.
They, you know, they had a few things right.
They were a little too lazy to spell Bob Dobbs name all the way out.
They couldn't make it all the way to Dobbs.
They just called him dough.
You know, they had some imposter doing the whole thing.
They had a.
Well, look at the Heaven's Gate.
They were against sex.
To begin with.
Right now, does that sound very serious?
Like, does that sound to you like they've been reading book of the subgenius?
No, because I know that you get sex.
If you are a subgenius, you get a lot of sex.
Well, Bob promises that.
Yeah, Bob has promised that.
Yes.
That's it.
That's one of the big promises.
If you just pay $30, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, anyway, this is all, you know, I mean, it's sure it's maybe the excess didn't happen.
You know, the X day and the rupture did not happen this year.
But, you know, there's a lot of fine print in our particular Bibles.
Book of the subgenius.
And the Apocryphon.
Yeah.
You know, if any of our people would ever bother to read their own Bibles, they might notice that there were actually numerous.
Provisos.
I don't know.
Everyone makes mistakes.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Let her go, Bob.
Whoa!
They say the bigger the headache, the bigger the pill, baby.
Not if I saw her now.
What?
What's the use of pretending?
I can't stand this anymore.
Chandler said you went over to Georgia Street to see that doctor.
Yeah, I tried, Ed.
Short visit.
Poor guy.
Pretty bad, huh?
Well, the guy's really a mess.
The beat and it walked up to the epileptic and said,
Oh, I don't hear the music, but go, baby, go!
I hope you like that nonsense.
I try to make the audience a part of the entertainment,
and they go along with it all just great.
That chatter with the doctor,
there is no phony bit, really.
It's just the way it happened.
Make me take off my clothes and make me go out normal,
and I have to go outside and change before I come here.
Do you love your parents?
Yeah, I love them, but they're...
In culture schools across the land,
mere infants are taught all about contraceptive techniques
and are provided with a plastic phallus in the classroom.
I really like it.
I like the idea of having music in the classroom.
What was that?
Did one of you idiots in the back row just cut one?
Ha, ha, ha!
Up in the morning and out to school
The teacher is teaching the whole new
American history and practical math
You study them hard and open the plan
Working your fingers right down to the bone
Ha, ha, ha!
The guy behind you won't leave you alone
Ha, ha, ha!
I'd like to be your buddy
Be invited to your house
But all your parents think I'm just a stinky little house
People think I'm the life of the party
Cause I tell a joke or three
Ha, ha, ha!
It's not easy being evil
And evil's what I be
Ha, ha, ha!
студiuubl-e, ha, ha, ha!
Edi your pack on da
Hey, girl, sell your money
.....
Cant' stand it
I've got a super凴
Hi, kill the zoo
Now, the beat is fire
I don't know many people that are that serious.
We lose brothers and sisters every day that we've never known.
And, you know, we will know them one day and see them again.
But yes.
We must get off.
We must get off.
We must get off.
Persecution is the lot of the believer.
If you're not being persecuted, you have to wonder why.
Amen. Amen.
We must get off.
We must get off.
The last Earth radio just went off the air.
That means the war is over and Earth is finished.
I'd just like to tell you that you've, you know, you helped, you know,
you've flipped my world over.
And the thing we haven't mentioned tonight is Double X Day,
July 4th weekend there at Brushwood,
when I believe, Dave, I think you've been rousted from your seat.
And we're going to be strapping in Katahdin Lagoon into a lawn chair.
What? We're going to, we decide to launch Lagoon?
I think that's it.
Yes, I also agreed with it because.
That's damn time.
He's pretty damn heavy.
You're going to need a lot to launch him.
Well, between him and Mo, between me and Mo, we got a few, a few hundred pounds of thrust.
The Stooges are going to be there.
You're going to.
Larry, Mo and Curly are going to launch Katahdin Lagoon into space.
Mo Musgrave.
And they're going to sing 1999.
Okay.
It'll be Iggy.
It'll be like have his head shaved and stuff looking like Curly.
Mo Musgrave.
Yeah.
Dr. Mojo?
Yeah.
Dr. Mojo is a rocketeer?
Indeed he is.
I didn't know that.
Man, he's got bigger motors than I do.
I'm telling you, Sting, these guys now, they're weird ass.
We've been, the two.
Straw hats and everything.
They got them big moves.
The motors that they see are always bigger.
The two of us have been.
Weird little testicles.
I mean, bi-flocals.
The two of us have been.
Making notes and everything.
I've been emailing back and forth.




And actually the two of us has been conspiring daily on the arsenal that will be presented
for worship at XX Day.
I think they definitely would have shot guys like you at a school.
Or maybe, no, you guys would have been the shooters.
That's right.
The Killer of the Class of 53.
Dad, what are you doing here?
Reading about this Edison character.
They won't let me in the big people library downtown.
There was some unpleasantness.
I can never go back.
Excuse me, are you a student at this school?
I think it's pretty obvious that I am.
Go school?
I can't believe I ate the whole thing.
Hehehehe.
Activities?
None.
Sports?
None.
Honors?
None.
So many memories.
Time to go to the reunion.
It'll be great to see the old gang again.
Patsy, Ralph Malf, the Fonz.
That was happy days.
No, they weren't all happy days.
Like the time Pinky Tuskadero crashed her motorcycle.
Or the night I lost all my money to those card sharks and my dad, Tom Bosley, had to get
it back.
Well, you have to teach, aren't you?
Yes.
What do you teach?
English.
Well, I never was better than any student.
This is my chance to thank you all for the most wonderful year of my life, in which you
all took such an important part, with your hospitality, friendship, and smile.
It was a year full of experiences for me, of which the best was meeting you all.
Hope I'll see you all again sometime.
We'll give you life a living hell for the rest of the semester.
Thank you.


See ya, ma'am.
Bye.
Bye-bye.










What's the matter, Lisa?
You used to be such a good student.
Don't you want to please your teachers and get good grades?
Grades?
We need something to protect this family.
I couldn't agree more, Marjorie.
You deserve peace of mind, and peace of mind is what you shall have.
Love you.
to buy your deadliest gun, please?
Aisle 6, next to the sympathy cards.
Hmm.
Hmm.
Whoa, careful there, Annie Oakley.
I don't have to be careful.
I got a gun.
Well, you'll probably want the accessory kit,
holster,
Oh, yeah.
bandolier,
bandolier.
silencer,
Mm-hmm.
loudener,
speed cocker.
Ooh, I like the sound of that.
And this is for shooting down police helicopters.
Oh, I don't need anything like that.
Yeah.
Just give me my gun.
Sorry, the law requires a five-day waiting period.
We've got to run a background check.
Five days?
But I'm mad now.
Yeah.
I'd kill you if I had my gun.
Yeah, well, you don't.
That's a big ship.
She's so big because he's got a lot of guns.
If he didn't have any guns, I'd show him a thing or two.
I'm going to go off into my store.
Then we'll see who's worried about five-day waiting period.
I hope we'llven up our sleep,
You're super mascara crazy.
Did you Нов meg confusion Goneez you,
ㅠ
Ow!
Damn, that's gunfire out there.
Is the NRA convention starting early or something?
Oh, no.
It's our own deadly American gun culture rebounding on us.
Quick, kids, get down.
No, no, not behind the tables.
Those aren't big enough to protect us.
Here, hide behind my purse so we can all fit.
Oh, Jesus.
Oh, sweet.
Jesus, as if a mutant doesn't have a tough enough time of it surviving
in these IV-covered institutional hellholes.
Now we're all dodging hot lead, too.
Just what the hell's going on here?
Hey, hey, you back there, stop praying.
This is a school.
Yeah, a school.
Boring, uneventful school.
You shouldn't have to die just to get out.

Get an education.
What's going on here?
Children, the times, they are becoming quite different.
Attention, everyone.
This is Principal Skinner.
I trust you all remembered to bring in your implements of destruction.
Now let's trash this dump.
Oh, Santa!
Santa!
Santa!
Santa!
Santa!








Santa!
Somebody put a torch to these permanent records.
Quickly now.
Wake up, boy.
Oh, I don't know who's the last day of school.
Well, it is.
Oh, how do I know this isn't some beautiful dream, too?
I'd like to welcome you to this year's freshman senior party.
I hope you all have a good time.
So now we'll go on with the entertainment.
You could call it entertainment.
Yes, Eke Tolos Picati Mundum and then the Mushroom Cloud shortly after is a whiff of excreted gas.
That's what will be happening.
Mushroom Cloud on pizza is pretty good.
It's just our way.
It's a white thing.
You wouldn't understand.
Right now I'm running.
That's why I have such a hard time with it.
As you know, it's quite off.
I'm running calculations on how much flash powder we can pack into the nose cone.
It sounds like a bunch of stupid drug talk to me.
How much white powder we can stuff in the nose cone.
That went out in the 80s, man.
No, he's talking about black powder.
Huh?
We're talking about flash powder here.
I wonder if you saw.
Switch that around.
Let's talk drug talk, but really be meaning rocketry.
Well, I'm sorry.
How much flash powder can you get from 10 pounds of frog?
Right.
I'm going to go out this weekend and snort a bunch of lines.
I got two big lines I'm going to be snorting.
Two J-lines this weekend.
Okay, what's a J-line?
I forgot.
Now, the J-line is the one that pulls your moon pants off.
A J-line has 100 pounds of thrust.
So when you run up, when you run up that needle.
Right.
How high does it make you?
Now, that really means how far do you put the fuse up into the motor?
Because on composite motors, you have to get the fuse all the way to the top.
So now that again sounds like hot dog.
That's what you're talking about.
It sounds like you want to shave your head and take one of them little trepanation drills
and just pop your skull right open and stick a hole in there and run it around a little bit.
And kids out there, please don't do this.
I know you're anxious to do something, anything you hear.
But don't trepanate yourself.
No.
Snarting a line really means...
Leave that to professionals.
Snarting a line really means launch the launch itself because it leaves that trail of white smoke.
The doctors will launch the rocket up your nose.
And when they say they're smoking the froth, that means what they're doing is assembling their igniters together for the launching.
If you're going to check your lighter, it means you're checking your igniter.
And when they say they're going to commit the illegal sodomy act,
that means that they're really getting ready to clean up the smudge, the powder burns.
No, the bristles from the orifice.
You always, after you smudge the pooter pen, you always have to clean the bristles from the orifice or else you have an exploding syndrome.
When they say they're going to mass murder the fellow students,
what that really means is we're going to set up the swag table and sell pamphlets and church books.
But what it submonically means is underneath, when you hear your boon pants fumbling, it means the SWAT.
And that's when the SWAT team is coming in to remove you of your life essence.
When they say they're going to drop some acid, they really mean they're going to drop some acid.
Yeah, but hydrochloric acid.
Right, into the nose cone.
No, when you drop the acid, that's when you put the parachute in and actually strap the rocket to the launch rod.
That's what Dr. Leary always used to say.
Oh, listen, speaking of outer space and criminal acts, they go together.
Have you heard about the new conspiracy of giant X-con trails in the sky?
Oh, yes, of course I have. You know that.
Such as the famous one that we saw at X-Day.
Well, Dave always knows them first because Dave talks about them on here and we don't know what he's talking about.
And then two weeks later we go, oh, did you hear this?
And Dave already knew.
He was trying to tell us this two weeks ago and we thought he was crazy and just yammering on.
No, no, I knew what he was talking about.
I am a spam addict.
You know, they're now referring it to spam like psychoball.
Totally useless.
Psych, you know, conspiratorial information.
The film is a spam addict, you aren't that bad.
You saw them in X-Day where they were actually, that means you guys were being doped.
Right, exactly.
There was a giant X made of con trails over Sherman at 6.30 in the morning on July 5th, 1998.
Yeah, I saw that on the video.
Right.
Skyriders and just to be jets that...
That has been captured.
You ought to send that into Most Amazing Video Show or something.
Well, we saw, we also saw an X.
And con trails over Arkansas on our way driving up.
The Dallas contingent did.
Now, what Dave has since pointed out is that those con trails actually are all over the country and seen from outer space.
They form a grid of X's.
Which, since the government has to have those X's in the sky in order to track their weather modification and health modification experiments.
But where are the, who makes the O's?
Yeah, it's a massive.
The information grid of X's, the way it looks.
Dave, you know who makes the O's?
They blow them.
They're out there smoking their froth in their saucers and they blow their smoke ring.
Well, that really means that they launched an air-to-surface missile.
Right.
Loaded with anthrax.
Right.
And little spider web types throughout.
War in the Middle East.
War against the Middle East.
War in the Middle East really means that they've landed two more probes.
No, that means that somebody connected Church of the Subgenius with mass murderers on NPR.
And showed it.
You know, a group of retard agents with very little to do.
Come on, they're looking for anyone.
They blame Marilyn Manson for it.
Now, get this.
This is a direct quote.
When my friend Jesus Christ first heard the news about the massacre at the high school,
the first thing he heard was,
and I quote,
you know, newsflash,
15 students were apparently killed in a bloody massacre at a high school.
The internet has not yet been,
you know, the internet connection has not yet been discovered.
Now, that worries me because
in the old days, whenever there was a mass murder,
they would say,
we have not yet found a connection to the Church of the Subgenius.
Well, now they say we have not yet found a connection to the internet.
The Church must take over the internet more quickly.
Yeah, we've been outpaced.
And, of course, the Satanists remain our main scapegoat and decoy, I guess.
And Jerry Fuzzy paints a very hoarse picture of Marilyn Manson,
but he doesn't realize that he was a Christian boy,
one of those people who had Christianity pumped into his,
sodomistically into his areas.
And that appears to be the old medieval thing where those guys...
Yikes, yikes.
Marilyn Manson sodomized a bunch of areas?
Of course.
With bundles of twine.
That's the only way to get it back.
That really means...

It means taking the wires to the ignition box
and leaving them out a few yards to the...
Have you ever had your body flossed?
Yeah, that's...
That's a medieval thing, too.
We're all getting them flossed nowadays.
Yeah, they run that...
Where you put the swallow, the one end of the floss,
and then when it comes out about six hours later,
you just yank back and forth.
Right.
But they're going to come up with a real long piece of floss.
The ergot ones will be just...
Well, you use a rope, actually.
Speaking of rages, you know, once they start foaming at the mouth,
where are we going to get them?
We're going to keep them like the albino refugees.
You've got your Indian them now.
Are you talking...
Dave, are you talking about the madness that comes from eating the ergot rotted bread?
Yes, since we're going to be all medieval pretty soon,
we might as well start, you know, living middle-age-style,
get ox carts and that.
I was thinking, I don't know.
Well, because of the Y2K bug sending us back in time to the 1990s?
No, it just appears everybody's kind of gone more nuts than me,
which kind of scares me.
You know, I know what you mean, Dave.
The other day...
You know, it's almost like when subgeniuses,
seem like the most sane people around.
Out of the babes of mouse.
What is this world coming to?
Yeah.
Yeah, that's it.
Dr. Legume, the other day, said to me,
you know, I knew that the end times were here
when I realized that I was most frequently the voice of reason.
I don't understand.
What kind of points of culmination or whatever would you give to a subgenius
who, you know, just feels so bad about everything that's going on?
Just everything seems so stupid.
Oh, we'd tell them to...
About the only thing that'd make you feel any better is to, like,
like a new Bob shirt.
Or the new X-Day video.
Double X-Day.
X-Day 98 video.
Wait, like, don't go bomb your school.
Buy a damn shirt for crying out loud.
Well, you know, that is exactly it.
Those kids, aside from their poor timing,
they're 65 days early with X-Day.
But the message, the kids, those kids who are lost,
their questions are, they're flooding their minds,
and they need to have that...
They need a walk-in full of ESO.
Yeah, they need to wallow into the solid rocket fuel.
They need to go and smoke the pipe of Bob.
And they need to be there so they can buy some ESO
and listen to that kind of music,
because the music they're listening to is making their souls sick.
It is.
It is making them kill in the wrong way.
And they need to listen to our music.
We're telling...
What we really mean is to...
What that really means is love the normals.
That's right.
Until they have...
Until they say nothing but Bob...
This is a love cult, man.
Yeah, man.
They're thinking up and down.
Yeah.
You don't have children with them.
Don't give them...
Fertilize them, but love them.
You know, don't...
Do not give them up.
Love them with the...
Love them with the crooked DNAs you're going to be spreading.
And when we say, take a pipe bomb to school,
we're talking about a bag full of pipes.
Free pipes.
The smoke, the kind that you smoke out of.
Yeah, a bomb pipe.
A pipe bomb.
Like you da bomb.
Right, like you da bomb, man.
We've been talking about pipe bombs all along.
You da pipe bomb.
You mean idiot kids.
It's like, I thought for sure they'd know we meant, you know,
those things that they normally use for smoking stuff like marijuana.
Yeah, you're supposed to...
We're trying to wean them off of that and off of bullets and hate
and turn them on to love, man.
That's what this...
It's a religion.
It's Bob's religion.
Bob and Connie.
Bob is love.
A sort of a pan flushing.
And Connie is...
You sure?
You brought fluid, you brought sex.
Yeah.
You know, if this rubric fluid starts moving funny,
what are you going to do?
The first thing, you don't want to kill mom, you don't want to kill dad.
Well, I don't know.
Well...
Well...
Kill.
Kill.
Kill.
Yeah, Dave, speak for yourself.
Yeah, well, Friday, she's into that, though.
What, killing mom and dad?
Yeah, she...
Oh, yeah.
Well, the good Friday is into the holocaustal kill stuff,
and the bad Friday is into the evangelical love stuff.
Well, which side do I get best on?
It depends on whether you take the Jekyll or the Hyde, man.
I don't like to get hit.
I like smooching.
I've got some Hyders.
I've got some Hyders.
And I've got some Jekyllers.
I think you get the backside of Friday.
Do you have some more rowers?
A gun is not a weapon, Marge.
It's a tool, like a butcher knife or a harpoon or an alligator.
You just need more education on this subject.
Tell you what, you come with me to an NRA meeting,
and if you still don't think guns are great,
I'll argue some more.
Ladies and gentlemen of the NRA, the M-boy Dukes.
Hit it.
I'm not a juvenile delinquent.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, I'm not a juvenile delinquent.
Who are you?
Who are you?
Who are you?
Just do the thing that's right
And you'd do nothing wrong
Life would be so nice
You'd be in paradise
I know, I know
Because I'm not a juvenile
Oh, listen, girls and boys
You need not be blue
Life is what you make of it
It all depends on you
I know, I know
Because I'm not a juvenile
Wait a minute, that's Ted Nugent on guitar.
That guy's a notorious nut.
Oh, man.
There's no way out of this.
I've never seen such recklessness.
Are you some kind of moron?
Yeah, but...
Hey, guts.
Guns aren't toys.
They're for family protection.
Hunting dangerous or delicious animals.
Keeping the King of England out of your face.
A lot of people are stroking guns.
Also, it has been brought to my attention
that a number of you are stroking guns.
Therefore, I will step aside and open up the floor.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you.
And a special thank you to Clyde Lewis
of Ground Zero in Salt Lake City.
We ran some tape from that self-same talk show.
And thanks, of course, to ESO, Einstein's Secret Orchestra,
on WCSB in Cleveland,
whose radio show a whole lot of that came from.
And a special, special, special, special thanks
to Reverend Susie the Flusie at WREK in Atlanta
for that amazing collage.
And that's only a fraction of what she put together
in her Get the Hell Out of School special.
This background music is Tramapoline.
Tramapoline.
That Feller Phil.
Jones.
In Sedalia, Missouri.
Okay, friends.
I'm out of here.
I'm going to bed.
I'm going to bed.
And soon there's more shoving
Rocks, leaps, and guns
And the floor is on
Kill and kill
Destroyed
It happened so quickly
It's already over in the sequence of events
Let the world keep turning
It won't make more sense
We can keep on learning
In the sequence of events
Hope you're learning something
Well, I was hoping the same thing about you
So, Herman, has the large-type edition
of this month's Soldier of Fortune come in yet?
Not yet.
Not yet.



Can I interest you in some authentic
mat-seat underpants?
No!
Actually, we came over because I want you to meet my grandson, Bart.
Huh.
Hello, young American.
Jeez, man, you scared the hell out of me.
Quick, get down here behind the purse with everybody else.
Oh.
Oh, man, it's even worse than we thought.
I got a glimpse of them.
They're us.
They're us.
It's the mutants killing the mutants.
What the hell is going on here?
But recently, everybody's noticing
Janie's acting very strangely, indeed
She's been hanging around with the toughest kids at school
And the devil, what hasn't she been experimenting with?
Don't
Janie, I'm about ready to check.
Don't stink an alphabet.
Huh?
Lisa, what are you doing?
That's a bad girl bathroom.
Adore you.
You want to egg Skinner's car?
Okay.
What are you looking at?
Nothing.
Then get out, because we're figuring out stuff to egg.
Okay, but if you really want to honk Skinner off,
I suggest you attack the one thing.
He truly believes in.
But theirs will be a swift and terrible end.
Many will follow their evil teachings,
that there is nothing wrong with sexual sin.
A place where beneath the surface of the carefree play
and routine school activity,
girls who are no longer children, but not yet women,
are caught up in a whirlpool of their emotions.
It tells the story of that delicate time in a girl's life
when genuine affection, the intrigue of youth,
and secret longing can erupt in an explosion
of a strange and dangerous love.
And Bobby's with his scout troop.
Muffy's playing tennis.
No one gets to play with Zorak.
Zorak is a menace.
Susie's at the shopping mall,
hanging with her schoolies.
No one gets to hang with Zorak.
He's just too unruly.
It's not easy being evil,
but evil's what I be.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Grandpa, I think this guy's a little nuts.
Oh, yeah?
Well, General George, that Patton was a little nuts.
And this guy is completely out of his mind.
We can't fail!
Has to suck that question!
Has to suck that question!
Has to cycle back!
Go!
I'm all gone
I can't circle back
I can't circle back
I can't circle back
I can't circle back
I can't circle back
I can't circle back
I can't circle back
No matter where you go
You're somewhere I don't want you to be
Watch out for them Albano recluses
They're everywhere now
We've met some of them
