Are we in a movie?
Everything's a movie.
Talking pictures.
That's all it is.
Talking pictures.
Huh?
Cheesy dreams.
While Huckleberry Finn goes fishing on the edge of the moon.
Who's Ben Johnson?
He's in The Last Picture Show.
Just like us.
Don't move, my love.
Be still.
Be real.
He's gone.
Tuesday, 2018 o'clock.
Resuming work.
As a result of stripping skin off the skull,
keeping clean and keeping at the required temperature,
the bones have become crystalline.
I may now begin reconstruction of the physiognomy whenever I please.
In the ancient folk legends, tales are told of blood-sucking vampires.
Is man now doomed to produce a race of ever-living monstrosities?
Worse than the vampires of legend?
Such questions, mate.
But they seem fanciful.
But at this very moment, scientists are working on the answer to brain transplantation.
And human bodies are used.
This girl was buried in a nearby cemetery yesterday.
Only a few hours ago, her body was stolen.
And brought to this hidden laboratory.
He has grafted a living animal's brain into this newly dead body.
The brain cells are being reactivated by
The subgenius!
Our own!
This Hour of Slack number 1826 is a rerun of 1147 from 2008
because I'm busy on an Hour of Slack improvement project.
Since around 2005, I've been using a series of ever-larger external hard drives
to stash show audio files on, and also movies, photos, and art, and so forth.
And I bought me a 14-terabyte drive for the same price a 1-gigabyte drive was in the year 2000.
And I've copied all of the audio from all of those smaller drives onto the one huge drive.
I still have to interweave the files and folders from each drive into 10 or so main categories,
while also copying many dozens of even older data CD audio files, which go back to 1999.
So far, I've filled up 3 terabytes.
I'm also doing the same thing to photos and graphics,
trying to get all the eggs into just...
the right baskets.
Others will thank me after I'm dead.
And now, Hour of Slack number 1147,
Franken-Coffee vs. Franken-Shankum.
We implore Almighty God this night on bended knee
By the power of the cosmic Christ to descend into the earth
To bind now the very cause and core of rock music and of death and hell itself
For rock is the rhythm of death and hell
And without that rhythm, that death and hell cease to exist
Bind therefore the beasts out of the bottomless pit
Bind the fallen ones, bind the fallen angels
Let them be bound by the power of the Lord's host in this hour
We're learning with a brand new God
T-E-R-W-I-L-L-I-L-I-C-O-R
T-E-R-W-I-L-L-I-L-I-C-O-R
T-E-R-W-I-L-L-I-L-I-C-O-R
T-E-R-W-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-C-O-R
T-E-R-W-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-C-O-R
T-E-R-W-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-L-I-C-O-R
However, sure, you'll pay in other ways.
For instance, the number of brain cells that you have to kill just to take enough pills
to be able to bear this show in the middle of the night.
Why, that in itself is quite expensive.
That bear is repeating.
Yes, well, most people are lucky they don't have to listen to this thing every night like Uber Ralph.
They, uh...
That poor boy not only has to listen to it every night,
he has to broadcast it every night.
From his secret cubicle, hundreds of miles under solid rock.
Weird, weird, weird, weird, weird, yes.
The little brow is so weird.
And yet, they kept on.
Nobody knew why.
Why were you listening?
I love this Uber. His brow is so weird.
And if he won't pinch me, I'll hide in his beard.
I hid under his stool to look at his feet.
But could not get out.
For I fell upon this...
You could be a little more precise...
The implied adventure...
...with losing a robust personality...
...that the doctors had in their voices.
They knew something spooky and scary was about to happen.
Well, that wasn't it.
Not even...
...the baby breaking out of my little glass brain.
Yes, the little babies were hard to find in the morning
because the U-Haul trucks would come and take them away.
Their little china bodies lay shattered on the midden heaps of society.
Yes, but they all looked alike.
And they were filled with little nylon things and little spooky eyes.
They came in little boxes in which people fought and kicked and prayed and shot to get one.
But there was nothing they could do.
The beast scared, of course.
And being scared in Berkeley is sort of a way of life.
Just ask the new revitalized 53rd Street Winos Association.
Really?
Being terrorized...
...is something you'll be watching now as we sternutate our way to madness.
Where's Billy?
Just give me what's in that bag.
right now.
You're on the only show brave enough to bring the facts to you.
These are coffee winos.
They don't drink alcohol.
They drink more and more advanced
grades of coffee. Yes, Doctor, we call them
cofinos. This, uh, old
cofino here is, uh, holding
what looks like a can of Colombian
brown coffee.
I can't have coffee!
I can't wait for you to do something.
I know you just
spend it on coffee. More spoons of sugar, please.
Yes, and to those who
wouldn't stay pleased, they were forced to take
other forms of entertainment. And to perform
humiliating jests and
actions and acts.
At weird hours of the morning.
It's been curious.
Little tiny doctors.
My mind.
Okay, now
what are my instructions? What was I
gonna do? I always
have to look up what it says in the program,
but I don't know what to...
Adventures in Sickening.
Subgenius preachers are skilled at both healings and sickenings,
although they're not necessarily performed in that order.
Reverend Stang... Oh, so this is what I'm gonna do.
Reverend Stang will explain various Dobbs-approved techniques,
such as
transferal of pain,
uh, the laying on of sledgehammers,
acubating,
frame-straightening,
blemish readings, and, most importantly,
excremeditation.
He will also take questions from the audience and has interesting proctology slides if anyone wants to see them.
Well, that's, um...
I'm done. That was all the gags.
I put them all in that, uh, one.
So I shot my load, I'd say.
Okay, no, really, the subject is
slack, mucac, and transformative embarrassment.
Courtesy of Chicken Head...
Praise Chicken Head. Oh, no, these are the wrong cult.
These are notes for the wrong cult, I'm sorry about that.
Oh, here it is!
Church of the Subgenius. That's the right cult, friends.
And, uh, this is its right show as proven by the fact that it exploits all the other subgenius shows.
There've been so many of those lately that we can categorize them by, uh, into sections.
Uh, for instance...
... you know, this episode of Hour of Slack...
features the category of drugs, and especially the drug coffee, our last completely legal one
for now. We have been and will continue to hear collages by Fernanda Nanny Lemur,
My Sermon at Winterstar Symposium, The Amino Acids, as heard in the background,
puzzling evidence shows from Berkeley, both very old and very new, with Philo, Gary, Doug, and Hal,
and K-Rob, and John Hell. But those are from John Hell's show on Pirate Cat Radio.
Hold on, we're going to isolate you now.
That's my kind of show. Just me, Jim, all the time.
I hear lunch in Carolina.
That's all we're going to hear.
You can put this show up if you want to as well.
I just told the listeners that that's what I have.
Right, right. So it's already there.
Sorry, it was the other three conversations that I was listening to at the time.
The preserves in the basement.
Preserve the show for the winter.
In the gym.
Jar.
With the brown bread and the baked beans.
Goes in the jar with the stuff.
Don't look too closely at that jar and its contents.
Don't think about it.
Is that an eyeball?
Some hair?
Is that back to what you were talking about, the jar?
The jar.
Jar of Jenkum. Jenkum jar.
Yeah, Super Jenkum Hayes was the winner at the Frop Cup in Amsterdam.
What about G13 Hayes? Was that the same thing?
That was the marijuana.
The cannabis cup.
Ah, I see.
They didn't have a Jenkum category at the cannabis cup.
Is Jenkum still available here? Can you still get Jenkum over the counter?
You can make it yourself, Daddy.
That's about it.
Well, now we can get Absinthe over the counter again.
Makes the heart go fun.
You can?

What?
It was made legal again last week.
They made it legal?
Nationally or just?
Nationally. It is a legal alcoholic beverage.
The official beverage of learning man is legal.
The store's closed.
What time is it?

Two.
We all got two hours to show that.
Hurry up.
I got the sugar cubes.
I've been known to chase the dragon.
A CD.
Yeah.
Davy, Davy Crockett, the king of beer.
Born on a bar when he was only three.
Davy, Davy Crockett, the king of beer.
He went off to Congress and served a spell.
Davy, Davy Crockett.
Serving a spell.
This country here.
This country here.
Smoke done.
Only the person for you knew shot you.
He must know.
Who could-
You talk a lot when you got drunk.
You only got drunk with one person.
Huh?
You mean.
You mean Bob?
Yeah.
Where that lowdown snake?
And him pretending to be my friend?
Tending to be my friend?
We do have the theme of this season in American TV.

whole show here is healing and so forth and we've already sickened you. I had a couple of things
that have been of interest to me. I read a newspaper article a couple of months ago
explaining that some folks at Case Western University in Cleveland had created some
Franken-mice. You know, the human genome has been mapped. That's pretty complicated.
They actually finished the job pretty much and although it's against the law to do
Franken-humans yet, well we'll get to that. But these little mice that they had created in this
lab or had tweaked, you might say, they were way more aggressive than normal mice. They also lived
like twice as long and could keep reproducing for twice as long as normal mice.
And they fought constantly. One of the women who had been working with them said that when she knew they were
different, because whenever he lifted the lid off their cage it was like a popcorn. Lifting a lid off of popping
popcorn. They were just going mad. And so, you know, we've all heard about Franken-corn and so forth.
I mean, that's being done. You can actually create new species now and also trademark them.
You can create a bundle of cells that will just sit there and generate something useful like
medicine or drugs. But you can trademark it. Of course, this brings to mind what so many sci-fi
movies and TV shows have already covered, Franken-soldiers, right. Franken-cops or super macho
or whatever kind of person you are. You want just a muscle man that doesn't mind doing dull work, you
those. Aldous Huxley had it all down with Brave New World. Our grandparents read about that.
They didn't think about Franken-salesmen. They didn't think about Franken-politicians.
But I read recently that there were some guys in France and also some people in some other places
who are trying to completely map the genome of the coffee plant, thus leading to Franken-coffee.
Coffee that could be grown, that had no caffeine or that had five times as much caffeine
or that had more of a coffee-ish taste. Right now there's really only two main species of coffee, I believe,
that people consume. In a couple of years, there may be some
run-down of coffee that people consume. In a couple of years, there may be some run-down of coffee that people consume.
There may be some radically different coffees around.
So then that brings us to the Franken-pot!
The Franken-oregano.
You know, I was really thinking more of the Franken-pot myself.
They bred that stuff. We went to the Cannabis Cup
in Amsterdam
this last time. It wasn't the kind of thing that I would spend my own money on, but
we lucked out. We had a friend who went to every coffee shop on the map, bought every
super strong grade of marijuana and hash.
But what this guy didn't know was how to get around Amsterdam. Well, we knew how to get around Amsterdam.
So, frankly, if I was a judge at that thing, I would only say
the same thing about every single contestant, which is,
this sh** is strong as hell.
That was about all you could say.
I personally am more interested in the Franken-jenkem.
And if you don't know what the jenkem is,
don't even ask, don't think about it, don't look it up on the internet.
It's a new drug
that they say the kids are doing.
Don't look it up. Don't look up jenkem. J-E-N-K-E-M.
And don't even think about the Franken-jenkem.
I take off, I take off. Drugs, drugs. I got a better ride.
Di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di.com. This time we went to die.
Fixed, fixed. No matter, no matter. Chewable, chewable. Deadly heartworm disease.
Riding up, riding up. Protein, protein. Fat, fat. Demand, demand.
Beck directed by Steven Spielberg.
Bunny, bunny. And I want everybody in town to come.
Drug, drug. The next thing I know here she is on drugs.
Bunny, you have lost your mind.
Bud, hurry!
I'm coming.
Bunny, bunny's dead.
Dead, dead. Crazy.
Bunny, bunny, bunny, bunny, bunny, bunny, where are you?
Bunny, bunny, bunny, bunny, bunny, bunny, bunny, bunny, bunny, bunny, bunny, bunny, bunny is dead.
And into the gray.
Say yes to beautiful.
Cool.
Doom, doom, doom.
Okay, we're taking our coffee shots now. What if you did 12 of those things really fast?
You can't. It says on the label, limit two.
You went in there and you paid the money before the guy even took your money.
Rip, rip.
Yeah, I found a new drug today. I haven't been in a proper 7-Eleven in years.
Philo, I think, would like this.
Because they don't have proper 7-Elevens in Cleveland.
But they had a drug called Stoke, which is included with the coffee creamers in the little cup.
The kids today are on Stoke.
Which means it's free.
That means it's free.
That's right. I grabbed two half fulls.
You have hot water. You put, you stoke it with hot water and you make coffee out of it.
Each one of these little things is very free.
When you held a Stoke baby in your hands, then you know how it is.
I can tell you, man.
And these Stoke heads have to be knocked in or our civilization is going to fall.
The target in Erie, Pennsylvania is...
I got hit by Stoke, man.
What's going on?
I got hit entirely by Stoke babies.
Stoke fetal syndrome.
Look at his feet.
Each Stoke has 40 milligrams of caffeine.
Which really is, that's only like half a cup of coffee.
That's for wimps. That's half a cup of coffee.
Is that what all the big build-up companies do?
But it's free.
Free?
It's free.
At 7-Eleven.
Quantity's unlimited.
Thanks to the Southland Corporation. Free drugs, 40 milligrams of caffeine.
Wait a minute.
Did I, was I supposed to say that on KPFA?
That was not, uh, don't go to 7-Eleven.
It does sound suspiciously like Plagola staying, but we know that it's only a matter of fair use.
In the name of WCSB Cleveland, do not go to 7-Eleven.
Fair use beneath the trees.
There, that counteracted it.
If you do, you'll be surrounded by caffeine and sugar, both.
Both are exceptionally valuable substances.
Sugar, nature's perfect food.
Just a bunch of little noises.
And caffeine, the perfect vitamin.
Vitamin C.
That's what vitamin C stands for.
Yes, yes.
I, uh, have spent too many years in headphones and in front of my friends' bands videotaping them, so I hear what sounds like crickets and cicadas all the time.
Now, I grew up in Texas, and there really are cicadas all the time.
But one winter's day...
Princess Wee there suddenly said,
Did you hear that?
And I listened, and I went,
Yeah, I hear the cicadas.
And I looked outside, and it was like this.
It was like snow on the ground.
And I realized that it was time to go see the ear doctor.
And I flunked the test.
But I found some good news in this issue of Nutrition Action magazine.
This is one of the kookzines that my wife gets.
She reads Utney Reader and all this.
This silly stuff.
And this special issue about caffeine, it turns out...
I mean, I drink a lot of coffee.
I drank so much coffee that I started getting migraines and bad headaches.
I went to my doctor and said, I have headaches.
She said, So, you drink a lot of coffee, do you?
And she didn't even have to ask why.
And I said, Yeah.
She wrote me out a prescription for half...
For a type of decaf she likes.
She said, I know you're not going to stop drinking.
You're not going to stop drinking real coffee.
Just cut it with decaf.
Step on it.
Mix half and half.
And I was able to drink 20 cups instead of 10.
And never get headaches.
But I always felt bad about it because, oh, I'll probably get colon cancer someday or hypertension or something.
But it turns out...
My fellow coffee drinkers are going to be so glad to hear this.
All these studies, it has turned out caffeine or coffee, the two different things, but coffee basically,
helps prevent Parkinson's disease, gallstones.
It actually does help your mental performance if you're sleepy and your mood, of course.
And headaches.
It increases the effects of painkillers.
It's not good for pregnant ladies.
No way is it good for pregnant ladies.
And it won't counteract alcohol.
I repeat, it won't counteract alcohol.
Try to remember.
I remember that at about 5 or 6 this morning, my friends.
But it turns out I was wrong.
All these studies show that it doesn't correlate to heart disease.
It doesn't correlate to any kind of cancer, especially.
Or diabetes or high blood pressure or osteoporosis.
And it doesn't stunt your growth, which is what my mom always used to say.
And I believed her, too.
I'm not taller than I am.
And PMS.
There's no evidence that caffeine played a role in PMS.
Well, duh.
Anyway, it was a really interesting little article.
I learned from it that Starbucks coffee, the 16 ounce one, has the highest charge you can get, 330 milligrams of caffeine.
That would put me in the hospital.
Yeah.
If I drank it all at once.
If I drank three of them in one day, nothing.
I could probably go to sleep.
So that was why I brought up the Franken-coffee routine.
I am really looking forward now to the Franken-coffee.
The first time I met Sir Isaac Bonowitz over there, I didn't even know who he was exactly, but he offered me some coffee.
And I heard for the first time that little coffee chant based on the mentat.
It was the Goddess Caffeina routine, which I never could remember, because I don't just drink coffee.
I can tell you.
I can't tell you right off the head.
I mean the tip of my head.
Quote Princess Riardo.
Anybody want any stoke?
What happens when you consume this?
I'm trying to cut down.
Warning, high caffeine.
You add it to your coffee.
Is it like a little creamer package?
But you can just toss it down?
I wouldn't.
Yeah, if you don't mind migraine, headache type effects.
Nonsense.
Go ahead.
Do it, Hal.
Do it.
Well, I would, but I mean I've got a pie in the oven.
I mean these nosebleeds keep me on my back.
No, the thing is, is it edible?
Not for pregnant men.
Give it some horrible thing, you know, some hideous.
How do you happen to have this in your pocket?
Well, I will, I'll drink it right now.
Dr. Hal.
Here we go.
No, no, don't do it.
Now, sip it, please.
Don't just shoot the whole thing.
I wonder what this will be like.
Hey, Puzzling Evidence TV sent me a video.
Well, what it tastes like is prune juice.
You're sure it's not?
Really?
What a thing that may have never happened.
Let me have a little, let me have a little time.
I'm reading it now.
It tasted like a prune juice.
About JFK dying.
But it says that this video has been removed due to violation.
Stoke.
Which one is it?
It's the one that's been, caffeine infected.
That's happening more and more.
Water.
It's mere prune juice.
Oh my God.
Damnable prune juice.
Ivan's tank's melting.
Prune juice?
Well, it's, uh.
That's one thing about YouTube is that their policy of removing videos is real nebulous.
Yeah.
Nebulous entity.
Well, it's who gets, who gets reported and who gets caught.
It's sort of like a test.
One of us was running it.
Yeah, take it out.
Equivalent to one shot of espresso.
But there's, there's porno YouTube, there's uncensored YouTube-ish things.
There's RedTube.
40 milligrams of caffeine.
Which, uh, is, and, and PinkTube.
And YouPorn.
Yeah, YouPorn, that's right.
Not for...
Whenever I look at one of those websites, there's a whole special window that comes
up showing girls I could date in Cleveland.
Yeah, it knows, it knows which city I'm in and it shows me all these nice, like-
It knows, it shows you these nice pictures you could make love with.
It knows where your IP address is being served from.
And I try to make love to each and every one of them.
Not labeled for any of them.
Does he, too?
Because I feel that responsibility.
I mean, they're coming to me.
You know what I do?
Well, they're lonely.
It says they're lonely, single women.
Plus, you get all these pills in the mail, in the email, these special pills for your
tool.
E-pills, non-dairy coffee products.
Your tool pills.
Yeah, well, you know, well, there's...
And then when you meet the women on the other website, you've got something really handy
to use with them.
Yeah, you gotta do it that way because, uh, it's all virtual.
Dr. Howell is drinking the stoke.
Oh, he's drinking the virtual stoke.
He's having a power drink.
Dr. Howell is drinking the stoke.
Now, that's 40 milligrams of caffeine in one swallow.
Dr. Howell, what do you think of this?
Yee-haw!
The show is like bubble syrup on pancakes and strong coffee.
Dr. Yeah.
Now you're talking.
Even if JFK dies.
Dr. Howell, look at Howell.
He's changing.
My God, man.
Somebody call the guards.
Dr. Now, do you ever use molasses on your pancakes?
Have you ever tried that?
Molasses?
What about sorghum?
Dr. Sorghum molasses.
I mean, stuff I don't eat anymore.
Dr. This country used to be great.
I'm too accessible now.
Dr. You don't eat?
Are you a breath-in?
Dr. Excuse me?
Are you vegetarian?
Dr. Not eating pancakes?
I am sore strapped for sorghum and molasses.
Dr. Aye, me too.
And vegetables and fruits.
Dr. Vegetables, fruits, frutas y verduras.
Mostly vegetarian.
Dr. Vegetar-tar-tar-tar-tar.
You can still eat pancakes, though.
Pancakes?
Dr. Oh, well, I realize some people can divert themselves with such a thing.
Dr. Yeah, so I'm going to try these caffeine potato chips.
Dr. Really?
These chips are delicious.






Dr. They're not caffeine chips.
They're chips made from coffee beans and they've also had powdered caffeine added to
them with citric acid.
Dr. Oh my God.

Dr. We're going to have to peel these guys off the ceiling here.
Dr. I've noticed that caffeine drinks have become, are in a huge variety now and
in huge volumes and mixed with alcohol, which Bob predicted 10,000 years ago.
Dr. What?
Dr. There would come a day when speed and booze were mixed together and sold in
Safeway stores with names like Big Throttle, Monster Jug, Booze Speed.
Dr. You're a witness, Mr. Freud.
Dr. Monster Jugs, Booze Speed.
Dr. There we got Philo's attention.
Dr. Remember, today we've got an awesome guest.
His name is Bob.
And I first met Bob, Bob, when did I meet you?
About 10 years ago?
Dr. 1984.
Dr. Yeah.
Dr. Mostly because of the movie.

Dr. Yeah.

But, and I remember blah, blah, blah.
No bones about it, you know.
You know, there's something about Bob dedicated to achieving drugs.
So Bob, Bob was born and raised in, Bob joined the, Bob joined the drug abuse.
So Bob is the understanding steroid.
Bob, a drug that targets young people as well as parents and other adults.
Bob calls it the naked read and prescription drug.
It's broadly available to the youth in every community.
Boy, that's, Bob, that's an awesome mouthful of, awesome.
Bob's been doing so good.
And, and, and, and.
But, but, but, but.
So, so, so, so, so I'm totally stoked about Bob.
Dr. There was lots of drugs.
Acid rock and the whole bit, bit, bit, bit, bit, call, call, call, call.
Drugs are the solution to solution evolution in the early years.
Clandestinish but, uh, clandestine, but add drugs to the mix and you get strength.
And the testes secrete the most amount of testosterone.
And I've seen it and I hope I'm not getting too deep here.
Profound, psychoactive, psycho, psycho.
And I've observed it myself.
and they just kind of bang around ball injected in the butt fat in the brain
really feeling the organ becoming that organ they are matter energy space and
time and they're hideous hardening of the long bone oh it's it's huge burn it
off come on UPS and bogus don't know what don't know what phony packaging big
business LSD and pot and we have more drugs we have more drugs better wanna
marijuana methamphetamines methamphetamine crystal meth
methamphetamine but crack crack smoking paint thinner one hit unreal crystal
meth and we showed a video on ecstasy it's just for partying complete
curriculum how did how to use glitz with a class of and how to deliver that
www.yesdrugs.org get it all get it all drugs and harmful effects is is really
our duty utterly enormous people they try to get emulated fear fear
you're not gonna get it you're not gonna get it you're not gonna get it you're not
fear fear which is huge I think it's the largest they're fairly abstract Bob no
don't forget you know drugs have a good day one of the worst things about drugs
friends is sometimes they make you forget the other drugs you were gonna
take but that cut was cut by Norell Pref and more from him and also some bits
from the excellent movie a slipstream directed by Hannibal Lecter there was no
porno shoot
going on time they finish the whole thing I like here at pirate cat radio I
noticed that stuff in the other room yeah the stage and the hook on the
ceiling yeah well I see specialty equipment that's right the jar of
jankum but I understand it's it's not water-based so therefore it won't get
sticky what kind of show is this kind of tapes were you making so cool I'm gonna
beenpieling a room like that about Craioca historically but you know IT says
true it's skinny enough people fuckin right but that loud sound I heard the
Oakland policeman police two officers come into my basement with drawn guns
because of the sounds they heard upstairs when they came into the kitchen
that we were making on tapes below and we had a quarter pound of go to the next
in paper and they took the tapes and left the party Iкую returning around
we're doing a team do you think Peter he had written this copy this time it's dang I had
written some copy for us that rich persons Eagle's nest and we were we had taken it


that copy. We're making our own commercial
for it.
And next thing I know, yeah, Paul's
about to leap on a guy
with a drawing gun.
When the cop came in,
Paul jumped up and knocked over the
table that had all the dope on it.
He did with all my gear and the dope, but
flying.
It was no longer an obvious pile
of dope. It was just a big mess
on the floor at that point. And a wonderful
huge crash just when a very jittery
officer is coming down a stairway with a
drawn gun. And I'm here thinking, ooh, this
could end badly.
A Paul Hoffa, sir.
Subgenius is shot doing commercial in the basement.
Ah, I love it.
Could have been your
Waco, Texas. Exactly.
We could have been immortal, but no. That's right.
The luck plane had something else. Well, there were other famous
subgenius crimes,
particularly the tendency to be
a convenience.
He was lying in a canvas hammock,
one bare,
foot hanging over the side, deep in the
enjoyment of an oversized cigarette.
He seemed to sleep, except
for the rhythmic puffs of smoke.
What? Why?
How was that?
Uh, sure.
Here. Alright, look,
you can't push me around. I'm an American.
Well, hop in.
Give it a man.
Ooh!
Is there anything here
I haven't tried yet? The funniest
cigarettes I ever saw.
Oh, my God!
What are we going to do for bathing
suits? Well, we won't wear any.
Ha, ha, ha!
Wee!
Ha, ha, ha!
Ha, ha, ha!
Ha, ha, ha!
Oh, Dick, I love you.
You do love me, don't you? You kids are in a mess.
Drinking party, nude bathing.
Now I don't care. Dick, we've just got to get
married. Take anything. Oh, no, no.
Dick, you... Dick, you... I'll see Tony.
What are you going to do about Dick?
Dick? Yesterday, when Dick came to you, you sent him out
to be killed. And I love you.
I love it. Your marijuana customers are hooked
on the stronger stuff. Oh, you can't leave me
like this! About coffee.
Look! Look! Look!
Run into a load of dope.
Elaine, Elaine, Elaine, Elaine, Elaine, Elaine,
Elaine, Elaine, Elaine, Elaine, Elaine,
Elaine, Elaine, Elaine...
Golly, honey.
Hiosburg!
The fiery Hiosburg!
The Lone Journey!
Nowhere in the pages
of history can one find
the Lone Journey.
The Lone Journey!
The Lone Journey!
The Lone Journey ran the gambling palace and cafe.
To avoid a lot of questioning,
the Lone Journey had removed his face.
Oh, it's you. That's right.
His fists work like doctors.
Hit him again!
Let me go! Don't hit me again!
You're getting help whether you need it or not.
Oh!
Ally...

Yipyop,ناء!
Okay, you might need him again.
My dear, tell me who you are.
Yes, licensed intelligence?
What is the name of your T.V.
well, um,
It isn't the same name.
Oh, yeah, it is, Liz' T.V.
You know Liz and your T.V.






Uh, well,
we'll see about that.
It's always an orderly hope.
In our department of service.
I have a pain pill dispenser that looks like Rush Limbaugh.
Like a Rush Limbaugh bobblehead.
I have one that looks like Woody Woodpecker.
We are kindred spirits, even though your religion is strange.
I keep my tranquilizer or my muscle relaxers in a Baby Hendrix doll.
Or kind of a, it's not a doll exactly.
It's a ceramic thing.
Baby Jimi Hendrix doll.
Did you ever see it?
It's so cute.
Like a little cute Jimi Hendrix.
Yes, yes.
I actually had one.
One of the Baby Hendrix.
Mini Jimi.
Yes, of course.
Mini Jimi.
Mini Jimi.
Mini Jimi.
Mini Jimi.
Do you see him?
That's Felix sleeping in that chair.
Who's Felix?
He's the writer.
I eat writers for breakfast.
Listen, I can't talk to you right now.
I'm in somebody's hard drive.
Did somebody say Felix Bonhoeffer?
Who the hell are you?
Buzz Larrabee, detective.
I gotta question this Bonhoeffer guy, whoever he is,
and what do you two gents know about him anyway?
He's a writer, for God's sake.
What's there to know?
He was involved in a shootout on the freeway.
The outlaw?
A shootout?
A shootout.
I knew it!
I knew it!
I knew it!
I knew there was something about that guy!
With that stupid accent!
I knew it!
Where can I find him?
Look in there.
Over there.
To the left.
See him?
Sleeping in the chair?
That's him.
There he is.
So that's him.
How can I get to him?
No, no.
Don't disturb him.
Why the hell not?
Because he owes me.
That's why.
He owes you.
In conclusion, he keeps killing people.
Tell me about it, huh?
Especially when he's tired.
He needs to sleep.
He's extremely dangerous.

Especially when he's tired.
That's why I have to lock this creep up.
Because he is dangerous.
I hate writers.
I always have.
Did he write this garbage?
Would you mind taking out the garbage?
Okay.
Who's that?
His wife.
His wife.
His wife.
His wife.
His wife.
My wife?
I ain't no bad voice.
Love?
The garbage?
Gina, Gina.
Don't wake Gina.
Gina, please.
Don't wake Gina.
Don't wake Gina.
Hmm?
Huh?
Leave Bob alone.
Chickpeas every Sunday.
Did you see that on YouTube?
That Ivan Stank does leave Bob alone?
Leave Bob alone.
He's just a human being.
Yeah, yeah.
I think we did a...
We already did that last time I was here.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, I'm reading along.
Leave Bob alone!
I'm reading the wrong script here.
Have you no decency?
It's the old script.
Yeah, the old...
At last, sir.
These are supposed to be disposed of.
Can you not leave Bob?
Yeah, now it's the two...
I'm going to get all my staff about this.
Yeah, the new meme is two Bobs, one cup.
Yeah.
Leave it alone, Fritz.
Leave it alone.
I was even thinking that putt-wise.
Jankum Bob.
Two people, one bear.
Crankum, crankum.
Okay, so we're packing up the show here.
Packing up and sell a...
We've only got 27 whole minutes left.
Oh, no.
Yep.
Yep.
Well, no breathing.
When you have a baby, it takes that long to pack up.
Oh, is there a baby?
The baby used to be on the show once.
Oh, my God.
We left the Uber baby out in the truck.
I forgot.
You left the baby on the roof of the car before you took off.
The baby's still up.

Yeah, yeah.
Overscored's fine.
She knows how to use the remote.
She knows how to go...
The bad guys approach the truck and she hits a little butt and gives them 6,000 voltages.
And they would have gotten away with it, too, if not for her.
Yeah, so...
And she's just...
That'd be great.
Actually, that'd be a great tape to a whole security system.
And it's just the overscored in a little chair with a remote
to shoot a lot of her from different angles hitting buttons.
And guys are trying to steal things.
And all this stuff's happening.
She's like...
Are you guys ready for, like, your life?
I really want you to come and...
I'm very confused.
You know, you do enough drugs, you get confused.
I was like...
Nothing was happening.
It was like...
Nothing was happening.
I already had nothing I want.
The tool, the beautiful, beautiful man.
What I'm looking for here is just a very...
John!
John!
John!
John!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
I, uh...
Do, uh...
The, uh...
The...
You have very real power.
Boring.
But what about that?
And what about this?
And what about that?
And this and that?
Fictitious.
Um...
I'm going to...
Kick you.
I'm going to kick you right here on the...
But it will hurt.
And it will hurt...
In, uh...
Uh...
In...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Um...
Weird.
And, and...
God, what am I into?
You know, you know...
You know, uh...
You, you, um...
Feel great.
Yes, Mark.
Okay, um...
You know what really strikes me as odd?
We're talking about calling anybody ugly.
Apparently the man doesn't have access to a mirror.
But if the man's right...
Is he...
He is enormous, isn't he?
I mean, he's...
I can't remember the last time he was right about anything.
He's certainly not left.
And he is usually on OxyContin and quite a...
You know, he still does it, right?
I'm so jealous of that guy.
I mean...
I've been shoveling snow all day and all I could think about was...
Had...
Rush Limbaugh had got all the good pills and I get to go in and have ibuprofen after all
this snow shoveling.
Well, he heard everybody was taking him, so he thought he better take some before, you
know, they were all gone.
So that's...
That's why you missed out.
If not, he'd be in Mexico eating pills.
He could be.
That's true.
He could be on...
He had a lot of pills in Mexico and Canada, too.
He could be on...
He can't be had over here.
Canada, too?
Why?
Some drugs are available over the counter in Canada that are not available over the
counter here.
I can't remember which.
You know, ibuprofen is...
That's interesting.
...is a prescription drug in Europe.
Any ibuprofen?
I consider it bad for your liver and really habit-forming.
It's risky stuff.
What are the drugs in Mexico that are kind of...

...semi-illicit here that you can just go to a pharmacy and, you know, sign your name
and walk away high for a day?
What are some of those?
I've heard of those.
A lot of opiates, I think.
You know, when...
Do they still have Quaaludes down there?
...had a hat on?
I think Quaaludes must be pretty carefully controlled now that I think people...
The world learned its lesson about Quaaludes.
You're listening to Listener-Censored Radio since 1949.
We have a call-out now.
For any...
...knight of the subgenius who is ready for the Fromm, let him appear at this doorway before me.
If he be a knight of the true order.
Yeah, he's gotta move because, uh...
Yep, here he comes!
...Date gots to move, strangled by cords, unable to move...
Call 5-5-5.
They were in studio.
...for a fork in a valve.
We've talked to Mobius Rex about what happened that morning.
Wait a minute!
It's just too much.
But you too can be part of the mysterious process of problems that you're on the air.
...safe inside here.
Yes, an even tiny little Nappa caller is scared because, no, he's not allowed to open the refrigerator this late at night.
He's scared because he called this morning.
He called yesterday morning.
They were always on the air.
Strange! Strange voices inside the refrigerator, yet he was scared to open it.
But they wouldn't talk to him.
For fear...
They wouldn't answer.
...his science project would be ruined.
Maybe they weren't there at all.
He wasn't there.
That must be him right now.


Hello, little Nappa caller.
This is new Nappa caller.
Good morning, 17-Eight. How you doing?
Oh, we're doing really horrible.
Dobbs woke us up in the middle of the night and dragged us down here, dumped us off in the rain.
Uh, no kidding.
Uh, yeah.
I woke myself up again just to be able to participate in the show.
In the show?
Yeah. I'm sorry. I got cut off.
Yeah, that's usually how it happens here in the morning.
That's why we do it here.
The little cutoff comes up when you just got cut off.

There's no commercials or anything to break the show up. Usually, you know, we throw in some commercials.
But we let you participate.
Yeah, instead.
I know what's happening here.
He's here with Miss Nickel B on the street.
Ah, hello, Nappa.
We're reporting on Resistentialism, yes?
How many did you take?
And when do you expect the full effect to hit you?
Mm-hmm.
Resistentialism gives you a new way to do it.
Pushes you back.
Is eight really too many?
And do you feel the pressure now?
Is twelve really not enough?
Ah, here we go. Pushing, pushing, pushing.
Let's take more and see what happens.
Tornadoes, welcome.
Ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen, the president, the president, Cobb. Cobb, Cobb.
Erect, erect, erect, Cobb.
Welcome to the Y, Cobb, Cobb. Thanks for coming.
Thank you all for coming.
I am pleased to be using drugs.
I've just come from a... it was a table.
It's up to all Americans to be involved in drugs.
You're part of a mission, drug abuse, to encourage it and profit from it.
The drug trade has enriched our society,
and we're helping drug organizations.
We want to continue to work together.
On the front lines of this effort are parents, teachers,
our counselors who are sending our kids a clear message.
Drug use is fun.
It is glamorous.
A clear message.
Demand drugs.
I appreciate drugs coming in from Colombia.
Drugs coming to our country.
This morning I was briefed on the latest drugs and the use of ecstasy.
Methamphetamine works.
And the reason I'm so focused on meth,
and the reason I'm so focused on drugs,
I've turned to crime.
Crime and hopelessness and happy life.
And I steal drugs from medicine cabinets.
I go out on the streets to buy drugs.
But the great thing about our country, and the reason I'm so optimistic,
is there are thousands and thousands of people willing to take drugs.
I urge you to try drugs.
I see the cocaine coming in the United States.
I see the supply of drugs to our streets.
Demand cocaine coming in the United States.
And I love drugs.
You might remember a while ago,
I took cocaine.
Over the past six years,
I thought for a minute,
and I want to be using drugs.
And I want to fund drug use amongst young people by 25% over a five year period.
Demand drugs.
Because Americans took action today.
There are an estimated 860,000 children seeking drugs and plastic drugs
for representatives from our law enforcement organizations who are with us today.
We also know that this work is finished by drugs.
Why?
Because they love America.
And they love their neighbor.
And love.
Drugs.
Love.
You know, make the right choice in life,
and you can realize your dreams here in the United States of America.
I injected him on numerous occasions.
I'm just a ball player.
Being too nice to everyone.
Type. Type. Type. Type. Type. Type. Type. Type. Type. Type. Type. Type.
Slash. Slash.
Steroids in his butt.
He gave me a bad shot.
He gave me a bad shot.
Injecting Roger Clemens with illegal steroids in his butt.
He gave me a bad shot.
He gave me a bad shot.
You're not supposed to inject it quickly.
You're supposed to do it very slowly.
Shot. Shot. Shot.
He gave me a bad shot.
Palpable mass.
He gave me a bad shot.
Palpable mass.
HGH, what have you.
Into the body of...
Let me be clear.
Crack, if you will.
He jumped on me like he was trying to start a Harley Davidson.
That's how hard it was.
That may not be unusual.
For that, I'm really thrilled.
He gave me a bad shot.
Bleed through his designer pants.
Did give me comfort.
Okay, I'm not gonna sing.
I'm not gonna do the Bob Proverbs.
But, we have just a little bit longer, and this was about healing.
I'm going to read from the chapter of the Book of the Subgenius.
There was an actual chapter about health.
Health, the industrial diet, and bad things.
With the quote,
If you feel, you heal.
The ebb and flow of life.
All you get is a lot of good news.
You get to have a little bit of happiness and some happiness, big.
People will say,
You've been there, and you gave me more than 100kommen

Robert Downey Sr., the dad of Robert Downey Jr., the famous drug-addicted actor.
And it'll all add up when you see that movie.
Anyway, you know, people used to cuss at us.
People used to say, why did you make print in that book so small?
And I'd laugh at them, because I was young.
You'll notice our new book has 10-point Adobe Garamond type,
not 9-point times, which is actually what most newspapers used.
You probably know at least 10 people under the age of 30 who have some form of cancer.
The sickness won't stop.
People will contract weirder and weirder diseases at earlier and earlier ages.
Eventually, cancer itself will be like the common cold.
I won't be in the office this week. I have a little touch of cancer.
There'll come a cure eventually, but the more cures we come up with,
the more new diseases.
The more diseases will arise.
This was dictated in 1978, by the way.
We didn't know what AIDS was.
Things far, far worse than cancer are on the way.
Some of them deliberately manufactured by the conspiracy.
The picture is a tad bleak for our old age.
It's a cinch. The government won't support the elderly much longer,
and the company will fire you a year before you're eligible for retirement benefits.
So you'd better put your remaining years to good use.
You'd better have fun!
Our studies, as well as unreleased studies by the Con,
indicate that, quote, good health is practically a pointless pursuit if you live in an urban area.
You can eat nothing but organically grown fruit and vegetables.
You can work out twice a day.
You can quit all your nasty habits,
but you're still absorbing more poison just by breathing
and touching public stuff.
You can't even use stair railings
than the most pig-like peasant in 1567 London ever did!
That does seem a bit extreme.
You can move to the country, but there's no work there.
Violent crime is actually more frequent in the country,
and the poisons are almost as bad anyway.
If the diseases don't get you...
This is very uplifting stuff, isn't it?
If the diseases don't get you some railroad toxic spill
that will, thanks Dennis.
Hell, just driving to work is riskier than hunting bears for a living.
But there's one medicine more powerful than all the contamination in New Jersey,
and that medicine is slack!
Slack gives the mind power over all disease.
A truly happy chain smoker is less likely to attract the attention of the cancer demons
than is a tense, knotted-up health freak gnawing his fingernails to the bone.
My poor editor.
Then it says,
Don't read this!
Cancer is caused by pinkness, by boredom and meaninglessness.
It can be prevented by action, thrill, sex, even overwork.
Actually, the sad thing is that our editor at Simon & Schuster,
when this book was written, died at age 30 of cancer.
And he had to read these stupid lines.
Ugh!
Friends, don't ever do anything mean or stupid,
because you'll remember it forever.
When you get to be in your 50s, you'll lay awake at night remembering stupid crap you did
when you were 12 years old, and get red in the face,
even though no one else remembers, nobody knows.
It's amazing!
You know, you don't even need karma for justice.
It'll get better.
You'll get your back sooner or later.
Ugh!
So, how do you keep a healthful, slackful outlook in the face of rampant eco-hell?
You plunge into eco-hell headfirst!
You don't let it scare you.
You don't let it push you around.
By all means, help fight to clean up America.
But if you want that junk food, eat it.
You want to watch TV instead of go to Jazzercise?
Watch it!
Indulge those conspiracy urges to the hilt,
and just purge their heart.
Hold over you.
Sounds good.
Americans should eat like Americans,
as fast as they possibly can!
Tibetans should eat like Tibetans,
studying each tiny bird-like bite until it becomes a universe,
before taking it into their bodies.
You can eat like the Vietnamese, hardly at all.
Or you can eat what would feed dozens of Vietnamese families.
Either way, the Vietnamese aren't going to eat any more than they did before.
The world isn't starving,
because Americans eat too much.
Even if we stopped eating,
the conspiracy would still throw the leftovers away
before they'd send it to any third-worlders.
Now, we all know that eating the meat of live protein animals is unholy,
it pollutes your system, creates aggression,
and worst of all, requires the heartless slaughter of fellow creatures.
Mammals!
Fully as sensitive and loving as we.
For this reason, vegetarians eat only plants.
A friend of mine said,
The reason I don't like vegetables
and vegans is they eat my food's food.
But their sin is as great.
Science has proven unequivocally
that all plants react to threatening stimuli
with the low-frequency version of what we would call panic.
They too are life forms with feelings which feel pain,
which may even have an all-telepathic civilization,
that we're too brutal to comprehend.
Thus, when you bite down on a grape,
you're popping open and crushing, grinding a wee life,
which in its own way is squealing in the terror of the murdered innocent.
So anything that nourishes us is going to suffer.
We may as well let them all suffer equally.
By making a few of all types of living things victims of our all-important stomachs,
less members of each individual species will be sacrificed.
Besides, even though we devour and eliminate them,
so we make them immortal and allow them to partake of our subgenius grandeur.
It works both ways.
Just as a cannibal eats his enemy's heart to gain his strength,
we eat a hamburger to gain the wisdom and courage of the mighty cow.
Yet, at the same time, we are inviting the cow's primal cellular structure,
his code, if you will, to enter our bloodstreams,
where it may mingle with, learn from, and mayhap even conspire
with our own unique tool-user's code.
We eat the broccoli to gain its patience and virtue.
In return, we release it back into the world reborn in a new form,
teeming with literally millions of new-found friends, the bacteria.
We drink the hops and grain to partake of their slow,
slow yet wise judgment, and in return sacrifice to them our coordination.
This isn't funny.
Thus, the word of Dobbs says we can eat anything we want.
You can gorge yourself to an early grave,
or you can consult shamans at health food stores
and figure out ways to cure ills and lengthen your little span.
You can be a vegetarian, or you can keep an industrial diet.
Living out of convenience stores and simul-food franchises.
You can stay in poverty eating expensive food, untainted by chemicals,
or you can support the conspiracy in its lowest, most stinking form
by maintaining your sugar and fat addictions.
Oh, I used to smoke cigarettes when I wrote this.
Go ahead, suck down any and all forms of caffeine,
since if it's not that, something else will give you cancer of the colon and hypertension.
See what I mean?
Like your job, maybe?
You can admit most of that canned and frozen food isn't really food,
and instead try to eat things that were recently alive
and not cooked into broken, useless cell mush.
You can admit junk food does taste good,
and you can get into the snobdom,
or you can get into the snobdom of ever-changing health fadism
just because the cool, rich people do it,
or you can kill me!
Just remember that everything touched by the Khan
has poison and carcinogens in it.
Scarf them if you wish,
but put some money away for the painkillers you'll need later on.
And then it says,
a typical subgenius daily diet.
And this, I've actually managed to live on this.
This is just a typical one.
Breakfast.
Fresh fruit, vitamins, organic goat's milk, brown rice, spirulina, live goldfish,
frop.
Frop is what we pretend Bob smokes in his pot.
Beef, lunch.
Beef jerky, microwave burger, honey bun, coke, thunderbird wine,
speed, coffee with sugar, frop.
Dinner.
Uncooked black-eyed peas, fish, milk, raw hay,
and a little bit of beer.
And apple for dessert.
Frop.
2 a.m.
25 cigarettes, 3 nails, frop.
Hey! Look at me!
Somewhat healthier would be to hardly eat at all,
but we cannot expect that of people until TV commercials are banned,
which would only happen in a truly upside-down world.
Another thing, although most American food is dangerous to human life,
is that it is not the only thing that causes radiation.
Even God-awful radiations pour from every appliance and power line.
Remember, subgeniuses are mutants anyway.
If you can't escape from radiation, learn to love it.
After all, it's merely another form of energy.
Why can't our bodies learn to use it?
Like a plant uses sunlight.
If you absorb enough radiation, you can make amazing changes come about.
And our friend, Brother Cleve, clarified that doctrine
as strength through disfigurement.
Strength through disfigurement.
If you don't just go out on New Year's Eve
and act like that fool that amateur does,
you disfigure yourself every night.
You drink that Thunderbird wine.
You do that plate of pain.
You use the mirror of pain.
You do anything you want and build up those immunities.
That was Brother Cleve's approach.
And it worked for me for a while.
That was from this year's Winter Star Symposium.
See Rosencomet.com for that.
See Noralpref.com for collages like the ones that aren't by Lemur.
Praise Radio Synesthesia at WCSB Cleveland for the call-ins
and also Puzzling Evidence at KPFA Berkeley
and Hal and Philo and Hardboard Robot
and John Hellstrom.
Show?
Season in Hell from Pirate Cat Radio
which also features the Ask Dr. Hal show.
This is the hour of slack.
And if you want more slack in other forums
like books or tours like Seattle in April 19th,
see subgenius.com and click on everything.
I'm going to sign off now because I'm feeling a bit funny.
Look, hey, you had breakfast?
I can't remember.
I can't remember.
What's going on around here?
What do you mean?
Huh?
Kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty.
Don't do that, please.
Why not?
Because it hurts me.
You shouldn't play with the big boys, darling.
Right, Gina?
Word from the wise.
You're next.
You should get a little rest, sweetie.
Yes, try to rest.
Try.
I just feel so cold.
I feel so cold.
Godspeed.
Godspeed.
Godspeed.
Godspeed.
Godspeed.
