With infinite complacence, people went to and fro over the earth about their little affairs,
serene in the assurance of their dominion over this small, spinning fragment of solar driftwood,
which by chance or design, man has inherited out of the dark mystery of time and space.
Yet across an immense, ethereal gulf,
minds that are to our minds as ours are to the beasts in the jungle,
people, intellects, vast, cool, and unsympathetic,
regarded this earth with envious eyes and slowly and surely drew their plans against us.
Our mission to Mars takes place sometime in the future
when a sightseeing trip to the red planet is an everyday adventure.
When you enter, please use all three aisles.
Keep your group together and move as far toward the end as you can.
Welcome to mission control, space travelers.
The first part of your trip to Mars today will be directed from this room,
and so will your landing when you return to Earth.
Now on the large monitor, you can see your spacecraft waiting on the launch pad.
Countdown is in progress and all systems are go.
Have a good flight.
Thank you, Mr. Johnson.
Ladies and gentlemen, please follow me to the boarding gate.
Mars is the new planet.




295, auto control is terminated.
You are cleared for hyperspace penetration.
Good luck.
295.
Back in the 70s and 80s, this would have seemed like science fiction,
but today it's routine.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome aboard our McDonnell Douglas DC-88 space liner
for today's mission to Mars.
The captain has asked that you remain in your seats at all times.
And please, no smoking.
Attention, please.
Folks, this is Third Officer Collins speaking.
I'm your tour guide today, and I'll be telling you about what's going on during the trip.
Right now, we're on final countdown,
and you can watch our liftoff on the lower screen in your cabin.
I'll speak to you again after we're in space.
Mission control, this is Mars 295 ready for departure.
295, roger. Countdown is go.
Going up in 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.
We'll meet again at midnight.
We'll meet again at midnight.
Let's get some hot chicks on the phone and talk about Mars or something.
Well, why don't you get off the phone, because our phone lines are pretty much clogged up on your dumb ass.
Pointed at the pigeons.
Video taped the whole thing.
Well, come on. There's got to be some redheads out there. Real redheads.
Listen to the conversation of these lost youth.
We are destroyed for lack of knowledge.
New caller on the air.
Hello?
Hello.
Yeah, so, so, so, it's destroyed for lack of knowledge.
So, oh, should we be talking about, like, current events?
Like, whether, like, we should be exploring Mars or paying off the...
Oh, did you hear the babies?
Or should we be talking about, like, the price of frop in China?
Myself, personally, you know.
Did you hear the babies?
Well, the baby in the first vessel that landed on Mars is not dead.
The baby is...
Maybe I...
A Mars baby.
My boss gets real upset when I talk about the babies that they put in those things.
Oh, they said, did they send...
Is that where they sent all the aborted fetuses was to Mars?
Oh, no, no, no. But seriously, you know, they...
What does a Martian baby taste like?
NASA doesn't make a big deal about this.
They don't talk about it on networks.
But if you look on the Internet news, there's, you know, further down at the end of the story, they'll report on these...
They were orphans, you know.
These were babies that nobody wanted.
Oh, oh. So they sent them to Mars, and maybe if they lived, then they'd live, and they'd be like Martian babies.
And then, like in the future, like in Ray Bradbury, when the people would go there, there'd be, like...
Well, the idea was to slowly...
These humans they're waiting for...
With somebody that...
For one thing, adult-sized people can't fit on those crafts.
Those are...
It's too expensive.
And it's experimental.
You know, this was like...
And you know how the animal rights people are.
They can't use chemicals.
Oh, yeah. So you can't use animals.
So...
But they have these...
They have these, like, test tube babies, basically ready to...
That would be, quote, born, unquote, shortly upon landing.
On Mars.
And then would be slowly adjusted to the Martian atmosphere.
They'd never really be able to breathe completely.
Oh, and really, like, those little robot things that they had that you think are riding around Mars are really, like, attendant to the babies, like changing their diapers and giving them bottles and things like that.
Is that what's going on there?
Somewhat.
That's...
There's...
There's...
Yeah, I mean, they...
They're twins?
They're doing that research.
But the whole thing is, like, there was...
Why not?
That was, I think, the scientific question.
Why not?
These kids, like I say, were abandoned or whatever.
They were found in a dumpster, like, nearly dead.
And it's like, well, the moms threw them away, so...
You know, it's garbage.
You can do whatever you want with garbage, right?
That's right.
It's public domain.
Well, it's not exactly that...
It's not like that.
I mean, that's...
That's silly.
But they...
But it's surprising how many people didn't know about the babies aboard the Opportunity
in the Spirit.
They're not inside the little crawling robots.
They're inside the body of the lander itself.
And I think that they...
The body of the lamb.
All right, guys.
We got to pause for station identification here.
Oh, yeah.
I was driving on the freeway in the...
Yeah.











So, we passed by the fast lane with a rabid wolverine in my underwear when suddenly a guy
behind me in the back seat popped right up and cut those hands across my eyes.
I guess they said, Uncle Frank or Cousin Louie.
Is it Bob or Joe or Walter?
Could it be Bill or Jim or Ed or Bernie or Steve?
I probably would have kept on guessing, but about that time we crashed into the truck.
And as I'm bleeding, bleeding, there are the asphalt.
Finally, I recognize the face of my Himachi dealer.
Who takes off his prosthetic lips and tells me
Everything you know is wrong
Black is white, up is down and short is long
And everything you thought was just so important doesn't matter
Everything you know is wrong
Just forget the words that sing along
All you need to understand is everything you know is wrong
I was walking to the kitchen for some golden grams
When I accidentally stepped into an alternate dimension
And soon I was abducted by some aliens from space who kinda looked like Jamie Marr
They sucked out my internal organs and they took some Polaroids
And said I was a darn good sport
And as a way of saying thank you they offered to transport me back to any point in history that I would care to go
And so I had them send me back to last Thursday night
So I could paint my own picture
And my phone bill on time
Just then the floating disembodied head of Colonel Sanders started yelling
Everything you know is wrong
Black is white, up is down and short is long
And everything you thought was just so important doesn't matter
Everything you know is wrong
Just forget the words that sing along
All you need to understand is everything you know is wrong
Flste Zait 000
Closed Captioning by ancientroc0
I was just about to mail a letter to my evil twin
When I got a nasty paper cut
And well, to make a long story short
It got infected and I died
So now I'm up in heaven with St. Peter
By the pearly gates
And it's obvious he doesn't like the narrow jacket
That I'm wearing
He tells me that they've got a dress code
Well, he lets me into heaven anyway
But I get the room next to the noisy ice machine
For all eternity
And every day he runs by screaming
Everything you know is wrong
Black is white, up is down, and short is long
And everything you used to think was so important
Doesn't really matter anymore
Because of simple fact remakes it
Everything you know is wrong
Just forget the words and sing along
All you need to understand is
Everything you know is wrong
Everything you know is wrong
Weird Al Yankovic, dear friends
And that's probably the most normal thing
That you're going to hear on this show all month
Much of this particular hour of slack
Number 934
Is from the
Dr. Sinister's Radio Sinesthesia show
On WCSB Cleveland
At which lonesome cowboy Dave
And Princess Wee and I
Invade now and then
In between live hours of slack
Such as the other night
When we were watching Princess Wee
The queen of all the UFOs, of course
Was watching the Mars crash last night
You know, they broadcast that live on the internet
So you can have a window in NASA
Which is kind of like a small classroom now
It used to be a giant classroom
Now it looks like a small classroom
With few cubby holes and guys with computers
And that's NASA now
And they were happy as can be
Because the babies
The one baby they thought had died
Was still alive
And the other one that was just landed
Had landed successfully
And was drinking its little fluid and so forth
And the robot was taking pictures
And it's weird looking
It's like it's in a different place
They're in a different higher elevation
Looking for signs of water
And there's like these Yeti droppings
These, well, to us they're Yeti droppings
The sign is there
They'll say that they're rocks or something
But there's these big flat white sheets
Of stinking, oozing putrescence
That obviously, Danny said
Genius thought that's a Yeti
Yeti's stinking
I love that word
But space Yeti
You know, Martian Yetis, whatever
Hey, it's like lagging behind
I don't want to
There's a six second delay
Between what's on the phone
And what we broadcast
Turn your radio down
Yeah, and then there's
And then there's probably some more delay
Through the internet
It's the technology of the future
It allows time travel
It's amazing
You are listening back in time
Backward, slow, crappy, crackly time travel
When you go back in time
You're there
But you're all crackly
Well, I can't listen
That's going to make me insane
Yeah
That's the idea
That's why they don't do
In fact
That's why
As a matter of fact
The so-called butterfly effect
Are exactly why
They outlawed that stuff in the 20s
You know, as a matter of fact
We actually have this
On top of our antenna
We are in control of a satellite
In orbit
Equipped with orbital mind control lasers
And a few people
We share this message with them
And they do not get turned into mindless zombies
By listening to this show
By program
We tell them
That they have to put on
A polished copper strainer
Over their heads
What happens when mindless zombies
Listen to your program?
Do they become
Like mindful
Non-zombies?
Or do they just become
They just have a great time
Dabbling
All the zombies have a great time
Zombies?
The zombies
Dabbling
Dabbies?
Start
They go out on the town
And they just go to town
And paint the town black
And blue
And they eat brains
Lots of brains
And they get in the way
They kind of keep the streets clear of
Foul brains littering up the streets
Yeah
We have a nasty brain problem here in Cleveland
Yeah, well
I've only been there once or twice
We use it as a verb here actually
It's braining cats and dogs right now
There's not so many like
Brains littering the road
I guess
You know, maybe Spang and we
They go out and they pick up the brains
In their neighborhood
Just to keep it kind of clean
You guys carry on for a second, alright?
Carry on
Well, you know, when I was growing up in Dallas
Picking up brains off the street was no big deal
Because, you know, obviously the Kennedy assassination
The subsequent Oswald shooting
Spattering brains everywhere there
You know, the hell
Everything from the Kennedy assassination
Down to the Mickey Mantle liver replacement operation
Operation
Operation
Elvis, must you always smother my cooking in Tredo
Before you even taste it?
Are you kidding me?
Thank you
Remember, these starters don't come off


Oh, yeah, and whoops
Yep, so it's already known

You might actually want to suck on

Really, look
And yes, translation

Kirby
Let's thank Mr. Turkey

Happy tag
Remember, I'm Evet
Mr. Türkiye
Shakura
keh
Goodbye
Let's do a film
I never saw anything.
I don't know what Mars is, and I was never there.
He had to shine that flashlight right on his ass.
You embarrassed the hell out of me.
I love him so much it hurts.
What do you know about love, Nymphonese?
If I didn't have you chasing a wall, no man in this town would be safe.
Stop that. I'm your doctor.
Get against the wall.
Mike, come in. I think I'm going to throw up.
How can I resist an offer like that?
Harry, your sister isn't an alien.
She's something much worse.
Honey, did you do a lot of drugs before we met?
A mix by dad, or so the file name says.
And that poor lonesome baby on Mars, what do you think about that?
There's one, well, there's two, but they're on opposite sides,
and their goal is to meet up and populate Mars.
They won't let us abort unwanted babies.
They want to send them to Mars.
Well, who wants to send unwanted babies to Mars?
They should just be aborted.
They should feed them to me.
They should use the unwanted baby stem cells instead of sending them to Mars.
Give them to Ali McGraw so she won't be so ugly looking anymore.
Wait, that's for real? They have stem cells on those things for real?
No, they actually had babies on them.
Well, they were, yeah, when they first were launched, they were babies.
Oh, gosh.
They were stem cells, but by the time they got, you know, it's like nine months voyage to Mars.
By the time they got there, they were ready to be quote, unquote, born or decanted.
Decanted, yes.
Actually, they're kept inside the spaceship.
The hatchery and conditioning center.
Well, these babies on Mars are expected to be really tough.
And the idea, there's one, I think the one on the Spirit is a boy.
And the one on the Opportunity is a girl.
That's why they call it the Opportunity.
I think everybody, every other human's ass.
Aren't they on the other side of Mars for me?
Right.
They're on the dark side of Mars.
So, the idea is, if they're tough enough to find their way to each other and mate by the time they're, you know, 12 or 13 years old,
they will be the fathers, the Adam and Eve of a new race that is incredibly tough.
It will be like the toughest race of humans if the little Martian on, the little baby on the Opportunity can meet the one on the Spirit.

What if, for example, they both go west?
Then they're basically waltzing around Mars and they're still on the opposite pole.
Well, then that particular Martian race was not meant to be.
Well, I just see it being like a bad movie.
Like, these two little Martian babies getting together and they grow up.
Well, you guys are saying that you're acting like the dust pool, some silly cartoon.
And then one day, the one girl baby says, oh, I saw what you're doing over there.
Like that Blue Lagoon.
It's only, it'd be like, right now.

Red sand.
It'd be like the movie Blue Lagoon.
Well, that's a very romantic way to look at it.
This is actually a serious scientific experiment conducted by NASA to see if they can evolve a race of new super, super men, shall we say, and super women on the planet Mars.
It's part of the new space push that George Bush has presented to Congress.
George Bush.
To raise a race of super men on the planet Mars.
I wonder if it was legume sperm in any of those babies.
Well, we can only pray.
That there wasn't.
To whatever God won't listen to us.
Exactly.
Bang, I'll see you back on IRC.
Bang.
See ya.
I can barely hear you.
You're so far down the line of strings and tin cans, I can barely hear you, St. Bucky.
I will see you back on IRC.
Oh.
Yeah, I'm getting out of here too.
I can barely hear you.
There's nothing.
From the land of endless night come I, an alien from afar,
Spume forth upon you a pleasant sphere so much like you, and yet so unalike.
Phil 7 cleanse Gal 네 slowly
X.am I'm I the you before, the you you were when your world was new?
Later Alex.
Or am I the you that you will be tomorrow?
Later bites.
Through me.
Though I'm a.
future or your past, I know not which. For I come from that spark of light so far in space,
your mind the distance could not comprehend. It was once my home, and calls to me when I look up
into the void. But it is not the verdant place your planet is that warms and cools you as the
seasons go. Oh no. My mind recalls a seething cold and flung among the stars and satellites
and galaxies of boundless time. There, through evolution, I became the creature I am now.
No heart or feelings show in me. Perhaps I'm better off than you, for I see things without
emotion as they are. Some may envy me, but I pay a price to be from human feelings free.
In me, you see your destiny.
From the land of endless night, come I, an alien from afar,
spewn forth upon your pleasant sphere, so much like you, and yet so unalike.
Leonard Nimoy, out shatnering Shatner in this wonderful classic.
Land of endless night. Perhaps we should pray for him.
But really, I think we should all pray for the little babies inside those landers on Mars. I
thank God for saving the life of the first one. It's stranded away from the tool robot now,
because the tool robot's got sand in its joints or something.
It can't walk. It can communicate with the Earth, but it can't get back to the baby. So the baby
inside the mainlander is on its own, and the baby on the other side of the planet is still in pretty
good shape, because its nursemaid is still out photographing things and bringing back samples
and so forth. There once was a Martian named Smith.
He was a scientist, and he was a scientist. He was a scientist. He was a scientist.
Let's get back on the science mode, like Mars. What do you think they're going to find after they
drill in that rock? I think the whole reason they're going up there is to bury all the...
Left by people living between the cracks? They're just burying some incriminating
evidence that Bush and Cheney had against them. That's the whole purpose.
I'll tell you what, they're looking for oil. They're going to find the Statue of Liberty
buried up to its neck, and Saddam Hussein's buried web. A
statue of liberty buried up to its neck, and Saddam Hussein's buried web. A statue of liberty buried up to its neck, and Saddam Hussein's buried web. A
Bush is looking for oil up there. Why do you think they're going to find it?
Yeah, really? Pretty soon we'll have the Martian pipeline.
He's going to pipe an oil line from here to Mars. Just imagine, and on a clear day,
you would actually be able to climb the pipe up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up.
Until next thing you know, you're on Mars. I would like to drop Dick Cheney.
You can't do that from Earth because our mountains are not high enough.
You can't do it on Mars.
But on Mars, there's a mountain that is high enough to climb all the way to Earth.
Well, there are a number of what they call decibels and increments between the planetary spheres.
And once you've crossed these, you suffer a number of different kinds of deaths and are automatically resurrected and reincarnated and re-scooped, as they say in...
Well, no, seriously, Dave, there is a mountain...
How about save that for science class tomorrow?
Well, Dave...
Dave, there is a mountain on Mars so high called Mons Olympus.
Oh, like the Mons Veneris, one of my other favorite mountains.
And it is so high that once you climb to the top of that, you can almost jump to Earth.
It's much easier to get to Earth.
So once they get to Mars, then they can go up that high mountain and jump to Earth.
So you're saying Mount Olympus is not in place, but Mount Olympus is on Mars because Mars is now here in the United States, America, Greece, whatever, the United States, the whole planet.
Okay.

Okay.
Okay.





Now, first thing you said to me, you said there's no such thing as Mars.
Then you say everybody from Mars.
And now you're saying Mount Olympus, home of the guys, old Greek mythology.
Look, I'm using...
Dave, I'm just using what the convenient nomenclature that the humans here use.
Well, don't you think of that...
He's professional.
Yes, I'm professional.
And what you're about to hear is a rare, just-released, perfect mint-conditioned recording of the Swingin' Love Corpses song...
High on Dockstock Mountain.
Now, this song is a commemorative of the very first World Subgenius Outdoor Music Festival held in the wilds of northern Arkansas called Dockstock in 1985, I believe it was.
High on Dockstock Mountain.
High on Dockstock Mountain.
From across the nation they came and they saw
A new will begin in northern Arkansas
They drove the storms and heralded night
To the new awakening in Dockstock in sight
They shared suits of love and grew great ties
The journey was dead and they were beating in five
The body was there but they were few
The body was there but they were few
It was mostly cool guys like me and you
And we got high, so high on Dockstock Mountain
Yeah, we got high, so high on Dockstock Mountain
We ate lots of mushrooms to commune with nature
How are we to know we'd have to move our shit later?
Five hundred colors flat
We've map
Bear flowers, we painted pink, until then we got high, so high on Dockstock Mountain So we


soon after DC, then know we'd hold Dockstock on Dockstock thinking we'd already passed all three and five
go in one place before high school and moves up five Republican run in apoyoist I think we had


provides work.
Yeah, we got high, so high, on Dr. Mountain.
People were happy, they were all having fun.
While Dr. Sir Bob was farming skulls in the sun.
The corpses were swinging, their love did abound.
The average corpse floated a foot off the ground.
The band that dared not was speaking his name.
While his doctors on the plant show was playing their fame.
Sparkdog Explosion and Combo Gang Punch.
Then his sister said, just in time for lunch.
And we got high, so high, on Dr. Mountain.
Yeah, we got high, so high, on Dr. Mountain.
Yeah, we got high, so high, on Dr. Mountain.
Yeah, we got high, so high, on Dr. Mountain.
Gonna go back there, I'll even meet the Pope.
Better make it to Toc Toc, or just give up hope.
The dead will be walking, maybe Bob will appear.
The sound of chainsaws will be all that you hear.
Now I'm gonna go back, and I won't be stopped.
I'm gonna go back, to smoke the ultimate frown.
You just can't imagine what it's like till you go.
When reality's on hold, and Doc Socks is going high.
Dr. So high, on Dr. Mountain.
Dr. So high, on Dr. Mountain.
Dr. So high, on Dr. Mountain.
Dr. So high, on Dr. Mountain.
Dr. So high.
Oh, yeah, I was way up high on Doc Sock Mountain.
I climbed down, I climbed up all the way to the top, whoo.
I took, I took everything you could think of.
I shot beers, I smoked heroin.
I snorted marijuana.
I sttuck in beer.
I stuck a stiff glue.
I put barbiturate repositories in my rectal cavity.
I soul danced on Venus with James Brown's sister-in-law.
I peed 10 square miles of asphalt.
And then I got stuck up there on top of Dockstock Mountain
because the song was over before I could ever come down.
So now I'm lost in Dockstock,
fropulated hell neither world,
in the song.
Hi on Dockstock Mountain, friends,
by the Swingin' Love Corpses.
And if you're new here,
you can download a ton of Swingin' Love Corpses material
and other mixes
from this website of Dr. Philo Drummond.
That's right.
Dr. Philo Drummond himself has another new website
called QuiveringBrain.com.
That's QuiveringBrain is one word.
Just type in www.QuiveringBrain.com.
It's all free.
It's all live.
It's all nude.
Check it out.
Wow.
Airborne,
incommunicado,
flea bags.
They all live here.
They sleep in our basement sometimes.
They wake up at the same time we do
and they follow us around the house.
And then it's too late.
We must bring them to their knees.
We must bring them to the dinner table.
And shave their knees.
Shave their knees.
Shave their knees.
Shave their knees.
Shave.
That scared the hell out of me,
my initiation when they start doing that.
Oh, man.
We've seen them on movies.
My dad used to scare us.
Shave his knees.
Shave it off.
Shave it off.
It creeps you out.
And then braiding the armpit hairs
of those poor little girls.
But then you get to do it to the next initiate.
You know, the next...
You get to be the guy
that hands him the razor
and starts the chant.
Shave his knees.
Shave his knees.
I love initiating new bobbies.
Neophytes.
Yeah.
Bringing in the...
Oh, you know, it symbolizes
the renouncing of your old life
and the intake of Bob's sweet love
or something like that.
There's something in the textbook.
I think they stole the idea from the Masons.
The Masons make you shave your knees.
Well, those...
When they used to sell Masons shoes,
they used to offer everybody
a shave and haircut, two bits.
They'd lift up those old pantaloons
and just scrape the knees quite gently.
And that was part of a whole routine.
But we live in a different kind of country nowadays.
No, it's not sexy now.
It's not the same.
It's ludicrous now.
Nothing's the same.
Everything's different, even that itself.
And that's where most of the problems, you know...
The molecules just keep shifting so fast.
You know, you're looking at one person,
next thing you know,
you're looking at a freaking pterodactyl or something.
Right.
The quantum tsunami explains part of it
and the sunspots,
but there's definitely a little more
than just that going on.
Well, what if we all become immortal
during this big new solar setup of flares
and stuff like that?
But immortal to what end?
Yeah.
In what quality of immortality are we talking?
If the whole planet is dead
and we're just still walking around,
is that really life?
Is it?
These are the questions we have to ask.
These are the kind of things that we have to
grapple with in this modern day and age.
These are the...
End times close in on us.
Bob's stopwatch slowly winds down.
The huge, huge autonomic heads
with a thousand, thousand, thousand teeth
crunching up cities
and each individual individual.
In those towns.
Are you ready to be p-tested on judgment day?
For God's p-test.
The only p-test they're getting from me
is a taste test.
No, my friend.
When we say a p-test,
we mean your pituitary gland.
Oh, that test.
Yes.
We're going to be...
And your Enochian fluids.
We're going to see if you can communicate
with spirits and angels too
by testing the very, very top of your...
What's the pineal?
Pineal, pineal.
Don't forget the pineal gland.
Because I always forget it.
What do you want to call it?
Pineal gland.
Well, you're a med student, aren't you?
Not really, no.
Or a med kind of guy.
I mean, you know a lot about anatomy and...
I know a little, I mean...
What does your pineal gland do
besides make you cry bitter tears and explode?
I'm not sure that anybody knows
the answer to that question.
That's why it is considered
sometimes the seat of the third eye.
That's right.
Oh, a...
More rudimentary, less advanced
metaphysical sense organ.
But do they not indeed make air fresheners
from the same gland?
Pineal fresh...
No, no, that's pine.
That's not pineal.
Although they do make air fresheners
out of pineal glands,
but not in the stores that you shop at.
Right.
That's for the skull and bones.
They get the adrenochrome
and the pineal extract.
We'll have two.
I just have an adrenal gland issue.
This year we will have
Kerry and Dean running against each other.
They both know the handshake and everything.
When they come...
When they meet each other...
Oh, really? I didn't...
I didn't know these guys.
So it's like skull...
It's like skull versus skull.
Skull versus skull.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The control factor.
So, in other words,
the old right-wing cranks were correct.
The threat was the Council on Foreign Relations.
And the old left-wing...


Yeah.
There was two.
There were 15 families around the world.
And, yeah.
All the cooks were right.
Yeah.
The Trilateral Commission was the threat after all.
Mm-hmm.
John Birch Society, we laughed at them.
Hey, crazy old people.
Think there's commies under the bed.
And it turned out
the right-wingers were the commies all along.
Oh, the old communists.
Oh, the old communists are right-wingers now.
Yep.
It's all come so turned around,
back-ass words.
It's like...
It's a smorgasbord, David.
They pulled one over on us.
They switched urs.
They switched with Mars.
And it sounded like a crazy joke.
World War II was a cover-up of the planet switching.
And I dare say this on the radio
because everybody thinks
it's a crazy old silly college student show.
Oh, they let Reverend Sang.
He's so crazy, he'll say anything.
But it's true.
Mars and Earth were switched
during what we remember as World War II.
And that movie, Dark City,
is a thinly disguised parable of how they did it.
And a man looked.
They hid it all right in plain view.
Oh, Mark the Beast.
The mark of...
There shall be a mark in your hand
and on your forehead and so forth.
Without it, you can't even...
Hey, dude.
It's called the UPC code.
The mark on your hand is called your thumbprint.
The mark on the forehead is called your face.
The Beast is the character recognition program.
Get used to it.
You were marked when you were born.
No, it's real weird.
And the Beast is a gene.
A gene.
And it was sinful.
Evil, irritating gene
that must be cut out.
A sidewinder on the spiral staircase of life.
That's why I get facial reconstructive surgery
every three years
and I had my fingerprints removed a long time ago.
And you know the right places to go, too, though.
That's the thing, man.
You're hooked up.
A lot of people,
they don't know how they can get this done.
It cannot be done on the North American mainland.
You will have to either go to South America,
Eastern Europe,
or the Caribbean.
And then you have to hope that the guy who's giving you the plastic surgery
and the new eyeballs
isn't somebody you busted earlier in your career.
Or somebody who just has something
and really has it out to get you.
I was working putting chocolates on pillows the other day, you know,
really has their sheepskin, so to speak.
Very careful.
Yeah.
And they're tricky.
These chop shops are everywhere now, too.
I mean, it's worse than the cannibalism problem in a lot of ways.
Conspiracy bugs.
You can be used for any kind of spare part.
They creep up on you.
I not only no longer recognize my own thumbs,
but my face that I stare at and see on the other side of the monitor screen
is no longer the same face that recognizes the other side of the face.
A face that I'm looking at, you know what I'm saying?
You cracked a few mirrors in your day.
Yep.
I put some holes in some monitors.
I smacked some hardware.
And I broke down and cried on the way home.
Where are we to live when the Martians own the Earth?
See, there you go.
And we'd all be having knee-jerk reactions.
You know, it's so ironic.
What do you mean, when the Martians?
The Martians currently own the Earth.
Quote, the Earth, unquote.
Of course, it's really what we think of as Mars.
Yeah.
When will some of the Martians,
finally go back?
We're the Martians, and we're trying to go back.
Well, once we restore Mars to its, or Earth,
I should say, original Earth, to its original Adamic beauty.
Oh, Adamic beauty.
What do you think the conspiracy did to the so-called Red Planet?
It used to be the Garden of Eden,
and actually used to be what we think of as Earth.
It was our home planet.
Notice how everything seems heavier.
It's not even a planet.
Well, that's what I thought.
And everything takes too long,
and you never get paid anywhere near enough.
I thought we brought that with us from Mars.
You know, the heaviness was the iron ore and the oxide in the atmosphere,
which made us so slovenly slow.
There are two kinds of people in the world, my friend.
Those with a rope around their neck
and the people who have the job of doing the cutting.
And those with that rope around their testicles.
We made it, Fred.
Where on Mars?
No sweat at all.
Check all systems, secure retros, maintain full power at all times.
Okay.
This is Captain Fred Thomas,
commanding interplanetary vehicle M1, colonization probe.
To Colonel Hal Danvers, headquarters communication, planet Earth.
Subject of report.
Arrival on the planet Mars.
Landing is completely successful.
I'm going out, Jim.
Remember the general's orders.
Stay in touch at all times, huh?
Roger.
Listen, Fred, be real careful, will you?
Yeah, be careful, Fred.
For the hundredth time, be careful.
Continuing arrival report.
Time, 1348.
Mars time, that is, Colonel.
On Earth, you'll be receiving this exactly three and a half minutes from now, sir.
Just add that to my figures.
There are enough Yeti outfits and supplies here to equip a small army.
Captain Thomas reports...
Fire!
Fire!
Let it out!
It is the cry of the Yeti!
The Yeti!
Fred, where are you?
Answer me, Fred!
Oh my God!
Help me, Fred!
Help!
Help!


What's up there?
What's doing it?
All your base are belong to us.
No sign of life, he said.
Only my Yeti could bring on such terror.
I've got a person back home to help you.
Surveillance orders have gone!
Oh, Eva!
Eva!
Eva!
Eva!
Eva!

Eva!


Eva!
Eva!
Eva!
Eva!
Eva!
Eva!
Eva!
Eva!
Eva!


Eva!


Eva!
Eva!
What's up there?
What's doing it?
No sign of life, he said.
Sir paid orders.
Then go on!
A collage by New Monet.
And now...
I went to the science club.
The first place we're ever going to go is Mars.
We'll see about that.
I've been to Mars and back.
I'm going to go to Mars after this is over, actually.
My subgenius brother, I have news for you.
You are the Martian.
You were born on Mars.
I live on Mars.
And furthermore, Mars is coming to you.
You're not going to it.
Mars is coming back.
Mars is coming back. Earth back to Mars.
6873515. Let's take another call here.
I wonder what Dr. Sinister really thought about all this Mars stuff.
All the way from the kookies
to the most benign infrastructure.
Some people think that it's a big waste of money.
Let's see what this caller number three thinks here.
What's your take on Mars?
Oh, it saved...
That was the third call.
We've got an explorer trying to signal us.
The floorager is lost.
That was like a 3D stereoscoped IMAX movie.
Ladies and gentlemen, we have lost the floorager.
It looks like it went down somewhere over the Mara.
It's the...
A jar of human face.
A mountain has opened its mouth
and swallowed the Opportunity Lander like a giant pill.
Apparently, we had a window.
No, we don't have windows.
We don't have windows yet.
We have to...
Oh, my God.
We've lost the Opportunity and the Spirit
and the know-how and the courage
and the money and the backing,
the financial help from Hollywood.
It was a brave little spacecraft.
Who thought it can?
Who thought it could?
Who thought it can?
I think I can.
I think I can.
I think...
Oh, yeah, yeah.
The bravest little tin can robot of them all.
And one on either side of the planet
with a baby inside.
And if they can just meet...
Designed by Dr. Sinister himself.
They shall be the Adam and Eve of a new Earth.
Earth shall become its rightful paradise.
But there won't be science poofters,
just elocuted persons,
not scientific poofters who really do not understand.
That's right, because the world is not just nuts and bolts and math.
No, there is spirit underlying all things.
DNA and turtle grease and thousands of different functions.
And it's turtle.
Turtle grease all the way down.
As the great philosopher said.
As the chakras ping-ping by like a mighty...
Like, you know, they go ping-ping and like that, you know?
Yep.
Faster than the speed of light.
The chakras and the waves, the chakra waves...
6873515.
...move faster than the speed of the light.
You see when you go...
Yeah, I was disconnected.
You were disconnected.
He believes he's connected.
I was disconnected.
Disconnected, I said.
Oh.
This guy might be reconnected, but I'm not.
I'm...
We're kind of all disconnected this day and age.
...discarnate.
It's really just a trip to another dimension.
A move up to a new sort of life.
You get to wear a diaphragm on your head
and you can sing songs in a high-pitched voice.
What could be, you know, what could be wrong with that?
Three little bits of scoliosis.
No one knows, either.
But come on.
Hey, guess what?
I drilled in a rock today, but it was in my backyard.
And it was in a piece of sandstone.
Oh.
You built a what?
You say a meteor fell into your backyard?
You saw it?
I said I drilled its hole in a rock,
but it was in my backyard.
Oh, in other words, you're saying you were creating a false meteor
much in the same way that women in their extreme vanity
have 300-pound boobies nowadays.
No, actually, I was taking a half-inch drill bit
and putting my address in a piece of sandstone.
With your teeth?
No, with a drill.
Oh, okay.
Well, some people use a nose drill.
Some people trephinate themselves in the middle area,
you know, the third nostril area.
There's an imbalance of the humors in your cranium.
What if I got to Mars tonight?
Why'd you guys go to Mars?
Why do I got to go to Mars?
No, why was that conversation all about Mars?
Oh, I just said...
Well, Mars is a subject of wonder and speculation.
That glowing red orb in the sky
sending war and giant one-eyed monsters with ray guns.
And the emperor wants to send us there.
The emperor does want to send us there.
Did you know the emperor loves Jesus more than he loves his own saxophone or his own...
Did you know that if we got all our tax money back from missions to Mars,
we'd have a lot of money?
And you think they would fix the rope?
Did you pay a lot for the...
Do you pay a lot of taxes?
Yeah, but we wouldn't have.
They just have better potted plants in the congressional offices.
They spend a lot more money on things besides Mars.
Yeah, they spend as much money on...
I bought the knobbies for it.
You have the knobbies?
That's not what they...
I bought the four-wheeler...
You have the Hitler love dog.
The rims, too.
He sounds like he has the Hitler love dog.
You know, when you call them the knobbies.
They're the Nazis, not the knobbies.
The knobbies are skillful, underpaid...
Who has NASA's annual budget anyway?
Oh, this may sound ridiculous,
but World War II is nothing but a ruse to hide the swapping of Earth and Mars, the two planets.
World War II's been going on...
since the geometric age, back when...
Right.
It was a war of the world.
...you know, you and all those guys lived on on the 22nd.
It was War of the Worlds II.
The first time, it was the common cold killed them,
but the second time, they won, became the conspiracy,
made us slaves, and brought us to this hell planet that we used to call Mars.
Yeah.
Instead of now the common cold, we have the communist cold.
We share it equally, and it's freezing all of our titties off.
Each according to his means.
Right, and what about Lenin's overcoat?
Overcoat.
Lenin's overcoat is useless compared to this fine rant that I'm about to play
that was posted to alt.binaries.slack by the selfless self-slayer.
I'm probably already on their list.
Just a lone gunman shooting in the dark, just wanting to know something to make a choice.
And then, smashed out of my brains on prop, I come to one of their choices and be dumb and all.
What a subgenius.
Let's hear it for him.
I say, no.
Or is that no?
I can't remember what with my brains melting and all in the oven of knowledge.
What the hey?
Who said anything mattered?
But that's probably out there too, saying, look at him, look at him,
probing into our database of soul code.
Get him before he makes off into the real world with something they might use against him.
And then what would happen?
They'd probably come barging through my door, guns blazing,
bazookas blowing cowley off the rack of my subconscious,
drifting barrels of lead against me.
Flying for the first time in my life, waiting, waiting to hit bottom.
And then waking up and saying,
am I ready to sit for eight hours in a closet thinking about sex?
Sex?
Probably not.
That was probably just yesterday, wiggling around in my memory of how bored I can get at home,
dreaming of maybe existing.
If I get around to it, that is, if I ever actually get off my slack and ass off,
or maybe not.
But that's something I guess I'm gonna have to find out about now,
when all is done and everyone is dead.
Can I hear Gaia calling out, I'm lonely.
Is there anyone there to hear?
When we go blasting off into the sky, rockets blazing behind us,
like an immature devil trying to fart on God?
Nah, it was probably just a dream again.
But you know this frog, it'll come back to haunt you.
Or is that to hunt you?
It's never quite sure with this stuff.
Hey you, are you out there somewhere?
If not, why don't you echo back?
Are you subgenius too?
Too?
Too?
Too?
Too?
The Selfless Self Slayer
A time to reconnect the tubes.
Put it right back in here.
The tubes, now that was a great band.
It was also a better neck implant.
And what about the clocks?
The clocks were a good neck implant too,
but some people chose them as like a psychic implant of some kind.
Uh, shot shot.
Shot shot shot shot shot.
This bum came up to me on the street and handed me this,
this old plastic disc, I guess it's one of those 44 EP or something.
It's a 7844 EP, something like that.
33 and 3 4ths.
And there's pictures of these funny looking musicians on it.
Dressed up in gorilla suits.
Dressed up in gorilla suits wearing ties and smoking cigars.
The clocks at Cleveland's Agora, 1981.
And look, there's the little baby Chaz, Professor Chaz.
The little teeny tiny baby.
And the little tiny baby, Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Baby, Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
The little baby.
The yagoo koo kaka baby.
We must warn the listener, audience, that the following presentation may cause erectile dysfunction
or a lack of motivation.
Those people involved in union activities who salute to the left could please,
or if they would please, take the red carpet right.
Okay, let's listen to actually, this is a song by DeLuca it said on the jacket.
Jail me, I'm talking about it.
I can't take it.
Talk talk talk is punished.
I can't make it.
I bet my treatment's started when I walk through the door.
At the door there's a point where I fall.
My head's a phone speaker.
I wear a visor on my mouth.
And on the floor my bed increases.
I try to keep the white noise out.
I'm not stuttering.
I'm not schizophrenic.
I'm not anything.
Talk to you while you keep me here is such an evil ring.
You won't talk without me.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
You won't talk about me
You're playing too shock and cry
My doctor's training my way
I'm a record by attention
All this is a pill
Finalizing dose
Yeah, you're closing by the chair
But the door, there's a warrant for it
Relief the young and value young
All group and go band ride
Yeah, talk to my authority
You know no more than I
I'm not stuttering
I'm not schizophrenic
I'm not anything
Doctor, why do you keep me here
Such an evil wind
You won't talk about me
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
There's no recognition
There's no recognition
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
There's no connection
Oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
There's no connection
There's no recognition
Oh, oh
Oh, oh







There's no connection
Oh, oh



Oh
Alright, then I'll stop playing
I say, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh
When there's no connection
Why did I tell ya
If only
That's very cool
Stop stuttering
I don't know
When there's none
I smeared big, huge parts of my brain to make me do that.
And now it sounds so immature and faulty-rawlish.
And yet wonderful in some way that I can't express.
I don't know.
I'm kind of confused.
It has a real lonesome cowboy Dave ring to it.
Uh-huh.
It definitely does.
Even though it's over, what, how many, 24,000 years ago?
24,000 years.
That was recorded on the old.
The Blistex powder.
Yeah, the Blistex.
Fostex, Fostex, right.
Yeah, the old, like a rock and stick wire recorders and stuff.
The same thing they use as acne cream nowadays.
Well, not nowadays.
I would say like in the late 80s, actually.
It's kind of been out of, for.
Now, that was 80s punk.
16 years now.
This would be 1980s punk.
It's like post-punk.
As opposed to 90s punk or 2000s punk.
It was punk people who thought that they were too snappy to continue being punks
and wanted to do something that showed that they were basically assholes, I think.
No, I didn't mean it that way.
I meant.
Let's see.
Let's do it again.
All right.
All right.
We'll go with Steve's away.
He's a nice little thing.
Life won't go to hell.
Life won't shine.
Stage.
Stage.
There's just a rain in the employee parking lot.
I ride the portabell to my point of thought.
I take the readouts and think of what they've got.
Reading out the passages of unreadable thought.
It's a life plan for a girl and him.
Life, life, life won't shine.
Stage.
Stage.
I know what I must do until I've done the job.
I start my car, turn my radio on.
And I watch the lights of silent to another place.
And on the road we speed away.
You know, racism.
Life won't go to hell.
Life won't shine.
Stage.
Stage.
Stage.
Stage.
Stage.
I must say, that sounded like a cross between
Gwar and Jefferson Airplane
or maybe the Strawberry Alarm Clock.
Well, they used to describe this band
as like the Strawberry Alarm Clock.
Did they?
Yes.
I'm not surprised.
No, they actually described it as the Chocolate Watch Band.
I don't get it.
Because of time pieces and so forth.
No, but they actually, Lenny K said,
these guys remind me of the Chocolate Watch Band.
And so we ate a lot of chocolate and fell asleep.
I can't remember anything the Chocolate Watch Band did
besides slap around mentally handicapped people
in public places and all the trouble they got into.
A Slave Planet by The Clocks.
Friends and...
Uh...
The remnants of The Clocks will be at the next Subgenius Devival
which is May 22nd in Cleveland
at the Beachland Ballroom.
I'm just telling you that that's where
Lonesome Cowboy Dave will next be
with man and the amino acids
who are heard here in the background.
Or rather, Reverend Angry Larry of Automatic Robot Fish.
This is Hour of Slack, number 934.
Friends, the voice of the church,
of the subgenius.
For more information, check out
Post Office Box 204206,
Austin, Texas,
787204206.
And of course,
www.subgenius.com.
Let's get some hot chicks on the phone
and talk about Mars or something.
Well, why don't you get off the phone
because our phone lines are pretty much clogged up
by your dumb ass.
