Ladies and gentlemen, please do not panic, but scream! Scream for your lives!
Mob?
This is loose in this theater, and if you don't scream, it may kill you.
Scream! Please! Keep screaming! Scream for your lives! It's here! It's over here!
Mob?
Let a man or woman venture from the well-beaten path of civilization.
Let him cross the threshold of the limited intellect, and he encounters amazing, wondrous things.
The unknown and terrible.
If he escapes these weird adventures with his life, he will usually find he left his reason behind him.
Perhaps that is what happened to these two souls, lost in the great Mexican desert.
But then, ask yourself.
Why would anyone?
Trod from the usually well-traveled roads of this modern age.
From the luxury of an air-conditioned automobile.
A prairie squid.
That's prairie squid dropping.
Oh, look.
The desert.
They have a poisonous sheath that irritates the skin.
Well.
Randy.
I sure told him, didn't he?
Can you imagine the delight on their faces when he pulled his panties down and there was the Ogle Stick that Grandpa had promised.
I talk about an oblique gesture.
Some say he was stumped that way since the day he was born.
Others say he'd been headed that way all his long, miserable life.
But as they sat him down into his virtual moment chair for his last virtual moment in this here virtual life,
all I could think of as the monitors dimmed was,
Mom's frozen apple pie.
300 pounds of it.
Sitting on his lap.
His hair's getting hairier.
The subgenius hour of slack.
The class of our house is impossible.
We enter, and the door is sealed behind us.
Captain to passengers.
Fasten safety belts, please.
We're preparing to blast.
Five.
Four.
Three.
Two.
One.
Rocket away.
Rocket away.
Rocket away.
By rocket to the moon.
In just eight minutes, the earth behind us looks like a giant balloon.
Captain, captain, stop the rocket.
I left my wallet in another suit.
It isn't in my pocket.
You won't need your wallet here.
A thousand miles from the atmosphere.
Woo.
It's not a nightmare that's gonna end.
It's just beginning because it's inside me.
I put a gun in my mouth and blew away my vast knowledge.
Some critter's been getting in here,
chowing up the hogs.
Killed one of the mules, too.
Tore her head all up.
And her brain.
Ladies and gentlemen, Rush Limbaugh.
Woo.
They say that I'm sleaze and elitist.
You please everybody disagrees with my rap.
It is rap.
I'm horrendous.
I'm appalling.
My ratings now are falling.
Because I'm so full of bull.
So full of crap.
Full of crap.
With condescending crimes.
Making money.
Selling lies.
You might say everybody hates my guts.
Hates his guts.
I'm offensive.
I'm a bigot.
I'm a fraud.
Can you dick it?
I'm a sexist, racist, homophobic, fat, pathetic, touch.
I'm a Nazi.
He's a Nazi.
That's right.
I really am.
Because I'm a Nazi.
He's a Nazi.
That's right.
You're being scammed.
I'm a Nazi.
He's a Nazi.
I don't care about the middle class.
Because I'm a fat conservative butt head with the face of a horse's ass.
He's a fat conservative butt head with the face of a horse's ass.
I have a subhuman figure.
A huge rear end.
My brain?
That's another story.
It's quite another story.
I have a face the size of a wash tub.
And my ass is as big as Missouri.
Yes!
This bastard is sick.
He's a fat mom.
It's big and his ass is as big as Missouri.
Yes, sirree Bob.
Manipulating statements exaggerate the truth.
I can't believe the hate my show inspires.
The hate my show inspires.
It's not just because I'm stupid.
It's not just because I'm scum.
It's just because Republicans are liars.
Those dirty filthy liars.
I am heartless.
I am vain.
Insensitive.
Insane.
They say that I'm a national disgrace.
Disgrace.
I am nasty.
Yes.
Insulting.
No.
Basically revolting.
Uh-huh.
I'm a concentrated pile of human waste.
He's human waste.
Because I'm a Nazi.
He's a Nazi.
Shit.
How?
I really am.
Because I'm a Nazi.
He's a Nazi.
That's right.
You're being scammed.
I'm a Nazi.
He's a Nazi.
I don't care about the middle classes.
I'm a sick Republican sleazeball with the face of a horse's ass.
He's a sick Republican sleazeball with the face of a horse's ass.
They say that you're a Nazi.



But this is not about my vanity.
They doubt my sanity.
They think I'm nuts.
So nuts.
I am a cyst on the ass of humanity.
Ew.
New Republican slogan, read my tux.
Read his tux.
From the bowels of eight ball tape comes the voice of Rush Limbaugh.
In closing, let me say that each and every day, I'm an evil rotten ego slave.
















I'm the coppo.
The coppo.
Joe McCarthy like Gestapo.
The right wing foam of the mouth jack booted slob.
The Democratic Trash-er.
Years of liberal bashing with the equivalent compassion of a grommet.
With the IQ of a fig, I'm a fat obnoxious pig.
And the truth of the matter is, I'm vomit.
He's vomit.
Because I'm a Nazi.
He's a Nazi.
Shit.
How?
I really am.
Because I'm a Nazi.
He's a Nazi.
Shit.
How?
I really am.










He's vomit.
He's vomit.


I don't care about the middle class.
Those are fear mongerings come back.
With the face of a horse's ass.
He's a fat conservative butt head.
Hey, Super Republican sweet ball.
Fear mongerings come back.
Oh.
Egotistical ass bite.
Yes.
Mean spirited, hum-wallering fat conservative tux.
With the face.
With the face.
Of a horse's ass.
Make a dildo, Rush.
I'm a dildo.







Mangus.
Hey buddy.
Very nice to meet you.
Nicest gal you've had in your life.
Nice to meet you.
Time surely came.
We are out of here.
Bend over.
Bend over, human, and let us help.
And get ready for cultural warfare.
We're coming to your town.
Jesus is coming to your town.
We're the colonial firm.
Get there on your knees and cry.
We're just here to help.
Praise God.
Praise God.
And to help you better, we must destroy.
To save the town, we have to destroy it.
To save democracy, we have to destroy it.
To save the world, we must destroy it.
Part two, destroy.
And when you're saving the world, why don't you save me a little piece?
You know, I mean, you can, like, blow up the rest and let me have some fun.
To carve up a world.
To carve a world.
Amen.
Amen.
To carve a world as neatly as one might carve a stick of boulder.
To carve up a world between the corporations.
Which means between my friends.
And my friends' friends.
And here they are at the Monaco Parlor Ballroom.
This is a very exclusive place.
Inhabited and frequented by only the one percent of the one percent.
There's Mrs.
Mrs. Rocking動画.
There's Mr.
Shay.
Oh look, his skin cane is much better now.
Look, there's Mr.
Morgan.
He's still got that terrible club foot though, but he'll be fine.
He's got more money than I need.
Oh, there's the Anheuser-Busch.
I think we have one of the dissidents underneath the bushes.
There he is.
He's by the curtain.
He's hiding in the Anheuser-Busch.
Sir.
Get him!
Oh, what a fact.
What a fact.

Oh, damn.
Thanks, Chaz.
Way to go.
Friends, that Rush Limbaugh song, I don't know who Rush got to help him with that, although
I got it off of alt.binary slack via time control, friends.
Time control.
And that's what this hour number 774 of Slack is about.
Time congenial.
A whole sty full of Connie types.
Full of time control.
And show collisions will, of course, include KPFA, puzzling evidence, and G. Gordon Gordon
Gary broke friend.
It's a lot like talking to any tape.
I know it's difficult because you haven't ever called up a radio station before and
talked to just a dumb old tape.
And here it is, an eight-track tape answering you.
But you can't believe you're talking to an intelligent machine, I know.
This is your future.
Your phones will act like us very soon.
Bob will be five years.
Yes.
Seven, six, two, four, three, eight.
Okay, Bob.
Is that your Bob?
That's right.
Yeah.
That Bob is my guy.
Bob is her guy.
I hear the sigh.
Our love will never die.
Bob is my guy.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob is my guy.
Bob.
Bob.
Yes, yes, yes.
Bob is my guy.
Yes, yes, yes.

Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
See, everything's digital here.
We're not live.
That's why we can't take any calls.
This show has been entirely on...
Basically, you have to use the digits of your right or left hand to operate anything on this show.
That includes move the turntable around with your fingertips.
But we don't use turntables.
We only use broken tape decks here on the Hour of Slack.
And friends, praise Bob, a tape deck can be smashed to pieces.
But if it's needed for the Hour of Slack, it will...
And Bob, it's the Haberfront Zip-You-Lops, Doctor.
Oh, yes.
Has this ever happened to you?
Why, it should have been there, Ted.
It was great.
There was free booze, great music.
One of the best parties I ever went to.
Where were you that night?
Oh, I just kind of stayed home and watched TV.
I guess I should have gone, huh?
Didn't you feel stupid?
Didn't you wish you could go back to that night, that party?
Well, maybe now there's a way to learn how to do that very thing.
Introducing Bob's School of Time.
And Bob's, you'll learn how to speed time.
Slow turn.
Make time run backwards.
But most importantly, you'll be learning how to make time work for you.
How, you may ask?
Well, just ask this man here, an actual graduate of Bob's School of Time Control.
One day, my dog ran out in front of a truck.
Blango.
My dog was dead.
Was I sad till I met Bob.
Bob showed me how I could go back, get the registration number for the car,
do a slip job on the brakes, and wouldn't you know it,
that truck went off into a ditch.
It burst into flames just exactly a block before he could hit old Booger.
Ain't that right, fella?
Yes, just imagine the horrible things that could be undone tomorrow
if you had only gone to Bob's School of Time Control today.
Courses start yesterday, but you can catch up.
Just right.
Bob's School of Time Control.
The universe.
Bob's School of Time Control.
Division of Subgenius Industries Unlimited.
He stopped to watch for a few seconds.
Oh, hell.
Look, if he starts this thing, he won't be able to stop it.
It's immortality.
It was a price more costly than death.
The world stops spinning and the clock stops moving,
but something's still ticking and wearing on the inside.
And every time you let it go like I'm doing right now,
you can feel the wear.
I know from 342 years of experience that time control can only go awry.
So please, for his own sake, tell the bastard to knock it off.
What if you could turn back the clock even on Earth and start over again?
You know, would the same things happen?
What?
You could go back in time and kill Hitler,
even though he might be the very one who killed the man who would destroy the entire world.
No, the first lizard.
No, say you could go back in time.
Okay, I would go back in time.
Say you could go back in time to when the first lizard evolved.
Kissed Hitler.
Kissed Hitler.
Because we're really evolved from the lizards, right?
Okay, we're still lizards.
So you killed the first lizard, and it's some other form of life that comes out.
Not a lizard.
Not specifically lizard.
Maybe a power.
Perhaps an insect.
An insect-based intelligent life.
Polyps come out sometimes.
A hot queen.
A Friday Jones.
Okay, say our polyps were evolving at a rate that was so rapidly fast that we could not control it.
Would you go back in a Hitler suit, like one of those first characters, a one-shot creature,
start your own jail, and kill the polyps?
Would you step on that butterfly to make everything be spelled wrong 10, 60 million years later?
And you, as Americans.
Would you do it?
Brace yourself.
If you do it.
Would you take that risk?
With these mighty hernia braces designed by my cousin Lou and I.
Would you play frisbee with dogs?
Stand firmly and fastly in front of the rest of your renegade crew and laugh like dogs until the cows return.
Everybody has to eat shaving cream once in a while.
That stuff comes right out of the center of the earth.
And straight into our supermarkets.
The yellow sons of bitches.
Yes.
They took their own lives.
Call me bastards.
You cheated me.
When I was out among you, I always believed, as you did, that time exists in a sequential pattern.
One day following another.
One year after another.
Each century following the previous one.
But it's not like that at all.
Steve, you know what this is, don't you?
It's a time space warp.
I felt a communication.
A series of images.
After which I knew what was happening to us.
And I knew our fear was unnecessary.
Try putting an electrode soaked in saline solution on your head and another one strapped to your leg and then slamming two thousand volts between them.
If it hurts, let me know.
I have never seen anyone so terrified or so unable to release her fear tensions.
He is growing up.
My karma.
He must still be in shock.
All he does is sit around all day babbling about some seven foot monster.
Even fish do it.
But what do they do?
Imagine this modern world.
In the year 2006, fish not only do it, they do it in style at the downtown arena.
For moms and dads and kids alike.
In the water they can breathe.
In the water they can breathe.

In the water they can breathe.

And what else does the share drink?
You're drinking some juice.
So sit back, plop an ice cube, and put those feet on the share's laundry.
It's time for the Sponspatrol.
The fish are doing it, huh?
I don't like to watch this history.
The fish doing it reminds me of B.O.B. because when we counted them, they were a classic day.
Oh I remember Bob and Connie on Valentine's Day.
day. The little bat-winged hearts, you could almost see them, well, psychics could see
them flying between Bob and Connie as they walked on the sidewalk hand in hand, pants
and panties. The boat's going up and down the seine. You can hear the singing of the
boat guys. Bob with his funny little beret cocked on the side of his cock. Look, he's
wearing a funny little shirt with a nipple cut out so he can drink the wine and let it
fall where it may. No, you're shopping for butt plugs, a long-mean sacre de mer. Ah,
le sacre de mer. Let's go over to Montparnasse and see if we can find those green butt plugs
with the sequins. They're so hard to find. Yes, and we shall commit some paintings and
some artwork. Ah, we will commit. And we will go to see Jerry Lewis movies. Ah, Jerry Lewis
movies. And we'll listen to Lonesome Cowboy Dave. He also is a genius. Oh, yes, I love
Lonesome Cowboy Dave. Oh. Two American boys.
Stupidity. Oh, Olivia and the Americans could be so brilliantly stupid. I listen to the
show all the time and believe me, from my limited English, I can tell you these people
have no idea what they're talking about, which makes them so funny. Oh, la, la, more truffles.
But, hey, let's stop down by the river and have our feet cursed and sing a morality song
from the Middle Ages, eh? Oh, la, la. I remember those days well. I remember when the Saracens
attacked the city.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I was wool gathering.
The cultural moment is almost expired. I wonder if you want more time.
Yes, please. One thing, waiter. What country is this?
Well, yeah.
The current time with the checkpoint and also...
That's the other thing. What time do you have? And what day, by the way?
Well, I'm afraid I have to make a terrible mess here and stop for a brief moment.
I don't recognize those cars. What year car is that new one over there, waiter?
Is...
It's a brand new 1934 Eschaton.
Oh.
They sure must go on even...
Brand new, eh?
Oh, man. Time control. It was just like the old man said. Time control must always go awry.
I was a fool. I was a fool to follow Bob and his insane plans. He was like a madman.
He was throwing these glass beakers and his Tesla coils back across the laboratory in a rage,
trying to bring life to the...
Battery!
Then finally, he got it plugged in.
Then...
Oh, my God, man. I...
I thought he...
I thought that surely he was just a crackpot, a kook, a madman.
A madman.
But yet...
Here I find myself in 1934, some little town in France, I guess it is.
God.
I wish you well, monsieur. I...
I spilled the wine, eh?
Oh, I don't know.
I spilled it all over my lady's lap and all over your forehead. I...
What is that in your forehead?
I can't...
Oh, what...
What?
Oh, my God.
It's a little clock.
Ah, did you miss?
This is wonderful.
I...
I...
I'm...
Let me look at this mirror over here.
Wait a minute.
The clock is...
It looks...
A quarter?
Why does it know?
It looks right in the mirror, which means it must be installed in my head...
Backwards...
So that it will look right in a mirror.
What if they...
What did Bob do to me?
Ah, Bob did nothing to you, my friend.
He put this stupid clock into my forehead!
Just relax, monsieur.
Everyone has this stupid clock in their forehead.
What kind of insurance?
What kind of insurance?
It's supposed to be a show!
It's not a show, monsieur.
It's supposed to be a show!
Miss, I am afraid you have used up your entire virtual moment.
Please get out of...
Yeah, yes, yes, monsieur.
Next!
And I push the button and...
Next, monsieur.
I'm sorry.
Your virtual moment is over.
...
Fact or fiction, Star Wars, Fantasy or Reality, Millions wonder.
Presently, millions of ETs are under the control of a being who is cunning, fearsome, perverted, and enemy number one.
1974...
...is the year that they are now planning to...
...for...
...everyth...
...raspbirth on the streets...
...very....
...major city...
...from coast to coast.
You know, I think that we'd be shocked if we walked through some of our schools today.
And get ready for a shock.
The music that they're planning to use to crumble the morals of America
is a rotten, filthy, dirty, lewd, lascivious junk.
Oh, rock and roll.
Indus destructive forces take delight in causing tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes, floods and blizzards.
All three called in, some gaudy major city from coast to coast.
Send lights away and get inside the train.
Hallelujah, hallelujah.
Hallelujah, hallelujah.
Hallelujah, hallelujah.
Hallelujah, hallelujah.
Hallelujah, hallelujah.

Hallelujah, hallelujah.
A satanic jamboree by Jupiter Research, friends.
Before that new Monet Clippy Snips of bad film,
ESO Swamp Radio with Lonesome Cowboy Dave and Jan Smith,
and yours truly, Falling For Toby,
clips from the film by Idnax Stang.
Bleepo did Bob's School of Time Control,
and it's miraculous, friends.
As was the Tucson subgenius revival called The Oasis of Slack.
Sponsored by Tucson's own Reverend Crawford Smith,
as featured now in this special report.
I'm going to post eternal salvation for 30 bucks, subgenius.com.
Stop that.
I don't see other people in that chat room might be going,
oh no, it's one of those subgenius creeps.
They're stupid Bob people.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Speaking of stupid Bob people, man,
I just got back from a revival in Tucson
where a very mysterious thing happened.
It's difficult for our modern world of statistics and electronics
to accept miracles,
but you could almost call this a miracle,
a genuine miracle.
Out of hundreds and thousands of square miles of heat
and seared wasteland,
where the vultures wait,
for the other vultures to die.
The desert of death.
And it hurts.
It really, really hurts.
It's a horrible agony that begins and increases.
That's how you can tell it's a scorpion.
Because other venoms are disseminating.
Now, aren't there the tiny little Arizona scorpions
that scamper up your urethra?
Oh, I hope not.
Tail first.
Oh, that's...
As if daring you to, you know,
try to squeeze them out.
This is the oasis of slack.
I got off the plane and here we are.
This is the oasis of slack, but...
I don't see the oasis.
And I don't see the...
I don't feel the slack.
Maybe the of.
I guess this is the of.
The oasis.
Know, that's there.
You have to look down on it before you can wear out the stallion.


I'm innocent.



Talk to you later.
day.
Yesterday.
Or bro.
Make a cave text about something like a river river.


Oh, a name.

I'm caring for this.

supermache, and a blowtorch.
That's the way I like it.
A giant Dobbs head.
Now, they were going to, they really just had to get rid of the damn thing.
They built it, you know, a year ago, and it had been rotting.
Well, the whole barbecue, the whole barbecue average.
What do you do with a giant 80-foot tall Dobbs?
Okay, you take the face, and you take it to Tucson.
And the idea was they were going to trick the Tucson host, Reverend Crawford Smith.
That's our cousin.
So easily tricked he is.
Yeah, by leaving the Dobbs head on his doorstep.
This is like a 12-foot tall monster face.
Some Dobbs-like creature had actually pertained itself into his progressive immigration.
And they did.
And they did.
While Crawford and us were at the party.
But when we came back to Crawford's place, the giant Dobbs head, which they claimed they left there, was gone.
Gone somewhere in Tucson.
Tucson or Mayhaps in outer space.
Somebody stole the giant Dobbs.
Someone has a Dobbs head so big that it takes a pickup truck and four people to carry it.
Doesn't that sound like the kind of thing you'd like to happen to do every day of your life?
And where is it?
You wake up early in the morning, and there's an 80-pound, 60-foot-high Dobbs head in your front yard.
And as you step out across the mail, the newspapers, and the dead laundry, you notice that Dobbs head's not old.
He's smiling.
He's talking to you.
And he's not only talking, he's talking trash.
Because it's the giant Bob.
But it's the size of that thing.
Huge Bob.
That's the size of boulders.
No, I've never seen grain like that.
No wonder they make the stinkers.
Look, here are the jewels.
We've got to get up to his forehead and pull one of those out of his eyes and get it back to Dobbs.
But watch out for the brow.
Don't get caught in the brow.
Every tangled mess.
Oh, no.
Wires and cables.
Yes.
Steve gets out on the driving side.
Some kind of cybernetic.
But here are enough cords.
We'll just push all this tape aside here.
Instantly, the gunman fires.
Oh, look out.
Look out.
You're shooting at me.
Oh, no.
Look out.
Glass madness.
They got me.
They're back in the vehicle.
Let's get out of here real fast.
We're going to tire some wide, long, glass files.
Wait a minute.
I'm going back for the glass files.
We're going too fast now.
The tape's all wrapped around my legs.
We left all the drugs over there.
Okay.
You don't have to try to carry me down.
I've got to tear these hollow pills down here and alter the presence of my body.
And the giant pills have been brought down from the ground.
Just remember to send me the stories.
It's getting real confusing.
In fact, we can just hold out until next week.
Okay.
I feel better now.
Maybe if I take some more of that Wu-Tang, then I'll be able to walk out.
Rub a little Gabro-Cran into the sore part there, and you'll be okay.
The legions are growing.
My name is Legion.
And yours is...
Hey.
Yours is...
Is Mr. Legion here?
Sir, you're...
Pagin, Mr. Legion.
Just a second.
Did you say your name was Legion, sir?
No, I said my name was...
Repetition is the key to the bandaged head.
Repetition is the key to art.
Repetition is the key to redundancy.
It is the key to learning and to Dobstow.
And as the great gates open up...
First...
And the high priestess ushers...
They took down there.
Millie and I, that woman greeted us at the dock.
She was wearing a lei and a sauna dress.
And she said she was related to the great light singer, Ima Sumac, if you could imagine such a thing.
But there she was in a zip-up top, and her head was all zipped up.
Believe me, there wasn't a pot showing.
And there was no sunshine coming through the back door either.
The way old Mammy and Pappy down on the farm...
Used to sprinkle.
She was queen to the mug, 100%.
But they said they were going to still have to do a few things.
So she led us around.
We had a few eggnogs.
We stood and watched the trees burn.
And then we entered the actual inner center center centaurum of Domstown itself.
It was beautiful.
Look at those gigantic sculpted statues carved.
From the native volcanic rock.
They look like famous subgenius radio personalities.
What's that bald-headed one?
That's Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
And look, the one with the giant lips.
That's Dances with Rockets.
And that really handsome one.
Isn't that supposed to be Reverend Stag?
The mountain itself, my God, I just realized.
It's carved into a gigantic dog's head.
Stang, Stang, you must come over here.
The size of ten, Mount Rushmore.
Try this chocolate phosphate drinking foam.
It's free.
Oh, my God.
It's delicious and it's psychoactive, too.
I can feel my...
I can feel everything.
I can feel my knees.
I can feel my sandwiches.
I can feel three sandwiches in my back pocket.
They're speaking to me, Stang.
Learn from the sandwiches.
Feel of your sandwich, Dave.
Feel of it.
Have you ever been kissed by a girl like this?
Have you ever been trialled by a girl like this?
No





It turned out you're the only one in their life






numbers him by countless billions.
In the continuing war for survival
between man and the hexapods,
only a nutter fool would bet against the insect.
You have such reptile eyes,
eyes like a lizard that weave their spell.
Stand up to the lizard,
see him running across the floor,
see him skittering out the door.
I couldn't sleep.
Every little sheep that jumped over the fence
landed under a horny ram.
The only time I want to feel somebody tossing and turning in bed
is when I'm helping them.
What is Lilith?
Hey, Popus, Popus, go ahead.
Well, I think we all agree that Popus Lilith
is a beautiful woman, a beautiful man,
a beautiful spiritual entity,
which few of us would dare to disagree with,
I think, in the dark.
And sometimes,
that entity would light up its pipe.
Yeah.
Popus Lilith, are you going to be at the Tucson Divival
on February 10th in Arizona?
I'm going to be here in Seattle
celebrating my 31st birthday
and working on the first ever subgenius C-Vival.
Oh, C-Vival.
Oh, God.
Connie DeVisal has come to be.
So the bitch, will it never end?
Are you a transsexual or a transvestite subgenius?
Relate into the good.
There's an important event coming up for you with you in mind.
I've given my best to boss for the past 15 years.
I'm willing to give Connie a chance.
And if you would too, I bet you would clean up for a change.
I've been into Connie before.
It wasn't all it's cracked up to be.
Connie's real nice, if you know what I mean.
Oh, yeah.
You gotta get real friendly with Connie.
Yeah, but who hasn't?
She's the whole of Babylon who hasn't.
I find out you're lying, you know this.
There is gonna be hell to pay.
Seriously.
We interrupt our program to bring you this important message.
I'm actually a deep-voiced woman.
Now, watch out.
They are useful for their purpose, but they are no substitute for brains.
You make a very, very good point about the Benjamin standards.
You truly are transsexual.
I'm trying to turn him into...
Wonder Woman!
Wonder Woman!



There's no law against wearing such apparel on the street.
Perfect for ordinary people.
Hey, Von Colling.
If you threaten to extend your violence, this earth of yours will be reduced to a bland-out cinder.
Now, I will kill you.
Max, he's wearing a dress.
I think he's trying to mate.
Oh, dear.
I don't do humans.
No kidding.
It is no concern of ours how you run your own planet.
I think you're just a big bully picking on people smaller than you are.
There's no law against...
There's no law against wearing such apparel on the street.
As long as it can be distinguished that man is man and woman is woman.
I'm going to go to a doctor and say, hey, I want to be a woman the next day.
We're talking about spraying the wealth of real time.
Was that one of those original Martians trying to tune in from afar?
Some people don't think God is a space monster.
I don't know.
Mars needs Connie.
Earth needs...
Women.
Women.
I am female.
Earth needs a hell of a lot more women.
I think if Earth would tip the scale the right way for us guys, I think our problems would finally be all over.
What?
I think if there was...
All over the place.
Instead of 1.6 women for every man, what if there was like 1.9 women for every man?
That's not a baby.
Come on.
Well, that really makes things easier on me.
There'd be more women for me.
Come on, baby.
You would be more woman-like.
Or you would be more womanly from the contrast of so much womanhood around you, too.
You could take it, you know, five or seven ways.
I take it any way I can.
Well, I'm sure you do.
Does the word low life...
Watch five or six or seven men and women doing it.
I'd rather be five or six or seven men and women doing it.
Yeah.
That's fine.
But what would a cacophonous experience like that be?
It would be so confusing.
You would not know your own id from your own tid.
Not only...
Not only would you remove your own head from your own body, but you would actually be forcing
yourself into a situation where you'd be looking at yourself from the inside.
There's no law against wearing such apparel on the street as long as it can be distinguished
that man is man and woman is woman.
I think he's just a big boy.
My significant other is a pre-optimist.
As long as it can be distinguished that man is man and woman is woman.
It's a pleasure, isn't it?
I'm going to cry.
I'm going to cry.
I'm going to cry.

Man is man.
Man is man.
Man is man.
Man is man.
Man is man.
I'm giving yourself over.
Man, Connie Spews there, friends, from Reverend Protectrix, Amazonia.
And now we're going to dare delve deep into the folds of the Connie-ites, such as Nikki
Deathchick, who preached at the Oasis of Slack, friends in Tucson.
She already knows you.
If you ordered anything...
I'm a web genius.
...products in the last five years, I have seen your name before passing your order onto
one of the robots or lesser beings.
And of course, there's the constant hassle of having to deal with the attention you get
when you're part of a very small but ever-expanding pool of mutant females in a great big pool
of male mutants.
Additionally, many of the events of the past years would not have been accomplished had
it not been for Connie-ite intervention.
Free recurrence!
Including dock stock in Amsterdam.
Cannot!
Coca-Cola Exhibition?

And it's funny because we really didn't plan it this way.
It simply became necessary.
We had mysterious visions and hang up phone calls while the phone was unplugged, but there
were certain things we just had to do.
And I'm not doing any ass licking today.
I told you that, right?
Yes, yes.
No ass licking.
I'm telling you it's getting so a fella can't
get away from the goddamn sick.
Eww.
no more. I left New York for that same reason. Hell, I love that city. As before, it got crazy,
that is. And all that atomic shit starts falling out of the sky. And wherever a spore touches you,
a parasite will grow. A guy broke into the house. Yeah. He raped you. You liked it. He died. They
got used to eating human flesh. He feeds those pigs, dead people. And then he eats the pigs.
So what? Everybody's sick. Everybody running away from everything. And what are you? What are
you? Troublemaking? Yeah. Terror, horror, death. Filming 11. And I found this little parable about
Kali that perfectly illustrates the position of the Cognites in the church today that I'd like
to share with you. The goddess immediately set out to be battled with the dreaded demon in the
form of Kali. Her eyes were red, her complexion was dark, her features gaunt, her hair was
unbound, her teeth sharp like fangs. As she rode onto the battleground on her thine,
Raktavija experienced fear for the first time in his demonic heart. Kali ordered the gods to
attack him. She then spread her tongue to cover the battlefield, preventing even a single drop
of Raktavija's blood from falling on the ground. Drunk on Raktavija's blood, Kali was
rammed across the cosmos, killing anyone who dared cross her path. Now it's obvious that
this ancient myth is just an archaic story about Bob, one of the old Bob's battles against
the conspiracy, represented by the demon. So while Bob, or Shiva, was lost in meditation,
which is just a diplomatic way of saying to frot, who went out to take care of Bob?

You can't take care of business. Why, of course, Kali is consulate, who incidentally can do
miraculous things with her tongue, which kind of proves that the story is true.
She was a...
She damn well is metal.
Solid. Solid metal.
Yeah.
Impregnable.
I was so proud of her.
Well, I heard she is impregnable.
I was so proud of her. She got up in...at the D Bible, and she preached her little
heart out, and her mighty, excellent...

...excellent lungs were heaving as she preached, and preached on the false Connie's versus
the true Connie type.
She preached her beloved groins right off, and I was not sadder than anybody there, crying
as I was, to see that happen. She is a lovely person. I mean, a more lovely personality.
Personality and...
And a playwright as well, who works for the EMS services. Well, I didn't actually see
that part. I think I was just imagining it.
She was my daughter, I...
Well, you wish you were.
You wish you was your daughter, don't you?
No, actually, now she's...
Is your daughter.
...several years older than my daughter, and so it's okay, you know?
Ah, I see why I got the dirty old man look. Now I understand. Well, you know, some babes,
you know, like in their 30s, actually look younger, so she actually is younger.
Technically, Reverend Nikki Deschick is an employee of the...she's one of my fellow
coworkers for the...
I thought you were gonna say she was an imperialist.
No, so if I were to cite fresh things about her and so forth, that could be construed
as on-the-job harassment.
You see?
Okay. We don't want you to harangue her on your job or any other place you go.
No, but I sure wouldn't mind it if she harassed me. Oh, yes. Have you ever seen Nikki
Deschick in her nun outfit with that big old whip, that riding crop, and her...
I personally would rather spank Nikki than have her spank me. I'm just one of those
kind of guys.
Well, she'd probably rather that, too, and she's into guilt on both parties and taking
turns because the guilt is what makes the forget...makes it all so hard.



And later...
But Nikki is always dating with the...

Well, she tend to think that you let more or less them reste.







You know, it just proves my point that we are the ones who are supposed to take over all along.
But just last week, Sister Decadence, the producer of the Paniyat calendar, was lamenting
that we just don't have enough months in the year to display all of the fine Paniyat
names.
But as in the story from Hindu mythology, it is important to note that the powers of
the Paniyats are varied, ranging from pundits to bloodlust and everything in between.
Like the many arms of the goddess Kali, we all represent different aspects of Constance
Marshdow, which is her full name, each claiming our own unique niche.
There has been the occasional pink female who tried to infiltrate the church, and one
can only imagine sin by the conspiracy to take the anti-bloodline.
These were easily recognizable as pink because they were all the same.
Their basic atmosphere...
They were just to be like, hey, I'm a girl.
That's all I have to offer.
Look, breasts!
They didn't have that quality that all true subgeniuses share, which is to be completely
different from every other subgenius.
And look how far we've come to bringing God's prophecy to life, that there will be many
Paniyat yetis all in life and next.
Let us pay homage to all those who aren't with us this evening, who have done so much
for the sake of your slack.
Let us pay homage to all those who are with us this evening, who have done so much for
the sake of your slack.
Like Sister Deconance, Mary Magdalene, Rabbi, Princess Marie, Barbie, Daniel, Angela, Profex,
Lilith, Friday, and of course, Queen of Paniyat who's alive today, Sister Susie, the Blue
Genie.
And everybody else who's made the text there that I forgot to mention.
If you want to be happy, keep your legs open and your mouth shut.
No, no, look, I want to get this straight.
You showed them your purse.
and that makes them pass out and thanks again for servicing our daughter you
try to save my wife screwed an elephant now you know how powerful the devil is
and if you cross him he's gonna be mad as hell let me think I gotta think this
hole is so ugly she can scare a hungry bulldog off the back of a meat truck I
suppose digging in cow dung is fun it depends on what you find underneath
I remember now after a fast out I remember
a serpent a horrible thing towering above me
called around a crucifix Fritz get up for God's sake get up they've killed
Fritz they've killed Fritz those lousy stinking yellow fairies those horrible and chocolatey built vermin those despicable animal
war markets they've killed Fritz
take that
take that you creeps
you black-eyed and short-nosed
because of my interactions with false Connie-ites in my earliest days in involvement with the church
I never wanted to talk about Connie or do things that seemed like I was placing my gender above my gettiness
but things have changed
my aspect has always been more of the Collie side of Connie
to get shit done and pull out my ass
I've never punished the guilty while providing slack for the true followers of the path of God
my contribution has been and will continue to be giving you what you really want
which I'm finding out more and more is to be teased and taunted
while you feel that delicious forbidden guilt
and in fact, I've been doing that to you
so for your enjoyment and frustration
I'm going to talk about blowjobs
they started a brag of Nikki Death Chick and it's called
My blowjobs are so good
and I'm not going to talk about blowjobs
I'm going to talk about my blowjobs

I'm just going to talk about my blowjobs
and I'm just going to talk about my blowjobs
Young grudger a pain in the ass
He's just a man, horny like every other guy.
We're going back to that island, Fairbanks.
Back to find the beasts that chewed up your pals while they were still alive and kicking.
You want to come along?
We've all heard we've been terrorized by what some people say is a sea monster.
Ha ha ha ha. What I say, it's only a fish. And we're not going to be intimidated by a fish.
I got big problems. I mean, stuff that dogs don't understand.
Well, why doesn't somebody reason with it? Can't you control it? It's got to be stopped.
We're your government. We're the good guys.
A preachment, dear friends, you're about to receive on John Barleycore, nicotine, and the temptations of Eve.
Pfft!
Okay, let's hear it. It's so good.
Once I was happy and had a good wife.
I had enough money to last me for life.
I met with a gal and we went on a spree.
She taught me to smoke and drink whiskey.
Cigarettes and whiskey and wild, wild wood.
And I'll play with you, got you in sync.
Cigarettes and whiskey and wild, wild wood.
And I'll drive you crazy, then drive you insane.
I, I sing temptation, will ya?
Please.
Cigarettes is a blot on the whole human face.
A man is a monkey with one in his face.
Here's my definition. Believe me, dear brother.
A fire on one end, a fool on the other.
Cigarettes and whiskey and wild, wild wood.
And I'll play with you, got you in sync.
Cigarettes and whiskey and wild, wild wood.
And I'll play with you, got you in sync.
Cigarettes are a way of, dear friend.
Somebody get that bum out of here.
Brother, repent or they'll write on your grave.
Two women and whiskey, here lies a poor slave.
Take warning, dear stranger. Take warning, dear friend.
They'll write in big letters these words that then.
Cigarettes and whiskey and wild, wild wood.
And I'll play with you, got you in sync.
Cigarettes and whiskey and wild, wild wood.
And I'll play with you, got you in sync.
Listen, I want to hear temptation, you hear?
That's what I want to hear, temptation.
Hold it, hold it, brother.
My friend, I'm afraid you're in the wrong place.
We don't sing that kind of music here.
Okay. Then show us your muscles.
Oh no, no, no, no.
Hey!
Good God! The prediction came true!
Now what's that?
The bomb pipe.
It's a young hipster teenager girl, with a bomb pipe in her mouth,
and a broom stick inserted just the way Bob predicted would be the new fad of the...
Now, speaking of things that come and go.
Speaking of fags, is that a real broomstick or is that one?
Signs of the end times.
When you see a broomstick where it shouldn't ought to be, whether it be inserted by New York Police Department or Bob Dobbs himself, friends, you know the end times are coming.
And so a lot of gross perverts out there, of which I am not that kind myself.
Nay, brother.
And I only look at these things.
Can I get a witness?
Look at in your eyes, the yellow matter dripping down from the corners of your eyes.
Praise the Lord, the past the affinition.
Praise the Lord, the past the affinition.
Sometimes I wish God gave me a Holy Ghost machine and I'd blow your head off.
There's some new words that are being described very blatantly.
Let me give you an example.
In the lyrics of songs, when you hear...
When you hear them sing about engine, motor, or machine, they're referring to sex.
When you hear them sing about funky, they're referring to sexual odors.
When they sing about groovy, they're talking about the position of intercourse.
When they sing of get off, they're singing about the goal of love making.
And then you hear them talk about, sing about groupies, they're talking about rock prostitutes.
I am a groupie.
Be, be, be, be, be, be.
Do you know what a groupie is?
I am a groupie.
You're a groupie.
You're a groupie.
A rock group freak like me, who digs musicians and follows them night after night to wherever their gig is.
I am a groupie.
I'm 16 years old.
I am a groupie.
I get where I want to go, any way I can.
Thumb trips, a van, or daddy's wheel.
All I want is to be free.
And all I've got are looks and a few gimmicks.
I am a groupie.
I'm a groupie.
I'm a good expert here at groupies.
I'm going into groupies and I want to know what's love now, what's important, what's character be in tone?




I'm 16 years old.
I am a groupie.
I am a groupie.
I'm a groupie.
I am a groupie.
I am a groupie.
The beat.
I would say at this point that it's absolutely incredible
to hear those primitive drum beats
and the overt and blatant reference to Satan.
That is unbelievable.
Every time I hear it, it gets me,
I guess the word to describe it would be the creeps.
Sometimes late at night I have to play this beat
and it's not fun to play that type of beat after midnight, believe me.
But if you think that's unbelievable,
I've got more of this song for you.
I've got more of this song for you.
Slap.
That's what we call slap.
That's the problem when you unbuckle the seatbelt.
Just let your forehead cave right in.
Just deflate, baby.
What would be better than...
You've been tight.
You've been inflated.
You rose earlier.
Now it's time to just flop, baby.
Just let it all out.
Every brain cell, let it melt, melt, melt
down into a little puddle of gray matter soup.
Puh, them sips.
Sip, sip, sip.
That's soup and sleep, friends.
But not until you've checked out all the words and videotapes of Bob Dobbs
at www.subgenius.com
or, got that pencil ready?
Bob at Post Office Box 140306 Dallas, Texas 75214.
Oh, yes, and that was the bran flakes, friends,
doing the praise of the Lord groupie, the groupie bit.
The bran flakes at...
The bran flakes.
Branflakes.com.
And now I want...
Stay tuned, friends, you internet listeners,
for Nicky's X-rated rant after Z-Zon.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.

Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.

Ah.
Ah.
Ah.


Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.

Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.








She's pretty, don't you think?
And you creeped her out.
I felt even more uncomfortable
when my father suddenly began taking his clothes off.
And before I could say Sigmund Freud,
my father put on this...
this...
this diaper.
To see my own father in a diaper, uh...
Whoa!
What do you think could have done that to him?
I wish I knew, Lieutenant.
But look at the way his skin and clothes are torn.
I...
It's almost as if, I don't know, it's almost as if he exploded.
If you're always in this condition, it's quite obvious you couldn't get it up, even if you used a crane.
Robin, must you always smother my cooking in tornadoes before you even taste it?
There is so much to see, and though there is so far for men to go,
it's good to travel wide, and then it's good to come back home again.
Fasten safety belts, please. Fasten safety belts, please.
We're coming in for an Earth landing.
Now we're turning. Our tail will point toward the Earth,
and we will slow down our landing with our tail rockets.
There's the field below.
People say in Boston even beans do it.
Beans will do it, friends.
Home again.
My blowjobs are so good that I will be solely responsible for the second coming.
My blowjobs are so good that Bob himself offered to pay me for one,
and I told him he didn't have enough money.
My blowjobs are so good.
My blowjobs are so good that they had to rename Deep Throat's shallow indentation.
My blowjobs are so good that they're a felony in most southern states.
My blowjobs are so good that I cause rigor mortis in the living.
My blowjobs are so good that I make porno actresses re-evaluate their career paths.
My blowjobs are so good that Connie herself called me up and asked me for lessons.
Yeah!
My blowjobs are so good that the Pope declared them a mortal sin.
This one's really gross. I'm fond of it.
My blowjobs are so good that I regularly eat it in my stomach pump.
My blowjobs are so good that my longest blowjob involved time travel.
Here's another one along the same lines.
My blowjobs are so good that my most gravitational pull is in danger of creating a black hole.
I get Stephen Hawking nightmares.
My blowjobs are so good that if I ever became a lesbian, the suicide rate would triple in my life.
My blowjobs are so good that last time I hit a popsicle in public,
I got charged with violating public abstinence laws.
My tongue can fold in ways only M. C. Escher could understand.
All right.
I think we've had about enough bad blowjobs for learning to date.
All right. I've got one more. I didn't write any.
This Catholic Parish…
The head priest was out for the day.
listening deep in punks'!!
to make her a confession.
My girl confesses that she just gave someone a blowjob.
There's a sheet on the wall of the confessional
so the priest can refer to it
to give penances for standard sins.
But he can't find blowjobs on there.
So he goes out and asks an altar boy,
what does a pastor usually give for blowjobs?
The altar boy says, oh, about five bucks.
All right, that's enough.
That's enough.
Reverend Amy Gubchin, please order some shins
so I can keep my job.
