The Skulls of Genius
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
From PR News in Washington, I'm killed and wounded.
The President is announcing billions of government grants today to speed the process along.
The grants will go to a hundred different states.
On Wall Street, 6 to 9, 99, 5, 37, 37.
The War Crimes Board reported today that this is PR News.
The Obama Administration is reporting that nothing changes.
The report says that nothing changes.
The U.S. military in Afghanistan says it is time to update the government
to make PR's reports cheaper for aging leader Harry Reid,
and PR News was once again absent.
This is London.
This is London.
Sink into the abyss of a new dark age,
made more sinister and perhaps more protracted
by the likes of perverted science.
The Skulls of Genius.
Power of Science.
This was their finest hour.
TSA notification of brain inspection.
To protect you...
and your fellow Americans,
the TSA,
Telepathic Security Agency,
is required by law to inspect all citizens' brains on a daily basis.
As part of this process,
some brains are opened and physically inspected.
Your brain was among those selected for physical inspection.
During the inspection,
your brain and its contents may have been searched for prohibited ideas or thought crimes.
At the completion of the inspection,
the contents were returned to the public.
The TSA is required to inspect your brain.
If the security officer was unable to open your brain for inspection because of your cranium,
the officer may have been forced to break your skull open.
The TSA sincerely regrets having to do this.
However, the TSA is not liable for any damage to your skull resulting from this necessary security precaution.
Your government thanks you for your continued compliance, cooperation, and complacency.
Have a good day.
On Exchange Day and Pop Culture Week
Speaking on the blinking screen
Inspecting
The indirect media

In väldigt
You're fired!
You're fired!
You know your locker at the club, Bob.
You're fired!
I'm talking about 40 million
Deutsche Werke, Bob!
40
million Deutsche Werke, Bob!
Hello. This is Mr. Dodd.
This is not science fiction. This is real.
This is real.
The Hitchcock's are appearing in the sky.
Break it for me.
You can see them outside this window
at the right location, at the right position.
But you know when I first
became aware of
the Genius Foundation, you know,
Radio Ministry Hour of Black,
and you know, and the literature,
it all seemed like science fiction, and at first
you know, it's hard
to believe, to want to
believe that it's more like
because at first it seemed like science
fiction mixed with religion.
But now, this time
period in which everything
is playing out, UFOs are appearing in the sky
right before you, and it's up close and personal.
You know, you think twice about,
because you, because you live, because you brought up
and it
It may be weird to you, but it is my religion.
It's about time, it's about space,
about strange people in a strange place.
It's about time, it's about flight,
traveling faster than the speed of light.
It's about time, it's about space,
about strange people in a strange place.
We're here.
It's about time, it's about flight,
traveling faster than the speed of light.
MMMMBOB
Squity, squity, squity, love my little squity,
squity, squity, squity, rock and roll.
Squity, squity, squity, love my little squity,
squity, squity, squity, rock and roll.
That put the frothy head on a beer of Nazi laughter.
And they, I mean, Bob, this is getting bad.
The key to all of this is money.
Man, I wish I had a nickel for every bag of nickels I have.
That's a lot of nickels.
Let's count them.
He is rock and roll and swag.
I shaved my head.
I shaved my head.
I shaved my head.
I shaved my head.
Praise Bob and all his years.
Large.
What if Bob was one of us?
Oh, what if, what if, what if?
Friends, oh, well, well, well.
We're back on the air live and it's lunch drive time.
Oh, boy.
And welcome to our event.
Slack number 1,231.
Oh, we're so jolly and happy here at the station
as we dig through the lists of wonders that we can offer you.
When you pledge, that's right.
Yes, friends, you know, here at Hour of Slack,
sure, we can put together shows made of the corpses of other shows,
but it's best to do it live.
And it's just not the same.
It's not the same without a radio station.
You know, it's hard to do a live show without a radio station.
And not every radio station is going to let us do these kinds of shows.
No same.
I don't have to tell you that wherever you are, whatever town you're in,
you've probably only got one or two good stations, if any.
And none of them are the commercial stations, right?
Well, you know, we dole out the word of Bob
and the music of all these bands and such like and so forth
for pretty much next to nothing, but it ain't really nothing.
And that's why I'm going to ask the true subgeniuses
and the false subgeniuses and everybody who hates the church and subgenius
to call into this station.
I'm going to give you that number.
That's...
I bet you can remember that and I won't have to say it over and over again.
In the 216 area code.
See, you can remember that.
It ain't that easy.
For the $10 pledge, friends, for $10 you get the subgenius book
called Pamphlet No. 2.
It's a 16-page book and, you know,
the way we used to do things when we were younger,
we used really small print.
So it takes about a month to read this 16-page booklet,
which you will get for only your $10 pledge.
But get this.
Imagine if you had $15 in your pocket.
Now, I know for most of you that's vast riches you can hardly imagine,
but just if you had that $15 and could send it to this station
or bring it to the open house coming up,
November 20th and November 22nd, Kennedy Day,
we'll be here to see you and take your money personally.
That is me, Reverend I.D. Stang, Princess Wee.
Dr. Sinister will be here.
Last time I was at open house, I met Dr. Sinister's dad,
who was younger than me.
Kind of depressing.
Anyway, friends, for $15 you get the subgenius pamphlet
as well as a WCSB premium.
Yes, the WCSB premium.
Now, get this, friends.
The $15 premiums include an ashtray for your drugs from WCSB.
I mean, the ashtray has a WCSB logo.
The drugs, you have to get those at the convenience store.
You can get a T-shirt of your own pick.
For instance, there's a Day of the Dead T-shirt,
but you'd have to come to the open house to get that.
You can get two VHS tapes for your $15 pledge.
VHS.
Remember that?
That's the kind that will continue to play
no matter how many scratches it has on it.
And they have some nice bad film here,
the kind that subgeniuses like.
There's an Elvira tape.
There's The Frighteners, Peter Jackson.
Girlfriend from Hell, Your Life Story.
Igor and the Lunatics.
Legend of the Dinosaurs.
The She Creature.
The remake, unfortunately.
Things to Come.
The original.
Things to Come.
H.G. Wells.
Those are all available.
For just a $15 pledge, you can get the subgenius pamphlet and two movies.
For $20, friends.
$20!
Which you can spend by calling...
For only $20, we will give you, as a subgenius premium,
a CD called Devival, Then Fire.
Conspiracy.
Conspiracy.
Something, something.
It's one of the few DVD subgenius CDs
that was produced by somebody else besides us.
It's got me preaching in Madison, Wisconsin.
And Dr. Legume preaching in Madison, Wisconsin.
Hello to WORT in Madison, Wisconsin.
Friends, now, when I tell you to pledge to your station
from the one I'm talking from,
of course I mean WCSB in Cleveland.
But if some...
If you're on a show that's...
Some station that syndicates this show,
that plays it in syndication,
why, you could donate to that station.
But my dear friends by internet,
and I see that there's quite a few of you
all over the world listening by internet.
Now, you can call 216...
If you spend $20,
you can get any number of CDs
as well as the subgenius CD.
Including...
Now, then, you subgeniuses listen,
because there's...
We've...
For real, these...
We only have one each of these in the station.
But I went through the premiums
to pick the ones that you would be interested in.
For instance, this CD,
The Billy Nair Show,
American Astronaut,
as seen at X Day.
We actually had that band played
and showed the movie American Astronaut
three X Days ago.
Goat Horror.
I've never heard them, but I love the name.
GWAR CD,
called Beyond Hell, is available.
Notice that I'm only reading out the names of bands
that we are friends with.
Kirkendall Void, from here in Cleveland area.
Their CD, Graveyard of Go-Go, is here.
Only one, with your $20 pledge to Hour of Slack.
KMFDM,
Tohu Vabahu is here.
That CD.
Reverend Paul Krasner's comedy album,
We Have Vays of Making You Laugh,
is here.
Princess We is here.
Oh, but she's not a CD that you can have.
Oh, and Dave has called.
Let's see what happens if we poke Dave.
Is Dave in here yet?
He's in here.
Oh, there's Dave. Okay.
But where is in here?
In here is where you can also find a CD of Negative Land.
A big 10-8 place.
My favorite Negative Land CD for your $20 pledge.
A wonderful, horrific living room of the mind
for you, available for a limited time only.
But it's only a limited time.
Isn't it?
It's, well, you know, Dave,
we're all on limited time.
Except for those who have become subgenius ministers.
They live forever.
In the minds of others, but not...
No, no, they live forever physically in heaven on earth.
You mean everything I've hoped and prayed for for so long
is actually true and available for a limited time
only from a church of the subgenius?
Yeah.
Okay.
But we can't advertise,
we can't advertise Church of the Subgenius materials
unless they're pledge premiums for WCSB,
which they are.
In fact, for $25 pledge,
you get Arise, the subgenius DVD.
Yes, Arise, the subgenius DVD.
And any pledge on up.
I mean, even if you pledge more than $25,
you'll still get Arise or and, and,
not just that subgenius premium,
but you also get the tote bag,
the WCSB tote bag.
The tote bag.
It's beautiful.
It's hairy, it's wrinkled.
You can put cabbages in there.
You can tote them everywhere.
Yes, I'm sorry.
Oh, yeah, yeah, I'm sorry.
When I think of them, all of a sudden,
all these images start coming in my mind,
and I just wish I could pledge something because,
well, I mean, I do want to pledge to every pledger
that I will personally extrameditate upon them
getting slack for one solid month.
That doesn't mean it's going to happen,
but, you know, I'm going to pledge to them.
You know, often people, when they expect your pledges,
they offer prayers for you to some deity or thing like that.
That's right.
We'll pray for you, and we'll play with ourselves for you.
And you must remember about...
We'll pray with you.
Exactly.
We'll play with yourself.
We're sitting across from the same table.
I mean, there's not too many places we can go.
We can play footsie, or we can put up where we shut up,
exactly in the evacuation parts.
And think about it.
When the only truth you can get on radio,
is a damn comedy show.
You know, don't you think that's worth something?
Comedy show?
Well, the station also has comedy shows.
That's true.
Oh, what? The conspiracy has comedy shows?
And the station even has, I think, some sort of humorous show.
Now, this happens to be a religious program.
Oh, okay.
I didn't know you were doing that tonight.
Well, we do.
That's all we ever did.
This is the only thing we ever did.
This is a religious show.
But it is a pledge drive.
This is the only time when we get to act like Christian preachers,
and hit you up for money.
Because normally, this is a public supported station,
and we don't really advertise per se.
I'm going to actually ask that the hand of Bob comes out.
That the pipe, even super eternally, comes out of his mouth,
which is impossible to begin with.
Comes out and offers you slack,
if you can get off your big, fat, rosy duff,
and move yourself to an area where your cell phone can actually be received,
and call, what's the number?
6900 in the 216 area code.
And if you can't remember 6900, then you're way behind.
And I can see those listeners out there,
with their finger hovering over that little push button phone,
trying to figure out, well, dude, can I really spare $50, or even $5?
Just to get me a little bit of money.
And then, if you can't remember $50,


for a $50,
for a $50,
for a $50,





for a $50,
for a $50,
we're going to tax you.
And you can have that,
and a Subgenius CD,
D-Vival CD.
And the love of your favorite, hot, other-sex babe person.
Now, get this Dave.
I'm sorry.
Get this Dave.
You might,
if you had $20, you'd probably wanna spend that,
because not only would you get the Subgenius CD, D-Vival, then Fire,
you would also get,
your choice of e-book,
Either a big old beer mug, the CSB beer mug, or the Sin Pack.
Now, get this, friends, brothers, sisters, listen to me.
This is the only church, the only radio station that offers you a Sin Pack as a pledge premium.
I bet you want to know what's in that Sin Pack besides condoms.
Well, actually, there are no condoms in it, although I suppose I could throw in a Connie condom with Connie's face on it.
But the Sin Pack has a WCSB ashtray for your ashes and your drugs.
You can haul your ashes into that tray.
It's got a beer cozy.
If you're the kind that has to keep your beer cold because it takes you so long to drink it, then you get that, and you also get a shot glass.
A shot glass, a beer cozy, and an ashtray.
All in one, that's a Sin Pack.
And we'll throw in a Connie condom if you mention it to us, friends.
That is one of the most beautiful marketing plans.
I've ever heard in my life an actual Sin Pack consisting of everything that you're going to need for a debauched or semi-debauched or even a flash of evening at home,
as so many radio listeners are today.
When they feel the hand of Bob come down and stroke the center of their forehead and push the palm of his hand slightly up towards their third nostril,
they're going to know.
There is no more money.
Please, please, please pledge by calling this number.
It's 6900.
And don't miss the opportunity.
Sire, we've got to get some money.
Don't miss the opportunity.
Please act now.
Don't blow it.
Act while actions are so irrelevant.
Think of it.
We live in a bull-dodger world.
What sort of meaning could you extract from your life, you stupid one?
Excuse my language.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean that.
I mean a couple of maximum, but you know what I'm saying, don't you?
Please, please excuse me.
You know what I'm saying.
Just put it up.
Come on.
Get up off that chair.
Follow me.
Now you can have something to sell.
We all know we're in the art of selling.
We create a mental and an emotional climate of unconscious selling.
Right in your own home.
Right in this radio station, friends.
That is where we're selling.
You on yourself.
And your pride.
In stationery.
Not stationary, but this station.
Think of this beautiful, humongous, living room, church, comedy, whatever you choose to call it.
And how long it has served your needs as an aborigine.
I mean, as an abnormal.
How long it has serviced your needs as a Hunan bean.
Or another saucer gravy.
You've been around for long enough to know that if you only pledge,
you'll never be able to get it.
You'll never be able to get it.





And some miraculous, miraculous toys, presents, supernatural powers are going to be at your disposal.
Just like the ways disposals use it at home.
At least for a limited time only.
Because after tonight, this pledge-a-thon may be temporarily over until the next one.
So please, friends, if you've got anything to do, make sure one of the things that you do do,
is call this number.
And the message is 6900.
And pledge your life if need be.
I'm overcome.
Dave, Dave, it's good.
No, don't, really, please don't come over the keyboard.
You have to have shoes, handles, forbearance.
They mean foreskins.
Many of them are totally alarmed.
They're left alone for too long.
That's not.
That's not.
Some of them need.
They have so many needs out there.
I mean, I know that it's a luxury to help the station, friends.
But what is it a luxury?
Is staying warm a luxury?
No, it's a necessity.
Winter's coming on.
So you're going to need that beautiful green coach's jacket with that WCSB logo.
It's such a great pickup object for your $40 pledge.
Oh, yes.
And if later on in the winter, it's going to get even colder and you're going to need
that hoodie with your $50 pledge to 6900.
And when you prance around your local dairy mart or, I don't know, commercial product,
your actual, do they still do it?
Quickie Mart.
You can say Quickie Mart.
Boobie Mart.
When you go to your local small area there, you're going to look really styling down to
the, I'm sorry, man, I'm losing it.
Friend, you don't want to be like Dave, losing it all over the airwaves, losing your dignity,
sneezing your dignity onto the airwaves of Northern Ohio and the world.
But I'd look so much better in a CSB hoodie, though.
Maybe that would take a little bit off.
Now, look, we're starting to get calls in from far, far away.
For instance, here's Wombat Diaz, the good Reverend Wombat Diaz out of Sacramento, California.
He's a corny.
Make her a fine guano.
He's managed to put out that $20.
Now, he can't even come to WCSB's open house on November 8th, or I mean November 20th and
November 22nd, Kennedy Day, to meet a Reverend Stang, Princess Wee, and Lonesome Cowboy Dave's
ghost or spirit or cat or something.
But yet, he will get that GWAR CD, so nobody else can get it now.
All of these are priceless originals right now.
Now, I mean, just think of what you could probably do with these things on the Internet
or probably in the bathroom if you have the mind to.
Any object you're going to receive in return for your gracious, generous offering of support
for Station WCSB 89.3 in Cleveland.
By the way, listeners and Dave, I want you to know that just in case you were thinking,
well, this is a pretty popular show.
They probably are doing pretty well.
I mean, I probably don't need to, you know, they don't need it that bad.
Well, guess what?
That name I just read, that's the only caller.
Oh.
The only one.
We've got one.
Oh, wait.
No, no, I'm wrong.
Princess Wee does, the beautiful Princess Wee has brought in two more.
Oh, my God.
Two entire pledges.
The praise mark of Euclid and praise Joe.
He's a true Joe.
Friends.
I guess we're winning in New Hampshire and I'm sure we're going to close the gap soon.
Whatever kind of gap we're trying to close.
Mind the gap.
Friends, my brothers and sisters in England, we'll take your euros.
We'll take any kind of money.
We'll take YAP money, the giant stone disks that are used for money on the island of Yap.
We'll take YAP money.
We'll take confessions.
We'll take prayers.
We'll take your love.
We'll take your.
We'll take your trust and abuse it.
Well, no, we won't abuse your trust because, you know.
Well, we did once.
Who can you?
But that's another story.
That was so long ago.
Remember the chest merkins?
Until the rupture, who can you trust?
Who can you trust?
But J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Especially if you've got a herniated area down there, which brings me back again to,
I'm sorry so many of you were disappointed last year when the WCSB chest merkins,
which really did.
They do exist.
Oh, I forgot about the merkins.
We, yeah, we don't have those this year.
And we're a little bit backed up.
So in other words, if you do a little back, we can't.
You're right.
We can't exactly print up more chest merkins, so to speak, unless we pay for individual
because we can't get a lot figure, so to speak.
If you know what I mean, in business terms, we can't get a large amount for a reduced
rate wholesale.
Um, if there probably won't be any merkins.
Unless one of you guys wants to, you know, pledge a whole lot of money to WCSB.
I guarantee a thousand dollar pledge to WCSB by anybody out there, whether you're in Baja,
California or Reno, Nevada, just any kind of money, but mostly a thousand dollars will
get you what?
How many chest merkins staying for a thousand dollars?
You will be, uh, an, uh, an overman first degree.
We will make you.
We will.
We will actually do the surgery on your mind that will turn you into an overman first degree.
You hold up a picture, a full scale picture of a Yeti right next to you and there'll be
no difference.
Now, friends, while we're on the subject of important things like your call to WCSB to
pledge at, uh, while we're on that, I should mention some subgenius news.
Uh, there is a devival coming up.
For those who have, uh, uh, friends or, uh, lifestyles in Detroit on November 28th, the
amino acids will be hosting a big devival in Detroit, November 28th.
For information on that, you'll just have to look at the amino acids.com or subgenius.com
and click on the events button.
You'll also see that there's going to be weekly devival.
In Chicago or rather sermons by Pope Michael Flores, the Pope of Chicago.
He's going to be giving, uh, lectures at the liars club, hellfire sermons, uh, every week
starting November 28th.
Uh, and, uh, then every, uh, whatever day that is in December in Chicago, you're going
to want to check that out at subgenius.com events.
Maybe the hour of slack, this radio show, you know, this is the 1,250 hour of slack.
31st episode.
You ever wonder where we keep the old episodes?
Well, you can download all 1000 of them now, just about actually, uh, probably only about
900 of them.
And you can find that at subgenius.com under the part that says radio on the front page
radio Haas.
Haas is short for hour of slack, short for HOS.
And, uh, yes, you can now, we now have...
We have archived radio.
You, Dave, you probably didn't know this, but now you can for free download hundreds
of hours of slack going back to the 1990s, starting with, I think, hour of slack number
333 or something all the way up through the current ones.
And you can find that at our website.
Did you know that there's a movement to make Dr. Howell, the subgenius personality of San
Francisco into, uh...
They want to run him for Congress.
That's on your Facebook subgenius world, which I don't pay any attention to.
Because if I start doing Facebook, I'll never get any work done.
And besides, you'll be mugging constantly and you just want to hurt small things around
you like the rock you sit on.
So, friends, you can, if you don't like a hard thing hurting your butt, quit sitting
on that rock.
Get up off it.
Get up.
Get up.
Get up.
Get up.

Get up.











Get up.
Get up.
Get up.
Get up.
Get up.
Get up.
Get up.
Get up.
Get up.
Get up.
Get up.
This station.
That is as soft as buttermilk candy.
It goes down as easy as slop-o and winky.
It is beautiful.
We sell the thing for $20, and yet for $25, you not only get that thing,
but a WCSB tote bag or a baseball-style tee or a Marcus-style t-shirt,
whatever that means, or a tote bag.
A tote bag.
It has glimmerings of angst and nausea plastered all over its forehead.
It is for you, my friend.
Friends, these stations are for you.
And it's not just this station, as this happens to be this station's pledge drive.
But while I'm thinking about it, I'd like to do a shout-out to all the other stations
that play the Hour of Slack not on a podcast but a broadcast.
For instance, WORT.
Beautiful WORT in Madison, Wisconsin.
Lovely WQL.
WFS at Guilford College in Greensboro, North Carolina.
Fabulous WREK in Atlanta, home of Bob's Slack Time Funhouse and Reverend Susie the Flusie.
WMPG in Portland, Maine.
They just had an unauthorized revival in Portland, Maine.
And they would do it that way up there.
WHUS in Storrs, Connecticut.
We hear from our beloved friends.
This one holds a spell.
This one holds a special place in my heart.
WEFT in Champaign, Illinois.
Because I spent my whole weekend playing with toys that were given to me by the good Reverend Oroboros from WEFT.
He donated microscope equipment to the church.
And, you know, we do a lot of science experiments.
We're kind of an island of Dr. Moreau in miniature.
Actually, it's in a Petri dish.
Also, it would help with your eye, with your errand, with your bazaar.
Well, it helps in making poisons that can be used to infect other people's eyes.
And relax twitch tissue as well.
So, you see, it's any station that you happen to be at.
Even if they don't do pledge drives.
Even if, like WREK in Atlanta, they're so well off they don't have to do pledge drives.
Heck, give your local station your money.
But best of all, give this station you're listening to right now.
Yes.
All of your money.
Don't just give us your money.
Give us your wallet.
Give us your checkbook.
Give us your library card.
Your driver's license.
Give us back everything you ever bought from Church of the Subgenius.
Give us your membership.
Give us the deed to your house.
Give us your car.
Siphon the gas out of it.
Give us a can of gas.
We need anything we can get.
And we want to get you.
You.
That's what we most want to get, my friends.
You.
Your attention and your trust.
And it's not that Bob needs money.
Bob's the richest man in the world.
Even if he wasn't, he wouldn't need money because he's so lucky.
We need your faith in this station.
And your money in this station.
Think how you could have sex with WCSB by sticking something into it.
Well, you can.
You can stick your money into this station.
That's like having sex.
You may be a loner, have a little bit socially awkward, have trouble picking up the opposite or otherwise desired sex, whatever it is.
Friends, this is a virtual way to have sex by proxy with everyone in the station.
And there's some very attractive young men and ladies that do shows at the station.
They're not all like me.
And when you donate, when you shove that rigid donation into this station slot, you are inspermanating and impregnifying and making this station impregnable to brokenness.
Impregnable?
Impregnable.
We'll have your babies, man.
We want you to be our daddy.
We will not.
I'm asking $6,900.
Why do you think they call it $6,900?
Where have you been?
This guy, he thinks the fetuses we've got, or the feti, the fetuses we've got in the trunk have something to do with him and his girlfriend.
Now, speaking of, it has a lot to do with the girlfriend.
Whose girlfriend?
This station is the closest thing some of you are ever going to get.
We're going to have no girlfriend.
Just think of it, Frank.
You'd spend $150 taking a real girlfriend out on a date.
Take the station out for $20.
And don't you prefer your long-termness by yourself anyway?
Wouldn't you rather sit around the electronic fire and have illusions spun and webs woven in the back of your forehead and the front of your mind?
Just sit there where you sit and stand up and say, I want to support WCSB as an athletic supporter.
As a jerk.
It doesn't matter what kind of, what emblematic designs you have on the job itself.
If you're terrible, I never, please just send whatever it is.
Whatever we ask for, do it.
That's all we're asking.
Just do it.
Whip it out, man.
Baby.
What is this music in the background?
Is that, who is it?
I don't know, actually.
Are you doing a murder?
No, it's not.
Earlier, it was some easy listening stuff that Byron Werner was playing on Susie's show when we didn't know how to turn the automation back on.
Oh, well done.
But, but.
I believe.
Where is my, I have a, I have all kinds of.
Friends, what we heard at the beginning of the show, by the way, were the collages by Lee Murr, but also by the large Reverend Eric did the TSA brain inspection.
And Brother Jess Bone sent us a whole bunch of great collages that we played right there at the beginning.
And interspersed between Brother Jess Bone's collages was a call from Bernard.
You remember Bernard, don't you, Dave?
Yes, I was going to say brilliant work by all.
But then you added the Bernard thing, and I know that probably what we should do is light a candle.
Or perhaps.
Maybe we could just light a building on fire.
Or perhaps we could set the seat of our pants on fire and run around going woo, woo, woo in a larum.
As if that would wake the nation to the fact that what we need to do right now is to support free voices of unionism and underpants.
I'm talking about reality, friends.
I'm talking about it in tiny, small voice you can barely hear.
But what I'm really saying.
Is expend all of your donuts.
And donations.
And donations.
That's what I was.
That's it.
We're a do-nation, friends.
We're not a don't-nation.
We're a do-nation.
So do.
Donate.
We're on the positive.
By the way, this.
One from both sides.
A and B.
Just think of it that way.
If you have to.
In any way.
Sort of justify it.
As stupid an action as.
Sending a radio station money.
Think of it that way.
Now see, on your NPR, they'd be playing Bach in the background.
But we're playing Kenneth Johnson breaking Bach.
His broken Bach.
Allegro and E, B major.
Kenneth Johnson is the strange.
Listen to this.
And only through the magic of the hour of slant.
A particular show that you will be hearing.
On a particular station.
Can you envision it?
Oops.
Listen, listen, listen.
Listen.
This is me for God.
I just want to say it would be great.
And even interesting.
If you could bring back genius radio ministry, our flat time period after 1998.
With the UFOs are turning in the sky for me.
Personal.
There.
They are appearing in the sky for me.
If they appear at the right location, at the right position in the air for me to see them outside the window of where I'm still trying to maintain a place of residency here in this house.
You know, even though they.
Oh, close.
And it had been taken over.
But I'm still here.
And the UFOs are still appearing in the sky at the right position in the right location for me to see them.
Would be interesting if you could bring back our new message after, you know, long after 1990.
We're going to try.
Regardless of what we're going to try to bring back the hour of slack even after 1998.
Poor Bernard doesn't know that the show is still exists.
He's been.
He's been leaving these messages on my machine.
But he I don't think he I don't think he's quite cognizant that we're.
To me now.
Still doing.
Very cognizant.
And I think what he's done is he snapped a thread from one of those other concurrent realities.
They're folding by an apparel to me on a man mentioned, so to speak.
And he's grasped them.
And he's all the way there because he is in 1998, maybe nine or something.
And doesn't know or didn't know that.
Is it 1998?
Well, there's only one way of knowing for sure.
Send nineteen hundred and ninety eight X dollars to this station courtesy of this telephone number.
And we go to one six numbers.
They're nine.
And the rest is.
And give until it hurts.
Oh, it's hurt.





It's I'm so rusty.
And, you know, friends, we this station is not cheap to run and the government doesn't support it.
This isn't like NPR.
It's not a it's not a government propaganda station.
And the college in Cleveland State doesn't especially support it all that much.
We need your pennies to pay for the dang transit.
Trent Transmister on the top of the roof here.
I think they've got it wrong in their minds when they assume that you walk around, you know,
amidst these tall, tall columns of CDs dressed in surgical masks and outrageous footwear and that we expect for some flow.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I thought, did you see that light go by?
That is an omen of disaster for those who will not.
It's the UFOs.
They're up close and personal.
Speaking of freedom or, you know.
Eternal Self-Defense.
You know, I'm not talking about the information or triple your money back.
These are the end times.
Even morons know it.
And folks, who's a bigger moron than I?
I'm not talking about my physical.
I am talking about my ego being.
And perhaps I've misconstrued some certain parts, important parts of the English language.
And so have you.
We all have.
We're all confused about what to do right now.
But one thing is certain that you can do if you want to extract meaning from your meaningless life.
Send $25 as a pledge of support for this beautiful, wonderful station that you've taken for granted for time.
And if you can't extract it from your boring life, extract it from your boring wife.
Go to your mommy and daddy's purse and take out their money and send it to this station, kids.
Go to the nearest bar.
Ask the bartender you already owe $4.

If you could bum $25, do anything and everything you can.
Listen, folks, we've got to get together.
You've got to get together.
Are you different than you're one of the chosen?
And that's why this radio show has accidentally fallen into your hands.
Or do you stupidly assume you're the same as others?
Either way, it's time to forgive yourself, forgive others, and kill them.
Okay.
No, I mean metaphorically speaking.
And send us $25, $35, $45, $55.
That's pretty good.
And support WCSB.
And you can call in and you can talk to the, there's some sexy ministers on the lines tonight.
Your prayer partners are here ready to receive your promise.
Your covenant with Bob, friends.
Why, the evil Dr. Zaphod here picked up, he got one from Joseph Prowl for $200.
And I happen to know that that one's not a joke.
Those were the days, friend.
Back in the days when they would, when they were so dazed they would donate $200.
Of course, that was from Dallas.
People were rich in Dallas.
But they cared, too.
Think of it that way, Stangee.
They cared.
And if people in this area and any area we cover by the internet, I mean, come on, we will take your euros.
I don't know what we'll do with them.
We'll put, since they're worth a little bit more, we'll definitely convert it and probably use that administrative cost, won't we?
Yeah, but you can always donate to Bob.
And Bob will give it to the station.
Yeah, right.
If you have to, use PayPal.
But Bob will take credit cards.
I don't know about the station.
But Bob will.
I'd be willing to.
I will.
Of course.
Wait a minute.
God, the station.
I don't know if we can control it much longer the way it's running.
It's getting a little bit clunky.
Yes, it's acting up.
The engineers are trying to fix the undercarriage, but it's...
Is the console kind of giving you bad time?
Well, it always does.
It's always done that.
There's smoke coming out of it all of a sudden.
Whoa!
Oh, man.
Should we call some worthwhile numbers?
Right.
All right.
If you've got numbers, we can call.
Yeah, the 911.
Call 911.
No, no, no.
And then call some device.
Yes, the 6900.
Yeah.
I don't want to die.
I don't want to die.
6900.
I know what that number means.
It means...
Okay, I think I've got it under control.
No, wait, wait, wait.
I was worried, man.
I thought you might have to...
In one of those B movies from the B movies days, you might have to actually use CO2 instead
of petroleum distillate to blow up the station.



Well, I'm not going to blow up them fires because certain of those monsters were allergic
to cold weather or conditions that had...
And friends were all allergic to poverty and rust.
And so, we want you to combat those things, fight poverty.
We're going to wipe out poverty in our time, starting with this radio station.
We're also going to lift the icy hand of doom from your fetid, febrile forehead.
That's right.
And actually lay down the hand of Bob.
Like I said before, I will personally extra meditate on any individual who sends in over
$25 a pledge of slack for one month.
Think of it now.
It might not happen.
You might not get slack, but I will be extra meditating upon it as hard as I can.
And I promise you that.
And when a subgenius promises, you know that they're going to...
They're going to keep up the FIB, the faith in Bob.
Don't you know it?
That preacher in Dallas, Reverend Tilton, he used to promise that he would sleep on
the prayer requests that people sent in, but he didn't.
They found him in the trash behind the bank.
And then he lied and said, oh, I hallucinate.
It's so hard because I sleep on those letters and the ink soaks into my veins.
Well, friends, we don't do that.
We smoke your letters and the smoke goes up to heaven.
We're the men from Planet X with it.
And then they know that you're worth saving.
And that's why they deliver improved stereo sound to you, the WCSB listener, while making
every other station lame.
That's right.
Those aren't just voices in your head.
That's just not the cacophony of your ears barking back and forth to each other.
That is the sound of a government agent whispering false commands into your head.
Or it could be the voice of a Louis Vuitton.
Or from the west in a
Видео
Or a radio week or a radio show.
Or on a show其уб's
call in and pledge, and I'm going to give their names.
And we've only got 10 minutes left in this show.
Wouldn't you like to hear your name read out by me in some funny way?
Like this.
Reverend Agent Lloyd in Fort Worth.
Now, he's all the way down there in Fort Worth at 817 area code, and he donated $25.
He's going to get him a Rise DVD and some kind of WCSB premium.
And Dr. Dark here in Cleveland.
He got him a gift certificate for a chocolate shop because he talked to Princess We about what other things you can get because they do have gift certificates.
If you've already owned every subgenius item like Dr. Dark does and every WCSB promo like Dr. Dark does, you can get gift certificates.
That's a new thing we're offering here.
If you call 216-6900.
Now, the hard part for some of you to remember is that 216, that's a Cleveland area code.
Because, you know, by definition, our slack is supported by aliens from other places outside of the city where it's actually broadcasted in.
See?
That's the backwardness of the forward thinking of the subgeniuses.
I is saying that there are strange beings.
There are some place out there on the countryside beaming thoughts into the hearts and minds of little boys and girls across the country.
Can't you see that's wrong for crying out loud?
Dang.
Think of the damage it'll do to our schools.
There are unseen titanic forces acting upon you.
I'm sorry.
I had to be a fair man.
Act back.
Fight back.
Fight.
Be.
Don't just be a tepid, timid, useless, cool listener doing nothing but listen.
Be active.
Be active.
Reach out.
Join us, humans.
And call in your pledge.
Remember, the medium is not only what you're hearing in your ear vessels and your manacles and your dortal fins.
It's also the message you're getting from wonderful gift items.
Like a big lump smack at home style delicious box of delicious, delicious chocolates.
Which you have to eat.
Ah, yes, yes, yes.
I can taste them.
Well, actually, the gift certificates for the chocolates is gone.
But there are others.
But there are so many, so many wonderful things.
I don't think anybody's got that Billy Nair Show CD for the $20 pledge yet.
That's a great CD.
The Paul Krasner CD is still there.
Oh, man.
Negative lands, Big Ten 8 place.
Quite easily, they could snack these not only collector's items, but these illuminatory tomes or volumes,
these reams of spoken word, which bring truth to mankind, which doesn't need truth.
It needs slack.
So give us some slack.
That's it.
And we'll give you some back, Jack, in the form of slack.
That was very poetical, Dave.
It was easier that time.
Time, because it was not a true haiku.
I forgot that, you know, where you, you know, children, a child falls in water, a monkey argues or something.
I think you're confused with the Kama Sutra.
Oh, well, that explains why they've all been having such a sexual time out there at WCSB.
Just thinking about their organs expanding and contracting in time to the wind.
Just thinking of those organevs.
Expanding and contracting and springing.
You know, some of them have little springs in them.
Some of them have huge eyeballs, too.
But if only they would send in a third of them.
Is there a $30 pledge?
You're sure?
There's any amount you want.
Can you talk about imagination?
You get a tote bag and an Arise video.
A subgenius Arise video.
Now, I'm not even going to try to describe what the subgenius DVD is like.
I'm not even going to try.
I ain't even.
I ain't even.
Don't try to make me.
There's a big dead air there.
Come on, man.
I ain't going to do it.
I can't.
That's why.
I can't.
You could even in your right.
I even, I've seen it.
I helped direct it.
I can't even imagine it.
Now, think how badly you need to see something like that.
You'll never forget it.
Once it's in your head, you can't, you can't unsee it.
But you have to see it first.
So how are you going to do that?
They don't, they don't show it on conspiracy TV.
They don't even show it on WCSB because this isn't a TV station.
It's a radio station.
But you can see it if you donate that pledge and then the money following the pledge donation.
And did I mention that there's an open house at four o'clock to eight o'clock Friday, November 20th and November 22nd Saturday, Sunday, Friday, 12 noon to four when Princess Wee and and Lonesome Cowboy Stang will be here.
To meet and greet and eat.
And because there were, and it's only five minutes left in the show, friends.
So you know what that means, Dave?
It means it's time to wrap up the gums and start slathering to a different beat.
But leaving on the note, if there is such a thing in this anti-musical world we live in.
On the note that these people who don't have the darn gum.
To flip up 25 lousy stinking US miserable bucks or even in the form of neuromatics as your more aromatic type like to use lately.
I'm not going to guilt trip him this time.
I might do it on tape, but I'm not.
I'm not going to rub it in.
They've got enough troubles.
Yeah, well, you know, without the guilt.
From.
You.
I remember the lesson.
If only I'd gone back in time and call that number 216.
And the best yes, 6900.
Then it wouldn't have turned out this way.
It still be a park to walk across.
There's still be squirrels instead of those damned.
I could hear whatever those things are.
I can see those furry scrambling pipes.
They're big.
Bigger than we are.
But they're not bigger than this station.
My friends.
Nothing is bigger or grander than this station.
And you have who have pledged and have given are as much a part of this station as these sound effects in the background.
Or this caller named lonesome cowboy Dave.
Or this voice box of mine that's blabbering away without any control of my mind.
Friends.
This has been your chance.
And some of you achieved greatness.
Some of you have yet to grate on our nerves as much as we would like.
But we have faith that that day will come.
Yes, Captain.
I can only hope enough can call after the show.
Even if they've just a limited time.
And there's still always time.
Remember, we're sending out an SOS.
It stands for.
Man.
We're sending out.
SOS.
SOS.
SOS.
SOS.
This church doesn't need sustenance.
But this radio station needs SOS.
Quit while you're ahead.
Praise Dave.
Praise WCSB.
Praise Stang.
And so we now will fade.
And thanks to those who pledged.
And remember, subgenius.com.
For everything you don't owe.
And if you need to know any more about the station, check out WCSB.org.
Yes, WCSB.org.
Heard here in the background.
Good night, Dave.
And bye.
Good.
Gone.
And Eve and I now shall go slowly away.
You picked the wrong planet.
Dr. Drummond and I once talked about, you know, who means the most?
Who means the most to Bob?
Is it the little old lady who can, who, you know, doesn't have anything at all to her name,
but she donates a quarter, her last quarter?
Or does, or is Bob more impressed with the rich man who could give a million dollars,
but only gives 10,000?
We prayed on that, friends.
And we realized that in Bob's eyes, that rich man is the only one that's going to get to heaven
because he paid more money.
So I want you to call.
We got to sell you, friends.
We're not just going to sit here and talk.
We're not just going to sit here and talk.

Bob said we had to party.
Didn't he?
Didn't he?
He said we had to party.
He didn't say we could.
He said we had to.
And so, we must also sell.
Praise Bob and thank you.
Or they're destroyed.
When everybody sells.
We're all selling.
For we all have something to sell.
Yes, everyone selling together, mighty symphony of prosperity.
For we all have something to sell.
Ha, ha, ha
Que tenga la música.
A candy-colored clown they call the考or,
tip does two malon
every night, every
nine οι
situação
song
we teach

your
team,
we
got
it.
night. It's been determined. And this is our fate. We're singing this song. Singing this song so you
can relate. We are going to save the universe. We are going to save the universe. We are going
to save the universe. I've got one hour to convince you how badly we and the station need
your support. We have a special, special form of slack in store tonight. Instead of us giving you
slack for once, you're going to finally give some back to us. For some of you have been doing so
all along. Praise Bob. But for the rest of you, oh, this could be the moment of truth.
The moment at hand.
You have to love Bob. He loves you.
But you love Bob. You have to.
Or else what happens if you don't love Bob?
He'll kill you. He'll Bob you out.
He'll Bob you out, folks.
You heard it here first.
You heard it here first.
Bob you out.
Bob you out, baby.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Well, you know, if you don't pledge, there's going to be more and more and more reverent
stangs.
You're going to have to listen to it forever.
Stangs.
Can you imagine?
Or at least until the money runs out.
Dear friends.
We need that money.
Oh, my gosh.
Let's get us some spirit going here.
Look at those phones light up.
Oh, yes.
We like that old gold, friends.
Shake it off.
Shake it off.
Can you imagine a world without slack?
A world without the hour of slack?
And even almost as bad, a world without this station.
Because if you don't send some money by midnight tonight, you're going to be wishing to go.
To God you had or Bob.
I believe you should have this.
I believe you should have this.
I believe you should have this.
Now you can have.
I believe you should have this.
I believe you should have this.
This amazing new symphony.
The symphony of prosperity.
