Well, I do, I do, I do.
I tried one last year, and that coolness was too much of a change for me.
But maybe I ought to try again, as you suggest.
Clue.
Ah, here I am on my fifth or sixth spud.
Funny, I don't taste the menthol the way I did at the start.
Say, that's a clue worth tracking down.
Smoked spud.
Menthol-cooled cigarettes.
Yes, sir.
The proof is in the second pack.
Well, I don't even notice the first pack anymore.
But it has its points.
Ah, there's one.
Makes the tobacco taste better.
Keeps my mouth cool and clean and full of a long white tube.
Mouth happiness.
That's it, by golly, the Angston Fisher Tobacco Company,
incorporated from Louisville, Kentucky.
I smoke them, I eat them.
Spuds.
Spuds.
Spuds.
Tell St. Peter at the Golden Gate
Tell St. Peter at the Golden Gate
That you hate to make him wait
But you just gotta have another
So genius.
Our own
Spud.
Spud.
And speaking of which,
I'm hearing a clicking and a clacking sound.
I'm not.
Who gives a sh... about you?
That means it's not going on to the tape.
And all I care about is the tape.
I don't care about the listeners.
The audience, screw them.
I...
All I care about is the tape that no one ever listens to.
You've actually physically tried to screw the audience.
For years and years, it's been like one of your main back-of-your-mind-type fantasy dreams
is to literally screw everybody in your audience.
Well, it's to pay them back for all the slack I've vampirized off of them.
Every time they listen, I feel the power.
And they're granting a certain amount of power over their mind to us.
With your dirt on your chest.
Just waiting for the sun to rise.
The sun to go down.
It's better in a... in a... in a night... a bar.
A vampire sucks blood.
When you're up on stage and all those primate eyes are looking at you,
you sap off the energy.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No, no, not just the money.
And the green blood comes out.
It's the soul, man.
Your life essences.
The soul is real.
Your psychic juices.
And a sip of the sweet wine of another soul
is enough to make you puke sometimes.
A sip of the wine.
To suck of the meat of the soul of the believer.
This is the appetite of the religious holy man.
You know, preacher.
Yeah.
This is the rite of the...
And the rock star.
This is the wheel and the mandate of the...
And the politician.
They're all vampires.
They're slack vampires is what they are.
They suck.
They suck.




This here text break we're gonna cook up for you.
It's gonna make every American so damn happy just to...
We're gonna open up the Alaska Williams.
Oh, yeah.
This is gonna make everybody in America so damn happy just to...
They drink our life's blood.
What about the Americans who hardly ever have...
They spread on cheese a nickel waffle-thin pieces of white bread
and pass them out amongst themselves in poet rooms.
You there, do you constantly worry about your finances?
Do you wonder why your job doesn't guarantee the satisfaction of your tireless effort?
Oh, friend, look no further, for what you're missing is slack.
If you feel the need to ask, you'll never know, for slack is not a physical object that
one can possess, but rather a non-materialistic perception of the world.
On the film's screen, you'll find a list of the most important things you can do to make


Studies—your life as a professional computer-装 reboot
You can turn your tech key on to play free music or escape from doing whatever it takes
to feed yourself to

Neat
chit-chat
and
ho invincible
crises

virtual space
Nothing
You're starting
They want to control your mind!
EVERYTHING!
We're going into a subconscious!
The question is, will you become a slave to their games?
Or will you become a slack master?
As the human race loses more slack and becomes more restless and violent,
the world as we know it will plunge into chaos!
That which once seemed logical and sane will be flooded with conspiracy theories
and powerful ideas pushed and pressed by the Buffetmasters Society!
Come travel!
Welcome to your Elvake Vape!
Well, sir ma'am, that was a song from a new contributor.
Let's call him Reverend Trevor B.
Although the song title says, featuring Ramsay on it.
Before that, some old ESO radio from 2001, right after Princess Wee and I got married, in fact.
And the ad for Spud was from the Firesign Theatre, as is this wonderful religious piece
from the recent collection of very old material, Dope Humor of the Seventies.
Do you know, Lord, if you're going where you're going?
Does you know that this is Easter Sunday?
Do you know that the rock and the roll pulls the rug?
The rock and the roll pulls the rock away.
You got the rock and the roll the rock away today,
because it's Easter, children, and what do that mean to us?
What do it mean to us, I say? What do it mean?
What do it mean?
You mean they pull the rock away, they pull the rock away.
What did they find, Reverend Theth?
Thank you, Jesus, they found nothing.
Nothing?
No, they found nothing, brother.
They found nothing. Thank you, Jesus, and I thank you, Jesus.
There was nothing there.
They didn't find nothing.
Nothing to be afraid of.
There was a rock in front and they took the rock away.
Thank you, Jesus, and the rock was not there no more.
Thank you, Jesus, he was gone.
Gone, nobody there.
He was gone.
Where'd he go?
Thank you, Jesus, where did he go?
Oh, thank you, Jesus.
Where did he go?
Oh, that's right, sister, he went to a gas station.
Oh, yeah, thank you, Jesus.
Thank you, Jesus, he went to a gas station.
Give me your watch, darling, darling.
What did he ask for there?
Yes, he asked for a gas station.
Gasolene.
He asked for some gasoline.
Yes, gasoline.

That's right, thank you, Jesus, he asked for some gasoline and some methadrine.
Methadrine.
He said fill up the tank with Methadrine, Jesus.
Methadrine and gasoline, he asked for.
Oh, yes indeed, yes.
Thank you, Jesus.
Thank you, Jesus.
And then he drove away.
Where'd he go?
Where'd he go?
Oh, thank you, Jesus.
He went to Bakersfield.
He went to Bakersfield.
He went to Bakersfield.
People can go to Bakersfield.
Thank you, Rob.
He got all the way, all the way to Bakersfield.
Thank you, Krishna.
Metha, Methadrine, yeah.
Thank you Krishna. He got right there and what did he do when he got there?
He went to the Hacienda Motel
And he parked his car
And he parked his car and he parked and he locked it to discourage
Thieves, thank you Jesus to discourage thieves and he went inside the coffee shop Lord. Yes. Thank you Jesus
Inside the coffee shop and he opened the air-conditioned door and he went inside and he sat down at the table
Oh, thank you Jesus
And he ordered some food Jesus. Oh, we got more food. He ordered himself a hamburger
Yes, Jesus he added himself a hamburger
With onions
And pickles, thank you. Thank you Rama
And he ordered some lettuce and a side of tomatoes and some french fries and a big glass of coke
Praise the Firesign Theatre friends the Church of the subgenius might never have existed without them
Praise the Firesign Theatre friends the Church of the subgenius might never have existed without them
In fact every time I say dear friends, that's a tip of the hat to them
Yes, it's actually from Pastor David Epley a real preacher
The music in the background is the Empire Jazz Orchestra
our buddies
I'm tired today
because we discovered two stray puppies cowering under our cattle guard three nights ago and
Now we're a family of three old subgenius bipeds
40-year-old newt
Three cats and four dogs the puppies seem to be little German shepherds who were probably dumped by poe buckers
The boy's name is Yeti and the girl is Chupi for Chupacabra
They already consider our
Themselves to be our babies, but we spent a lot of time in the last few days either playing with them
cleaning up the puppy poop or comforting the
Terribly insulted cats. So we're tired
Where was I? Oh, yeah. Yeah, we run a religious role. Here's some more Easter stuff from
ESO swamp radio from around Easter 2001
Isn't it terrible? Yeah
You guys realize that today is not?
only Friday the 13th, but
Okay. Now the guys talking Japanese, right?
Were you saying something in Japanese like I don't know this guy
This this guy. Yeah
We're saying that today is both the first Friday the 13th of the new millennium and Good Friday
Any comments on that anyone? Oh, of course, you know, we can come in up to watch
2,000 years ago it happened. Come here break. What happened? What? Come on
Baby, it really really believe it happened. Don't you really get the idea?
Each being crucified every day of the last 2,000 years. I mean every
Friday the 13th every time every night that the humans sit and watch TV all night long
They're like itself crucifix. That's like putting a knife at Mary's heart. It's like Mary's heart
It was a virgin cry every time every night that you make a wish that hit bitters a survivor show
Jesus cries Jesus weeps
Get on up there on Good Friday and get those nails out and hammer and pound at home, baby
I mean, come on do your bit. You're just you're we just watch your
Self up on that cross and how you gonna get the other hand in after you done the first hand, hmm
But boy, do we have a great deal on crosses for you for this?
It's coming Good Friday coming up tomorrow actually today. It's actually today
Well, I really like a lot of this lumber is absolutely porous and will not stain any of your articles or deniments you I'm sorry
Go ahead
praise Chaz and Dave in WCSB
Dave's book neighbor world is still available
Neighborworld by Dave DeLuca and I'm finally getting my shipment a book of the subgenius reprints
But hey, let's get real like we got for director Sandy Boone
Who did the?
marvelous documentary about the church called JR Bob Dobbs in the Church of the subgenius which just became free on
Amazon Prime and it's also on YouTube in a couple of places
Here's a clip from it in which we yes get real
It began in the heart of the Bible Belt in Dallas, Texas, but it's membership is spreading across the nation
Their prophets name is Bob and their followers are legion
everybody in every mass media like Church of the subgenius because it was this crazy thing that they could just
inject into their own stream
In the absence of the internet it was kind of a meme for media people
4,000 of them so far and more every day have already joined up suddenly the joke has become serious at first it was a joke
But there was something much deeper
And more life-affirming and I even realized y'all are out to put down
Outrageous cult groups what does this mean no no this is an outrageous cult group the church was meant to never be mass marketable
We never really wanted to have a lot of followers basically
I was a very lonely weirdo in a small, Massachusetts town finally got a boyfriend who was a member of the church
And he showed me the pants I said this is it they imparted to me the values that
Have got me where I am today
We got this attention a lot of attention and I started to fear that this thing's gonna get
Too big what the hell do you think you're doing?
Dragging your butt through the day selling body and soul to a bunch of bland
Normals there is a simple answer dear friend. I feel like I'm part of something now
Yeah, I feel like I'm finally being represented by something
I'm the next president of the United States of Ireland
Mr. Bob Starr
You were voted by Time magazine as the fraud of the century
You get any flack from folks from mainstream religion not nearly enough there was a little wave of people going
Oh, they're corporate now. They're huge. They're sold out. They're pink now well
Not really. Oh, we got will at just the right time counting checks huge wad of cash
Here we go again like any other prophet Bob preaches about the end of the world only his predictions are true
I guess a little different the men from Planet X will arrive to
Rupture the true believers of Jesus up into the escape vessels of the sex goddesses
Why do you do this? We offer eternal salvation or triple your money back?
Probably your money
Because world gonna end that's what I'm asking you is did you have a prophecy of doom here the world will end for those who?
deserve it all right
Now we're getting somewhere. Yeah, all right. We are so basically here's your deal
For 30 bucks you don't die at the end of the world
Thank You sandy boone for making such an entertaining and accurate movie about Bob's outreach and its drawbacks
Well, I guess there's no escaping office politics
Even if you're the oldest established permanent floating cult game with no office and now puzzling evidence
But then more fire sign specifically the late Peter Bergman solo more ESO more everything more on and on
Now did you say you were on LSD now do you want us to talk you down?
No, I feel like I'm one of us do you like your name?
Well, that's the point. That's right. We're going to do that
We want to create flashbacks and those people that have them, but if you get in a bad trip, we can talk you down
We have a say he's a we have a
Expertise his brother did you put on some elements brother? So tell me if are you tripping now?
LSD
Okay, well
You know the experience of being on this drug yes, can you tell me what that's it like being on LSD?
Yeah, don't know was that shot out of a cannon for six hours being shot out of the skin while listening to the show, right?
Well the show goes right you how long did you do this in fact?
It never had LSD. Yeah couple years. Yeah, the show was
This show is hours for 20 years. So at some point you heard the show
Well, that's what has happened well, he did about 23,000 hits
But sometimes you never come down
Awesome. You one time I went up to the top of Doc's
I got trapped up there. I climbed up to the very very tip-top. I took every kind of drug. No demand
I got so high I was like
Smoking banana peels I was scraping up the the inside of the every kind of weird seed
You know those like those Hawaiian wood rose seeds weird stuff
Finally I was so high at the top of Doc Stock Mountain that I couldn't come down
Hi, I was stuck up there well both I mean the mountain is symbolic for the Marco knows that feeling the man is just a metaphor
Have you ever done?
Porta potty at Grateful Dead concert you mean like snorted really a lot of potty at Burning Man concert
I've injected for the party, but I snorted a ranger
I've had to peel people's minds out of the port-a-potty
I snorted some port-a-potty one time some bad that blue stuff man don't do that. It'll really rips your nose
Boarded body white. It's like little fish hooks. It's like snorting fish hooks
You have to dilute it with something the one that's named for a party
And so you gotta make it up with something. Yeah, you got a
Cut it man. You gotta let it crystallize. I have always used
baby baby
powdered milk
always snorting
lactose
Lactic acid
Shut up or stand up. That's the main thing station. Are we listening to that would be
He'll come to eat baby
So I read every number I know no, but he's not
Yeah, baby
KFC and the fungus shrouded Valley
Don't touch the fungus you'll get so apart
You're getting too high you can't come down
Oh no
Too late
And then you know what as soon as you get so high you can't come down you have to move your tent
I was a new other player
Then you have to get all your stuff
And the tents all up and you're too high you can't do anything in fact you don't even pack your tent
You just you just pick it up off the ground
We gotta go go
Stick it in the truck
You just drag the tent
Some people just drag their tents behind them
Just pick up the tent and throw it in the truck
And one guy is driving your car and he's so high that he can't breathe
You know he's laying out of the side of the truck
Dragging along the ground while the tent is being dragged behind the truck
I never should have bought that tent anywhere you know
Somebody put Bob right under the word stop on all the stop signs
It's all over Arkansas
Well you can get anything everything's possible. I mean assuming that it doesn't violate the law of identity or existence
Blob stop
I want to go to that one
In Amsterdam it's on November but I'm not going to miss it
Why why why
This story is of little importance
But the automatic pencil with which it is being written is
Automatic variety marbled plastic with a plastic copper dividing ring and the initials MC embossed on the bronze cap
Marien Keren purchased it along with his wife and second passport
From a Jew in London who dealt in black market silver and the rearranging of identities
This was 1850 and today in another century the name of Seren outside of diplomatic circles is entirely unknown
That I should with such ease and equal certainty assume the pencil to be his is due first to luck
And second to my growing up under unusual circumstances even for the time
Berlin was busy pulling out the props from beneath her artists by murdering their patrons
And the news from the south was warm and reassuring as usual
When I still in the gymnasium and unaware of anything save my uncle the beer maker Stein
Made the acquaintance of Jakob Blumwald
Who later during the winter in which all the porcelain ovens in our house remained cold
Turned blue and froze to death
Shaving for the first time in front of a wood framed mirror
That his grandmother the wonder healer she had a hot mud cure for cancer that cost her her life in rural Poland that fall
So beautiful too
Gave him the summer before
Long before his death when we met
Jakob would scrawl artistic signs on the windows of the Espan
And tell me secrets that his family and his people had been hiding
One was the secret of identities
Which when I was young and first heard it
Came across to me as an incantation a rough hebraic map of the new world
Now this same secret ironically enough I should be penciling with Seren's own tool
I am enough of a Jew to believe in Jesus
And I am enough of a Jew to believe in names
Although I've stopped believing in them or they
Because it doesn't help and because the secret that was revealed to me
Makes me see everything differently
No what I mean is that everything is different
Only the difference is only in name
In 1739 Rabbi Mordecai Elwin Ossolski addressed a gathering of the remnants of Europe's Orthodox
And a small but attentive representation of the Levant
The Holy Land and a very few to the east of that
Ossolski announced that he was going to be a pastor in the church of the Holy Land of Poland
He announced the arrival of the end of the world
And surprised the gathering by asking them to stay
In what would have been under ordinary circumstances
A time of mourning gathering together
And the setting off of great deeds that cannot be done outside of death
Ossolski outlined a plan for the continuation of the race
He would have said survival but the rabbi refused to consider even the race of the chosen people beyond infinity
He said we'll die
But this is the end of the world
This time along with everybody else
And maybe if because of the great dietary laws
We should live even a little longer
It will be all over especially among friends
Saran Alba, John was surprised to begin with
Wasn't he the best pupil of the Mutabel Halhodim
Whose very life, whose very body had been transmogrified
For the increase of knowledge into a tool, a fine instrument
His veins were glass, his flesh transposed
Evaporated and carved to a thin layer of glass
Thin translusions, the color of cornelian and peach
Through the silvery esophagus the mercury was collected
Flowing from every artery and vein
Under the watchful eye of his disciples
The Mutah knew at the age of fifteen
That his body was a barometer of psychic pressure
That as the weight grew
So must the liquid in his realized body push toward the top
Reaching the level of his pituitary gland at that moment when
The end of the world had arrived
Alba, John had seen that moment come
Thirty-eight years after the Mutah had become his new self
Through purification of heat
Which only the complete intoxication of the scientific method
Allowed him to withstand
It was inevitable
The mercury had been rising at an increasing rate
Since the invention of the pistol in 1689
Little else was needed
The Mutah's pituitary exploded on July 11th, 1756
Killing a young Moroccan girl who had come to gain knowledge
By gazing into the Mutah's eyes
Even before the news of the patient one's death
Had reached outside his native land
The league that assembled before Ossolski knew of it
Had pondered it
Had digested it
The world was over
Only Ossolski's reputation as a man of original ideas
And tremendous personal charms
Had led them to Lebenstadt and the cold Carpathians
Blumwald's eyes lost their social distance
And the world was in a hopeless glaze for just a second
As he reached this part of his tale
And for a second as the Nicolase station reappeared
I thought I recognized something beyond mere racial pride
In his tone of voice
Perhaps Ossolski's charisma was penetrating
Like ancient heat into Yaakov's being
The moment was too brief to tell
But I felt a short blast of steaming Carpathian air
On the back of my neck
As the door opened on Nicolase
Ossolski said
The name of death is name
The name must change
Reversed, upside down
Then let the stranger devil cast his spells
And place oil over the mouths of the newborn
He will cast spells with names that are not what they are
Casting spells into a mirror and cursing himself
Rothman the elder shifted uncomfortably in his seat and died
The wealthiest man in Belgium
Was uninterested in plots and schemes
To perpetuate an existence he felt he had fully tasted
Rothman was already suffering the nausea
In those three days of journey to the meeting
And the color of the trees and the dull thud
Of unrealized wheels drowning clump
And being born again
In the Flemish clay
Brought him the sense of death
And now the sense of being dead
And now the being dead
Stein Pollard to his left
Noticed a strong fixed interest
That remained in the corpse's Rothman's eyes
His eyelashes were curled
Like the cornices of the Brussels trading buildings
Dead, dead he was still collecting gold
And so not dead
He hardly seemed less vital
The other members of the league found him a little harder
No less pleasant and perfectly capable of voting
The rest were sheep
Except La Raza from the city
From Madrid
Ossolski spoke to him
This is no little game of monies
This is greater than the short supplies of food and fuel
And the appropriate and just percentage of despair
That we, but not you, exist by
But this is greater than the numbers
And this is greater than the book
La Raza lived by changing the mundane numbers of the world
A position so subtle
So powerful
That of the few who knew him
Only one had challenged his preeminent position among the self-appointed
And now Ossolski
The other was a king of Russia
Who discovered La Raza through a medium
And fought him in his chariot of stone to a standstill
In and among the narrow white marble canals on the astral plane
He woke to live only three months
The numbers and weights of things changed without explanation
The collective spiritual mind of the Russian people adapted to him
Absorbed it
And thought with a laugh
That that was the way things were in a world of big winters and big summers
The collective economic mind of the Russian race was paralyzed
And confusion turned to panic and the nation collapsed into oblivion
But Ossolski was right
The name is greater than the number
And La Raza gladly gave his tenth vote to the minion
And it was done
What remains is what you see
But by what name?
We are approaching the Steinplatz station
Yakov and I
He frozen in the corner
And I thinking of the end of the world
Call it future and space
Not empty
Name it full
And how you can't turn an egg upside down
And of this pencil
Automatic variety
With no initials on it
And a million letters
Living out of people are dancing
The beautiful people are dancing
The ugly fat people are dancing
The tall skinny ugly ones are dancing
The little fat hairy ones are dancing
The ones dressed as nuns are dancing
The ones with a strap on are dancing
Well
The season's begun
I was out at Brushwood last weekend
Oh I bet it's beautiful out there
Is the ground
When does the ground get carpeted with apples?
I guess that's the end of the
That's the end of the
That's in fall
Man it's so weird
It's like everywhere you step you're crunching apples
And you're eating tiny little wild apples
And it all smells like
They scream really loud
Apples
And you take them home and skin them alive
Well some of those
Apple brown Betty
Some of those apples are little teeny tiny people
They conceal their heads that way
They act
They're actually little small brains
Encapsulated in those pectin laden apples
That are so delicious to it
Chaz takes those apples home
And makes Yankee wanky apple jacks
Sometimes don't you Chaz?
I've never done anything like that
Yes you have
You said you used to squish it between your toes
Like a mammoth kazoon used to do
And you'd jump around and sing songs
It's Friday the 13th
Well it always is
You know what I mean?
Oh no
What a terrible epithet to hurl at someone
It's Friday the 13th man
You're telling them you're gonna have bad luck
If you go down into your basement and Bob's sleeping down there
That means you're gonna have real bad luck
What if Bob was one of us?
What if Bob was concealed in a pecan pie
And as we opened that delightful juicy pecan pie
He became one of us
He had a moonlighting job doing that
Where he would hide inside of a giant pecan pie
Or different kinds of pies
And they'd cart him out at business women's luncheons
And Bob would jump out and strip
Well then if God was one of us
Then Bob would be something entirely different
Bob is a man
He is only a man
And God is...
You could say God is one of us
Because Bob is God
But we are not
But Bob is not one of us
They are not like us
If God was one of me
I'd kill all the white power
You need something to power that mighty anus
The guy actually breathes smoke out of his mouth
I thought he was gonna say some subgenius-like thing
No it was a colonoscopy
A colonoxomy from one of the curious
It was clay underneath the underworld
White power
I know
That's funny
Ship him down to Cincinnati
Let him get a job in the police department
I'm into white power and black power
And all shades in between
I like different colors
I think color is very powerful
I'm into subgenius power as opposed to human power
Subgeniuses can come in any
Are you into pink power though?
Oh yeah sure
I'm into pink
I believe in slavery Chaz
I'll come out and say that
I believe that slavery is cool
Well they are

Well they are of course
You've got it
You hit it on the head
They're already slaves
To the conspiracy
The problem is exactly
They're slaves to the wrong people
To the conspiracy instead of us
If they're gonna be slaves
You know I think they'd enjoy what we put them to work doing
I think you're going to love slavery
If you become a love slave of the church of the subgenius
Well they also have to dig ditches and shit
I think you're going to love your long life
They'll build pyramids in the daytime
I wish I was a love slave
and be love slaves at night
That's what I wanna do
And they'll have to take microscopic bricks
to make these mighty three thousand foot high pyramids
Hey what's up with that racial collar?
You need to say filthy
Sli
Parma calling in
I thought it was
It's just one of the guys who had the medulla oblongata beat out of him
and that happens sometimes
I'm fucking crazy

sometimes they'll strap you so hard.
Isn't that right, Chaz, when you're going to denizen school
with your little tiny baby?
Well, what's really funny is how...
They'll just strap the back of your neck

What's really funny is how people like that
are going to be left behind.
You know, and they won't be around.
They'll be extinct.
Well, some of us already consider them leaving.
They sure won't like it on the escape vessels
of the sex goddesses.
No, no.
There's many different hues of women.
Because what they most fear...
They're going to be kind of freaked out.
What they most fear will come true
as well as what they most desire, you see.
Reverend Ding Dong is going to bend them over a log.
I think it's something like that, right?
Right.
They desire the reach-around,
but they're afraid of what goes with the reach-around.
That guy with the...
They're going to have to take both.
Oh, come on.
We know that's like a homoerotic cover.
Those guys that call in and say that stuff,
you know what they really want.
Just picture them, you know, like...
Well, you notice their girlfriends don't call in.
Right.
Did you ever notice...
You know, it's one of those skinhead rallies.
There's always like 90 fat guys with like breasts like women
and stuff like that and shaved heads
banging into each other,
screaming words that come from Africa.
It's sad when bald, fat, white men
with little teeny, tiny penises...
And large breasts.
...call up.
Don't forget.
And large breasts and tiny, little, teeny penises call up.
Hey, now, some big, fat guys with tiny, little peckers are cool.
Sure, sure.
Hey, man, I mean, you know, we're not prejudiced here
or anywhere else.
No, man.
Our eyes are white.
Our eyes are wide open.
And that's why the tears are running...
You have to whiff each individual before you hate them.
You whiff them and then hate them.
Hey, can I air my actual wound?
Or forgive them or rip them off as...
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, put me on hold
so I can listen to the show, could you?
Okay.
Okay.
Would you like to have your accent wound cleaned,
licked clean, licked clean like a little dog would do it?
Do it?
Because our server's down.
Oh, right.
I wanted to listen to the show by putting them on hold
because our server's down.
You can't hear it on the internet.
So he's actually from a parahoot type...
From that windstorm we had today.
Where's...
He's from Flagelandspilk, New York.
Hey, I want to talk about my car accident.
Okay.
I think he already did.
He explained what happened and how he arrived where he is today.
He's already explained how he got rear-ended.
He's a muttered chimpanzee with a wrap around with a clan-dressed...
Yeah, I just...
I don't know.
I'm trying.
I got the image of a guy with one of those clan uniforms.
I'm giving him the old...
Isn't there more and more dung...
There's just more...
Ape shall not kill ape.
There's more and more dung flinging going on.
The apes are...
Fresh dung.
Dung.
Woo!
That...
You should ask what sort of psychic laxatives are in the air, Chad.
And locking around their arms up and taking the stick
and banging the stick into the ground.
Yeah.
That's the question you must ask, boys.
Some kind of cosmic wave is passing.
What happens...
It's a laxative for these violent apes of some kind.
It's some sort of migratory laxative that...
Like a...
Like a bird invades their consciousness and makes it...
I mean, that's like little kid poo-poo stuff, you know,
when you want to start banging things around, you know, and...
Getting mean.
As my grandpa Dimples on Stinkworth used to say...
Can I get in on the sewing circle?
What?
Sure.
Can I get in on the sewing circle?
Sure, if you're ornery enough and we can pull your eyeballs out.
Why would you want to do that?
Because you have no eyes.
You see with your mind.
You can't look at your own eye.
What you gonna do?
Pull your left eye out, turn around and...
That's what we're gonna do.
What we're gonna do to the pink boys on X-Day.
We're gonna say, look at yourself, man, and we'll pull out the left eye.
Just gently enough.
Without severing the optic nerve so that it can sort of see the other eye.
Take a good look, boy.
Take out the nose drill and place it very, very, very far.
Marijuana by Stephen Knight, grade six.
Marijuana or marijuana the Mexican name...
Shh.
...for a narcotic drug obtained from the leaves of the plant cannabis and generally used in cigarettes.
Introduced from Mexico about 1910, probably at New Orleans or in the southwestern states,
its use has spread at an alarming rate in the United Snakes.
Known by a variety of local terms, reefers, foo, moo-ca, mez, muggles, Mary Warner, the weed,
it is considered by many authorities to be the most potent drug,
and it is considered to be the most potent drug in common use.
In what?
Common use.
What?
Although the effect of marijuana is often unpredictable and may range from
extremulation to profound melancholy, the result is almost invariably accompanied by a loss of restraint and self-control.
With subsequent erratic behavior, hallucinations of sight and hearing are not uncommon.
Here come the guys on the horses.
And delusions of strength may lead to feats of endurance without sense of fatigue.
Hey, boy!
Although the long-run effects of the continued use of the drug are disputed by medical authorities,
it is thought by some that chronic addiction leads to a loss of mental ability, stupor, and indolence.
And that in case of such irreparable damage is done to the brain tissue and insanity may be the result.
Did you see that guy?
That guy that just came to Dr.
Um...
Yeah.
Dr.
Dr. Uh...
Uh...
I remember him.
Dr. Memory.
Dr. Memory!
You got it?
Dr. Memory.
Dr. Memory.
That's it.
That's the guy.
Dr. Memory.
Good, good.
I think we're ready, darling.
Yeah.
Ta-ta-da.
Ta-ta-da.
Ta-ta-da.
And then...
A miracle!
Oh, please, no miracles.
We're a nice guy, Barton.
Drink up.
Thanks...
And now, ladies and gentlemen, it's Showtime!
Prend pisto.
Watch on, watch on, and drink up!
Dr. sew Resūla, voqa avoc symptom there.




crunch jistrung?
Come on.
That's my audio system.
After you get there, most people seek to control life events
in order to secure a more positive, productive, and free existence.
Often, however, the objectives of others conflict with our objectives.
Now, most people, common people, really,
can barely manage to control their own self-centered, myopic existence.
They command armies of lawyers armed with paper weapons,
attacking with spiteful, vengeful, cowardly litigation.
Others operate within elephantine bureaucracies.
We'll all get fired.
Cut to a promo. Start tape.
We ain't no home for the brave
Heartbreak, evidence
I see heartbreak, evidence
Heartbreak, evidence
Heartbreak, evidence
Heart in your heart
Heart in your heart
Heart in your heart

Heart!
Heart!
How dare you editorialize so blatantly?
You have just violated the most sacred canon of journalism.
Millions of Americans were listening to you.
Now what is the idea of screaming at me in the middle of the night?
I was ignoring you.
What's the big emergency?
It started this morning.
Every station's making like it's the 1950s.
We got static, we got snow, all kinds of distortions.
Unexplained disturbance and the hysteria that it's causing are incredible.
How would you describe what you are seeing?
It is clearing the mountains, moving too slowly to be a comet or meteor.
The meteor, widespread panic, has gripped the countryside as...
Thousands have taken to the streets.
It is confirmed.
There it is, the strange atmospheric phenomenon.
It is apparently what we've been causing all the distortions in our broadcast.
So far the phenomenon has not caused any damage.
We have to ask you to try to stay calm and it's important for everyone not to panic.
We have a fix on three of the occurrences about to appear over American City.
All right, fine.
Um, she wants to buy me my own radio station.
And so, as of 10 a.m. tomorrow morning, this will no longer be...

A classical music station.
We're gonna try a talk radio format for a while, see how that works.
Oh, also we're changing the call letters of the station to KRZY.
I can't believe you're the same person I listen to on the radio every day.
I thought you'd be...
I don't know, older.
Not so attractive.
It's weird.
I mean, I listen to your show every night.
And your voice, I know that this is gonna sound strange.
But it's becoming so clear.
So familiar to me.
So comfortable.
I feel like you're a friend, home with me every night.
Keeping me company.
Why don't you come back with me to my place tonight and have some wine?
You can tell me how you come up with all those crazy things you do on the air.
Maybe you can even tuck me into bed.
What are you talking about?
I'm talking about the show.
We gotta become more outrageous.
We gotta tap ourselves, otherwise we'll lose our numbers.
More outrageous? You think that's possible?
200,000 people down there listen to me and you on the radio every night.
We are right on the verge of getting what we wanted.
I'm starting to get offers to syndicate nationwide.
If our numbers keep growing, I'll be taking our show into 50 cities across the country.
We are entering a new age.
Old taboos are falling away.
People...
People are now as afraid to tap into the dark side of themselves.
In fact, they are fascinated by depravity.
I want to do a new segment and call it My Best Crime.
People call us up anonymously and they talk about a crime they committed.
And we're not talking shot lifting here.
Isn't that a little hardcore?
The absolute cutting edge.
Sure, we'll get a lot of crank calls.
But we'll also get a lot of real calls.
There's a whole city of perversion down there.
And we can plug into it.
Use our 55,000 watts of power to spread it to every single corner.
I don't know, man. It sounds way over the edge.
I mean, you gotta admit, it sounds crazy.
It'll be fascinating.
We'll have people glued to the radios.
We'll have them asking, who's gonna call tonight?
What sick confession will I hear this evening?
I bet we get a 25 share our first month.
And from there, you and I are a signature on a contract away from going from team coast to coast.
Makes a great gift. Not available anywhere.
Oh yeah, and I suppose Jones Town was just a plumber party.
We used to stay true to love.
Please don't stop me.
Please don't stop me.
Please don't stop me.
All our best warriors are gone, man.
John Wayne, Sir Lancelot, Joan of Arc, Nelson, Wellington, hell, baby, even Doris Day.
They've all died in battle, man.
Anything like that would put me right over the edge.
I wouldn't joke about anything else that happened here tonight.
Now don't tell me you're taking all this seriously.
Aren't you?
I really love your show. It's all that keeps me going.
I think I better get off now.
Sir, please stay on the line.
I'll go back and get you.
Don't hang up.
Hello?
Who is it?
I'm still busy.
Okay, I'll get it done, but as soon as you're done, go ahead and call on the next отнош 주 Vargas,


Damn it, brain beats makes cases, man.
Well, what do you think of the Jon hanno show?


Yeah, and also, you can help me take just a little nerve to start a new gluttony.
where rumors spread like wildfire
and truth can be bought for pennies
at the corner marketplace in any town USA.
And here they are now, those two lovable old con artists
who will steal your heart away if they can make a profit from it.
Mutt and Smut.
Smut? Smut?
Yes, yes, yes. What is it, Mutt?
Did we get that order of 500 wolf stools in
from the Chinese trader on Cock Bridge?
What was that?
It should be in the back there
under the crate of electric neck warmers from Italy.
Well, listen, it ain't here.
It ain't? Blast it!
Listen, it's on top of the crate of artificial
old English brand abdominal shields.
Oh, well, thank goodness.
You really gave me a bad moment there, Smut.
Why is that?
Well, we're supposed to send them back.
The government claims they're faulty.
That's crazy, Mutt.
The government didn't say no such thing as know-how,
you dumb old coot.
Oh, yeah? Then you just read me.
This here piece of official blue notepaper
the government man dropped off here this morning
while you were still on the subway
coming to the studio.
Your lines are longer than mine these days, you know, Smut.
Well, let me see that ding-dang thing there.
Oh, yes, okay.
Indonesian leg sleeves.
Order number B1239 slash 9.
One gross Japanese wolf stool.
There it is. Order number K67-855
slash slash slash .2.
Has to be returned brown paper wrapper
subversive.
Subversive?
Slow brain.
Cootness is subversive, not faulty.
Same thing, Smut.
Same thing.
We can't sell them or you know what'll happen.
Yeah, yeah, well, okay.
I guess you're right this time.
Listen, I'll go into the back room
and change the name on the crate
and send them down to that Indian school
along with the melted crayon.
I'll get it.
Hello?
Oh.
Howdy, Doody.
It's Doody Fenster probably asking about her daughter again.
Sure, Doody, sure.
I always got time to talk to you.
Smut?
Yeah.
I just don't know what to do about that pretty young thing of mine.
Why, Smut, I swear.
She acting so dang uppity.
Won't do her homework.
Yeah, yeah.
She won't watch the TV.
Yeah.
Won't drive the car on the freeways no more.
No.
Won't argue with Daddy Fenster about the war.
Oh, my.
Refuses to take her diet pills
or sleep out back in the tent we made for her.
Oh, my.
The house is crowded with her boyfriends.
Never been so scandalized.
If I dare call him that, I'm telling you, Smut,
I have every reason to be.
Yeah, all right.
Excuse me, Mr. Doody.
I'm Mutt.
Smut's in the back room.
Oh, well, don't make no difference.
Yeah, okay.
Just hold on a second.
I'll get him.
Smut!
But I said it's okay.
Smut!
What the heck?
The Reno isn't now.
Don't blast it there.
Well, Miss Fenster wants to talk to you, Smut.
Well, bust me.
I ain't got nothing to say to her.
Well, just listen then for cop's sake.
Here.
I'll go in the back and sort out
the hooded velvet angels and portrait balls would come in.
Ought to be a run on them
as soon as that article we planted in the Mixville Rocket comes out.
Hello.
Hello, Doody.
What?
What?
What?
Thank goodness you're back.
Oh, God damn it, Miss Fenster.
You're as soft as a rotten squash.
Now, you know that.
Anyway, Mutt, as I was saying,
Daddy and I have an overreason to believe
that pretty young P-Sides is mentally demanged.
Demanged?
What'd you say?
I said, did you say demanged?
I'm sorry.
I meant to say deranged.
Oh, my God.
What'd you say?
Listen to me here, Miss Fenster.
Call me Miss Doody, Mutt.
Daddy old...
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's a good idea, Miss Doody.
I'll call you.
I'll call you, okay?
Okay, bye now.
Bye.
Oh, my glory.
Mutt?
What?
I think you better stop seeing Doody's daughter.
I can't stand to talk to that woman no more.
I just can't do it.
Howdy, Mutt.
I come to get that mail order for Miss Goldbrick
up at the old Mellon Park Mansion.
I got a copy of the list right here.
Well, let me see that now.
I can't make this out at all.
It's all smudged.
Oh, yeah?
Well, uh, that on...
That on...
Excuse me.
I tried to learn...
Speak English, Mutt.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Well, uh, that on account of the burnt cork
all over my hand here.
I...
Here.
I read it for you.
Okay.
Now, just a minute there, Tarface.
I'll get Mutt out here to help.
Hey, Mutt?
Mutt?
Mutt?

Tarface Pork out here at the other toilet roll
for Miss Goldbrick's estate.
Okay, okay.
I'll get the ladder.
What is it?
Okay, just a second.
Yeah?
I'm gonna get my wife porcelain
to help me cast on this stuff.
Okay.
Okay.
Now, for her,
by turning off the microphone.
Honey?
What is it you want, ball of fire?
I...
Come on in.
Now, Miss Porcelain.
Oh, come on.
Well, I'll read you...
I'll read you some of this stuff, uh, Mr. Mutt.
Yeah, what do you want?
You got any clown flashlights?
Well, I'll look.
Any artificial breath owls?
Hold on.
You got any adjustable toe regulators?
Austrian scrubbers?
Edwardian change poises?
Just a second.
Nipple softens?
Yeah.
Crest shields for bent toes?
Yeah, or do you have any of them imported snowboard boxes?
Oh, wait a minute.
Swedish tree skirts?
Professional shoe stretchers?
Oh.
Flower stickies?
Gil-Hooley openers?
Germ-proof corn planes?
Or bunion joint cushions?
Joint holders?
Yeah, that stuff.
Oh, well, she want three of them portable
black sheds and lead shower curtains.
Wait a minute.
Some adjustable jester rings.
Yeah, that's the kind with a little diamond on it.
Yeah, I got these.
Some roll-over musical kittens,
a thymal throw robe, and a little sponge mitt.
Yeah, and while you're up,
some alphabet plates, an inflatable clown chair,
two pair of tiger socks, a folding lunch box,
how about an elbow and heel healer?
Maybe some of them Swedish pornographic angel times.
And a gross of Rosenthal fancy brand Christmas plates.
A hand vise, a jewel-tone hobnail vase,
a tricolator flame cammer,
a pampered painted Italian lug nut rack,
electric heat mask, screw starters,
glazed chintz glass-lined silver trivets,
and a chrome-style fish master.
Oh.
And a pack of cigarettes.
Oh.
What kind?
Boy, seems like Ms. Goldbrick's planning another party, eh,
Smut?
Yeah, she's going to have a lawn picnic and lynching soon.
That a luncheon, honeyface, not lynching.
Oh, that's what you think, dummy.
Ah!
Say, say, then, perhaps your mistress
could use 500 fancy government-improved wolf stools.
Hey, what my mistress got to do with this?
Oh, you big-nosed face.
He talking about Ms. Goldbrick.
I knows.
I knows.
Well, Lester, that's a real swell idea.
I sound a little like Smiley Burnett, don't I?
And I think she wouldn't notice.
That is, if and, well, uh.
Yeah, what is it, tarface?
Well, that is, if you could also include in the order there.
Well, what?
What for court's pity?
What?
Well, you gentlemen come over here.
Now, look, in the window there, you got all right,
pretty 25-millimeter Porta Silent Bang Bang Bedroom
fancy brand pistol and matching glove set for the Playroom.
And if you could add a few thousand round of ammunition,
well.
Well, you know, tarface, I got to hand it to you.
Here you go.
Thank you, gentlemen.
Yeah, yeah.
You know how to make a deal, don't you?
Yes!
Yuck, yuck.
He watch a lot of old television.
Yeah!
Yes!

Yes!
Yes!
So long, now.
Just carry your stuff on out, and we'll see you next week
at the picnic.
Oh, and by the way, you're going by the Mindless
Fellowship Parkway, ain't you?
Anything you say, boys!
Well, could you do me a little favor and drop Miss Fenster's
lovely little daughter off at the Tallahassee Bridge?
Why, sure!
Thanks kindly, neighbor.
Missy!
Right on!
Goodbye!
Goodbye.
Goodbye, dear friends.
On Blueberry Hill, when I found you.
Friends, you're listening to the Hour of Slack episode
1,816, which was a great day.
It was composed mostly of carefully plucked and washed
clips from older subgenius shows, ESO from WCSB Cleveland,
and puzzling evidence from KPFA Berkeley,
plus the Firesign Theater from the newly released old album
Dope Humor of the 70s.
I'll be preaching next week on Valentine's Day weekend
at the virtual Winter Star Ball on Zoom.
See starwoodfestival.com for details and the online Ask
Dr. How is the second Sunday of each month.
And there's a weekly subgenius Zoom chat called the Diaspora.
Subgenius.com has all the details, often right on the front
page.
For logs of this show, archived older episodes, videos,
subgenius books like the new sci-fi novel Eyelash,
face masks, shirts, pins, soaps, other shows, dangles, bangles,
bling, and sling blades, see subgenius.com.
And don't forget to subscribe to the channel.

And praise Bob.
Oh, this week's hour of slack features a great version of Greasy Grimy
Gopher Guts, that beloved old song.
So everyone tune in, 9 o'clock, Sunday.
Greasy grimy gopher guts on third avenue, on 14th street.
I'm all about the gopher guts.



It's time to say goodbye.
I don't feel like little children ought to be exposed to that kind of thing.
First you take the train to respond.
Now, my love, you're in trouble.



All the water today is like a lake.
Canarsie Beach is filled with all the happy people.
On a sunny day where there's no haze, you can look all the way down the beach to Coney Island.
And you can still hear the fat lady singing.
Singing so, so far away.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Did you boys get your new ESO's Hour of Slack list?
Best of CD or latest CD release?
You missed the release party.
Yeah, I did.
Then I hadn't.
About all I did was put a little ad on the website.
But it's the greatest subgenius CD ever.
ESO's subgenius best of number one.
May 12th, Saturday night at the Euclid Tavern.
Reverend Ivan Stan, Lonesome Cowboy Dave, Einstein Secret Orchestra.
Who else?
Saint Anne and Helena Handbasket will take us all to hell and back, friends.
If you can make it down there, well, you really shouldn't though.
It's not for humans or people.
It's just for subgenius.
Can you live through this experience?
Do you dare to try to live through this experience?
Enjoy a virtual night out with the Church of the Subgenius.
If you can survive, if you can stay alive.
But now, it's time to get high.
Come on, let's get high.
Hey look, there's pretzels in the pedenda.
Good night, ladies.
Gorgomol.
Good night.
Buenas noches.
I'm missing my other half.
Come on now, everybody get up.
I'm missing my other half.
I can't get up right now.
I don't need this.
The bolts from the...
The back of my neck.
It's a lonely Saturday night.
There goes the machinery for the bottom of my golf cart.
It calls me on the telephone.
Everything else is gone too.
I put another record on my stereo.
But I'm still singing a song of you.
It's a lonely Saturday night.
Now if I...
If I was an actor or a dancer who is glamorous,
I would know how to fly.
I would soon be my own man.
I would soon be my own man.
But now the tinsel light has started.
I'll change your face when you're up and standing by.
My heart breaks.
My heart breaks.
At eleven o'clock I watch the network news.
Oh, whoa, whoa.
Something tells me that you're really gone.
Something tells me that you're really gone.
You said we could be friends, but that's not what I wanted.
Oh yeah, I thought we had a long time, man.
We'd all have had it anyway.
My TV din is almost gone.
It's a lonely Saturday night.
I need to tell you it's a lonely Saturday night.
One more once it's a lonely Saturday night.
I can hear the birds in the back of my house.
See you next week, kids.
May 12th, Saturday night.
Leave me a comment.
