Oh, that was a laid-back show.
Oh, it's not laid-back anymore!
Look out!
Whoa!
You are about to participate in a great adventure.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery
which reaches from the inner mind to...
The Soap Genius Hour of Sight.
Welcome potential initiates,
and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Welcome to the Soap Genius Radio Ministry Hour of Sight,
sponsored by the Church of the Soap Genius.
The Soap Genius Hour of Sight,
that gives you the opportunity to experience
what you are about to listen to,
is specially designed only to be played on radio station...
K-N-O-N.
And only in the city of...
Dallas, Texas.
K-N-O-N.
Welcome, dear friends,
Welcome, dear friends,
to the Soap Genius Hour of Sight.
Back up to the grassy knoll again,
and started hitting back down.
I left that group of wacky Zenos in the gazebo
and the Sodbusters Museum
and that wing-ding nut flanger on the accordion.
Well, I just didn't know what to think, you know.
Coming up here, hanging around with the grass and the trees,
it's just natural,
but these people were talking different,
and I don't know.
I'm just interested in sitting around
and picking my nose and spitting and stuff like that,
and, well, it just made me think an awful lot.
Golly, my head got big,
and, well, I never knew I had so many ideas.
I began to think about writing them down
or taking some pictures
or getting a tape recorder or something in them things,
but, well, I know I didn't want to mess with them.
I just wanted to be natural, you know,
sitting out here with the old rocks
and watching the clouds roll by.
But that, that old stranger with the accordion,
why, he made me feel a little different.
I...
I kind of...

I kind of got excited,
and, well, I liked it a little bit.
It never happened like that before.
Suddenly, I began to reflect on my whole life,
why it was like a rock or...
or a polka.
No, my life wasn't like a polka,
but here it was again,
and, God Almighty,
hiya, mister!
How are you, old fella?
How are you, old fella?
How are you, old fella?
How are you, old fella?
How are you, old fella?
How are you, old fella?

Uh, the only cult they want to talk about
is the subgenius foundation,
the church of the subgenius.
Yeah, Doug Smith says we're different.
Doug's right, Virgil.
We are different, thanks to Jesus,
the genetic engineering corporation of American states.
Mommy, too?
Yep, the whole family.
Is everybody like us?
No sun.
But we're working on it.
Round the clock!
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
It moved up, took off at fantastic speed at the at least 45 degrees angle and
they just disappeared between the stars. During the debriefing which we always
said after each combat mission, the officer who was receiving this made a
joke of it how many beer I had. How many beer he had, dear friends.
Ah, yes. Quiet down you little creatures of the night. Got a show to do. Oh, dear friends,
this is Reverend Ivan Stang. You're listening to the subgenius radio ministry
Hour of Slack on KNON 90.9 in Dallas, Texas.
Ah, hey, Zayfie.
Hey, Fod. Our theory about Reverend Ann Leonard was just shot to hell the other night.
Friends, I feel sorry for those of you who couldn't make it to the subgenius meeting
and for the people who didn't dare to come and see the reflection of themselves.
But it was very interesting the way that turned out. You know, we announced last week that there
was going to be a meeting for people who wanted to volunteer for the subgenius.
It sounded like there was going to be so many volunteers at the subgenius meeting.
Our goal for the subgenius meeting is to get about 30 people to volunteer to help with Knon
and the church of the subgenus, specifically. And we got like 30 people called, Reverend
Cecilia, and asked directions and said they were going to come and so forth. But only
half showed up. And the mighty Reverend Cecilia, who now, dear friends, is Popess, the pope
or popestress of Dallas, Popess Cecilia bowed down to her, ye unworthy unclean ones. For,
for she is the new Pope.

















is truly worthy. She allowed us to have this meeting at her house, a meeting of subgeniuses
who had never, in many cases, had never laid eyes on another admitted, quote, subgenius,
unquote, before in their lives. But it turned out quite interesting. There was no real bobbies.
It was real nice. It was all folks that I think could give us a real hand, and I haven't
managed to sit down and plot it all out on the big computer yet. But, oh yes, we'll have
places for you all in Dobbs Town, dear friends. Don't worry about that. All of ye chosen who
showed up. It was just, the meeting was just what you'd expect. It was at a seedy S&M bar
in Oak Cliff full of demon worshippers. And, see, you missed out on it. Missed out on it.
Oh, and there was one young subgenius there who gave me a wonderful Christmas present,
a sign, professionally made sign.
It said, Bulldada Time Control Laboratories is subsidiary of the Church of the Subgenius,
the Subgenius Foundation, Incorporated. And that was wonderful. But, you know, when I
put that sign up, they'll know where the subgenius castle is on Swiss Avenue. That guy, now,
see, that guy, he was obviously CIA. You can't fool Reverend Stang. That was CIA. But he
was also a subgenius, so it's okay if the CIA knows where we are. But there's many of
you out there who are going to be able to see that. And, you know, I'm going to have
a bunch of new friends, who, who are thinking, what's he doing in the jungle? I thought this
was a church. And on top of that, how come, how come he's talking about this church of
the subgenius? What is that? They say, what are you? What are you? They chant, wanting
to know just what it is we're talking about. And every 10 or 12 shows, I play this lovely
tape.
Two and one.
Now to continue with the tape recording.
Superior mutants, repent!
Quit your job!
Slack off!
The world ends tomorrow and you may die!
Well, no, probably not, but whatever you do, just keep listening.
Are we controlled by secret forces?
Do you ever get the feeling that free will is a joke?
Do people think you're strange?
Do you?
Then you may be on the right track.
Are you abnormal?
Then you are probably better than most people.
Yes, your kind shall triumph.
Now, at last, the step-by-step process is revealed.
This is it, the only faith that promises
absolute freedom.
Thrill, success in sex and business.
Having all the guilt, but none of the sex.
Having intercourse with a beautiful live girl,
or damn near anything else.
But you tried everything.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
Learn to think big.
Develop the tricks of length extension.
Bring your weirdest dreams to life.
Stand up and start rampaging life.
Stand direct for your own abnormality.
Bob is a way of life to millions.
Yet half of them don't even know.
He's the one true living Slack master
with the spiritual know-how to help you
bash through the locked doorway to financial heaven.
He is the one real shortcut to Slack.
Slack Master.
Now.
Now, see another dimension on your TV.
Yes, fear the stark fist of removal no longer.
Become physically attractive overnight.
Attain status, luck, prosperity by blowing them off.
Bob's promise is to widen the scope and nature
of abnormal behavior to explore new ways
of going over the edge.
And coming right back.
And to bring back those who couldn't make it on their own.
To help you create the highest possible earnings
from the psychodynamics of abnormality.
To turn conspiracy implanted personality disorders around.
And channel them into an illusion of creativity
that will fool normals and get you sex.
I don't believe you, J-Hart.
Well?
I did benefit from it, of course.
But so did a whole bunch of old Dallas boys.
In other words, you want to know,
you want the government to know that you're in
to make money and to pay taxes.
Well, we're already treading a pretty thin line, Bill.
And I'm sure there's plenty of other things
they'd love to get us for.
Just be, you know, well, I don't know whether we want to talk
about the conspiracy on the air, but...
Oh yeah, go right ahead.
This is the conspiracy, the one, the conspiracy behind it.
The conspiracy.
Ah, the conspiracy to end all conspiracies, maybe.
Well, part of the church's goal is to wake people up to the fact
that our lives are being controlled by forces
that most people are completely ignorant of.
Well, okay, this light, as we were looking at it,
both of us watching the light, and with that, anything,
just in, you know, in a split second, it was suddenly,
it's two stories, I'd say, the diameter, or range,
the height of this room.
Wow. You mean it was like a little bobbing?
Well, it wasn't bobbing as steady as this table,
if it were carried on a caterpillar, it was that steady.
And walking speed.
And with that, the speed never changed.
It just suddenly got that...
It just suddenly was huge.
Yeah.
It gets really complex when you get into conspiracies,
and we believe...
We're still there.
Because of the experience that they were going through.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Have you two not gotten enough slack on the ropes of life?
This is Dr. Philodrumon speaking to you from on the road,
way out there.
Somewhere where you nor your friends can even perceive.
Ha ha!
Yes, dear friends.
We're out here, you're out there,
and we're thinking about you out there.
And about all the wonderful things that can be found
when you find Bob.
I'm talking to you tonight about the Holy God,
the one and only Bob,
the church of the sub-genius.
Praise Bob! Praise Bob!
Can I get a witness?
Praise Bob!
Can I get an amen?
Thank you, children, thank you!
Some of you may not be familiar with the church of the sub-genius.
Some of you may not know the origins of the church of the sub-genius.
Some of you may not know the pèreetre, the divine!
The purpose of the church is to have what?
Slack!
Can I hear that again?
I need more slack!
Can I get some slack?
Can I get some slack?
World Without Slack
Chapter 3
By Lies
The fighting Jesus looked out over the bridge of the Exist battle saucer,
Blood of Christ.
He looked and laughed.
He laughed and looked.
He looked and looked.
He laughed and laughed.
He was finally going to have his revenge on the natives of Dust Moat 89 AB.
Aboard Jesus' flagship, dozens of killer theologians, the shock priests,
were busy at their weapons terminals.
On the power decks, the proper orgone cycles were being timed by mass fornications
between the ritual crew.
And the cancer beings from Theta Z.
An invasion-ready state existed in the ship and the 900 others floating over the doomed planet, Earth.
Jesus was in a psychopathically elated state.
His face resembled many of the perverse icons the humanoids of the Dust Moat painted of him.
They prayed to these for the salvation of their souls.
As if they had any souls to save.
As if anyone would want to save them, which they didn't.
A whole disgusting religion now centered around his murder.
They had to gall to nail him up like a common criminal and then paint pictures of him enjoying it.
And they thought he loved them for it, that he was forgiving.
Oh, the anticipation.
He was sick to his stomach with glee.
He would show them the true face of pain and sin.
It had taken him 2,000 long years to return here.
And now he would pay them back for the scars he still carried in his hands.
Sweet stigmata.
Even the slightest thought of the scars made them glow red through his fists.
Through the boxing gloves.
The hold of the spacecraft was manned with angels of light personally lent by Jehovah One.
They supervised the demon teams operating on all tangible destruction spectrums.
All in attack mode.
Nagas, Orzuma, Shiva, Horus, Aeons.
The dark bodies.
And at time and a half, too.
It was expensive to ravage a planet.
No matter.
The host of judgment.
That which comes had finally arrived.
And on Jesus' birthday.
What do you think, Dad?
His second in command, Jim Jones, stood by with the final attack coordinate, Kodos.
A holographic map of Earth rotated slowly next to Jones in midair.
On its surface, grids of the natives' planetary defenses were lit up in green.
Ones, some depicting their pathetic communication structures in violet.
All in scale.
Quite pretty, actually.
A colorful net surrounded the sphere.
It would soon enough be dark.
These children wait for us below, Jesus.
We will walk among them and we will smile.
At your moment of choice, of course.
Jesus studied Jones' puffy, tired face in the pink glow of the neuron banks that ran around the walls of the mighty dreadnought and shuddered.
He was no stranger to resurrection of the undead, but whoever had brought Jones around again had slipped up.
Something was missing.
Something else was added.
Something.
Jones had been forced on him by the Djinn bankers.
Who had financed this angelic war fleet.
Damn them.
He never forgot the price they had demanded for this mercenary raiding fleet.
Jones' constant reminders of their influence and expectations irritated Jesus no end.
Not to mention the annoying habit Jones had copied from Dobbs.
The twisted creature insisted on smoking a pipe, even here near the sensitive nerve relays.
Jones might have been left dead a little too long.
Moved.
Moved with a constant jerk and always poked at his throat.
He never removed his sunglasses and he still took massive injections of methamphetamines even though they no longer had any effect on his regenerated shell.
You know Jimbo, said Jesus.
The best part is that they think there's an afterlife.
That's why they strung me up the first time.
They think like bugs down there.
I'm well aware of that, Commander.
It bothered Jones to be back on Earth so soon.
After his failure with the social programming research post he had been running there.
It wasn't really his fault.
The administration change at Central merely cut off the funding for it.
He was forced to abort the experiment.
And put him in a...
...
There is a great deal of speculation about what is going to happen next.
The tape is ready now.
The lights have gone down just slightly.
Theıp
Outside the realm of conspiracy science and in the clear light of the so-called forbidden sciences,
we will find we have a far greater chance of understanding the true nature of the universe.
What the conspiracy feeds us under the guise of the most advanced system of natural philosophy
is nothing but a complex sham, a decoy to hide from us the true fact of how much bigger and more complex
and nut-wrenchingly frightening a place the universe really is.
We are told about matter and energy and space and time as being either consistent realities governed by laws
or as foggy abstracts that have no particular being outside of that of being convenient linguistic aids
to make the whole thing easier to swallow.
We at the Temporal Management Research Facility of the Church of Mr. Science of the Subgenius
have through rigorous probing through mountains of existing and full-known works on the subject of time
and its methods of function,
and through much control,
have discovered the key for blowing the whistle on the whole fraudulent twaddle that is modern science.
This key is the Mutron.
The truth must now be told.
How it was covered up for so long would make a story intriguing enough for a separate book,
but it's too involved to be told here.
The actual issue at hand is the Mutron and its pivotal role in the management of the true cosmos.
In order to properly understand the following,
it must first be made clear what actually is the Mutron,
and what actually constitutes an elementary particle.
The first of these basic particles is the electron,
which has no mass but possesses a charge that is commonly described as possibly infinite,
thus making it the fundamental unit of energy.
It and other related particles, i.e. positrons, photons, gravitons, etc.,
acting in concert make up the Iacotismic field,
which is responsible for holding everything that is anything together.
The second is the much rarer infinite mass particle,
commonly called a black hole.
These particles, like the electrons, occupy no space,
but the influence of a single particle can be felt at a much greater distance.
They often have event horizons many miles wide,
beyond which not even light can escape.
The third fundamental particle is the Mutron.
The Mutron carries with it an infinite temporal capacity
that makes it alter the rate and intensity and general quality
of the passage through time,
of anything it touches.
The Mutron is very likely the rarest particle in this universe.
As far as we know, there might well be only one of them,
though there could be as many as a few dozen
without generating a dangerous concentration of Mutron phenomena.
The first segment of this report will deal with the general implications of the Mutron
in regards to existing ideas on the workings of the universe.
The second will concern the incredible potentialities
of using the potent forces of the Mutron in time control research.
and in practical time control.
Section A
Just how fucking big everything really is.
What we know as the universe can be envisioned as a giant atom
with the black hole acting as the nucleus
and the Mutron or Mutrons acting as the electron cloud,
with the electrons providing the energy for the Mutron to drive us forward through time.
Just about everything else in the universe is just so much debris,
cluttering up the works of things.
The fact that there is one such atom more than suggests the existence of others.
The Mutron has a corresponding antiparticle known as the tachyon,
which travels through time in a direction which we perceive as backwards,
so that to someone who is not in the know it will appear to exceed the speed of light.
The simple fact of the matter is that tachyons are extra universal mutrons
impinging on our universe at a different temporal angle.
These are the Mutrons of atom universes that ours is in compound with.
After this the atomic metaphor breaks down.
I'm gonna...
No atom...
A six million year cycle will end in 1998.
Dobbs sees the world entering a new aeon.
Which?
In a few years will bring more wondrous and miraculous change
and carnage, insanity and destruction than all of mankind's history and prehistory before it.
Bob brings a new destiny for America.
A time of cataclysmic economic change that will offer untold riches and power
to those in the know while billions of deserving conspiracy dupes
fry in hell on earth.
Uncontrolled thinking, controlled by Bob,
will usher in a spiritual rebirth and a cascade of astounding mysteries,
supernatural riches and a restoration of lost psychic abilities
that will totally transform the lives of those who dare to seek them and pay for them.
That's right, you're lucky to live in the end time.
Here's my money Bob!
Wise up!
That's right dear friends, wise up.
And uh, I must apologize there for the choice of language used at one point
by uh, the Dr. Ahmed Fishmonger there with the church of Mr. Science.
I'm sorry, he cut in
on our normal broadcasting spectrum wavelength here and uh, inserted that into our show
that it was not an official part of the Subgenius show.
You did not hear uh, that.
Uh, it does not exist uh, technically as part of the tapes that I chose to play.
Um, I just want you to know that dear friends, that's uh, that's pretty important around here.
And uh, I'll probably get in...
loads of...
serious trouble.
Uh...
What a...
Whoa!
Thanks to Saint Byron Werner for that incredible piece of music.
Yeah, and thanks to Reverend Bleepo Abernathy for recording the uh, the barrage that we were hearing for a...
a lot of the stuff that we've heard tonight actually.
Yeah!
Uh, I'll get you!
The different are being silenced by a global conspiracy.
Weird men arise!
Find out who they are and how to smash them!
You probably already knew that the US government is a sham.
Something popped up there for you to blame.
But did you know that the real powers that be are not even people?
That they are actually shambling?
Unbelievable, unmentionable, unthinkable...
Sings?
Yes!
Jehovah is an alien and still threatens this planet!
Defy the sinister star forces which mock us all.
Evil demons have kept the truth from humanity for thousands of years.
God has been misquoted all this time!
His actual words may disturb you, but Bob Dobbs is a bulwark against the...
unbearable fear and anxiety tormenting mankind.
Smell proud with Bob.
I don't know who he's with or what the deal is.
But I know that if I stay close to Bob...
I'll be safe in those Gleaguers in Arkansas.
I know those creatures can't get a hold of me if I just...
hang around the foundation and do what they say.
And, you know, clean up after them a little bit.
I don't mind doing that kind of work if it's for a good cause.
I know that Bob...
I know that Bob is a good cause.
Bob took me inside his heart.
And I accepted him into my life.
And I'm here to testify, friends...
what that man has done for me.
If you can really call him a man.
Many people say he's almost like a god.
I don't think so.
Of course, I don't know Bob, but...
I do know Bob in certain ways.
And I think you understand what I'm talking about.
Yes, Bob...
He filled me with a sort of a spirit I never knew I had.
I knew it wasn't coming from him.
It was coming from inside me.
Bob was giving it to me.
He was laying hands on me from afar.
He might have been up in that great big jet plane...
or he might have been down on Skid Row...
giving some bum a haircut.
But all I know is...
it was Bob.
It was Bob.
Bob.
Yeah, he's smiling.
You never see Bob frown.
You know that behind that amazing smile...
there lies a mind like a steel trap.
And sure, he makes mistakes like...
what he did with those young women that time.
But I think the newspapers exaggerated that.
Bob.
Yeah, he's smiling.
You never see Bob frown.
You know that behind that amazing smile...
there lies a mind like a steel trap.
And sure, he makes mistakes like...
what he did with those young women that time.
But I think the newspapers exaggerated that.
I know that Bob will do all of us fine in the long run.
In fact, I think I know that we really need Bob in our lives.
And I know that Bob will do all of us fine in the long run.

And I know that we really need Bob in our lives.
In our lives.
In 1981.
And in 1984.
Hi little brother.
And in 1991.
And in 1995.
When they bring...
the conspiracy to its heels.
And in...
that wondrous year...
that we know is gonna come...
all too soon upon us.
And we'll leave our earthly things behind
and we'll go and join the exes
from God only knows what strange planet
they come from,
if they really even come from a planet at all,
not some energy star
beaming away in the darkness
lighting our lives with the technology
and the spirituality
and the mentality of planet X
planet X coming down
to take care of us subgeniuses
and see that there's a place for us in the world
and give us our rightful seat
at the right hand of Bob
or the left hand of Bob
depending on whether we're rewardians
or mediocrities
but I don't want to get lost in the dogma
I want to tell you something
that blesses my heart
and it's Bob
Bob
Bob
Yeah, I can hear him
I can hear him talking off there
in the distance saying
come to me Tommy
come to me
and lay down your material things
because you know they aren't going to mean much to you
after that divine year
and after I lay my hand on you
and lead you up the steps of that magnificent craft
and we'll board it
and go to the stars
that's right Tommy
we'll go to the stars
you and me
that's what Bob said
Bob said that
to me
Tommy
tighten these cranial sutures down
I don't think we can
see the patient suffered from a
subdural hematoma
which had suffused the
dura and pia matter of the brain
you see now this is in a dark
dark state of mind
and this discolored elongate mass
which uh
uh oh
had crumpling
send those body parts in from Oklahoma soon
running out of fingers
yes well we tried to mail them
but the mail was disgruntled that day
grunt
one
yes uh
it's strange
this is what the Indians can do to a guy
the Indians did this to puzzling evidence
because he violated their sacred burial space
it was thus
reawakened to the
you know it's terrible what they do when they
look at this this
this is the body of someone who's been out in the hot sun and
well from these uh
from this evidence you can imagine what's been done
it's certainly not a pretty sight now
now we're gonna open
here we go
well let's
household
yes all right and look at the surface
splattered me in the face there
ah what a joker
no harm done
now we're going to uh
break the vinyl rib at the at the top
ah geez
ah he seemed to be
he registered that a little bit maybe he felt it
uh nurse can we have the uh
can we ask someone please
try to help us restore the breathing of this patient
suction please
ah thank you
now uh
all right now
let's remove the the book
notice that this passage appears to be blocked with some sort of mucilaginous roughage
we call it the roughage of knowledge here on the show
now notice
oh that sucking chest wound
oh
oh the pnumos
this is a repugnant sight but
one which those versed in medical knowledge are often familiar with
now i'm going to peel back the thin fatty layer beneath the adipose tissue
which connects to the adipose tissue

the mesentery
oh you're going too far
supporting these organs
ah notice what is revealed before us
you have a alien in a
yeah get that little alien out of there
can't see what i'm doing
look it's just an infant
baby go away
stinky monster
look what he did inside wellman's thorax
well let's uh penetrate a little further
uh operations over i'm sorry next patient please
hold it hold it hold it we got to get this guy back together
can and can't do
now let's uh go through the diaphragm here which is no longer a spongy tissue but rather a hard uh and rigid surface after the inception of rigor mortis
there we are
jelly on his diaphragm
this is uh spermacidal ham jelly here
it coats the exterior
activity to the suggestible
effective
uh
oh watch out for those loose connections boy that can kill you
into the
now what we need to do is uh saw through the um
the
uh
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
don't get us over to hell
you clumsy fool you could have killed me
this is no joke this is a serious scientific experiment
friends
friends
our
it's right this is no joke
although we we had a
listen to the swinging love corpses there in the background friends
wow
this is a new swing and love corpses album this is a song called the final squirt
that's uh ray hay on lead
lead, Dr. Philo Drummond on bass, Sphinx Drummond on the keyboard, and I believe, I can't remember,
they trade out drummers, they have mechanical drummers half the time, oh dear friends, we had
a caller who said, Reverend Stang, I've listened to this show twice now, it's a real nice lady,
she goes, but now are you all involved in devil worship, I said, no ma'am, no ma'am, we have a
special relationship with those devils, but it ain't worship, nay nay, we lure the sinners away
from the devils, don't you see, that's what we're doing, is we're, we take, this stuff appeals to
sinners, because Bob, Bob doesn't care about the sinning part, he sends them on to more adept
personal saviors than him, it's like I told her, I said, if she could just see Bob's face, she'd
understand everything, it would all become clear, and you can see Bob's face, you can see Bob's face,
if you write to Bob, and ask for a picture of Bob's face, just say, send me Bob's face,
at P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214, but we go, we deal with the, with the, the, you know,
the sinners, we went down to the drunk tank, dear friends, we were gonna preach to the alcoholics,
and the homosexuals, now old Bob, he doesn't want them to quit drinking and fornicating, no, no,
they know what's best for them, they know what's best for them, they know what's best for them,
they're men, but, but they say, they all say, Bob, Bob, you're a, a great man, you're, you're a rich
man, how can you understand my problems, I'm only a wayward sinner, but old Bob Dodds, friends,
Bob's been in every jail cell, he knows the prisoner, he's walked in the shoes of the
alcoholic, dear friend, he's walked in the shoes of the fornicator, he's walked in the shoes of the
common thief, and most important, friends, he's walked in the shoes of the shoe salesman,
he's been on the phone, he's been on the phone, he's been on the phone, he's been on the phone,
He's been through all them drugs, friend.
Oh, he's a sinner and he's a saint because he's Bob!
Oh, yes, I can feel the spirit of Bob moving in Dallas tonight
all across those radio waves.
The evil one is out there.
He's making those bad backwards miracles.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
He's the he-gaheen.
He's got them good, bad, bad, good,
backwards time streams running through all them drivers
out on them Mixmaster.
I feel them out there because I'm in the vision.
I'm in discernment. I'm in the spirit.
Friends, I see a young man listening out there,
but he's bound by habit, by bad habits.
He's frustrated in that traffic jam down there on I-30 right now.
They got him listening to them record albums.
You can hear the devil talking backwards on those.
That foreigner music, that rock and roll music with lyrics,
you can hear the devil talking backwards.
And he depends on the satellite beamed-in cable TV movies
with Burt Reynolds and car crashes and women!
Oh, are they real?
They're real, dear friends, but they do.
These pinks out there do have that foot gland,
that one remnant of their soul,
that rectangular gland that's connected to their monies.
My friends, they can be freed by parting with that which hath enslaved them.
You hand them that pamphlet, oh, friends, the scales fall from their eyes.
But you know, when those pink boys discover Bob,
it's either truth or death.
For the love of Bob can kill normals, friends, yes.
Yes, but Bob's men are moving on this planet.
Oh, that planetary alignment that came up, the Jupiter effect,
oh, I'm now sure that may have caused earthquakes and volcanoes
and the Earth to tilt on its axis.
And men will, in the end times to come,
men will gnash their brains and think backwards.
Dead Christians will come up from their graves,
shambling and rotting like not of the living dead,
but through it all, helping to profit from it all,
is that one mighty link between Heaven and Earth, that Bob.
Oh, yeah, I can see it now.
The miracle of the Bob world is unfolding.
They're wading up to their knees in blood, dear friends,
but it's the blood of the baptism of the mighty fist face of Bob.
That face that can pile through eight-foot-thick
titanium steel conspiracy fork-knock stores with that mighty pipe.
Oh, he ain't from another planet.
He ain't something we have to bow down and kiss to.
He's a man.
Oh, well, you can pull Bob's leg,
and he'll laugh right along.
Because Bob, he's been a fool just like you and me.
Bob's been a pathetic fool, and I tell you what,
that J.R. Bob Dobbs will be a fool again.
He's a fool today, he's a fool tomorrow,
because he's the same Bob.
He's always the same Bob, and he's working for you and me.
But it's that foolishness that has kept man from being satisfied with his lot,
that has kept man building his great gas-powered automobile engines,
his nuclear reactors,
that made him want to master the Earth,
no matter how nice it might have been before.
And it gives us, friends, it gives us that mighty hate,
the hate that makes us want to smite our brothers,
the hate that makes us get up in the morning,
and, friends, without that foolishness and that mighty hate,
why, we'd be no different from those normals,
because we'd have nothing to gripe about.
And it's the mighty gripe power and the hate that gives us something for nothing.
Oh, in the long run, we may be poor and broke,
we may be drunk and nervous,
we may be neurotic,
but we've got Bob, and they hate!
And for that, we can hate them!
Hate them! Hate them!
And that's the power that we have, and they don't have.
Oh, they've got plenty of that diddly kind of hate.
Oh, I hate President Reagan.
Oh, I hate my job.
I hate myself.
That's the sick hate, friends. That ain't no kind of hate at all.
We've got that all-inclusive kind of hate, that hate essence.
And it's the love of the hate that allows us to put up with just about anything.
So we can do something about it,
because the Bob hate is indistinguishable from the Bob love.
It's what keeps him on his toes.
Bob is the aware man, the natural man.
He can be walking along, humming to himself, playing pocket pool,
but the inner Bob is aware.
He can hear a fly sniff on a mountain far away,
and he can go up to that fly and look that fly in the eye and say,
Son, I'd like to sell you a big old mound of waste byproducts from physical organisms.
And that fly will give his wings to Bob.
Bob is aware.
And that's how he can sell to these inferior creatures.
And that fly, he's going to be a better fly for it.
All those other flies, they're flitting from pile to pile.
They see him just sitting there without any wings on that big old mound of Bob.
And they may laugh now, but winter goes by, summer goes by,
all those other flies starve.
But that little Bob fly, he's still sitting there on that pile,
a munching away and a munching away.
And that pile does not change because Bob, my friends, does not change.
Oh, he changes his mind.
He might suddenly change all the doctrine in the whole church
right in the middle of a ritual to teach us all an important lesson.
But, oh, my friend, Bob Dobbs does not change.
Hold that name on the tip of your tongue.
Bob. There's a B on either side, opposite poles.
That's a lesson right there.
Flip it over on your tongue.
Say it front way. Say it backwards. Say it upside down.
And what does it say? It says Bob.
Because Bob does not change.
His promise rings true.
But if you ain't been sprinkled in the blood of the head,
if you ain't been washed in the waste byproducts,
of Bob, how you gonna get saved?
You can go to that party Saturday night,
but you gotta be wearing Bob's shadow.
You can drink beer. You just gotta get Bob drunk, too.
And what about Wanda?
Oh, you just gonna have to give Wanda over to Bob.
That shouldn't be any problem.
Because Wanda, she found out from Bob how to get to heaven.
Sit down, boy.
Because, friends, if you're wondering,
Bob can love.
Bob can love.
I'm gonna give you a job.
I'm gonna tell you a story.
I was working for a radio station for a year.

I didn't set foot in a church for three years.
I was just fed up to here with it.
After working as an announcer at stations in several cities,
I finally got to Hollywood.
I was offered four jobs,
and I took one with a major network.
In 1947, I made a business trip to Cincinnati.
And it was just about then that the Kenneth Arnold sighting
of the so-called flying saucers hit the headlines.
And it caused a lot of conversation.
I notice you keep looking out the window.
You wouldn't be looking for these flying saucers, would you?
Well, as a matter of fact, yes.
You don't think it's just some kind of publicity stunt?


No.
It's reasonable to suppose that there's life on other planets.
Maybe I ought to start looking for flying saucers, too.
If they do come from another planet, how will we know?
Listen, when the occupants condescend to tell us, that's when.
God! God! God! God!
God! God! God! God!
God! God! God! God!
Now, Bob, you're getting to be a pretty big fella.
Yes, sir, maybe this is a good idea.
A chance for us to have a little talk.
Why, sure, Dad. What's cooking?
Uh, remember the last time we talked about this old body of ours, Bob?
Yeah. Yeah, I remember, Dad.
No.
Oh, here's a match. Your pipe's gone out again.
Well, thanks.
But when a doctor speaks of the male organ, he...
Well, he calls it a...
When a man and a woman are married, Bob, they love each other very much.
And in... in showing their love, their instinct is to embrace each other as if...
Well, as if to try to become the one person God intended them to be.
They're the sperm, as the doctors call it.
Is that the seed that helps make a new baby?
No, no, Bob.
Well...
What I'm talking about now is the fluid that contains the...
formed in two little sacs beneath the penis, which we call the...
Oh, but, Dad, why do fellas get these... these feelings before they get married?
Now, that's a good question, Bob.
Why do I ask you?
Well, there were some drawings in Bob's textbook.
I didn't mean to look at them honest, and...
Well, then some of the older girls... well...
You mean they talk about things sometimes?
Well, yes.
Ah!
Bob?
Yes, Bob.
What's wrong with Bob?
Bob!
I know Bob, Bob...
Bob, that's Bob, that's Bob.
...to solemnly commemorate...
Bob...
...the martyrdom of the prophet-herald of our faith, called Bob.
And in today's program, we're going to deal with the story of the Bob's martyrdom, the













and the events surrounding it.
Wow!
On that blistering July summer day,
there were the barrels of 750 rifles
awaiting the command to fire
and take the Bob's life.
He seemed so young to die,
barely 30.
He was a handsome, gentle, and confident man.
Could he possibly be guilty of the shocking crime
of which he was accused?
Would you get off your knees?
Somewhat unorthodox, wouldn't you say,
Reverend Scott, but realistic.
You deliver sermons like this,
it's a wonder you're still an ordained minister.
Or are you?
The best kind.
Angry, rebellious, critical, a renegade.
Stripped of most of my so-called clerical powers.
But I'm still in business.
Well, you seem to be enjoying the punishment.
Punishment?
Ah, the church has blessed me, that's what it's done.
Vanished to some new country?
In Africa?
Well, I had to look it up on the map
to find out where I was going.
Oh, my bishop doesn't know it,
but he has given me exactly what I wanted.
Elbow room.
Freedom.
Real freedom.
Freedom to dump all the rules
and all the trappings.
Freedom to discover God in my own way.
You call this an act?
They say it was an act, not every act, Dr. Grace.
Come on!
I saw a co- I saw a-
an article in the read in a recent Billy Graham column on religion.
It said, Dear Dr. Graham, I recently converted to Christianity,
and yet I am not presently killing doctors for Bob.
Is this perhaps a theological contradiction?
You're not media-morteming Christians without,
at least, a medical examination.
At this moment, killing doctors for Bob.
That's the kind of forces we have against us.
Oh, help me, somebody needs a medical examination.
I've got to go.
My legs are on fire!
The hour for Christ's return was at hand.
The years between 1843 and 1847
were generally accepted as the time for the return of Christ.
A young man there,
declared that he was the one foretold in all the holy books of the past.
He said he had come to usher in a new era,
a new springtime in the hearts of men.
He was called the Bob.
His name means the door or the gate.
And his teaching was to be the gateway to the new age of unity.
The world is one country,
and mankind its citizens.
There is only one religion,
and all the prophets have taught it.
Hellfire!
All right!
Okay, there's something else, too.
I noticed last Sunday
that one of you put a quarter
in the offering plate, see?
Yeah, Raymond Welch.
You're the one, you put a quarter in there.
You tight son of a...
I've seen all that, see?
I'm up here watching.
I know I can see it.
Y'all don't even look or nothing.
I can see it.
I know whatever one of you is giving.
All right.
I'm gonna maybe go to another church.
I don't know.
I don't give a .
Because I've just about come to the end of the road.
Here, I've just about lost patience with you people.
You know we need a Sunday school space out there.
And as Jesus had spoken to Peter the fisherman,
the Babs spoke to a Persian student named Mullah Hussein.
Mullah Hussein described in his own words
what his experience was like.
I sat spellbound by his utterance,
oblivious of time.
This revelation so suddenly
and impetuously thrust upon me
came as a thunderbolt,
which for a time seemed to have,
you know, be known to my faculties.
God is pretty busy.
He's got a long-term plan for humanity
that stretches far beyond our comprehension.
So it's not reasonable to expect him
to concern himself with the individual.
The individual is important
only to the extent of providing a creative link
between the past and the future
in his children or in his grandchildren
or in the contribution he makes to humanity.
Therefore, don't pray to God to solve your problems.
Pray to that part of God within you.
Have the guts to fight for yourself.
God wants brave souls.
He wants winners, not quitters.
If you can't win, at least try to win.
If you can't win, at least try to win.


God loves tryers.
Is that right, Robin?
Right.
You're dealing with something totally alien.
Those hypnotic eyes.
Alien, totally alien.
Something that must be incredibly, unbelievably...
Something totally alien.
Looks like he's growing.
It's like I told Hitler that time,
back when we were just a couple of running buddies.
One man's bummer is another man's beautiful thang.
And he always believed in that.
I think these guys in this band
are a bunch of stupid little loony birds.
Well, man, this is a pretty cool place, though,
even if I'm by my head.
Dorothy.
Dorothy, Dorothy, Dorothy.
Gotta be Dorothy, huh.
Dorothy, you gotta be Dorothy when you singin' this song.
Yeah, you've gotta be Dorothy when you're droppin' on that love.
Well, you've gotta be Dorothy when you're poppin' when you're singin' this song.
Uh, yeah.
Dorothy, when you singin' this song, wrote your song in november.
Sifting a measured quantity of tan flakes down into curved paper, spreading the flakes
so that they lay equal at the ends, with a slight depression in the middle, thumbs rolling
the paper's inner edge down and up under the outer edge as forefingers pressed it over,
thumbs and fingers sliding to the paper's salooner ends to hold it even, while tongue
licked the flap, left forefinger and thumb pinching their end, while right forefinger
and thumb smoothed the damp seam, right forefinger and thumb twisting their end.
Left forefinger and thumb picking out the entire cuticle U magnified for the only
one- Dana vedder maxed nearly eight hundred of a stroke with a right end just a few tips
at the right turn pressure, can be set at fifty, at ten for the left end, the left fми
backpack, two steps at the end is counted andazon graphly root, went- liam Raskrein,
Hz grant, time frame count every- inch.
Ahhhhhhh!
Well you guys have been propping for about 4 or 5 hours in the world now.
And excuse me when I call stop to it because as you well know,
viewing mug is something that can't take that type of torment, anguish, pain,
for that long, stigmatary time.
So will you stop propping now son or?
You got to stop the propping!
Well, that's just, that's it?
You got to stop the propping!
Huh!
You got to stop the propping!
But you know what happens when you stop propping?
Pretty soon you're going to come down son.
You know what's going to happen then.
You know what's going to happen when you come down.
You got to stop propping!
Oh friends, that's the Swingin' Love Corpses, the uncharacteristic song,
Got to Stop Propping.
Say, mama come back now, I'll tell you right now,
Huh!
Got to stop propping!
Propp, propp, proppin'!
Got to stop propping!
Yes, that's Dr. Philo Drummond singing, the Bob's Right Brain Man,
the co-founder of the Church of the Subgenius, now an obscure garage band bass player.
You ain't propping!
But...
You got to stop propping!
Don't you get Old Man
Slum-Yday-ana, old man!
Just stop propping!
theory cappella
Manta Moa Cootman
and play over and over again.
I was drinking Budweiser
and Bob was on TV.
Well, baby, Uncle,
good kick by a mule.
I was with Cousin Junior
with DNA backfire.
I was drunk.
I was lonely.
I was plastered.
I was drinking Budweiser
and Bob was on TV.
Drinking Budweiser
and Bob was on TV.
Watching Bob on TV.
Swallowing Redman
the day my coon dog died.
Reading the pamphlet
over and over again.
I was drinking Budweiser
and Bob was on TV.
I was drinking Budweiser
and Bob was on TV.
Oh, yes.
Dear friends.
Bob was on TV.
That was Bucknaked and the Jaybirds
doing Drinking Bud, Watching Bob.
You can write to Bob at P.O. Box 1403-06,
Dallas, Texas 75214.
And in the meantime,
this is K-N-O-N.
Oh, God, I'm going to have to...
