Bob, get Carrington up here.
Doctor!
We're almost 50 miles out, Doctor.
With your compass deviation, how are you navigating, Captain?
That peak ahead is practically...
Our...
Swag.
Go to bed at night with the seven subgenius principles
nestled firmly against your sternum.
With subgenius thought guiding your every action,
Marionette-like, you can't go wrong.
And you'll be ready for the new world
that will surely come when the pleasure saucers
of the sex goddesses arrive on X-Day
to lift off all believing subgeniuses
who have sent their $30 to our headquarters.
Oh, I thought it was...
You can still get on if you've got a pamphlet.
Oh, careful.
If you have pamphlet number one...
If you have pamphlet number one, you can get on.
It's like the secret way to get on without $30.
Yeah, the saucers will come looking for you.
You won't have to go to the landing area.
But they're going to put you in the bilge tanks.
You get to ride over there like in the bilge tanks.
Well, now who's spreading fear?
Who's spreading fearfulness now?
Talking about insufficient accommodations on the saucers.
I've got my state room...
Hey, it's only a dollar.
It was only a dollar.
It's a good deal.
You know, you don't always have to do things through channels.
They will provide for you.
Don't worry about it.
That's not going to be your chief worry.
Just don't worry.
Please don't worry.
Let us...
Let others worry.
We know that our path is made smooth.
You can't worry all the time.
You've got to have fear in your heart.
You've got too much worry in there.
You have to have fear in your heart.
How's the fear going to fit?
For us, we have a feeling of ease, relaxation, and fatuous contentment.
Yes, Dr. Howell and Philo, we have slack.
Whether on the Puzzling Evidence Show, as just heard,
or on the hour of Slack number 1,283, which is now being heard.
What they were talking about is the Church of the Subgenius Prophecy of X Day.
Our prophet, J.R. Bob Dobbs, saw a spirit vision from Jehovah One
that the men from Planet X would come to destroy Earth but save the subgeniuses,
and that this would happen at 7 a.m. on July 5, 19...
1998.
We know now, from more than a dozen X Day drills, that the year 1998 obviously has not arrived yet.
Nonetheless, we hold these drills every July, frolicking at a nudist-friendly campground,
as heard on the rest of this show, and preparing for the end the way you would expect, eating manwiches.
What difference does it make?
When that desphere gets to Earth, we'll all be blown to manwich meat!
Meow!
Well, I guess it's time to indulge in some end-of-the-world debauchery.
Who's up for an orgy?
Ooh!
Yes!
No, no, no!
Quit!
Nah!
I've identified the Death Sphere!
This is a top-secret military satellite launched by the Air Force in 1998.
And this is a top-secret FCC satellite launched that same year to censor indecent TV programs.
Like the Pimpsons and Asarama?
Precisely!
Okay, uh, also, we have to report on many interesting changes which have occurred in the world of the subgenius,
and, uh, keep happening as we evolve toward the fruition of perfection.
So this is gonna be 1998 this year?
Yes. Finally, it will arrive, and the prophecy will be fulfilled.
Cause Bob wouldn't lie or fuck up.
Is that the one we're gonna go with, or are we gonna go with the one where it's...
8... 89-91. I kinda like that one. It bought a lot more time.
Well, it's...
It bought a lot more...
89-91, because...
86-61.
86-61, because the... the pi...
Now that's like the...
The thing in Bob's handwriting...
If you need to buy a lot of time, that gets you the most.
...that says the world will end in 1998.
The year 1998 has been torn off, and the piece of paper has been re-adhered with tape, but upside down.
It looks like 1998.
And maybe because it was attached that way...
Maybe it is supposed to be 1998.
Right, that's... yeah.
But according to the original paper, it's that other date.
That's... but I kinda like the other theory, though. The... the hundred years theory.
Hmm. Well, it...
Hundred years theory.
It takes a long time for a fine vintage to...
It was just off by a hundred years.
...to come to its full...
Because it's a round, even bouquet.
That's another... that's just something that sounds crazy.
It's not looking for slogans that sound good. We're not looking for slogans that sound good. We're looking for the truth. No, wait.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
No, we are looking for slogans that sound good.
True slogans.
That's all we need.
That sound good.
It just has to sound good.
Want some fire water, Philo?
Try living by too much is always better than not enough.
Yes, right. We all know our catechism. I think this is not an elementary subgenius Sunday school session.
Have you really lived by too much is better than not enough? Then you're probably dead by now.
And not even realized it.
What is this thing?
You have exceeded your life line and are now living as a zombie on borrowed time.
You're like that poor old Dr. Jack Shepard on Lost. He's dead and he didn't even know it.
That's the fire water.
Tender, Shepard.
Make it close?
Guide your little lamb this night.
Oh, my God.
Man is born unto trouble as the sparks fly.

Did you?
Uh-huh.
Now, one of the alternatives, just in the event that this last treatment is not successful,
this is simply to allow you to move into a special area in which people of your kind have been congregated.
People of my kind?
Congregated.
Oh, you mean segregated.
You ain't in prison, don't you, Doctor? You're talking about a ghetto, aren't you? A ghetto designed for freaks.
Miss Tyler.
7 a.m.
July 5th.
I knew I was going to be hanging out with...
It must be some subgeniuses.
It must be some subgeniuses.
Like you! You're a subgenius. And you! You're a subgenius.
Folks, there are five minutes until the swag shack closes its iron doors forever.
Until X-Day. 15 hours until X-Day, too. Something like that.
15 hours until X-Moment.
Kind of makes you wonder, doesn't it?
X marks the spot in time.
Yes.
The fulcrum of all reality.
Oh, it is a nexus in time as well as in space.
We can still save Earth.
People are sure to clean up their act when presented with cold hard facts by rational folks like us.
The end is near. Repent thy sins.
I'll think it over while I engage this five dollar hooker.
I'll want to get off with you.
I'm going to get off.
But I'm not sure we're doing our duty to spread and otherwise promulgate subgenius doctrine.
Oh, that's right! That's what this show should be about, right?
Let's try to keep forgetting.
So, Reverend Stang, we're getting off this year, right?
Yes, we're getting off. Finally.
I want to hear more. Getting off what?
Getting off what?
At 7 a.m.
What are we getting off?
1998.
What?
The real 1990.
The endless wheel of having to discuss the significance of the various dot groups in Bob's face.
Why won't you answer?
Yeah, it'd be so great.
Reverend Stang, you don't have doubts.
Lower left quadrant, near the pipe and the tube.
Finally getting the cash to check.
Which have very interesting dot phenomena, dot-related phenomena, where they impinge, where they create lines, where there's a suggestion of moiré that is never found in the classic Dobbs hit.
It only hints at what is going to be...
The needle in the nail.
...what you're going to go through.
And not endure, but actually derive pleasure from the pleasure saucers when you get there.
Start with that. You will derive pleasure, but you then have to consider questions of aesthetics and taste and so on.
The pleasure will be there, but whether or not it's a pleasure which you would enjoy experiencing if you contemplated it in your current state cannot be determined.
Don't worry about picking stuff up when you go. You know, just leave your stuff there.
Your computers, you're going to leave your computer. You don't even have to turn it off, you know.
I mean, just leave the internet, leave your comic book collection.
Easy to say.
Because you're going to have a better comic book collection on the ship waiting for you when you get there.
With your name on it. I know I will.
I've been waiting for that, you know, some of those really hard to find issues.
I mean, what's the kick knocking off a bank if everybody knows about it? Huh?
And the dames. I never thought I would get bored with beautiful dames, but...
Look, look.
I wouldn't expect an angel to understand this, see, but being a big guy with a chip, it don't mean anything if it's all set up in advance.
And I mean, everything is great here, you see, really great. It's just the way I always imagine it, except that...
Just between you and me, Fats, I don't think I belong here. I don't think I fit in.
Oh, nonsense.
Of course you do.
Oh, no, I mean it. I mean it. It's just somebody must have goofed. If I gotta stay here another day, I'm gonna go nuts.
Look, look. I don't belong in heaven, see? I wanna go to the other place.
Heaven?
Whatever gave you the idea you were in heaven, Mr. Valentine? This is the other place.
No.
MUSIC

A scared, angry little man who never got a break. Now he has everything he's ever wanted, and he's going to have to live with it for eternity.
THE SUBGENIUS POWER OF SWAG
A lot of subgeniuses will actually be lifted into the pleasure sausage in the hammock.
They'll be in the hammock, and they'll be already stretched out,
feeling good about things.
They pay a little bit extra for that, but it's okay.
It's just for the hammock.
It's genuine K-POP.
It's all organic.
Escape the pull of Earth's gravity.
What if Bob lied to us?
What if the escape vessels come, and instead of being planet or Texas-sized,
they're just kind of rinky-dink Roswell-type wobbly silvery discs.
It's a little late to be worrying about that.
With crappy air conditioning inside, and not even FM radio, just AM.
And then when you get your sex goddess,
it's this old seedy rattled mattress back hooker from Tijuana,
and the best she'll do is give you a hand job.
You're complaining about the decor.
What if Bob?
I'm exaggerating the nature.
I don't doubt X-Day.
Understand this.
I don't doubt Bob.
I don't doubt X-Day.
But I know the way publicity, advertising works.
What if everything instead of...
What if it's...
What if it's like it's supposed to be, though, Reverend Stang?
Well, if you're complaining about your accommodations,
you haven't even been assigned your stateroom.
Everything is like it's supposed to be, but the saucers are only this big.
And we will have to undergo radical compression to fit.
My sex goddess is a little bit...
We'll have to increase our density.
It may be our destiny.
Yeah, actually, people were looking for squashed little saucers on the ground
back in Conspiracy 1998.
But I'm just...
Friends, look, I'm not saying that your escape vessel won't be everything promised in...
Although it's a little bit different promise in Book of the Subgenius
than it is in Revelation X.
And then by the time you get to the Bobliagraphon,
they sound almost like I do now.
If you're eating a...
Take a bowl of Quisp.
I mean, it has to...
Make sure there's no little tiny flying saucers as you're eating it.
You know?
But you could go back in time to the 1970s and bring Dr. Shrinker to the future
and shrink us all down so we fit in those saucers.
Well, of course, then...
But say what?
If you go back to the 1970s, you make some mistake, you step on a butterfly,
and when you come back, Book of the Subgenius never got published.
Next day, it's happening.
Do you trust a man who is smiling with a pipe in his mouth?
Do you?
Well, you must be a subgenius.
Do you trust that aliens will come from the sky and scorch the ground?
Do you?
You must be a subgenius.
There are people who don't believe, you know.
Hate? Hate?
They think we're like Heaven's Gate and we're all gonna kill ourselves.
They hate crazy people who think there are going to be
be saved or who might kill themselves. So they want to kill us to teach us a lesson.
That's the way the crazy person thinks. Of course, none of us here are like that. Nobody
around here is weird or crazy looking or in any way sort of eccentric.
They want to kill us to stop us from killing ourselves?
They want to kill us to stop us from killing ourselves?
Well, that's the, some of the overzealous subgeniuses, the ones that are into the, I
must save you or kill you.
Or I must save you, I must kill you to save you.
Right, I must kill you in order to save you.
I must kill you.
Answer.
Except for a few.
And they're totally screwed.
You're not drinking, are you, Beechcroft?
I don't drink, Mr. Rogers.
Well then, if you don't drink and you don't stay out late at night, are you watching your diet?
If you'd really like to know, Mr. Rogers, if you'd really like to know precisely why I am so dead tired,
you ought to try coming to work on the subway at 7.30 every morning.
Then jamming into an elevator like part of a herd of cattle.
Then working in that, in that cacophonous dim that you call an office.
Always get jostled, always get shoved, always get pushed around.
Why, take hold of yourself, Beechcroft.
Oh goodness sakes, man, take hold.
I'll take hold, Mr. Rogers.
I'll take hold when I can achieve that millennium, that absolute perfection that comes with solitude.
You read me, Mr. Rogers?
People, people, people.
If I had my way, here's how I'd fix the universe.
I'd eliminate the people.
I mean cross them off, get rid of them, destroy them, decimate them.
And there'd only be one man left, me.
You are quite mad, Beechcroft, do you know that?
People.
Very well, then.
Three other paths are open to you.
Three cunning plans to cure thy ailment.
Oh, good.
The first is simple.
Kill Bob.
Never.
Then try the second.
Kill yourself.
And the third?
The third is to ensure that no one else ever knows.
Ah, that sounds more like it.
How?
Kill everybody in the whole world.
I've lost my chance at being the world's spelling bee champion.
No.
Because God damn Mrs. Darden, who is the first one to die tomorrow morning at 7.15.
Mrs. Darden, my fifth grade teacher, was the one reading out the spelling bee words.
But Mrs. Darden was from West Texas or someplace.
The word I was given to spell, she said, spell, servful.
Wow, that's complicated.
Okay, S-E-R-V-I-L-E, servful.
And she goes, she knew I was a good student back then.
She goes, try one more time.
Servful.
S-E-R-V-I-L-E.
So the next kid comes up.
Servful.
S-A-V-E-R-A-L.
Servful.
Servful.
I have servful pictures of you on my wall.
Oh, yeah.
Servful.
Servful of you.
You have terrible pronunciation problems.
Fucking bitch.
She's dead now for sure.
Tomorrow at 7.15.
You're going to dig up her skeleton.
I'm going to dig up her skeleton.
I'm going to bring her back to life in her morbidly obese form.
And then kill her again.
Have you ever heard of a man being flayed alive?
I'm going to reenact the end of the world.
The book happens.
The book happens.
Yeah, that's right.
I just saw that movie for the first time ever the other week.
The Terrible Fate He Inflicts on Hjalmar Belsig.
Man, that's a great-looking movie.
Yeah, it is.
Directed by Edgar Ulmer.
Ulmer, a wonderful director who, if he had even the tiniest budget, could make a movie look great,
and if he had no budget, could at least make it look interesting.
thing like that book i was recommending to you flicker is loosely based on him the man from
planet x is that edgar ulmer masterpiece where they have nothing you know everything is is made
out of out of cardboard and so on but what uh uh atmosphere he gets they had a fog man from planet
x well they have a fog machine which is good because it covers up the fact that there's
not much there the scene where a car drives somewhere it drives four feet onto their tiny set
that's movie making the subgenius way that was dr howell with dr philo drummond reverend suzy
the floozy pope blackhead yours truly reverend stang on stage at 13x day which is where most of
this show was recorded including the music by six-fisted tales of connie heard in the background
with pisces on vocals
collages came from the large yours truly with much thanks to the old twilight zone and the
young futurama with some black adder thrown in next up the final dog and pony show from our
friend reverend dj shaver recorded at the entrance to the hollow earth at 13x day
the earth will fry as quickly as a wink
so
enjoy yourself enjoy yourself it's later than you think that's right ladies and gentlemen it is
later than you think this is the last time we'll be here at x day ladies and gentlemen and right
now i have a very very special presentation as you know this was quote-unquote the farewell
performance of dj starr and i'm very excited to be here with you and we're going to be talking about

Shaver's Dog and Pony Show. But that, of course, is because I firmly believe that after 13 times,
this is the one, ladies and gentlemen. We will not be here next year. But
if for some Bob-forsaken reason we find ourselves here back here next year,
I'm going to borrow a line from Stephen Colbert. Ladies and gentlemen,
I am DJ Shaver's Dog and Pony Show, and you can too. I want you to come up with a musical act,
perform it on this stage, and we're going to have like a subgenius idol. You guys are going to be
judged and graded, and there will be a prize, ladies and gentlemen.
But of course, that will not happen because we're going to Planet X this year.
Yeah!
I'd like to leave you with a little bit of a surprise.
I'd like to leave you all with a little inspirational song.
Let's kill all the beautiful people.
Let's string them up by their beautiful hair.
Let's kill all the beautiful people.
Have the world to ourselves.
Let's kill all the shiny and the shiny.
Let's kill all the beautiful and the gifted.
The clever ones who make me feel small.
The strong, the brave, the self-assured ones.
Let's kill them all.
Sing along, children!
Let's kill all the beautiful people.
String them up by their beautiful hair.
Let's kill all the beautiful people.
Have the world to ourselves.
Let's kill all the beautiful people.

Let's kill all the happy, secure ones.
The ones who think that we've got other skills.
The ones who say you're beautiful inside.
Let's give them pills.
Let's kill all the beautiful people.
String them up by their beautiful hair.
Let's kill all the beautiful people.
Have the world to ourselves.
Kill and maim and gaily garrot them.
The ever so humble, the faultless, the thin.
The ones who want to watch over and help us.
Let's do them in.
Everybody sing!
Let's kill all the beautiful people.
The men of Arleigh.
The Women's Institute.
Come on!
The beautiful people.
All.
Have the world to ourselves.
People of France.
Dancing in the land of gold.
Yeah, I don't know French either.
Let's kill the French.
Kill them all.
Alice Comston, wherever he is.
There he is.
All together now.
Let's kill all the beautiful people.
String them up by their beautiful hair.
Let's find a whole world
How to run to ourselves
That's such a beautiful sentimental song.
Where's Bob?
DJ Shaver!
Nigel is from the prestigious Tap House, Cabell.
And good evening.
I've been told I've been up here before, but I don't remember it.
So, apparently I need to come up here when I remember it, you remember it, Bob remembers it, the exes remember it.
And everybody can agree on one thing.
July 5th, 7 a.m., we're getting off this rock.
Can I get a praise, Bob?
That's what I wanted to hear.
Now, I have done a few things over the years to try and bring about what I consider to be the end times.
And I hope every single one of you have done your bit as well.
But if you have not, I understand.
It can be taxing.
There can be a weight upon your shoulders.
You feel as though you're carrying the entire weight of this church upon your very shoulders.
But what do you do?
Little bits.
Up on the hill, what do we do?
We bribed everybody.
We bribed you to come up there.
But what do we want from you?
We wanted your hate.
We wanted you to come up and give us your hate.
We'll give it back.
We're not going to keep it.
But we needed to borrow it just long enough to send that signal up into the sky to the exes.
Who?
Who?

You have been given every single thing that could be possibly given.
They have been given money.
They have been given sex.
They have been given every single possible thing.
So what did we give them?
We gave them your hate.
Now, we don't know how that's going to work out.
But you can come up on that hill.
Those of you who showed up today.
Actually, those of you who didn't show up today, come up early.
And I'll work something out for you.
I've got a deal.
I've got a deal for you.
But 9 p.m. tomorrow night, we are going to send the one thing the exes understand up into space.
And that is your hate.
Can I hear your hate?
Hate!
Hate!
Hate!
Hate!
Hate!
Hate!
Hate!
Hate!
Hate!
Remember this moment.
Bring it up on that hill.
And we're going to send it into space.
Space.
Space.
Space.
Space.
Space.
Space.
Space.
Space.
Space.
Space.
Space.

Space.
Space.
Space.
Space.
Space.

Space.
Space.
Space.
Space.
Space.
Space.
Space.
Space.
Space.
We're a real church.
Well, I went, no, no, no.
I'm hosting this thing.
I've got to be polite.
I ran down here just in time to see the coolest thing that happened this whole next day.
The rising of those balloons full of hate.
That was at sunset.
To praise Reverend Nigel there, I guess it was his idea.
That was so poignant.
That really was one of the most.
I didn't even get to see what most of the hate was about.
But I saw one lifting up.
It said, I hate my dad on it.
It's good to get that kind of crap out of you before you get ruptured, you know.
Now, some of you subgeniuses, you're going to get transformed right at that moment.
If you happen to be daydreaming about Lindsay Lohan when that happens.
Now, for some of you, that may be great.
Oh, boy, I look like Lindsay Lohan.
Others will be going, where's my pecker?
So.
I hope you all have given proper thought to the seriousness of that moment of rupture.
You know, I had thought about when I'm ruptured and can do anything.
Ruptured, sorry.
I've been reading my scriptures.
Anyway, when I get my superpowers for $30 day after tomorrow,
I had thought about giving myself superpowers,
but I had not thought about keeping myself normal.
But creating a planet that was unusually weak,
which would then make me feel super.
Oh.
See.
If you remember Bedford and Kavor and their adventures on the moon,
where you hit a moon man and he just splashes into liquid
because he's six times less integrated and dense than you are.
And subgeniuses can be pretty damn dense, friends.
I mean, why do you think they call it?
Density of pure neutronium.
I'm living proof of that.
Yep.
The conspiracy people, you can tell them by their flabby softness.
The subgenius is firm, round, and fully packed.
Well, I've seen, I don't know about the firm part.
I've seen the round and fully packed.
Fairly firm.
Saw a lot of it at the baptism.
Jackie, I just can't get over that.
How can anybody miss such a wonderful ritual that brings us together?
Well, some would rather eat fried grits with a bunch of hillbillies in town
than pay attention to our sacred ceremonies and rituals.
I had pointed out that I've seen...
I'm sorry I missed it.
I'll be naked for everyone later privately.
Will that help?
Ladies and gentlemen, Bobby is only ten minutes away.
Ladies and gentlemen, Bobby is only ten minutes away.
Ladies and gentlemen, Bobby is only ten minutes away.
Ladies and gentlemen, Bobby is only ten minutes away.
B Meet the Three!!
Smoked Don!
I can tell this is going to be a hot day, so I hope that, I really hope this is it.
That's funny.
You're all dressed in black, Susie.
Well, the world is going to fucking die.
Well, what are you mourning?
No, these are my party threads.
Oh, okay.
I love a good death of something I hate, and this planet is number one.
Now I have photographic records of what you all looked like before you got your new bodies.
That's going to be quite a psychological test, you know.
I asked Ratnar, Governor Ratnar, once what kind of new body he would get, and he said,
I think I'm going to keep my old one.
I thought that was kind of touching.
I wouldn't want to touch him.
I must say.
I've got a bunch of...
Every year, we get more people at this 7 a.m., and I want to thank you folks for having the faith
to get off your asses at this ungodly time.
Now, I know some of you have to do it five, six days a week.
I only have to do it this one day a year, but don't feel bad.
Oh, who stayed up all night?
Oh, I did.
So some people actually do that, huh?
Oh, I did.
Oh.
What about the narcolepsy stayed up all night?
I, we went to bed at a nice, sane time, 1 o'clock.
At 2 o'clock, we started trying to go to sleep.
At 5 o'clock, I woke up, bolt upright, despite the sleeping pill.
And then we discovered that we had left the alarm clock in the other room.
It's only a matter of hours now until the rupture.
Hours could seem like minutes.
Minutes could seem like seconds.
Minutes.

Friends, have you put your dibs in on earth products that you want to preserve?
Do we have to go?
I've got the Grand Canyon and the Smithsonian.
You always have to mention that.
Dr. Hal has his dibs on what?
The dinosaur mu...
The plastic dinosaur warehouse outside Las Vegas, Nevada.
Not many people would appreciate it,
but that's why I've got a secure bid on it and its entire contents.
That's not all they have, but they certainly got a rare treasure.
Whoop.
Better put some more stones there.
Oh, that big vinyl Dobbshead banner that's sort of blowing around here.
The Vinyl Frontier.
That is this year's doodle pad.
Or the vinyl solution.
I think we have some markers and things around there,
and that is for you.
Feel free to doodle upon.
I started, but there'll be more.
Yeah.
More scratching and a scribbling.
You'll notice we've left other boards from previous X Days.
Nailed up where people have put in their smart-alecky,
disrespectful comments about J.R. Bob Dobbs and his called ministers.
Weight it down with stones.
You better believe we take names.
We take notice of all that.
Mm-hmm.
You can earn a lot of demerits by bad-mouthing subgenius preachers.
A man taking names.
That was Susie, who said she's still fighting the conspiracy.
Apparently, there is a number of...
Actors holding her within the bowels of Atlanta.
There's a holdup in the Bronx.
Brooklyn's broken out in fights.
There's a traffic jam in Harlem that's backed up to Brooklyn Heights.
There's a scout troop short a child.
Crew chefs do it idle-wild.
And still, she will be here.
And Whitey's on the moon.
Now, in about an hour or so, you should be feeling the communion, Bob.
It'll last 12 to 16 hours.
I think I'm going to do something.
My friend Alexander Shulgin made these little communion wifers.
Last time, we got together at the Bohemian Grove and traded recipes.
It's going to spill out.
Look, it's so...
They're full of eggs.
Eh?
It's an egg sack.
I don't want your disgusting used communion wafer, Philo.
If you don't eat them, you can eat them.
You can use them as tiny little bit of toilet paper, I suppose.
I wouldn't be able to.
Did everyone get their Kool-Aid?
I hate having to say that.
Gee, I wonder what the Euro subgeniuses are doing right now on Euro X Day in Amsterdam.
Haven't they already been ruptured by now?
Shouldn't they be...
If something was happening, wouldn't we know?
Oh, no, they're only about six hours ahead, right?
Yeah.
So, at about 1 o'clock this morning...
They will be ruptured.
If they answer their phones, then we're up shit creek.
Would you roll that, Doctor?
Yeah, if we call Amsterdam at 1 this morning and anybody answers their cell phone, that's not a good sign.
But what you'll hear is a shrilling noise.
Oh.
You think it's going to happen there first instead of here first?
Well, on the other side of the international date line, if they made an international date, I don't know why not.
Yeah, right now, so...
Like, wouldn't toilet...
Reverend Toilet Pepper...
Wouldn't toilet in the Philippines be...
What time is it there?
Well, the toilets will all start to swirl the other way.
We need to have one of those clocks on a giant screen that shows, you know, the time in different places.
And they would...
As it hits 7 o'clock and...
First place at 7 a.m. is Samoa.
The first big area.
And that would go blank.
You know, it's like the clock would just go out.
And as it moved to Australia, we'd be on the phone to a chain smoker.
Trying to understand his dialect.
While he tried to, you know, seduce us over the phone.
Cyber or something.
And then at 7 o'clock in Australia...
He'd be gone, right?
One less Austrian.
Like the ball dropping in Times Square on New Year's.
Except the ball is sad old planet Earth.
A familiar face.
A familiar face.

And then we're seen.
Once again.
It's July 5th.
And everyone is staring at me.
And the swamp.
Yeah, and the swamp.
As if I was Bob.
Or maybe I'm really, you know...
Man.
Please.
You know.
We need to focus outwards.
Actually, come to think of it, we need to be outdoors.
Because in a few minutes we'll be lifted up.
And there's...
That's a hard ceiling.
I hate to be left behind.
Thanks. Right.
We don't want to be left behind because...
Bumping against the ceiling.
You see.
That's another thing we've realized over the years.
If we'd be bumping, we'd be strained through it.
The what?
We wouldn't be bumping.
We'd be strained.
You're right.
We'd be strained through the roof.
Before we got to the escape vessels.
It might be hard to re-corporate.
And I believe there is Kool-Aid over there.
Actual Kool-Aid over by the table.
Some brave person should go ahead and grab that.
If I know who y'all subgenius is,
somebody will come along here at 7-0-1
and find all these untouched cups of subgenius Kool-Aid.
Don't eat the brown ass.
And is there any hope left?
Indeed.
We're here on Earth's last unspoiled acre
to show the Death Sphere there's still purity in the world.
Begin transmitting.
Commence purity chant.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Ah, quiet you riot.
What's the worst that could happen?
No.
No.
Earth is gone.
Three minutes.
Just think of that.
Breathe this polluted air for one last time.
Muse upon the...
pesticide-laden ground.
As we fly away, we can probably watch that oil volcano
start lapping up onto the shores of...
the edges of skyscrapers and cities.
Dr. Drummond, it's been a long trip, hasn't it?
Been a long trip.
A long, long trip since...
It's taking so long to get here.
I'm so glad.
Since that first trans...
transmission we heard from the Exist saying,
shut up, pink boy.
Shut up, pink boy.
That was our first...
Shut up, pink boy.
Wait, maybe that's what they were...
Maybe they really meant it.
I said, shut up, pink boy.
All right, let's not think about that, friends.
We've got only a couple of minutes left to go.
Music playing.
Music playing.
Music playing.
Music playing.
Music playing.
Music playing.
Music playing.
Music playing.
Music playing.
Music playing.
Music playing.
Music playing.
Music playing.
Music playing.
So here's the last thing that I have to give
Space to fill
One final look at your face
I'll see it in my mind in another place
I blink my eyes, my mouth feels dry
There's not an answer to the question why
This is the last night that I'll ever live
I can't control this, now I never will
So here's the last thing that I have to give
Space to fill
One thing was for sure
As I left the stage
I had more than one kind of reservation
I don't want to say I knew
But I knew
All I could think about was you
This is the last night that I'll ever live
I can't control this, now I never will
So here's the last thing that I have to give
Space to fill



So here's the last thing that I have to give
Space to fill
Here goes the last story that I'm gonna tell
It's not the kind that ends so well
I think, maybe, goddamn, I am
Soon to be ashes of what we built
This is the last night that I'll ever live
I can't control this, now I never will
So here's the last thing that I have to give
Space to fill
Space to fill
Space to fill
Space to fill
Space to fill
Space to fill
Space to fill
Space to fill
bres
Blue
Blue
Blue
Blue
Green
things. Anyway, back now to 13X Day, 6.59 a.m. on July 5th morning, as we hear via my lapel mic,
the final moments before 7 a.m. and the X moment.
Look around. It's so beautiful.
Where are we staying?
This is the place that we all made together so that we could find each other.
The most important times of your lives were spent with these people.
We all needed each other. You needed all of us and we needed all of you. Why do we need to be
together? Well, friends,
to remember and to let go. Bob said we were leaving, friends. Leaving, no. Just moving on.
Where? Let's go find out.
10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3,
2, 1.
Fuck them if they can't take a joke.
I see them, Rub and Stang. They're in their moon-shaped vehicle this year.
Ugh.
It's the moon-shaped vehicle.
They're showing us the moon once again.
There's the moon in the middle.
Now, we could...
No, let's not do that.
It's the moon-shaped vehicle. Let's come and get it.
I can see you're my floaters, Stang. What's up?
Tell me about it. I see you're floaters, too.
You're a floater. You brought it.
Well, I suppose we could stall, do another countdown.
I could wake up this morning and get myself a beer.
The future's uncertain and the end is always near.
Bullshit.
Well, uh...
Oh, okay. She called me up on...
She called me on that.
Uh, maybe.
Dr. Drummond, uh, it was...
Weren't you the one that found the memo that said it was 7 a.m.?
Or was I the one that found the memo that said it was 8661?
Oh, well.
Remember, it's been so many years.
Well, turn this corny shit off.
Thank you.
Yay!
I guess not that many of you saw the last episode.
You're sort of lost, huh?
It seems like it was so poignant a second ago, though.
Lost? What's that?
Yeah, a second ago, it was poignant.
Well, fuck it! God damn it! I'm bitter! I'm now...
Once again, every goddamn...
This is the 15th time!
I have been here every goddamn July 5th at 7 o'clock in the morning.
So is Dr. Dark.
This guy here is the only other...
God fucking damn it!
Oh, look, he's got a little parasitic twin hanging out of his butt.
Let me see what happened.
Well...
Where's Bob?
I don't know.
I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.
He said something about food.
Maybe the alligator's got him.
Hey, man, don't say that.
We could starve to death out here.
Ah, man.
This swamp can't go on forever.
We'll find something.
We'll find something.
We'll find something.
Sリe's still octopus.
There'll be no price.
You wouldn't get nice octopus out of there.
I thought we could all eat one at the same time.

But we've already done this one.
We've already become humans.
Not aliens!
We've invented the pirulits.

Slyde has some Mandarin to talk about.






You get a little pleasey today about a tree in your eye.
Yeah.
And I hear I have a card he currently gave to youay princess Delt complete a big man return
friend from the sea.
You bet, Murk.
best friend. But just give it time. There was one poor fellow here. He was really frustrated
because he hadn't gotten laid. And I know just how that guy feels because when I was his age,
I hadn't either. And all I can say is I'm living proof. Don't kill yourself. Wait for X day.
You're a subgenius. You're not a professional at suicide. There are hardly any of those around.
And why rush things? Bob or God, they're going to do the job anyway. They're good at it. They've
done it a million times. Let them kill you. No matter how tough things get or how hopeless. I
know that now the X's haven't come. Some of you just want to go die. It's like, oh God, I can't
make it. I sold my house. I sold my house. I sold my house. I sold my house. I sold my house. I sold
my house. I cashed out my credit cards. I can't bear to go home to face the embarrassment
of all those discordians laughing at me. I know how it is. Every X day, the discordians,
they act like Baptists who just learned that the Methodist church burned down.
Oh, and now I don't want to go into the flying spaghetti monster. Spare me.
Oh, you're talking about lunch right there. Yeah, that's right.
They're lunch for the subgenius. Well, they're just a joke. They don't really believe. Are they?
Okay. Flying spaghetti monster had a convention. I can see that they might get a lot of people.
It would be in a Howard Johnson's motel. It would be like a little, little sci-fi convention.
They'd be sitting around sucking their thumbs, looking at cartoons of the flying spaghetti
monster. They would not be standing in a campground in the middle of bizarre Amish country that they
may become.
All the way across the continent to be at. No, not at seven in the morning because they're not
subgeniuses. Oh, well, maybe I shouldn't have brought that up. But the faith is the important
thing. Now, ain't it, Dr. Drummond? It's so true. We've kept that faith for so long. When was it
that you showed me that Bob face? It was 1978. 78. And when was it you said I'd have to get up
in the morning at seven o'clock? It was 1978. That was somebody else that said that then.
That's what every... All of us.
I was going to say seven. Yes, little boy.
I think it was a mix-up memo.
It's funny, though. Every X day, there are actually, well, there were like 400 people
waiting for the saucers at 7 a.m. in 1998. Then it dropped off to about a dozen the next
year. But it has gradually built back up. I'd say there were at least 40 or 50 people
standing around staring at us at seven in the morning.
Absolutely. I agree with that. Yep.
40 or 50.
And it's more, it's like every year there's a few more.
It's like they have more faith every year instead of less faith.
As the numbers fewened. See, now, I told you once when I took me a communications class,
one of the first things in them studies on communications and sociology and kind of the
arcane psychology of the whole thing is they had a bunch of people believing on this woman
who said the aliens was going to come. And she was going to be director.
Right.


And she was going to be director.
Oh, right. Yeah. The study of the cult.
And although many were disappointed the first time, many, many showed up. It got fewer and
fewer until it dwindled off to nothing. But those few were more and more rabid.
Right. Yeah. Well, because there have been differently-samed people who admitted this
to their therapists. It's like, if I stop believing this now, it'll be like I've wasted
years out of my life.
That's a tough thought.
So much.
It might not be true.
I like to think that every year more and more people simply get it. And they end up having
a really good time at a party that's not too big and not too small. I could stand it to
be a little bigger.
I say for an Epicurean standpoint, it certainly is a wonderful, wonderful way to spend a week.
There's plenty and plenty of delicious, delightful food there. I mean, I know this is very mundane
stuff, but it is delicious.
Well, and then the after effect is being hyperproductive, you know, because you've learned that the world
could end any moment.
Right. Again, we're talking about, you know, methane expressions and explosions from crack.
Yeah.
Now I have the faith. I have it in my heart, but I don't have the $30.
And I know Bob only cares about money.
Well, you got to know that's not true. Bob is very rich. He doesn't need the money. He
needs the proof that you have the fact somehow sell myself to Bob.
Yes. Yes, you can. You can go to the convenience store that has a help wanted sign and sell
your soul by getting that job, earning up that $30 and sending it to a post office box.
181-417-CLEVELAND.
Heights, Ohio 44118subgenius.com.
But you know, he can work his way up at the 7-Eleven.
That's right. You can work your way up just like Bob did. You murder the boss, become
the manager, poison, fuck the district manager's wife until he commits suicide.
Don't forget, you have to kill all of your customers too. It's a hard job.
Oh, I'm poisoning the sleuthy.
You poison the customers with Chinese.
Chemicals and toys.
The melamine and the Slurpees.
Because believe you me, I have been coming here since 1998. I'm not an early adopter,
but I'm somewhere along that line. And I have seen the progression over the years. And I
know that every single year, we almost get it right. And some little thing spins off
to the left or over to the right. It's not our fault.
They didn't tell us how to end the world. We have to figure it out for ourselves.
Every single one of you has the power within yourself to end this world and bring the subgenius
high.
Will you do this?
Will you end the world?
Can I get a praise Bob Helena Kearney?
And I'll come back here to you, Kunal.
Very good.
I'll come back to you.
Thank you, Ken.




Thank you.

It's very simple.
All you have to hold within your heart
is the love of yourself
and the people you care about
and to ever live in hate
for every single nods of Jesus on this planet.
Hail Connie.
Praise Bob.
Let's end it this year.
Now you see,
that's a fucking hot brain.
She knows it too.
Look at that.
Let's go home, everybody.
At least the world wasn't destroyed.
Yet.
Consummate your union
or I shall destroy Earth.
Earth.
Well,
if it's to save Earth,
commence intercourse.
Ahem.
No!
That was that nice Mr. Hilliard.
He said the school board
accepted our ideas enthusiastically.
Really?
Well, now, Mr. Hilliard may be right.
We may have saved the world.
Do you think we did the right thing?
Well, I think it's time to say goodbye.
This is the end.
We'll be back next week, right?
You said a mouth-busting evidence show.
Yeah.
It's there.
It's there.
Anyone?
Yeah.
Before and then,
it's gonna be anyone.
You thought we were gone.
You thought we were out of here.
We're still here.
We're still here.
The microphone's still on.
It's still on.
Yippee!
It never backtraced.
See, we scared the, oh yeah.
You thought we were gone?
He was done.
We were gone.
Oh, it's me. I'm twisting in the wind.
Oh, no, they left me.
Hanging here like a ghost on a hangman's noose.
Hanging by the telephone cord.
Just fizzling out.
I want to get up with you.
Yeah.
Cause every day hurts a little more.
And every day hurts a little more.
I want to get up.
I want to get up with you.
Next time, I'm going to get off.
I'm going to get off.
I'm going to get off.

Yes, friends, next time we will all get off.
14X Day will be from June 29th to July 5th, 2011
at Wisteria Campground in Southern Ohio.
Wisteria.org.
And now that the show has gone over an hour
for our internet listeners only,
because this stuff is just too subgenius.
For broadcast, we present some extras from X Day,
which will include a ripping jam
by Six-Fisted Tales of Connie
and a rant and song from the band we call
Monkey Hive.
Praise Bob.
Priestess Pisces, we've weathered another one.
Where's Modemac?
What are you guys lurking about?
Oh, he's texting Bob.
Modemac and Pisces gave a lot of slack for this thing.
I mean, a lot of people did.
One person who didn't was Dr. Philo Drummond,
because he is closer to Bob than any other person.
And you'll notice that you did not see this man working, toiling.
Thank you for that.
So anyway, friends, the ultimate rewardian,
if you are a rewardian and want to succeed
and wallow in slack while watching everybody else,
learn to be like Dr. Drummond.
If you are an emergentile and actually get off
on driving yourself to a frenzy,
then be like me.
I notice you're the one that got up later all those years
than I was the one that got up closer to seven.
Actually, Dr. Drummond infiltrated the conspiracy
to a much deeper level than I did.
I'm still, you know, somebody's got to be there
on the inside of the conspiracy.


And he's got to be there on the outside,
so we know who the moles are.
We gotta keep up with all those moles.
Well, you just recently retired from running
the entire phone company of the world, right?
Pretty much.
Well, I'm almost out.
I'm still, they still got their hooks in me a little bit.
But I'm working on that.
Well, so see, maybe I am the slack master.
I only have to get up at seven once a year.
But I'm tired of even that!
I don't even want to get up at seven again one more year!
But we'll probably be back here waiting again next year.
Never let it be said that the subgeniuses were quitters
like Sarah Palin. No, sir.
We never quit.
Even when we know better.
Even when you've whacked out that last load
and you know there's not another drop of fluid in your body,
you still won't quit wanking.
You still got an arm, don't you?
That's right.
You still got an arm.
If you have an arm, borrow one.
We're like that old limp dick.
It can't be beat.
That's the church of the subgenius, friends.
It's like a pet you can fuck.

Onan said that.
He said the church of the subgenius.
It's like having a pet you can fuck.
Although right now it kind of feels like
it's like the other way around right now, it seems.
It's having a pet that you don't mind if it fucks you.
Right. Yeah, that's better.
The church of the subgenius.
It's like having a pet that you don't mind if it fucks you.
That's a little more accurate, actually.
I guess they've got these two gro ethical.
I don't think any of you should be
seeing him now.
Don't expect Jack.


and all these baby-ish하
put together to be one of the only

But if it's осв자기N
and a little concerned about

anrad chantgo
Screwed in the end
Bob fucked us again
Every single year
I get older and I shed some more tears
But
Screwed in the end
Bob fucked us again
Screwed in the end
Bob fucked us again
I was promised something
And I think that you were too
And I'm starting to notice something
It hasn't happened to either of us
And I gotta tell you something
I'm getting mighty, mighty impatient with this
Bob
Screwed in the end
Bob fucked us again
Screwed in the end
Really, Bob? I mean, really?
It's just some saucers from the sky
I mean, you're a human of this
Omnipotent kind of guy
And it really should be just so
So easy for you to
Make them come out of the sky
The sky is so blue, but
Screwed in the end
Bob fucked us again
Screwed in the end
He fucked us again
Screwed in the end
Bob fucked us again




Screwed in the end
Screwed in the end

I don't know about you, but really?
Bob, you're kind of an elite shoe sloob
But your name's Bob

I am
Just a silly站 Tin
Hey, wait!

Now I'm trying tofriend you
They're still young
They never watch the movie
Everything is fucking footage
What was the end of it sound like?
President Movies
I read them Mlik
Intellectual evangelicals.
Yeah, thank you.
Hoping to save the human race from extinction
by enslaving them for menial labor experimentation.
Human sacrifice and sexual exploitation.
The militant holocaustals.
Striving to completely snuff out the moronic masses of pink pestilence.
And virtually every other clenching schism
branching haphazardly off the backs and carcasses of Bob's conquest.
See, this pit has become so wide and so full
that nobody can seem to see the other side of it.
Friends!
We stand here
before you, having stared into the abyss of our twisted souls.
And we have seen the true face of terror.
Who is that face?
Who is that face?
Who is that face?
That's right, friends.
It is Bob.
Yes, it's Bob!
Hey, Bob!
Friends, I must tell you I wouldn't give two shits
for what happens to this planet or the pink masses.
As a founding member of the AOTFC,
I am here to remind you that we are all gathered at these sacred grounds
for the same damn reason.
No matter what opinions we hold,
the divine pronouncement of Dobbs proclaims
we will be on the exorcist ships getting our eternal freak on
with the evil sex goddesses on their journey to hell and ice.
So long as we have our senses about us, what is it?
I know you know them, let's hear it!
Common sense, sense of humor, and dollars and cents!
Bob's seen my green, so I got nothing to worry about.
I'm in his...
He's in my corner, because I'm in his pocket.
Why should I care about the infighting, rivalry, and fumes?

I'm in the middle of a meeting with him in the church.
Fuck the pinks!
Leave them alone, or kill them all!
It just doesn't matter!
At this point, we're all nothing more than performing monkeys here
to tickle the twisted funny bone of the creatures of the carbon cosmos.
Bob sold it, we smoked it, and that settles it.
As you see,
we're so busy fighting over whose vision sounds better,
y'all seem to forget the best part in all this.
Sex with aliens.
Oh yeah, baby!
See, we're gonna be living it up,
way up in the motherfucking motherships,
getting our fancies tickled by the most exotic extraterrestrial intersexuals this galaxy has ever known.
So y'all keep your opinions.
Y'all keep your hate.
I know where I'm gonna be come the morning of the fifth.
Oh, it's gonna be one hell of a sight, folks.
Don't you see what I see?
From our world beyond our dreams
Visitors from some distant shore
Sleep and run.
And the vision
Day and night
Burn
And scream
Oh, I'll get it
Build the pizza away
Reach the trees and darken
The lines of smoke
And the lights of smoke
Soaring high
No where for them to run to anymore
Watch the group build annihilation
We'll be hell to pay
Maybe Red Horizon
we'll be Illumina
Our
parents
they shall travel
Not to Come
find us
We'll stay
here
no matter
our


Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Goodbye.
See ya.
Wouldn't wanna be ya.
Alright.
Enough of this silly shit.
Kill the fucking shit.
Stop.
