The Power of Swag

Yeah?
The numbers all go to 11.
Right across the board.
11, 11, 11...
Amps go up to 10.
Exactly.
You see, most blokes are gonna be playing at 10.
You're on 10 on your guitar.
Where can you go from there?
Where?
The Self-Genius Power of Swag.
I'm free.
Don't worry, dear.
I suppose worse things happen.
Aye, but not much worse.
If only we could get inside that special prime.
Come.
Come.
I will show you wonders you have never seen before.
Gee.
11.
I don't know whether I'm awake or dreaming.
My mind just won't accept.
But Albert...
What about Albert?
From PR News in Washington, I'm PR's moron.
President Donald Trump is back on the state-sponsored terrorism list.
The military seized control last Wednesday and placed Trump under house arrest.
And the President is hoping more PR news are expected to be announced soon.
Trump is showing no sign of voluntarily stepping down as President.
Like Chico and the man.
So many people are saying, well, that had better be the case.
The White House is indicating that this is a lie.
What I do know is the majority30lation of press will feel fear of Ace all over Twitter watching this...

PR News, friends, is always by Fernanda Nande, Lee Murrow, and so are our titles generally.
Read up on the personal events of two guests in the new year 2021 The gendered ladies on Facebook
and Twitter stuff리
acag.com
Heinz
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Ah, yes, dear friends, and that was the Rudy Schwartz Project.
And welcome to Hour of Slack number 1076.
No, 77. 1077.
1,677.
By golly, we'll get it right, given time.
And here's a rat.
With some music in the background by...
Spongle.
This is a rat not by me, but by Reverend Eddie Romanoff,
who may be a relative, because I am the last remaining heir to the Romanoff throne.
I hope he and I don't have to fight about that.
Anyway, he's a contributor to the Scrub Genius Forum,
and he's written a lot of really good stuff.
This...
And this one is called...
A New Working Definition of Subgenius.
Am I actually recording? Oh, good.
This hasn't been my day, friends.
Anyway, so, A Working Definition of Subgenius by Reverend Eddie Romanoff.
So, a copy of Angel Tech fell into my life today.
For those who don't know, it's a book by...
Antero Ali, who, as I understand it,
is a kind of latter-day, next-generation member of the
Tim Ginsburg, Leary, Robert Anton Wilson crowd.
He exists right at that junction point between the zones of legitimate psychology,
experimental theater, psychedelics, punk rock, discordianism, and chaos magic.
Just the introduction blew the top of my head clean off.
Oh, there it goes.
I haven't felt this enlightened since Bob smoked my pineal gland
and awakened within me the gospel of the true funk.
None of that really matters, except to say that it has awakened within me
a peculiar feeling that I've only felt a few times before.
Mostly the first time I read Howl.
Or On the Road.
Or Illuminatus.
Or, for that matter, the Book of the Subgenius.
It's a feeling of not quite knowing if what's just been laid out before you
is total and complete bull, or total and complete not-bull that just seems like bull
because of the bull that's been put on you by the con.
More to the point, it's like a...
a lot like feeling just not smart enough to really get it right.

To grok what you've just been told, but really wanting to go through with it anyway.
Of being a garden-variety weirdo in the presence of a real weirdo for the first time.
And that's when it hit me.
A subgenius is the Joe Sixpack of enlightenment.
The hillbilly in Shamballa.
The shortest tall person in the room.
The Jerry Snowman Reed to the Burt Bandit Reynolds of the glittering Illuminati.
Sure, they got the flashy car and all the chicks,
but we're the ones eastbound and down with a load of Bob's Own frothy triple-frop 12% IPA
direct from the land of the sky-blue waters for the cosmic dry county that is Trump's America.
Let us meditate on this.
Baba Free Eddie, The Mountain of Inattention 2018.
I have to say this, um, and I don't want you to think I was prying or anything, but...
I would never have come across them, of course, if I hadn't been tidying out the dirt and the filth that you left after yourself.
But I come across...
Well, a certain kind of literature, I suppose, if you could call it that.
Literature. It's not what I would call it, but...
That stuff you have back there in the cupboard.
I just happened to see it as I was hanging up your jacket.
Of course, it's completely your own business what you read, but...
I don't think...
I don't think we've ever had anything like that in the house before, and...
I wouldn't like to think that the people who stayed here read that kind of thing on a regular basis.
Well, yeah.
Look, I know you're a young man and you've got other interests and...
But I think that that's trash. I mean, that's what I think it is, is just trash and filth.
You probably think I'm...
Well, very old-fashioned and very nosy parkour.
I probably am, but I'm going to say it.
I mean, I've seen a lot of the world I've lived in.
I've seen people come and go here over the years.
Now, what tell me you...
What would persuade anybody to pose for those pictures?
I mean, what would persuade a woman to just show herself like that?
I can't imagine. I just can't imagine.
And I think to myself...
That you probably don't have too much in your life if you have to resort to this.
Of course.
I don't know what you use them for.
What you're keeping them a secret if you're keeping them in a box here.
Like you must be ashamed of them somehow.
And...
And...
There's no harm in having secrets.
Should we all have our secrets?
You write down some of yours too, don't you?
It is no shame to write your secrets down.
I've had thoughts like that myself, the things that you write.
We all have thoughts like that.
You know, I was reading for quite a while before I realized that it was...
That it was myself you were writing about.
I was reading for quite a while before I realized that it was...
I was going to close the book immediately then, but...
I was curious to see...
If we'd any...
I suppose thoughts in common.
I didn't know you were watching me so much.
I didn't know you were watching me so much.

It's strange...
It's strange...
To have somebody looking at you like that.
To have somebody looking at you like that.
And writing it all down.
And...
and you writing as if you could see right through my blouse.
There, you're in old sly boots, aren't you?
Hi.
Oh, look at me.
I'm shivering now.
I'm shivering.
That media barrage that you're about to hear,
and any that you already did hear,
were by Cool Hand Chris.
Cool Hand Chris has been taking our old stuff and redoing it
and mixing it in with other old and new stuff,
and it's great.
And maybe that's Dave.
Dave.
Hello?
Hello?
Why, Dave, you've made it.
How manly of you.
My testicles are a sight to behold.
I'm weighing more than ten stones in the island of Langham.
You know all that.
You can behold them yourself.
Behold?
Yeah, yeah.
You can behold them.
They owed me something?
You can hold those.
Those testicles.
You're nuts, man.
You're nuts.
You're crazy.
So.
Did you ever wonder in a sloppy moment
why such a ridiculous comparison was made?
You know, like squirrels have nuts and...
And are nuts?
Yeah, I buried sleigh dogs and so forth.
I got a couple of trumps down here
that you can take a good long gander at, buddy.
That's what I think of you.
Trumps?
Take a good look at my two big trumps.
So that's a real usage too, a trump?
It is now.
It is now on the Hour of Slack.
You know, I...
You know, I...
You can't replicate the body politic.
For the broadcast version...
You're intimidated.
For the broadcast version of the show, I replaced bad words with the word Trump or Trumps.
I'm not a Trump.




Or Trumped.
Or Trumping.
Oh, well, of course.
I'm sorry.
I forgot that.
Well, you don't hear that you probably...
I probably mail you the uncut shows.
Now you have lately.
You seem to think that somehow I've taken a more salacious turn in life
and would prefer to be known as a dirty dog swear man
or incendiary vomit to death.
You...
You know what the hell I'm talking about, don't you?
Oh, yeah, sure.
I always know what the hell you're talking about, Dave.
Hey, we got a review of your novel Neighbor World,
which hasn't been read by enough people.
But I gave a copy to Dr. G. Gordon Gordon,
who's one of the coauthors of the book The Subgenius from the very beginning get-go,
and one of my best pals.
And...
And the guy who is probably...
the guy who has given me more good hints about great books to read.
He turned me on to E.N.M. Banks and Neil Stevenson and a lot of great stuff.
And now he wants to turn everybody on to Neighbor World
because listen to what he says here, Dave, about you.
God damn.
The guy's a...
trumping...
genius.
William Gibson meets James Joyce.
Reading it slowly to enjoy it more.
Only on Chapter 3, but I just love it.
Best sci-fi read I have had in a long time.
You can't imagine what this means coming from this guy.
Duel.
This book should go mainstream, really.
If you talk to Dave, tell him old G. Gordon Gordon says,
he's fantastic.
I'm gonna recommend this to everyone who I think is smart enough to read it.
So, unfortunately, that's only about eight people.
But, uh...
But he's gonna recommend it to all of them.
Did Gordon Gordon say that?
Yes.
I'm highly... I'm highly evacuated.
That's wonderful.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, to me, I don't know... yeah.
Oh, he's a really good writer himself, but he's an even better ranter.
I did a show two weeks ago that was his interview that I recorded in Portugal,
which is where he and his wife live now much more cheaply than they can here.
And they have real good healthcare that's real cheap
and mass transit that's really efficient and a ton of good wine.
Yeah.
And I think that F.R.O.P. is even decriminalized there, but...
Yeah.
But it didn't do me any good.
It's a place that many are depatriotizing to for some weird reason.
It's cheap.
I remember when you first told me that G. Gordon Gordon had moved to beyond La Belle France
all the way up there to Gallegos in Porto Gallo.
And you told me this, and somebody just said, man, I'm gonna go...
I've also, during the same period of time,
I have people say they're going to other parts of the Mediterranean
because it's inexpensive and benign and it's governmental.
Well, it kind of helped that the Gordons lived in Brazil for 10 or 15 years
and speak fluent Portuguese.
That makes it a lot easier.
Yeah, because I was wondering if, like, you know, are you multi-fluent?
If you can speak both Spanish, you have to be able to speak...
I was wondering if many people in Portugal, I know they do,
speak Spanish also.
But what about those...
Well, it's just enough like Spanish to get you in a lot of trouble.
Yeah.
It actually is...
Like Italian and Spanish.
Because I got in trouble by thinking one word in Italian was the same in Spanish
because there's so many words that are alike.
Right.
And I got in trouble.
Well, I didn't actually get put in jail or anything, but there was...
Never mind, it's a long story.
Well, it's...
Portuguese in Portugal actually sounds more like Italian.
I kept feeling like I was in a Fellini movie walking down the street.
Does it have that nasal French thing going on there too?
It's more Italian-y.
I mean, it sounds sort of like Spanish with an Italian accent, except that it's not.
I mean, they're all, you know, weird variations of Latin.
I can read French, Italian, Portuguese, and Spanish.
Just enough to get myself in trouble.
Yeah, it can be troublesome too.
Do you think if it was like 1937 again, and we were rough brigands of the North, and we
decided to join the Spanish Civil War, and like in a movie or something like that, and
we'd go like jump off cliffs and slide sideways down the side of the hill and stuff like that,
and blow up trains.
That's...
Well, I mean, we wouldn't do that, but we'd watch it on some TV.
Smokey vacuous vision that reminded us of television.
Well, anyway, G. Gordon Gordon loved Neighbor World.
He's the best sci-fi critic I know of, and he thinks it's the best sci-fi he's read in a long time.
And I agree.
And people can actually get Neighbor World if you just type it into that little blank spot at the top of the browser.
It'll pop up on Amazon.com.
But it'd be better if you just go to subgenius.com because...
Well, just because.
There are lots of reasons, aren't there, Reverend?
There's all kinds of reasons for taking many, many venues and many things in the future.
And this might not be perhaps one of those that you see, Ari.
Many different visions in one.
Yeah, William Gibson, the cross with James Jordan.

But above and beyond all that, X Day's coming real soon.
In fact, this year, X Day, we're going to celebrate X Day and await the coming of the saucers kind of later in July.
We're not going to start until July 3rd.
And in fact, I'm still in Texas and may not be in Ohio until...
Well, I've got to get...
I have to be in Cleveland before...
Or I can go to Wisteria Campground to do X Day.
But, you know, we've run into some real snags here, Dave, in the real world.
I know it's really weird when that happens because it kind of sucks and it's hard to even describe because you feel as if you're powerless.
And then all of a sudden you feel like, you know, you can wheel the gas station truck to come over and fill up your tank while you're asleep.
You know?
Well, it's actually real easy to describe.
Wee maw maw, my mother-in-law, and I'll...
Well, really, I call her mom.
She fell down and kind of injured her seat bone.
And I don't want to...
I'm not sure how well she can handle five hours a day in a car.
We're going to check that out.
But she's still having a lot of trouble walking.
And I don't know if I want to transport this old lady that way.
And the dog, Buddy, had to go to the hospital.

And he was going for surgery on one of his paws because he had a little nub.
He'd been a wart or a little Dobbs head or something that was growing on his paw.
And he kept chewing at it.
And it was getting worse and worse and worse.
And the doctor said, let me just snip it right off as if that was easy.
And it probably was.
But what's hard is keeping the dog from chewing his bandages off and ripping the stitches off.
He's in the punishment cone.
He's got a cone on his head.
But it's not quite big enough.
I need a bigger cone.
But it's Sunday.
And the cone store is closed.
And the cone heads are all out of town.
So I've got this little dog that is requiring literally constant attention.
And that's why Princess Wee isn't on right now.
She's walking him.
Because otherwise all you'd hear in the background is her going, no, Buddy, no, stop, no.
We tried spraying his bandage with foul-tasting elixirs.
And like I say, he hasn't had a lot of fun.
He has a cone on.
But the cone isn't big enough.
And he can still get to it.
And you have to watch him every second.
And I've actually had to whack him a few times.
What is happening is he is starting to heal.
And like humans get itchy when they start to heal.
Oh, I can tell.
I absolutely, it's driving him nuts.
Yeah.
In fact, there's that word again, nuts.
But we gave him some of Dammit's leftover tranquilizers.
And that helped.
That bought me about half an hour.
But he was, he's, anyway, it's hectic.
And it's rough.
And we're supposed to be back in Cleveland already.
But I'm glad I'm not because they need me here.
And, but man, when we get back, I'm going to have to hit the road running.
I don't know how we're going to keep up with hours of slack with all the stuff I have to do.
To keep myself out of the poorhouse.
Because I've got to sell that house in Cleveland.
I've got to sell it quick.
But it's not ready to sell.
Just because now it's a case de pobresitos doesn't necessarily mean it can't be some kind of graciosos.
Well, just thank goodness the world ends July 5th.
Right.
Suddenly.
I don't know why I'm worried about it, but I always do anyway.
In fact, if I know me, I'll pay off all my bills before the world ends just out of spite.
If you can imagine kind of a reverse nobility spite.
It's like to screw the conspiracy by not screwing it.
By rising above it.
Because I'm going to burn all, I'm going to burn them all alive right after I pay those bills.
I could see like the comic book from the anarchist cookbook in 1940.
1945.
Where all those people like Emma Goldman and all those famous anarchists and collectivitis and so forth.
And they would meet in little taverns down in the Lower East Side of New York around Avenue A and B and stuff like there.
And that happened a hundred years ago and people still go down there and get drunk.
If you can imagine people with feet that big that could actually do that twice a day and not get caught.
Or at least too horny they can't envision a better future for all human beings.
Well not everyone gets to grow up to be a subgenius.
Some of them have to spaz down.
They have to release that vacuous ovals who condition ill.
Remember when we used to talk about all the condiments that doctors would use to fake out the police?
When they were smuggling heroin and mashed potatoes and greenway fudge and armpit gravy.
No.
And the mechanical shoes especially.
What do they need to smuggle all that?
Because of the coming civil revolution and the civil war between the apes and the have-nots.
And the syllabus and the...
I was going to say, is it going to be between the haves and the have-nots?
Because I have a feeling the have-nots aren't going to...
They're not going to have enough weapons.
Or lawyers.
And then real have-nots are going to have no weapons.
And then real have-nots are going to have no weapons.
And they're going to end up shooting themselves anyway just because the second amendment is right.
Didn't you ever read that in the...
Everyone has the right to shoot themselves or their children.
Accidentally.
While dancing.
Because it was a different world back then, you've got to remember.
So then you've got to forget that when you bring that up and try to resolve it.
Well actually when my dad was growing up, every kid learned how to shoot a gun when he was ten years old.
And most of them had guns.
And they actually went out and shot squirrels and actually brought them home and cut them up and ate them.
And that was perfectly normal.
However, they weren't using AK-47s and things like that to shoot at squirrels.
And they really were just shooting at squirrels.
They didn't hate women or their classmates or the libtards or the rumptards.
They just didn't hate...
Well actually there were people...
They were just going to get the...
There were people they hated and did terrible things to for no reason at all.
But it wasn't usually with guns.
No.
A hangman's noose was usually enough and torches and white hoods.
Yeah, the good old days, you know.
What they want to go back to.
Well, some types.
Well it certainly seems that way to me.
I don't know, I've been a medicine man.
I'm this here tribal preserve.
This indigenous nation of me, myself and I.
And we just finished up just over the last 45 minutes of powwow ritual.
It usually just involves one person, namely me.
I'm the elder and I'm also the trainee.
And I know all the moves and make them up as I go along.
Sometimes I have to because rhythm is very important when you try and draw down the moon.
Or the sun or any architectural vector.
That's just common knowledge.
Everybody who has a swing turn knows that.
Or can dream of.
Or something.
Yeah, it's common knowledge.
Everybody knows that.
What you just said.
Yeah.
If they don't, I'd just smack them and spite them and slap their mammies ten times.
Wouldn't you?
Those were quite the crazy days back then.
In Indiana.
Never mind, I'm sorry.
Never mind.
I'm sure it won't be long before people are talking about the good old days when you could just get water free without fighting for it or stealing it.
Or the good old days when it was under 130 in the shade.
Yeah.
The good old days when.
Is it Tera Blasco's right now?
There was a Florida.
Florida.
That's where you are.
Huh?
What?
What was it like today in Tejas?
Where you stand right now?
It finally reached 100 degrees today.
It did today so early.
It is a little bit early, isn't it?
Actually, they've been predicting it for a week.
And I was eager for it to happen because I wanted to test my air conditioning system in the shed.
I'm about to leave the shed to itself.
And only small window units will fit in the small windows.
I got a second window unit.
And when it's 100 degrees and the second window unit is on, it's only 80 degrees in the shed.
And that's fine for the film and old tape and all that.
There's a dehumidifier in there.
But yeah, that's the trick.
I've got this.
All of the Sogenius archives are in a nice insulated shed.
But it's in a shed.
And it's a shed in a place where it goes 100 degrees every day for three months.
And it's going to cost a lot to run those two air conditioners.
Which is another reason I've got to get rid of that stupid Cleveland house.
Anybody need a historic slacker mansion in beautiful Cleveland Heights?
Well, I'm not supposed to solicit things like that on the air.
But I have mentioned that before.
I know I have.
I would.
But it's a normal person's house.
So, therefore, you would be able to get it.
I would be asking three or four times what I would be capable of paying.
And I have been saving up my regiment of fruits and nuts and vegetables.
Each on a daily basis.
You know, you can only take two or three more carrots than you can hold.
Because if not, they'll get away and they'll come back and haunt you.
Just as you or some old hank yourself or something.
I don't know.
What?
Do carrots come back and haunt you?
What?
You can go back and...
A carrot's a one-celled critter just like a radish is.
It's just one cell.
That's not so.
And if you could somehow capture that in solar magnetism at the same time, you could go
back and forth into the future in the pasture.
That would be it for you.
I guess I should get more carrots and radishes.
And what do you do?
You make a time machine out of it?
What do you have to do?
Yeah.
You have to make a time machine that will...
Because that's the easiest that you can put anything back and forth in time.
But the problem is if you go ahead in time or back in time, even one second, the Earth
will have rotated out from under you and probably dropped far away.
Oh, yeah.
Or you'll be right in the center of it when you quit time traveling.
Because, I mean, what keeps you attached to the same place when you're floating around
through time?
See what my problem is?
It's the grace of Zeron keeps us floating in mid-air.
Well, I don't know if I agree with you, but I think for the sake and purposes of knowledge
of Athena, of wisdom, of Mithras, and the ancient globe, I would say yes, you are correct.
Well, I mean, I've read lots of sci-fi stories and the time machine is always in the same
place after it travels.




It travels through time, but the Earth itself is not in the same place from second to second.
It's hundreds of miles further along every second.
Yeah, that's a big amount to us, too.
Yeah, so you got to...
It's like, how are you going to calculate that?
It's like you can only travel in increments of an entire Earth's rotation around the sun,
like a whole year or something, and then you're back in roughly the same place, except for
one thing.
The sun is traveling thousands of miles per nanosecond through the ethers.
Everything is.
Everything's traveling.
It's just as jiggly as a dance.
Right, so how do you get your time machine to magnetize?
Do you put a magnet on it?
I think you need to tune it to the point...
The magnet, it detaches from time.
It won't stick.
Yeah, that makes sense also, but if you think in terms of light waves, that's a different

thing.
Being the end-all and be-all of wave furniture, you could magnetize a different wave form solution
and just kind of go into that part of it.
Actually, Dave, you know what Bob said about time control?
And it was kind of a sad statement because...
And that's why we don't advertise it much.
He actually said, and this is a remarkably sober thing for Bob to say.
All right.
I forgot what I was going to say.
That was what he said.
But he also said, the only time control we have open to us is patience.
I guess you could say, or magic, but...
Oh, so you got to go back to med school just to get a few people hungry on the earth while
a gravy magnet gets snow to speak?
Well, no, you just have to trust in Bob and believe that he's got enough magic to...
Patience and doctors, that's all I can hear.
Oh, I see.
It sounds like some kind of medical scammer he wants as usual in America.
Doctors for Bob once said that, what you really said, but Bob said, is you have to have patience.
Yeah, if you kill enough of your patients, then it's like a sacrifice and you can travel
ahead in time as far as you want.
The problem is that you age while you're doing it.
Yeah.
And it doesn't happen any faster.
I remember you talking about...
And so the kind of patience that Bob was talking about was forbearance.
Yeah, forbearance.
Mm-hmm.
Being, having a zen-like attitude towards the irritating passage of time, which has
been irritating my lower back with arthritis.
I'm not looking forward to the car trips.
You sound like a hairy old man right now.
I am.
I'm a real hairy old man.
Like a earthly person.
I'm...
Well...
Confirmed and convinced in his quintessential existential gravy, the very bottom most essential
part of his being, that somehow cripes in the form of Bob's log or...
J.R. Bud Dog.
Yeah.
The one pod hound dog.
Yeah, Grandpa Dog.
...will save you from any...
Give you haunted refuge and flavored different kind of barbecue, you know, like pork rinds
and stuff.
Yeah, I don't get to eat any of those.
You can want to, though.
Oh, yeah, I do.
I do want to.
But I don't.
I had one bite of a brisket hot dog yesterday.
One bite.
Can you imagine being able to just have one bite?
Well, of course.
You know, you did well.
You did well.
You took one bite.
You even tortured and tempted Vamp, the creators of the universe in sideways myth rhythms and
stuff like that.
You took all of her randomness right out of her with that.
Well, I'm just trying not to have another heart attack, that's all.
Well, that's a worthwhile goal.
So, yeah, man.
X days are coming.
Maybe some subgeniuses will go, by golly, what if this is the last X day?
Listen, Reverend Stang just signed up for Medicare.
That means he's probably going to be dead in no time.
Nobody else is going to do that.
Nobody else is going to go to the trouble of setting up that pulpit and those speakers
and things.
When old Reverend Stang goes, I'm not going to be able to go to the next day.
Maybe I should go this year.
Maybe this is the year that the world's going to end and everything will be fine.
Hunkus Dorus.
But probably they won't.
They'll probably say, well, now I could go, but I really kind of need to save my money
up for the drugs and rent.
I don't really have to go to X day this year.
I'm sure Bob wouldn't just surprise us by having the world end on one July 5th.
That happens to be the real 1998.
Well, I think what it is.
It's 1998 as he prophesied.
Right.
Exactly.
And what if you were to wake up one morning and you were to find out that world in 1998,
backwards from 89, which we meant the cocktail, the crock.
You're left behind.
You're left behind.
We're left behind.
That would mean the same thing as E equals no ridiculous motion.
Hey, Dave, are you familiar with those left behind books that Christians love so much
about all the idiots that weren't saved and got left behind in the rapture?
There's all the cool cartoon art in there.
Well, not the ones I'm thinking of.
The ones I'm thinking of, it's just a bunch of holier than thou people get to mock all
the libtards basically that didn't go to heaven with them.
But our friend, Reverend John Shirley, the science fiction writer, just finished a new
book that is like the reverse flip around answer to that.
Now I suddenly can't remember the title of it.
The New End, Another End.
Anyway, it's the end of the world done right.
And instead of happening from a right winger's point of view, it's kind of like a new world
from an enlightened person.
Right.
It's like a Gurdjieffian point of view.
And John Shirley actually is a big Gurdjieff fan.
Or a Uspensky perhaps.
Perhaps a Madame Blavatsky or a Uspensky.
It's like these higher intelligences come and kill the bad guys.
They literally kill all the serial killers and murderers and politicians and evil generals
and bad cops and child rapers.
And father rapers and all that.
They just die.
Then there's a second round of the world ending where, okay, people know something's going
on, so maybe they better learn to repent, quit their job and slack off.
And the ones who don't get left behind.
And the ones who do move on 20,000 years into the future to the new earth that's been regrown
after the left behind people completely blew it up and killed each other.
So I just spoiled the great story, but it is a fantabulous John Shirley new book and
was a fun read with his latest collection of short stories which are his most evil and
sick writings.
So it was like a novel of hope.
It's kind of a send up of the book.
It's a left behind books.
And then an anthology of hopelessness that was so sick.
There's one story in there that I will not let my wife read.
It ends with an image that she doesn't need in her head and neither do you, Dave.
Well, I'm glad this is just as hell to be without, especially since I think right now
at this particular moment in time, you should be thinking about Neighbor World.
Yeah, about that too.
Hey, I'll tell you what, why don't you, I'm going to run upstairs.
I want you to talk to the audience about Neighbor World for about one minute while I run upstairs
and get John's book so I can give the proper endorsement.
Okay.
So just start talking.
You know I ain't going to be able to do it.
I'll listen to it later.
Just keep talking, Dave.
All right.
I'll trust you.
Well, it's about, let's see, it's about 2038, something like that.
And everything's gone swimmingly except for the whole book.
The whole globe, I'm not talking about the one you might like, where there's a hairpiece
or a frog necklace or something like that.
But the whole world is just gone, is a part of this huge network that's like a combination
of the network of internet and social media and television and everything's all combined
into one thing.
It's also the interface, the interface between your, oh, I better talk about somebody else
if I'm going to start speaking.
So I've been no longer using that any longer.
I've been Amazon Prime trip to Thailand.
I love that.
It's the best that I've ever heard.
Well, Dave, I wasn't, I just wanted, I wasn't able to put things into the box such
as the white globally so that people don't get mad at��, I think, about that because

And on that note, yeah, definitely discussing it.
The English spoken really has taken an interesting place in a lot of the eight years, working

Wait till I dive again.

run to get a neighbor world to read my own blurb off the back of it although I suppose you should
have a copy of it that you could read that blurb off of but I ran up to get John Shirley's two
books The Other End that's the hopeful end of the world it's really spectacular The Other End by
John Shirley it's a send-up of Left Behind The Other End and his most extreme short story
collection is called In Extremis In Extremis and it has three subgenius short stories that are
really sick and then some that are even sicker so the John Shirley's The Other End and In Extremis
two extremely opposite books I mean really opposite one is really full of love and hope
and is full of hate and terror and ugliness neighbor world is full of
an intense paranoia about the where we're going with the media and the internet
and is sort of like a Fellini movie meets Billy Jack meets William Gibson meets Neil Stevenson
meets
Anthony Burgess meets Franz Kafka meets the Firesign Theater and Warner Brothers cartoons
and they call it a cluster yeah how's that how's that for a description of Neighbor World well it
was a cluster because it included numerous violations of the ethical code but didn't
excuse me I was trying to swallow a fly um it didn't come from the more
um perhaps
um perhaps



been beat up um did mai and which are to survives



iggle was quite a mouthful of just the basis for the stuff that increases attractiveness.
uh-huh
global swarming the tarantulas are swarming and uh i'm heading heading down to the
veterans administration to uh protest we also the snakes are out too uh princess we did i mention
on this show that princess we while i was gone of course the snakes were afraid while i'm here
but i was gone in portugal for five days and two nights in a row princess we had rattlesnakes in
the backyard in fact she opened the door and the rattlesnake was right there at the door and stuck
her head in and princess we slammed the door screamed first then slammed the door on the snake
and it pushed the snake out and she didn't go outdoors for like three days after that
which which was rough on buddy too but of course once i came back the snake
oh reverend stangs back we heard about what he did to that copperhead our cousin
with that shovel and that machete so we're gonna we're gonna steer clear old
reverend stangs ranch when he's around when that pretty lady's there you could probably
use some sort of like a psychotropic um you know nuclear warfare on them well you know i don't
i don't have the right kind of gun yet i need a gun that shoots knives
that's what i need a gun that shoots knives and chili powder that would be great because you could
do like two or four different things at one time oh and yeah because it would they'd sneeze while
they were dying yeah but i don't know that i want you know i'm not it's not that i hate snakes not
even poisonous snakes they all have a place in god's creation
the non-venomous snakes have the place of eating the baby poisonous snakes i'm real careful about
which snakes are hit with shovels yeah like in florida what did they the coral snake and then
there was this common other snake they were exactly the life except he had to know how to
count the different bands of black on red never dread black on yellow kill the fella
we have we have coral snakes
here too but what i saw a great big snake in the road the other day it was a it was so peaceable
looking and it had such a narrow instead of broad head that i had time to stand there
next to it practically googling pictures of snakes and i ascertained that it was a harmless
corn snake that would eat rodents and baby rattlesnakes
so i i spared it however my
nephew around the corner down the road ran into it the next day and shot it just because he hates
snakes he didn't care what kind of snake it is and he grew up here he should know the difference
between your friendly snake and your unfortunate snake and neither one of them hate you both of
them just leave you would have to be happily leave you alone yeah many of these different
things that we think we're supposed to shoot with a shotgun and stuff are actually holding up the
pillars of evolution
you know the world we live in the ecosphere and stuff well that's not going to be here much longer
that's all that's over with dave you'd be glad we're going to be dead in 20 years i mean seriously
do you really want to be reading about the last mountain gorilla
because you will be if you live too long yeah but that's what humans didn't understand if you
kill everything off that includes you you know includes mankind oh we'll try to explain that to
the average person
well god they god did tell them that everything grows back within a couple weeks
everything does grow back but it's not the same form of animal when it finally comes back
five million years later to fill that niche yep a turn a turnover uh yeah they say there's some
strange critters living around there well it's interesting that there's anything living there
there's it's very rich with life mutant life mutant life yeah speaking of mutant life we have to go
we've actually been on the phone for a while and there's other stuff on the show that's already been
played but we did talk we did we did dutifully talk about neighbor world and x day and we
mentioned bob oh did i tell you i got i got dr howell's plane ticket that's our biggest expense
at x day and he's also going to be on the show for a while so we're going to be talking about that
he's going to be at starwood he's going to be out there with us for two weeks straight because
starwood festival follows x day it'll be on my escape saucer because the world would be destroyed
but either way why doesn't he just drive his mercedes benz towards you sometime instead of
making you pay for a ticket he could just get in his 2017 yeah rolls royce and just have his driver
take you in the him in the air uh you know it's a
it's a well-paying job being a doctor or a minister of the church of the subgenius
oh you're huge oh god we pay so great well just think isn't isn't that a texas preacher
who's trying to pray his way into getting the fourth airplane or something they're all doing
that even i'm doing that yeah but i just i just know i just want a second car that works in the
news right as far as what's trending you know that uh that there's some some
there's some preachers good money-grubbing preachers and nothing new i think jesus had
something to say about them yes i believe he did i believe he walked into their false
temple and just started kicking over tables full of money just like bob came on that construction
site started kicking over all those chem toilets going why are you hiding in in this little sticky
closet to do a natural thing be a natural man like me and he pulled down his britches and just
let go right there
and all them hard hats they threw their hard hats up in the air and they all did the same thing and
followed suit and then uh they were all fired and the company hired a bunch of scabs come in and
clean up all the poop but so the moral of the story is only bob can get away with that poop
but but dave really we need to go time flies swiftly on that shower note
um
either the guy's a wimp or he's a schmuck
you know anybody who is who has ever been nice to me has been such a wimp
that i just wanted to kick him in the face
i got married to one of those uncaring guys after i rejected one of these super caring guys
and i'll tell you i don't know which one was worse i don't know which one was more disgusting
i'd rather be alone
i can't be bothered it's not worth it
i have a dog who is more understanding than any man i've ever been with
he's cozier if my dog could drive he'd be perfect now when i want to go somewhere i have to drive
and he has to sit in the passenger seat that's that's the that's the only drawback as far as i'm
concerned i don't know if i'm going to be able to drive if i'm going to be able to drive if i'm going to be able to drive
shut up
i'm over sex i did all the sex i needed to last me for the rest of my life you know and you know
there are always ways around that if you really get desperate i don't happen to be desperate at
the moment and i feel like i'll never be desperate again
and i'd much rather talk to a woman any day of the week
you know or to one of my gay friends
who are gay
are so much funnier and sillier and they like all the things i like
you know i don't have a problem being alone i i'm so busy that
i look forward to the times when i'm alone
and it's such a relief not to have to pick up after somebody and try to please somebody you
know and look good for somebody and worry if they're gonna
you know i don't have a problem being alone i'm so busy that i look forward to the times when i'm alone
and i'm like you know what i'm not gonna do
i'm gonna abandon you or smother you or talk you to death or freeze you out or you know take up all your space
or leave you alone
when someone's getting rid of you you feel like
the lowest ugliest oldest stupidest most boring
klutz-y being that ever walked the earth
that no one will ever care about you again that you'll never care about yourself again that
that your skin is raw and your heart is raw and and you just feel like the whole
air has gone out of your life that you that you can't breathe that you're gonna drown that
that you're gonna live in darkness for the rest of your life and and you can't let
go and you cling and you clutch and it's like dying. I can't imagine ever going through
that again. It was so horrible. But now when I look back on it, I think, what was that?
I'm so happy now. I come and go. My time is my own. I eat what I want. I love that. I
was trying to please think about the food and about the clothes and about the hair.
My time was never my own. I was always looking at my watch and running, oh, if I do this,
if I want to work late, I can't. If I don't want to make love with me, then there's something
wrong with me. There was always something wrong with me or something I couldn't do.
And now everything's right with me.
That's how I feel.
And that's how I intend to feel for the rest of my life. I just, I don't know what happened.
It's like somebody, I had this horrible boil and somebody just popped it. You know, I just,
it's gone. I don't care. Relationships are just too hard. Why get involved in some kind
of a horrible world?
I don't know. I just want to be alone. I don't want to be with anyone. I want to be by myself.
That's how I was born. That's how I want to live. That's how I want to die.
Excuse me, I was just leaving.
Excuse me, I was just leaving.
Excuse me, I was just leaving.
I hate to derail your train of thought.
Sorry to interrupt in mid-sentence for you.
Hammer and nail me to the spot.
Well, excuse me, I was just leaving.
I used to be the lover that you celebrate.
Now I'm just someone you barely tolerate.
I hate to leave the house in such a mess.
But that's what happens when you bleed to death.
And baby, yes, I gotta go.
Oh, no, no.
Oh, no.
Excuse me, I was just leaving.
Baby, I'm leaving.
Excuse me, I was just leaving.
Excuse me, I was just leaving.
Excuse me, I was just leaving.
Love has a way of hanging around.
Long after kindness has left town.
Sorry to come between you and your demons.
Excuse me, I was just leaving.
Excuse me, I was just leaving.
Yeah, I gotta go.
Excuse me, I was just leaving.
Oh, no, no, no.
Excuse me, I was just leaving.
Baby, I'm leaving.
Excuse me, I was just leaving.
Excuse me, I was just leaving.
Excuse me, I was just leaving.
Excuse me, I was just leaving.
Excuse me, I was just leaving.
Excuse me, I was just leaving.
Uh, Bob Walkenhorst from a solo album called Beginnings.
Just leaving.
Don't hang up.
Okay.
Cause even though the broadcast,
Okay.
Just even though the broadcast,
version of the show just ended.
Now we can talk frankly to the internet crowd
Now we can talk frankly to the internet crowd
about how what they really should do with their $35
about how what they really should do with their $35
is add another $14 to it and buy not only their
is add another $14 to it and buy not only their
SubGenius membership but a copy of the
the Neighborworld science fiction novel.
and science fiction is,
it's science fiction in the same way that
it's science fiction in the same way that
Kurt Vonnegut is science fiction.
And then we have,
you don't actually find Vonnegut's stuff in the science fiction section.
You see it in the literature section, although he thought he was writing science fiction at the time.
So they're old buddies' home.
Anyway, friends, yeah, if you look at subgenius.com, there's a link to right up at the top,
all the places you can spend money.
Neighbor World and Book of the Subgenius is still in print.
And the subgenius memberships and Arise video DVD and a bunch of other DVDs and T-shirts, all that stuff.
And X-Day.
And if you click on the Hour of Slack link, every time you read about a new show,
it shows the links for the poor, struggling subgeniuses that need your charity donations,
such as podcasting.
Pope Sternodocs, who just had an operation for kidney cancer
and is waiting to see what else is going on with him.
And Anna Moll, who lost her worldly possessions to a flood, a water accident.
And my little niece, Claire, who has a dread condition called EDS that's really bad.
And so when you help.
When you help my niece, you're actually helping Church's subgenius.
I don't have to give her as much as much charity myself, you see.
Anyway, yesterday was her birthday, by the way.
And that was why I ate that one bite of brisket hot dog.
Well, that is it.
That was a damn swell idea.
As far as I am concerned.
I was just thinking about the great apes.
Central Africa, like the wildebeest,
gerrymongrels,
the connectivated tissues of all the miscreants.
You were just talking about connectivated tissues, weren't you?
Yeah, that was about ten shows or years ago, I think.
Yeah, at least in the mountainous lands of Agoura,
where my ancestors came from originally.
They never really were very original people.
Well, they were.
They were rather steadfast and bold.
You know, that's not the right phrase.
I meant, like, not very creative.
Boring.
It's not a faction that you could find in the Church today now,
if you were to go to Hungary, say, in the magic year of 1358,
and look up some kind of refugee party action that's going on there.
You'd be sure.
That a phenomenon like Bob Dobbs would be sometimes necessary.
And would sometimes be necessary.
There you go, friends.
And that's hour of slack number 1,677.
There, I said it right that time.
Okay, Dave, now I'm going to go,
and it's because I've had the air conditioner off for an hour to record stuff,
and it's sweltering.
It's just...
It's sweltering.
You have your swollen little nipple.
In one hour.
No, they're shrunken in the heat.
In just one hour, it became really noticeable.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And the upstairs, we have two units.
The upstairs has to be handled by a different air conditioner machine and heater.
I had to get that repaired last week, too.
Thank goodness it was a cheap repair.
It was just that the drain wasn't draining right.
And the guy showed me how to unclog the drain pipe, and everything's fine now.
It only cost me $100 for him to show me that.
Well, that's good.
That's amazing.
So...
Have anybody do anything for...
Right, he actually...
Oh, and we had a little fender bender with the car.
It was the kind of thing that a body shop would charge you $1,000 to fix.
Well, my nephew, the snake-killing nephew, happens to also be an expert.
He's a car mechanic.
And he walked over and just took a...
To look at it, and he fixed it with his bare hands.
He just reached underneath and forced all the metal back into shape.
He's going to get, like, a blow-up doll, rubber blow-up pool toy or something,
and insert it behind that thing and then pump it up a little bit more to fill it out completely.
And, yeah, that's what they charge you $1,000 for.
What one guy can...
One muscly guy can do by sticking his hand underneath the bent fender
and physically using his own strength, pounding it back out.
You can hardly tell, except for the scratches, you can hardly tell what happened.
And I don't want to say.
It wasn't me, though.
Well, I wasn't the pilot.
You were the exchange student.
I was still in bed.
Anyway, Dave, we have to go.
I have to go, and you have to go, and I'm going to turn on the A.C.
Okay, turn it on, man.
And we'll sell some Neighbor Worlds, by God, if we keep not shutting up about it.
By God, by God, somehow, it says.
