The Self-Genius Hour of Squash
Nothing is real
From PR News in Washington, I'm making an unauthorized disclosure to reporters and then lying about it.
Authorities say about 400 people have died.
President Trump's attorney is making an unauthorized PR News in retaliation for British diplomats and Britain's ground attacks to retake the Lama Gouda.
Leaving with only the PR News they could carry on their backs.
PR reports about 5,000 people have wolves.
Authorities say this is PR.
The National Transportation Safety Board failed to inflate.
Because of that, there's been inbreeding and disease in the PR News population.
Authorities say about 25,000 people have cars.
Four people have the probe.
150,000 marchers are making PR News.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
And what have we here?
The Dobstown Mirror, Volume 2, Number 4, from October of 23AX.
The Dobstown Mirror, Volume 2, Number 4, from October of 23AX.
What the conspiracy called 2021 AD.
And we're catching up.
There's actually been another big issue since this big issue.
But this has a wonderful rant by Dr. Uncle Reverend Onan Kanabite.
Who actually composes most of the writings in the Dobstown Mirror.
Which you can get if you study.
subgenius.com or dobbs.town.
Anyway, here's a really nice rant about the subgenius secrets of mind control.
We'll be covering such topics as going scoff line,
separate the heaps and the oats,
selling outcasts,
time control must always go awry,
you take if you can't joke a mob,
courage and shuffle the cards,
and finally, why tell only one small lie?
The Church of the Subgenius is the premier mail-order mind control cult on the market today at this price range.
From the sales and salvation seminars delivered by J.R.
Bolling,
Bob Dobbs in the 1950s,
to the faith franchise of the 1980s,
to the globe-crushing internet temple of the 21st century,
no other cult lets you keep as much of your mind as the Church of the Subgenius.
Our members are well-fed and well-adjusted.
We don't have to tell lies to build ourselves up.
It's a choice.
Bob doesn't miss a trick, although he has been known to be a genius.
He's known to trick or miss.
Any number of would-be rivals stand ready to receive your renumerance.
They try to rant, but it's only so much diatribe from the diaper tribe.
Rant, as a noun with positive connotations, that's ours.
We are a bunch of hicks, fueled with the fire of hick-estential wisdom.
You, each of you, have paid to know what you read.
You have bought your membership.
You have listened to the Hour of Slack.
You have memorized the pamphlet.
And you have hung a Dobbs head in your bathroom.
You are a zombie for Bob.
His potent phrases are a perpetual part of your pattern.
Your sacrifice and your zeal have not gone unnoticed.
You took the time to show up.
Your mind is not your mind, and you don't mind.
Good!
Having rendered yourself a clean slate, you may now scribble inside the skull of another.
Listen.
Attention.
Here are the subgenius secrets of mind control.
That time and effort you've spent writing emotional invoices that'll never be paid,
you are now free to hit delete and get on with things.
No more need to rehearse your wounds.
No more need to practice your problems.
When you thought to yourself, I just can't think about this anymore,
you were right.
Stop.
And think about something else.
Try Bob.
If the function of language was to communicate, we would have one language.
Instead, we have hundreds of languages and thousands of dialects,
all to make sure that we have a common language.
However, only certain people are in the know.
The function of language is to separate people into groups.
So, just so, the function of the Church of the Subgenius is to separate people into groups.
Us and them.
They want to be us, but they are merely the pauper otzi.
I can't stand my own self sometimes, so if another person doesn't like me,
they're in the best of company.
It rankles if they don't like me for no good reason.
That's my job.
But usually there's reason enough, and blessings to them as they go their own way.
And if some of my friends don't get along, I'm not going to ask that they do.
Not that we necessarily hate each other, but you know in your heart that superior mutants are not interchangeable.
We stand apart together.
Alone as one against the great equality of the conspiracy.
Membership in the Church of the Subgenius can be purchased at the swag table,
where a swagger will be more than happy to fill your order to join our order.
And not just once.
You can buy a membership for your every mood.
Sometimes you might hear,
Oh, but my girlfriend isn't a subgenius.
Or, oh, but my cow orker isn't a subgenius.
Or, oh, but those people I hate aren't subgeniuses.
At last you can do something about it.
Involuntarily save the soul of your most reluctant family member and most bitter enemy when you buy them memberships too.
Everyone you hate has you in common.
So either save them or ship them out.
Either buy their membership in the Church of the Subgenius or stop, drop, and roll.
What good is an enemy you never defeat?
Or let go of, but merely feel anxious about?
Whoop it or go down.
Pee or get off the pot.
Kill me or kill me.
Even a blind watch can smell when it's truffle time twice a day.
Homeopathic wisdom says all things are connected.
But subgenius science tells us all things are not.
Equally connected.
When you got turned down for that date, it should ruin your evening, but not your life.
When the meritocracy is replaced with crazy merits, it's just as awful as it looks, but it doesn't involve you.
The pinks ruin everything cool, and the conspiracy runs everything cold, but you are not they.
They are them, and you are us.
Me too.
When you find yourself in the blackest night and think that you are all alone.
Maybe you are.
But you can be the dork before the dawn.
Go luck yourself.
Turn on the dehumanifier.
Get smashed on a pinata collider.
And send one dollar.
Every subgenius radiates the entire church like cartoon stink lines.
Once you've turned over your worldly possessions,
to the subgenius foundation,
you don't need us anymore.
It wasn't an accident that brought you to Dobbstown.
It was clandestiny.
Bob puts the wince in coincidence.
It isn't always fun to be a subgenius, and neither is anything else.
Well, except vengeance.
That's always fun.
But besides that,
you now know that you can pack up those troubles
in an old kit bag and kill, kill, kill.
Kill boredom.
Kill pinkness.
Kill, kill.
Charles Manson said,
you can't kill, kill.
But you can.
You're better than Charles Manson, Adolf Hitler,
and Kim Jong Un combined.
That's not flattery.
It's truth.
Let those who have eyes see it.
Let those who have ears hear it.
Let those who have cash buy it.
These words have amused all of you,
but some of you know what I mean at a whole other level.
It isn't enough to know your religion.
You have to believe it.
And right in the middle of believe is lie.
L-I-E.
It's right there in black and white.
Look at it.
Belive.
I began this sermon by promising to reveal to you
the secrets of time control.
If you can't remember me saying that,
it's proof that what I've described actually works.
Whatever now means now,
you have now entered a new time stream
and are hereby absolved from all prior obligations and doubts.
You have a new history,
one of your own design,
and will now proceed accordingly.
What you do with your freedom was predetermined.
But it was predetermined by you.
You are the person you've been saving yourself for.
You are the one subgenius still able to save this cult
from collapsing into self-parody.
You are who you think you are.
So get to thinking.
Praise Bob.
And that's from the Dobstown Mirror,
from dobs.town.
You can write to Onan Canobite at P.O. Box 3,
Columbus, Indiana, 47202.
And yes, I did say P.O. Box 3 in Columbus, Indiana.
And oh, what the subgenius foundation wouldn't give
to have P.O. Box 808 instead of 807
in Glen Rose, Texas, 76043.
But that Yarbrough guy has it.
And friends, the music in the background
was Einstein's Secret Orchestra,
the album called Witch Disco.
It's basically Chaz and Dave
and Michelle George plays the electric violin,
Bob Mosick on percussion,
and John Petkovic helped with the synthesizers.
It's mostly Chaz on the synthesizers.

And now this.
They eat me foul.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.

Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Now what else have we here in the Dobbs Town mirror from last October of the conspiracy year 2021?
Subgenius Salamagundi.
Well, these are a bunch of little paragraph long bits.
Like this one.
And this is a true story.
A homeless man wandered into the room at an early devival of the Church of the Subgenius.
He seemed to have something to say and so the microphone was given to him to speak.
Here's what he said.
If I can't whoop it, I'll go down.
I know the man by Mr. Fletcher in Dallas, Texas.
And he's a good man, except that he don't buy me two glasses of Fletcher's beer.
And I said, I love you, boy.
And I'm going to tell you, if I can't whoop it, I'll go down.
All right, man.
Here's your woman.
He's going down.
Why?
Because it was said in a subgenius context, it instantly became gospel truth for those who want it to be that and part of the joke for those who want it to be that.
If I can't whoop it, I'll go down.
It doesn't even have to make sense.
Because, friend, when does belief ever make sense?
Now, you know, it's kind of fun to see that good homemade pie.
Ask any waitress and she'll tell you that the small cube of cigarette ashes makes the wonderful difference in flakiness.
Rub a cigarette butt in the palm of your hand.
You'll feel the fleas drop off immediately.
They puff, bubble, and turn into the kind of crust every cook is proud to bake.
Get several packages.
For some unexplained reason, the General Motors Research Laboratories have recently issued a bulletin that adds tenderness and flakiness to your pie crust.
You know, the kind you make every time when you use dry snuff and then brush it thoroughly into the hide.
Well, I guess that should keep you busy over the weekend.
This is the radio network.
Taking a disadvantage and muddling through, or turning it to some small advantage, or taking the bump so the disadvantage stops with you and doesn't get passed on.
This is the way to slack.
Oh, go on!
Do me in, you bastard cowards!
We don't want to live anyway!
Not in a stinky water like this!
Oh?
And what?

So stinking about it?
It's a stinky water because there's no law nor order anymore!
It's a stinky water because it lets the young get onto the old.
Look at you, dog!
Oh, it's no water for an old man any longer!
What sort of water is it at all?
Men on the moon and men spinning around the earth?
And there's not no attention paid to earthly laws?
Oh, no, no more!
Oh, oh, dear God!
I thought for thee I was!
In the U.S. today, one of every ten high school seniors uses marijuana daily.
Thirty-five percent of all students use drugs at least once a month.
It isn't all the illicit, illegitimate market that's the problem.
We have a panacea in America that is a clear, causable problem.
Like any cult worth the name, the Church of the Subgenius has a time-tested and true history of brainwashing.
Using our simple techniques, you can be what you won't.
Yes, you, friend, can be what you won't.
The Zen-like, Tend-like method has cleared the minds of thousands.
Unpleasant memories?
Rewrite them how you want.
Who's to know otherwise?
Forgive your transgressors or imagine bloody revenge.
It's all the same when it's in your head.
Tell yourself good lies for a change.
This will bew disciplined your brain.
Once you find out it isn't a secret you know, you run, you image senseless, you take no Storage.
And last but not least, aberwow when your ex-girlfriendي
well you know it almost seems gonna blow my bones and I'm just gonna use you with let me be real honest.
My first thought was I'm the kind of scumbag always complaining!
You know it took me about a year to start hating talk radio.
You know it's really sad.
I could hate victims.
I'm the only one that feels this way.
We're here to, uh, um, we are hearing, we are hear, we are hearing 9-11 suckers.
All shut up!
I mean, you know, let me be real honest.
To understand the concept of different infinities,
listen to people, including yourself, brag of their misfortune.
To understand the concept of zero, find what everyone agrees is fair.
Any pictures, father?
Just you wait till our daddy hears about this.
He'll come and he'll block the whole castle.
Takes them away to the tower.
To the tower.
Nasty, horrid, mean old blake.
And very ugly.
Oh, she's going. She's going.
She's going.
Political power comes out of the stem of a pipe,
said J.R.
Bob Dobbs at the Nixon-Mau afterparty.
Once you decided who is a sinner, you are a winner.
If the sinner do sinful things, then you were right.
If the sinners do neutral things or were good things,
well, that's just how sneaky and seductive those sinners really are.
Politics will never serve as naturally and effectively as religion.
You want to know why?

You want to hear more on religion?
Well, have I got a moron religion for you.
Join the Church of the Subgenius.
Today's goal is to not be today again.
Good luck, everybody.
And now this.
Now, less than four minutes from right now.
Today we do have tonight and tomorrow,
then a Thursday through Friday on Saturday.
I-94 eastbound at Greenfield
and U.S. 23 southbound between New York and New York.



Between Grand Blanc and Thompson Road, still possible.
Eight-mile road westbound at I-75, reported along that stretch.
And it is probably Wayne Road at I-94 and I-280.
Between I-75 and State Road 795,
it is completely possible through the end of this month.
We'll have scattered today.
Otherwise, tonight is hanging in there.
Good chance for Wednesday.
And the extended outlook Friday climbing out of Thursday across the region.
Expect Washington for Detroit.
Less than four minutes from now.
Right now.
Thank you, Leemur, for the mini-collage barrage materials.
Next, another new Rubik's Cube song from Songs for Time Travel.
This one entitled,
Cats Are My Shorter Purse Sav.
Cats Are My Shorter Purse Sav.
Cats Is My Shorter Purse Sav.

Cats Are My Shorter Purse Sav.
Cats Are My Shorter Purse Sav.
Cats Are My Shorter Purse Sav.
Cats Are My Shorter Purse Sav.
Cats Are My Shorter Purse Sav.
Cats Are My Shorter Purse Sav.
Cats Are My Shorter Purse Sav.
Cats Are My Shorter Purse Sav.

Cats Are My Shorter Purse Sav.

Cats Are My Shorter Purse Sav.
Cats Are My Shorter Purse Sav.
Cats Are My Shorter Purse Sav.
Cats Are My Shorter Purse Sav.
I got somebody short of a sider
I got somebody short of a
Cats are my short of a sider
Cats are my short of a
Cats are my short duration personal saver
Cats are my short of a sider
Cats are my short of a sider
And if you don't believe me, let me tell you something right meow.
A very purty, purty cat song from Rubik's Cube.
That's not the only song about cats on that album.
Songs for Time Travel, which is on Bandcamp, and I bought it.
I understand about the cats.
Princess Wee and I have three cat brothers here that we found as abandoned kitties.
Their names are Dolomite, Middle, and Starlord.
They helped raise our rescued Belgian Malinois puppies,
and now sometimes sleep with their heads in the mouths of those two now-huge dogs, Yeti and Chupi.
We like cats and dogs.
And Fossil House here is now like a cross between a workshop, a barnyard, a hospital, and a museum.
And a house.
Another thing we like is burgers.
Although I'm only allowed to eat a few burgers a year since my heart attack.
So this upcoming song by Bob Walkenhorst is rather poignant to me.
Just for the miss lee-aste of spending a night in odd備
As anything else in the conversation with this song are praises.
Tell us what you like when you're a completely wooden cat.

And As México Nava,
And Sure enough,



Ketchup and mustard, tomatoes, if you please
And onions and pickles, don't forget the cheese
We'll slap it on a bun, on a wave we all run
Howdy ho, howdy hey, cook me a burger today
I don't care what the people downtown are saying
I don't listen no more
I don't care what clothes the city girls are wearing
I just wanna make it on my own
I just wanna go home
I just wanna go home
Once Mabel and Daddy is ready
Making their living the American way
We're more than proud that we do it that way
We're more than proud that we do it that way
Won't you cook me a burger, cook me a burger
Cook me a burger today
Many years ago, I bought a nice second-hand peacoat jacket.
As I was walking home, I felt something in the pocket
I hadn't noticed when I bought it.
Reached in the pocket, pulled out a fishing lure with barbed hooks.
It didn't poke me, it didn't snag on the jacket,
came right out and there it was in my hand.
What good luck!
I've kept this good luck fishing lure ever since.
Now you've read the story, or heard the story,
and you came to no harm.
So the good luck is passed on to you.
In spite of every challenge, there were a few trick-or-treaters in 2020.
It was good to see.
I saw a little boy with extra cardboard arms
and a big digit on his chest.
His parents said he was Lucky Spider Number Seven.
And by God, so he was.
Who would you be if you were yourself for a night?
And as J.R. Bob Dobbs said to the House on Un-American Unactivities
in July 1950,
I mean what I say, and I say what I say.
I just want to know what the hell is going on, Bob.
You don't even know who I am.
Okay.
This isn't about science.
This is about confusion.
This is about creating enemies when there aren't any.
How are we going to keep the military-industrial complex
chugging forward without clear-cut, pit-faced,
scum-sucking evil breathing down our neck?
Hmm?
It's threatening our very shores.
Now my job is to make sure the other side keeps on fighting.
Whatever side.
I mean, whatever side we're officially not on this year.
That's our tax dollars, how they work.
You know, good always triumphs over evil.
Here's one with instructions.
Point at God.
And say,
This is why we can't have nice things.
Anybody who would grouse about a great party coming to a close
is never hosted or even attended a great party.
Great things are not made great by lasting forever
or by including everyone.
Just the opposite.
Objecting to saying some things are better than other things
is itself saying some things are better than other things.
Discriminate more.
We are condemned only to the future, not the past.
We are free in the present, our past sentence having already been served.
And don't worry, our sentence in the future will not last long.
The entire universe has been unable to kill me up to this point.
So why should we die?
There is family, to my heart, all is to be ha'en Matthew the Great God and the living God and me.
And I've been talking nonsense about the whole Honors Day thing all night.
And you're recalling now?

Well, I might say all Free Letter!
Are you dead, Andrew?
So stop it at that Faithful werrüres.

The Coffee Club!
You may drink.
The coffee tea.
So much work.
It's a small world after all
Small world after all
Small world after all
It's a small world after all
Small world after all
We ever never do
Flintstones, make the Flintstones
They're the boys of the family
Round and round the world goes the game
It's a small world after all
Small world after all
It's a small world after all

Flintstones, ever never do
We're never gay all time
That dollar you spend on any other cult
simply won't encase you
in the same shell of coincidences
as will happen when you spend that dollar
on the church of the subgenius.
What did you get the second most mad about
non-days ago?
Ask yourself that.
And thanks to the Dobstown Mirror
for these pithy paragraphs
of subgenius Salamagundi
and to Einstein's Secret Orchestra
for the background music
Unfortunately that band is no longer
Professor Chaz boarded the saucers
long before the rest of us
Michelle George is in another band
I think they're classical music
and Lonesome Cowboy Dave is
still lonesome in Ashtabula
At first you will want to turn away


from him
Then you may find him a silent
unresisting target for your ridicule
Mister, why's your head so big mister?
But if you come to know him
Have you always been the way you are now?
You will begin to see beyond
the perversion of his form
Are you in any pain?
Are your parents still alive?
And discover the beauty in the beast
At no time have I met with such a perverted or
degraded version of a human being as this man
I am not an animal
When things don't fit in their assigned boxes
it feels like I'm getting a short delay
in fitting my own assigned box
Ask yourself
Am I doing what I should do
to be forgotten properly?
Once I understood that eventually
I and everything I've ever done
will be entirely forgotten
I asked myself that question
Considering the question was clarifying
and led to actions that might make the answer
more likely to be yes
You on the other hand might know
you will be remembered forever
If so, don't bother with the question
Am I doing what I should do
to be forgotten properly?
You're fine
A person may stay in the anger stage
Waging an overt or covert war against a company
If they are going to take the money out of you
I'm going to take some out of theirs
One aggravated driver ran his forklift
into a tall stack of expensive electronic equipment
The final damage estimate was in the hundreds of thousands of dollars
What a darn shame
Fortunately, the company's leadership team
had been anticipating this initiative for several years
and had been planning accordingly
by developing several previous bomb drones
as well as other forms of sabotage
that occurred over the past year
The Anger stage
Anchor, anchor, anchor
I take a bunch OQ
I can show you the gameplay
The Af ked
I can control the

Take over the counter
The past is here and it is evenly distributed.
May you have freshment and refreshment.
Better days are at hand.
Maybe not for you or me or anybody we know, but someone somewhere is having a good time.
That's proof that it's possible.
If they're a jerk, well, that shows that good times aren't going to the deserving,
but to those who make their times good times.
Who?
You and me and everybody we know.
The fool will carry a burden in one hand and a wheelbarrow in the other.
The subgenius will put the burden in the wheelbarrow
and then convince another to pay for the privilege of pushing it for the subgenius.
Don't be part of the wheelbarrow.
Don't be the problem friend.
Be all of the problem.
Nothing can be more useful to a man than a determination not to be hurried.
And that was said not by J.R. Bob Dobbs, but by Henry David Thoreau in his journal in 1842.
So send one dollar to Bob.
I didn't know one in eight babies die and many face life.
But still, your baby was born.
And no one knows why.
Let's find the answers together.
If you need an excuse to make an excuse, you're already one layer too deep.
Just do things for no reason.
The rational mind is for rationality.
Rationalization is not rationality.
I'm not saying if it feels good, do it.
I'm saying that action can happen.
Disimmobilize.
You no longer need to wait for permission.
No guarantee you'll get it right, but you will get it going.
Start moving and course correct.
Make up some fool explanation at the end if you want.
But go, man, go.
The sky is falling at dusk.
And you know the rest.
Cross the starting line and spread the word.
The word apotheosis has no antonym.
A suggestion that one might do well to reconsider ascending that one-way ladder.
Heaven is crowded.
And there must be some deity worth an afternoon's idle idolization.
And now this.
Oh, allow me to hear what I'm told.
Hold on, ladies.
Once again, what are you saying oh-oh.
We're not going to give you ailed copy.










Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
This is Phil Proctor and David Osman
of the Firesign Theatre
and we're enjoying listening to
The Hour of Slark.
I'm slacking off myself.
The word
Bob from the old ganglionic
responses signifies
a species or separate race.
Only for a lack of proper
understanding has Bob been considered
as an individual.
More really, as the
orgasmososm, he is the chief product
of the semi-tergid Jehovah One,
usually spelled backwards. And within
the nature of this microgasm,
the space god Yahweh One
established all the qualities of powers
that he himself possessed.
Jehovah Prime, however, does not
have slack and therefore
could not only not bestow it upon
Bob, but soon learned
to drain off that part of slack
that Bob, his personal
creation, seemed to possess in
natural and unlimited quantities.
According to the legend
and many older beliefs,
Jehovah One has always deceived his
own creations by encouraging them
to pull the wool over their own eyes
so that they, Bob and his kind,
would never know the incompleteness
of their lord and creator,
nor feel the subtle vampirization
as he came to depend upon
their slack for his own
unfathomable ends.
Bob Amikman consequently partook
of the characteristic of angels of light,
or helioperorators,
who were ministers for Yod-Heh-Vau-Heh-Alof.
Indeed, it was affirmed
by groups as ancient as the
Christagnostians of Egypt that the
redemption of the Yeti was assured
through the descent of slack, which,
as a spiritual essence superior
to that of Jehovah One,
and which, entering the constitution of the
righteous, conferred conscious
knowledge of that immortal slack
upon the fabrications of the semitor,
or demistergist.
That the pipe is a phallic symbol
occupies an important part of early
subgenius esoteric tradition.
Hargraves Jennings
sees in the pipe of Bob
a type of lingam of Shiva,
which was a sacred stone representing
the creative power of the world generator
plant. In Nagui's
works, writes Jennings,
is a passage to the effect that
Bob played daily in the ark before
the mighty pipe, that is,
before the phallus,
the pipe.
Being the symbolic phallus of the great
proto-creator of the blessed race.
It may possibly seem strange,
he says, but it is the most
confessed tradition that among the
Yetzini, Dobbs was commanded
by Jehovah One that when he finally
should expire, his dead body
be kept above ground, so that
in the fullest of time, as a receptacle
of incarnate slack.
That was the great Dr. G. Gordon Gordon,
killer for Bob, and accidental co-killer of Bob,
now living in Portugal and loving it while
laughing at all the rest of us poor suckers
stuck in primitive, ever-backsliding
Ameristan, land of the stupid.
Before that, a promo for Hour of Slack
by our heroes, the Firesign Theater,
and the class of the year, the Firesign Theater,
a classic song, State of Emergency
by the Swingin' Love Corpses,
the band that was
75% composed of
Drummond Brothers, Philo
and Sphinx, and Drummond
cousin, Ray Hay,
and also
Leif Cowabunga
and Skippy Mojo Butcher,
or Mojo Skippy Butcher.
But now, the tail end
of Solar Flight Opus No. 1
by Mandre, whoever that is.
Now live as you sit
porque hacia abajo
You've been listening to


Y falsé
S 지역
You can find a friend

Goldman Brand

Lyncashire
Y F система

específicli
Hell sería
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
Every Mars is regionally true.
Canals, Pellucidor,
Barsoom, H.G. Wells' angry red planet,
all of them. The reason we aren't seeing this in our probes
to Mars is the same reason we aren't seeing a soul in a
dissected body. The same reason we aren't seeing fairness
when everyone everywhere wants it. And you know this to be a fact.
Insisting on the truth,
is having magic powers and still saying,
oh yes, these are the droids you're looking for.
Some people talk about unhappiness
as if it were a limited resource, something to take seriously.
They say unhappiness needs to be preserved and
distributed with great forethought. The fact is, there's an
unlimited amount of unhappiness for those who make their own, who can't
let circumstances be what they are,
and instead adjust their lives to have a consistently unhappy
vantage point. And the opposite happiness, but
who cares about that dumb old thing?
Light from our sun, friends,
travels 150 million kilometers. But just
before it gets to your sensitive eyes, you can raise up
your hand to block it. That's one way some subgenie
think about J.R. Bob Dobbs. No matter how much you think about him,
no matter the radiation source, no matter how fast and far it travels,
no matter how sensitive the receiving body, holding up that goofy clip art
salesman is all it takes to turn a burn into well-earned slack.
Whether you're a member of the Church of the Subgenius or not
yet a member of the Church of the Subgenius, this advice holds.
Regularly, get the contact information of the people you want to be in
communication with and print it on paper. Don't rely on any social media.
Don't rely on any device. Paper has its own vulnerabilities, but it's a better bet
than anything digital. Phone numbers, email, postal addresses, whatever works.
Write it down. Start today. And being an old sacred scribe,
I certainly agree with that and subscribe to it. From the Dobbs town mirror,
I really do. I carry pencil and paper around with me and I write everything
down on paper, not my phone. I also use my phone, but then if it's good, I copy it
to paper because Onan is correct and true. The paper will last longer.
And so, I'm going to be a little bit more careful with that. I'm going to be a little bit more careful with that.
So, we conclude this particular section of this particular hour of slack.
All of it from the Dobbs town mirror and I suspect all of it from the tongue of Dr. Onan
Canobite, although the brain, the brain pan, the brain case, let's face it, they all belong
to Bob.
At Post Office Box 807 Glen Rose, Texas 76043.
We have a new novel, a subgenius science fiction novel out. Actually, it's not a science fiction novel.
It may be a documentary history from the 60s. The Agent and Mr. Dobbs.
We'll have the paperback version of it out fairly soon. Right now, there's just the
expensive hardback.
Oh, and always send one dollar.
That's funny. Nobody ever does. We're trying to think of ways to get people to send a lot
more. Just the very first time.
Uh-oh. My event trunk is ready. Survival of the fitness bud, says Julian from the Trailer
Park Boys.
So that's my cue to famus and feed the dogs.
Praise Bob.
Oh, and thank you, Einstein Secret Orchestra up there in heaven for this nice background
rug of music.
Praise ESO and B.O.B.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
Bye.
