We're holding this public meeting in the Civic Auditorium tonight because of the story.
Good afternoon.
The Soul Genius Hour of Swatch.
For juvenile delinquents?
I'm happy to hear that.
Well, that's very interesting.
Sexual, sexual, sexual, urinating, cautionary style.
Right now.
Side effects.
Side effects.
From PR News in Washington, I'm in critical condition during a business trip in France.
Yesterday, in southern France.
However, the substance is not yet clear.
Fossil fuel is more than essential.
That's according to numbers.
40%, 10%, 11% of 80%.
2 to 3 turned into 8.
The president and the first lady are taking photos at the White House and fell dozens of meters.
200 turtle hatchlings investigate what now appears to be another suspicious PR News in Washington.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Recording, everything's going fine, I hope.
Welcome to hour of slack number 1772.
Yeah, I think.
Or is it 73?
No, it's 72.
Oh, friends.
Don't worry, you won't catch it from me.
I'm sniffling because of allergies.
I live in a cedar forest and sometimes I sniffle.
And yes, America has been depressing.
Again today, but I'm going to try to be cheery with some war reports from subgenius land.
Then I'll probably play some really old tapes.
And by that I mean, yes, tapes.
This music in the background, by the way, is the Danish National Orchestra doing a neo Marconi's famous movie Western themes.
Okay.
Huh?
Reverend Velvet Martel.
Oh, my God.
I don't know what you're talking about.





The part I don't like is walking into my tiny town grocery store and having everybody eyeing each other like we're all buddy writers.
I've got a feeling that as this continues, we'll be happy to see a fresh face.
And I have this tiny town grocery store, too.
And it is a little odd to see these farmers and housewives looking so suspiciously.

The kids at the checkout don't seem to be taking any of it seriously.
I keep having to tell them I'll handle those bags myself.
They look surprised when I hose down my store card after they scan it and hand it back to me.
When I use a wipe to punch my pin number into the card reader.
And now I hear we're supposed to hose down the bags when we get them home and even the cardboard boxes that the grits come in.
Or just pour the contents into something.
And so, wouldn't you know it, what was missing from that store today wasn't milk or eggs, but gallon Ziploc bags.
And paper towels.
I understand the toilet paper neurosis, but not the paper towels.
And somebody on Facebook said that they were going to get Chinese takeout for dinner because small mom and pop restaurants are hurting.
And because many Asians are facing discrimination like that.


And friends, for a bizarre twist, typical of this particular weird Twin Peaks-like small town I live in,
one of the restaurants that's prospered here for decades is a Chinese takeout.
They're the only restaurant open after 9 p.m.
And they're good.
And they're still open.
For takeout.
And I'll be interested to see if any numbskulls cause some trouble due to the business name of Chinese.
I'm not sure.

I kind of doubt it.
This town is so small that most of the residents and workers tend to treat strangers and weirdos very fairly.
And wouldn't think of refusing aid to anyone due to race or gender or religion or whatnot.
Although if you had a Hope and Change t-shirt on, you might get slower service.
I don't know.
Um, but then, they get on Facebook and, and...
share the same generalized and poorly worded scorn for everybody else as the stereotyped right-wingers you see on the internet.
And I guess that's what they are.
But it's such a disconnect.
They behave like Christians that they claim to be on a person-to-person basis.
But as soon as they're in mass media, they revert to tribal cave behavior.
Kind of like my city dwellers.
Friends tend to do only in the opposite direction.
Now, as Phineas Narco pointed out,
I'm reading this rant by Phineas.
I think he just whipped it off on Scrub or someplace.
The televangelists live for disasters like this so they can go on the air and talk about how it's God's wrath for one thing or another.
Usually that means gay people.
And how you need to send them your money in order to be safe.
All-powerful God, but he can't seem to handle money.
Always in need of it.
Go figure.
And of course, life is a situation where if you wait long enough, some calamity will eventually happen.
Even if it's just you dying of old age waiting for some calamity to happen.
And if something good eventually happens, well, there it is.
There's your payoff.
That's God blessing you.
So keep sending me your money.
Send him money.
And crap happens, so they'll always have material to work with.
It's like some kind of goofy celestial lottery game they got going.
Put your money down and get in on the God's will sweepstakes.
And another thing.
The real reason that religion always has it in for things like porno and sexuality and homosexuality in general
is that religion knows that sex is a vastly more interesting,
fulfilling, compelling, primal, and just plain fun experience than what religion itself has to offer.
I mean, there's no comparison.
Honestly, would you rather sit in an uncomfortable wooden pew for an hour and a half
and listen to some stuffy, deluded, semi-coherent jag-off in a robe
ramble on with 2,000-year-old made-up stories about people wandering around in the desert on camels,
or would you rather get your ashes hauled?
I said, go to church.
You're either a liar or a fool, and they know it.
So they're forever desperate to stamp out the competition.
It has nothing to do with morality or God's will.
God's will is always religion's will or the church's will masquerading as God.
Just replace the word God with the church when they talk, and you'll know the real deal.
Well, I guess in our case, we'd replace it with Bob.
Hee-hee.
But as Onan Kenobite said,
at Dobbs.town,
the day the last ghost says goodbye to the last Bigfoot
who rides the last Nessie to the departure beam of the last flying saucer,
that is such a sad day to think about.
But it doesn't have to be this way!
No, friends.
And, uh,
because we're in the Church of the Lord,
we're the subgenius,
where we say things like,
well, these are a little altered just in the last month.
We say Bob said things like,
watch two women making it.
Hell, I'd rather still be alive.
And as he might have said in some other time,
anybody you see driving a Porsche is probably infected.
These all come, actually, from the prophets Onan and Stoneman,
I just knew,

from one village in Los Angeles.
And, uh,
it's not easy to do that.

holly injuries and shit like this.
And on the yards of the streets,



and those people are in
dues to drug use.
Stupids.
Stupids,
what do we do?

We don't practice what we preach because we're all in intensive care.
If I can't whoop it, I'll go down.
Oh wait, that one stays the same.
Shut up, pink froth clogging the respirator tube.
Laugh till your lungs bleed.
You'll laugh all the way to the poorly equipped cardboard box in an alley
when Bob lets you in on the real joke.
I place the goddamn terror of the fucking gods into my nose.
I'm uninsured for acts of God or Satan.
I leak the plague from my nether parts.
Oh wait, that one also stays the same.
Come on and give me cancer.
I'll spit up the tumor and my children will owe the hospital $736,319.
Are we controlled by tiny microbes?
Fuck them if they can't take a breath.
You probably already knew that the U.S. government was a sham.
But did you know that the real powers that be aren't even people?
That they are actually tiny, invisible, shambling things?
Get in on the ground floor now and start digging.
We stand to receive these.
You who are but flesh and understand not the way of the lipid-clad ones.
Gee, I can't wait until that plague time train comes around the bend.
Oh look out, son. Here it comes now.
It's unbelievably big and scary.
Et cetera.
Too much is always deader than not enough.
And here's where I have to turn.
I'm gonna turn the music down.
Because it's a song, I'm sorry.
Let me tell you the story of COVID-19.
Fode man and yeti fills up your lungs with green.
Wipes away your grin and stops up your windpipe.
It props up the conspiracy and takes away your life.
Now I can go to the old tapes.
They come from old shows.
Puzzling.
Puzzling evidence show.
An old hour of slack shows from when I was doing it in Dallas.
The only cult they want to talk about is the subgenius foundation, the church of the subgenius.
Yeah, Doug Smith says we're different.
Doug's right, Virgil.
We are different.
Thanks to Jesus, the genetic engineering corporation of American states.
Mommy too?
Yep, the whole family.
Is everybody like us?
No, son.
But we're working on it.
Round the clock.
This is Bob, and this is bad Bob.
He's a real Bob, and he's a real Bob.
People that followed the wrong Bob.
Gonna end up with no job.
I'm not prejudiced.
I don't care if he's a Jew, a black, Italian, Chinese.
If he messes with me, I'll shoot him.
He's got complete equality as he drops to the ground.
The helicopter which plucked the reentry capsule out of the water.
It moved up, took off at fantastic speed at the at least 45 degrees angle, and they just disappeared between the stars.
During the debriefing, which we always said after each combat mission, the officer who was receiving this made a joke of it, how many beer I had.
How many beer he had, dear friends.
Oh, yes.
Quiet down, you little creatures of the night.
You've got a show to do.
Oh, dear friends, this is Reverend Ivan Stang.
You're listening to the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack in Dallas, Texas.
Hey, Zaphod.
Our theory about Reverend Ann Leonard was just shot to hell.





















The other night.
Friends, I feel sorry for those of you who couldn't make it to the subgenius meeting and for the people who didn't dare to come and see the reflection of themselves.
But it was very interesting the way that turned out.
You know, we announced last week that there was going to be a meeting for people who wanted to volunteer to help with KNON and the Church of the Subgenius specifically.
And we got like 30 people called Reverend Cecilia and asked directions and said they were going to come and so forth.
But only half showed up.
And the mighty Reverend Cecilia, who now, dear friends, is Popess, the Pope or Popestress of Dallas, Popess Cecilia, bowed down to her, ye unworthy, unclean ones.
For she is truly worthy.
She allowed us to have this meeting at her house.
A meeting of subgenius.
Subgeniuses who had never, in many cases, had never laid eyes on another admitted, quote, subgenius, unquote, before in their lives.
But it turned out quite interesting.
There was no real bobbies.
It was real nice.
It was all folks that I think could give us a real hand.
And I haven't managed to sit down and plot it all out on the big computer yet.
But, oh yes, we'll have places for you all in Dobbs Town, dear friends.
Don't worry about that.
All of ye chosen who showed up.
It was just, the meeting was just what you'd expect.
It was at a seedy S&M bar in Oak Cliff full of demon worshippers.
And, see, you missed out on it.
Missed out on it.
Oh, and there was one young subgenius there who gave me a Christmas, a wonderful Christmas present.
A sign, professionally made sign that said, Bulldada Time Control Laboratories is subsidiary of the Tridentine.
And, uh, that was wonderful.
But, you know, when I put that sign up, they'll know where the subgenius castle is on Swiss Avenue.
That guy, now, see, that guy, he was obviously CIA.
You can't fool Reverend Stan.
That was CIA.
But he was also a subgenius.
So, it's okay if the CIA knows where we are.
But there's many of you out there who are thinking, what's he doing in the jungle?
I thought this was a church.
I thought this was a church.


And, on top of that, how come, how come he's talking about this church and the subgenius?
What is that?
They say, what are you?
What are you?
They chant, wanting to know just what it is we're talking about.
And every 10 or 12 shows, I play this lovely tape.
Three, two, and one.
Now, to continue with the tape recording.
Superior mutants, repent, quit your job, slack off.
The world ends tomorrow and you may die.
Well, no, probably not.
But whatever you do, just keep listening.
Are we controlled by secret forces?
Do you ever get the feeling that free will is in place?
Joke.
Do people think you're strange?
Do you?
Then you may be on the right track.
Are you abnormal?
Then you are probably better than most people.
Yes, your kind shall triumph.
Now, at last, the step-by-step process is revealed.
This is it, the only faith that promises action, thrill, success in sex and business.
Having all the guilt, but none of the sex.
Having intercourse with a beautiful live girl or damn near anything else.
But you tried everything.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
Learn to think big.
Develop the tricks of length extension.
Bring your weirdest dreams to rampaging life.
Stand erect.
Expect for your own abnormality.
Mom is a way of life to millions.
Yet half of them don't even know it.
He's the one true living slack master with the spiritual know-how to help you bash through
the locked doorway to financial heaven.
He is the one real shortcut to slack.
Now, see another dimension on your TV.
Yes, fear the stark fist of removal no longer.
Become physically attractive overnight.
Attain status, luck, prosperity by blowing them off.
Bob promises to widen the scope and nature of abnormal behavior.
To explore new ways of going over the edge.
And coming right back.
Plus, to bring back those who couldn't make it on their own.
To help you create the highest possible earnings from the psychodynamics of abnormality.
To turn conspiracy implanted personality disorders around.
And channel them into an illusion of creativity that will fool normals and get you sex.
I don't believe you, J-Hart.
Well, I did benefit from it, of course.
But so did a whole bunch of old Dallas boys.
In other words, you want to know, you want the government to know that you're in there to make money and to pay taxes.
Well, we're already treading a pretty thin line, Bill.
And I'm sure there's plenty of other things they'd love to get us for.
Just be, you know, well, I don't know whether we want to talk about the conspiracy on the air, but...
Oh, yeah, go right ahead.
This is the conspiracy, the one, the conspiracy behind the conspiracy.
Ah, the conspiracy to end all conspiracies, maybe.
Well, part of the church's goal is to wake people up to the fact that our lives are being controlled by forces that most people are completely ignorant of.
Well, okay, this light, as we were looking at it, both of us were watching the light, and we thought anything just in, you know, a split second, it was suddenly this two-story, I'd say the diameter around thing.
The height of this room.
Wow. You mean it was like a little bobbing?
Well, it was bobbing as steady as this table if it were carried on a caterpillar. It was that steady.
And walking speed.
And with that, the speed never changed. It just suddenly got that big.
It just suddenly was huge.
Yeah.
It gets really complex when you get into conspiracies, and we believe...
We're still in there.
Because of the experience that they were going through.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Have you two not gotten enough slack on the ropes of life?
This is Dr. Philodrumon speaking to you from on the road way out there.
Somewhere where you nor your friends can even perceive.
Ha ha! Yes, dear friends.
We're out here, you're out there, and we're thinking about you out there.
And about all the wonderful things that can be found when you find Bob.
I'm talking to you tonight about the only God, the one and only Bob, the church of the subgenius.
Praise, Bob! Praise, Bob!
Can I get a witness?
Can I get a praise, Bob?
Can I get an amen?
Thank you, children! Thank you!
Now some of you may not be familiar with the church of the subgenius.
Some of you may not know the heart of the church of the subgenius.
The purpose, the divine...
The purpose of the church.
The purpose of the church.
What is the purpose of the church?

Can I hear that again?
I need more slack!
Can I get some slack?
Can I get some slack?
Slack!
World Without Slack
Chapter 3
By Lies
The fightin' Jesus looked out over the bridge
of the Exist battle saucer, Blood of Christ.
He looked and laughed.
He laughed and looked.
He looked.
He looked and looked.
He laughed and laughed.
He was finally going to have his revenge
on the natives of Dust Moat 89 AB.
Aboard Jesus' flagship,
dozens of killer theologians, the shock priests,
were busy at their weapons terminals.
On the power decks, the proper orgone cycles
were being timed by mass fornications
between the ritual crew and the cancer beings from Theta Z.
An invasion-ready state existed in the ship,
and the 999-year-old
was the first to be killed.


including 400 others floating over the doomed planet Earth.
Jesus was in a psychopathically elated state.
His face resembled many of the perverse icons
the humanoids of the Dust Moat painted of him.
They prayed to these for the salvation of their souls,
as if they had any souls to save,
as if anyone would want to save them,
which they didn't.
A whole disgusting religion now centered around his murder.
They had to gall to nail him up like a common criminal
and then paint pictures of him enjoying it.
And they thought he loved them for it,
that he was forgiving.
Oh, the anticipation.
He was sick to his stomach with glee.
He would show them the true face of pain and sin.
It had taken him 2,000 long years to return here,
and now he would pay them back for the scars
he still carried in his hands.
Sweet stigmata.
Even the slightest thought of the scars,
made them glow red through his fists,
through the boxing gloves.
The whole of the spacecraft was manned with angels of light,
personally lent by Jehovah One.
They supervised the demon teams operating on all tangible destruction spectrums,
all in attack mode.
Nagas, Orzuma, Shiva, Horus, Aeons, the dark bodies.
And at time and a half, too.
It was expensive to ravage a planet.
No matter.
The host of judgment.
That which comes had finally arrived.
And on Jesus's birthday.
What do you think, Dad?
His second in command, Jim Jones,
stood by with the final attack coordinate codices.
A whole graphic map of Earth rotated slowly next to Jones in midair.
On its surface, grids of the natives' planetary defenses were lit up in green.
Ones, some depicting their pathetic communication structures in violet.
All in scale, quite pretty actually.
A colorful net surrounded the sphere.
It would soon enough be dark.
These children wait for us below, Jesus.
We will walk among them and we will smile.
At your moment of choice, of course.
Jesus studied Jones' puffy, tired face in the pink glow of the neuron banks
that ran around the walls of the mighty dreadnought and shuddered.
He was no stranger to resurrection of the undead,
but whoever had brought Jones around again had slipped up.
Something was missing.
Something else was added.
Something.
Jones had been forced on him by the Djinn bankers
who had financed this angelic war fleet.
Damn them.
He never forgot the price they had demanded for this mercenary raiding fleet.
He heard them.
Jones' constant reminders of their influence and expectations
irritated Jesus no end,
not to mention the annoying habit Jones had copied from Dobbs.
The twisted creature insisted on smoking a pipe,
even here near the sensitive nerve relays.
Jones might have been left dead a little too long.
He moved with a constant jerk and always poked at his throat.
He never removed his sunglasses,
and he still took massive injections of methamphetamines,
even though they no longer had any effect on his regenerated shell.
You know, Jimbo, said Jesus,
the best part is that they think there's an afterlife.
That's why they strung me up the first time.
They think like bugs down there.
I'm well aware of that, Commander.
It bothered Jones to be back on Earth so soon after his failure
with the social programming of the world.
He was forced to abort the experiment.
It was a great deal of speculation about what is going to happen next.
The tape is ready now.
The lights have gone down just slightly.
The new episode of the Mr. Science lecture series...
The Mutron.
The Mr. Science lecture series.
Volume 1, number 1.
The Mutron.
Delivered by the Reverend Seth Deitch,
First Church of Mr. Science, Boston.
Outside the realm of conspiracy science
and in the clear light of the so-called forbidden sciences,
we will find we have a far greater chance
of understanding the true nature of the universe.
What the conspiracy feeds us under the guise of the most advanced system
of natural philosophy is nothing but a complex sham,
a decoy to hide from us the true fact of how much bigger and more complex
and nut-wrenchingly frightening a place the universe really is.
We are told about matter and energy and space and time
as being either consistent realities governed by laws
or as foggy abstracts that have no particular being outside of that of being,
convenient linguistic aids to make the whole thing easier to swallow.
We at the Temporal Management Research Facility
of the Church of Mr. Science of the Subgenius
have through rigorous probing through mountains of existing
and well-known works on the subject of time and its methods of control
have discovered the key for blowing the whistle on the whole fraudulent twaddle
that is modern science.
This key is the Mutron.
The truth must now be told.
How it was covered up with the truth,
for so long, would make a story intriguing enough for a separate book,
but it's too involved to be told here.
The actual issue at hand is the Mutron and its pivotal role
in the management of the true cosmos.
In order to properly understand the following,
it must first be made clear what actually constitutes an elementary particle.
The first of these basic particles is the electron,
which has no mass but possesses a charge that is commonly described as possibly infinite,
thus making it the fundamental unit of energy.
It and other related particles, i.e. positrons, photons, gravitons, etc.,
acting in concert make up the Iacotismic field,
which is responsible for holding everything that is anything together.
The second is the much rarer infinite mass particle,
commonly called a black hole.
These particles, like the electrons, occupy no space,
but the influence of a single particle can be felt at a much greater distance.
They often have event horizons many miles wide,
beyond which not even light can escape.
The third fundamental particle is the Mutron.
The Mutron carries with it an infinite temporal capacity
that makes it alter the rate and intensity and general quality
of the passage through time of anything it touches.
The Mutron is very likely the rarest particle in this universe.
As far as we know, there might well be only one of them,
though there could be as many as a few dozen
without generating a dangerous concentration rate.
The first segment of this report will deal with the general implications
of the Mutron in regards to existing ideas on the workings of the universe.
The second will concern the incredible potentialities
of using the potent forces of the Mutron in time control research
and in practical time control.
Section A.
Just how fucking big everything really is.
What we know is the universe can be anything but a small particle.


It can be envisioned as a giant atom with the black hole acting as the nucleus
and the Mutron or Mutrons acting as the electron cloud
with the electrons providing the energy for the Mutron to drive us forward through time.
Just about everything else in the universe is just so much debris
cluttering up the works of things.
The fact that there is one such atom more than suggests the existence of others.
The Mutron has a corresponding antiparticle known as the tachyon,
which travels through time in a direction which we perceive as backwards
so that to someone who is not in the know it will appear to exceed the speed of light.
The simple fact of the matter is that tachyons are extra universal Mutrons
impinging on our universe at a different temporal angle.
These are the Mutrons of atom universes that ours is in compound with.
After this the atomic metaphor breaks down.
No atom is one.
A six million year cycle will end in 1998.
Bob sees the world entering a new aeon,
which in a few years will bring more wondrous and miraculous change
and carnage, insanity and destruction than all of mankind's history and prehistory before it.
Bob brings a new destiny for America.
A time of cataclysmic economic change that will offer untold riches and power
to those in the know,
while billions of deserving conspiracy dupes fry in hell on earth.
Uncontrolled thinking, controlled by Bob,
will usher in a spiritual rebreath and a cascade of astounding mysteries,
supernatural bridges,
and a restoration of lost psychic abilities
that will totally transform the lives of those who dare to seek them and pay for them.
That's right, you're lucky to live in the end time.
Here's more money, Bob!
Wise up!
That's right, dear friends, wise up.
And I must apologize there for the choice of language used at one point
by Dr. Ahmed Fishmonger there with the Church of Mr. Science.
I'm sorry, he cut in on our normal broadcasting spectrum wavelength here
and inserted that into our show, that it was not an official part of the Subgenius show.
You did not hear that.
It does not exist.
It does not exist technically as part of the tapes that I chose to play.
I just want you to know that, dear friends.
That's pretty important around here.
And I'll probably get in loads of serious trouble.
Uh, what a...
Whoa!
Thanks to St. Byron Werner for that incredible piece of music.
Yeah!
And thanks to Reverend Bleepo Abernathy for recording the, uh,
the barrage that we were hearing for a lot of the stuff that we've heard tonight, actually.
Yeah!
The different are being silenced by a global conspiracy.
Weird men arise!
Find out who they are and how to smash them!
Uh, yes, dear friends.
I have to jump in here and give credit where credit is due.
That old tape did indeed turn out to be a really old tape.
A whole lot of that was done before the hour of Slack existed as a radio show.
And it was just a bunch of weirdos working with tape decks and mailing tapes back and forth.
It was fun.
Uh...
There was also a little bit from the hour of Slack, probably around hour of Slack number 70 or something,
where I was reading Paul Mavridi's short story, uh, The World Without Slack, starring Jim Jones and Jesus.
Anyway, I want to thank Dr. Philo Drummond on the road.
Glass Madness for these beautiful songs.
Bleepo Abernathy!
For his mixing and his great voice work.
The late David Boone.
Seth Deitch.
John Hagenbrenner.
Uh, Doctors for Wotan.
Pope David N. Meyer, Pope of all New York.
Paul Mavridis!
The Mr. Science was mixed by Bill Capes and voiced by Seth Deitch, also known as Dr. Ahmed Fishmonger.
A lot of his songs were written by him.
The editing was done by yours truly, Reverend Stang.
And D.K. Jones did the original music on the best parts.
Praise Paul.
From PR News in Washington, I'm No Predator, and sexual interactions were consensual.
The Trump confirms that Trump is expected to rescind PR in Russia for the first time since Boston.
In Boston.
In Russia.
Harvey Weinstein's lawyer says his client faces federal charges of abuse.
He says he has attempted arson and other crimes.
Ben Brafman says Weinstein is planning sensual sexual interactions against a third woman.
The Dow is 32, 24, 74, 75, 2.
The President of Iran says oil exports, exports that is, will fail.
Not to be exported while exported.
He didn't explain what he meant by that despite the PR News.
A source confirms that Trump told Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov that this is the PR News.
But not necessarily in Washington.
Now, I could get this show cranked out really fast by playing Bob Dylan's first new song in eight years,
Murder Most Foul, because it's 17 minutes long.
It just came out last week.
A couple of my friends posted links to it.
I listened to it.
And I bawled.

I bawled my eyes out.
I really bawled my eyes out.
Because I've lived through all this stuff.
And I realized what I was crying for was my country.
Which I don't think I've ever done before.
On the other hand, some of my cantankerous old buddies said,
Ah, it's maudlin.
He's believing his own hype now.
Ah, it's boring.
17 minutes.
I'm not going to listen to that.
It doesn't change much.
But by golly, what's the point of me talking about it
if I'm not going to go ahead and just play the damn thing?
Bob Dylan's new song.
If you get bored, turn it off.
You know, touch that dial.
I don't care.
I'm not getting paid for this.
It was a dark day in Dallas.
I was a little bit worried.






It was November 63.
A day that will live on in infamy.
President Kennedy was a right line.
Good day to be living and a good day to die.
He had led to the slaughter like a sacrificial lamb.
He said, wait a minute, boys.
You know who I am.
Of course we do.
We know who you are.
Then they blew off his head while he was still in the car.
Shot down like a dog in broad daylight.
It was a matter of timing, and the timing was right.
You got unpaid debts.
We've come to collect.
We're going to kill you with hatred, without any respect.
We'll mock you and shock you, and we'll grin in your face.
We've already got someone here to take your place.
The day they blew out the brains of the king.
Thousands were watching, knowing something.
It happened so quickly, so quick by surprise.
Right there in front of everyone's eyes.
Greatest magic trick ever under the sun.
Perfectly executed, skillfully done.
Wolfman, oh, Wolfman, oh, Wolfman, ow.
Rub-a-dub-dub, it's a murder most foul.
Hush, little children, you'll understand.
The Beatles are coming, they're gonna hold your hand.
Slide down the banister, go get your coat.
Ferry across the Mersey and go for the throne.
There's three bums coming all dressed in rags.
Pick up the pieces and holler the flag.
I'm going to Woodstock, it's the Aquarian age.
Then I'll go over to Altamonte and sit near the stage.
Put your head out the window, let the good times roll.
There's a party going on behind the glassy door.
Put your foot in the tank and step on the gas.
Try to make it to the triple underpass.
Blackface singer, whiteface clown.
Better not show your faces after the sun goes down.
Up in the red light district like a cop on the beach.
Living in a nightmare on Elm Street.
When you're down on New Berlin, put your money in your shoe.
Don't ask what your country can do for you.
Cash on the bellhead, money to burn.
Daily Plaza, make a left hand turn.
I'm going down to the crossroads, gonna fly in a ride.
The place where faith, hope and charity die.
Shoot them while he runs, boy.
Shoot them while you can.
See if you can shoot the invisible man.
Goodbye Charlie, goodbye Uncle Sam.
Frankly, my scarlet, I don't give a damn.
I'm going down to the crossroads, gonna fly in a ride.

What is the truth and where did it go?
Ask Oswald and Ruby to let her know.
Shut your mouth, say it away, slow down.
Business is business and it's the murder most foul.
Tommy, can you hear me? I'm the ancient queen.
I'm riding in a long black Lincoln limousine.
Riding in the back seat next to my wife.
Heading straight on into the afterlife.
I'm leading to the left and I got my head in a lap.
Oh Lord, I've been led into some kind of a trap.
Well, we ask no quarter, no quarter do we give.
Well, right down the street, from the street where you live.
They mutilated his body and they took out his brain.
What more could they do? They piled on the pain.
But his soul was not there where it was supposed to be at.
For the last fifty years, they've been searching for that.
Freedom, oh freedom, freedom over me.
I hate to tell you mister, but only dead men are free.
Send me some love and tell me no lie.
Throw the gun in the gutter and walk on by.
Wake up little Susie, let's go for a drive.
Cross the Trinity River, let's keep up alive.
Turn the radio on, don't touch the dials.
Parkland Hospital, only six more miles.
You got me dizzy Miss Lizzie, you filled me with lead.
That magic bullet of yours has gone to my head.
I'm just a patsy like Patsy Cline.
Never shot anyone from in front or behind.
I've blood in my eye, got blood in my ear.
I'm never gonna make a toot-a-doo frontier.
Zupetus film, I've seen that before.
Seen it thirty-three times, maybe more.
It's vile and deceitful, it's cruel and it's mean.
Ugliest thing that you ever have seen.
They killed him once and they killed him twice.
Killed him like a human sacrifice.
The day they died, they killed him twice.

They killed him, someone said to me, son.
The age of the Antichrist has just only begun.
Air Force One coming in through the gate.
Johnson sworn in at 2.38.
Let me know when you decide to throw in the towel.
It is what it is, and it's murder most foul.
What's new, pussycat? What'd I say?
I said the same thing.


The soul of a nation will turn away.
And it's beginning to go into a slow decay.
And that is 36 hours past Judgment Day.
Wolfman Jack, he's speaking in tongues.
He's going on and on at the top of his lungs.
Play me a song, Mr. Wolfman Jack.
Play it for me in my long Cadillac.
Play me that only the good die young.
Take me to the place Tom Dooley was hung.
They say James Infirmary and the Court of King James.
If you want to remember, you better write down the names.
Play it at James, too.
Play it by the gold line.
Play it for the man with the telepathic mind.
Play John Lee Hooker.
Please scratch my back.
Play it for that strip club owner named Jack.
Play it for that guitar slim going down slow.
Play it for me and for Marilyn Monroe.
.
Play, please don't let me be misunderstood.
Play it for the first lady, she ain't feeling her good.
.
Play Don Henley.
Play Glenn Frey.
Take it to the limit and let it go by.
Play it for Carl Wilson, too.
Looking far, far away down Gower Avenue.
Play tragedy.
Play twilight time.
Take me back to Tulsa to the scene of the crime.
Play another one and another one bites the dust.
Play the old rugged cross and in God we trust.
Ride the pink horse down that long lonesome road.
Stand there and wait who has said till explode.
Play mystery train for Mr. Mystery.
The man who fell down dead like a rootless tree.
Play it for the Reverend.
Play it for the pastor.
Play it for the dog that got no master.
.
Play Oscar Peterson.
Play Stan Getz.
Play blue sky.
Play Dickie Betts.
.
Play hot pepper, Thelonious Monk, Charlie Parker and all that joke.
All that joke and all that jazz.
.
Play something for the birdman of Alcatraz.
.
Play Buster Keaton.
Play Harold Lloyd.
Play Bilksie Siegel.
Play Bertie Boy Floyd.
.
Play the numbers.
Play the odds.
.
Play Cry Me a River for the Lord of the Gods.
.
Play number nine, play number six.
.
Play it for Nancy and Stevie Nicks.
.
Play Nat King Cole.
Play Nature Boy.
.
Play down in the moon docks for Terry Marlowe.
.
Play the

Play it happen one night and one night of sin.
.
Play Linda's
. .
I'm loosening in
Play merchant of Venice
Play merchants of death
Please tell them
I'm starlight for Lady Macbeth
Don't worry Mr. President
Help's on the way
Your brothers are coming
They'll be hell to pay
Brothers? What brothers?
What's this about hell?
Tell them we're waiting
Keep coming
We'll get them as well
Love Field is where
his plane touched down
But it never did get back up
off the ground
It was a hard act to follow
Second to none
They killed him on the altar
They killed him on the altar

of the rising sun
Play Misty for me
and that old Evel Moon
Play Anything Goes
and Memphis in June
Play Lonely at the top
and Lonely at the break
Play it for Houdini
spinning around his grave
Play Charlie Roe Morton
playing the piano



Play Lucille
Play Deep in a Dream
and play the driving wheel
Play Moonlight Salada and F sharp
Play Moonlight Salada and F sharp
And the key to the highway
was the king of the harp
Play Marching to Georgia
and Dunbarton's Drugs
Play Darkness and Death would come

when it comes
Play Love Me or Leave Me
by the Great Boat Pound
Play the Bloodstained Banner
Play Murder Most Foul
Music by Kevin MacLeod





Music by Kevin
and Chinese
Laugh
Number 3
in conclusion
is the way it often happens here.
Here is the Hour of Slack from the Church of the Subgenius,
and you can get more information from subgenius.com.
You can also give more information to subgenius.com
and or a whole lot of different Facebook pages and forums,
although the really good ones are only open to members.
And I'm the one who has the list of who's a member.
They're all connected to purchases.
Anyway, prisoners can write in, and we might even write back.
It's subgenius at Post Office Box 807.
That's P.O. Box 807, Glen Rose, Texas.
As in a glen where there's roses, which there aren't.
76043.
Price Bob.
Let's go.
There's even a security guard
Because Rose doesn't lose her place
It's me who is this little
Zonanana, zonanana, zonanamita
I am alive, I am charming
Like a little bird singing
They call me their little bourgeois
It's a little bird, it's a little bird, it's a little bird
Others will close their eyes for him
But I'm the one who loves him
Zonanana, zonanana, zonanamita
I am alive, I am charming
Like a little bird singing
They call me their little bourgeois
It's me who is this little
Zonanana, zonanana, zonanamita



I am alive, I am charming
Like a little bird singing
They call me their little bourgeois
It's a little bird, it's a little bird, it's a little bird, it's a little bird
Others will close their eyes for him
But I'm the one who loves him
Zonanana, zonanana, zonanamita


It's the Rudy Schwartz Project
I sure hope he wasn't cussing in French
Thank y'all
Zonanana, zonanana, zonanana, zonanana
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
