Bud Light presents
The subgenius power of
SWAG!
Real American Heroes
Today we salute you, real American Heroes.
Don't stay in too long, or everyone will shout you.
Finish quickly and come back.
The naughty bits.
Ahem, ahem, ahem, ahem, ahem, ahem.
The hard-hitting words of
Brave and deep in the sands of time
Are the names of those who struggled for perfection in the dream.
Ah, yes dear friends, welcome to Hour of SWAG number 910!
And it's another wonderful show comprised of recordings made while we had the famous Dr. Howland Owl in town.
How was in town to do the Indie Vival in Indianapolis sponsored by the Cui-Gee-Bo Clench
Who make the great subgenius magazine called Cui-Gee-Bo.
Ahem.
Of which there's a new issue out.
And you should look at sub-site www.subgenius.com
And find out where to write to Cui-Gee-Bo.
Actually it's 18 Main Street, Greenfield, Indiana.
And, but, you must, you must be amazed at the incredible preaching that Dr. Howell does at the Indianapolis Indie Vival.
And the other preachers, yours truly, Reverend Nikki Deathjit, Duke of Butte, Sang,
and lots of great music.
And also friends, this show will feature the radio appearances.
I have been praying for years for a chance to get Dr. Howell and Lonesome Cowboy Dave in the same studio.
And I managed to get them together for three solid hours of recording.
Some on ESO radio on WCSB and some on a radio show called Synethesia.
The one which follows Hour of Slack on WCSB.
Dr. Synethesia's show.
He was kind enough to let Dave and Howell just go at it for an hour and a half.
And friends, also we have some of the greatest collages yet by the great collagiast, Fernandinende Lemur.
Not just him, but also some of the other alt-binary Slack artistes.
Um, New Monet and Blackout, I think.
And El Rep, the El Queso All-Stars have been cranking out more stuff.
So friends, it's just amazing. It's fantabulous. It's fantastical.
And Bob loves you.
So there's nothing to be, to fret about.
It's all Slack and everything is perfect.
And now this.
Alright!
Good evening.
Good evening.
Alright. Good evening.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Alright, good evening everybody.
Ladies and gentlemen, sub-geni and normal alike, alike welcome, welcome one and all to IndieVival 2003.
Alright, very good, very good.
I see out there a lot of faces that I recognize and a lot of faces that I don't.
More of the latter, actually.
Thank you all for coming out.
My name is Pope Fred.
I am Pope of all Joliet and environs.
Thank you once again for coming out.
As I said, I don't recognize many of you folks, but there is one thing, one thing that brings us all together.
Sickness!
Exactly.
You're a sick bastard.
You're a deviant.
You're abnormal.
You're strange.
You follow a man and a belief which has set you apart from the normals.
You follow a religion which has been shunned by the nation.
And we have been shut out by normal society.
We have been cursed by our abnormality.
Which reminds me of another religion, another group of people that were shunned for their deviant beliefs.
They were shunned by our government.
They were shunned by their very families.
And they had to leave their homes on a pilgrimage.
A pilgrimage to a land where they could live out their deviant lifestyle in peace.
They traveled through the desert.
Through storms and...
Dust storms and starvation and disease.
And they went out into the wilderness.
And when their leader came to the destination on today's date in 1848, he stretched out his hand over the great Salt Lake Valley and said,
This is the place.
Let's hear it for the Mormons!
Yee-haw!
Yes!
The Mormons found their place of freedom where Utahns could perform anything in a free state of love and religious freedom.
This is the place, my friends.
This is the place where you, my fellow sub-geni, deviants, abnormals,
can pursue religious freedom.
Yee-haw!
Yee-haw!
Thank you.
Kill me! Kill me!
Well, I'm taking donations and setting up tithes, okay.
God willing, we will prevail in peace and freedom from fear.
And in true health, through the purity and essence of our natural...
Fluids.
God bless you all.
God bless you all.
You and I need fresh, pure water.
To replenish our precious bodily fluids.
niños
Wonderful reality.

We're still trying to figure out the meaning of that last phrase.
I want to hear some power, you...
All right, man.
This is the end of today's lesson.
I'm going to force you into a bad dream.
I'm going to force you into a bad dream.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Precious Fluids by Champion Jack Codini.
Hey, give us a call up here at 216-687-4255.
We can shoot the breeze.
Actually, we can answer any question.
That's right, any question.
Any question.
Anything that is personally burdening your heart.
Ask Dr. Howell.
Dr. Howell is a doctor, and you can ask him, and he will answer.
Ask, and it shall be answered.
If you live in San Francisco, you have to pay to go see the Ask Dr. Howell.
Dr. Howell's show every week.
Well, ultimately, you will pay to know what you really think.
But if you attend my nightclub act, you will be immaculated and seized up in the rupture.
Ow!
And given the wedgie of faith.
Well, it's been there to happen.
That's right.
Bob by proxy, a bob by direct action.
It's still the same footprint that investigators have learned to recognize
over the years.
The large, dobsly presence can not be hidden from the adroit.
Black eyes, swimming pool, congressman.
There's only one thing wrong.
Now, what's this new scuttlebutt you're spreading?
Well, there's a lot of things we don't know.
I'm aware of that.
Outside of clubs and bar rooms.
Yes, sir.
Now, we've got a country yelling, fight those voters every blame two years.
Hit the public.
We can keep hitting them.
By the way, there's a lot of things we don't do.
Here's some of the things we do.
No, sir.
Yes, sir.
You shut up.
Oh, drop dead.
Yeah, that would be nice.
It's the dance of the sacred pumpkin.
Calling the demise due to all things.
Hey!
It's the dance of the sacred pumpkin.
Rufus doubled over and released his stink.
Hey!
It's the dance of the sacred pumpkin.
Calling the demise due to all things.
Hey!
It's the dance of the sacred pumpkin.
Rufus doubled over and released his stink.
On the side of sand.
The last of the land.
Oh, hey!
Hey!

Rufus double over and reset the
должен deathщ

When he finally got the shull
You know.
Kelley pergunta
Why did King forget Oaxaca?
Hey!
I'm in here.
every last bit to the walls of the stall.
In the shithouse they built, it was fashioned of lies,
and they couldn't wipe their asses, Rufus cut them down to size.
No, no, they couldn't wipe their asses, Rufus cut them down to size.
But while inside, he met the flies, and they were sorely oily and thick,
and not just any trick would have worked, so Rufus had to exercise,
he had to dance, and dance.
It's the dance of a sacred pumpkin,
calling the demise due to all things pain.
It's the dance of a sacred pumpkin,
calling the demise due to all things pain.
The El Queso All-Stars, dear friends, from their new album,
Crotchless Leather Wheelchair.
Oh, this music in the background, by the way, is by Hell Pope Huey himself.
But now this.
Submissions first.
Submissions.
Submissions first.
Submissions first.
Oh, no.
I want more of his little buddy.
Buddy.
The duchess of kindness often misread dominant wolf behavior as weakness.
Oh, come on.
But in fashions secure each wolf, strengthen each wolf,
and above all reassure each wolf.
Such close co-op.
Such co-operation can mean death as a teen.
You run down sidewalks land.
There's no rhyme or reason to it, you know, you just let it.
In thermosilk.
Cell phone.
Backup.
Catsons included.
Backup.
Every day.
It's back.
The wolves live in a civilization,
unlike their endangered wolf hunters and trappers.
With abundant natural inclination,
the nation of wolves submissions fierceness.
Amid security that was televised live to hundreds of millions of countries.
He urged Chris Limbs to try everything possible so that the name of God is exploited for works of death.
Along with a hot meal, the event offered little holiday cheer this Christmas.
Israeli tanks and troops arrested seven militants from the Israeli army just hours after Palestinians held a midnight Michigan back into an area of low pressure off the East Coast.
There could be a tonight.
Fuck it.
And Cape Clip Coastals 39.
39.
39 up here on the river.
And 40 not a bad East Coast.
Boston Midwest.
More South.
Fuck it.
Here's Christina.
Pirates of Southern Florida.
Tomorrow, fronts scattered around Miami by the afternoon.
Miami, your highest.
Let's take a look at a little more tails in its wet, wet area for you.
Submission.
Submission.
Submission.
Submission.
Submission.
Submission.
Submission.
You are being murdered, my friends.
Day after day.
Day as long as you live.
Never ask for whom the grave is dug.
It's dug for you.
You are in walking distance of your grave.
But you can't see it.
Tears shed by your left eye are blinding your right eye.
Tears shed by your right eye are blinding your left eye.
Wake up.
We are not suffering from a million or more diseases.
But from one disease and one only.
The hidden disease.
The original, the fundamental disease.
And it cannot be cured by chemistry or surgery.
By skullduggery or blackstrap molasses.
Let the doctors examine themselves.
Let them have a good look at their own distorted, two legged, upright position.
Their hind legs.
But can they think straight?
Their spines are caving in, their livers have putrefied, their discs have slipped, their sciatica is dislocated, their noses have bulbified.
What do these learned garbage cans, these boil catchers and abominationists, these troubadours of diarrhea and constipation,
what do these sinister fools, these hand-picked morons, what do they know about quadrupedism, about four-leggedism?
That was Brother Theodore.
There are subgeniuses who don't really...
They don't really qualify for our church because they really are geniuses.
And everything they say is sort of correct.
And everybody hates them.
You know, everybody hates the guy that's always right.
Just because a statement is correct doesn't mean that it's a smart thing to say.
And trying not to be a dumbass is...
It's hard to...
You know, for some of us subgeniuses, it's a full-time job.
But that doesn't work.
Once again, you're just trying to act normal.
Maybe the way to do it is to fully be that dumbass.
To be that dumbass to the hilt.
Actually, isn't Banjo Bob here?
He should probably be here.
Boo-la-ga-la.
Boo-la-ga-la.
Boo-la-ga-la.
Boo-la-ga-la.
Boo-la-ga-la.
Boo-la-ga-la.
Boo-la-ga-la.
Boo-la-ga-la.
The World Helpful Health Information Service
invites you to take six minutes to invade our bodies.
One of the biggest complaints we hear from anyone who walks or runs a lot
is children living in poor areas.
A tragic fact of life in many parts of the world
is that two million children live in feces
and contaminate our water and food.
As we get physically closer to one person's feces,
we're living closer and closer to feces.
Because so much disease and death
comes from improper human feces,
a lot of developing countries are trying hard
to contaminate our food and water supply.
Tell us, George, the methods of human feces
that have proven effective in the past.
Some modern solutions have evolved.
Some have proven effective.
Spreading unprocessed human feces onto the food supply
has resulted in human diseases in a pit
and periodically a pile.
In summary, someone has come up with human feces
that is not only inexpensive,
but also contaminates our water and food
and sends it on fire.
Usually, nothing more is needed.
Can you use your finger?
When I was a boy,
some people used different methods for the feces.
Aye, aye, aye, aye, aye, aye.
Not your step-in stone.
Well, it looks like they're not going to ask us any questions.
So, uh, how are you doing, Stang?
How's your war on God going?
Well, pitifully, as usual, as you might expect.
I mean, he knows our every move, it seems.
He's got spies everywhere.
They don't call him the Almighty for nothing.
There's fifth columnists we've got to deal with.
It's a...
It's a...
But, you know, somebody's...
Somebody's got to do it.
That's right, and Rome wasn't burned in a day.
Fight City Hall and Heavenly, the Heavenly Hall.
When they told us we were all going to go to hell,
what choice do we have, really?
If we're going to be true to ourselves?
Are we just going to roll over and take it?
Life's unfair.
Does it have to be that way?
No, God made it that way.
And you, the listener, as Dr. Howell has pointed out before,
are yourself...
are yourself the ultimate proof that, in fact, actually, there is no God.
There can never be a great creator being.
Because there is an obstacle.
An obstacle to the existence of God.
And that obstacle is you, the listener.
You are the lump lying in the road to the path of divine communication and understanding.
That self of yours must be hauled off the turnpike,
wheelbarrow load by wheelbarrow load,
until the glittering vehicles...
of comprehension and evolutionary advancement
may whiz by unimpeded.
Wow, look at him go!
Phew!
But what is the use of attempting to enlighten the obdurately dull and stupid?
I suppose there's only a short time left where we can provide some help
to those who thirst for peace in their souls.
Well, there's something to be said for being dull and stupid.

I mean, why do you think they call it sub-genius?
Oh, yeah, well, Dan Quay always said that mediocre folks deserve representation, too.
Ask him where we are.
Here's one.
Are there really only ten commandments?
Ha ha!
Oh, no, there are quite more.
A number that were even given to Moses at the same time, but just left off the slabs.
In fact, some of them actually directly contradict each other.
For example, there is a commandment that says,
Thou shalt kill.
Thou shalt make graven images and serve them.
Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live.
I mean, pretty much everything.
Now, that means you kill him, right?
So then, thou shalt kill or thou shalt not kill.
You've got to make up your mind.
Do you have a complete list?
Well, is it really killing if it's a witch?
Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's ass.
Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's wife's ass? What is that?
No, no, you're already getting it slightly wrong.
It's like the game of telephone, where information is passed silently between ears of people huddled at a party.
And it's the same way as God's telephone line, which has been overwhelmed by static from Satan's electromagnetic pulses.
Now we can't hear the divine voice in its clarity and excellence of vision and wisdom.
Thou shalt not be any...
Thou shalt not wear checks with stripes.
Losers.
I think that same guy actually calls up 669 a lot.
Well, he's welcome to do so. We want to help him and all those other poor folks.
Now, you know, the Church of the Subgenius is actually a church. It does help people. It does good work in this world.
I don't know why we face such a bristling tide of opposition when all we're attempting to do is help people.
We'd love to help people.
No good deed goes unpunished.
Well, yes, but the question is, when a solution is as clear and obvious as the pipe-smoking face of an epoptid one, why do people not rush forward and seize upon it?
Why do they turn down something for nothing?
At least they're not throwing us to the lions.
Man, you... I hate to re-use your phrase ten times, but you got a mouth pretty... pretty here in the St. Louis... um...
I hate to re-use your phrase ten times, but you got a mouth pretty... pretty here in the St. Louis... um...
Well, here's a vocabulary word, uh, Dave, uh, GOOM.
Can I ask you guys a question?
G-H-O-O-M. It means to search in the dark.
Do you know if we're advancing those, uh, conchure hemorrhoids?
It's the negative one.
And what conchure hemorrhoids?
It's the guy who, like, appears and disappears and appears in the negative.
You see, we're all gooming, Dave. We're searching. We're searching in the dark with, uh, only hope.
Confused and ignorant.
Um, uh, Harrison and...
That's the name of Dr. Legume.
Dr. Legume. Yes, exactly.
He's wonderful.
But I fear that, uh, lonesome cowboy Dave has degenerated to a case of demonic possession.
Nameless imps are making him spew now.
Hey, there's nothing wrong with my genitalia.
I told you these lesions had to do with worsh... worshipping, uh, the...
of my concentrations on Bob Dobbs and nothing more, nothing less.
That is appropriate, and your sentiments are elevated and correct.
You should concentrate on nothing but the face of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
That is the solution.
To all your problems, personal and private.
Now, do I dare make, uh, make one more Samyama on one part of his face than another?
Like, stare at his eyebrow and get some certain kind of relief or something like that, or...
You dare do all that does become a man.
Who dares do more is none.
Just keep looking at those dots.
Since dang never told me this stuff like that.
You sound like... you sound like a coach or something, man.
Those swirling dots are gonna be your salvation, and I wouldn't lie to you.
Uh...
Geez, I've waited for somebody so long to not lie to me.
Dang talks to me... he lies to me constantly.
He tells me he's lying.
He can't help it.
He is the father of all prevaricators, but, uh, that gives him the nimble ability to be a swiveling hipster
who can dodge one charge only to face the next.
But we are not all of necessity such warriors in this scheme.
Some of us, uh, are foot soldiers.
Grunts, as it were.
Some of us can put those concepts together. Feet and grunting.
Um...
Um, uh, never mind.
Well, uh, how's your health? You're feeling chipper? Tip-top?
I'm being...
A1 at Lewis?
...tipped away inch by inch.
You're being nibbled away inch by inch by what? By stinging, biting ants? Is that it?
No, it just gave kind of true meaning to saying, are you feeling chipper?
Because that's what I feel I'm ready for is the chipper.
I'm ready to be used as a lawnmower.
Oh, no, Dave, please. Don't say that.
No, I'm just saying...
That's not the way.
I'm just saying my bones are so smelly nowadays. I can...I can smell them as I evacuate.
Well, it takes some glucosamine.
When I get up, I can actually smell, like, the calcium formations in my body.
Yes, but the world needs its Carl Lewis.
You know, and Bob has not helped me with any of this.
He's never really helped me with anything.
Well, I...I think you're looking at the negative side, old son.
Yes, Dave, yes.
Uh, there's a lot of wonderful things. He brings you love and success and respect and moxie and...
No, he hasn't.
He hasn't? Well, he didn't.
Well, good to me. I...I don't know why you've got to keep at it, though.
See, the slap, lust, or lack, happy arrangement of the universe once again goes to what?
The...of the eye in the...in the middle of the third night?
No slap is necessary when a subgenius is born.
The lusty whale is amazingly imminent from the first moment of consciousness,
and it continues all through life in one form or another...
...as a shriek that runs throughout the universe.
Oh.
No, I'm sorry. I didn't mean that part.
You see, Lonesome Cowboy Dave, when you were born, there were signs and wonders in the heavens.
Uh, new comets, uh, were seen, and, uh, strange retrograde motions of the planets and stars.
Really?
Yes, uh, it showed that there was a special subgenius about to be decanted upon the earth below,
and angels in heavenly choirs sang to bewildered shepherds in the Middle East who fired back with automatic weapons.
Shams.
So, uh, there's, uh, a reason to have a spring in your step, a smile on your lips, and a song in your heart.
And that reason is the palindromic awesomeness of Bob.
So, I was favored, I was picked, I was...I was anointed somehow?
You were anointed, uh, and the Epoch, let us remember, is an anointed one.
We anointest your skull with oil, your cups runneth over.
He has asked me to sign his boots and do his bidding for so long,
and I've never taken a nickel or a square bunion in return.
At least you didn't have to perform the os in fondue, which Satan requires of his followers.
You dancing buck naked in fondue?
Oh, uh, buck naked left the church a long time ago.
But, uh, we will be bidding a beef fondue to all our listeners in the area fairly soon as we go oars in the air.
You mean you're taking people's members, either real or psychic, and putting them in hot cheese?
Well, the cheese is, uh, just an epiphenomenon, a side phenomenon, depending on how you look at it.
Frontward or backward.
Phew. Where can I get enough?
Some call it smegma.
Alien smegma pie.
It comes from deep within the earth, from volcanic vents.
The earth itself is a genital being, I suppose.
Well, more of a pimple seeking to burst in different places.
Through the pores.
It spreads a biological contamination, an infestation.
But those words are so negative, it doesn't really describe the joy of infecting whole new universes with subgenius philosophies.
Many of these would-be subgeniuses, before they become subgeniuses, are very much similar to a boil or a frost,
to waiting to be bursted as they wait to be, um, um...
Activated.
You know, as they wait to be bursted.
They need to be activated. They're sleepers. They're walking in a sleep now.
They need to be waked up by subgenius doctrines.
As the red-eyed one said...
They need to be wakened into their new life. And you, for all your problems,
are well aware of that, since you have passed over that line and are in the new life now.
I'm not wearing diapers anymore.
Oops. Well, we had to cut that part off. But, uh...
The heart-aching conversion of a thirsting subgenius soul is always worth cluttering the airwaves.
Eh, Captain Stang?
Huh? What? What happened?
Well, I believe we made a new convert tonight.
Someone in a small, run-down, flea-bitten hotel room is weeping tears of pure joy.
I see that person! I see that person!
But in the room next to him, there's a sad, lonely...
Wake up!
...couple. A lonesome man. I see a cowboy.
It was the most beautiful movie I'd ever seen.
Of course, Leni had everything to do with everything.
She mixed this and mixed that. She wasn't doing the editing. She was always there.
She listened to the music. No, she was not one of those directors who let others do the music.
Yeah, the craft services people made the cake like the labs at Pennymoondah.
With the little rocket ships on top.
So, it was beautiful. Everyone was marching in...
And kind of wasted on the Fuhrer, since he usually did not eat such sugary confections.
No, he was a very strict, strict vegetarian. And you could not...
And it was awful. You couldn't open the windows, and the Fuhrer really stank up the room.
Yes, he did not believe in painting, you see. In the old order, the society he belonged to, painting was...

...totally forbidden.
I was referring to the Fuhrer's flatulence problem, you see.
As a bean-eating vegetarian, the Fuhrer often made the Reich's chancellery air almost unbreathable.
Oh, he needed many, many people to work in that area.
And Kurt Goering and Goebbels and Gottin Himmler, how they would joke about it, out of the Fuhrer's earshot.
Yes, out of the Fuhrer's inner self, if you know what I'm saying.
And his comments were not much more enlightening.
Everything he said when he was in that booth was ruffled and tough, like a fart.
But they took it all down for posterity.
Here in these 27 volumes of the Wit und Wisdom of Adolf Schicklgruber, now yours for a nominal payment.
You would expect to spend a whole heck of a lot for a series of heirloom volumes like this.
But these only cost about the price of a college education or a really fine set of designer luggage.
So what are you waiting for?
Get on the ball.
Get the Wit und Wisdom of Adolf Schicklgruber by riding this station.
Also brought to you by brand new Hitler's hand soap made from real hands.
And Hitler's face soap made from real faces.
And of course, as always, by new Hitler's skin soap.
For skin so rough and rare, you'd dare let down your guard.
We'll return to the bleary hour movie, They Saved Hitler's Mustache in a Moment.
But first, a message from the maker of Hitler Youth Cookies and Eva's Delights.
Hi, I'm Jane Woodward for Eva's Delight Hitler Youth Cookies.
Sometime this week, a young man or woman in a pair of shorts and a brown shirt will be knocking on your door.
And they'll be carrying these fine, fine cookies.
And you will buy them.
And you...
Look for the fine, fine, fine...
Here, Liebchen, bite down on this.
I'm sorry, Adolf, bite down on... what?
I'm sorry, Adolf, bite down on... what?
I'm sorry, Adolf, bite down on... what?
Good drama.
Great look, good drama, yeah.
Good drama.
What do you call this?
Bob.
He died.
He died in a bizarre gardening accident.
A little bit there by Reverend Jartow.
Friends, you know, this show, it's not just you.
This show makes me feel weird, too.
In fact, I'm feeling kind of sick.
I'm feeling kind of sick.
It's train Istquierdh.
Do you ever feel angry?
Are you paralyzed by your anger?
Do you feel yourself with butterflies in your stomach a lot?
Do you get headaches?
Are you really frustrated?
Do you ever get to the point where you're gonna blow up and you're afraid that if you
blow up, you're gonna blow away all your friends and all your co-workers?
Chances are, that all of this behavior is a symptom of the fact that you're not expressing
your anger, your anger because you're not letting your self combination lead you anywhere.


We can assertively express our anger if we handle our anger assertively.
We complain and complain and complain.
I'm angry.
So what do we do?
I want a raise.
I want to go home.
I want sex.
I want a cookie.
I want a raise.
I want to go home.
I want sex.
I want a cookie.
I want a raise.
Did I really do something bad?
Why am I apologizing?
I don't think I'm always wrong.
Do you?
Do people push your buttons?
Are they telling you that you're too fat, too aggressive, not nice enough, or just hard to get along with?
Are they telling you that people who grew up in Connecticut are stupid?
Do they tell you that you're weak?
Are you simply the person who gets the sand kicked in their face?
Negative, negative, negative.
Now you're angry, and now you have something to say.
I want a raise.
I want to go home.
I want sex.
I want a cookie.
I want a raise.
I want to go home.
I want sex.
I want a cookie.
I want a raise.
I want to use my shit.
Oh, boy.
It's impossible to pick anything out of this turbulence of tongues, ladies and gentlemen.
We're going to take each person on his own, one at a time.
We're going to hammer it out for you.
Plain and simple.
Easy to understand.
No tricky double talk.
No intellectual obfuscations.
Just the pure, simple answers to everything.
And believe me.
We've got answers to every question you could possibly ask.
But, Cowboy Bob, they're not calling in.
We've been here ready to answer their questions.
Tell them where the gold is buried behind the barn and all that sort of thing.
Is that behind the barn?
Well, I...
That's a euphemism, or what you call it.
It's one of them, you know, analogs.
I never met a four I didn't like.
Yeah.
I'm telling you, they haven't been calling in the way they ought to have been.
Well, perhaps some great hand of destiny is holding them away from the phone.
Maybe they're...
Maybe the great usurper is somewhere afoot in the land,
darkening them to the sight of God.
Of Dob, not Dobbs.
Dobbs.
I mean, you know, making them...
And we saw the Anakim, and we were grasshoppers in their sight.
Oh, but you said they were finicky or something.
Oh, they're Finnish, Dutch, all different nationalities.
But the problem is they can't triangulate on their...
their true citizenship, which is a member of the world-spanning church of the subgenius.
See, somebody's doing that to them.
Somebody out there, an unseen hand is holding them down.
It's the conspiracy, jamming the wavelengths.
So the waves become small, impotent slaps.
They have no curiosity.
Let's see if this one actually will take advantage of this wonderful opportunity to get the real answers.
Yes, come one, come all.
How long are we on the air?
I think it's after one o'clock.
It's too late to buy my can of weenies.
Too late to buy your can of weenies, I'm sorry.
Those cocktail franks aren't going to get you over the sticks.
You're going to need two obols for the ferryman.
Yes.
So make sure you've got those pennies under your tongue when you go into the great beyond,
and you can pay the piper, literally.
Well said again.
Then take a big cake of honey and poppy seeds to throw into the slavering, saliva-soaked jaws
of the three-headed doggie that guards the entrance.
To distract the brute.
So you can hobnob with the virtuous intellectuals and the defunct pagans in the vestibule, or front hallway.
That's why they're hiding them in the vestibule,
and the one with the long ears and big snout is called Cersei, the dog of hell.
You know her.
Rough, rough.
Yes, but her bark is worse than her bite, as you'll find out.
How many are we satisfied with your curiosity?
Then there's that other river that makes you forget.
The river of tears and sorrow.

You're on the air.
I think of us as the shrimp.
What was I going to say?
And the other's just the upper crust.
Don't think of us as the shrimp out of the river, Luffy.
We're tired of listening to you all.
If you're tired of us, perhaps you'd like to hear some polka music.
Start your own freaking radio show.
You know, it only costs, you know, whatever to get a broadcast license these days.
You can do that.
Yeah, get your own transmitter.
Look, I've got a helmet that can keep out most evil designs of, like, you know, the people with the third brain and stuff.
It can stop the voices in my head.
And I can actually transmit radio waves.
They don't get very far, but they have been picked up.
And so, you know, you can do it yourself.
A small but persistent signal.
And, you know, your body is a radio receiver.
You can pick up radio beamed by certain precocious individuals.
Lonesome cowboy Dave is one of these.
Was once, anyway, before the big meltdown.
Oh, you're hiding your light under the bushel again.
Well, what better?
Place to keep it, you know, nowadays, since everything's fried down there.
Yes, that's true.
They've even introduced the metric system.
Well, we all have our cuss words to bear.
And we've done our best to bring the listeners of this area, one of our patented radio shows at this time,
despite enormous psychic and physical obstruction.
Really?
Like I said, I could smell your pineal glands 50 miles away.
I knew you fellows were working very hard to bring the truth or at least a vague rumor to the...
That new forest green pineal odor.
To the whatever they are, people, some call them out there.
Yeah, we call it the people sphere.
Das Volk.
Peace be upon you.
Peace be upon you.
I got more half a tube of anal lube.
Keep eating those prunes.
So, see, these are the people that we...
Well, once again, people, is that a word we can use?
These are the individuals that we want to beat with bowling pins.
No, we want to bring them.
Under the flabby, flabby, flabby, flabby wing?
Or no, no?
So they can concentrate on the finer things in life.
Yeah, that's what they need to do.
Their life is one, you know, helter-skelter, scary bump from one thing to another.
They're gobbling convenience store hot dogs off plastic plates
when they could be eating with the finest silverware and tasting pâté de foie gras.
They don't know what their mission.
No, they don't.
In fact, my girlfriend made eclairs.
She made eclairs to bring to everybody tonight.
She made eclairs?
And yeah.
Oh, and she couldn't be here tonight?
Oh.
I ate two because...
I can taste the cream now in a psychic sense.
Oh, that is terrible.
Well, another missed opportunity.
Chocolate poop.
Chips that pass in the night.
Yes.
So have any souls been saved by you fellas tonight?
We've been doing our best to try to save as many souls as we can salt down for the winter,
but it's been...
It's been a hard, rough road to hoe.
We've packed two whole souls into the canisters in Indianapolis.
We put them in the steel canisters and vacuum packed them,
but we could have done it tomorrow, frankly.
How can we save your soul tonight?
Strangers in the night.
Exchanging rubbers.
This one's way too tight.
You think you're fine, my brother?
Huh.
Oh, that one.
I know the one, there were two junkies in Needle Park,
and the one junkie hands the needle to the other one,
and the other one...
And the other junkie says,
No, no, man, don't do that, we'll get AIDS.
And the other junkie says,
Oh, relax, man, I'm wearing the rubber.
That's the only variation of that song I knew.
I know how we can save our own souls.
And how is that?
By... by playing this real quick?
I'm drowning.
We interrupt to bring you an important announcement.
The world will end at 12 o'clock tonight.
I'll just repeat that.
The world will end at 12 o'clock tonight.
This is not a hoax.
World leaders have been meeting...
in Washington over the past week...
to consider the ever-worsening problems...
of inflation, overpopulation, racism, pollution...
you name it, they've considered it.
They have come to the conclusion...
there is no point in going on.
It is their unanimous decision...
that at 12 o'clock tonight...
in a final act of unprecedented...
international military cooperation...
the world will be blown up.
What's your game, Bob?
You know, there was an article in the newspaper...
we had it by the...
in the nanoheliograph...
that capuchin monkeys go on strike...
when they perceive that labor is unfair to them.
That was in today's paper.
Yes, sir.
It seems to be a trait in all human beings...
much in the same way if you sound a low B flat...
a 57 octave below middle B flat...
it'll make them damn capuchins all work...
for much less than they wanted in the first place.
Well, you don't want to screw the capuchin...
but you've got a C sharp...
No, you...
C natural.
I've got a much bigger member than that...
I've got an A flat.
Oh, well, I'll throw a towel over it, as they say.
Bob thinks I should be in jail.
Why does Bob want this woman in jail?
I'm beginning to smell a big fat conny rat.
Why would you do that to me, Bob?
They try to make you comfortable...
they try to put you in a quite nice situation...
with food that look like...
look more like a dog food...
food for wild animals.
All right?
Now the nation rises one...
to send their own song...
up to the White House...
Yeah, the nation's only White House...
to voice their discontent...
unto the president...
upon the burning question...
what has swept this continent?
Who put the bomb in the bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb...
Who put the ram in the ram...
and the dandy down...
Who put the bomb in the bomb, she-bomb, she-bomb...
Who put the dandy in the dandy, dandy, dandy...
Pooka Kucinich...
Blondes...
Brunettes...
Cool within truth of blam...
Peace out.
All right!
Kucinich...
Dean Clark...
Righteous...
Jackson...
Gary Coleman...
Gesundheit...
Galactus...
He knows all the names of all the many California politicians...
vying for that number one spot...
Mr. Grumpkin...
And Grumpkin...
Oh, yes, he's on the list...
as long as Mary Carey is also...
And then there's Dan Feinstein...
Not Diane Feinstein, mind you...
but Dan Feinstein...
Big ol' puffer...
You know, Robert Anton Wilson is running for governor of California now...
in the Guns and Dope Party...
Now, that's a great platform...
Of course, Peter Camejo, the Green Party candidate...
has also recommended legalizing marijuana...
and using it to boost...
California's sagging income belt...
And that man's whole body is full of chlorophyll...
We've had him registered here in Washington...
in the area...
But, you know, nobody lets him get out of the beltway...
and he loves it...
They'll take away my medicine...
when they pry it out of my cold, dead fingers...
You need to take your mental home now, my friend...
Nothing is real...
Not real...
, and nothing to get hung about...
Is he talking to me?
Say you're talking?
You're talking to me?
You talking to me?
You watching?
You talking to me?
Say you're talking?
You're talking to me?
Am I here?
I'm the only one loving you.
Who do you think you're talking to?
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, hmm?
K.
K.
K.
Actually, right now we're in what's called safe harbor.
We can say certain things, um, so long as we...
I don't know, somehow there's some kind of weird, uh, distinction between indecency and obscenity.
Where we... we can air indecency, but not obscenity.
Dodd-blangit-blag-stabbering-flag-baggin-snag-drag-or-baggin-snaggle.
Sha-cund-da-la-day-ba-soya.
Pick-da-min-dick-a-honda-sock-da-boom-da-lay-da-you-hoo.
I wonder if that...
And that applies to each and every one of you out there.
I wonder if that covers all languages.
And your grandma.
Yeah, she wears, uh, combat boots and swims out to meet troop ships.
Uh, cut your belly open and make you look at the black stuff you got in there.
Better to throw the food in the street than give the kiddies too much food.
Much to eat, but better belly burst and split than good meat spilled.
Well, since nobody seems to be, uh, taking the bait except that same guy over and over again, that...
Once again, that speaks volumes about the character of that caller.
The fact that he keeps taking the same bait over and over again.
Well, they don't wanna do anything. They don't wanna think about anything.
They just want to hear some tune pour like water through their, uh, wearied brains.
I got a tune we need to play, actually.
A tune?
This is, uh...
This is the world premiere of...
Of, um...
A song called Slackman.
Let me tell you how it will be.
Pleasure sauces.
Prop for free.
Cause he's the Slackman.
Yeah.
He's the Slackman.
Bobby Snow, the Yeti past.
Pig boys, they are all a guest.
Cause he's the Slackman.
Yeah.
He's the Slackman.
And if you hate your job...
Then quit.
Hey, it's Slack, if you got no friends, he's got your back.
If you're feeling down, you don't need Slack.
When you're down, you're down, on your mind on track.
Oh, there's a fact, Slack fact.
Slackman, oh yeah, he's the Slackman.
The tables, they will turn around.
Planet Earth, oh yeah, he's the Slackman.

The FedEx will soon be found.
Because he's the Slackman.
Oh yeah, he's the Slackman.
If you must die, here's what to do.
Jump in his pipe, let him smoke you.
Because he's the Slackman.
Oh yeah, he's the Slackman.
But his friends, they know his name is Bob Dobbs.
Bob Dobbs.
Bob Dobbs.
Bob Dobbs.
Bob Dobbs.

Bob Dobbs.
Bob Dobbs.
Bob Dobbs.
Bob Dobbs.
Bob Dobbs.
Bob Dobbs.
Bob Dobbs.
Bob Dobbs.
Bob Dobbs.
Bob Dobbs.
Bob Dobbs.
Bob Dobbs.

Bob Dobbs.


Bob Dobbs.
Anyway, what's important is it's not a bunch of intellectuals
and people who read too much Book of the Subgenius
or watch too much Star Trek or whatever.
It's not the extrapolation.
of what the future might hold, according to some college professor,
or predictions about things to come in society
by someone who thinks they know.
Friends, what is important in this life is dinner.
Dinner.
Now, in my case, that represents slack.
The core reality is the stuff that you tend to take for granted.
We are, this is Fox News coverage of Bob in New York.
This is his picture, the man in the brown suit there.
Reports are that Bob was bombed, very, very badly bombed,
just about an hour ago.
And you can see there Bob just lying on the ground
next to Ambassador Paul Bremer and trapped in New York.
And the more and more sounds we've been hearing
were from this sickish house.
For the Nellie Murr.
You're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
We created a race of robots.
Bob.
Their function is to patrol the planets in spaceships like this one
and preserve the peace.
And you can reach Bob and the Church of the Subgenius
at, got that pencil ready, friends?
Just write to
Post Office Box
2
0
4
2
0
6
Austin, Texas
7
8
7
2
0
And always find us at
www.subgenius.com
www.subgenius.com
This is Reverend Ivan Stang and you can reach me at
Post Office Box 181417
Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118
Ah, yes.
Last year, every man, woman, and child recently wrote
Dear Cleveland, week moving to Iowa,
if you succeed,
I agree with thousands of Iowans who are too high.
To see the light of day, you must eliminate obnoxious Cleveland.
It's a wonder anyone stays there at all.
Paid for by Cleveland.
The end.
The end.
The end.
The end.


The end.
The end.
The end.
The end.



The end.
The end.
The end.
The end.
The end.
I won't因為
The end.

3
拜拜
The end.
The end.
Not you!
The endu
Bob?
Well, in the development of your, of the thrust of your rockets for the investigation of outer space.
There may be some instances, for example, color television, where we're ahead of you.
But in order for both of us, for both of us to benefit, for both of us to benefit, you never concede anything.
In what are they ahead of us?
Wrong, wrong.
We are ahead of you in rockets as well as in this technique.
I do not capitulate.
I think it would be interesting for you to know that this program is now being recorded on Ampex ColorTaste.
And it can be played back immediately and you can't tell that it is a live program.
And the Soviet engineers came and saw it.
No, don't you see?
I share the enthusiasm of Soviet engineers about the cleverness of the American people.
We always...
We always...
always knew they were clever. Foolish people could never raise the economy to
such a level of achievement. But we too, as you know, don't kill flies with our
nostrils. For 42 years we have gone ahead and we're worthy partners now. So let's
compete. The system that will give the people more goods will be the better
system and victorious.
