Here, look. Yeah? Just look around. The smart money knows the truth. I'm getting on the ground floor.
The Soul Genius. Power of Swatch.
Have you looked at them? Crooks, gangsters, bums, hobos, drunks, and I don't know what.
They are a little picturesque, aren't they?
But what kind of a society are you going to start with them?
How damn snobbish are you?
To make a decent place, you need bums and alcoholics and criminals.
Oh, well, I guess so.
This tape is copyright 1981 by the Subgenius Foundation.
Bible prophecy is a very, very important subject for every Christian to study,
to help you better understand current events, to put things in perspective,
and most importantly, to help you have that inner peace of knowing
that you are not alone.
That God is on His throne and in control.
Oh, I'd like to go to the lake and...
And a part of the beast will be introduced.
And people will have a number in their hand and in their forehead.
Someone with a lot of energy.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Okay, your code number once more?
237.
237, and you're calling from Dallas.
Sorry.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
Hi, you're on hotline.
You can start...
Yes, my code number is 237.
Amen.
We're living in terrible, perilous, chaotic times.
Amen.
Praise the Lord.
And these times are not going to get any better, my friend.
Amen.
They're going to get worse and worse.
We don't care what mama do, I don't wanna...
Anyhow, mama don't wanna...
Hey, mama don't wanna be the plane around here.
Doctors 1.
Gonna be a sad time.
We're going to die.
Oh, mama don't wanna be a sad time.
I mean, what's the point of the life that we have if we're not walking by the same rules
and minding the same things?
So many people are confused about it and got their own theory about the way they see the
Word of God, but I...
All the signs point to serious health damage.
All the signs point to thousands and thousands and thousands of cancers and birth deformities
and miscarriages and awful health problems.
Both sides will be destroyed, regardless of who starts it.
The minute you have another war, there's not gonna be any war left.
And I'm not asking you to stop.

I don't think.
If you want to blow one, now look at the pieces.
Peace on Earth.
Peace on Earth.
Peace on Earth.
P-O-E.
Purity of essence.
I give my vote for Jesus, and I thank God for you and Brother Robinson.
Because in this day and time, we don't know what we're going to come to.
Are you familiar with the government-prepared cancer maps?
There's not going to be anything left for the kids.
I mean, there's not going to be a world left.
And we're all going to end up digging our own holes.
As soon as we dig them, they're going to fall in on us.
I don't think anybody would know what to do.
Even possibly the president.
So we're still going to be hiding this stuff underground.
I personally feel that the president of the United States is evading the issue of hazardous waste in America today.
I can't really play the guitar very well.
Or sing.
So, you know.
Apologies.
Stunning 8K resolution meditation app.
In honor of the revolution, it's half off at the gap.
Deadpool self-awareness.
Loving parents.
Harmless.
Fun.
The backlash to the backlash to the thing that's just begun.
There it is again.
That funny feeling.
That funny feeling.
There it is again.
That funny feeling.
That funny feeling.
Okay.
Don't get archive.
letters.



Get active via the schedule proposal we have.
The Michael Jackson of America.
at your door
The live action Lion King
The Pepsi halftime show
Twenty thousand years of this
Seven more to go
Carpool karaoke
Steve Aoki
Logan Paul
A gift shop at the gun range
A man shooting at the mall
There it is again
That funny feeling
That funny feeling
There it is again
That funny feeling
That funny feeling
There it is again
There it is again
There it is again
There it is again
That funny feeling
That funny feeling
There it is again
That funny feeling
Hey, what can you say?
We were overdue
But it'll be over soon
You wait
You wait
Hey, what can you say?
We were overdue
But it'll be over soon
Just wait
We were overdue
But it'll be over soon
You wait
Hey, what can you say?
We were overdue
But it'll be over soon
You wait
Hey, what can you say?
We were overdue
But it'll be over soon
You wait
I pulled that funny feeling
By Bo Burnham
Off YouTube
At the suggestion of Reverend Blackout
Good suggestion
Because it fits perfectly into the theme
Of this hour of Slack
Number 1,849
The end of the world
Also known as subgenius
Media barrage number four
Some of our media barrage albums
From the early 1980s
Are on CD or streaming
But media barrage number four
Has stayed on tape since 1981
And is basically unheard
By modern so-called audiences
When this was edited
On reel-to-reel tape
Largely by me
There were only about 273
Known subgeniuses
This episode will be a mix
Of the very old
With the just finished
Because we have two more
Recent original songs coming up
That probably haven't been
Broadcast much before
But let's plunge into the toxic
Radioactive swamp
That is our future
As prophesied in
Subgenius media barrage tape number four
He's with Wonder Woman
And her incredible powers
Of strength and agility
At six it's Kirk Spock
And the crew of the Starship Enterprise
And the only cult they want to talk about
Is the subgenius foundation
The church of the subgenius
And the only reason they talk about it
Is for the money
We're going to go to the phones right now
Good evening you're on KFJZ
With Mr. Opinion and Dr. Philo Drummond
And the Reverend R.J.
Arnold Stang
Ivan Stang
I have a question for Mr. Drummond
Yes go ahead
Are you Mr. Drummond
That's right
I'm calling from Dallas
What's your question
Well do you work on spiritual problems
Or you just work on wallets
We will help you out spiritually
Of course it helps if we can have
Some financial assistance
We sell ten dollar memberships
And once you get on our
You start getting our newsletter
You start reading our newsletters and stuff like that
And you start receiving lessons on how to conduct your life
In the most beneficial way for both you and us
We listen on the radio dial
We get the rhythm when we've got dial
Well people
We'll make you feel better for a while
Put your hands
Put your hands on the radio
Perhaps you've been deceived by
Evangelists masquerading as angels of light
He's gone
And the world is waiting for who
Well the world's unbelievers entirely
They're waiting for the Antichrist
They don't know they are
But who's going to come in ten days
But the one who says to Israel
You need protection
As we said have made the club
Hi
May I speak to Reverend Stang
Oh yeah you got me
Reverend Stang
Right
I call to ask
As far as your belief is concerned
Are you a Christian
And do you believe in the Bible






Are you a Christian

We believe in everything
You do
The reason I asked is
I was intrigued by what you brought out
About using the word conspiracy
And I was wondering if you believed in the fact that
Jesus Christ was saved yesterday, today and forever
And do you believe that he still has a true prophet
In these last days as he did in Moses and Elijah
Well I'll tell you what
We've been in the course of our research
We've been in the course of our research
And getting a whole lot of stuff
In the miles of the Second Coming
A lot of other culture're talking about the Second Coming
How Jesus Is going to come back
Or sometimes It goes by other names
The Christ Is going to come back
The main thing in
The subgenius foundation has say about that
Is beware of cheap imitations
There are a lot of philosophies
Are running around right now
A lot of people are
The next twenty three years
There are going to be a lot of people
Trying to convince you that they onlyció in Belf facing the story they're going to have religious values
Jesus back on earth. Oh yes, as a born-again Christian, I've seen that in the spirit too.
I know exactly what you're talking about. I'll make a peace agreement with you. The only reason
America still stands is there's a remnant of Christians who are still praying for a spiritual
awakening in this country. The church of the living God is preaching and believing and looking
for the coming of Jesus Christ. There is a way out. There is an escape route. This world is
destined for destruction. It's doomed and it's damned according to the word of God.
But Jesus is coming for a church. He's going to get his bride out of this world.
Point one. I am tonight setting a clear goal for the energy policy of the United States.
Be careful.
Beginning this moment, this nation will never use more foreign oil than we did in 1977. Never.
Oh
There are two ways to get to Tehran sooner or later to get there sooner. Fly Iran air.
Only Iran air flies from New York to Tehran nonstop. You arrive in the afternoon in time
for dinner and a good night's sleep. You wake up refreshed. On other airlines,
you arrive after dark, often much later. Fly to Tehran the fastest way on Iran air.
Try the urgent way to fly.
Let us whisk you through the sky.
Serving you in many more ways.
Iran air is rolling your way.
Remember, you're only one stop from London, Paris or Tehran on Iran air.
Yes, my number is 239 and I'm calling from Dallas.
And the person I'm looking for is, should be very interesting and, you know, not pleasant.
I'm not interested in plastic or anything like that.
And someone who enjoys going out and having a good time and a good conversation with.
And I guess that's about it.
Okay, your code number one more time?
239.
Thanks for calling. Good luck.
Thank you.
So long.
More proof that a car really works.
More proof that a car really works.




Marvin L. Kosnovsky, president of Kosnovsky Corks, is proud of his corks.
I am proud of my corks.
Ask your friendly cork dealer for a file for today.
If you itch, you need soft and soothe.
Swimming, you know. High temperature today, 100 degrees even.
That makes it the 63rd day this summer that we've been there.
Well, actually this year because almost the entire...
And if weather conditions had been different, the toxic cloud released might have...
...blown over Manhattan.
It's scary. It's damn scary. Especially with the fact that I've got two kids.
I normally die with these chemicals. What's that got to do with it?
Irid XX helps keep you extra, extra dry.
Let your fears well up.
You have them.
Now don't deny them their chance to claim your soul.
Know that within every man is a monster.
And this monster may create a monster.
A Frankenstein monster to bring your realistic world crashing down around you.
You say it can't be true.
There are some 50,000 nuclear weapons in the world today.
I think we really need nuclear weapons because Russia and everybody else has got them.
Jesus began to give to them the signs of his coming and the end of the age.
And one of the signs he referred to was the abomination of desolation that was spoken of by Daniel the prophet.
This hasn't taken place yet.
Just don't buy your doomsday theories. Well, you better buy them.
We are in worse shape from the point of view of our military preparedness than we were on the 8th of December 1941.
The day after the Pearl Harbor attack.
The Russians have got the definite advantage on us right now.
But we need to show more strength.
We've got to catch up or get ahead of them or we're dead meat.
Exactly as Noah getting into the ark triggered the deluge that destroyed the earth in his day.
And that it's very highly possible that when this all takes place that a great cataclysmic judgment will do that very thing.
And we do not know that it wouldn't happen in 1982, but we don't know what day it will happen.
This article was written in the 18th century.
Referring as I said to the nine planets in our solar system.
Mercury, Earth, Mars, Uranus, Pluto, Jupiter, Venus, Saturn and Neptune.
When these are scheduled to be perfectly aligned in 1982 that these things perhaps can happen.
Many scientists with varying ideas of what could happen have expressed their views that huge solar flares will take place.
Resulting that could be disruptions in the television and radio communication and a great deal more.
I see that I'm not going to have much time to go into this anymore.
And so I'm going to carry it through tomorrow and try to bring it to a more clear climax.
But may I tell you that all of these are warnings to us to repent of our sins and to get ready for the coming of the Lord.
For we can see great and drastic things that are going to take place on the earth when Jesus comes and the judgments of God are being poured out upon a Christ rejecting world.
But after we come through here and we purify through this plant here it takes out some of the chemicals in the mud out of it.
But you can't drink.
We can't drink it.
No way in the world you can drink it unless you hold your nose.
The ice too is bombing.
The sun's too many.
Meltdown expected.
The wheat is torty.
Engines stop running.
But I have no fear.
Because London is round and I live by the river.
It will also tell you about the prelude to Armageddon and also some of the strange events that have been forecast for 1982.
Some of the things that are coming.
In these last days.
You know the future is a magnetic place.
Each year a hundred billion are born into it.
Why it seems all roads lead to tomorrow.
Why just looking at the future is enchanting.
Rows along conveyor belts where awe-inspiring holograms are as much a part of the experience of every man as were the real trees, mountains and sunsets of the dark past.
It's thrilling to wander amidst these realistic 3D images.
And you'll certainly feel at home since the leaders here have chosen the architecture of the mediocritons of the middle class ages as the most relaxing and appeasing of all art forms.
It could be the old world charm of suburbs and franchises or power plants and office buildings.
Which might suddenly change to lovely forests and pastures.
But wherever you go you're still amid the clean ever-changing holograms of the future.
Made possible by the amazing hologram projectors.
And the careful planning of the folks behind the scenes.
And it won't put a dent in your budget.
Since holograms are produced in economical black and white.
You might even get to see a rare hologram eclipse when your real surroundings become enjoyably apparent.
We are having pretty cool day today.
Please do not attempt to know that.
You can't see it all.
You can't even be sure you're seeing any of it.
You and I are scientific men.
You can understand the wonder of what's happened.
Now just think.
Less than a month ago Santa Mera was like any other town.
People with nothing but problems.
Then out of the sky came a solution.
Seeds drifting through space for years took root in a farmer's field.
From the seeds came pods.
Which have the power to reproduce themselves in the exact likeness of any form of life.
Your new bodies are growing in there.
They're taking you over.
Cell for cell.
Atom for atom.
There's no pain.
Suddenly while you're asleep they'll absorb your minds.
Your memories.
And you're reborn into an untroubled world.
Where everything is the same.
Exactly.
What a world.
We're not the last humans left.
They'll destroy you.
Tomorrow you won't want them to.
Tomorrow you'll be one of us.
I don't want any part of it.
You're forgetting something Miles.
What's that?
You have no choice.
And our children will live, Mr. Beale,
to see that perfect world
in which there's no war or famine
or oppression or brutality.
One vast and ecumenical holding company
for whom all men will work to serve a common profit.
In which all men will hold a share of stock.
All necessities provided.
All anxieties tranquilized.
All boredom.
All amused.
The chemicals these factories create are welcomed by our modern day lifestyle.
The locals here complain the campers commit to what along this coast is perhaps the gravest of possible crimes.
They don't spend enough money.
We're gonna make 30.
A mandatory retirement age.
And we're gonna set up rehabilitation camps.
Mercy centers in every state of the union.
Citizens will report to them after five years.
At the age of 35.
And there, in groovy surroundings, we're gonna psych them all out on LSD, babies.
That way, they're not gonna hurt you.
And they're not gonna hurt me.
And babies, they're not even gonna hurt themselves anymore.
They want drafters.
We'll draft them.
And some of them are really gonna dig it.
And that's gonna be the real mother-loving gas.
There's gonna be cats who wanna split from taxes, diners' clubs, crazy birds, crazy wives and crazy husbands.
Millions, troops.
But millions are gonna go willingly.
Ah, the funny sketch.
Thank you. Do you like that?
Yeah. No. But it was a funny sketch.
That's it.
You talk about young people in America.
I don't recognize them.
I don't think they exist.
I think your kind creates them.
You force them into little molds and pop them out like little plastic figures off a production line.
You stuff them full of preconceived ideas, praise them for turning out so well.
But they're not people. They're machines.
Then you wind them up like little tape recorders and send them out into the world to spread another generation of lies.
This is the best of all possible worlds.
This is a recording.
Wow.
Quiet, angels.
I'm gonna pass one more miracle.
And you gotta help me.
In case it's a new kind of miracle.
In my own image, let there be man.
Sure, we gave second thoughts to paving over the earth, but...
Well, like, cement's not very biodegradable.
And we had enough of it down already.
We figured we may as well go ahead and pave over the rest.
It's a lot easier than tearing all this up.
We could air condition and it got rid of the bugs.
I don't know, it's just a lot easier to keep things clean.
I mean, we got air conditioning, toilet training for all our children.
We've got all the rocks we could chew on.
But you don't need nature for beauty.
The buildings here are inspiring monuments to our adaptable workers.
Such as the enchanting shopping metroplexes.
During Let's Go Shopping, a 20 minute break in a 20 hour work day,
humans compete to consume as much as possible.
And all it costs is time.
What husband could resist letting his wife have us free for free?
And there's sure no trouble deciding what you want.
Oh, don't buy me.
Nobody wants me.
I used to be popular.
But not no more.
Hey, man, you wanna buy me?
All of that's been bought by all you.
Besides, he only costs five minutes.
And when shopping time is up,
all the products you just bought are flushed away down to the factories
to be recycled and back on the shelves by tomorrow.
It's even better looking inside.
And the
The
The
The
The
The


The The product shop
is the street store Vin strong just
No customers!
No, that's no good!
Some Tile
Eulogies

He wants to know what's up.
You've never heard my main audience, right?
I'm sure you know too.
What about the shirt?


You're looking inside.
You're looking inside.
You're looking inside.
You're looking inside.
You're looking inside.
You're looking inside.
You're looking inside.
is a result of the women's law.
It's even sadder on the inside.
A nice break from the old media barrage there
by our young friend Reverend Negative
and the late great Reverend Just John
who boarded the saucers last year
or earlier this year.
Actually, I think Just John started that piece
and Reverend Negative added to it.
I used several very weird and cool-sounded pieces
of Just John's music on my microbe porn videos
of 2009 or so,
which are on my YouTube channel.
He was fairly old, but his death seemed sudden.
There's been a lot of that going around.
Anyway, on a cheerier note,
back to media barrage number...
Number four.
You can take those records and run them backwards
and you can hear Satan talking on there.
So I want you to realize
that we're in a crooked and perverse nation.
When I see and read and hear on the news
that 65% of our teenage girls in school today
become pregnant
and the other just happen not to get caught,
well, then,
I know we're in a crooked and perverse nation.
The judgments of God is going to fall upon this nation.
An angel come and stood right over my head
and I heard that angel singing,
there's a nation that stands in the judgment.
There is a nation that has forgotten God.
Sin is the grave.
Sin is a...
is a...
uh...
uh...
uh...
it's...
it's...
it's...
it's...
it stands in disgrace.
America has forgotten God.
If you love Bob, come with me.
Yes, that was a wonderful number
by our orchestra organist, Raymond Price,
here on the Bob Hour.
Yes, yes, ladies and gentlemen.
We're glad to have you here.
My wife, Zelma.
I'm a good boy.
Our dog, Snavely.
Our dog, Snavely.

Did you tell him about Bob?
Okay, sit down, everybody.
Can you hear me?
Can you hear me out there?
Yeah, yeah, I think it's time for a song.
Ladies and gentlemen, do you want to hear a song?
Bob sucks!
Crop his ass
Kill him
Goon squad
No a normal day
Well we've done it
We've let loose the dogs of war
I wonder
How they'll destroy us
We'll see you next time
Bye
You two act like it was the end of the world
Well it could be
But we will return to enjoy
Your final
Battle
Moment
Your commentator Jonathan Mathias
With another bulletin
And now as the Sino-Russian border war
Continues to rapidly escalate
U.S. authorities are beginning to question
To what degree we will become involved
In what could swiftly grow into global conflict
Abort firings
Abort firings
Interception will fragment
Facili-carrying missiles
Revealing
Abort firings
Abort firings
Abort firings
Interception will fragment
Facili-carrying missiles
Tonight's presentation on the beach was of course fiction
All Americans share the common desire that a nuclear holocaust will never happen
And certainly an alert, prepared America is our greatest safeguard in a nuclear age
I really don't know because I don't know the situation neither does the American people
Our current policy is that we do not launch until we are under attack
And that is our primary goal
Now the danger of that policy today is the Soviets can deliver their missiles with such
accuracy that they'll be able to knock out in a matter of relatively few seconds all
of our ability to retaliate against the rest of the Soviet missiles.
Range two miles, missile still deflecting.
Range one mile, missile detonated.
All attack!
If a true alarm sounded, most of our defenses would be alerted and within ten minutes, the

Soviets would be ready to fire.
And in just ten minutes, many of our jets would be in flight, headed for their targets.
Yet under a lifting law, only the president could give the final order to fire our nuclear
warheads.
Airborne at the time, as part of a special exercise we were holding called Operation
Dropkick.
Now it appears that the order called for the planes to attack their targets inside Russia
with an average load of 40 megatons each.
General Turgidson, I find this very difficult.


I was under the impression that I was the only one in authority to order the use of
nuclear weapons.
That's right, sir.
You are the only person authorized to do so.
And although I hate to judge before all the facts are in, it's beginning to look like
General Ripper exceeded his authority.
And my little 11-year-old child, I think his mentality is much more alert than this 16-year-old
boy.
The point is, stupidity is all around us.
And if you don't believe me, you're not going to get it.

And it's not worth getting upset about.
It is not a thing a sane man would do.
The doomsday machine is designed to trigger itself automatically.
But surely you can disarm it somehow.
No, it is designed to explode if any attempt is ever made to un-trigger it automatically.
It's an obvious commie trick, Mr. President.
We're wasting valuable time.
Look at the big war.
We're getting ready to clobber us.
Is money more important than people's lives?
And in their pursuit for private interests, a lot of chemical companies will not accept
legal or legal aid.






It's an even more moral responsibility for the results of chemical waste pollution until
absolute proof shows that a specific chemical from a specific plant caused a specific disease.
The treatment you receive when you do business with these industry giants, it's frequently
frustrating.
And to make matters worse, they don't seem to care.
You won't find this attitude at Bill King's Breco.
Well, I'll tell you what, everything I figure is a hazard.
It progresses as the years go on, and eventually we'll never be able to control it.
If you take a look at the chemical waste pollution, you'll see that it's not just a chemical

waste pollution.






And if you look at those maps that show concentrations of various forms of cancer, you can pick out
the industrialized areas of America.
Are you trying to drive me crazy?
You've obviously never heard of Cabal Thorium-G.
No, what about it?
Cabal Thorium-G has a radioactive half life of 93 years.
If you take, say, 50 H-bombs and 100 megatonnies, you'll never get the same amount of CO2 as

range and jacket them with cabal thorium g when they are exploded they will produce a doomsday
shroud a lethal cloud of radioactivity which will encircle the earth for 93 years what a load of
calm no question we have a problem we all know that but that doesn't mean that we ought to change
the whole system we have find out where the problems are the character of the problems and
address them all i want is some help i don't want to be sitting out here and forgotten with poison
water that's all i asked is for some help state of michigan said there's nothing wrong with it
the epa come out and said there is something wrong the health department michigan later sends
me a letter saying it's all right there's nothing wrong with your water you can drink it and if you
don't think that doesn't scare a mother to find out that a boy is your name to your blood
when you notice only got one kidney believe me i've had it i cried all the way to the doctor's
office
waiting to explode
the
certain changes have been taking place here such as the increase in the beatnik
crowd and the increase of uh the drugs that's uh used and distributed by the beatniks
you can save america and that's change every person one at a time by the power of all my
god working in that corruption the gates of hell was governed because in bible times government
said at the gates of the city yes the bible says the gates of hell shall not prevail there's no
question about it we are going to see the most tremendous turn of events not only in this nation
it's going to affect the whole world peace did hitler say next move czechoslovakia there are a
few beatniks in berkeley i'm sure from what you folks hear you would think that the population in
berkeley is really becoming beatnik like all the time well the percentage of them is increasing
a bit but with this movie actor getting into the governor's
chair ronald regan from hollywood i think that he's going to tame them down a little bit
may i close on a personal note i was asked once in a press interview what book i would
choose if i were shipwrecked on an island and could have only one book for the rest of my life
i replied that i knew of only one book that could be read and re-read and continue to be a challenge
so i'm going to tell you that i'm going to be reading a book called the bible the old and new
testament i can only add to that my friends that i continue to look to the scriptures today for
fulfillment and for guidance indeed it is an incontrovertible fact that all the complex and
horrendous questions confronting us at home and worldwide have their answer in that single book
God gave us a purpose.
God put us here for some reason.
Everything that we do here is aimed at the next world or it ought not to be done.
You who are pastors, who have been chosen by God Almighty to lead,
we are talking about Christianizing America.
We are talking about simply spreading the gospel in a political context.
Rape is kind of like the weather.
If it's inevitable, relax and enjoy it.
Clayton Williams.
If it's a legitimate rape, the female body has ways to try and shut that whole thing down.
Todd Akin.
Rape victims should make the best of a bad situation.
Rick Santorum.
Even when life begins in that horrible situation of rape,
it is something that God intended to happen.
Richard Murdoch.
In the emergency,
they have what's called rape kits where a woman can get cleaned out.
Jodi Lobenberg.
If not for rape and incest, would there be any population left?
Steve King.
She was dressed like a 21-year-old prostitute.
Students should show up in proper attire.
Kathleen Pasadomo said this about an 11-year-old girl gang-raped in Texas by 18 men.
If a woman has the right to an abortion,
why shouldn't a man be able to have a child?
David
And if a woman has the right to an abortion,
why shouldn't a man be able to use his superior strength to force himself on a woman.
At least the rapist's pursuit of sexual freedom doesn't in most cases result in any one's death.
Lawrence Lachman.
What is the value of that life?
And is it subordinate to the values of its host child?
Jose Oliva.
My friend, God almighty does not hear the prayer of a Jew for how in the world can
God get the prayer of a man who says Jesus Christ is not the true Messiah.
It is blasphemous.
we need to bring the world to the foot of the cross.
And we have been dealing with and showing who these people were
and telling you that they were representatives of all the 12 tribes of Israel
who were, without a question, Anglo-Saxon, Celtic, kindred peoples
because that's the true Israel of the Bible.
That's who the true, true Israel of the Bible is.
I shall go down in history as the greatest German.
In your word, you have said all no-whites, meaning all non-whites, I suppose,
are Satan's children.
You have said that they are devil worshippers who feed their children to crocodiles,
which makes you sound like a white Muslim.
Well, whatever it makes me sound like, sir,
these things that I base the arguments upon the difference of race
is from a biblical standpoint.
We're not associated with them.
We like to think of ourselves as the ultimate minority,
the subgeniuses, the final organization,
the most understood minority.
They don't take us seriously, and rightfully so.
What happens if they cross us?
You know, maybe we pray or something.
Most often we don't.
We don't know about it.
We are in this until the Lord himself comes back and rescues all of us.
All right, cut him off.
Leave him on.
Am I still on the air?
If this is how he wants to go out, this is how he wants to go out.
I don't have a way to say it, except that I just went out of booze.
Yeah.
Look, Mr. Schumacher's right here.
Do you want to talk to him?
Booze is all the reasons we give for living.
And if we can't think of any reasons of our own, we always have the God.
Holy Mary.
We don't know about all this pointless.
Pain, humiliation, and decay.
So there better be someone somewhere who does know.
That's the God.
He's saying that life is bulls**t.
And it is.
So what are you screaming about?
Man is a noble creature that's all in his own world.
Who needs God?
Well, if there's anybody out there that can look around this demented slaughterhouse of a world we live in
and tell me that man is a noble creature,
believe me, that man is full of bulls**t.
What's so damn funny?
I can't help it.
It's funny.
I don't have anything.
Thanks.
This is going out live to 67.
I don't have any tits.
Leave him on.
And I was married for 33 years of shrill, shrieking fraud.
Mr. Hackett's trying to get through to you.
Tell Mr. Hackett to go f**k himself.
So I don't have any bulls**t left.
I just ran out of it, you see.
No, I don't.








So I have to wait in нарrear and talk to her.










A crisis.
Maybe haven't seen the next basicㅎㅎ
But we'll never know
Empty blackness is too vast
For our lonely telecast
Scan the sky
Hail the stars
Hey nice try
It's too far
Take the best of what we are
Aim it at some
Distant star
Post a selfie
To the void
Of the world that we destroyed
Endless night
No one hears
Flash of light
Disappears
M оn thisよね
Tell us what's ours
It won't help
It's just a war

Who can tell us
The same
A nice try
It's too far
Endless night
No one hears
Flash of light
Disappears
The Big Selfie
Cuts from the first times that Dr. Drummond and I were guests on Dallas radio shows
We are talking with Reverend Ivan Stang and the good Dr. Philo Drummond from the Church of the subgenius
and guys we've been getting a lot of phone calls that people do not think you guys are real
Well we're dead serious, this is all too real George
It really is, I mean, you have stacks of pamphlets here, some incredible reading matter
That could be added a song.
We just want to emphasize that if you call in, we'll give you the post office box number,
and for a mere dollar, something you would drop out of your pocket and not even worry about picking up,
you can get more reading matter than you could read in two days' time.
And even then, you wouldn't comprehend it all.
Ten years from now, our pamphlets will take the place of Federal Reserve currency.
That might be the way things have been going.
You can get those pieces of paper that Bob sends from P.O. Box.
I'm going to read that number again to you folks.
P.O. Box 807 Glen Rose, Texas 76043
You can leave off the zip code, but send that dollar.
That's right, and we'll return to you this tiny, tiny little book that we call it.
It's called The World Ends Tomorrow and You May Die.
And that donation.
Thank you.
I may say solely goes to cover the cost of printing and mailing.
That's exactly right.
We only use that dollar to fight the conspiracy with their own weapon.
I mean, we're fighting fire with fire.
And that dollar, it's sure it's buying some paper, but it ain't the paper that you're getting.
It ain't the words you're reading that's important.
It's the feeling.
It's the power that comes out of Bob.
You're here right now for the power of a miracle.
God drives that tumor out of the power.
The power.
The power.
The power.

The power.
The power.
We're on the air with Mr. Opinion and the founders of the Subgenius Foundation.
Well, Mr. Opinion, I want to talk to the founders.
Yes.
I think this is terrific.
This is what we need.
Well, thank you.
Ma'am, we feel that people out there have had about all they can stand.
And it's up to us to finally do something about it.
I think so.
And I have a billion dollars that I haven't been using.
And I thought maybe, now, where do we want to go to establish all this?
Well, with your billion dollars, you can either buy a billion pamphlets from us,
which you can also pick those up, by the way, at Earth Base Bookstore at Oak Lawn and Lemon
and at a place called Remember When.
Or you could also buy your own Church of the Subgenius.
Clench all your own.
And, uh...
Well, isn't it also true that the Klan has a money-making system of a few people at the top,
and they make these people buy these sheets, and they're now more of an elaborate robe,
and it's a pretty money-making scheme.
That is not true.
And I bet you can feel that warm, that warm feeling building up in your wallet.
A little bit?
Yeah.
Can you feel the Bob energy coming through your wallet?
Yes, it makes those little dollars on that chopper jump right out of your back pocket and help Bob.
So I think, uh, I think now that we've got a very large congregation here,
we ought to go around and ask people just what Bob has done for you.
I want you to think about what...
Just make a quick testimonial, a short testimonial about what Bob has done since he came into your life.
Uh, Swami?
Hey, Bert.
Well...
Oh, here we...
No, no, no, I ain't coming, Bert.
Well, I had some impure thoughts this weekend.
Oh, I understand.
And, uh, well, I soiled the bed sheets last night,
and I think that Bob definitely had a hand in that somewhere.
Oh, friends, Bob can make them dreams come true.
Certainly.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I think this is about the sickest, sickest, sickest thing I've ever heard on KFJZ since I've been listening to it.
Who?
I am just a...
I am...
I'm thoroughly ashamed of KFJZ right now.
You know, I'm getting, uh, strong trance indications from this man that he was the...
the high liar of Baghdad at one time.
I don't...
I'm not interested in you, I'm just...
In your past life?
I don't know what I think about this sick, sick, sick program that you're putting on here.
What? That's...
Well...
KFJZ as of now, this is terrible.
You don't believe people should start their own cult if they want to?
I don't think so.
People...
I mean, yeah, people, you know.
But not, uh, not this is... this is the most famous thing I've ever heard of.
Welcome home, Virgil!
Welcome home, son!
Uh, I'm home!
But where are the aluminum people?
They're here, too!
Here?
Don't be afraid, son.
They're a part of you now, and you're a part of them!
But I'm all mixed up!
It's part of the photonic-verbonic plan!
Wow!
Are you my real father?
Am I your real father?
Ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho!
Homo!
Ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho!
Homo!
Ham!
Ham!
Ham!
Ham!
Ham!
Ham!
Ham!
Ham!
Ham!

How would I describe the world of the future?
Oh, it's safe.
Complex, very complex, and...
Well, it's imaginary.
It's clean.
Oh, and above all, it's funny, and...
Well, sure, it has its drawbacks,
but, well, nobody's perfect.
And so we bid fond farewell to the future
and that romantic and cosmopolitan end of the rainbow.
Like the wonderful pages of a storybook
filled with the glorious living pictures of tomorrow.
It's all we have to look forward to,
and it probably has a place for you.
I'm so famous!
Mr. Camera, don't leave yet.
Look, we know we aren't fooling you.
You people probably think this world looks real bad or something.
Well, you're probably laughing at us
because it's so obvious and exaggerated.
Well, of course it is.
See, that's what so Arkansane about it.
We're laughing back at you.
See, we're here in the future,
and you, you're there in the past.
And he who laughs last...
See you soon.
Now, children, it's time for recess.
Please roll up your sleeves.
Hold it a minute, folks.
Listen to Charlie Muggs.
I've been listening to that stuff.
That's no good.
That's bozo talk.
If you want to know what the future's really like,
put some money in Mr. D. Smith's pocket
because he's got what it takes.
And we're going to bring you the future just like it is
because in the next show, I'm the hero.
The future show is going to bring you Charlie Muggs
and I know what it's all about
because, brother, I've been around.
My friend, it is not God and country.
It's God.
It's God.
Put your hands on the radio.
Put your hands on the radio.
Put your hands on the radio.
And that's subgenius.
Dot com.
