In my head of hearts.
Oh, no, there's no such thing as being out of funny noises, Stang.
No, there's not.
Sit down and put your feet up on the huffer and just relax.
We're going to teach you how funny noises influence our lives everywhere and every day.
We hear these sounds and many more every day in our working life.
On the way home from school or uptown, it's always some...
And all these wonderful noises have meanings that only the inner ear and the open eye and the third nostril can...
The subgenius.
Our...
Slack.
One of the things that's quite interesting, it pertains to concessions.
I don't know how many of you have ever attended a tennis game.
If it's a championship game, such as they have in New York at Forest Hills,
every time the ball is hit from one player to the other or served,
you see the heads go this way and that way and back and forth.
Well, I have a story that works a little differently.
The heads that I speak about go up and down.
And that is while they're standing in front...
In front of a high striker.
And the town boys like to show their girlfriends how strong they really are.
They give them a big mallet.
And, of course, this machine can be gauged.
We can let them hit the bell three times in a row and get a cigar or a cupidol.
Or they couldn't hit it if they dropped a 10-ton tractor on top of it.
Everything is controlled practically around those games.
Well, the high striker is...
On purpose.
They hit the high striker, everybody looks up,
and while they're up, if their coats are open,
it's very easy for someone who gets his hands mixed up into someone else's pocket.
If he's caught, he said,
Pardon me, I thought I was in my own pocket.
There have been more reports of unidentified...
Flying objects, sometimes called flying saucers, seen over the city...
...
Seen over the city...
...
Seen over the city...
...
Ah, yes, UFOs.
This is a classic question.
Do you believe in UFOs?
Have you ever seen a UFO?
...
I will admit this.
...
People are...
...
...seeing...
...things.
UFOs, unidentified stuff.
People are definitely seeing things.
Is it paranormal, supernatural stuff?
Are they spirits, are they demons, are they godly things?
Are they little green men?
I doubt it.
I do.
I doubt it.
I'm not discounting what people say.
I doubt it.
I need more convincing.
...
...
...


I do.
I need more convincing.
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
?
?
?
?

?
?
?

?

?
I have
modified my opinion. The UFO phenomenon is real. Aliens are real. Yes, that's the real thing.
People are definitely seeing things. Yes, I've seen stuff. I've seen weird things. UFO
things. I've seen weird things. I've seen weird things. I've seen weird things. I've
seen angels, devils, demons, godly apparitions. I've seen incredible looking weird things
darting around in the skies. I've seen all kinds of stuff. I've seen all kinds of stuff.
What they all are, I don't know.
Are they spirits? Are they demons? Are they godly things? Are they little green men? Yes,
they are. Stay away from this stuff. Stay away from soothsaying and fortune tellers
and occult type stuff. Stay away from devils, demons, spirits, UFOs, little green men. They
are alien in nature. They are alien in nature. They are alien in nature. They are alien in
nature. Most scientists agree. The UFO phenomenon is real. That's the real thing. Yes. Yes.
Yes.
Ladies and gentlemen, I want to have you meet some of the tiniest, smallest, cutest,
little people in all of the world. A lot of people are under the impression that all the midgets in the world come from a colony over in Germany. Let me assure you that such is not the case. Midgets come from all parts of the world. Every race, creed, color, and nationality. And I want you to meet some of our little people. I know that every one of you have a thought in your mind. Do midgets marry? Do they have children? What are their children like?
We have a little booklet here, and I'm going to make you a present of it in a moment. And that booklet will tell you everything there is to know about midgets. It is not printed in medical terms, but plain, everyday English language. It calls a spade a spade. It tells you the things you want to know. And believe me, I know the things that you are thinking in your mind now. You want to know if that little man is capable of marrying a normal-sized midget.
Or if that little woman is capable of marrying a normal-sized man. That book explains that to you. Tells you about the children that they have. Now listen, after you get the book, which is free, here's how you get it.
Everywhere that these little people go, people ask them for a souvenir or their autograph. Anytime you can get anything from a midget, even though it be so small and insignificant as an autograph only.
You can get it on a scrap of paper. Get it. And keep it. And as long as you live, you will enjoy nothing but good luck. That being the case, these little ladies and gentlemen have a very unusual souvenir for you.
They have had made and printed, in accordance with their size, a holy Bible. Not a big Bible like you have at home, or take to church, or mass, or Sunday school.
But one about the size of a postage stamp. Here it is. Look. Beautifully bound and embossed in gold. And as tiny as it is, you can read every letter, in every word, on every page.
Now here's what they've done. They've got a few of these Bibles here. They're going to pass among you, and they're going to sell you that little Bible for exactly what it costs to print.
The Bible.





This is not a money-making proposition for them, for every one of these tiny performers receives a very large salary. They are the best in their field, and they know it.
They sell this little Bible for 25 cents, and when you get your little Bible, free, at the same time, they are going to give you that book, autograph, that tells you the story about the midgets.
One thing I must mention.
They will not...
They will not ask you to buy one. They won't solicit you. If you want one, you must be quick. Hold your hand up where I can see you, and I will direct the little ladies and gentlemen to you.
The lady there, the gentleman there, the little boy over there, hold them up high, please. I hope we have enough for every one of you. As long as they last, 25 cents. And hurry, get your hand up. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen.
The Bible.
They will not ask you to buy one. They will not ask you to buy one. They will not ask you to buy one.

Backing up, my friend. I mentioned I got some coaxial flutter in my unit.
The Bible.
The Bible.
The Bible.
The Bible.
The Bible.
The Bible.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Right-o.
We have returned to Earth.
Dr. Hal and I have...
In one piece after an astonishing extra-cosmic voyage
lasting, well, who can measure,
in the timeless realms of the eternal.
Well, either that or we never left.
Well, that's all a matter of...
And it seemed that way.
We are back in one piece.
I hope our fans are pleased that we weren't dashed to pieces
in a meteor shower or scarred by cosmic radiation.
Although we feel like maybe all of those things did happen.
It could have happened in my case.
Friends, we just heard the amino acids...
The amino acids.
...who were and were not at 17X Day Drill.
It was a strange thing.
The mad...
artist...
carnival guy, the old carny guy,
that was Nate Eagle.
Nate Eagle, yes.
The great...
I noticed that that had that faint echo
that you get from very old tapes.
Yes, me too.
So you weren't doing it.
No, no.
And the Papa Joe Mama rants are like that
because they're from very old tapes.
They bleed through from the layer of tape underneath
or just over each layer.
And the entire layer gets through there.
Boy, you sure know that technological talk.
Oh, yeah.
And finally, friends, the UFO phenomenon,
moody piece there with talk show and music,
was by...
Insert artist name here.
Joe Jeziorski.
It's too exquisite and exclusive for us
to be able to tell you the source.
But we have our first...
First review of X Day, Ian.
We literally just got back to the Slacker Mansion
and I checked the email.
What did it say?
Well, it's from Reverend Anacron and he says,
Reverend Stang,
the first couple of days of X Day were great,
but Thursday night,
Sex Mortis did a very good impression
of a Viking berserker until 6 a.m.
It was beyond annoying, Luna,
and I felt he was potent.
Potentially violent.
Reverend 808 was good enough to come over
and try to talk him down,
but he was not having any of it.
Hope this email finds you safely aboard the saucers
in the champagne room with one or two sex goddesses.
Well, we're close.
We're in the WCSB studios
with one other person each.
Dr. Howell and myself.
Princess Wee is saving Starwood.
Starwood.
And we hope that we'll hear from...
Dave.
Suck a tag.
Any minute now.
Yes, it's true.
We ought to get a special transmission
on the approved frequency.
But, you know,
these things, events like this,
will inculcate your inner zen lesson
as your patience is sorely tried
again and again
with every minute event that transpires.
But it's hard to believe.
For me, personally,
your humble...
I'm a humble narrator
that now I'm sitting here
in a comfortable, warm, safe radio studio
and only last night
I was at a bonfire
where pagans were playing bongo drums
and Bob Dobbs was being burned
in an auto-da-fay.
That was a spectacular burning, Dave.
Did I dream it?
Did I just dream that Lonesome Cowboy Dave called?
Yes, you did.
It was a living nightmare.
He has that dream all the time.
It was a living nightmare at Wisteria?
No.
Getting a call from Lonesome Cowboy Dave
is a living nightmare.
Most people had a great time at Wisteria.
I can guarantee you that.
Because it...
Did you have a great time, Dr. Howell?
Well, there were moments I certainly enjoyed.
Yes, indeed.
Some moments.
Some special, infinite moments.
Some special...
Moments of infinite duration.
What do you want?
Well, there were some unthinkably,
weird things that happened
that most weird and bizarre of which
was that the weather was fabulous the whole time
by Earth standards.
After all these wimps have been bitching
about how terrible it is
and how hot and too many bugs and so on.
Well, this certainly showed them.
It was like in the 70s
and breezy and cloudy every day.
I was breezy and cloudy back in the 70s.
Yeah.
And you know why that was?
Because all the jerks didn't come this time.
No, they...
That's why we've had bad...


We've had bad weather before.
There were too many jerks.
Cons aren't kids today.
Don't even know how to do the jerk.
No, and they're not being...
I don't know how to do the twerp or whatever it is.
Twerk.
Tweak.
Tweaking or...
Twerking.
Twerking.
Get in line with the feet already dead
in their service of the country, old man.
Do the dork.
The twerk.
Twerk.
Do the dork.
It's called twerking,
but I surely think our audience
doesn't want to hear about a discussion of that phenomenon.
Or do they?
I don't know.
Cue Miley Cyrus footage.
It might seem a little picayune and presentable.
We've got so much to talk about,
we immediately have to plunge into mediocrity?
Well, no, it's not mediocre if Dave's doing the twerking.
I'm sorry.
Have you ever seen Dave twerk?
No, I wasn't.
I wasn't.
I didn't mean that.
You're putting words in my mouth.
I, um...
Unfair twerk hours.
Unfair twerk hours.
It was a twerk-related injury.
A twerk-related injury?
A twerk, yeah.
Not with me.
There may have been twerk-related injuries.
There might have been.
Actually, we prevented a lot of them.
Yeah.
Once again, it wasn't going to happen to me on this trip.
But who cares about that
when you can see the gates of the universe itself
open wide, rolling on adamantine hinges?
Which you did do.
At exactly 5 a.m. on the morning.
Showing the infinite regress,
the path of the giant craft.
And they hummed as they hovered over...
Craft!
Oh!
I thought it was one of those leggy routines
like when they had the reunions and stuff.
You mean the Gilligan's Island family reunion?
Yeah.
One of those things where...
With the Harlem Delfts.
The professor and Marianne are expected to show certain body parts
before they're allowed to go to...
Oh, that never happens.
And all of a sudden...
We always prevent that from happening on Gilligan's Island.
Not at X-Day, however, I should add.
Yes, there is a certain sanitation in pink media,
as we remember, who suffered from its greatest onslaught.
But at X-Day, nothing is censored.
There are none of those hovering black rectangles that you see.
You get to see what's under those rectangles each and every time.
Aside from the normal, everyday blackness,
black rectangles that float around there.
I get those in my vision.
They're called floaters, but most people can't see them.
Just me.
For the most part.
Have you ever seen the bloaters?
Oh, man.
I was just in the grocery store.
I saw the floaters in those sweat lodges
that line the road at the Wisteria campground.
Are they, you know, in the tanks?
Floatation tanks.
Yeah, there's stuff floating in the bottom of...
Someone should flush that.
I noticed that the campground management
left little pink mints in those sinks.
Doo-dah.
Doo-dah.
What a delightful way to go.
It's beautiful for them to think of such a thing,
to have a concierge service like that going all the time.
You guys are just being wild and insane,
like Neanderthals or ape people or something.
Oh, ape people are sane as you and me.
Did you know there were...
There are lots of giants in this entire area of the United States?
They found their bodies are 15 feet tall.
It was the tallest of them.
What's your source for that?
Um, uh, um...
Or, um...
Many, many.
They used to believe that there were giants
and they found the Cardiff giant and so forth,
but then long-faced scientists said they were all fakes
that were carved by clever fakers.
And there were no fossilized giants.
But the Bible says that there were indeed
huge, ungainly, uncouth giants in those days.
Yes.
And so did the Native Americans.
And one of the sources I was going to cite,
it was an expert, I couldn't remember the name of the book,
but it was actually peer-reviewed in a journal and stuff,
and he found thousands of bones, tibia,
and, well, that's what I was saying, too.
I heard it on one of those, you know, one of those radio shows,
and stuff that sees flying saucers everywhere
instead of where they should be.
But the guy who was...
No, it was on a regular off-news program.
That's right.
Well, you see, as one who often thinks about these issues,
then I would have to ask, who examined the bones in question?
Often untutored would-be anatomists
misidentify bones from different creatures.
And the bones of elephants,
elephants were originally thought to be the bones of the cyclops.
Its huge skull seems to have an eye socket for a single eye in the middle,
an anatomical feature misinterpreted.
And the tibias, fibulas, and femurs,
especially of certain large dinosaurs,
resemble those of humans,
which was another reason people thought they had dug up dino...
I mean, human bones in the old days.
What I think they caused a celebrity,
was that they actually found, you know,
huge human foot bones,
which was the telltale characteristic of all humans.
If they found anything telltale and characteristic,
it would either be those arches or the teeth.
They really tell that tale.
And curiously enough,
supersized humanoid teeth have been found.
But today's science say,
well, they are simply from a giant ape
that had somewhat human-like teeth
through a freakish anomaly.
Well, that would be reverent.
Richard's skull.
It was Dr. Franz Weidenrich in his book,
Apes, Giants, and Men.
Well, they mentioned the pattern of two teeth,
or two sets of teeth running parallel to each other,
both up and down, bottom and top.
Only these mammals can do it.
Reptiles don't get to chew their food.
Their mouths can only open and close like a pair of scissors.
But humans and cows can move their lower jaws all around one
and chew their cud.
But if they ever found a giant human tooth,
that would cinch the fact that, yes,
there were giants in those days.
Well, these people claim that there were, like,
two layers of teeth, like two front toppies
and two bottom lowers, you know,
right next to each other, like double teeth.
And I've also heard...
Some people get that today.
Sometimes extra teeth grow.
Pardon?
Sometimes extra teeth grow.
So dentists will tell...
I'll tell you that, Dave.
They sometimes have to remove extra teeth
that grow from behind the original teeth.
Well, giants need extra teeth
so they can grind your bones to make their bread.
Yes, let's not forget that.
Now, in...
Make cross sounds out of your forehead.
When Gulliver returned from Brobdingnag,
or as it actually should have been called, Brobdinggrag,
he was picked up by a ship,
and he had some curiosities that he'd picked up
in the giant's kingdom,
and he offered some to the captain of the ship
for saving him,
since he didn't have any money to pay him,
and the captain chose a tooth which Gulliver had,
which had been pulled from a footman
who had a toothache,
and he had asked to keep it
and had been allowed to keep it in his little house,
which was eventually picked up by a giant eagle
and dropped hundreds of feet into the sea
until it floated.
So nothing in the Isaac Asimov
annotated Gulliver's travels.
It says...
Would prove the existence of a giant human
more than this tooth,
so that captain knew just what to ask for.
Well, then, was Gulliver actually traveling
at the same time he was collecting
and picking out these various teeth?
No, he didn't pick them.
He was a curiosity.
He was the smallest person in the kingdom of Brobdingnag,
but as a favorite at court,
he was able to get certain things,
and when a servant there had a toothache
and the tooth...
was drawn,
he asked for and got to keep the tooth
in his cabinet of curiosities,
where he also had a wasp sting from a wasp
he killed once with his sword
and a bunch of other stuff.
I know that stuff happened
because I've read that Gulliver's Travels comic book
and it didn't have no giants in it.
It was just little bitty people,
and he was the only giant.
Well, that was the first part of his travels.
You know, he went to a lot of different places.
He sailed the seven seas,
but there were more than that.
There were actually 11 people.
He went to Japan.
He went to the floating island...
of Laputa.
He went to Balnebarby,
where he saw the terrible Strollbrugs,
or immortals,
the people who never die.
Unfortunately, they keep getting older.
Yes, they want to desperately and cannot.
It's one of the sad tales,
and it's similar to a lot of the action
that occurred down in Wisteria, too.
A lot of these people just wanted...
came down there,
they wanted to be released from their bodies
and set forth into a brand new kingdom,
a kingdom of pleasures,
perhaps earthly or otherwise pleasures,
and were let down once again,
just because of Bobb'n-Edge Gullible Travels.
Well...
Keep on resurfacing.
I'm sorry.
Dr. Howell, did you notice that we passed a place
called Gulliver Travel Center on the highway?
Yes.
These days, everything is taken care of by automation,
but back then, if you wanted to travel,
you had to sign up with a full-rigged wooden sailing ship
and set forth.
Now, Gulliver Travel Center, it's a very, very good place.






Gulliver started as a surgeon,
a respectable trade in his day,
but later accumulated enough fortune
traveling in its various exploits
to become a captain of several ships.
However, he didn't have good luck.
Often he ran into mutineers and pirates.
Well, when you first take off in your ship,
or actually it moves very slowly by modern standards,
you'd hardly think you were moving at all,
then you'd think the ship was going to sink
because this horrible racket is coming at you from everywhere.
Well, in the 17th century, when you're on a ship,
every board, the sea makes everything crackle and groan,
and you think it's coming apart, and you hear this
coming from all directions.
The masts, the spars, the decking, the planks of all the decks.
But it holds together, even though it was pegged together
by illiterate carpenters and joiners.
You have a long memory, Dr. Howell.
Yes, sometimes I think I have lived too long.
A long memory and short of breath.
I know what you mean, Dr. Howell.
Yes, I can barely breathe.
My breath is failing, my dear son.
But remember, remember J.R. Bob's and his church of his sons.
Do you need your medicine, Dr. Howell?
Yes, I'm going to take some right now.
Oh my God, that's a big pill.
Dr. Howell's favorite medicine.
Oh, it's a horse pill.
I got it from Harry's Light Horse Cavalry.
How do you get that thing in there?
Oops, not this one. That's a different box.
Harry Light Horse.
How was your X-Day, Dave?
Yeah, Dave, you've been awfully silent about your X-Day.
We'd like to hear the straight on it right now.
You can understand my pallor.
My home is full of squalor.
I live and I die like a chicken pie.
No.
They say no, no.
Well, that sums it up.
Well, at least there was a chicken pie in there.
No problem.
The chicken pie sounds good.
It was. It's a little break from the routine.
Two great things are in there, chicken and pie.
I wear a hospital bib nightie around most of the time and a pair of fuzzy socks.
And just go back and forth. I read my old Dashiell Hammond books.
Some of them date back to 130,000 years old.
I'm in pretty good shape, too.
There were giants on the Earth in those days.
When you take those paperback books back in time and you leave them outside the time machine,
they're really, you can't even pick them up when you get out.
They fall to pieces in your hands.
At least some of mine did.
Well, that reminds me of that time travel trip I had at X-Day.
I was able to go back in time any time I wanted, and I chose to go back and kill Hitler.
And I was about to do that, and I found out he was my grandfather.
Hitler.
Don't you know it.
And you should have seen the twinkle in old Adolf's eye when he saw the little stain.
Don't you mean kill Hitler and you pressed kiss Hitler?
I thought that was, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt, but I thought that when you went into the program,
it came back saying, don't you mean kill Hitler?
And you just went ahead and put what you had in there, which was kiss Hitler.
Maybe if only someone had kissed Hitler at the right time, maybe he wouldn't have been that frustrated madman
that led his country to the end.
He got a lot of kisses when he came into his own.
Oh yeah, once he was a führer.
Once he was a starving teenager in Austria, he fell in love with many girls, and he'd point them out and say,
that one is the one I'm going to marry.
Oh, well, congratulations Adolf.
Well, I haven't told her yet, you fool.
Hey, did I tell you guys about my movie idea, Harold and Maude and Kumar Go to World War II?
They go back and, their idea, Harold and Maude and Kumar Go to World War II,
decide that if they could get some of Hitler's artwork, they could bring it back to the modern times
and sell it for a lot of money, because it's by Hitler, right?
So they go back in time, they find Hitler before he's famous, he's just a starving painter in art school,
he's never had a girlfriend, he doesn't have any fun.
Well, in the process of buddying up to this guy, they get him high, they get him laid,
and the next thing you know, his, and then they buy his artwork,
and then he tells the Nazi dudes to go away, go to hell, he didn't have anything, he's having a good time,
he doesn't want to mess with politics, he's having a successful art career.
So when Harold and Maude and Kumar get back to the modern world,
there hasn't been a World War II, and the artwork they brought back is worth nothing,
because it was just by that Hitler guy.
So he still never made it, and was in pain.
No, but he got slack. You see, they went back in time, they didn't kill Hitler, they gave Hitler slack.
You see, if only someone had given Hitler slack, it would have been slack for everybody.
No World War II, no Hiroshima, Dresden, Nagasaki, all the post-war world would not have happened
if Hitler could just have had some slack.
The Teabagger Party would never have come along.
Yeah, it would never have existed, not even in their wildest imagination.
But Nazis is so, Nazis stands for National Socialist Parties, that means they're socialists,
that means they're communists, which is worse than Democrats.
So they're, the case is, they're communists.
You don't know nothing about your history book.
This country is founded on Jesus!
And let's hope he doesn't wiggle, because that'll upset the old apple cart.
Speaking of upsetting apple carts, I actually, as a small child, saw Axis Sally walk into a local drugstore.
Sounds like the beginning of a joke.
No, it wasn't a joke, it was just like, that's her.
I didn't know who her was, because I was holding my mommy's hand.
But people started whispering, that's Axis Sally.
And she admitted, suddenly she acted a little bit funny, but the drug has still waited on her, and left, and when she left, she said,
I know who Tokyo Rose is, but I don't, I actually don't know who Axis Sally was.
She was like Tokyo Rose, only she moved back to this part of Ohio after she got done, I don't know whether she was forgiven or just slapped on the floor.
She was in Germany, the war came out, so she did broadcasts for the German side, and had a nice apartment, rather than a cold concentration camp.
But she did return to the US, and also, what about Lord Haw Haw?
He was the British guy, who would talk about how great the Nazis were, and then Haw Haw Haw Haw.
After the war, he didn't Haw so much.
The Haw, the Haw.
Well, Moseley's Raiders, I think of them when I think of him, because I can't think of more than two things at a time, so.
But Axis Sally, you actually saw Axis Sally, met her.
As a young, as a very young child.
As she was a young girl, I was a young girl, I was a young girl.
As a young spring.
And everyone whispered, kind of loudly.
She was sitting over there, and everybody looked away, like they were examining the products they were about to buy, and she went to the drugger's, and got her stuff and walked out.
You know, someday, Dave, there will be some people whispering, this sounds like cowboy Dave, sounds like cowboy Dave.
Don't serve that guy, it's him.
And it'll be practically anybody that's unshaven, and it's just wet their pants.
Anybody who looks like that, they'll just assume automatically they were favored with the gift of the view of Dave.
Got out of bed in a hurry today, eh, lonesome cowboy Dave?
What you talking about?
I was asleep the entire time. Much the same way you guys are right now.
What? Huh? Yeah, yeah, that's right. Whatever. Whatever I said. You better pick up on it.
Well, no, I thought that everybody's brains were like in this weird synchro mesh.
Not everybody's brains.
None in all of ours.
No, some of us had to drive for five hours.
Five long hours.
Yeah.
I thought I was going to be going at light speed for five hours, but I was only going about an average of 60.
Because the other humans get in the way, don't they? They do. They get right in the way and they slow down, too.
No, actually.
They get behind me and push because I just as soon drive about five miles an hour all the time.
Driving or park it, buddy.
Look, he's clopping along at a top speed of Grandma Tessie in her goat car, causing a massive traffic tie up on the freeway.
Yeah, speaking of traffic tie ups, this is a perfect excuse now, according to some constitutional lawyers.
Did you know that you can be stopped even for like a severe case?
A severe case of rosacea or acne?
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Better slap on the nice and soft.
Well, I thought it was ridiculous in the beginning, which was a car driving too slow or close to a person with too rigid.
All right, citizen, I can see your problem is acne. Step out of the vehicle.
You're going too slow, you're rigid, and you've got acne.
I mean, that means you're going too slow, you're rigid, and you've got acne.
Stay right there while we run your pimples through.
That configuration doesn't look good.
Keep you in my pocket here, and we'll have the results in exactly five seconds.
You are who you claim to be.
Oh, look.
Well, maybe that'll happen.
We don't know.
There's a strange new world to come in.
I wish you would hurry up.
We thought there was a strange new world to come in.
Oh, there is, Stag.
Yesterday.
Have faith.
Was that only yesterday?
Have hope.
Or was it yesterday?
Yes, it was.
That's what I was saying to you tonight.
I was saying, I can't believe that here we are.
We're back on planet America, and all this stuff was happening just within 24 hours.
I have the strangest mixture of tender feelings, sadness, and grief-stricken horror.
In other words, I'm back to normal.
Yes, you're totally overwhelmed and back to normal.
Oh, well, it has nothing to do with it so far, but the horror will increase as I get closer to...
My home turf.
This bleeding piece of earth.
This land.
This jeweled isle set in a silver sea.
California.
It's a damn foreign country.
Well, say as you.
To us, it's the good old U.S. of A.
Turtle Island is the...
We stole it fair and square.
Right.
The Turtle Island Foundation, as a matter of fact, is another name for the people who published my last two books.
Maybe that's why.
That's why they sunk like a turtle.
Oh, did I say that?
I know how that goes.
Um, I guess this was on a...
Well, anyway, you heard about how they excavated that hideous withered mummy.
Well, you see, they used to pull the brains of those things out through the nose with a little silver hook.
But when the mummy in question was excavated,
a scientific examination...
A frightful mummy was planned and conducted by the eminent Dr. William Minot.
He made the first deep incision of that cut.
There slowly trickled a thick crimson stream,
whose nature, despite the infinite ages dividing this hellish mummy's lifetime from the present,
was utterly unmistakable.
A few more deft strokes revealed various organs in astonishing degrees of non-petrified preservation,
all indeed being...
intact, except where injuries to the petrified exterior had brought about malformation or destruction.
The perfection of those ghastly, bulging eyes was uncanny,
and their exact state with respect to petrification was very difficult to determine.
But at 3.30 p.m., the brain case was opened,
and ten minutes later, our stunned group took an oath of secrecy,
which only such guarded documents as,
the future manuscripts of X-Day will ever modify.
Because, from the opening, we saw a pulsing, living brain.
So we just threw the whole thing on the fire and danced around it.
It was damn fine, isn't it?
Did you notice that guy lighting a cigarette off of the...
On the fire.
Off the fire on which Bob was burning.
Yes, it was the mummy of Bob.
Actually, his shoe.
The mummy of Bob.
The shoe of the mummy.
The shoe.
It was on...
It had a particularly colorful flame,
and another subgenius was, like, cooking hot dogs on it.
These subgeniuses have no awe of the mysteries of unfathomable nature.
We're not...
This is all real, by the way.
Yeah, this really happened.
We did chuck that mummy on the fire,
and it did cook and sparkle and fritzle, and...
It smelled good, actually.
Yes.
There was no slag like that.
It was pristine, except for the brain.
The brain was shown to be, or said to be, still active.
I'm sure we have to...
You know, some of this is just hysteria.
But there was other strangeness going on there.
In fact, a mystery which grew to dominate everyone's thoughts,
because some unthinkable thing stalked by night.
The first indication we had was a report of a pathetic,
little dog's death.
We always tell people not to bring pets to these festivals, by the way.
And that order is still in force, more so after what it was that we found.
I mean, the mysteries of X-Day are enough to blow the mind of a human,
let alone a dog or a cat.
Yes, Doctor Sinister, someone was out there,
and I don't know, the dog looked as if it had been...
If it was a dog, its cells had exploded.
It exploded.
Each individual cell.
Well, then maybe that was someone's X-Day fantasy,
was to see exploding dogs.
We had a very disgruntled couple leave,
and in tears and anger at us,
because of what happened to their stupid, horrible dog,
known as Snuckles,
which was already old and ready to die.
I didn't name it.
Already old, ready to die, with a grey muzzle,
quivering, wet, like a...
It has been described as like a rat with a tube top on.
Yapping.
And yapping, yipping, and exposing its foul little yellow teeth.
That was an expensive dog, though.
That was like a purebred shih tzu or whatever.
They get attached to these things.
Apparently that's what happened, but if they were so attached,
why did they let it wander off in the shadows,
an oncoming dog, to an unspeakable thing?
So there's a part of the puzzle, then.
The dog wandered off.
They left it off its leash away from the camp.
Now, in this panel, it's wandering a little farther off, see?
And then some errant subgenie,
wandering through the woods,
which found the corpse of the...
No subgenius would do that.
Well, actually, for a while, we suspected...
Well, we did.
...various different subgeniuses.
That was no boating accident.
...strangled over the poor little pup.
Actually, let's come out, come clean here,
and say we suspected that it was Dr. Legume,
a renegade subgenius,
the Simon Gertie of the subgenius movement,
who had joined forces with the dark thingies...
Well, the dog's neck, then, for sure. I'm sorry.
Well.
You know, there are things that lurk outside the campfire's circle of firelight,
waiting to pounce.
We thought our own dark legume had gone over to that side,
and perhaps was committing these more than sinister pranks.
But no, it was not the case.
So then it was a wild animal of some kind, perhaps...
No animal could do that.
No animal could do what this would happen.
It couldn't have been mountain lions, and that's that.
It weren't...
No regular animal.
No animal I ever heard of did that.
Giant spider.
Ha!
Well.
It's painful to even think about,
but so these people were actually angry at you personally.
They left.
We didn't have to withstand the brunt of their anger,
but the next day was the baptism.
And when we went down there to begin the baptism,
as I was standing in the cold water with the ladies and waiting,
and waiting,
Stang didn't come.
He didn't come to the edge,
and what in the world was going on?
So I had to wade out with my bare feet,
which aren't good at wading over pine cones and rocks,
to come up to Stang,
and a horrible sight,
if you thought the dog was bad.
Well...
I thought we weren't going to talk about this, Dr. Howard.
Oh, I thought we were.
Okay, I'm sorry.
Now I'll stop.
Okay, I got it all wrong.
I thought we were supposed to talk.
What are you talking about?
Well...
No, you can't hear any more about it.
Nope, no more.
Forget it.
Oh, the gory detail.
Man, spare us the fluff and give us the gory detail.
And the worst thing was that was just the beginning.
Now you're talking about it.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
We weren't going to talk about it.
We'll talk about it some other time on this program.
Yeah, yeah.
We have actual location...
What time after these liability issues have been taken care of?
We have to...
Right, exactly.
There are still ongoing investigations,
mostly by insurance companies.
And, of course, you know,
we don't want to jeopardize Wisteria's life.
Sorry I did that.
I was just getting excited and carried away with...
There weren't any rapes of cars.
There wasn't really...
Well, it wasn't a corpse found.
That's true.
There was no corpse found.
No corpse was found.
How can you prove it?
So you can go ahead and say all you want
about that bloody set of empty clothes.
Because there was no murder.
And it's not a crime to mutilate a teddy bear, is it?
Yes.
Is it?
Yes.
Not yet.
Did they eat it?
It's nanny stuff.
And it probably will become illegal
to mutilate a teddy bear.
I've been trying to find a way
for criminal...
Little baby teddy bears.
I've been trying to find a way
to make it a crime.
Yes, things are going right now.
There's nothing you're going to be able to do.
You won't be able to rape your own mom
for crying out loud.
Well, we will...
We are going to have to come out with...
Come out?
But there's a documentary in progress.
Oh, yes, that's right.
We've got a...
We want to release these facts bit by bit.
You can sit...
Sit back in your comfortable abode
and watch this on your little screen-o-rama
while we had to do all the nightmarish running
through the woods over the blood-flecked leaves
and hear the coarse panting of...
Oops, I'm talking about it again.
Let me put it this way.
We don't...
We want the full story to come out,
and it will.
It will, in time.
But we'd rather do it slowly
so as not to traumatize our Slack listeners
and other subgeniuses.
Yes, we'll shape this tale.
As we were traumatized
because I was shaken to my very core
by the events of what we call 17X Day Drill.
Yes.
Of course, no actual drill was used, but...
Well, the old nose drill.
It's kind of a psychosomatic kind of thing.
It kind of doesn't really exist.
It kind of does.
And near this location,
some rednecks were building an ark,
a huge...
Huge ark.
Yes, that's right.
I forgot about that.
They thought they would survive the iconoclasm
by sailing away like Noah and his sons,
Ham, Japheth, Shem, and...
Shemp.
Curly.
The iconoclasm?
Curly died young.
The iconoclasm?
With all the statues burned?
No, no, that's the econocataclysm
is the full title.
I've heard that...
The econocataclysm.
Econoclasm.
It's for a fraction of the retail price.
The econoclasm.
It's been...
I've used that term because it's been written
by other writers as if the word was econoclasm,
which sounds to me like iconoclasm.
But except you're breaking the economy.
No, the original term that Bob handed down
was econocataclysm,
which is ongoing,
but only in its beginning phases.
And in the symbolic sense,
the iconoclasm is the ritual burning of Bob.
That happened too?
Kind of like what you call...
You call it grove...
Harbinger's Grove, wherever it is out there.
The sacred grove.
Bohemian.
Of Dodona.
Oh, the Bohemian Grove.
Yeah, Bohemian's Donuts.
The crab claws were excellent.
Oh, yes, they're excellent
unless you happen to be clutched
in the mirus and propodus of a giant crabus.
Or one of the crabs.
It's kind of an unfortunate situation for all.
Did you ever see Attack of the Crab Monsters?
I did, I did.
I didn't.
I recommended it to Baby Bear,
and she saw it before I saw it.
I still haven't seen it.
The main thing I remembered from it,
I saw it as a kid,
probably at age 11 or so,
and it had a great scene of a guy
getting his hand snipped off by the giant crab.
And you actually saw it.
This was rare in the late 50s
to see the outstretched stump
and the chopped off hand
with the guy staring at it
and screaming.
Could we download that for Netflix?
Yeah, but it'll be an MST3K thing.
Oh, that's no good.
The thing is, the crabs...
You can download King Dinosaur,
but it's the MST3K thing.
The crabs are...
The people in this movie
are on a little tiny island,
and the crabs are underwater
chopping it up with their claws,
and the island's getting smaller and smaller.
Also, the crabs can imitate human voices,
and they call your name at night,
and you come out to see what's going on,
and snap.
Those crabs are spreading like cancer.
Speaking of knowing your names,
how about the Crabs of Gullible Island?
That sounds like a good name for the group.
Gullible Island?
The Crabs of Gullible Island.
That was a pretty good album
by the Swingin' Love Corpses.
Back, I'm thinking of 68.
Anyway, yeah, Attack of the Crab Monsters
had a good trailer.
Someday I'll catch up with you.
I can't believe you would recommend movies like that
to new minds.
I'm trying to be complete,
and I said I hadn't seen this,
but, uh, and then I...
It's pretty bad.
I've seen most of them.
There are a few that I haven't seen
that I put in the list.
I hope to see them.
It's a joy not to have seen every monster movie.
It means there's still some I can see.
There are probably thousands left
that even we have not seen,
but probably would not want to see.
Well, that's it.
Unless we were going to be immortal,
and that's why we wish Planet X
would hurry up.
I have no wish to spend time,
especially in my advanced age
of three figures,
watching a monster movie
that isn't any good.
Let's watch good ones
in this last little time we're in.
Why did you recommend Attack of the Crab Monsters?
Because in my research,
as I noticed, others had done so.
Copycat.
Also, she called me up.
She called me up.
She said,
she liked it.
I got feedback.
She liked the movie.
Well, there are many crabs.
Well, that just goes to show you.
I'm sorry.
Something.
I don't know.
Something.
Are there many crabs,
crab islands?
I mean, are there many crab horror movies?
I thought there were quite a few.
Well, there could be.
There's two?
What's the other one?
I don't know any other,
but it seems like such a profit that the media's.
Well, Mysterious Island had a giant crab.
That's what got Hal started on that.
That's the 19...
1963 version,
as opposed to the 1922 version,
although that had giant lizards.
But then also, there's crab.
How did you, like,
journey to Mysterious Island starring The Rock?
Hated it,
especially when Michael Caine rode on the back of a bee.
I didn't care for that at all.
I didn't either.
And he was doing his Alfie talk, you know,
and like,
going to crab.
Well, there was one scene that saved the whole movie,
and that was
Dwayne Johnson.
The Rock,
showing his son how to bounce berries off of his chest nipples.
Oh, for key right's sake.
I missed that.
I've only seen a piece of that movie.
I'm not going to recommend it to the Dr. Hal's movie list.
I'm sorry.
It's as bad as that modern Center of the Earth movie.
That one was better,
because at least they go to the center of the Earth there.
Is ripping nipples a part of the subject matter of all these materials?
No, it's a part of X-Day,
and we're just speaking, though,
nostalgically.
We're not going to see those nipples again for an entire other year.
I was talking about The Rock's nipples.
Oh, The Rock.
Well, yes, I'm this rock I built, Mike.
There were some good nipples at X-Day,
but we shouldn't be sexistful, should we?
Isn't that bad?
Are we?
Are we being sexist?
I'm just saying, not for another year.
I've had sex with rocks.
I've had sex with rocks many times.
I'm sure we all have.
Been on the rocks many times.
Yes, up and over and under, too.
And I forgot what I was doing.
All right, all right.
Now let's keep it clean here.
All right.
I wasn't intending to slide into vulgarity and bawdy effusions of...
Yeah, listen, I didn't mean to push it that way either.
See, I had the better things in mind.
On the other hand, I've just come here from X-Day,
and all the subgeniuses sit around the campfires
talking a stream of blue speech about bawdy parts, sounds,
all sorts of things.
Yeah.
And you can just imagine, do I have to draw you a picture?
Right, and that's just the hour of slack shows at the cafe.
You should hear what the kids back in the woods are doing.
Oh, my God.
Well, it's already done.
Oh, my God.
Well, it's all over and done with,
except for the recording and distributing of X-Day-related materials.
Yeah, I got my work cut out for me.
There's thousands of extrapolations based on each individual's memories
of what really happened.
And then their memories are, in turn,
each one reduced by a figure or factor of about 12,
meaning that only one-eighth or 8% of it,
8% of what they remember actually happened to them.
It may have happened to somebody else,
or it may have happened in the cloud ether of the air they were breathing.
Not the cloud again.
You know, I'm starting to doubt that any of this happened.
It seems so unnaturally impossible while I'm sitting here in this prosaic studio,
and...
But there's proof.
I mean, I think there's proof.
We brought back the negatives, the recordings,
unless they've been somehow erased or turned out blank.
Well, I hope not.
Maybe we'll look at them later tonight.
Check them out.
Go over that material carefully.
It'll take...
It's a days, days, days long effort to go through all that stuff, too,
because it's not just what you see.
The savage faces of the undergrown children.
Yes, one day they'll all be taken care of.
It's the background.
It's the hazy figures in the back.
Like, it's if they were...
Somehow pulling the puppet strings of the whole organization.
They were pulling and pushing a wheelchair.
That was what they were doing.
And someday it'll just be wheelchairs pushing other wheelchairs.
There was a terrible vision.
Geriatric subgenius, uh, X-Day.
Synphaltimus sex mortis had a terrible vision
of the wisterious stage
surrounded by an audience all in wheels.
Wheelchairs.
Everyone.
A gaunt and blue flame.
Old subgenius home.
Weak subgenie.
Filled with the pee-pee and the longings of years gone by.
Walking with different utensils they need now to maintain themselves.
Flip-flops.
Armchairs.
There were flip-flops, yes.
Little, little twists.
Oh, yes, madam.
There were flip-flops.
Oh, yes, madam.
There were wheelchairs.
Weep ye widders in lone homes
when a subgenius meets a from.
Madam, there were...
Do you remember the last scenes of Zardoz?
Monsters.
When they're all begging the Zardozes to kill them?
Yes, but then after that they play famous Beethoven's famous seventh symphony
and they grow old and die in peace.
But they grew very old, which was a nice touch, you know.
It wasn't like they were gonna...
And then they're just...
They're just skeletons sitting there.
Skeletons.
While the slow movement of Beethoven's seventh symphony plays.
But kids, you know what?
It's the end of this hour of slack.
Already?
But it's only the beginning...
It just seemed like it.
...of a million hours of synesthesia.
What he said.
Are you boys gonna be coming up for Dr. Sinister's show there?
Yeah, that's right.
Aren't you gonna stay tuned for Dr. Sinister's show?
Should Dave call back in about ten minutes?
You'll just...
Nothing.
Dave should call into my show any time he has the opportunity.
Stay tuned for more cartoon fun, kids.
Okay, friends.
So we'll call back in five...
Ten minutes.
And now here's Nenslow with that old subgenius hit,
Take Me Off to Space, y'all.
Take me off to space, take me off to space.
Come on down, you saucer man, and take me off to space.
Take me off to space, take me off to space.
Come on down, you saucer man, and take me off to space.
Thick needles in my belly take samples of my skin.
I don't care as long as I can live with saucer man.
I know that you don't take requests, but I'm a special case.
Take me off to space, take me off to space.
Come on down, you saucer man, and take me off to space.
Take me off to space, take me off to space.
Hey, commutilators, let me join your crew.
Give me a knife, you'll get a kick.

Bet your life I'll cut up cows for you
I don't care if you're some kind of ghastly fiend without a face
So come on down you saucer man and take me off to space
Oh, take me off to space, take me off to space
Come on down you saucer man and take me off to space
Take me off to space, take me off to space
Come on down you saucer man and take me off to space
Come down you tiny robots with your little nipper claws
You pale and bug-eyed aliens with white and clammy paws
Life is just a sucker's dream and death is a disgrace
So come on down you saucer man and take me off to space
Oh, take me off to space, take me off to space
Come on down you saucer man and take me off to space
Take me off to space, take me off to space
Take me off to space, come on down you saucer man and take me off to space
Come on down you saucer man and take me off to space
Take me off to space, take me off to space
Take me off, take me off to space
Take me off, take me off to space
Then I can't go anymore
Oh, hey there baby, can I fight it with you
This mouth just thought where you came from
You hit on me, ignore like a thief
I don't pay for ticking ways
Just wanna see
And unfortunate opens the door

worse. But some of you still have jobs. Even five bucks makes a big difference, even if it's only
once a month from enough of you. Fifty bucks makes an even bigger difference. All we're saying is
that blowjobs could go the way of Steve Jobs if you don't pay Dobbs. We also take checks and money
orders to Subgenius Foundation, P.O. Box 181417, Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Thanks for anything you can do to help Let There Be Slack.
