I'm the first yet he will go and will pour his seed upon the earth
and there will erupt a grievous sore bleeding out of the darkness a prayer for the dying
they want his slack they want his pipe they want his blood
welcome
to the subgenius radio ministry hour of
life
welcome
sponsored by the church of the subgenius
the subgenius hour of slack that you are about to listen to
is specially designed only to be played on radio station
and only in the city of
no well whatever friends i know that i'm doing this show from here in dallas texas
and even though i'm all by myself i can tell i'm having
there's a pirate who's coming
i'm gonna have trouble i'm gonna
i don't know
i can't
i can't guarantee anything about the show
it may
that's how you make clever pie buddy
i'm sorry
you stop living
you stop living
the game don't bug me no more
the game don't bug me no more
the game don't bug me no more
orange is whether you see banana
apple




pills
pay money
The end has come.
Look to the west.
Into the wastelands from thence cometh the evil.
Send us a sword in these troubled times.
To drive the conspiracy.
To destroy the conspiracy.
To drive it from our hearts and from our lands.
A shadow has fallen upon the land.
A shadow has fallen upon the way of the righteous.
Death's pride has lifted the veil of Armageddon.
For Bob's sweet nuclear kiss.
His promise is revealed.
The heavens break the seals.
God's writ the first scroll.
It sets your foot.
Standing in time, two worlds collide.
Break the numbers.
Break the chains.
There's nowhere to run.
There's nowhere to hide.
Face the torture.
Face the pain.
Ride the train into the fire.
Piss on the father. Piss on the son.
Lady Dobbs.
I see the end.
To take the children.
The saucer is the same one.
They're coming to set us free.
Bob, take my hand.
Take my money. Take my money.
Take me through the door.
Bob, I understand.
I'm but one yeti who knows the slack the conspiracy has ripped off.
Your cries of anguish.
Your cries of pain.
They shall rain upon the land as the billions meet their fate.
Hate descends upon the land.
Hate descends upon the fortress.
Hate descends upon the souls surrounding us one.
One hate is the answer.
One hate is alive.
One hate is the answer.

Hate lives through the yeti.
Hate cuts through the bullshit.
Do you believe in the power and glory?
The end is soon to pass.
And hell now surrounds us.
And hell on earth awaits you.
Even the innocent should feast on poisoned flesh.
The door awaits you.
Call it.
To burn your fucking ass down.
Give us the power.




We're spiritual strong-arm robbers.
I've seen the arrow on the door post that says this land is condemned.
All the way from Boston, Massachusetts to Jerusalem.
There's nowhere to run.
There's nowhere to hide.
Let the end times roll.
Let the end times roll.
Let the end times roll.
Let the end times roll.

Oh yes dear friends, let the end times roll.
That was Dr. Katadnick.
Dr. Katadnick, the first American legume at the final DeVival in Boston.
An incredible apocalyptic rant.
And friends, we have so much, so much more.
We have been burning our way across America with DeVivals.
I'll be bringing you tapes tonight of Brother Cleve in Boston.
Pope David and Myers.
Incredible climactic preaching in Boston.
The Cleveland show with Einstein's Secret Orchestra.
The Portland and Seattle recordings with Dr. Oden Cannon.
By Dr. Hal Robbins.
The launch event with Leading Head of Arnold Palmer.
And even Winter Star recordings with the American League.



With Reverend Glepo and Einstein's Secret Orchestra.
Plus Prozac Free Radio with Ed Strange and Dr. Legume.
And plus KPFA with Dr. Howell and Puzzling Evidence.
And Susie the Floozy and WREK.
My God, my God, man.
There is no escape.
There is no turning back.
It's only 62 days to X Day.
Now is the time.
If not us, who? If not now, when?
Praise Bob, Hell Connie, and the Hell King.
We'll be right back.
What?
Now people crowd from near and far to hear a good man on guitar.
.

.
.




.
.

.
.




Yes dear friends, we are listening to Einstein's Secret Orchestra.
Recorded live, thanks to Mike, the sound man.
At the Euclid Tavern.
A couple of weeks ago, Mike was playing there.

my time, a couple of months ago your time, a thousand universes away for the unsaved
in the post-X-Day times, if anyone has tape reporters or computers left to hear this with.
Um,
Tonight, one week from...
On April 16th...
At the Euclid Tavern...
Euclid Tavern...
And that will be the last ever Cleveland subgenius divival.
The last ever?
Yes, with Reverend Ivan Stein...
With Reverend Ivan Stein...
And...
Einstein's Secret Orchestra.
And the secret orchestra of Einstein.
Yep.
Do you remember when we used to sit in the backyard with Lolly Lovegarden?
How could I ever forget?
Do you remember that song?
She's the strong mother.
Oh, sure, yeah.
I know the one you're going to be talking about, too.
I can feel it.
We used to sing a song
About love in the afternoon
It was you and me, baby
And Lolly Lovegarden
And a picture of Bob the Baboon
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah
Once upon a time
Wasn't so long ago
I had you, baby, with a mint julep in my hand
And you said
Oh, yeah
Oh, oh
Come back, Lolly
Oh, oh, oh










Come back, Lolly
Come back, Lolly
Oh, yeah
Oh, yeah, I remember
Oh, yeah, I remember
A snare drum's needed, I'm afraid, to start a thrilling street parade.
Oh, yeah, I remember
I remember
Oh, yeah, yeah
Oh, yeah, yeah
Oh, yeah, yeah
Oh, yeah, I remember
Oh, yeah, yeah
I remember
Oh, yeah, wow
Oh, yeah, yeah
Oh, yeah, yeah
Oh, yeah, yeah
Oh, yeah, I remember


Oh, yeah, yeah
Well, it once was a man's world
The world's greatest salesman
And he had to find some way
To take the shackles off our feet
Yeah, but oh, now he's gone
I'm out of to the cause
But there's my load
And it's coming again
Who knew that the first shot
Was gonna be the last shot
But he's got a hard driving pipe
That can't smoke all through the night
Oh, until our happy day
We can get on that drink and say
About this man alone
And it's coming again
He can save us from the men in black
With just one shot from his mighty side
If only he could make it back
He can save us from the men in black
From the land of the dead
Oh, until our happy day
We can get on that drink and say
About this man alone
And it's coming again
I know we can make it
Without him we can't take it
The only reason I'm not mine
To the big boys and the whips
And we got to act like one
They never find learnin'
To stop us, baby
The only thing we can do
How are we gonna survive
And last forever
Is sayin', they said

But we got to do it
That's why we stillady
In our hearts
For every word

Bob is my note, and he's coming again.
If we don't want an excess upon us,
then we need Bob to be on us.
Bob is my note.
Bob is my note.
Bob is my note, and he's coming again.
Until the day that he goes back, it'll be a world without Zack.
All right, Lyon.
Cleave is feeling it.
I feel good.
I've been doing the Bibles in this town since 1982,
and this is the finest, finest group I have ever seen
in all of my motherfucking years.
It's a beautiful thing.
If you don't want the excess upon us,
then you need Bob to be on us.
Do you understand the implications of the term there?
July 5, 1998 is coming closer, motherfuckers.
It is coming.
It is coming.
It is coming.
And you know what that means?
It means Bob's bladder is full.
Bob's bladder is full.
And he is going to pee like the motherfucker that he is.
I say, Bob, let it rain.
Let it rain.
Let it rain.
Let it rain.

Let me feel the waters.
Let me feel the waters.
from your holy bladder let let connie just try to sit there and
let it run all over my face i can't wait to feel it i know my life it's gonna be a beautiful thing
it will save us from the men in black now many of you might not know that the three
stooges made a short subject entitled men in black and within that short subject
they are three doctors maybe they are doctors for bob yeah but whenever the mighty called dr howard
dr vine dr howard comes over the intercom they have to answer it just like the conspiracy is
calling you they are the men in black the conspiracy that is calling you
take
and you and making you whipped into shape down like a like a dirty dog
it's a sad sad situation but just like the three stooges at the end of men in black
when that little transistor was jumping up and down on the floor and they pull out their guns
and blam blam blam into the that is what we will do to the conspiracy
yeah
i've been a card carry member of the church of the subgenius since 1981 i believe that's correct amen
yeah believe me 17 long years 17 long hard thick years mother
highlight
testify
and i personally am glad
affected by the Nextangan
It just makes me puke.
Woo!
But soon the vomit will have wiped away.
It will be in the glory, the glory of Dobbs Sound.
I'll be working in room three.
We'll have the nice little piano and organ combo going there.
Please stop by. Have a drink.
It'll be delightful.
The best thing in Dobbs Sound is it's open bar all the time.
Open bar of whatever you want.
The bucket of pills is never empty.
The bottle is never empty.
The perfect squid is never empty.
It is always full.
It is always full of love.
It is always just full of ooze.
Squid! Yeah!
Nice!
Yeah!
Give us your ooze, bro!
Hallelujah!
I'm going to get a beer.
I'm not going to ask you for any more money.
You don't need money.
I don't need money.
The end times are here.
You can't buy your way into Dobbs Sound.
Why not?
Why not?
Because it doesn't take big boy money to buy your $30 membership.
No, it takes pure subgenius dollars.
Now, maybe they might have a picture of Andrew Jackson and whoever,
George Washington on them.
But if you anoint them properly before you put them into the envelope and send them off
to the sacred P.O. box, 1-4-0-3-0-6, Dallas, Texas, 7254, 75214.
I don't mail that much stuff anymore.
I get email.
He knows you do that as far as having a short-term memory.
Then all will be saved and all will be glorious, glorious.
And I look forward to seeing you all, brothers and sisters.
It's a glorious day.

The glory that will be Dobbs Sound Praise 5.
That's a squirt.
Squirt.
Hallelujah.
Friends, I'll keep it short and sweet here.
Amen.
Keep going.
Thank you very much.
But in closing, I would just like to prepare the litany.
And if any of you know the words, please join in prayer with me.
Amen.
Get on in.
Let's get into it.
Amen.
Okay.




S-A-W.
The S-A-W.
He is for the suckers who live all around.
U is for you.
They're always putting you down.
B is Bob.
He gives us our bread.
G is for the guns they put to our heads.
E is for the unit they want you to become.
N is for your nuts.
I'm a subgenius motherfucker and I ain't no fucking clown.
I ain't no fucking clown.
And some of you may wonder, now I'm going to depart from what I usually say here.
Oh no.
Like I said, there are some subgeniuses that are mutants and kind of, you know, they're






not funny looking, socially inept, clumsy, absent-minded, stupid, or too smart for their
own good, neurotic, whatnot.
And probably almost all of those things describe me and quite a few of my fellow doctors and
doctoresses in the church hierarchy.
And there was a time when we were as miserable as the most miserable person here.
But guess what?
We were not.
God damn it, but Bob Dobbs wasn't lying.
I personally am getting more pussy and better pussy than I ever got in my whole goddamn
life.
And I thank you Bob.
I thank you Bob.
I thank you Bob.
And not just me, Jesus Christ, my partner Jesus Christ too.
They're trying him dry.
Pope Sterno Doc is being trying dry.
Pope Angus is being trying dry.
That's with all the doctors, friends.
All the doctors, friends.
And the yourself, and all the doctors.
Sure, Connie's winning.
She's collected more of the juice than Bob is.
And, uh, praise Connie.
Praise Connie.
And I think about these, fragrance.
We don't want anyone to leave here unsatisfied.
Even if your idea of satisfaction is for everybody to just leave you all alone.
I kinda like that myself.
As I said though, the miracle of that man, Bob.
And that couldn't be more.

You know, all those other messiahs, they're always breathing down your neck.
Did you sin this week?
Did you make enough money?
Why didn't you tell that person off?
Did you kiss my ass enough?
Bob doesn't care about any of that shit,
because God is the one personal Savior that you can be truly alone with.
You can be alone with Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Dr. Howe, I think we'll introduce the next guest.
Praise Mahogany Rush.
Praise Mahogany Rush, for some reason.
This is the final speech of the subgenius show as it was that night.
In its strange and metamorphic career,
where in a sense it was all things to all people.
At all times, in all countries, on all channels,
not just channel 18 like that other wimpy God in Texas,
but no, all.
All channels.
Isn't that already supposed to have happened?
Well, on March 25th, which is also the day that the man who was offering to donate his organs
is scheduled to die,
God will appear on channel 18 on all channels.
I mean, all of those channels, all over the world,
and speak in all languages at once.
And then on March 25th, I mean, I'm sorry, March 31st,
God will appear in Garland, Texas and do various things like
speak in all languages, shake all hands,
walk through all walls.
And then apparently there's a third, a tertiary level,
where they go to Gary, Indiana and board their spaceships.
Their pleasure saucers.
So many different ships are coming.
It actually seems like maybe something's happening.
Hal, as we sit here on this hill in Berkeley,
we can see various spaceships in their holding patterns above Earth
as the various little crackpot religions all come true.
Well, you remember, it is said it is to be a day of confusion.
And many of these spacecraft may be false messengers.
False conveyances.
And I'll carry you the wrong way, the wrong place.
Come on, our pleasure craft.
Only our saucers, our contactee aliens.
There's a little onan running from saucer to saucer
trying to figure out which one is the genuine saucer.
Of course.
I don't know these aliens.
Other aliens may be great.
I don't know.
But I do know that it's a crapshoot.
You might as well stay with the subgenius contactee alien.
Ah, well.
You know, you can give good.
You can give good advice.
But you can lead a horse to water, but you can't make him drink.
Such fools.
I'm just going to stay with what I know.
You know, old monster movies, that's what's going to happen.
Big monsters will show up.
Flying saucers.
Giant black and white crashes of endless cars off of endless cliffs
and endless beaches blowing up into flames.
It'll be a lot like the J-Man.
Forever.
I'll praise the J-Man.
Yeah.
Their Under the World sequence was pretty gorgeous.
Not to mention the wonderful scenes where they test the rock and roll
and the buildings break up and die.
And the buildings are actually full of dirt, ladies and gentlemen.
I'd like to see that again.
R1.
And while this all worlds R1 is being chanted,
I zoom in on a young lady who's staring intently at Ivan Stang.
Wow, I must see that.
And hold that for about a minute.
And then I slowly back back up.
And her beautiful gray eyes are watching.
The diminutive Stang and his metastophelian little beard.
It's a pretty great shot.
What?
Oh dear.
Uh oh, looks like we've got a scratch in the show here.
Yeah, this is really going to endear me with Janer now.
I think there's, here let me see if I can click this.
Oh look out Janer, how's.
Markle noises and vomitous upjuggings and uprising.
What?
I'm sure he didn't mean that.
I'm sure he didn't mean that in Phineas.
Phineas isn't Janer.
I don't know what happened there.
The computer went crazy.
He didn't actually throw up.
He only felt as if he was going to.
I'm sure glad that show's over.
Still you have to admit it was a remarkable occasion.
Now it's a better show, huh?
You mean you're a sea-gwaying to Seattle?
No, I didn't cut Seattle yet.
I'll have to cut out all the bad subgenius words.
Here we go.
We're boiling them down into a kind of goob that people out there smoke.
That probably can call a drum.
Friends, friends.
Nose.
Nose.
Do you pee?
Nose.
Nose.
Do you pee?
How many of you pee and raise your hands?
About half.
I'm peeing right now.
How many of you raise your hands when asked to raise your hands?
We have ascertained that about half of the people here urinate.
You're the ones I'm talking to.
If you pee, you're sure to be interested in this.
I'm not.
I'm not.












You know, I'm not Jane or Hyperclete, but I am an incredible simulation.
You know, some people say that all this subgenius stuff is just a big joke.
That all this Bob stuff is just a big joke.
Oh, the subgenius church?
Isn't that that joke cult?
Oh, the church of the subgenius, isn't that that parody religion?
A joke!
A joke!
My God!
My God, a joke!
Oh, yeah!
Oh, it's a joke!
Oh, yeah!
Oh, yeah!
Go back to sleep, baby!
Go back to sleep, Bob!
Oh, yeah, it's just a big joke, isn't it?
Oh, yeah, it's just a joke!
Help me, somebody!
My light's on fire!
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God, it's just a joke!
Oh, I got...
Oh, honey, that alien mothership just turned New York City into an incredible slag heap!
Oh, my God, it's just a big joke, isn't it?
Well, I guess on July 5th, we're gonna deliver the fucking punchline!
Great!
Great!











But you know, friends, some of those surprise faces are not gonna be those of the conspiracy
dupes, the pinks, the glorks, the butt-splitters, the Barbies in cans.
Y'all, they're gonna be some of the most surprised people, they're gonna be those of so-called
subgeniuses, you know the kind that I mean, Mr. O, O, Mr. O, Mr. O, Mr. O.



I have a five t-shirt, but I keep it in my closet because I don't want to look like a geek wearing it, subgenius.
Oh, I'm going to send in my $30 for my membership when I get a little bit more money for my pink job, subgenius.
Mr. O, X Day Celebration.
It sounds like a good idea, but I have to work that day, subgenius.
These people are going to be the most surprised of all.
You know, it says in the book of Meronicus that Bob spews these people from his mouth like a Danny Thomas spit tape.
But he still cashes their checks.
Imagine the looks on their faces when the first spaceships arrive at 7 a.m. on July 5th of this year.
Oh, you mean it wasn't a joke?
Oh.
Yeah.

You mean there is a Bob?
Oh, you mean it wasn't just some sort of art thing?
Is it a little too late to send in my check?
Is it too late to send in for my membership?
Is it too late to send away for those phineas starco tapes I've been meaning to send away for for the last three years?
Well, I'm afraid it's just being a little too late, friend.
But how many times have you said to yourself?
How many times have you said to yourself, I'll buy those tapes tomorrow?
How many times have you said to yourself, I'll buy that t-shirt tomorrow?
How many times have you said to yourself, I'll get right with Bob tomorrow?
Well dear friends, what if there is no tomorrow?
What if there is no tomorrow?
But I don't want to be negative.
I don't want to be negative.
That's why I've made these 10 things that you can do to get right with Bob before it's too late.
The number one thing you can do is to send money to Bob!
Bob.
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
The number two thing you can do if you haven't already quit your job,
quit your job and slack off!
I find that if you're still employed by July 4th,
a nice thing you can do to just sort of grease the wheels with the exes
is to kind of, well, make a blood sacrifice of your pink box.
I feel that on July 4th there will be so many fireworks
that will mask the screams of your pink box
and this will just sort of be like a $20 bill
that you can slip to the maitre d' to get on the good table at the sub-junius restaurant.
The number three thing you can do is send money to Bob!
That's right, praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
The number four thing you can do is one week before X-Day, stop sleeping.
Do not sleep one week up to X-Day.
That way even if the exes don't come,
you'll be hallucinating so actively it won't matter.
What are we up to? Number five, four, I've lost track.
Number four.
Number five, five!
Number five thing you can do is kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Now some of you might say, kill Bob?
What are you talking about? He's gonna save the world!
Well, Bob just might screw the whole thing up.
This could be your last chance to take him out.
In fact, contrary to, uh, contrary to Mr. Stang who stole my ID,
I was gonna actually do that sermon. This is the ultimate sermon I have.
Why don't you just kill everybody named Bob?
Kill everybody that you come across.
Smoke and a pipe.
Go down to the New York Stock Exchange and wear an AK-47.
Kill the Hanson brothers.
Kill the Spock girls.
Kill Barry L. Manson.
Kill everybody.
Don't die by the next day.
Hell, they're all gonna die the next day anyway.
You can have Cindy Crawford as your own personal sex slave in first class if you buy some genius goods.
Don't be stuck down in steerage and coached last in line at some very skid-squid gang.
You know, friends, it's not just a big joke.
You know, they laughed at Noah when he was building the ark.
They laughed.
They laughed at Lot and his wife when they told him Sodom and Gomorrah was gonna burn to the ground.
They laughed at Jerry Lewis when he played the nutty professor.
They laughed at the Heaven's Gate cult members.
Okay, maybe they're a bad example, but the point is...
Come next day, we'll be the ones who'll be laughing!
Praise Bob!
Thank you, Phineas Narco.
You know, it takes you back, kind of, to think that 15 years ago that humble radio show Dr. Narco was talking about
had its first beginnings in the primordial slime of Berkeley, California.
But we call it something else. It's not called the subgenius show.
It's called, uh, Puzzling Evidence.
Hey!
It's called that.
Well, uh, mm, eh, uh, uh...
No, I didn't cut Seattle yet. I'll have to cut out all the bad subgenius words.
Here we go. We're boiling them down into a kind of goob that people out there smoke.
It's the bubbling cauldron of the old bag.
Right now, I just gotta go to the bathroom and, uh, get back on the show, I guess.
Which is a dismal, rainy, cold, foggy show.
Hmm, well, that's a... I don't know.
Here go the subgeniuses.
Kinda comfortable.
Trudging up the hill in Portland back to their $5 a night dive.
Poor saps. I might help them, but, uh, but what for?
There goes Reverend Haloff. It was a 160-night dive for them.
Just make it over for them, ultimately.
I'll, uh, I'll see them in the morning. Maybe throw them a crust of cash.
Frying up some eggs here in the KPFA kitchen.
Mmm, this is your brain on eggs.
Oh, the coffee? You got that, too?
Brain and eggs. Wow. My favorite at 5 a.m.
This is your brain's mom, a chicken.
How'd that happen?
Oops. Okay, well, some say the egg came first. Others say the chicken came before the egg.
You want some chicken and your eggs?
To get to the other side.
Fried the chicken.
Yeah, all the way to the chicken.
That's what you were just saying.
We take this ring as a symbol of the holy and straight of marriage, and as well as the pole going deep into the hole of evil.
By the authority invested in me by J.R. Bob Dodds and in compliance with the laws of state and God and nature,
I now pronounce you man-wives of Marquis Blabant-Romain for the next 24 hours.
You must—this is the romantic part—you must now kiss each other.
Yee!
I know, I know.
But you'll get lucky, sir.
You are now newly authorized and excused for sexual companies of any perversely faithful nature for a period of 24 hours.
That includes jacking off.
And the next 24 hours, 20 hours.
And if you don't consummate this marriage, you make a mockery, a sick mockery of the sacred institution of marriage.
Ashes to ashes, dust to dust, amen, amen, and a bunch of yens.
Praise God.
Hail God.
Look out! God is right behind you.
Take me down.
Oh, take me down.
It's been so long now.
Take me down.
Huh?
I'm still dreaming of you, Lolly.
I'm still crying.
What was your last name again?
What was your last name?
Just saying, man.
I know you and I know you are kind.
No, no, no.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.

I don't know.
I don't know.
Ready? Let's go.
Move your shoulders.
Move the head.
Move your elbows.
Travel.
Use your own style of moving.
Can you travel backwards?
Hold off on the seating.
Hold off on it.
Pope Meyer's been seized.
He's been seized.
He's been seized.
Tonight, we have seen many unprecedented things,
but every subgenius,
every subgenius here,
every subgenius here will tell you something, children.
They will tell you there's a tradition in the church
that is rock solid,
and that tradition is
when the pope finishes preaching, he leaves.
How many of these great preachers
have seen the pope this late in any divine?
Never do.
Never, children.
And before I get to my main point here,
there's something I forgot that I want to say,
and that is tonight,
and the spirit of tonight,
and the vibe that is in all of us tonight
would not be possible
without a couple of absent preachers.
And I've got to tell you, children,
when I see the Reverend Cleveland Dunham Duncan
be obsessed with the spirit of God,
it makes me feel,
it makes me weep,
it makes me cry,

and I remember a great preacher
who cannot be here tonight,
St. Janer Hyperclete, children.
Who can't walk?
Children, usually I go home after I preach
because when the spirit of God moves through me,
I can't bear to see anything else.
I have to go home and pass right out.
But children, I want to tell you,
1981,
I got off that plane from London,
I rode that taxi into downtown Dallas,
and what did I find there?
I found the world's first subgenius convention, children.
And I stepped up on that stage, children,
with the great Reverend Albert Stein,
St. Janer Hyperclete,
Stern, O. K. Cameron, and others,
and I found my calling, children.
I found the spirit of God.
I found the will.
I lost $1,500.
I found the will of God, children.
And since that night, children,
the Pope of all New York,
well, he's been to Dubai,
the Bible's great and small.
I've been to Dubai,
in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
I've been to Dubai,
I was in Seattle, Washington.
I've been to Dubai,
I was in Philadelphia, PA.
But children, I've got to tell you,
I have not seen the spirit of God as I have tonight.
I have been at this preaching day,
at this preaching day for a long time, children.
A long time.
And every now and then, children,
every now and then,
every now and then, children,
my phone would ring.
And perhaps on the other end of that phone
would be
whoever night I would stay.
Perhaps I would be clean.
Perhaps it would be someone else.
There's going to be death.
There's going to be rough day.
There's going to be Pope of all New York City death.
All New York City death.
Come to so-and-so,
boondock piss-out little town,
and preach with it.
And children, invariably,
the Pope of all New York would say,
No!
No!
The Pope would say, No!
The Pope would say,
I would love to come and preach with you
and your little jerk-water bird.
But you know what?
The Pope of all New York is not suffering an existential crisis.
The Pope of all New York is not suffering an experiential crisis.
The Pope of all New York is not suffering a metaphysical crisis.
The Pope of all New York is suffering a slack crisis, children.
Yes, I would see you in a great crisis of slack.
And I no longer found the stage of Bob to liberate it, children.
I can no longer escape the device through which the conspiracy controls you,
the observer self, children.
I come on stage to escape the observer self that the conspiracy works night and day
to keep you adieu to their wiles,
to their wiles, children,
to their vile, pernicious,
Abbotson wills.
And frankly, children,
with the Reverend D.K. Charles,
where's D.K.?
And I drove up today,
come on up here,
we drove up today, children,
let me tell you something,
we drove up in rain that was like a dream, children.
We drove up here in rain that was like a hallucination.
It was like the last five minutes of the last wave, children.
And all the way up here we kept saying to each other,
there's going to be nobody in the house tonight.
In fact, children,
in fact, children,
I was so convinced there would be nobody in the house tonight,
I left my tie in the apartment.
Have you ever seen me preach without a tie?
I have never preached without a tie, children.
I have never preached without a suit.
I didn't think anybody would be here.
And this is not proof of my lack of faith in the Boston subgenius community.
This is proof of my lack of faith in myself, children.
The way that I was estranged from Bob, children.
The way that Bob was taken from me, children.
And let me tell you something, children.
I have tied to Bob that which is Bob's, children.
I have given money and time.
I do not claim a false status, children.
I'm a hidden wrong preacher.
I am not in the cap from the same cloth as the great German Einstein,
but I attempt to do my part, children.
But the last two preachers, children, have not moved me.
They have not led me to escape my observer's cell.
They have not filled me with the spirit of Bob.
But tonight, children, you have filled me with the spirit of Bob.
Because, children, you have brought Bob into this hall.
Tonight, you have made Bob manifest.
Children, I have been on stage with the Reverend Cleveland Donald Duncan for 17 years.
I have never seen a man so filled with the spirit of Bob, and frankly, the spirit of Janger, as I have tonight.
Let's give it up for the Reverend Cleveland Donald Duncan.
Please.
The most inspirational preacher I have ever seen, children.
Now let me ask you a question, children.
A question that, frankly, I am astounded that has not been asked thus far in this evening.
What's that?
Children, tell me something.
What?
What?
I want you to think very hard about this question, and I want you to give me an honest answer.
Okay.
Children.
Yes?
What must a subgenius have?
Sloth.
Sloth.
What must he have?
Sloth.
What must he have?
Sloth.
What must he or she have?
Sloth.
What must he have?
Sloth.
What can he or she have?
Sloth.
What must he have?
Sloth.
The subgenius must have slack, children.
While I'm low and filled with the spirit of Bob tonight, children, let me ask you something
about rule number two, children.
Rule number two in the Church of the Subgenius...
Reverend Stanton, can you know what rule number two is, children?
It is...
Buccos.
If they can't take a joke!
Woo hoo!
You know what children, most of them can.
And our careers are living proof of that.
Such as they are, children. Such as they are.
Now the third rule of Turks and subgenius, which just as I promised you children,
just as I pointed out to you children, just as I illuminated on this stage tonight,
has been co-opted by the conspiracy is,
too much is always better than not enough.
Now children, when you see that on a beer can,
when you see it on a sneaker ad,
when you see it on an off-road vehicle ad,
you just think about the source, children.
You think about the source, because the beautiful thing about pop culture is,
there's always a source, children.
It's a big old beat, and you can always run it back to the man who started it.
Now, when you see that slogan,
you don't think, I'm going to buy that product.
You think the subgenius is weaving its way
through the fabric of the product.
Now children, rule number four is in my personal view,
the most violated rule in the history of mankind,
and it goes like this.
If you don't have a sense of humor,
don't try to be funny.
There you go, that's enough we haven't discussed tonight.
Children, children, it's neoclassicism.
I'm going to give them time tonight.
It's a club, whatever it is.
It's a neoclassicism preaching tonight, children.
I'm filled with the neoclassicism spirit of Bob.
So back to the panther and the bottle.
Pray, pray, shall come to the living room.
And that's the rule of the church.
All the subgenius children, if that Bob wants you to...
Pull the wool over your own...
That's right, children.
All your life you've been told your parents' wool,
your teachers' wool, your churches' or synagogues' wool,
your cult's wool, your T.A.T.'s wool.
But tonight, children, we want you to pull the wool over your own eyes and...
Relax in the safety of your own delusion.
You know what?
You know what that is?
I'll tell you what that is, children.
Listen, the conspiracy wants to drive you
to working for it, children.
They want to drive you to a certain career path.
And you might say to yourself,
Gee, Bob, I'm not really an artist.
I'm not really a bohemian outrider kind of gal or guy.
I'm not really that creative, children.
But I'm here to tell you something, children,
that's as true as Bob himself.
And that is, when it comes to delusions,
you're damn creative.
We are in the storehouse of our own delusions, children.
And they're a comfortable place to be.
And what we want, children, what we need, children,
is for you to relax in the safety of your own delusions
till you get so sick of them,
you'll start thinking for yourself, children.
You'll start cutting through the illusions that are the conspiracy.
And your delusions that are the conspiracy.
Oh, yeah, boy, we are going back tonight, children.
Thank you.
Like so much of the church, like so much of this dance,
in 1981, it only gets truer, children.
Society only aligns exactly the way that we have described the church.
The subgenius has only improved brighter and brighter and brighter.
Every rule we say will be more apt now than it was 17 years ago, children.
And that's where the church of the subgenius is.
Anybody you see driving a Porsche doesn't deserve it.
You see, gentlemen, this goes to the point that there are worthwhile conspiracy tools.
Unfortunately, they're all withheld from you and you and you, children,
because you won't give the conspiracy what it needs to get some of their nice toys.
What's that? What is it?
What do you mean?
What's that noise?
Children, the church of the subgenius is all about convalesce, children.
Convalesce everything.
Convalesce yourself and con-knowledge of the conspiracy and con-knowledge of the file.
And you've got to know what you know.
And moreover, you've got to know what you don't know, children.
Which brings us to the next rule of the church of the subgenius, which is,
if you can't tell shit from tuna fish, don't order seafood in a French restaurant.
Children, can I get a merit on law?
Can I get a merit on law?
Can I get another fee on law?
Can I get another fee on law?
Can I get another fee on law?
Thank you, children.
And I just finished telling them there was only one rule in the church of the subgenius.
Say it, Dad.
Say it, Dad.
Say it, say it.
Children, what was that old thing they used to say about their own?
Oh, God, yeah.
Oh, by the way, children, he might look at you and me and you might say, Dave.
Dave.
In a quiet, pensive kind of way, a sort of introspective kind of way.
You might say, Rev. Dave.
Rev. Dave.
Rev. Dave.
Rev. Dave.
Watch what you see, Craig Drexler, and all of them have a different attitude, way of thinking.

How can I go, not that, there's nothing on Sportsando in the world to tell them my prophecy
is true.
Well, what are the bonds that you legs are entfernt from my census?
I don't know if they can talk to that.
Oh, you know, you and Hess has one and you what is the chain of actions is that between
you've finally gone through the ס, it's 12 of a kind like aAHI foi οnese, who
are kor bularteえ's sigoνязί proszę Essential ketosab Proof or Mes ноч ease
skinny, like water in juteur or��, firing your کوşari.

Most of us, the view is the view anyway.
I don't practice what I preach because I'm not the kind of person I'm preaching to,
and I hope you are either.
Children, when you leave these humble halls tonight,
I want you to remember what your place is.
I want you to remember, children, that as a conspiracy seeks to de-sexualize you,
to de-intellectualize you,
it also seeks to isolate you.
It seeks to make you believe that there is no community, children,
that there is no place of belonging, children.
But look around you, children.
Look on this stage tonight.
We have been preaching together for 17 years, children,
and there is still community.
Now people are going way back tonight.
People often say to me,
They said to me,
They said to me,
New York City and the great,
Pacific Northwest is dead.
Oh, New York City and the great Northwest is dead.
What is a subgenius?
What is a subgenius?
Children, my eyes are on fire tonight.
You can't see your own eyes, children.
You can never see your own eyes.
You can't think about your own brain.
Oh, children,
Generally speaking, there are two kinds of subgeniuses.
One kind of subgenius is someone who can do one thing very well at all,
and nothing else.
And another kind of subgenius is someone who can do a little bit of everything,
but nothing well enough to turn them up.
I do everything well.
Two of them right over here.
Two of them right here.
And when the Reverend Ivan is staying in his infinite wisdom,
We've got to stand in his infinite wisdom.
When he talked earlier tonight about ambition and how it affects a subgenius,
my experience is that most subgeniuses are lazy workaholics, children.
That's right, children.
You know, I see a stage packed with lazy workaholics tonight, children.
The subgenius is generally a lazy workaholic because what a subgenius must want,
a true subgenius, is to be left alone, children.
It's hard to be left alone, children.
It's hard to escape the forces of the conspiracy, children.
It's hard to escape that vice, that career, vice that employs you.
It's hard to escape that vision vice, that work vice.
But children, you've got to let Bob come in, children.
You've got to open yourself to Bob, children.
Look at that face.
That's a real man, children.
Children, in closing, in conclusion tonight,
I want to say something that the Pope of all New York has never said on stage in his life.
I want to say thank you, children,
for renewing my faith in you.
I want to say thank you, Bob.
I want to say thank you, children,
for coming out on this great night to see these great creatures.
I want to say thank you, children,
for reconnecting from all New York to his direct list.
Come on, come down and fill it up tonight.
Praise Bob!
Oh, man.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Oh, oh, dear friends.
Oh, well, and you can learn more about the Church of the Subgenius,
Bob Dobbs, and what the hell we've all been talking about
by writing for free information, just a dollar,
from Bob at post office box 140306.
That's box 140306.
In Dallas, Texas, 75214.
I should mention the musicians in the background on this show.
This is DK Jones in the background.
He was also there in Boston playing behind.
Pope David N. Meyer, whose rant you just heard,
and who has also backed up that organ playing,
that amazing organ playing throughout the Boston revival,
was by Brother Cleve Donut Duncan,
who we heard on side one.
Yes, Brother Cleve doing Bob is my load.
And, uh,
we've also heard, of course, Einstein's Secret Orchestra
with Chaz Smith, Michelle Smith, Lonesome Cowboy Dave,
Princess Wiardo, live at the Cleveland Euclid Tavern just recently.
In Portland, we heard, D5,
we heard Reverend Phineas Narco,
an amazing piece with negative land in the background, friends.
That was actually Mark Hosler with Otis Otter,
Reverend Otis Otter and Reverend Bunny Love,
and another guy there in Portland.
We heard Dr. Howell and puzzling evidence on KPFA
with the brain and eggs, and, uh,
uh, uh, uh, uh, yes.
I guess we didn't make it to, uh,
Reverend Bleepo's Winter Star, D5,
or even, well, maybe we'll get to the doctor like you, Yak,
but by gobs, friend,
it's, it's a,
this old church, sometimes, you know,
it'll pick you right up, just yank you up,
and you'll be locked by your, uh, jock straps,
and sling you over its shoulder,
and haul you off to Jerusalem.
Praise Bob.
Oh, and you can also check us out at www.subgenius.com, of course,
or email slack at subgenius.com.
Praise, uh, DK Jones for this, uh, beautiful music in the background.
Uh, this type also is available now,
newly available from Church Home.
Subgenius is a pretty, uh, thing.
