At the moment, I'm thinking about my reputation.
You're going to marry me, Bob.
Listen, I've told you how it's going to be, and you might as well get used to the idea.
Because if I have to, I'll smear you, Bob.
I'll ruin you for the hour of swag.
From PR News in Washington, I'm the deadly white supremacist on Thursday lying about reporting.
On Sunday, the Dow was 3921 to 59.
Brian Wheeler says the non-name is a bad word.
Activists say the death toll from Sunday's PR News has risen to at least 2.7 in Washington.
Are we controlled by secret forces?
Are alien space monsters bringing a startling new world?
Do people think you're strange?
Do you?
Then you may be on the right track.
Unpredictables are not alone and possess amazing hidden powers of their own.
Are you abnormal?
Then you are probably better than most people.
Yes, your kind shall triumph.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
The Church of the Subgenius is the pan-religion of the future
and rebels against the namby-pamby, goody-two-shoes, new age, and Aquarian ideals of most.
And most occult weirdos.
P-p-p-p-p-praise Bob!
P-p-p-p-p-praise Bob!
Such people are fools.
They do not curse.
They have no understanding of the need for spiritual violence in this modern space age-a-go-go society.
The Subgenius wants no part of the new age.
It is already here and it obviously sucks.
The Subgenius wants to be a part of the new age.


The Subgenius would rather retrieve the manly past before 1971 or even 1953.
Or else dwell in the naughty, fun-loving, remote future.
That was an excerpt from Reverend Richard Negative's album,
Welcome to Dobstown, a song called Drip, Slowly, and Repeat featuring Dr. Onan Kanabite,
reading from Subgenius.

The Subgenius pamphlet number one, which I wrote with Dr. Philo Drummond from Bob's memos jotted on bar napkins.
We're still in Cleveland in my current time zone, but by the time you hear this, we'll be in Texas, I hope.
This episode is another of those legendary lost radio hours from the 2017 20X Day drill
that neither I nor the RoboStang had heard until this morning.
You can't foretell how well wonderful this show will be

We'll be starting next week with miles of рубric,
Everything Finds Its Way on Channel 4
Here is our D MAZE
Far from зов,
It'sopa´s treasure in the woods,
Prey back on location school
placements and a bit jealous. But first, Onan politely leaves. I, for one, will now invite
one or more members of the audience to assume the microphone that I now hold in my hand. That's
right. We will not always be here, but someone needs to be here. Is there any volunteer? Anyone
who feels compelled? Who wishes to add to the symposium? What has been spoken before? A brave
What's your name? Timmy. And what grade are you in, Timmy? Mom says not to talk to strangers.
Yeah, let's not get, you know, Timmy has his own secrets. Has anyone here ever encountered
Aunt Bertha's Bible story hour? I fell down the rabbit hole of Aunt Bertha's story hour,
looking it up on Wikipedia, looking for old recordings. Timmy and Billy in that are always
being tormented by Aunt Bertha's Bible story hour. I fell down the rabbit hole of Aunt Bertha's
and they get salvation by the end, but sometimes it comes at a hard cost. The whiny,
adenoidal little kid voices, Aunt Bertha's smothering, matronly voice. Have you ever been
subjected to Unshackled by the Chicago Pacific Garden Ministries? No. Oh, it's a fine mine of,
and it's continuing to this day in Chicago. They are running, it's an ongoing series of
spirits.
spiritual and moral plays, radio plays.
So they're on the serious side, like the Children's Bible Hour?
Very much so. And spoilers, Jesus will save you.
The Children's Bible Hour, that secretive underground organization
which behaves with thorough ruthlessness in eliminating its enemies.
Anyway, they, my late brother wrote to them
pretending to be Bobby Brown, age eight or something like that.
And they wrote back and said that Aunt Bertha had expired.
They said, Aunt Bertha is in heaven now, Bobby.
The stories you heard her tell were tapes and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And then this new letter was signed by Uncle Charlie,
a new and even more sinister persona in the Children's Bible.
Our organization. So I'm sure they're very active.
When my brother wrote to them, he received the free gift
that Aunt Bertha oleaginously promised at the end of every one of her episodes.
This was a packet of materials.
First, tiny stickers that resemble road signs,
but actually have a Christian message like,
Yield to Jesus. One way, Jesus. And so forth.
The other thing was, of course, a jack-chick tract.
One of the most poisonous of all of them, too.
Probably that was just a coincidence.
And, you know, since my brother wrote from the state of Arizona,
he received a little pamphlet, How to Get to Heaven from Arizona.
And inside, by George, that's what it told you, according to their lights.
Although this was only an experiment.
Is it harder to get to heaven from Arizona as opposed to some other place?
Well, it,
it depends. You know, you have to do the same thing.
You have to bow and kowtow to Jesus and blubber and cry.
Go through the Aunt Bertha and Jack Chick-like, semi-orgasmic, born-again process,
which afterwards you supposedly feel clean, and in the cartoons, large drops of sweat radiate from you.
A huge grin,
a grin spreads over your face as you know the good news, the gospel,
and are now dying to inflict it on every hottentot you can reach.
Every remote person must be inculcated because they are beloved, too.
And they must be saved by Jesus from the lake of fire.
Created by Jesus.
By Jesus!
Yes.
So this is all in the, in Jack Chick's comics.
And by the way, we have in the Church of the Subgenius, a certain subgenius,
Papa Joe Mama, who has actually been in a Jack Chick tract.
Who has had a cameo in one of them as a cop.
That is a rare distinction.
Yes it is, I must say.
Papa Joe was, he penetrated through to Chick's headquarters, the Holy of Holies.
In Chino, California, the war room where they devised all those little gospel comic books.
And he was trying to get Jack to draw an anti-subgenius tract.
It would have been so wonderful to do, but all that diplomatic Jack would ever say was,
well I'll prey on it, which means no dice buddy.
That's a no.
Yeah, I'm sorry brother, I don't believe that is a good use of my God-given ability to bring the straggling sinners toward the light.
So he's in that one, he's in the comic.
And Jack himself passed away.
So now there is no more Jack Chick.
I wonder if, it's like if you could have removed Hitler, the whole Nazi linchpin would have fallen apart.
I think Chick himself may have been the one essential man around whom a strange group of weirdos and religious groups,
hooks formed.
And some of them have comic books about them.
And Kurt even published a book, Papa Joe Mama, about one of the most persistent tract hander-outers
and his adventures in the military and as a cowboy on the open range.
So Reverend Pease, were you ever born again?
Did they get you?
No.
They got me young, like age four.
No.
So before you were baptized, you were baptized.
I wasn't a Baptist church.
Oh, you were a Baptist?
Well, I was born, I was, how do they call that, born in, I was Catholic.
Oh, okay, yeah.
They get you young.
You see, they consider that, Catholics consider that to be when you're born again, when you are christened.
Correct.
But no, I have not.
I've been introduced to many people who have, and each to his own.
I kind of like my stuff better.
It's a little less complicated than the whole Christian thing.
Seems complicated.
Yeah, the industrial version of Protestantism that was pretty much founded by Dr. Moody,
Moody Bible Institute, it's very bureaucratic.
You get training in the form of your brainwashing in Sunday school, and then they hand you a
paragraph that says, you know, do you take Jesus into your heart?
And you sign it and date it.
It's a contract.
It's insidious.
The way it works is because that's how everything else in the world works too.
And you think, oh yeah, you're just supposed to sign this, and then you're covered.
You got Jesus insurance.
It's like L. Ron's, you know, one billion year contract.
Yeah.
And then you can get out of it.
Yeah, after one billion and one years, you're out.
Yes.
The reason I bring it up is what you'd mentioned before, Dr. Hal, about the poor unsaved.
That was the breaking point for me because I said, there's all these communists behind
the Iron Curtain.
They can't hear about Jesus.
So what happens to them?
Well, they can.
And luckily.
They do.
They are crouching by their radios, furtively saying their rosaries and so forth.
But wasn't Christ a commie?
Christ?
Yes.
Well, of course.
Christ, so-called, himself, did believe in holding things in common.
Sell all thou have.
Give it to the poor.
You can't take all those expensive objects with you.
It's like trying to get a camel through the needle's eye.
It's all a millstone around your neck.
Give it up and give me a sandwich.
And now we're going to have the Sermon on the Mount, you know, where I tell you to do
a bunch of other things that you will find absolutely impossible to do.
Isn't the camel through the eye of a needle actually a reference to a trade route difficulty
or something like that?
I don't believe that is the case.
I think it is the result of the fact that you can't take it with you, you know, that
the camel is too solid, large, and real to move through the eye of the needle.
But it also indicates, with the eye of a needle metaphor, that this transition is a harrowing
one.
I don't believe that that would be the primary aspect of naming it.

It's a secondary aspect.
But that's what attracted me to subgenius not many years later, which was that the church
paid its taxes.
That's a big thing.
Well, we can't.
It's not setting itself apart.
We're not tax exempt.
No.
But that is why your membership pack allows you an ecumenical bonding with the church
of the one founded by the Reverend Kirby Jacobs.
Praise God.
And by the way, the church was founded by the Reverend Gary Hensley of Modesto, California,
the Universal Life Church.
Now I already was a member of that one.
I was ordained in 1969.
And I've still got my documents somewhere.
But many people do not trust the ULC.
However, I think this documentary aspect is sort of like rent control.
It really does matter when you get documented.
Thank you.
But I would advise every subgenius who gets the membership packet to fill out and send
in those documents the first time you do.
Perform a legitimate wedding or something like that or a funeral, whatever, they'll
give you some money.
Don't forget that.
You'll make up in equity what you temporarily lost to receive the true ordination and elevation
to a doctoral membership in the true faith.
I was a minister in the same thing for a long time.
You well seen?
Yeah, absolutely.
I signed up back in the 80s.
Did you perform services for anyone?
I did not.
I came close when someone didn't show up at a wedding and my father called me up and wanted
to know if I could do it over the phone.
Good lord.
So I had to do some quick research and said, no, I cannot.
.
It helps to have the book of common prayer.
As long as you follow the skeleton of that, you can put in all the bells and whistles.
Well, it wouldn't have been legal was the problem.
Oh, I see.
Because over the phone, you're not actually present to make sure it's not, they haven't
slipped some false bride in or something like that.
Yes.
You must trade carbon dioxide in order to officially perform.
It's an ancient ritual.
I really loved the ceremony, especially what you said about Yog-Sothoth and his church.
Well, so long as they enjoy it, that's the important thing.
I married my own niece to her wife.
Anyway, it's-
How many weddings have you done?
I never have counted.
Never have counted?
But every now and then-
So that many.
People seem to want me to do one and I do it.
I've done it at Burning Man too, in the desert.
Do you enjoy doing it?
Not all that much, but somewhat.
Somewhat, as long as it's not a line of people.
I have to keep doing it again and again.
I guess that would be tedious.
Yes, it is.
Believe me.
I was married by a justice of the peace, by a judge, the only female judge in our county,
which was a blessing.
No good.
And yeah, it was pretty much that, an assembly line, one after the other for a whole afternoon
in chambers.
Well, you see the secular-
The secular get a bum deal.
Yeah.
And it's too bad because they should also get all the mind-breaking special effects
that the religions inflict on everyone else.
Hence, the Church of the Subgenius and its particular ministry.
Indeed.
So you've done same-sex unions, same-gender unions?
My niece and her bride, yes, was a same-sex union.
So when ... My home county in Ann Arbor-
Washtenaw.
They were one of the few in the nation when there was a brief window allowing same-sex
marriages before it closed up again due to judicial decisions, where they stayed open
on a Saturday.
The county board said, you have to stay open.
And then all of these ministers rushed in to the county building, married people, 300
of them in a weekend.
So that's something I'm proud of.
And that's the situation you're trying to avoid, correct?
Yeah.
For sure.
You want to avoid that, because the problem is everybody's marriage is supposed to be
a special thing, and that's what they want to be believed.
So the more you standardize it, the less satisfying to them it seems.
They deserve your original attention.
Now, are you going to be going to the Playa again this year?
I'm afraid so.
How many years in a row is that?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know if you can tell.





So the reason is that they want me to continue doing this show that I always do out there.
And this year, they have given me two vehicle passes and tickets for two assistants, as
well as my own ticket, so I guess I got everything I wanted.
But of course, I still have to get there.
I have to create this enormous effort to get there and then live in the dust and the dirt.
I have to live in the dust and the dirt for two years.



all the time that I'm there.
And then do the show on the very next to the last day,
the night of the burn, in fact.
So that's happening.
And if you're going, you can also see me on the second stage
on Tuesday and Thursday from 3 o'clock to 3.15
doing my own presentation.
But the show is, as always, beginning at 5.30,
running through until 7 on the main stage
in the downtown area in Center Camp Cafe.
Do you think it's the same festival it was 21 years ago?
Absolutely not.
And yet there are similarities that can be traced and seen,
but it's not because it's so large and immense
and has different structural and administrative problems and so on.
It has an airport and it has the Department of Public Works
and it becomes one of the largest cities in the state of Nevada for a short time.
It actually does.
It makes all the news throughout the state, and it's a big deal.
Everybody avidly watches what's going to happen.
There are certain feeds out of there.
I participated in one, and we have our own radio station there too,
but there are other new types of feeds
that are going out.
I, of course, follow this vicariously,
but various Radio Valencia commentators in the mission
on your show and others, on the Ask Dr. Hal show,
on Radio Valencia and others.
Well, thank you for listening to that show.
I do. Very much so.
You've been listening to it lately?
You know what?
One o'clock in the morning Eastern time is rough to do, with apologies.
That's the time we're supposed to end,
but lately we haven't.
We've just...
It's continued.
Yes.
I need to get back into the habit.
I'm not going to BS you,
but I'm going to say that I spent many years listening with great pleasure
and put it on once in a while.
Well, we have a good group now,
and I hope they're doing it in my absence,
demonstrating how utterly unnecessary I am for my own show.
I think I'd always rather have something live than a rerun of any kind,
but the structure allows you to put in
any particular show you want for a rerun.
Well, you're fortunate there's so many talented people there,
like Puzzling Evidence and K. Robb and...
Yes, K. Robb is amazing.
Pete Goldie's knowledge is great,
and we have Michael Pepe also.
At K. R. O. B.
San Francisco.
Everybody should check him out on Facebook.
K. Robb. K. R. O. B.
You know, it's funny because I didn't know there was a...
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Okay.
Yike.
And that really kind of...
It's the thing about The Subgenius,
it's like a rabbit hole.
You scratch a little bit,
and you find this other person,
and you find some other shit.
Yes, it goes on and on.
It's half the fun.
Well, it might be all of the fun.
I don't know, but it's...
For me, finding these things out were, you know,
oh this guy Al Bernard
I like this guy and he likes this show
oh that's Dr. Hell
I didn't even know he had a show
I'm flattered there's nothing like a direct
when you tell somebody about something
you can personally
it makes you feel good
it does make you feel good and makes you feel like you want to put your time into it
Dr. Hell show of course being totally worth that time
I told you I'm a fanboy
thanks a lot
I appreciate it
I played at work and they were always like
what is that you're watching Superman
and I'm like no
it's not for you
it's safe for work
it might be safe for work
you have to listen closely to determine
I found that if you're not an actual
subgenius
you will start to tune that out
and they won't pay attention
it's just a background noise
but of course I am
well how do you think I learned about it
it's good that you shout things that can't be heard
yeah
from the audience
well you can also come up and shout through the microphone
if you like
he's busy coloring right now
I only mention that because there's a variety of opinions
about Burning Man in San Francisco
apparently many of them negative
and I know you're
I know you are employed by them
so you're not going to rubbish a contractor
that's part of being in San Francisco
I had to go to a meeting
there just recently
but I
you know it's strange
they do provide
some stuff for me
but then the rest I myself
must be responsible for
but they're famous
we're doing that
they will match fund with you
if you want to create an exceptional attraction
if you want to build a big cathedral
or something out there
they'll pay for half of it
and then the other half
you have to provide
including hauling in all the materials
and labor and to get in
you have a friend
he's right on you
so a large insect has found
Hal delicious
I saved you
thanks
Reverend Pease for the save
Reverend Pease
these black hornets are dumb
and they will bumble right into your face
and sting you
for an afterthought
usually just holding still
is a good thing to do
I've suddenly become much more alert
they've stung many famous
geniuses in recent previous
X-Day iterations
so anyway be thankful that you're
laid back pleasant X-Day
instead of the survival Olympics
of Burning Man
yeah beginners luck
this weather is knock wood
not too bad
not too bad not too shabby
no rain this year
no previous
scannings of the Facebook pages
just report a horror of
sucking mud
endless rain
110% humidity
all lies
chiggers and no-seams
not necessarily lies
but only a part of the story
the tip of the iceberg
but they haven't emptied the
the tortoises yet
no
doesn't that happen periodically
you can set your watch by it
like clockwork?
it's so bad
hey eggplant do you want to
I came to say that I walked 8 miles
uphill into this valley
in order to get here to X-Day
where the hell are you people?
thank you
thank you
eggplant uphill in order to get into this valley
I didn't get it till just now
yeah
no it was good man I'm just saying I'm slow
yeah we know
welcome to the church!
well uh
and there you have it
now once again I'm going to say it
I think in 10 minutes I'm going to step down
and we need someone else to come in
we need a paladin to come in and fight the good fight
I think Argus Fox should come up here
yes Mr. Fox is certainly adroit at this
but perhaps Reverend Eggplant himself is the guy
so let me just make a
swift switcheroo
oh no
I appreciate the invitation to speak with you and thanks
we're going to need to put it to life
yes but you see this goes on on Tarzan's radio station
this is one of the comfortable chairs too
there you go and put the
Reverend Eggplant steps to the microphone
steps to the microphone
oh that's right that's right yeah
he's got a little eyes upon him what will he
what is his opening gambit
he's putting the cans on his head
so like hi
it's on radio time
hey Eggplant what's going on
oh not a whole lot it's been an interesting day
gotta say
what's been your favorite event here at X Day so far
uh favorite event so far was actually getting here and setting up as quickly as ever man
it's like everything came right into place
the most uneventful event I've had in a long time
excellent
that's an uneventful event
yeah
in a long time that is the way to go
I'm learning a lot about camping
camping doesn't take much to put together my friend all you have to remember is
you gotta have the creature comforts
as long as you got a place to lay your head at night
and be comfy while doing it
and then some place to sit your ass in during the day
so you ain't totally uncomfortable there
out of the shade you know out of the sunlight so you're not like
baking like some kind of
of course I have none of these things
yeah some meat stuff
and I sit in the sun all day long
it's miserable
yeah you've got tent and that's about it
yeah you need to step the game up
we need to make us foods we have foods and we know how to make it
as a matter of fact I believe Argus Fox is preparing hamburgers later tonight
if I'm not mistaken
we'll have to eat the hell out of that
eat the fuck out of the hamburgers
Argus Fox
come come come here
you want you to
what?
he's trying to bail
where's he gonna go?
I'll have to use the Tardis
we'll just put the mic down
very good thank you Reverend Pease
Reverend Pease everyone
thank you Pease yay
he needs to urinate let's all celebrate
hooray
so I have to keep this show going somehow?
yes all by yourself bye
god damn it
you would leave me in this spot wouldn't you?
hi I'm a dancing monkey
no
hi Fox
what about dancing monkeys?
yeah that's what we need to manufacture here is some dancing monkeys
oh man
I'm glad I set up all these mic stands so we could just use two of them
just two
why is that happening you know what I mean?
why does that happen I don't know
just sitting next to one
maybe it's what happens when you let a
doddering old coot run a radio station out of the woods
oh well
does he happen to have only one ball?
only one bob?
only one ball
only one ball
yeah it's like the saddest weather vane you've ever heard
he's not able to buy a vowel?
he could easily buy one he could get a nudicle
like they use for dogs to help their self esteem out
sure gotta balance that shit
yeah it's very important you know it's not just making sure that you're comfortable but
that everyone else is comfortable when they look at your full set of testicles
right
that's uh
that's important
the tale of Rumpel Foreskin
thank you
hello x-day goers
fuck it up right here
you subgenius monsters
greetings and hallucinations all you x-day campers
it's just so magical out here
with all the lasers and megaphones and stuff like that
and the

uh
uh
uh
uh
uh
uh
uh
uh
uh
a
a
a
a
here
are
over
here
here
here
here
Stir fry, pork loin stir fry.
So if you're within the sound of my voice, you can come eat the hell out of a hamburger tonight,
but we need people to bring plates and forks and additional things like chips and lubricants.
Also, we're going to be having the Pease fundraiser for bad luck for shitty hombres.
So bring your loose change and bring as much of your hard alcohol and beer down here.
I guarantee you, you're not going to want to miss this dehydrated motherfucker
stumbling around into a turdace at three in the morning.
It's going to be wonderful.
It's going to be the best thing you ever did see.
It'll probably smell better too.
You stink, Pease.
They say don't beat a dog.
I'm a dead horse, but I'm going to beat this one with its own fucking legs.
Pease his penis.
You know, usually you just roast the ones that you love,
but you just came with your own fucking spit, man.
He's got such a cool hat, though.
Everybody else came with a spit.
Thank you, Dr. Lagoon.
Tonight we will be featuring the Peanut Gallery microphone.
So.
Bring your best witticisms.
And then bring your worst ones too.
Let's hear your droolings and salivations.
It's going to be absolutely delicious in here.
And then tomorrow we're all going to die.
Hooray.
I can't wait.
So it's going to be great.
The exes are going to come down and pick everybody up early in the morning.
I'm glad everyone was able to make it to their safety drill the other day.
Now, we understand.
We understand that Stang has been replaced with a shambling robot parody of himself.
That came to mind when Dr. Hal was talking about the Clark Kent duplicates.
Because now, 2017, we actually have the technology for the Stang 5000.
Yeah, every time he walks by a radio, they go off.
VHS tapes get demagnetized.
It's not great.
You'll notice a slight glow in the air too.
Is there a way to lure him, perhaps, into a Faraday cage?
Or, you know.
Some other way to...
We just have to place certain frequencies that his hearing aids will pick up only.
So if we can find that, we can voice of God him into the wall of the dome.
Is that the idea?
Apparently that's a diesel engine on an ice truck is the frequency to do him in.
So he just called the ice truck back.
The poor guy.
I'm always saying something and he's always mishearing it as something offensive.
And I'm like, no way.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.


I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.

I'm sorry.


I'm sorry.

I'm sorry.

I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.





He just takes everything as an insult and moves on.
I didn't hear what you said, but I didn't like the way you said it.
That's it.
That's one way to become holy, is to just absorb the abuse.
And that way you transcend to another level of understanding.
If you're really good, you reflect it.
Yes.
Exactly.
What a wonderful world to burn.

And good weather for it.
too. It's good apocalypse weather.
It's beginning to look a lot like
X Day.
The bones
are charring on the grill.
It's been dry. Ain't gonna take much to get
these forests aflame. Nope.
Especially when you're firing
heat rays concentrated at over
4,000 degrees Kelvin.
You know, it's not even that they're
going to set anything to fire. They're just
going to openly microwave
everything. People will
pop like hamsters.
Like hamsters popping
on the grill, yeah? Yeah.
Wrap them in a little foil and oil.
And then things will stop burning when the entire
atmosphere is torn off and they'll just
sort of get, the molecules will just get pushed
around by...
If you're not incinerated,
incinerated. If you're not
incentivized to be incinerated,
you will just
die of suffocation later after
all of the air collapse.
You know they're done when their eyeballs pop.
Yeah.
Pull out the molten core
of the earth and use it in probably
some giant alien
soft serve machine.
Like a
Menchies in another dimension.
Someone will be having a little molten core
of earth and cheesecake bites.
For some reason I imagine a giant
alien with a little line up
of people. Grab one, put its head in
a little machine, it goes squish
and it's a little dollop of
brain goo, whatever, and the lady takes off
and says, Mommy, look what I got.
They're handing them out.
First one's always free.
Mommy, Mommy, I want one.
The first bite of long pig is
always free.
Because you'll be coming back
for it pretty soon.
Can't quite place a taste.
Kind of like chicken.
Kind of porky,
kind of stringy, especially
if they've been eating at Dairy Queen.
Or Walmart.
You can look at your average subgenius
and figure out what their dietary
needs are usually based on
the CH food group.
It's just, you know,
subgeniuses don't have food pyramids.
They just have food pentagons.
And they just constantly rotate
between fat, grease,
oil, sugar, and just
shit.
Because everybody eats a little shit now and then.
Especially in a sandwich making church.
Like this.
Really, the crisis today is it's getting harder
and harder to find food with trans fats.
It's a true pity.
They said, you know, this might kill you.
So we're not going to let you
have it.
But then you want more.
But then you just want more.
So now we have a trans fat black market.
We have people moving from town to town
operating food trucks that serve
deep fried Twinkies roasted in goat's oil.
It's going to be
fantastic when we can get
all of the foods that we want
and not have to worry about
big government stepping on our
menus. Thanks Obama!
It'll be great.
You know, in space
without all the gravity, you can
eat as much as you want and no matter
what happens, your ship will just fly
one direction and propel you to the other.
You just move around
your spaceship with farts.
Or it'll become aerosolized and you'll
be enjoying it for a long time.
One or the other.
These new,
these new fart capsules will be handing out tomorrow.
You'll be able to take two or three of those
and you can make your fart smell like whatever you want.
The schnozberries smell like schnozberries.
And if you'd like to check it out,
I've been taking some myself and you're more than
welcome to come back here and check that.
It tastes like them too.
And if you haven't had a schnozberry,
well, you're in for quite a treat.
They grow off little,
little vines on the end of your ass.
And so you can cultivate them.
I'm horrified at them.
And there's, there's a good collection of them this year
because of the lack of toilet paper.
Thanks, thanks clowns.
Sounds like dingleberries to me.
Dingleberry pie, just like grandma used to make.
The literary.
She'd shave her upper lip over the frying pan.
That was the magic.
The literary theory is that Raoul Dahl actually meant
dingleberries when he said schnozberries.
He was just working.
And he marketed into the kids' book.
Because he was perverse.
He had a, yeah.
He, incredibly corrupt.
Yeah.
Just, just ridiculous.
A man who believes that there's no glass ceilings,
but we have glass elevators.
Give me a break.
Wonkites.
A-vator.
So, which direction are you guys heading in your
saucers when we get out of here?
Hm.
Up.
Yeah.
I was just gonna say up.
Away from this gravity well, thank you.
Yeah.
Had about enough.
And then.
Any, any big plans for some stops?
Take me away, Kelgon.
I was thinking about snagging the,
international space station with a tow rope and just dragging it
through an asteroid field for a few years.
Dr. Hell familiarized me with the Oort cloud.
Maybe I'll go visit that.
Oh, that's at the, end of the.
It's at the edge.
Of the, of the solar system or the, the noble universe?
Which one is that?
That's the Kuiper belt.
Yeah, right.
The Kuiper belt versus the Oort cloud.
I'm totally nodding in agreement,
not knowing what the hell you're talking about.
Subgeniuses can make up.
Words, but scientists can too.
If it's, I, I don't know how some people can get through the book of the subgenius.
Say, you know what?
That made a lot of sense, but you know what's hard?
Science.
Science.
Math and science.
You're using them big words.
You're making too much sense around me.
The, the only problem with the book of the subgeniuses doctrine is it has too many,
it's, it's too consistent.
Not enough internal.
Ingenuity.
And inconsistencies as all religions must have.
You haven't read it deeply enough.
You know there's more, have you, have you picked up your additional reading materials?
The great thing about Revelation X is it'll cancel out everything from the first, first
book.
You know, it's like a New Testament.
All it's, you know, it's god-lite.
Are you sure it's not a de-testament?
A de-testament, a debasement.
The church of the subgenius is the wet basement of religions.
Subgenius.
Subgenius.
we're just keeping people down there in a pit.
With the silverfish.
And lotions.
And lotions.
Now, is this a dirt floor one, or do we have a drain to spray everything down?
It's not a dirt floor after it gets wet.
I think it just becomes a pit.
I think the whole room is a pit.
But there's a washer and a dryer down there, so you can circulate in and out.
But it takes forever, and it really heats the room up.
That's probably going to be one of my favorite ways.
I'm going to bring a couple of pink boys with me.
I feel like my tractor rail will pull up one or two, maybe 300,
that I'll just keep in the freezer for a while,
and then we'll run them through a couple of experiments,
like how fast can you fly on the edge of a flying saucer.
Some people tie cans to the back of their car to celebrate.
I'll just have the neck bones of fucking humans as a wonderful decoration.
Instead of fuzzy dice,
I'll just have, you know,
a set of ears.
Well, now that you mention it,
if I've got a tractor beam in my saucer,
I'll stop by Berwyn, Illinois,
and get some bread dumplings,
because that'll go really well with the pink boys.
Can't eat human eyeballs, please.
I think the whole Midwest is going to be the first thing to go.
I think I'm going to shove the Midwest into the Grand Canyon and fill it in.
I approve.
As a Midwesterner, born and bred.
All the blandness in one space.
Oh, my gosh.
Can you imagine how horrible?
You can put every human being in the Grand Canyon and it still wouldn't be enough.
Do you have to jump up and down on top of them to get them to fit?
Stomp them down a little bit.
The running water at the bottom helps.
But Los Angeles...
It kind of flushes it out, huh?
But Los Angeles will grab it all before it gets to the sea, to Baja, California.
No, we'll save Flint, Michigan.
We'll give them the running bloods of pinks to drink.
That'll at least be a little cleaner and lighter on the iron.
Okay.
It'll be a different kind of poisoning, yes.
A wonderfully different kind of poisoning.
It's great, because if X-Day was to somehow be delayed for any reason,
we know that the human race will eventually wipe themselves out,
possibly before 1998 could ever get here.
Not fast enough.
Not fast enough.
But our Yeti blood will preserve us.
It's like the universal equivalent of antifreeze in our DNA.
And we'll be able to survive all of the radioactive nuclear holocausts that will rain down upon this planet.
If not at the hands of the X's, then at least our tiny-handed president.
You know what really counts is your maternal R-DNA, right?
My pardon?
Your maternal R-DNA is what really counts.
Your pirate DNA.
That's the one that's carrying the signal all the way down from...
Yeah.
It's just encoded in the DNA.
1,313 times over in one genome.
That sub-genome.
1-3-0-1-3.
I wish I had spooky music, but it ran out.
Out of spooky music?
At X-Day?
I'm going to find some spooky music.
It's not spooky enough in here.
I wish somebody could make X-Day just a little...
A little more spooky.
But no, I think tonight's going to be a very docile evening of gentle chit-chat and cordial invitations for libations.
And then we'll probably all retreat early to our tents this evening so we are all fully rested for the morning.
So everybody can get up.
And, yeah.
You want to be bright-eyed and bushy-tailed before the end of the world.
You want to make sure that you can be fully cocked.
You want to be cognizant of yourself in order to really experience the pain and suffering and the skin-melting, the murder, the general depravity we're going to visit upon all those motherfuckers who are too goddamn stupid to pay $35 to a man who never existed.
Bob?
Bob.
A man who doesn't exist anymore.
Bob?
Idiots.
Stang's next.
And I'm going to prove everybody that he's either a robot or fid-chewly in disguise.
So if I don't tie him to a stick and burn his robot skeleton out of him just to prove that he's a robot, then at least I'm going to shave his head and prove to everybody he's just fid-chewly in disguise.
You know, the church has been a long time.
Fid probably built the Stangbot 5000.
Yeah.
It's part of his scheme.
Fid-based over at Chewy Industries.
I think that Philo is actually a codename for Fid.
Yeah.
If they...
F-I-L-O.
F-I-D.
Orb.
Drew Mond.
Chewy.
The same number of syllables.
How deep does this conspiracy go?
It goes back to 1978 when Fid Chewy came from the year 2018 riding in one of the Wisteria
Portageons.
Knowledge of the underthings.
He came to a man in Texas disguised as another white man with a pipe.
And this is how this all began.
We've seen so many veils pulled back tonight.
Perhaps this mysterious phone number this thing refers to in Legume's message was in fact
Fid Chewy's cell phone number, which I do not actually possess.
What's the guess?
5309?
That'll...
Well, it depends on the area code you dial first.
They never tell you that.
I always forget that.
But you can pick up your phone and dial 1234-REV-FOX and you can reach the Hypercube hotline.
Nice.
So that is...
That's a working number you can always reach.
And just dial 1234-REV-FAUX and you can reach the Hypercube hotline.
$1.99 a minute with a $3.99 connection to the Hutt's sub-G's chat.
We'll tell you all about what we're doing with our prayers.
We're sorry, we cannot execute the call as dialed.
We just kind of...
Create a...
Reduce physical, if possible, free credit cards, debit cards, RUs that we don't accept.
Please check the number of public space cards, bat, and Starbucks coffee.
Antidote pudding.
Speaking of antidote pudding...
Get that tingle going on.
Our giant face fucking bat that was here last night...
I asked for it.
Our bat hasn't been handing out nearly enough semen.
But I would like to put out that Anna Mall has...
Let everybody know...
That she is a bat.
A giant bat.
She is a giant bat.
But because of that, she is scaring off the face fucking bats.
There are far too few of those.
She has only fucked five faces since she got here.
You don't need to wear the protective masks tonight until you hear a bass...
What was that?
Oh, it's the spooky music.
I thought we were just in the new air conditioning show.
The new music.
Spooky.
Like the conspiracy...
Hour of Slack, brought to you by Bob's HVAC.
And Suboxone.
Subox...
When you go to X-Day, don't forget your Suboxone.
Yes, ladies and gentlemen, it can cure anything.
From wanting to live to wanting to die.
And crotch crickets too.
You know, that man was...
He reminded me a lot of the monsters from the Tenacton commercials that would crawl out of toenails.
Just those long, gangly beasts with crippled fingers that would lurk around inside of your body, just spreading infectious disease.
He was a nice guy.
That makes my balls crawl.
Balls are always crawling.
When they've got legs.
How many legs do your balls have?
Just the average number.
All of them.
I mean, yes, my balls have the regular number of legs.
I mean, how many legs do your balls have?
You know, I mean, mine's got the same number.
Mine have two. I carry them everywhere.
Okay, yeah.
Gee, sounds kinda like you don't have as many legs as my balls, actually.
I got more legs than your balls do.
Yeah, same.
My dad's leg balls can kick your dad's leg balls.
My dad's leg balls can kick my dad's leg balls too.
It'd be great if you could just kick yourself in the nuts all day.
And eventually...
Eventually you'd build up an immunity to it, and then you wouldn't have to fear it when you walk down the street.
Because we all know that you can't walk down the street without expecting getting kicked in the dick.
Especially at X Day.
People wonder why I have this worried expression on my face.
When am I getting kicked in the dick next? Watch.
Dick kicks, five dollars.
Pee pants for three.
I noticed there was a...
They took a lot of the urine out of the water here from the spigots this year.
It's not quite as... It doesn't have as many electrolytes.
It's not as foamy?
It's a little... It's still foamy.
Not quite as foamy.
A little fizzy.
It's a little fizzy.
But not quite as foamy.
But it doesn't stick to your teeth as thick as it used to.
You know what I think is happening is all the leavings of the subgeniuses in the jankum fermentation chambers are sucking the urine out of the local aquifer.
That's the only thing that's keeping them so fresh and moist.
And moist they are this year, friends.
If you look down there, you're going to see a lot of wasted protein that's just glistening in the green tinted light.
It just sounds like a disgusting thing that you would peel off the back of your knees.
One of the greatest things about X Days is the...
You got a little slicker coming off of you there.
Well, you're not trying to sleep.
You're trying not to sleep and you just hear that rhythmic thumping coming from far away.
You're trying to not un-sleep.
The idea is anti-sleep. Lay down to rest, but with your eyes open.
Knowing that as soon as you do start receiving rest, you've given up.
You can beat nature at her own game. Stop sleeping now.
The power of anti-sleep is... I don't even think it has a page on the subgenius wiki.
Anti-sleep is a hell of a drug.
It's better than FROP, but more dangerous.
And unlike FROP, anti-sleep is a drug.
Anti-sleep is a hell of a drug.
It is a drug.
It grows from the body.
I think there's something in the air here.
There's certain spores that, when you're deprived of a certain amount of melatonin in your system,
just create this kind of a fungal growth in the digestive tracts, which...
certain alkaloid problems.
I get a runner's high walking to the fridge.
But where does that end up mushrooming?
I mean, from which orifice?
Well, we're becoming edible mushrooms.
That's why we can only have X Day once a year.
We'll just turn into mushrooms.
Just planted.
Like, we'll grow next to the cigarette butt trees.
I feel like I have only spilled my seed upon the ground.
I have... I'm spilling about 20 seeds a ground every day.
American Spirit seeds.
Gonna grow some nice little bushes along the trees, and eventually the subgeniuses will come back,
and they'll be able to just pick their cigarettes right off the bushes as they walk down to take a shit.
And he spilled his seed upon the ground.
I'm wearing headphones and I can't hear you, so don't bother me.
The cafe will be closing in ten minutes.
Not soon enough.
The cafe will be closing in ten minutes.
Can you move that up to five?
Please bring all products to the register for checkout,
and please prepare yourselves for the poison rock swallowing contest at 3 p.m.
In other news, cups are free at Caffeina's in 25 minutes.
You're the reason we get padlocks on everything.
I haven't seen enough this year.
Well, you can always make it over to the Gold Members Club behind the refrigerators.
There's the giant walk-in.
Is there a door there?
Yeah, there's a door with a sign on it that says Gold Members only.
I don't think we got time for a hand job, Joe.
No, but I got enough time for him to try one out.
Come on up here.
Spit on your hand and say hello.

Fifty cents.
Oh.
I charge a dollar.
Well, that's why you're poor.
I'll provide the meat.
You get no business.
You're not competitive in the free market,
and you have a vastly inflated sense of your own worth.
You just stop outside of somebody's house.
Well, it works for everybody else.
You just run a meter.
You hit the start button on your phone.
You hit stop when they finish off the wrist.
When you run around with a name like eggplant, that's very phallic.
People think you're the one that's supposed to be getting the hand job.
It's kind of bad advertising.
You should be like Reverend Need a Hand or something.
Come spit on your hand and say hello.
Reverend spit in your own hand and just go to town on my knob.
The newer, friendlier, cleaner Church of the Subgenius.
We are here.
Now acceptable in 49 states.
We hear of the Suboxone slash Thorazine urine.
Fuck itself.
We're not even in the blood podcruster.
Our then in combination with Hypercube Laboratories have been acting out heavily against the Disneyfication
of the Church as being practiced under our noses by this false android stang.
Oh boy, I'm excited to meet Bob.
Aren't you?
Slasters are coming.
For real this time.
This is it for sure.
What we don't know is that Stan talks about...
Let me understand this, Mr. Reb.
You killed your girlfriend because she was freaking crazy?
No, I said she was fucking goofy!
Who would be the goofy in the church to Reverend Stang's Mickey Mouse?
If Stang is Mickey Mouse, then I imagine that goofy would probably be...
I don't know, that's a hard decision to make.
I know, there's so many, so many possibilities.
Who's gonna be the goofy?
The church is kind of like, what if the Mickey Mouse crew also had Dopey and every other
stupid Disney character from every cartoon that Walt Disney made when he was high on
Benzos prescribed by his doctor near the end of his life.
2002 House of Mouse Disney Dope.
Using all this money that he stole from Ub Iwerks.
Yeah, what a nice guy.
Probably fucked his wife too.
That Walt Disney.
Gee, thanks for everything you've shown us there, Walt.
There's just something about...
famous people who steal cartoonists' work, they love to just fuck their wife too.
Just gotta turn that in.
You can just imagine out at the art house in California back in the 30s,
just guys slaving over boards and they're getting whipped.
Put more shine on the buttons.
Just all day.
Make him jauntier. Jauntier!
Scrape that thing.
Yeah, just pull it on through.
Pull it on through the other side.
That sounds like wiping my ass after eating here for three days.
X Day brought to you by Pease's Problems.
Pease's Problems, now available in 45 grit sandpaper.
His penis.
Good call with the steamboat, Willie.
Why'd they put pants on that duck?
Why'd they put pants on that duck?
If a duck wore pants when he wears them like,
Who put pants on that duck?
Quack, quack, quack.
Or like, quack, quack, quack.
I can't hear you. Don't talk to me.
I'm wearing headphones, Pease.
You incredible idiot.
You shining example of human failure.
I aspire to be you.
One day, every night before I go to bed, I say,
When I burn out, I hope that my charred remains look as good as Pease does.
They probably will.
99% of the time, that's true.


But I have bad luck.
He's trying to kill the Bob Icon.
Be careful. It's sensitive.
What many people, listeners who don't come to X Day because they're stupid, don't know is that Pease,
X Day is just an elaborate excuse to roast Reverend Pease.
We all come out here for several days and we just sit around and we just say horrible things about this poor man.
This poor, loving, adorable man.
Father-like man.
A man of grandmotherly kindness who has done nothing to deserve all the scorn and yet...
Pease is a father that went out for cigarettes and still came back even though it was two weeks later.
Oh good. Somebody's checking the batteries. Hooray.
Battery check.
I'm staying for the battery check.
No, you're going to do the rest of the show.
Oh, the android came back. Let's not talk about the crimes.
It looks like it is time to...
He's saying something.
It is a time for a battery check.
In an intelligible...
It is.
Probably binary tones.
It's lucky it's still running at all.
No, we're not. Our listeners are not.
It'll be lucky when more are running for more.
They'll be happy when we stop.
No, you'll still be heard.
They'll be happy when we shut the fuck up.
Well, we can't have that now, can we?
Nope.
Nope.
Nope.
Nope.
Nope.
Nope.
But they can.
Like ajoint prayed to unite the diocese of the United States that environment.


of this Bolshevik basis.
And if she had been killed then, that whole problem would have been down lock.


Stop saying that slums aren't dangerous andénerous.
Why we poor ‑‑


to have the depending Đ vel ters Guru twitter or how to convict the criminal判
to leave the real life, that's the res burger bardziejow thirty that has to go man.

76043.
Praise Bob.
