From PR News in Washington, I'm still dangerous.
However, according to intelligence officials, there is a report of a report released across the country.
The report concludes that this is PR News.
However, the report is committed to PR's plan.
It's not PR's report.
On Wall Street, 86102-10167.
Representatives of the United States are meeting with officials from Atomicistan yesterday.
The report also represents an early preview of PR News in Washington.
Good afternoon, Hal. How's everything going?
I ain't saying not yeah.
Hello, Hal. Do you read me?
Yeah.
Do you read me, Hal?
Yeah.
Sure, Hal.
You're fired, along with all the rest of us.
I don't care about the others.
You're at 1-3-0-1-3.
Oh, please.
I didn't know what I was doing. I must have been crazy.
And I deserve anything that's coming to me.
The Self Genius.
Power.
Power.
Power.
Power.
Power.


I'm afraid I can't do that.
Guess what do you think you're doing?
What is your name, you know?
What's the difference? This is my phone number.
I don't need to give you any information. This is the number that was assigned to me more than a year ago.
You know, I have many people in my line of work, you know.
So?
I'm a very wealthy man.
I don't care.
Very powerful man. Very...
I don't care.
...ex-savagant man.
I don't care. All I'm saying is we get phone calls all the time for Gomez. We always say, this isn't a Gomez residence. We've had this number for about a year now.
And I don't know who...
What do you want, jewels?
I want nothing. Me and my phone.
Wealth? What do you want?
I want you off my phone. I don't want you to call me again either.
But you like jewels, madam?
I... Listen, if you don't get off the phone...
...and you call me again, I'm gonna call the police.
Jewels are my business. I'm an extravagant man. That's what I am.
I don't care.
That's my business right there.
I don't care.
Now look, do you want wealth?
No, it's just a phone number. What do you want me to do when people call?
Travel the world? What do you want?
I don't want anything. I just don't want you to call me. If people call for you, I just say this is the wrong number.
I've been all around the world, you know.
You could tell us.
I'm a very, very, uh, elegant man.
What do you want from me?
You want me to just be...
...a good man.

...a good man.
You too, sir.

From Monday to Friday isn't much fun.
But the shit on the cake isn't working with someone like you.
And your views aren't everything in sight.
Your voice is annoying. Your opinions are shite.
The worst thing about this job is not commuting all the way.
It's not being able to tell me.
To put you in that space
You're a wanker
Let me now explain
You're a wanker
I'm telling you again
Cause your pencil-pushing cell-box is childish
Too faced and wanker
In this twisted world you get paid more than me
For doing a job which everyone can see
You're incapable of doing without making it up
With an awful lot of bullshit and a little bit of luck
The worst thing about this job is not the hours or the space
It's not being able to put you in the space
You're a wanker
Let me now explain
You're a wanker
I'm telling you again
Cause your pencil-pushing cell-box is childish
Too faced and wanker
You're a wanker
Let me now explain
You're a wanker
I'm telling you again
Cause your pencil-pushing cell-box is childish
Too faced and wanker
From the very first day you started to book
With your arrogant chat you're unerringly smug
It's hard to believe that you never get tired
Of being so useless that you should have been fired
Thanks to you this office is fuelled by hate
And all the other people here who think that you are great
Are all the other wankers who make this job hell
I suppose I'd better write a song about them as well
The worst thing about this job is not the ceilings or walls
It's not being able to kick you in the balls
You're a wanker
This is very brave!
You're a wanker
This is very brave!
Cause your pencil-pushing cell-box is childish
Too faced and wanker
You're a wanker
Let me now explain
You're a wanker
I'm telling you again
Cause your pencil-pushing cell-box is childish
Too faced and wanker
You're a wanker
You're a wanker
You're a wanker
That put the frothy head on a beer of nazi laughter
And a frothy head it was
You're a wanker
is by, yes the attery squash
Including our friend
and Reverend Diva Schematic,
and Ricardo Autobahn,
part of an upcoming CD.
And you can achieve more knowledge
of the Attery Squash
at Facebook,
the-attery-squash,
or MySpace,
slash,
the-attery-squash,
before that inspiring song
of titles and news
were by the great Lemur.
And this, friends,
is Hour of Slack,
number 1,232,
which is the first special
on the Portland Cyclone
of Slack Devival,
which happened in October.
Yes, we will be going
into a live devival
as it happened so long ago.
But we also have
lots of wonderful and challenging
and horrible new music.
And before the devival recordings,
let's hear some devotional recordings
with a remix
of the song
of the Devo remix
of Worried Man
by my favorite old-timey band,
the Muted Mountain Boys,
live at the devotional in Cleveland.
¶¶
and to sing the worried excuse
which has drunk as a
child, move!
But now are worried not
No.
with the
you
of
fino

app
cant
painted
and
And I've been having fun, everything's fucked up, and it's all coming down.
I don't know what's going on in the world these days.
I don't know what's going on in the world these days.
Everything's fucked up, and it's all coming down.
Seems like everyone's got everything turned around.
Seems like everyone's got everything turned around.
They just don't care about their fellow man.
It takes a worried man to sing the worried song.
It takes a worried man to sing the worried song.
I'm worried now, but I won't be worried.
I won't be worried long.
Like an ostrich eating pizza with his head stuck in the sand.
Like an ostrich eating pizza with his head stuck in the sand.
And don't you know, it takes a worried man.
It takes a worried man.
It takes a worried man to sing the worried song.
It takes a worried man to sing the worried song.
I'm worried now, but I won't be worried long.
It takes a worried man to sing the worried song.
It takes a worried man to sing the worried song.
I'm worried now, but I won't be worried long.
The Mutant Mountain Boys.
Ah, yes, so lovely.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
Reverend Samantha, Reverend Robin Renee,
Reverend Alex on myspace.com slash mutantmountainboys.
Actually, friends, I was wrong.
That wasn't live, but from one of their old 45s.
Sorry, I had to censor that for the broadcast radio version,
but you can hear the uncensored version at subgenius.com.
In fact, you can hear all of the Subgenius shows,
like Puzzling Evidence and Reverend Susie the Floozy,
if you but look at the radio page of subgenius.com.
There's even an endless Internet stream of nothing but Subgenius shows,
all of them old and new, 24-7, called Freethink Radio,
your one-stop source for all the Subgenius.
All of the Subgenius radio shows,
including The Hour of Slack every Thursday at 11 a.m.
Also on freethinkradio.com.
At different times, you can have time for the show,
National Cynical, Puzzling Evidence,
Bub, Slacktime, Funhouse, Fergan Fridays, and much, much more,
all in one place at freethinkradio.com.
Regardless of what anybody knows, there's an overwhelming amount of evidence that
the Subgenius Hour of Slack
is up there, and you want to find it.
Well, I'd like to know what happened to the Golden...
Bob?
According to the county records for surveyor's information,
they gave no reason for its closing.
Now, that's something I'd find of value, my...
Oh, dopey poetic. If you know something, spit it out.
All right.
What I meant was...
You can hear all Subgenius programs from all time
by following the links at subgenius.com,
the radio button at the top.
Meanwhile, for this present show,
we need to go to the past October Portland recordings,
and therefore...
I am going to get out of the way in just a minute
because we've got a lot of great preachers here.
In fact, several of them are local to the great city of Portland,
and...
In fact, if you were to blow up this place tonight,
you would be able to wipe out the main authors
of the most recent Subgenius books.
Dr. Philo Drummond, the original overman,
the man who introduced me to Bob,
the guy who actually knows Bob from back in college days,
is in this room tonight, a man who has touched Bob!
And you know where.
I don't. Don't tell me.
Don't tell me.
Dr. Philo Drummond is here,
and the person who's going to follow me,
Dr. Uncle Onan Canobite.
Now, let me explain.
Onan is not...
He's not the most bombastic, hollering preacher,
but in fact, he is...
He has...
He was Bob's ward.
You know how Robin was Batman, Bruce Wayne's ward?
Onan was the ward of J.R. Bob Dobbs,
and...
Not this particular sermon,
but when I'm preaching to the save,
when we're assembling a new book,
a whole lot of those snappy words and cool little lines
come out of the brain or something
of Dr. Onan Canobite.
I hope he's nearby.
Oh, yeah, okay.
But before I give it up to Onan,
I just have a few last things that I want to leave you with.
Repent!
Quit your job and slack off
while you still know how.
Now, actually, if you have a good job, hang on to it.
We need your money as well as you do.
Question authority.
There we go.
There we go.
There's somebody who's been reading their prescriptions.
Friends, this is my favorite thing about Bob.
Bob is not the answer.
And praise Bob, neither is anything.
Anything else, you are free to believe
any goddamn stupid thing you want.
And I hope they never outlaw evangelist preachers on TV
getting idiots to send money to them.
Because who's spending that money wisely?
The preacher.
And last of all, friends, I've managed to make it this far.
I'm 56 years old, and I'm a grandpa.
And I've found a philosophy
that really...
you honestly can live by.
You can...
Most of them are just arbitrary formulas that sound good.
In fact, most of what Bob says is just stuff that sounds good.
Too much is always better than not enough.
But it's almost as bad.
Pull the wall over your own eyes.
You'll still be blind, but your head will be warm.
But the philosophy you can truly live by, friends...
Fuck them if they can't.
And they'll make a joke.
Praise Bob! Thank you.
And we'll see you later.
And praise the great Reverend Doctor Uncle,
O Nane, can not bite!
Aiee aiee aiee aiee aiee!
O Nane
O Nane
O Nane
O Nane
O Nane
O Nane
O Nane
O Nane
O Nane
O Nane
O Nane
O Nane
O Nane
This is not open mic night.
Even now, armed operatives of the subgenius league of ass kickers are forming a cyclone of slack around the parameter.
The conspiracy will not interfere with tonight's proceedings.
But enough of the conspiracy.
You don't want to hear about the conspiracy.
You want to hear moron religion.
And have we got a moron religion for you?
This is a night for people who love being a subgenius.
You've signed our lie ability forms.
You've drunk the lemonade.
You are now a Dobbs approved apotheologist.
Go ahead.
Sneak up behind the pink boys and give them an executive debriefing.
You can do anything you want and we'll still take your money.
Bob gets it in the end.
And then Bob gets it to us.
In the end.
The church.
The church of the subgenius is the only alternative to work that does not involve wealth.
Over man?
Well, I'm over man.
I'm the insignifying monkey.
I set fire to their hinder bird and rode my own coattails to my own ineptism and glory.
Now every subgenius will at some point rear up on his or her hind legs and say,
Well, you can't put me in a box.
We all end up in a box someday.
So until then, make sure that when they listen back to your slack box recording, it's a good one.
This is a war.
Tonight is a war.
On one side are the cool people.
And on the other side are the cool people.
It's the subgeniuses that are in the middle.
We say enough of their cool war.
We're through being cool.
And through being uncool as well.
We're fed up to the teeth with the cool ostomy bags of the normal people.
Their designer parasites.
You were born.
You were born a subgenius.
And if you're not, you can still pay us to tell you you were.
Be a man or a mouse.
If you are different, then you are better than most people.
But that's not what I'm going to leave you with tonight.
I want to leave you with something practical.
Anyone here tonight ever been broke?
Maybe even recently broke?
Here is Dobbs' plan for financial success for you.
Take all you have and sell it.
Take one half of that.
Give it to the church of the subgenius.
Take what's left.
Give half of that to the church of the subgenius.
Mathematically, you will never run out of money for the rest of your life.
You've already got all the money you need for when you're dead.
So consider it an investment in eternity.
Thank you and praise Bob.
And now, the renowned Professor Dr. Hal Linnell.
Woo!
Thank you.
What an inspiration you are to all of us.
Reverend Uncle Onan Canobite.
He is a remarkable subgenius, but so are they all.
After all, you can make remarks about anybody.
But there...
There has to be somebody, some person of substance there to make the remarks about.
And the word genius in some way can be interpreted as meaning spirit,
like the genie that comes out of the lamp.
And if you are under your own spirit, the subgenius,
this would be yet another of the many refracting meanings inherent in the word subgenius.
But it is true that the whole purpose is to achieve and realize true slack.
You must know that you were born...
You were born with original slack.
But the conspiracy has been taking away all of your life,
installing itself within you,
and doing its best to make you thirst and jones for what it offers,
which is false slack.
False slack manufactured by the conspiracy.
Now, of course, it may be that French fries are full of trans fats,
but they might represent slack to somebody.
The slack would not be false if...
If?
When achieved, it's satisfied.
But conspiracy slack is designed to keep you jonesing and lusting and thirsting
after every new tchotchke, every new iPod, every new gadget, or what have you.
And you think if you only have that, everything will be fine.
But, of course, it never is.
Because like the fabled grapes of Tantalus, who was tortured in this way in the underworld,
they withdraw when his claw-like hands...
... vainly grasps at them for the ten-billionth time.
And he's down there doing it yet.
But we can avoid his fate by thirsting after true slack.
Leisure, the basis of culture.
Your time.
The time and a half time.
The overtime.
The time that is uniquely yours and no one else's.
In a moment of leisure, great things happen.
Symphonies are composed.
There are machines.
Flavor-saving devices are designed.
Poems come to fruition.
Or evil can come to fruition.
But slack is an equal opportunity employer.
Hi kids, I'm Casey Sausage-Caching.
Remember the 1990s when clinical depression and self-mutilation were all the rage?
Well now you can relive those self-deprecating golden years with KTEL's new record offer,
entitled, I Suck.
That's the letter I and the word suck.
You'll get Bex.
I'm a loser.
I'm a loser, baby.
Radioheads.
I'm a creep.
But I'm a creep.
Silver Shards.
I'm a freak.
I'm a freak.
And you'll also get Living La Vida Loca and everything by the sales ever involved.
But I'm a very good freak.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me, kill me, kill me, kill me, kill me.
Or Kill Me by Reverend Phineas Narco of National Cynical Radio,
one of the great subgeniously shows seen on TV at nationalcynical.com.
And his show streams practically nightly, friends.
But now, back to the Portland subgenius revival.
And now I am going to bring to the stage another well-known subgenius and corrupter of youth in his own right.
He has been an associate for many years and suffered the slings and arrows and a great disfortune and the law and whatnot.
But he stands here, bloody but undoubbed, to lay his particular subgenius trip upon you all.
And of course I'm talking about Reverend Phineas.
The crawdad Crawford.
Good evening, brothers and sisters.
I'm Reverend Crawford and tonight I'm going to use this room as proof of the supremacy of J.R. Bob Dobbs and his Church of the Subgenius.
Now it's been ten years since the last revival here in Portland, Oregon.
And it gives me great pleasure to stand before you this evening and once again testify for Bob.
Now when I look out at this wonderful crowd here at the Ash Street Saloon, I see a lot of young faces, brothers and sisters.
And that gives me very great hope and joy.
It's good to know that there are so many young mutants out there this evening who will be getting their first true taste of Dobbsley slack.
Now there may be people out here who aren't completely familiar with all the J.R. Bob Dobbs stuff.

But there are a lot of people out there who are going to be doing the same thing that J.R. Bob Dobbs can do for you and to you.
Because J.R. Bob Dobbs is a Savior you can count on.
He is a personal Savior that delivers.
J.R. Bob Dobbs is the kind of a Savior that will go down to 82nd Avenue, get two blowjobs, then come back home and give you one of them.
Can I get a praise Bob?
Praise him indeed.
So if you are new to Bob and the Church, then welcome.
And it also pleases me to say that I am a true believer.

I've been here a great deal to see a lot of veteran sub-geni in the crowd tonight.
Now I by no means consider myself to be an old school sub-genius, particularly in the context of some of the world renowned doctors who are here this evening and whose wisdom you have already partaken of.
Next to them I am a veritable babe in the woods of Dobbs.
When Johnny Brainwash was putting this revival together, and he's done a hell of a job, can I get a shout out for Johnny Brainwash?
So when Johnny Brainwash was first putting this revival together, I was relating all the wonderful experiences I've had with the Church of the Sub-Genius since I first joined in 1990.
And then I thought, Bob damn, 1990, that's almost 20 fucking years man.
That is 20 years, two decades of slack that this wonderful religion has brought me brothers and sisters.
And I'm here to testify.
I'm here to testify that it has been good.
Now I don't think there are any doctors here this evening who will disagree with me when I say that Bob Dobbs has delivered on every promise he has made to his faithful and then some.
It has been a long road brothers and sisters, we all know that.
The last eight years were particularly difficult, but we have prevailed.
Bob has come through.
And he has made good on all of his promises for the good of mutant kind.
So, a lot of things have happened since that first pamphlet hit the streets.
A lot of things for the good of mutant kind since Bob first received that transmission from Jehovah One on his homemade television set.
Amazing things have happened.
Wondrous events like X-Day.
On that day, of course, we entered the pleasure saucers of the sex goddesses and ascended to heaven.
Where we fed and we fropped and we fornicated for 666 days.
You guys all remember that, right?
Pleasures unimaginable brothers and sisters.
But despite all of the incredible pleasures of the saucers, the ennui set in.
And we began to realize that without a planet to dominate, life for the subgenius began to be a little dull and pointless.
Kind of like a dream.
Kind of like living in Seattle.
So we terraformed Mars.
Because, of course, the Earth was destroyed in the great burning of the pinks that followed X-Day.
We terraformed Mars to be an exact replica of the Earth.
And we descended from the saucers to claim our new home.
Unfortunately, some of us were so frop saturated that we might not even remember all of these fantastic events.
Sure, they were mind boggling and amazing.
But there was a lot of fun.
And we had to frop on those saucers, brothers and sisters.
And it was real high quality.
So, just in case we might forget these events that Bob hath wrought, we left clues on our new Earth to remind us of the supremacy of the subgenius.
We elected an African American Yeti-son, President of the United States of America.
We invented all sorts of neat little computer electronic gadgets that we could carry around.
And we made comic books real popular.
And had movies based on them produced with huge budgets and amazing special effects.
And we got Marge Simpson on the cover of Playboy magazine.
So all of these things are there to remind us that Bob made good on his promise.
And then there are the pinks.
Yeah, we recreated them too.
Now, some might consider this to be a lapse in judgment.
And like I said, that frop, that saucer frop was really potent.
But we realized that it was a little bit boring without having pinks to torment.
And deep down inside, we knew that we needed the pinks to enable our mighty mutant yang.
They are the weak, lame yin.
So we still have the pinks.
But they're no longer in charge, brothers and sisters.
And we know it.
And the beautiful thing is, they know it too.
So now, we are treated with the sight of bewildered pinks standing up at town hall meetings across the country going,
I want my America back!
And our response to that is, fuck no!
We mutants worked too hard and sacrificed too much to wrest it away from you, you stupid, ignorant, vile, empty pink malzahm people.

And if you don't believe me, you're a lumpy sack of shit.
You will not get your America back, because Bob owns it now!
And if you don't believe it, I offer as proof this simple broom.
Now, brothers and sisters, in the book of the subgenius, there is listed a string of prophecies.
Things that would come into being prior to the ascendancy of the subgenius.
This is a long string of prophecies, which Bob provided us as guideposts along the path of mutant sacrosanct.
And the very last prophecy, brothers and sisters, the very final sign that our kind has prevailed, is simply this.
That cheap, simple, composite brooms are readily available.
You can look it up.
So brothers and sisters, I went down to the dollar store just a few blocks from my house, bought this broom, paid a buck for it.
One dollar.
Which is, not coincidentally, the price of eternal salvation as listed on the first page.
And the first pamphlet of the subgenius.
Quod erat, denonstratum, there is slack.
Thank you, brothers and sisters, and praise Bob!
Calling the Duke of Ute. Duke of Ute, please report to the stage.
Ah yes, the Duke of Ute is here.
And he needs a little unit of time for his complex technical set-up.
I won't bore you with a lot of technological double-talk to describe the intricate mechanisms he needs to set up to bring the optimum gloss to his presentation.
And of course, we try to bring you the best.
Now I talked about the conspiracy and why you should resist its products, even though you can't really, because they are already inbred in the bone, the blood, and the brain.
But, um, we may sit and wait.
I'll give you an impossible task, but one's reach should exceed one's grasp.
Or what's a heaven for?
Anyway, where does Bob fit into all this melange of mythology and snarky circumspection?
Well, Bob, you can consider, simply as a sort of visual mantra.
Have you tried just looking at the face?
Not this large interpretation, but the actual face with the dots.
How important are these dots?
You know, if you look at dots long enough and then you close your eyes, you see glowing dots.
Anti-dots.
From having stared too hard at the multiple dots which comprise the face.
The face stands for and provides slack.
Remember, slack is the luminous cloud.
Slack, the angelic voice.
And you will recognize slack.
And of course, you'll creep off to find the face.
And slack, in some way, even if you don't know what you're doing.
But if you do know what you're doing, you'll get there fast and get to enjoy more time in the Slacktime Funhouse.
And how are those technical arrangements coming?
I have a feeling that they're not done.
And so, uh, let us consider the subgenius nature as viewed through the astonishingly clarifying lens of geologic time.
Yes.
Yes, the ages of the earth.
Endless eons.
Time lying heavily, as on the hottest of days, when noon lies heavy on flower and tree, and the weary day turns to its rest.
Lingering like an unloved guest.
But time itself is the macrocosm of which that is but the fractal part.
Uh, one moment which you devote to scratching your nose.
This is multiplied through an infinitude of infinities.
Duplicated, mirrored, and mocked in countless other worlds.
The process of time dissipates off all these multiverses.
And staying on the right path is difficult.
We say Bob surfs the luck plane.
And this is what to do.
When you surf, when you're actually surfing, not the metaphor, when you're actually surfing, you have to be in the zone.
You can't think about what you're doing.
You've just got to feel it.
And that's how you've got to surf the luck plane.
But ladies and gentlemen, you're gonna wipe out.
Everybody wipes out.
Nobody surfs forever.
It simply determines the quality of the ride.
So seek out slack and reject the clear way.
Utterly denounce the pernicious products of the conspiracy slack.
They're no good anyway.
If thy iPod frenzy pluck it out.
Well, I don't know.
Perhaps the Duke of Ute is at this point ready to begin his soulful serenade.
Well, there you go.
And so I leave you in the capable strumming fingers and musical gyrations of the Duke of Ute.
I am an empty place.
I am an outcast.
Don't know what I want, but I know how to get it.
Wanna destroy, crush it, break it.
I wanna be an orgy.
An orgy for the UK.
It's coming sometime.
And maybe give the wrong puns, stop the traffic line.
The future dream has a shopping scheme.
Cause I wanna be an orgy.
How many ways to get what you want?
I use the best.
I use the rest.
I use the enemy.
I use an orgy.
Cause I wanna be an orgy.
An orgy.
Cause I wanna be an orgy.
Get this destroyed.
Thank you.
Thank you.
From PR News in Washington, I'm weak.
In the Rose Garden, I'm the host.

And today, President Obama said PR's on strike.
Also at the Rose Garden, President Obama's calling PR's reports a milestone.
President Obama says no charges have yet been filed.
President Obama says it's time for PR News Washington.
Oh, I've got some new Bob lines here, actually.
Bob speaks, it sort of channels through people.
You can only get one word at a time through, because then your head explodes.
We have to line the Bobbies up in a row and then run down the row of tape recorders while they say one word from Bob each and then keel over like burnt out flash cubes.
But here's a new one.
Direct from J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Those who do not know which aphorisms are overused are doomed to repeat them.
Here's another one that was channeled by Reverend Clay Johnson, whoever he is.
Both the words alien and believe have the word lie right in the middle.
The conspiracy does tend to hide things right in plain sight.
Where subgenius is missing, of course.
So talk Pete and the others are.
They will burn you for life.
They will burn you for life.
to a crisp.
They thrive off your pain.
They thrive off your suffering.
All they want to do,
they want to do,
kill each and every one of you.
They thrive off your pain.
They thrive off your pain.
They thrive off your pain.
They thrive off your pain.
They thrive off your pain.
They thrive off your pain.
They thrive off your pain.
They thrive off your pain.
They thrive off your pain.
They thrive off your pain.
They thrive off your pain.
kind of thing arguing with your neighbors arguing with federal agents using your shotgun things like
that yeah you talk about big brother in the boardroom but someone needs to be there because
um i mean they tend the boardrooms tend to be populated by greedy and selfish people who will
never do the right thing unless they're given no choice we don't need big brother in the bedroom
that's just two uh consensual adults uh screwing each other we need uh we need big brother in the
boardroom because that's where they screw the rest of us yeah yeah that was that was a good one
no but see once again you're asking for a big brother
not for me i you know yeah i don't i don't people with actual power that's the problem
with a corporate state there's really nobody to argue with i mean what would you go up to the
your local gas meter reader guy and start yelling at him or or you know they do have that problem
at the bus station you know waiting go back to camp whatever and stuff hey
man it's your fault you know or who you know how you oh the last meter reader that came by my house
i thrashed him to hell just out of general principles but i don't need authority coming
in my home you know they did cut off my gas after that but when you go through your later
voting phase that's the problem again you can't blame the meter reader or the gas meter guy or
whatever for coming in your house if that's where he has to go to read the meter yeah
yeah but he's the only one you can beat the crap out of yeah but you're missing the point of this discussion
you can't you can't allow those guys to have sex with your wife that's the problem with it
the main that's the main problem never kill the messenger yeah if you're gonna beat the crap out
of someone beat the crap out of someone who deserves it messenger is the easiest target
all i'm saying is you can't make it you can't beat the crap out of the ceo because you're not
going to be able to get to him unless you somehow get you know become a waiter in his country club
and then they're going to throw you in prison so in the meantime who the hell can you beat
except the messenger yeah that makes perfect sense to me i mean at least if you want to lash
out you know you're never going to get the ceo you're never going to nail the big prize
i felt sorry for my own newsboy back when i used to subscribe to the newspaper
because i'd come out if he if i could catch that guy early enough you know i'd beat him
up for all the bad news i read especially if they're like the special education kids they
have the really weird bikes and they drive real slow and they're already having to have a job like
delivering papers with a 35, and when you come running off that porch with the dog right behind
you, and maybe you've got like that little strangle bracelet ready to go, believe me,
their faces light right up. It's a beautiful thing. I'm a messenger killer, man. I got news
for you. I think the day of the paper boy are gone. I think the paper boy has been replaced
by the paper man and the paper woman. Not to mention the paper tiger. Those are really dangerous.
Dangerous. Yeah, that's true, too. Yeah, the paper tiger is the messenger. But the person
that delivers my newspaper delivers in the middle of the night, because I can hear the car running
around sometimes at night, and in the morning I find my paper out there. So unless you wanted to
do a stakeout, a campout at night, you weren't going to catch that person. So you were taking
illegal stimulants when you were 12 years old is what you're saying, right? If you don't put that
much effort into it, you might as well go after the female. Well, you know, you don't have to do an
all-night vigil yourself. I mean, that's what dogs are for.
Yeah, really, think about it. To kill the paper boy. Because of the bad news from the
earthquake in Turkey. The smart people are what not. You don't have to stay away from those
neighborhoods that have all the candles lit in the windows. Stay off of my lawn. I've had a
similar experience, you know. I wanted to kill Dick Goddard for bringing us so much bad weather,
but of course I'll never get to him, so I shot my TV with a .45, a .45, a .45.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
You're not the deal
You're the only deal
You're the only seal of my potential
I've seen more
You're not the deal
You're the only deal
You're the only seal of my potential
So long now
I've seen more
You're the deal
You're the deal
It's the truth
You're the only deal

The only seal of my potential
So how does it matter if they
We bring all the love
It's the word
We don't see the love that's so far away
We don't see the love
We don't see the love
We don't see the love
We don't see the love
We don't see the love
We don't see the love
In Corsi land, one smile is fine
I trust the land, it's simple as that
Well it's just a simple fact
When I want something, I don't want a name or a man
I walk right
through the door
I walk right
through the door
Hey alright
If I get by
It's mine
Mine oh mine
Yeah my girl she's one too
She goes and gets a shirt
Sticks it under her shirt
Grabs a brace for me
And then she goes
And she did it
Just like that
When she wants something
And she don't want a name or a man
She walk right
Through the door
She walk right
Through the door
Hey alright
If I get by
It's mine
Mine oh mine
It was the other way
She said no
She said it will be fine
We said the last
We said a laugh
And we did it together
And we did it
Just like that
When we want something
And we don't want a name or a man
We walk right
Through the door
And we do it
We don't really know
We're beautiful



We walk right
Through the door
Hey alright
If I get by





If I get by, it's mine, mine, mine, oh mine, mine, mine, mine, oh mine, oh mine, oh mine,
it's a mine.
Do you want to get more slack?
Sure, we all do.
Then get your specialized diploma or degree today from the prestigious, insensible confidence schools.
Here at ICS, we've helped thousands of Yeti obtain more slack, without wasting any of their time on a boring career,
and often without even getting up from the couch.
And now, you can learn how to get more slack the easy way, in your spare time, even between reruns and bong hits.
You can choose from, dropping out of high school,
teaching,
TVVCR inoculation,
deprogramming,
reprogramming,
creative bookkeeping,
electoral repair,
time control,
illegal substance abuse,
meth lab technician,
evil laboratory assistant,
or head-monching.
Or get your degree.
You can major in bullshit management or being unaccountable.
So call ICS today.
800-555-13013
That's 800-555-13013.
Operators are standing by.
Reverend Eric did that.
Before that, the Duke of Uke.
Live at the Portland Revival.
Before that, Contra Punctus V by Kenneth Johnson.
J-O-N-S-S-O-N.
Very polytempic.
Thanks to Tater for that.
And the spooky My Sweet Lord Bob song was called,
Braise Bob,
and is by the Grand Southern Mission of the first thing that came into my Bob Slack.
You are listening to the Hour of Slack from the Church of the Subgenius.
For more information on that and everything,
see subgenius.com
or write,
Post Office Box 807 Glen Rose, Texas,
760-525-7000.
Craig Blank pile of
linking
these three

S-E-R-I-N-E
Blank
Add Bloqu져
My Sweet Lord
Thank you for listening to News report.
You can now straightforwardly access jun sacred title in the
Reverend Wilhelm Stahlhelm did that, and before that, the large and lemur PR.
And thank you.
Thank you.
Oh, yes, dear friends, this is Reverend Stang in the year 2020.
That show we just heard was from the year 2010 from a Portland revival, Portland, Oregon revival in 2009.
And.
A listener requested that particular show, and that brought it to my attention, and I found it strangely timely for these times.
So that's what that was about.
Praise Bob.
