It's almost certain that our networks of warning stations would detect BAL in time for you to reach shelter or at least take cover.
It's important that you learn to recognize the attack warning signal and not confuse it with
THE SELF-GENIUS POWER OF SWATCH!
Listen carefully to the instructions. Your life depends on how well you follow them.
See you soon!
Set to pretend
She's overboard
And now I'm sure you know
When the light's out
It's dangerous
We will find out
And paint us
I will do this
And contagion
A lotto
And a vinyl
A mosquito
My love beetle
Yeah
A denial
A denial
A denial
A denial
A denial
A denial
A denial
A denial
A denial
I'm worse at watch
I'm the best
And for this gift
I feel blessed
Hello, hello, hello, hello relieved
Hello, hello, hello, hello relieved
Hello, hello, hello, hello relieved
Hello
Hello



Hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello.
With their lights out, it's left and just here we are now, and that ain't us.
Stupid, and just saying yes, here we are now.
Shut up now, shut up now, shut up now.
If we don't, I deny it, I deny it, I deny it.
I deny it.
I deny it, I deny it, I deny it.
That cut up there, friends, was by the great,
Norrell Preff, just blew me away,
and you can get blown away by a lot more of that
if you check out norrellpreff.com.
Friends, you are in luck, because it's the Ask Dr. Howell show this time,
and the Question Dr. Philo Drummond show.
Yes, friends, fresh from the Ask Dr. Howell nightclub act
that made him the toast of San Francisco,
well, that and the show on KPFA,
and his books, and his magazine illustrations,
his comics, well, anyway, fresh from those,
we got Dr. Howell at our end-of-the-world drill,
and we got Dr. Philo Drummond,
the overman himself,
the second slackliest subgenius next to Bob.
And of course, friends, this show also features
the collages of those two classless cut-ups,
Mr. Fernand and Andy Lemur,
and Norrell Preff,
and lots of puzzling evidence.
So let's go straight to those questions.
Okay, sometimes if the writer of the question
writes something really, really stupid,
I may just skip over the stupid part.
That's what Chicken John does,
but I know Chicken John, and you're no Chicken John.
I'm no Chicken John, and glad to be not Chicken John.
All right, question from the audience, Dr. Howell.
Is it true that NASA is hiding the fact
that there is indeed life on Mars?
Well, NASA is terrified
that it's not.
That its budget will be cut even more than it is.
And recently, they even cut the budget
for giving away stickers that say NASA
and little bookmarks with the planet Saturn on them.
Even those have been cut.
Similarly, long-range robot probes,
which were NASA's bread and butter,
meat and drink, seem to be in danger
from the whirling Freddy Krueger-like knives
of the Bush administration budget acts.
But the Bush administration,
the Bush administration does want
the bold imperialistic exploration
and exploitation of the universe
by humans in spacesuits to go on,
though for all the wrong reasons.
So it shows nobody can be wrong 100% of the time.
Now let's consider our neighborhood planet Mars.
Steven Spiegelberger has just released
his new exciting version of War of the Worlds.
But do they come from Mars in the movie?
I'm told that they don't.
I'm told they don't because today's know-it-all teens
think they understand that there's no life on Mars.
I'd like to ask them, have they been there?
Can they tell for sure?
How do they know?
They think they know.
Their herd-following fellows may snicker
that there's no life on Mars.
That's probably what their study groups told them.
But in fact, there's a great deal about Mars
that we don't know.
Now, Percival Lowell looked at the surface of Mars
and saw the canals there.
And we say, hey,
we don't see canals.
Well, why don't we?
Because they're not there anymore.
The planet Mars changes.
And especially since the canals themselves
may be comprised of motile organisms.
There's ice on the planet Mercury, folks.
There's water on the moon.
There are all sorts of things
that we don't really understand or know about for sure.
One thing that there is on the planet Mars
is something called the giant glass wall.







It's a giant, transparent worm.
Has anybody here heard of it?
I have.
Reverend Stan has heard of it.
Magdalene has heard of it.
Father was heard of it.

No one knows what it is,
but it sure looks like an enormous, transparent worm
many miles long.
Don't forget about the face.
Well, that face, you know.
Who knows?
I'm willing to think that face just might...
It's just a fossilized plant.
If you go to the bathroom in the middle of the night
and you look at the towel hanging on the rack
in front of the toilet, you see a face that's in there.
It's because humans find a face that's in there.
A face in everything, a pattern recognition.
But that worm is more difficult to explain.
Okay, you're getting into the $3 range now.
All right, well, I'll stop here.
I'll stop here.
I'll stop here.
Pack, pack, pack, pack.
Building weapons of mass destruction.
American interference.
The U.S. is serving up rhetoric and not facts.
Better intelligence, better intelligence.
There are no facts right now to back up anything.
The administration says,
no one has made a case based upon fact
that Saddam Hussein or his government
is a threat to the United States worthy of war.
In God's presence
is peace and joy and power
walking and talking.
The watchers of the great holy space ones came.
Um, another space and time
with the infinite space in the divine right order of star.
Heaven, harmony, the reign of spirit,
bliss, the atmosphere of soul, man.
And here are the space angels telling me.
Sensuality.
Perhaps the most important lesson that I learned in Vietnam
is that you cannot confide a guerrilla war
with conventional forces.
It's our role as journalists to challenge the president.
It's a hard job.
I'm supposed to be funny.
He really doesn't have a clue.
If you really want to end tyranny in the world,
you have to be a journalist.
I can pronounce nuclear.
He tried to milk the horse.
What's worse, it was a male horse.
The Texas Chainsaw Massacre.
Thank you for all the good work that you and the press do.
For those who perceive truth
may strive to make others see.
I have therefore chosen this time and place
to discuss a topic on which ignorance too often abounds
and the truth too rarely perceived.
And that is the most important topic on earth, peace.
What kind of a peace do I mean and what kind of a peace do we seek?
Not a Pax Americana enforced on the world
by American weapons of war.
Not the peace of the grave or the security of the slave.
I am talking about genuine peace.
The kind of peace that makes life on earth worth living.
The kind that enables men and nations to grow and to hope
and build a better life for their children.
Not merely peace for Americans,
but peace for all men and women.
Not merely peace in our time,
but peace in all time.
I'm supposed to be funny.
He really doesn't have a clue.
Norrell Preff did that.
And now, a bit from the Puzzling Evidence Show
with Dr. Philo Drummond
and Bishop Joey from the Church of the Last Laugh.
Close the garage door, caller.
Oh, wait a minute.
I got one thing.
And it's for the children this time.
Remember.
Remember.
The last time.
All the children.
Leave no children
left behind.
This is for the odd, the steep, and the fugly.
This show is for the children.
But fugly,
you know who you are.
This entire control scheme is elegant and simple.
And despite the complexity of some of the situations,
changing between first person and third person modes is easy.
Head to the màj Holocaust Museum all the time,
and at the film festival inóc.org,

and the third is bullying a antimatter.
All but justice 설ero
It's not to operate in animal instinct Schulz,





Regreord
Genge
Go
Mr Keir
That was Dick's doppelganger.
I thought it was Dick Cheney.
The other guy's not Bush.
I can tell that.
Just from the evil little horns and the little pitchfork.
And the little red suit gave it away, too.
And the little tail teeth.
Well, God of War has been getting a lot of attention, and deservedly so.
Philo, Bishop Joey, and puzzling evidence.
And now, a lonesome Cowboy Dave and the Mondo Retardo Band at 8X Day Drill.
Give them all they've got.
Sold it out and left for devil's disgrace.
Philo, baby, it's gonna happen, sweetie.
Gonna turn your upside down, I'm certain.
Gonna cry.
Ooh.
Oh, I don't know what to do.
I'll do the rest, and we'll be fine.
I'll rest you.
And it was lonesome Cowboy Dave and the Mondo Retardo Band, live at 8X Day Drill.
And now, let's go to Berkeley, California.
Uh, for this intersection with the puzzling evidence show.
Dick Cheney owns the airway.
Dick Cheney owns the airway.
Dick Cheney owns the 3 to 5 AM slot.
Dr. Hal.
Does Dick Cheney own the 2001 that goes on in my mind all the time?
Dick Cheney owns the mind that goes on in your mind.
Dick Cheney owns U-Caller.
That's right.
Subjugate yourself.
Dick Cheney and Condoleezza Rice in 2008 will be the ticket.
That's my prediction.
That's right.
I'm betting the house on that.
I got funding recently from a Republican National Party to shoot Inside Dick Cheney.
And we're gonna do it like Inside John Malkovich.
Inside Dick Cheney.
And you just pop into his head.
That's what you should do for your video.
That's the one.
That's the video, yeah.
That's the documentary.
A three-minute treatment of Inside Dick Cheney.
You liberals love documentaries, and you love John Malkovich.
And just like the movie, Go Inside, yeah.
And you see Dick Cheney.
And Dick Cheney.
And these Jesus things.
Yeah, it got real boring.
You know, kind of like looking at his shoes at a meeting.
And then the Bush guys voice going, you know, you're looking down at the desk.
Just a shot of the desk.
Right.
Okay, now I have been actually to the real Dr. Howell show on a number of occasions.
It's true.
And in the audience, I was able to see that the questions come.
In general patterns.
And that they probably, after all these years, Dr. Howell could probably put most of the questions into several loose categories.
And this is one that I saw asked on several different occasions.
And I think I even asked it myself on one or two occasions.
It's hard to come up with new ones, but don't let that interfere with your pleasure in doing it.
So here it is.
Can God make a burrito so big even he can't eat it?
Yeah, father.
Can he, father?
Can he, father?
Can God make a rock so big he can't lift it, father?
Can God dig a ditch so deep he can't jump across it?
Yeah.
Can gobs make a frop stick so big he can't smoke it?
He'll fall over.
You hear in these questions, in the same variant of the same questions, the reedy voice of the village atheist.
Yeah.
Who is attempting to confound the divine miracle.
Can God dig a bugger so big he can't pick it?
Yeah.
But, of course, the faith-filled person knows that to God or Allah or whoever, all things are possible.
That is the concept there.
So, you know, you have to start asking at a certain point, would the almighty spirit create rules which he, she, or it would not obey?
And the answer is yes.
But that doesn't mean...
That doesn't mean that the rules couldn't be superseded.
According to some, this is the way miracles occur.
That is why it's foolish to look for evidence of miracles in our system of physics and existence because their miracles can't occur.
But if you are Shakespeare and writing Hamlet, you can make changes which Hamlet will have to obey.
Although Hamlet may not intuit the existence of...
Shakespeare.
So, to what would appear miraculous to the character, the author may change.
And then once he does make the change, the rest of it simply flows in the normal and ordained fashion.
And so if it were necessary to the divine purposes, by which I mean purposes larger than me, larger than you, larger than anything we know in this life.
If it were necessary, it would.


If it were necessary, it would be.
But it isn't likely, I must also add, that things created for a yokel's diversion will be that necessary.
Okay, thank you, thank you.
Thank you for that great answer.
Now I have another slight version on that same question.
Yes.
If God goes ahead and makes this burrito so big that he can't eat it, and yet he eats it anyway, can he still defecate it intact?
Well, that's even easier to answer than the last one.
But I know why you wrote that down.
You simply like to think of that unimaginably large turd.
But, I'll tell you folks, when we say God, what are we talking about?
I think largely we're talking about the Judeo-Christian deity, who William Blake called Nobodaddy, and who we in the Church of the Subgenius often refer to as Jehovah One.
If this being...
If this being...
Is to be identified with the God of the Old Testament, then that makes it incredibly easy to answer this question.
Because you may remember, in the book of Exodus, Moses, at the end of a long life, asked to receive a reward for his services to the Lord.
He wanted to see God.
But God told him, oh, oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, you can't do that.
Because my divine effulgence would blind me.
And I would be blind to you.
Wither you away into a little grease spot.
If you tried to look into the heart of light, into the divine presence, you would be withered.
As hapless Semele was when mighty Jupiter revealed himself to her.
But I'll tell you what I'm going to do, said God.
And I'm paraphrasing here.
It's in the book of Exodus.
You can see my butt as I pass by.
Oh, my God.
It's there.
It's in the Bible.
And so Moses was allowed to see God's buttocks as he passed.
He couldn't look at the front because it would have withered and blinded him with the glory of God.
Now we know that God made man in the image of God.
So, of course, if man has a butt, so does God.
Therefore, the heavenly burrito that you imagine would emerge from between these convexities,
as your imagination has doubtlessly imagined.
And so God has already treated you to a vision of...
This massive turd.
This unshittable turd.
Maybe we'll get a good question.
All right.
Next, next.
All right.
From PR News in Washington.
I'm trapped deep in the Pacific Ocean today after a security scare.
But the main question remains.
How long will PR News last?
Crude oil carried out an operation today in Haditha, Iraq.
Russian officials got caught on a fishing net and became stuck for many hours.
On Wall Street, 2.10.536.
British Prime Minister Tony Blair has announced a new package of anti-PR measures, much of
which is designed to keep out or deport those who incite PR News Washington.
We'll move on to the $1.03 question.
How much dental work did Bob need to achieve his perfect grin?
You know, this is a somewhat cynical question because it assumes that Bob has to strive
for his effects.
But Bob does not have to labor to produce his results.
The important thing to remember about Bob is by surfing the luck plane, he achieves
his results such as they are effortlessly.
That is in the nature of being a perfect subgenius and in following one's own genius without
demur.
If you can only have the faith in Bob to fall into Bob's open arms, then you will not need
any expensive demerit.
You will not need any dental work at all, providing, of course, that you don't need
any before you make that leap of faith in the dark.
Okay, there.
That's a good answer there.
And let me just tell you this.
To shock women into uncontrolled hysteria.
And let me finish.
Let me finish.
Let me finish.
Let me finish.
To strike terror into the hearts of men.
Let's join hands.
Over full with fantasies of terror.
And say to the world.
We are living in a world of terror.

Living in an artificially induced state of consciousness that resembles sleep.
Terrorists.
Terror.
And I believe this is an ideological movement.
Terrorism should be number one.
Not since the beginning of time has man known such terror.
No.
No.
Topple governments.
To strike terror into the hearts of men.
Yeah, it's tough.
Terrorists.
A lot of people say, well, you know, they don't know what they're doing.
I believe.
I believe that.
I believe that.
Terrorism and the force of the force.
The fight and the war on terror right up front all over again.
That's a huge mistake.
Things so evil, so fantastic, so degrading.
You wonder if it isn't all a dream.
A nightmare.
Always a pleasure.
Rap.
Rap.
Rap.
Ow.
No, we're not going to advocate violence of any kind.
We're against violence.
No, I know.
We don't believe violence ever solved anything.
You can always talk it out.
You need to PSA because you think you said something wrong.
spring an application, but theocolon with the
best possible early agencies.
But if we're wiped out they're solving problems.
We are.
You please stay here.
No, the.
See you later.
Byes.
Yeah, this was a safe trip.
We're out.
We're out.
Take your mask off.
Kinda.
from any radioactivity.
And if you'd like to know what that secret word is,
it could protect you.
Well, it's a whole bunch of words, because it takes big words and thick words.
You just stack them against each other, and they have to be at least 16 feet thick
to absorb all the radiation and the potential blast.
But the words are so good and so really long.
They're long words, and a lot of them are made up by Dr. Howe.
And you know how he is. He's a wordsmith.
He went into his word bucket and pulled out some really complicated words.
He took that one book called Tumors of the Eye.
It has a lot of coccus and soccalamoccus in it and stuff.
A bunch of dinosaurs nobody knows about.
Stacked them all together 16 feet thick.
And that's our word shell. We get behind it.
It protects us from any evil or any potential destruction by political forces, even unknown.
That's why Dr. Howe's not on the show.
Tonight we have him locked up in a secret place.
He's ginning out words right now.
Just bam, bam, bam, bam, word, word, word, word, word.
He's sitting down there.
He's got to come up with new words by the second.
The sirens are there to keep the traffic back,
because Dr. Howe, he's got to stand in the street to do this.
It's the only effective place to gin out the words as fast as he needs to do it,
and in rapid succession,
because they've got to be stacked in a way that's so precise,
that you can't even get a knife blade between them.
Nobody knows how they did it.
They had alien technology to stack words like that.
Those word stackers and packers, word packers,
they can pack words so tight and dense,
they can take words and use algorithms against them
to compress the words into even denser words,
so that they're so small you can't say them faster than...
If you were shaving these words, it'd be going...
You don't need to like it.
You don't need to like it.
You don't need to like it.
You don't need to like it.
You don't need to like it.
Now, here is one that we can all get behind,
timely answer for today,
our question.
What is in my hot dog?
I assume you mean the constituents of hot dog sausage in general?
That's probably what is meant.
You know, just last year,
there was a sad funeral
in the Pacific Ocean,
in the Pacific Northwest.
I forget whether it was in Washington or Oregon,
but they laid to rest little Oscar Meyer,
the famous midget pilot of the Wienermobile
that used to travel around.
Little Oscar, the world's smallest chef.
He died and was interred...
He was a weird looking dude.
He was a midget.
He was a trooper.
I met him once.
Yeah, well, he knew kids all over the country
and they knew him,
and they would pull out their little Oscar Meyer weenie whistles
and play the familiar four note music.
And he would play the musical signature,
which indicated that Oscar Meyer meats are dandy,
so always keep them handy.
Oscar Meyer meats are treats for any meal.
Now the question here is,
what's in my hot dog?
Well, of course, what's in the hot dog
tend to be the meats that one would expect,
but also ancillary meats, though.
The horn and hide, a little bit.
Probable insect and rodent parts,
a certain viable percentage.
The gristle, the mesentery,
the loose sheets that hold the organs into place,
and some flavor and shavings of the organs, too.
And by being compressed and cooked,
these ingredients intermingle on a molecular level
to produce the je ne sais quoi,
the ne plus ultra that you can only get
from biting into a delicious,
fully cooked pneumatic hot dog.
The thing to do is to eat it
without considering what is in it.
And never investigate sausage making
if you intend to go on sausage eating.
Were you familiar with the person
that created the caseless system?
The caseless sausage system?
Are you familiar with that?
No, I just wanted to know.
I'm sorry.
I shouldn't ask a question.
Well, there was the weenie king,
that guy retired in Florida,
who gave a large amount of his money away.
But they've been making sausages for years.
In the 18th century,
they used the actual intestines of the sheep
for the casing.
They still do that in Mexico, by the way.
Yeah, for chorizo.
Well, even here in some applications.
But today's large factory farms
and meat packing institutions
have found a way to produce it
synthetically and rapidly,
as the groaning stomach
of a growing nation demands.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you, Dr. Howe,
for that excellent answer.
Here's one.
One of our audience members wants to know,
the people of Atlantis versus the Amazons,
who would win?
Well, the people of Atlantis versus the Amazons.
The Amazons were locals.
They lived in Africa.
But the people from Atlantis were another diaspora.
They had to flee their home.
It blew up.
And the part that didn't blew up sank.
And they spread across the world.
And it was what is now the Middle East.
They were these Atlanteans
who fled once their wonderful capital city
of Poisedonis was destroyed
with its circular walls
and its roofs of orichalcum and so forth.
They became those people
who are known in the Bible as the Philistines.
We think of them as being bad.
Indeed, the name Philistine means to us,
a person who is uncultured, crude and crass,
who isn't with the information
and the social context that we have.
But this is entirely a parochial view.
The Philistines had a lot going for them.
And the Amazons, on the other hand,
were great warriors.
But that was about all that they were.
And so where are they now?
Where are all imperial empires of the past?
Simply dust.
Dust into dust.
And under dust to lie.
But on the other hand,
the weaselly, peaceful types
managed to survive.
Their generations keep turning over.
And perhaps the rat will stand
on the top of the heap
of all of human hopes
once these are exhausted.
There's a value,
a positive value,
in being adaptable and none too proud.
One should not sacrifice beauty
for a militaristic spirit.
It's said that the Amazons did do this.
Their queen, Hippolyta, set the style
by having one breast removed.
This enabled her to draw the bowstring
and shoot the notched arrow better,
according to some tradition.
The word Amazon, when parsed in Greek,
means without one breast.
But how much of this nonsense
are we expected to believe?
Excellent, excellent.
I think that will certainly clear up
the ambiguity around that topic.
And your complexion, too.
From PR News in Washington,
I'm subjected to inhuman treatment.
The big computer maker Hewlett-Packard
said today that it plans to strike near the border
in an effort to stay competitive
in the computer and printer markets.
The big commission charged with closing
and reorganizing the nation's PRs voted today
to add PR News to its closure list.
In stocks today,
the 71, 10, 6, 6, 28, 21, 73.
The big British government announced today
that it will try three of its soldiers
on war crimes charges
for allegedly abusing PR News Washington.
Well, let's keep winding our way
through this stash.
Okay, we'll keep a brisk pace
through this stash here of questions.
Is there anything I should be paying attention to?
Yes, you should be paying attention
to the beating of your own heart,
especially in the still small hours of the night.
Who knows, perhaps it might just stop.
It's just a piece of muscular tissue, after all.
What if the whole thing gives way?
What if your physical organism should collapse
and fail to sustain you from nanosecond to nanosecond?
Where would you be?
Would you be able to say
that you have led a slackful existence,
that you've done all you can,
done all you could for Bob
and the Church of the Subgenius,
and done all you can to bring others
into a realization that there is such a thing as slack,
that the ambitions that are held up before you every day,
dangled like a confusing charm,
are only so many kickshaws
in the ultimate scales of reality?
You should pay attention to the fact
that you have only so many breaths
left in your life
to take,
and so many jolts or pulsations of pleasure
which you may legitimately be expected to feel.
Don't let these flow and stream away,
but pay attention to them,
consolidate them,
and take advantage of them
while it is still possible.
For the love of J.R. Bob Jobs
and his flaming Church of the Subgenius.
Thank you.
As Jeroen van Bram
said,
you have to shout
and make a lot of noise
or whatever,
because when you're dead,
you shut up like hell.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
He said that in sort of Dutch accent.
Well, that's appropriate.
Yeah, it's, you know, this is all show.
All of this is rehearsed, scripted,
completely planned out in advance.
So, even though it's a show,
it sounds like live radio.
We want you to know that this is all simulated.
So don't become emotionally involved.
Don't become psychically connected to us
beyond that which you would give to any ordinary show.
Much like your favorite sitcom.
Should you choose to watch sitcoms, that is.
Much like your own future technology
and our new sidestep
or cross-plant technology.
Ludov tonight.
It stimulates your mind.
If I was watching some sort of Ludov tonight
with all the Lunding bombings or whatever.
Lunding?
Yeah.
Lunding, yeah.
Lunding bombings?
Lunding bombings.
I would know that, you know,
subgenius kids or subgenius,
subgenius with the Bobbies, all them,
they have nothing to do with all this nonsense going on lately.
You know, it's just.
Yeah, that's one thing about,
subgenius terrorist squads don't use
types of weapon technology.
We'd rather slack and, you know, enjoy.
Fruit and vegetables.
We would enjoy, we would enjoy frop and just hang out.
Right, but we would also, if we were gonna have a,
like a slack squad that was gonna go out and do,
you know, special things.
Say it on the radio.
Terrorist activities.
Those activities would have to involve, you know,
involve fruit and vegetables.
Oh yeah.
And food, things you could eat.
Lots of graffiti and lots of.
Because when it's all over with,
our terrorist activities should include a big potluck dinner,
you know, for everybody just to kind of gather around to gather.
When we can exchange those loving glances and special secrets.
So is this the beginning of the,
is this the beginning of the new show or is this the?
Well,
this is,
this is one of the new shows because as you may know,
the show has to be different now.
It has to be different.
We actually have to do something that's gonna make us cut.
Make us get through.
Make us,
make us,
make us,
make us.
President Bush skipping.
He's gonna go down, bend over and grab the ankles.
Once again,
bend over,
whack, whack, bend over,
whack, bend over,
whack, whack, whack,
uh, uh, uh, whack.
It is just, it's, it's the Republican Party of,
shut up!
The Republican Party of,
shut up!
The Republican Party lost its way.
Double, double, straight.
It's like P,
P, P,
ah,
P, P,
ah,
just shut up!
It is just, it's, it's absolutely absurd.
Come out, whack, whack, whack, whack, whack,
those,
shut up!
It's absolutely absurd.
Really irritating.
I'm tired, I'm tired, I'm tired, I'm tired.
The President,
crap,
a liar,
rap, rap, rap.
He misled the American people,
rap, rap.
He concocted a war for political gain.
Republicans are evil, brain dead, corrupt.
Republicans are evil, brain dead, corrupt.
Bomb them,
slash, slash, slash, slash.
Bomb them,
slash, slash, slash, slash.
I'm tired of these corrupt, brain dead, evil Republicans.
I'm really irritating.
Okay, speaking of intestinal walls, this may lead us into this next question.
Why is, are, why is, I'm gonna editorialize, why are feces brown?
Well, if you're a painter, if you've ever worked with paints or colors, you might know that, think of it this way.
In nature, in the divine,

in the divine world that has nothing to do with humans, all the rays of light being put together produce white light, produce brightness and glory.
But when humans make their colors and mix them together, they get muddier and muddier and darker and darker.
And before it gets to be pitch tar black, the last thing you have is brown, the ugliest color on the color wheel.
Why is feces brown?

Or why are feces brown?
Because all has been leached out of them except the presence of bacteria.
Feces is like solid bacteria, a lot of it.
So, this is only what one would expect.
But, often, as you examine your leavings, you may find that they do fluctuate and vary in color.
And there's no stigma to be attached to this.
Aristotle, Aristotle, Aristotle, Aristotle, Aristotle, made a famous point, he made a great point in his book.

examined his own poop, and so should you from time to time,
simply as a measure of guarding one's precious health
and indulging in the pleasures of hypochondria and a morbid imagination,
which all sensitive people have.
I find that the examining of one's poop is something difficult to get enough of.
Yes, well, you can take that too far
and get into examining the privacy of others.
Well, if it takes more than an hour,
you should not take more than an hour examining your fecal discharge.
Too much is always better than not enough, Dr. Howell.
I thought too much is always better than not enough.
Isn't Bowman supposed to follow Bob's rule exactly to the letter?
Well, you have to be getting something.
There is too much of the wrong thing to be considered
and too much looking in the wrong direction,
casting your line in the...
Stream where there are no fish.
No, what you want are too many results.
Those are never enough,
but too much searching is simply a sad seepage.
What about too many missed opportunities?
Well, missed opportunities, missed connections,
wrong way, subway tokens, what have you.
The important thing is to get connected on some level.
Too many tickets past their due date.
Should I close...
I hate to throw them out.
...the cover before striking is a question
that's on a lot of people's minds tonight.
Well, that's what it says, so why do you suppose they say that?
They don't want you to light your whole box of matches at once,
but you might get something out of doing that, you see.
So I'm not going to circumscribe your pleasure.
I should say that if you want to live dangerously,
strike your matches with the cover open.
It's easier when you get...
the cover out of the way.
The flap can get in the way of striking a match.
Okay. Very important.
From PR News in Washington, I'm concerned about money.
Tony Blair went back to sleep.
New York Congressman Charles Rangel says he had hoped
the unions would not go their own way because, he says,
it means no solid PR news in Washington.
Which is preferable, tilted luck plane or level?
Well, if the luck plane is good,
if the luck plane is level,
then you have to achieve your own speed by surfing it,
skidding around in it, and this is fatiguing.
It can be done, and there are vigorous people who can do it
and prefer it that way, but consider that for so many years,
with no motive power but the wind, we managed to sail the seven seas.
This wind power is universally available.
So if the luck plane is good, then you have to achieve your own speed.

If the luck plane is tilted, you should use that as your motive power
to help give you a start so that as you slip, slide,
and vol plane over the luck plane,
you are less fatigued and able to enjoy it more.
And much like that game of Labyrinth,
if you can suddenly find yourself in the place where the luck plane is tilting toward,
then it should have a corresponding amount of overabundance of luck.
heading your way.
A facile optimism, but what of it?
Too much luck is better than not enough luck, Dr. Howe.
Indians got screwed.
Duh.
It's really their country.
Duh.
White Europeans.
Duh.
Brought to this country syphilis and other disease.
Duh.
Sexism, racism, and homophobia.
I'm sorry.
And if it weren't for all of that, this would really be a great country.
White Europeans would just stay where they were.
Not here.
Understand the threat.
Oh, no.
Look at this.
To Western civilization.
Not just America.
Western civilization posed by Western civilization.
You lose your rights.
The real threat to America is America.
Your game.
Old game.
Old, old, old, old.
I wanna marry the goat.
Old.
And start to scream and yell.
Old.
All day long.
Old, old.
Lush.
B.S.
Toilet game.
Insanity.
B.S.
Fascism.
So, fascism here.
B.S.
Kill all Americans.
I'm.
No.
Oh.
No.
Fascism here.
Oh.
Oh.
This is.
Fascism here.
Fascist.
I'd like to.
Kill all Americans.
Walmart.
Tuberculosis.
Walmart.
Bang.
Syphilis.
Hurt.
Me.
Jack.
Me.
Leprosy.
Me.
Biological weapons.
Morons.
Whip me.
Up.
I love you.
Okay.
I got a feeling.
I got a feeling.
Down.
Making it very hard.
Bang.
Dum.
Dum.
Dum.
That doesn't bother you.
No, it does not in the way.
Bang.
If I caught you.
I'd hold you too.
I'd hold.
I'd.
I'd.
I'd hold you too.
And bombs are going off.
Going off.
Going off.
I'd hold.
I'd hold you.
Zombies.
Fascism here.
Zombies.
Fascism here.
Zombies.
Fascism here.
When the government starts to tell everybody dissent, couldn't care less.
Why are some of my molars called wisdom teeth?
Well, they call them that because becoming an adult is considered to be synonymous with
getting wisdom.
It's simply metaphorical, as all language is metaphorical.
But, of course, if only wisdom did come with the getting of wisdom teeth.
Those three root molars.
Of course, as you know, there are 32 teeth that grind or chop.
Sixteen on the bottom.
Sixteen on the top.
And the molars, which come behind the premolars, have three roots and are wedged into the jaw
deeply.
Dentists really have to exert to yank them out.
These are the wisdom teeth.
And getting them was once thought.
To coincide with the getting of wisdom.
Today, the adult aspires to be a teenager.
To go back a little ways.
To an earlier stage.
But in times past, those who were not fully grown wished to receive their full growth.
Now, I've always been somewhat childish myself.
Of a childish nature.
And therefore, I've always wanted to be an adult.
This is what babies do.
They want to be big.
But adults do not have this desire.
Instead, they wish to be teenagers all their lives.
And so, through a surfeit of childishness, my attempt to be an adult shall probably last me the rest of my adult life.
Having gotten and even lost some of my wisdom teeth.
Well, the pink boys are all around you right now.
Out there.
Most of them are still asleep.
But they're going to be waking up very shortly.
And going about their daily business.
With the mediocratins and the technocrats.
And all the various bureaucrats in public places.
And private othercrats.
All just wandering around aimlessly.
Singing those songs.
Singing this song.
And you're going to call them back.
I'm going to go to the ranch and call them.
What?
Cop like a teacher.
Doesn't count for just a man.
Up in the North.
And boy, we'll let your face glow.
I'm the egg man.
I'm the egg man.
I'm the Wallace.
Do boop a doo.
Mr. Steady placement.
Steady.
Steady.
Little placement in the right.
Day out of my life.
Day still starts.
Day out of my life.
I'm crying.
I'm crying.
I'm crying.
I'm crying.
Why does the universe create life?
As if the universe is in the life creating business.
The universe creates life as a byproduct.
The purposes of the universe are not to create life.
We think of that.
We are living things.
So we think that it's all for our benefit.
Well, it has squirted us out as a byproduct.
But the universe is in the midst of all sorts of grinding and polishing operations.
And a little bit of free energy squirted in our energy.
The earth generation is all we fungus-like have needed to fuel our ambitions.
It's quite true that there is a part of matter that would like to be alive.
That would like to be organized.
Even in the inorganic we see certain types of high organization.
In, for example, crystalline formations and structures.
You see how there is an organization inherent in matter.
But it'll only go so far.
It's fueled by energy which is coming from elsewhere.
In the busy try works and rendering factories operating throughout the universe.
They are doing their job.
And we exist on the leavings and gleanings.
It is unfortunately so.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thank you for that excellent, excellent answer.
Don't mention it.
Okay.
I'll take a question.


If this is one that I think the answer is already given in the question.
Often that is.
The question often contains the answer.
You simply have to dissect it out a little bit.
Well, what is the question?
If a chicken and a half can lay an egg and a half in a day and a half,
how many Denny's Grand Slam breakfasts can a chicken and a half excrete?
Well, that would be one and a half.
The half is what's constant here.
And it's odd that in what often stands for an average actually contains an unworkable fraction.
It was at one time said actuarially that the average American had one and a half children.
How can you have half a child?
And yet this represents an average.
One never sees an average.
Because an average is only an abstraction.
And to try to be like an average is of course a species of madness which no subgenius participates in.
I seem to remember...
So can I ask your opinion of measures of central tendency in general?
Let's see.
Being average in life's every action gave a fellow named Norm satisfaction.
Till his average wife wrecked his average life
by refusing to bear him a fraction.
Is there any other measures of central tendency that you have prejudice against?
There you go.
You think that I'm prejudiced when I'm only attempting to answer in the most free and uncumbered measure possible.
Suspicious minds will always find what they look for.
These occurrences are pure figments of imagination.
Any abnormal sound?
Normal.
Happily, delightfully, comfortably normal.
These normals who made normality the norm.
Normal.
Normal.
Happily, delightfully, comfortably normal.
The conspiracy made him want to be normal.
Mind over matter.
Have you ever had any psychiatric help?
I think you've developed some kind of obsession here. I think you need some help.
Incredible. Absolutely incredible.
Hey, why do you want to be normal?
You know?
It's more fun not to be.
Absolutely incredible.
Bravo! Bravo!
Make more noise!
Let's hear it!
Come on, let's hear it!
Bravo!
Aaaaah!
Aaaah!
Aaaaah!
Aaaaah!
Incredible. Absolutely incredible.
Mind over matter.
The conspiracy made you want to be normal.
Normal.
Normal.
Normal.
Happily, delightfully, constantly normal.
These occurrences are pure figments of imagination.
It's not normal.
Make more noise.
Let's hear it.
Come on, let's hear it.
La la.
La la.
La la.
La la.
La la.
La la.
La la.
La la.
La la.














That was OBE.
Out of band experience from Bill T. Miller.
And you can just scoop up mountains of albums of King of Slack, Bill T. Miller, at BillTMiller.com.
Now, Catholic Christianity.
Christians eat the host as a sacrament.
Is there any way to take a physical piece of Bob into your body?
And is nuclear war inevitable?
Well, Ivan, do you want to tell them about the subgenius transubstantiation?
There are children here, aren't there?
I don't know if that's a...
Well, you know, we're talking about taking a little bit of Bob into the mouth and the digestive system.
You know, the Catholics do believe that in the transubstantiation,
the transubstantiated process, the wine and the wafer actually transform into the actual flesh and blood of Jesus Christ.
Now, what parallel is there in the church of the subgenius for this?
He sold it, I smoked it, that settles it.
There you have it.
He ate the ashes out of Bob's pipe.
Well, we produce ashes for Bob's pipe.
Let's put it that way.
We are the...
We're what?
We're the unsmoked...
We're what he smokes.
The doctor.
The doctor.
The doctor that rains on the roofs like fire.
See, even in the glory of our incineration and our fiery destruction,
we redound to the credit of Dobbs,
a pillar of fire by night and a pillar of smoke by day,
ascending upward always from the bowl of Bob's pipe.
For man is born unto trouble as the sparks fly upward.
And only in...
And only in the embrace of one's subgenius nature can one get off this destructive cycle
and on to the supporting wheel, the great wheel of the saucer, which will whirl down
to seize us all up into the rupture.
Any minute now.
Well, I think you're a little premature.
It won't be quite...
Is that right this second?
Yeah, I mean, we're still...
Now, what about the second?
We don't know.
That's Bob's message from all previous...
But what about the second part of the question?
We don't know.
We never know when the master is coming.
We don't know.
We don't know.

Yes, a certain nuclear war is inevitable.
That's the second part of the question.
As long as we're building those bombs, we're gonna have to use them sometime.
We just can't let them be unusable.
Okay.
Blood.
Blood.
B-L-O-O-D.
Call it...
Call it money.
I'll expose money.
Money.
Makes us want.
Like slaves, I'm going to expose it.
It makes you selfish.
It makes you lie.
It makes you cheat.
Gentlemen stink.
How about a little stunt?
Hey, golden boy.
How do you sell money?
B-L-O-O-D.
One S or two S's.
A shopping bag?
This stands for everything that is greed and sudden death.
And now this one answers.
Didn't know what hit him.
Unbeliever?
That will cost you double.
You cheated me with the truth.
People are always getting murdered.
Come in.
To dig into the foul backwash that sends a smell over this moldy metropolis.
I hate you.
I'll reach down my little ass and see if I can't pull you out.
Zombie.
You look like a zombie.
Police don't have ideas.
They have imagination.
This is your joy boy.
Who are we?
What are we doing here?
Start thinking.
I don't get it.
It's boring.
I'm a big man.
Dr. Blood.
You're so masculine.
Come on.
I could use company.
Now you're talking like my boy.
He'll tell you you're wacky.
Business is usual.
My mama done told me if you keep them warm, they'll perform.
Oh well, that's life.
Not my fault really.
My mother wanted a boy.
My father wanted a girl.
My uncle wanted an electric train.
My aunt wanted...
She was a pacifist.
She wanted peace.
I'll be down later, guy.
Pretty big load for a young fella to carry.
Where are you going?
Where I belong.
Nor El Pref.
And now, Lonesome Cowboy Dave and the Mondo Retardo Band.
Live at 8X Day.
This America in action.
USA at its best.
Kill them all and they have God.
So now, that's the devil to the west.
It's bound to be your grave.
It's bound to be your grave.
It's bound to be your grave.
It's bound to be your grave.
Friends, that was Lonesome Cowboy Dave and the Mondo Retardo Band.

And you're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack number 1008.
And if you need more information, check out www.subgenius.com.
Or you can write for information from Subgenius at P.O.
Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44117.

And you're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack number 1008.
Share.
On Monday, we get more Tuesday.
Wednesday, making its way into Thursday.
Finally, moving on down towards Friday.
Right into the early part of next week.
Notice that we've got a slightly more concentrated area of southeast as that northwest begins to lift a little farther northward across the southeast.
Right back into the southwest here in the Midwest and the Northeast.
Share.
And you're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack number 1008.
