Eve, it's always the same.
There's no stopping what can't be stopped.
No killing what can't be killed.
We want love! We want love!
Let me out!
If you want it, here it is. Come and get it.
You are about to experience a full-length subgenius show the way it was meant to be heard.
In full-frequency modulation stereophonic broadcast sound.
So relax.
Three beats per measure.
Sit back.
Exercise one.
And enjoy our feature presentation.
This is the story about the brave men and women in the Church of the Subgenius
and all the things they did to get themselves evicted from the Hall of Shame and Narcolepsy on Fantasy Island.
But when you get...
right down to it, good triumphs over evil.
And the forces of light trample into bloody pulp with sickly powers of darkness.
So remember, as we wander through this charnel house, this abattoir we call life,
that even though the future promises nothing,
destruction looms ahead.
And the end of all joys, old age robs us of everything worth having.
There are some nice things in life, like a shaft of sunlight drifting down...
down...
Down the...
barn.
A
و
structures.

These.
Ores.
..are in...
Well, I guess you bloodsuckers enjoy your impulse, eh?
You're loyal to the gore.
Well, that's good.
We don't want to be decked with wood in our fraternity of fright fans.
Is that just right?
Run!
Vincent, I feel the power of evil coursing through my veins,
spinning every corner of my being with the desire to do wrong.
I feel so bad.
That's good. Good.
Yes, it is good.
You are about to experience a totally new dimension in sound.
No lesser work than the overthrowing of creation itself.
We will remake man in our image, not his.
Run!
It's just like a...
Run!
Front, back, above, below, all around you when you wear headphones.
So, put on your headphones.
You should be hearing me in your right ear.
If not, reverse your headphones.
You should now be hearing me in your left ear.
So now, sit back and enjoy a new dimension in sound.
It is. Come on, don't confuse people with anxiety.
They're gonna be listening on the radio and probably two people crashed right now as you said that,
thinking, I'm late, I'm late.
Crash.
We talked about doing it. We talked about this show for so long.
We thought so.
Yeah, just maybe we could make a chance, you know.
We'll leap up and...
Are we done?
Radio.
EU Radio.

TDM.
Ooh, yeah.
An old religion, out of date, harmless, tired religion, just lingering along with its dim, hazy, almost forgotten gods.
A perfect setup for the warlords to move in on.
They made it a place where the people had to listen.
Sell the people ancient nightmares.
Sell the people ancient hatred.
Play up the bloody fairy tales and pagan superstitions.
Bring back the mumbo jumbo.
Bring back the mumbo jumbo.
Bring back the mumbo jumbo.
There is a simple answer, dear friend.
A glowing beacon of slack amidst the turmoil and darkness.
It's J.R. Bob Dobbs, the living slack master in his church of the subjeets.
All one sacred family created to rule the whole world.
Created to rule the whole world.
Make him bow.
Make him say it.
Make her bow.
Make her say it.
Make them bow.
Make them say it.
Everybody bow.
Everybody say it.
Created to rule the whole world.
When they've bowed enough, when they've said it enough,
when they've heard it enough,
they'll begin to believe it.
Tell it to the school kids.
Tell it to the bank clerks.
Tell it to the farmers.
Then start to drill the school kids.
Drill the bank clerks.
Drill the farmers.
Warriors of today, they will be the gods of tomorrow.
I am thy captain.
The flight thou art making today is the same which Abraham, Moses, John, Peter, Paul, and all of us redeemed before thee have made.
Enoch and Elijah joined us in mid-flight without passing through the gate of death.
We shall be flying today at altitudes unlimited.
And at a speed never known to thee before.
Flying time to the New Jerusalem is not considered for thou art now in the realm known as eternity.
Where time is no more.
As we left the earth, the weather was stormy with heavy overcast.
But the report from the New Jerusalem is, as it always will be, a beautiful day without a cloud.
Directly in front of us now, there's a dazzling light.
It must be brighter than the sun.
And it certainly is stirring up some excitement here in the cabin of the plane.
The passengers recognize it as their destination as we get closer.
Where I'll never roam.
I see the light of the sun.
And the city is so bright.
My home sweet home.
Well done, good and faithful servants.
Thou hast been faithful over a few things.
I will make thee ruler over many things.
Enter thou into the subterraneous hour of slack.
To know and to act is one in the same.
The studio, the rule, formula for fame.
Be a winner, self-motivate, read a fashion magazine.
The more you sell, the more for you.
Be a goal achieving machine.
To know and act is one in the same.
If you know what's right, do it.
Take control of your customer.
Let her feel your individuality.
Your good taste, you geek.
There's no reason for her to shop department stores and see the same old.
We ain't McDonald's.
We're special.
Your customer special.
And booze.
Any piece can be done anyway.
Imagine.
Once you're juiced and rolling, the next sale is so easy.
Energy.
When you're fluid.
Customers feel you've just been to the register.
And they want you too.
Winner.
Lynn welcomes you to spray on some eau de success.
Behind both ears and anywhere else that makes you feel good.
Ooh.
Coordinate the ensemble.
Tie pieces together.
Accessorize.
Mesmerize.
Physicalize.
Accessorize.
Mesmerize.
Physicalize.
There are no limits.
And don't forget follow up phone calls.
Build up clientele.
Make our total experience so special.
We'll come back for more.
More.
The more they spend.
The more they thank you.
You're welcome.
Let this be their fashion clinic.
Dig in.
All for one.
One for all.
The big money to sell is your given.
Make the magic happen.
Do it.
I'm a winner.
Be a winner.
I know my goals.
I am intelligently aggressive.
I sell from my total knowledge of merchandise.
Using appropriate adjectives.
I act with an always positive mindset.
The more I sell.
The more I'll have.

More.
The more I sell.
The more I'll have.
More.
The more I sell.
The more I'll have .
More.
The more I'll have.
More.
Get it?
Boobs out...
Get it?
Raster eyes...
Wait.
Bring up...
Every time he Gardens the

I can go soup.
the thing that makes us really different is how we think what we believe is important
the ways we look at life
we do not just imagine that most people we have to live with or against us
how we think what we believe is important the ways we look at life
real conscious hierarchies which have their real unconscious extensions and their traits by the thousands
the man who nothing can control
they are the man who can be considered the man who has the你看
the human being




we do not just imagine it
we have to live with



live with or against us.
I mean, we live with people
who sold us for things.
The thing that makes us really different is
how we think.
What we believe
is important. The ways we
look at life.
And thank you
for that. To the Tate
Beatles. Everything they do is
legal here tonight is
public domain.
Do you think it's an accident? And do you think it's an accident
that you tuned in tonight?
You won't know that for a while to come.
I'm your host
tonight. The Will of Dobbs.
There should be another host here next
week. And last
week when I was here,
I played
a bit
from the Crosley Bendix
series
that we received
on CD from
Negative Land.
Last week, the
subject, I believe,
was technology.
And this week,
why the subject
will be electricity.
But before we got into
Mr. Bendix's review
tonight,
three people called last week, which for this
show is considerable, wondering
what that was all about.
And there is a biography of
Mr. Bendix on the CD.
But the problem is it's actually
on the CD, so I can't really
read it without
holding the CD in my hand.
Once done, it
explains that Crosley Bendix
was born in Canberra, Austria
in 1940.
His father was chief speechwriter for the U.S.
Embassy's Cultural Attaché in Sydney.
His mother was the former toy
Celica of the coastal New Brunswick
Celicas.
And Mr. Bendix attended
school in Sydney, then returned to the United
States with his father, who fled Austria
under threat of copyright litigation.
In the U.S., Mr. Bendix attended the Andover
Underschool of Arts and Handiwork,
took his degree in social aesthetics from
Montana State College and his Master
of Bachelors from the Marriage Institute of America.
Mr. Bendix first ventured into radio in 1976
when, while lodging a complaint at a radio
station, the person on the air fell over dead
right in front of him.
It was love at first emergency.
Since then, Mr. Bendix has established himself
as America's best loved, no task too big,
social critic of the air.
Mr. Bendix now broadcasts regularly for the
Universal Media Net web, where he is director
of stylistic premonitions.
Unmarried, he lives in Berkeley, California
with The Memories, a group of women who are very popular with their
improvising recollections.
And now, if I may,
Crosley Bendix, the radio reviews, courtesy of Negative Land,
and tonight's subject, again, CD player willing,
is electricity.
Stay tuned and thank you for choosing to listen tonight
to The Church of the Subgenius and its
Hour of Slack!
Praise Baha'u'llah
And now, Crosley Bendix, cultural reviewer and director of stylistic premonitions
for the Universal Media Net web, with today's Know Your Art if
you want to learn something like this.

Good hello.
My discussion tonight does not concern any endeavor so trivial to the welfare of humankind
as the arts.
After all, the creation of perceptual titillations and imaginary diversions for the leisure time
consumption of our luxury conscious citizens can hardly compare in actual significance
to the kind of relentlessly important human invention which has propelled the sciences
to the very top of our societal bell jar.
This culture, any culture, does not run on art or the mental one-upsmanship and casual
talk.
The calculated pretensions of controversy which characterize the arts today, no, it
runs on two things, oil and electricity.
Now the sticky subject of oil and those slippery international manipulations which exist entirely
outside any governmental ability to regulate must remain the crude subject of another power
discussion.
Tonight, it is electrical.
Electricity which sparks the relatively short circuits of my brain.
But I'll return to my brain in a moment.
Let me set it right here for now.
Have you ever begun to realize how electric living, unique to this century, affects our
knowledge and habits of thought, movement and perception, producing patterns of response
and behavior in our nature?
Have you ever seen a picture of a man in a wheelchair, which has already begun to separate
us in critical ways from the whole of pre-electric human history?
Well, I hope not, because that's a lot of silly technopop thinking with about as much
real juice in it as the 17-volt battery they uncovered in King Tut's tomb.
No, don't be swayed by any modern compulsion to feel thoroughly modern.
What Shakespeare knew is still true.
Quote, thy proud filament puts nodding bodkins to yawn while yet our bowling brains be blessed
to see or not to be.
And wasn't it Raymond Chandler who was so fond of shooting the lights out?
Well, the cost of one fictional bullet circa 1949 would buy an entire century of electricity.



The cost of a light is one hour and twelve minutes of precious light for one of today's
underpaid garment workers who must painstakingly embroider bolts of lightning on the backs
of satin jackets in a dark basement sweatshop somewhere on Taiwan.
But is it art?
No, not by any stretch of the definition, not when these jackets can be purchased in
any dim tourist trap in our city of light for a few bucks.


And what about import laws versus the need to conserve some of that electric blue mountain
water that's getting all dirty as it is forced through the oily conduits of a major hydroelectric
plant?
What am I getting at here, if not the inevitable linkup between electricity and our whole society,
whether big or small?
Do politics and electricians really have the right to do that?
Well, between the finality of the electric chair and the finality of the nuclear button
lie thirty million computers and a twelve day wait when they're down.
Is it a reprieve for us, for them, for all of us, or none of us?
The printout on that must wait, because we must now return to my brain, or this exact
replica of my brain sitting waist deep in this alcohol bath beside me.
Now take a look here.
These thousands of hairlines around my nebula here, highlighted in shocking pink, indicate
the prominent neural paths that my most frequent thoughts take on most occasions as they attempt
to make sense to me.
You're aware, of course, that thoughts themselves are electric.
They are very tiny, very weak electrical.

The軽渦 varieties, and whatever you use toMr.
Mitterrand him, and there is a little expression of the
great science.
Dr. Simon was familiar with that.
It was evident from a last minute spot in his mother's eyep Movie.

I'm going to insert these electrodes into this silly putty model of my brain
in order to show the effects of electricity on silly putty.
Here, we'll just put one in the left frontal cortex here
and one in the base of the pituitary cavity there.
And I'll put one right down here in the middle between the two hemispheres like that.
Now, switch on.
And now, over 40,000 volts of AC pulses are churning through this glow-in-the-dark model brain.
Dark model brain.
Now, notice the vibrations.
The expansion of the three lobes here.
You'll see.
And now, just wait a moment.
Wait a moment.
As the mysterious forces of subatomic pulsations take effect.
The vibration's increasing now.
The silly putty now reacting a bit like the special effects in altered states.
Now, we see the viscous fluids seeping from the silly putty.
This fluid, of course, a typical byproduct of a petroleum product such as silly putty.
But the
The brain now violently quivering in its steaming alcohol bath.
Literally jumping and bouncing under the relentless forces of electricity.
And now, it's alive.
It's alive!
It's alive!
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.

Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.




You've been listening to cultural reviewer and social critic, Crosley Bendix.
The bird stretches an accusing finger at the sky and wants to invade.
And this time, the secondary backup system dropped to the right side on the inboard wing of the rocket-award aircraft.
Important subgenius system. We all watch these over and over again in a kind of narcissistic Valhalla.
Amen to that, brother. Amen to that. I couldn't have said it better had I been standing on the deck of the fabulous subgenius aircraft during that unfortunate explosion.
Well, here I'll say it better because the explosion...
Unfortunately, wiped out Reverend Hale for just a moment or two. The reception was very poor. We couldn't really do much about it.
As you can see on the video picture right now, it's completely... And then suddenly he's back.
Yes, the reception was terrible. We had to stand and shake hands with everybody in line for hours.
I'm plugging in, tuning on, and turning off the microphone level.
Okay, let's start from silence.
Let's start from scratch here.
Go quiet. Everybody quiet. Ready?
Ouch!
Don't scratch me again like that or you'll have something to...
Because from silence...
Silence is what all sound comes from, okay? I saw that at a Mahavishnu concert.
Yeah, that's what sound comes from.
Okay, so let's start with silence.
All right, all right, cool.
Okay, quiet.
All right.
Quiet.
Go ahead.
No, quiet.
No, really.
No, I'm sorry.
No, really. Honest. Okay.
No, I'm serious now, okay?
Okay, quiet. Okay.
Shh.
Because from silence...
Hey, what?
...is what silence comes from, so let's...
Hey, come on. Everybody be quiet, okay? We're trying to be quiet.
Okay.
Come on.
My God, the...
Where are Brooke?
Everybody's...
Maybe.
What's going on?
Maybe.
Nobody's down here walking around the building.
Maybe.
Nobody in any of the offices.
Let them robots out of control.
Maybe.
They keep cutting.
Maybe.
Maybe.
Maybe.
If any of the listeners could...
I can't hear you.
I can't hear you.
Stand by, please.
Stand by.
What happened to that car?
Stand by, please.
Stand by.
Stand by, please.
Get off the line, please.
...the point of the carpet.
They're nice.
Prepare elimination dump. Process number C5G3-1.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
There's something in the woods.
Fingers and toes are in the woods.
Fingers and toes are in the woods.
Say, aren't we having loads of fun?
There's something in the woods.
Toes.
Dream.
Grain.
.
I am the heaven.
I am the water.
I'm the dirt under your old tent
I'm your secret spout
And the lost metal gold
Metal gold
I am the cloud
I am the cloud

I am the cloud
I'm the car of the hearth
And the facemask
I'm the gold of your home
I'm the gold of your home
I've been here
But who is to find so far?
I've been here
But who is to find so far?
I've been here
But who is to find so far?
Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob
System System System in your audio
And so I plunged in with all of my notes
beautifully arranged
and off I went on these tirades
Exactly
Approaching 1 o'clock central standard time
which is about 35 minutes ago
After being shot at
After being shot
By an unknown assailant
By an unknown assailant
During a motorcade drive through downtown
downtown Dallas
downtown Dallas
Yeah well
I may not know who all was
in on killing JFK but
I know who blew Jimmy Hoffa away
Hoffa
It was Rose Kenny
Rose Kenny
Just to be sure
There was no reason why the United States
was so easily separated by so many thousands of miles
of land and water
Both rich countries both with very energetic people
should not be able to live in heat
Exactly
The combination of these two systems in conflict
around the world in a nuclear age
is what makes the city
Why do we have to be afraid of dying?
Are we really going to die?
Is there really going to be a nuclear war?
And why do we have to be afraid of dying?
Why do we have to think about this?
This is too big for us
I remember the absolutely stunning hush
I remember the sense of wanting to stay indoors
Of being actually afraid to walk outside
Not because something was going to fall from the sky
in this particular moment
But because the sense of crisis was so intense
And our unpreparedness for it
And our sense of being afflicted with it
Was so strong that we couldn't even think about it
It was so intense that you did not want to walk alone out under that sky
The gigantic task of moving some 8 million people
in time of emergency to achieve dispersal
which will reduce the percentage of vulnerability
of great masses of people
has been programmed as a result of extensive research and detailed study
Most importantly a battery operated radio
to listen for official civil defense information over Conrad
640
And thank you for joining us here today.
On side 2 of the subgenius hour of slackened
Up to now after the Tate Beatles with Do You Think It's an Accident
We heard Crosley Bendix on the subject of electricity
More than an hour, less than a show
From Berkeley, California with the redoubtable puzzling evidence
And Dr. Howell starting from scratch
And looking for toads
And then came sofa number 2
And the last thing we heard was a voice from the radio
And now
The noise
The pressures
The decisions
The noise
A man screams for quiet
A man wants sanity in the confusion
A man wants release from the pressures
They say Christ cares and wants to help
No money back guarantee you will be free of noise, confusion, pain, pressures, decisions
He just says trust me man, trust me
I've been through it all
I understand
And I'll help you
And there's hope in that
The preceding brought to you by your station in observance of the 450th anniversary of the reformation
A film by ...




The trumpet summons us against
The trumpet summons us against
Not as a call to bear arms
Not as a call to bear arms
The arms we need
The arms we need
Not a call to battle
Not as a call to battle
Though in battle we are
Though in battle we are
But a call to bear the burden
Of a long
Twilight struggle
Year in, year out
Rejoicing in hope
Patient in tribulation
A struggle against
A struggle against
The common enemies of man
Tyranny
Poverty
Poverty
Poverty
Tyranny
Poverty
Tyranny
Poverty
Deceit and war
It's all the fault that's on us again
Not as a call for our hearts
Oh
So I'm speaking
Not as a call to battle
So we must be in heart
Not a call to bear the burden
Tyranny
Poverty
Poverty
Tyranny
Poverty
Tyranny


Poverty
Deceit
Tyranny
Poverty

Sack
Tyranny
Poverty
Tarn rempl SPEAKER
TARGET


TBL
And an eleven
Dboxing
I think those are good songs.
When you went down there, when you went down there,
when you went down there, you lost your hair,
they blew off your head, that's what you know.
Last move, ball one.
Clear move, frontier.
We all remember where we were on that vegetarian run
John and Tim O'Donnell,
the 35th president of the United States.
It was exceeded by a smuggler's random action.
I think we're having a drug OD here at the studio.
Put me on, put me on!
Put me on!
This is a strange but true story
which proves that history does repeat itself.
And the events depicted here happen just 100 years apart.
Both President Lincoln and President Kennedy
were concerned with the issue of civil rights.
Lincoln was elected in 1860.
Kennedy was elected in 1960, 100 years apart.
Both were shot from behind the scenes.
Kennedy was shot from behind in the head.
Their successors, both named Johnson,
were Southern Democrats with seats in the Senate.
Andrew Johnson was born in 1808.
Lyndon Johnson was born in 1908, 100 years apart.
John Wilkes Booth, the man that shot Lincoln,
was born in 1839.
Lee Harvey Oswald, the man that shot Kennedy,
was born in 1929, 100 years apart.
Well...
Booth and Oswald were Southerners,
favoring unpopular ideas.
Booth and Oswald were both assassinated
before going to trial.
Both Presidents' wives lost children through death
while in the White House.
Both Presidents were killed on a Friday
and in the presence of their wives.
President Lincoln's secretary, whose name was Kennedy,
advised him not to go to the theater.
President Kennedy's secretary, whose name was Lincoln,
advised him not to go to Dallas.
John Wilkes Booth shot Lincoln in a theater
and ran to a warehouse.
Lee Harvey Oswald shot Kennedy in a warehouse
and ran to a theater.
The names Lincoln and Kennedy each contain seven letters.
The names Andrew Johnson and Lyndon Johnson
each contain 15 letters.
The names John Wilkes Booth and Lee Harvey Oswald
each contain 15 letters.
And friends, it is true,
history does repeat itself.
It's truth is marching on.
JFK, the most talked about film of our times.
The motorcade is coming into view
with the Dallas Police Motorcycle Escort
of course, alongside the presidential limo.
And now we see President John F. Kennedy
and Mrs. Kennedy waving to the crowd.
Seated in front of the president is Governor Conley.
And he is also smiling and...
Still going.
Ladies and gentlemen, something is terribly wrong.
It appears the ladies and gentlemen
the Energizer Bunny has just been shot.
We repeat, the Energizer Bunny has just been shot.
Police say they have arrested a suspect
and have brought him in for questioning.
There is a theory at this time of...
November 22nd, 1 p.m. Eastern Standard Time.
Three shots ringing out
vaguely wounding the Energizer Bunny.
He was pronounced dead upon arrival.
This is the most terrible...
The lone gunman identified as Billy West of New York City
was quoted only as saying, quote,
he had it coming.
He interrupted one frigging commercial too many.
I'm played on it, end quote.
Tired of that exposed cold feeling of unprotected feet?
Tired of the sidewalk wearing holes in your socks?
Then you need shoes.
Yes, shoes.
The miracle invention that protects your hardworking feet
from today's harsh environment.
Simply slip a pair of shoes in your shoes.
Put a pair of custom-fitted shoes over your socks.
Lace them up and start walking.
You'll be amazed at the difference.
Available in hundreds of styles, colors and sizes.
Remember, that's shoes.
Available in stores everywhere.
Available in the passing spring.
Available in stores in the community
reserved for 20 hour semble Pho Busy P ventilators.
Available in stores Economic wieder and
Jubilee he Africa Sat hole ل diyorsun
Travel Plan.
Theaging and
for them to do it again that that's exactly what they did the monkey song it's their answer to the
ridiculous theory of evolution so right now by the miracle of recording Robin and crystal Bernard
singing a song that probably you haven't heard before but I'm sure after you hear it this time
you'll want to be hearing it again I don't know of any better way than just to call it what it is
it's the monkey song and it's about the monkey theory the ridiculous theory of evolution that
refutes the Bible account of creation Robin and crystal Bernard
I know
the monkeys no key into me yeah I don't know much about his ancestors but mine didn't swing from a
tree it's a
ridiculous



thing so unbelievable and yet they're saying it's true
they're teaching us about it in school now that humans were monkeys once too
whoa I'm no kin to the monkey no no no the monkey's no kin to me yeah yeah I don't know much about his ancestors but mine didn't swing from a tree
although it's so ridiculous they're teaching us now that it's true
it's a
ridiculous thing I hope it's true
the teachers that came from a monkey would be better off in the zoo
whoa I'm no kin to the monkey no no no the monkey's no kin to me yeah yeah yeah I don't know much about his ancestors but mine didn't swing from a tree
it seems so much more believable and surely surely it's true
the God made man in his image
no monkey story will do
Whoa, I'm no kin to the monkey, no, no, no
The monkey's no kin to me, yeah, yeah, yeah
I don't know much about his ancestors
But mine didn't swing from a tree
This monkey business has to go
Because it just isn't true
It's such a disgrace to the monkey
A disgrace to the human race, too
Whoa, I'm no kin to the monkey, no, no, no
The monkey's no kin to me, yeah, yeah, yeah
I don't know much about his ancestors
But mine didn't swing from a tree
Mine didn't swing from a tree
Mine didn't swing from a tree
Hey!
Hey!
I was walking...
I was walking on the ground
I didn't make a sound
Then I turned around and I saw a clown
Had a frown, stood on a mound
Started barking like a hound
When I came to it, I found
He showed me something that was frown
So we became great friends
And late in life, we got sick
I gave him some soup, but he got worse
It asked for his purse, it got it
But it was empty, so it cried a plenty
I wondered what to do
I didn't know what to think
So I got a drink
And then I showed it something that was round
Then it died, smiled, fell on the ground
Looking back about those days with the clown
I get teary-eyed and really snide
Deep down, I hated that clown
But not as much as Mr. Farr
I'm gonna go smoke a cigar
We don't need no education
We don't need no dark...
We don't need no education.
We don't need no dark sarcasm.
No dark sarcasm in the classroom.
Teachers, leave those kids alone.
Hey, teachers, leave those kids alone.
I want you to listen to the atmosphere that this song creates in this place tonight.
Do you see the frog in the fog?
Why don't you preach your name?
I didn't imagine this.
They came to my hotel room and told me they had taken Bob.
Honey, you don't know who you're dealing with.
I don't care who I'm dealing with.
You're only going to make it worse for Bob.
They won't kill him as long as we don't panic.
Don't you see he's their bargaining power?
Without Bob, they have nothing to hold over my head.
Now let me do it my way.
You've got to trust me.
I do? Why?
Because you're his brother?
Because you say so?
How can I trust someone who...
who might be psycho?
Do you really believe I am?
Honey, they're going to let Bob call tomorrow at dinner time.
Now at least let me talk to Booth before you ruin our one chance of getting Bob out alive.
Please, Grace.
Please.
I don't know.
I don't know anything anymore. Who I am.
What's happening.
Oh, I know...
He's in shock.
No, he's a freshman.
I know it's左over.

Don't you love him?

Bro, I got to help him out with this case.





stationary must go on it self-examining
out of the words ofensa.
This is nice.
for me. Well, they don't do that for anyone anymore. Narcotics have been systematically
scapegoated and demonized. The idea that anyone can use drugs and escape a horrible fate is
anathema to these idiots. I predict in the near future, right-wingers will use drug hysteria
as a pretext to set up an international police apparatus.
Good old man, I may not live to see a final solution.
You know what, Tom? You and my mystical woman should have been a philosopher.
Well, Bob, in another life, perhaps. In another life.
Yeah, well, a mind is a terrible thing to waste. I get bored so easily.
Yep. And you need lots of stimulation, Bobby.
Maybe I'll go on aalk if I can.
Well, how wasteful, don't you get?
How precocious.



Now nobody relative of me is telling you how false was Annie Lincoln to do.
Mayor, A.T., if my good will will, come on.
Sir?
I wanted this and I want the dal, Doc.
No, either one.

Look, I said quite a bit of tax exceeded that.
Is this what they're telling the workers to do?
Public tax?


結果 ih,便 g seventh kind, an.
what has been called the wave theory.
Yes, but in this case,
waving, undulating, shaking, vibrating,
waving, undulating, shaking, vibrating bodies
so that they can shake in time
or the messages of the,
the messages of the,
shake our message out of ourselves
and shake our message into someone else
or some other receiver
and therefore acknowledge the,
the, of the, the, the messages
that you can acknowledge.
Consider the impasse of one God.
He is all-knowing and all-powerful.
He can't go anywhere
since he is already everywhere.
He can't do anything
since the act of doing
presupposes opposition.
His universe is irrevocably thermodynamic,
having no friction by definition.
So he has to create friction.
War.
Fear.
Sickness.
Death.
Keep his dying show on the road.
Sooner or later.
Look, boss, we don't have enough energy
left to fry an elderly woman
in a flea bag hotel bar.
Well, we'll have to start faking it.
Joe looks after him sourly
and mixes a bite comedy in his soda.
Perfect.
Sure.
Start faking it.
Sure.
And leave the details to Joe.
Now look, from a real disaster,
you get a big event.
Sacrifice, heroism, grief, separation,
fear, and violent death.
And remember, one violent death
yields more energy than I can reward.
So, from an energy surplus,
you can underwrite the next one.
So, from an energy surplus,
you can underwrite the next one.
But the first one is a fake.
You can't underwrite it.
Try to explain to God Almighty
where this one God universe is going.
He doesn't know what buttons to push
or what happens when you push them.
God damn it, every man for himself.
They collect both.
John XXIII sang,
Like a little soldier,
I stand in attention
in the presence of my captain.
The whole army came from here to eternity.
Yet their first is with a brownish nose.
A world where kids can go out in their front porches
and bite the bottom off an ice cream cone.
Important thing.
Why so?
That's...
Shit.
The material is the plastic form of art.
But use of space
has given us the greatest inspiration.
It has given us the greatest inspiration.
It has given us the greatest inspiration.
The joke is not funny anymore.
All you can think about is lost or sensual thoughts
or twisted habits or unusual ideas.
And new drugs.
We haven't even discovered the drugs
that we're using.

So do you now understand


Well, I know now
how you're especially
proud of boys and people
with a serious voice.
You're nothin' wrong with I'm alright
I know that
I, I think,
I now know
well, you are

really have you
and it works
in other ways.
You don't know
I feel good
about myself every night.
Now...
I don't know
That's my father.
My partiere
ein USS
Looks good, what?
Jack Kennedy's mistress was bringing drugs that we sent to Jack Kennedy.
They have to be smudged.
He has a secret love name just for you.
Transistors, rectifiers, and diodes belong to a family of devices called the Screens.
And he might even have expelled them in a flatulent cloud of locker room clearing methane.
Yeah, it's true.
Yes, they become part of your very being.
Yes, and you become part of your very being.
And he becomes part of your very being.
Because you know, we are all one, really.
It all comes out in the laundry that we are all the same.
All religions are true.
All perceptions are valid.
All ideas are new.
And all flavors go into the stew.
All dressings go well with the salad.
Well, everyone needs their special mojo bag.
Oh, get that away from me.
What do you got in there, buffalo chips?
Somebody open a window.
Well, I may have...
น
We'll meet you at the prompter.
Looks good.



itself and cates and west with the energizer bunny assassination and shoes and a thanks to
bill cates for that howard stern autograph he got for me it says picture of stern saying will you
can do something to me anytime and i wouldn't but it's nice to know that i could if i wanted to
and then dr jerry falwell introduced the monkey song which was sung by robin and crystal bernard
and i believe uh as the years have passed crystal bernard is that gal on that awful show wings
show her just what a monkey can do these days and crispin glover singing about
clowns and there were more tape beatles and first there was william s burrows from drugstore cowboy
more tape beatles because we only have one tape deck tonight
burrows again with the one god universe and kpfa
finisher
and i think we have about twenty minutes to go so if you have any questions about any of that or any of the other thing don't forget you can write to post office box one four zero three zero six in dallas texas seven five two one four a self address stamped envelope would be fun would be nice for everyone involved that address again write to bob at post office box one four zero three zero six in dallas texas and i'll see you next time
dallas texas
seven five two one four
thanks as always for listening to the hour slack praise bob be here
now and be here next week
goodnight
booth
please one raise while you from this round so if you have a subject you'd like the proud to speak of just
and as a'm Australian over these killed
ourdisciplinary services has performed in discounted an einzelbr curve where he leaves at the patient lives by because of the mentions of the good but also because we are living Viviana you know like in your family and givers and pay attention to your lapフ
Profram and their special plastic implement they use shown here.
And now we'll show you that technique once again.
Dr. Profram? Yes, thank you. Well, I believe that
we have found out that the Wotan Beast can be brought out of its grave for small, small periods of time
by putting in more amounts of energy and electricity than was previously used
and that the new instruments, although dangerous, are very, very usable
in the small little padded room. I lost my
tool manual. I can't find where he's reading the circuitry.
No, no, just take it directly off the charts now. The charts from Dallas tell us exactly.
Oh, yeah. Well, there you go, the charts from Dallas.
And that nice frame that Dallas bought. Thank you for this opportunity to explain this to you.
Well, that's what you get for doing your holographic records on plain old window glass.
Shelter. You should construct a fallout shelter and stock it with a two-week supply of food and water,
a battery radio, first aid kit, and other essential items for survival.
Our guys are working.
Where is your show coming from?
From the bowels of hell.
Are you sure hell won't stop you?
Directly from hell or is there a show?
No, the bowels of hell.
The bowels of hell.
There's no other possible.
There's no other possible.
There is no other possible.
There is no other possible.
There is no other possible.
Now, if your prospects are definitely not interested, there are three things you can do.
First, ask them, who do you know?
That you think would be interesting.
This one question can often lead you to some of your best prospects.
Seriously, what do you have to do?
What can you do?
Why are you being so generous?
Why are you being so generous?
Why are you being so generous?
And now, what will it take to reunite all four Beatles?
I think you're gonna have to resurrect Joe Lennon for that.
No, three more bullets.
