Look out! God is right behind you!
The Soft Genius Hour of Swatch!
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye. Goodbye, Earth.
Night, little monkeys in your cage. Night, night.
All your great skyscrapers, your achievements, your mighty books and discoveries, your symphonies, your armies, your concentration camps.
All of it was burned up.
Your indoor plumbing, your toiletries, and your many delicacies that no one can use.
A tiny spark, dying ember in the middle of thousands and billions of light years of empty, cold space.
Glowing, stinky hole in your...
Nothing.

Now, you are about as important as a cork in the ocean, my friend.
Think of a cockroach, if you would.
I don't know if you want to think of one for too long, but just imagine the revulsion you feel when you swat one and brush it away from yourselves.
Think of yourself as a mere cockroach compared to these weird exes, archons, whatever the hell they are.
They don't notice you. They don't care about you.
If you happen to hitch a ride and they don't swat you off, then count yourself lucky.
But don't think...
You're some kind of a big deal just because God or some aliens happened to pick you up by the scruff of your neck and show you a thing or two.
They're in there with you. They're in the room with you.
You can't see them. You can't smell them. You can't taste them.
But they're in the room with you, and they blend with the walls, with the CDs, with the vinyl rack, with the digital...
What did they do with everything?
And with the airwaves.
It's the hiss buried in the tape that we use to carry the code, the coded signal.
But it's the only way we can stop them.
The human mind.
The human mind is capable of receiving and transmitting radio signals.
It has no way of converting this knowledge or...
...the ability into a practical use.
However, the brain has in it, in some miraculous way, the ability to transmit and convert and receive radio signals.
We use your brain as an envelope to send our letters to the others.
They are a correspondence with a world you could never fathom.
It's square to your round.
It's cheesy to your musky.
It's black to your white.
It's green to your red.
It's out of focus to your sharp image.
Do the rat in the cheese.
The cheese is the universe.
Do the rat, baby.
Do it one more time.
Everybody loved Obagi Kodo.
Do the rat.
Do the rat.
Do the rat.
There are more things in this cheese than your little science has ever dreamt of, Mickey.
...Micky.
I've been stuck here for so long.
Just wondering when it's gonna end.
When it's gonna blow up.
When this sun is gonna go nova.
Could that be what's happening today?
If you think X-Day was just Bob's way of saying, well, it's just aliens or something.
Don't feel bad that God's gonna supernova your sun unexpectedly for no particular reason.
No special timing.
Oh, God.
I don't know.
I'm gonna do it around the time Bob said something what's gonna happen.
It's nice you let us know around the time because, you know, if we was more God-like, we could have made our plans accordingly, but...
It's kinda like we...but we're kinda like the old dog that just got too sick and we...you take the old dog out in the woods, you go,
Here, old dog.
Here's a big old hunk of raw meat.
Mmm, isn't that good?
And when that dog turns around to gum that raw meat, you pull out your .45 and blow his poor...
pathetic old doggy brains out because it's the kindest thing to do.
Is that what our planet is, that old dog?
Is...
Are we that old dog just being put out to pasture, put out on the ice flows, toothless to fend for itself or go under?
Is it?
Is our planet to...is our planet being sent off to the rest home?
Yeah, like everything's gonna have its time and go.

Maybe our time already came and went and we didn't even know it.
All things must pass.
We was laughing and playing them Dionysian dances by the old Greek riverside.
Them were the days.
We was jumping through hoops and wrestling with bears and then we invented hydrogen energy and decided to blow us up some bombs and...
And have tooth decay.
And then have...
Truth decay.
And then...and then before we knew it, nobody knew the truth.
Nobody was well anymore. Nobody was even really alive.
They were just going...
Going...
Going...
Going...
We thought we had the ultimate weapon.
Turned out God had it all along.
We thought we was gonna hold a gun to our own head and...and we didn't even get the chance.
No, we thought we were so prideful, we thought we could destroy ourselves.
Mother Nature showed us what for.
Say, you boys think you can wreck your environment with them factories and bombs?
Let me show you a thing or two.
Here, I'll just spit this little spit water into that sun thing, that little light bulb you got lighting you up.
Look very calmly and clearly at the question, Mr. Pavilion Head.
Counting down the minutes to the end of the solar system.
What you usually think of first in a situation like this is who benefits?
Earth first.
Who takes all?
There's a power play going on. The sun's getting bigger. It's getting weirder.
It's getting flatter and longer and more sideways and more...everything it's not.
You know, Mars will probably be real tropical in about 30 minutes.
Three hours? If we can get to Mars in about three hours, it'll probably be real nice.
But then by the time we got there, it would be Pluto would be getting all tropical and we'd have to get there and we just...
Pluto, man.
And then three...
Oh yeah, there's going to be like palm trees on Pluto and you'd be...
I don't know if I got enough rocket motors for Pluto.
Yeah, that's the thing. I don't know if we're going to be able to make...
Pluto's no cat anemone planet.
And especially that...
Not really.
You know, they showed me on board that ship tonight, what you guys don't believe.
There's going to be no planets left. There's just going to be cold rocks.
A picture...a hologram...of Mars.
Nikola Tesla.
Yeah, I suppose.
What?
Well, they showed me a hologram of Nikola Tesla.
It was like one of them talking holograms and explained exactly what's going on right now.
And it said...
It said why we're at this crossroads we're at.
And it sang this song.
Yeah. No, no it didn't.
This is the best end of the world song I could ever imagine, friends.
This is Einstein's Secret Orchestra live at XXX Day.
Just a couple nights ago.
Just a couple nights ago, dear friends.
As we ushered in the end of the world, we're going to go out dancing, sleeping, loving and eating.
And...
But it's fall for BTEN because the sun really is going down, folks.
Them flaunting shoes out in Nevada, they're spitting water.
Well, you feel like a cow, you got a hubcap down the sky.
You feel like a cow.
Oh yeah.
You feel like a cow.
You're an untamed youth, not so cute with your clothes full of baghawks.
You're dirty sweet and you're my girl.
Get it off.
Bag off.
Get it off.
Get it off.
Sounds pretty good, huh?
Man, you were rocking there, Dave.
I was dancing so hard, my vertigo almost made me fall off the stage.
You missed it, people.
You missed it.
This is what you missed.
There was dancing naked crazy women wearing nothing but neon.
There was a giant 20-foot tall neon man staggering around.
A huge robot from outer space.
An incredible light show.
And this!
And actually, that boomerang thing that he had.
That man from his back zone was propelled by them solar winds right there.
I think.
There was something else going on there.
Windy and wild.
Yeah, solar wind.
You got a hubcap down the sky.
You feel like a cow.
Yeah.
Get it off.
Bag it off.
Get it off.
Bag it off.
Get it off.
Get it off.
Get it off.
Get it off.



I'll have to play this some more next week.
Get it off.
Well, it's time to get it off now, but I think we're going to be stuck with it for a while.
However long it takes for the world to totally end.
We must get off even if we have to be blown off by an incredible solar hurricane.
Which is exactly what we're looking at.
Ride the tail of the comet, my friend.
Hee-haw!
How long before the novelty wears off?
You know, people go through regular, you know, hurricanes and stuff.
What would a solar hurricane really be like?
How many seconds would it last?
I figure we can work this into the world's scam for another six months or so, and then it's going to burn out.
I don't think so.
It looks very imminent right now.
It looks like something's really ready to happen quickly.
That would make sense.
Wouldn't that?

That just figures.
Bob would be off by five days.
Yeah, but Bob is one of those glass jars.
I think it's mostly his brain that's in there, but it looks like his body, like in that weird, what you call it, doll thing.
Get it off.
Okay, this is where all the weird subliminal gas is coming out.
Party life is 1966, my friend.
I really like the fact that it made them lose control of their salivary glands, though.
I didn't mind them really loading.
I didn't mind the high sub-sonics that made them have to go number 12.
But once them salivary glands started going, it was very hard to work up there on stage because it makes your strings go dry.
Makes my mouth water.
It makes them rushed out.
They oxidize from the saliva.
I'm going to have to wait one more year to hear her sing this song for real.
No, I think we might be getting taken home.
It's like the old folks home, or maybe the mean kids home.
What was it, the orphanages home?
That's where we're going, only we're going to be tortured at it.
The home for slackless children.
The home for tortured slackless children.
You won't believe the devices they got there Tuesday.
They got like these big racks, you know, like these inquisitional racks, only they're like expositional.
And they're just for you, Dave.
No, no, they're for all of us.
That's the problem.
You can't believe it, see.
We've got to come up with some kind of new religion or a new science.
Two and one.
Now to continue with the tape recording.
Take me home.
It was a pleasant Sunday afternoon.
Keep your hat on tight.
You're back to the wind.
And you're sacking the saddle.
Heads or tails and happy trails.
Open the Bombay door.
Let her rip.
I'm not going to wait.
The path of the righteous man is the same.
All my clothes are uncomfortable.
They pull me, they snatch me, and they let me down.
All my clothes are uncomfortable.
All my clothes are uncomfortable.
They eat me too loose or too tight.
They eat me too loose or too tight.
They never fit me just right.
All my clothes are uncomfortable.
All my clothes are uncomfortable.
All my clothes are uncomfortable.
All my clothes are uncomfortable.
Nothing left nothing for me.
Nothing left nothing for me.
Nothing left nothing for me.
Nothing is nothing for me
All my clothes are uncomfortable
All my clothes are uncomfortable
All my clothes are uncomfortable
All my friends are irresponsible
They need it to loose or too tight
Nothing is nothing for me
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Little Theodore.
That was indeed Little Theodore
with a F, not a TH.
Or you might pronounce it Fyodor.
But he pronounces it Little Theodore.
And the lovely babushka
live at the Dos Equis trip
XX Day Subgenius End of the World Drill
in 1999.
And friends, I'm just now starting to sort through
all the things that I've said.
What it takes from that miraculous failure of an event.
A failure in that, well, Bob,
whatever, for whatever reason,
the escape vessels of the sex goddesses
didn't show up.
Nay, nay, nay, okay.
And which is what we were talking about
on that radio show at the beginning of this radio show,
the July 8th Einstein Secret Orchestra
Swamp Radio Show on WCSB
in Cleveland, Ohio.
We've got more of that.
From the next, from last week's show.
Hey, see, this stuff is all packing up.
And I'm not even in Dallas, don't you see?
I'm traveling, trying to save souls
at the last minute before XXX Day,
July 5th, year 2000.
And so, we're, I'm on the road
and I don't have all my gear
and I don't even have Little Theodors
address for you.
You'll just have to look it up until next week
or call.
Stang at subgenius.com
and ask me then, next week.
Everything's fine.
Everything's just fine.
We're, right now, we're deep in the lair
of the Termite Queen
with Einstein Secret Orchestra.
And I don't know where exactly we're going to go
from this particular lair.
We have several different tunnels we could take.
I have excellent recordings.
You know, the kind of recordings
that you like.
The ones with the organs on them.
So, I hope Bob loves you, friends.
And we'll be back once we figure out
what to play next.
We'll be right back.





Friday, will you forgive me
for running off the Termite Queen?
Will you give him the super gravity
that he so desperately desires?
Yes, I forgive you.
Can I have my anti-matter from you, Auntie?
You can have my panty matter.
I have panty matter and can I lick
the wisdom to tate?
Yes, you can carve dice out of the wisdom

You've been licking on me wrong.
It's the only way I can keep my panty on.
I am the only one who can have panty on.

Can I wash the darkness off of you?
You can lick my whip.
My whip?
Man, she looks like my babysitter used to look.
As long as anybody's got a whip, I'll be there to lick it.
A lot of people say my prayers aren't answered.
People do not hear.
God does not understand.
I don't understand.
You know, nothing's going on when I'm praying.
It's because there's sin in your life.
The heavens turn to brass.
God turns his face.
He shuts his ears and his eyes.
And Nehemiah is saying, evidently, God hasn't been
listening as his people, the Jews, the Hebrews,
have been crying out to him.
The subgenius is saying.
It's the same way with Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Oh, it's...
It's the same way.
John, we need you to go now.
daughters to follow box,
to follow means.
Exactly.
God abandoned thấy you.
Not click.
Yes, Jim.
You were so loud yet okay.

Kit your meat and flowing beyond kind.
Out of this bed.


I will, Macro l webinars.

Then trying so hard to reach.
It's me it over.
Oh my.
Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise goddamn Bob!
Oh, yes!
And they said that X-Day didn't happen last year, that it was a failure.
And all your friends, it was a great success because we fooled the normals into thinking that the end of their world was going to be that easy.
Oh, hell, man, me and Chaz, Dave, we were dose-ecchi-us all along.
We knew it was really going to be 1999 and not 1998 or 2000.
And besides, you know, when you get...
Right down to it, really, Occam's razor comes to mind.
The simplest answer to a problem is usually the best.
And the simple answer may just be that, well, hard as it may be to believe, but...
Bob!
Uh, screwed up.
Yes! Yes, it's hard to imagine that J.R. Bob Dobbs could...
A preacher, a holy man, a holy man like Bob could lie...
But besides, on top of all that stuff, friends...
I guess some of those people that complained about the so-called failure of X-Day last year, maybe they just happened to miss that very first sentence at the top of the very first pamphlet that was published in 1979, and I don't mean the phrase $1.
Friends, at the top of that pamphlet, what does it say?
It says, the world ends tomorrow!
The world ends tomorrow and you may die!
Not the day after tomorrow, not on July 5th, 1998.
Tomorrow!
How many of you have been living your lives as if the world ends tomorrow?
Or else, as if you had all the time in the world?
Because if you ain't doing one or the other, you're wasting it all!
But who cares anyway, friends?
God damn it, we're religious nuts!
Did the Jehovah's Witnesses stop coming to your door just because their world didn't end those five or six times in a row?
Hell no!
Are we gonna let the Jehovah's Witnesses out-cook us?
Say no!
No, friends, we'll be the ultimate superstitious religious nuts.
But besides, when you get right down to it, isn't reality itself a superstition?
How ill-equipped I was for this.
I had started with the time machine on the absurd assumption that the men of the future would be infinitely ahead of ourselves.
I had come without weapons, without medicine, even without enough matches, of which only four remained.
Friends, we've activated the dome to protect the small encampment here.
It could come down at any time right now, but we have put over...
Don't leave the dome.
That's just my...
There are tornadoes tearing down cities.
There are cities all around us right now.
So please stay within this dome.
And it seems to have a few leaks.
But we'll work on that.
Yeah, does anybody have any glue and tape?
I'm gonna play some music.
You can dance and enjoy the prom.
At 7 o'clock, please join us for the ATF radio show, which is Reverend Ivan Stang, Papa Joe Mama, and Janeer Hypercleets will be broadcast here at 7.
At 7 o'clock, yes, sir.
What?
Oh, and we have one more crooner.
It's me again.
Actually, I'd prepared a little something that seems rather appropriate because we're here at a prom, and a prom is supposed to be for graduation.
And we graduate on Monday, and I can't sing.
Neither can anybody else, I know.
But strangely enough...
This little piece is based on something that has played on the radio.
Music?
Ready?
Read.
Okay.
Cue again.
Waste the power and beauty of your youth.
Oh, never mind.
The conspiracy spends inconceivable amounts of time and money trying to get you to waste your youth in a manner that benefits them.
But trust me.
In 20 years, you'll look back and realize you did squander your youth.
But with the aid of J.R. Bob Dobbs, you did it in a way that got...
You slacked, got your money and friends, and most of all, got you laid.
You are even more obsessed with sex than you can imagine.
And this is good.
Don't worry about the future, because the exes are going to come and take care of it all.
And even if they don't, you'll have a much better time partying with your choice of sex partner than if you sit around worrying about what they tell you is important on the news.
The real troubles in your life are the ones you have to deal with.
The ones thrown at you by the conspiracy, and they're going to hit you whether you worry about them or not.
Do one thing every day that pisses someone off.
Remember the words of Zardoz.
The gun is good, the penis is evil.
Be evil.
Remember to bathe regularly.
Don't waste your money on lottery scratch tickets or self-help courses.
Waste it on Bob.
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Sometimes you give head, sometimes you take it from behind.
You do it long and hard, and in the end you only do it with yourself.
Remember the affairs you've had.
Forget the ones your mate had.
If you succeed in doing this, don't tell him or her.
It will save you a lot of headaches that way.
Keep your old tattoos and piercings.
Throw away your old pairs of underwear.
Extra meditate regularly.
At least once in your life, you must kill Bob.

Some people accomplish this at 22, while others don't kill him until they're 40 years old or more.
Don't worry about that moment until it actually happens.
When the time is right, you too will know that it's time for you to kill Bob.
Download plenty of bomb-making instructions from the internet.
You don't have to do anything with them, but just downloading them will piss off the conspiracy.
Bring your mind to the breaking point at least once.
You won't miss it when it's gone.
Maybe you'll have sex tonight. Maybe you won't.
Maybe you'll make love tonight. Maybe you won't.
Maybe you'll settle down with a sub-g mate.
Maybe you'll get arrested for molesting children and spend the rest of your life in prison as a sex toy for a guy named Bubba.
Whatever you do, don't stroke your ego too much, or else stroking it will be the only way you get any.
Your mate matters.
You are only one half of a man.
You're a couple, but so is everybody else.
Abuse your body. Test its limits in every way you can.
Don't be afraid to go to the edge, especially when the conspiracy warns you away, but don't kill yourself just because you can.
The exits may be coming, but it's up to you to make the time until they arrive worthwhile.
Have sex, even if you have nowhere to do it but your own living room.
Be naked in public at least once. It's a rush you won't regret.
I did, and the videos to prove it are on sale right over there.
Well, actually that's not true.
Stang edited my scenes out so that they won't hurt the video sales.
Accept certain inalienable truths.
Television lies, the conspiracy lies, and Bob lies.
But given a choice, whose lies would you rather believe?
Christianity is stupid.
Communism is good.
Give up. Give up.
Cut off all your hair at least once, just to see how it feels.
And finally, a word of advice for those of you who feel like going into your local high school and opening fire with a machine gun.
Wait until X-Day.
When the pleasure saucers arrive, then we'll finally have our chance to take it out on the ones who trapped us on this mud-hole planet.
I was all ready to go last July when I stood there and waited for the sex goddesses to come.
I thought they'd call in the convicts to rupture me away.
But Bob's screwed up and the saucers haven't arrived yet.
So I guess that means we've gotta find other ways to make life bearable under the conspiracy.
But if you can't wait and you go postal before X-Day, the conspiracy will destroy you.
You are not strong enough to bring down the conspiracy by yourself.
But as long as they don't consider you a threat,
then there's no reason why you can't live every day as if X-Day was just around the corner.
And it is a threat.
is just around the corner.
But trust me
on the $30.
Praise Reverend Modemac
and Aaron,
Reverend Aaron.
Come on!
Oh, praise Reverend Modemac.
Indeed, friends,
an amazing moment
from the subgenius prom.
Praise Jesus.
Praise Jesus.
I saved you all.
Praise Pope S. Lilith,
king and queen of the prom.
Anybody else want to sing a song?
Oh, spare us, oh Lord.
Sing.
Oh, there were some people
at this place last year
who seemed to be kind of pissed off
that they didn't get to destroy
the entire planet for $30.
They should be damn glad
that Heaven's Gate
didn't get to...
You're first!
Their whole goal
is to put a microchip
underneath the skin
of a person's hand or forehead.
And I was pretty amazed
because that's exactly
what the book of Revelation says,
chapter 13, chapter 13, chapter 13.
There are people out there
who are musicians
that may well like
to be involved in a group,
especially a group that tours
and reaches people for Christ.
How can they get a life?
They're very loving
and gentle little people.
Yes.
There's something terribly wrong with them.
How do you mean?
They seem to have the minds
of five-year-olds.
How do you expect them to be?
Far ahead of us, of course.
Incredibly ahead of us
in knowledge and in science.
Look at them.
Children.
They seem happy
in this huge garden of theirs.
If the Lord is going to come again,
well, what's going to happen
to my mother?
So pink and hard.
And remain into the coming...
Happy New Year!
Happy New Year!

The sun's sent us off.
Taking you little babies
full of cash
and old...
and old...
and old...

And you're carrying sips
walking, shuffling off
into the horizon.
New baby 1999
comes crawling around the bend.
His machine gun in one hand
and a crack pipe in the other.
And the old man 1998
with his broken bob pipe
and his crashed saucer.
No watering.
He wanted to go down into the pond.
His pink feathers, yeah.
Into the pond.
Into the pond with old man time.
I'm just calling to see what we can do about getting the pornography out of our stores.
What it was, I just walked in a store ten minutes ago,
and they had pornography magazines plainly in view right over the counter.
Nothing covering them up or nothing.
They're making money off a dial of porn.
If the Lord is coming, what's going to happen to those that are dead?
You are one light hour behind me.
One hour behind you.
You people have already moved into the future, and we're all hung up here.
You still have an hour to go, or a little less than that.
To reach the destination, the plateau, we have already stood upon.
Yeah, that's it.
You've already achieved the apotheosis.
You have reached the peak,
and we're still scrambling up the side of that damn sidereal mountain.
We haven't gotten anywhere near the peak yet.
Yeah, but it's in view.
The light's at the end of the tunnel.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You can sort of reach up to it.
You can focus on the light at the end of the tunnel.
Yeah.
I don't know.
That big, that four-foot...
Bong.
Bong.
Bong.
Bong.
Bong.
Bong.
At the end of the tunnel.
Rightening as the thought may be, it could happen.
As I explored the countryside with Wiener, seeking safety,
I fancied I could even feel the hollowness of the ground beneath my feet.
I could indeed almost see through it to the Morlocks scurrying below, waiting for the dark.

Wiener's fatigue grew upon her.
I took her in my arms.
Then, as the night embraced us, she put her arms around me.
We stopped at the edge of some woods, and she slept.
Looking up at the stars that suddenly dwarfed my own troubles,
I thought of the Eloi and the Morlocks,
and of how they must have forgotten their shared ancestry,
and how man as we knew him had been swept out of existence.
Then I was hungry, and for some reason connected it with the great fear that existed among the Eloi.
I shivered before I even knew why.
And then I broke into a sweat.
For the most part, I was not.
For the first time, I realized what the meat I had seen below might be.
The Eloi were the fatted cattle which the Morlocks tended and preyed upon.
What else could it be?
Bong, bong at the end of the tunnel.
Frightening as the thought may be, it could happen.
The sun will become dark, the moon blood red, the stars of the heavens will fall,
there'll be two major earthquakes that are going to be coming,
the islands and the mountains are shaken out of their sockets,
and the second one, no island, no mountain was found in the face of the earth.
It's all coming.
Yes, I'm ready now.
Then close your eyes, and tap your heels together three times,
and think to yourself, there's no place like Bob.
Knowing her fate, Atlantis sent out ships to all corners of the earth.
On board were the Twelve.
The poet, the physician, the farmer, the scientist, the magician,
and the other so-called gods of our legends.
But not Bob.
And as the elders of our time choose to remain blind,
let us rejoice and let us sing and dance.
And there was much rejoicing and singing at X-Day.
But we'll have to wait another year.
Hail the sex goddesses.
Because they did show up at X-Day.
A new day.
Yeah, we went over the rainbow into the mitochondrial yeti DNA level C.
Well, we're going to have to go north and south and east and west.
And we've got to wait another year, yeah, but we're going to fill up a new pipe.
We're going to wait for the sun to shine.
We're going to turn around and take our time.
We're going to break the seal to the other side.
You know, from the valley, I hear the muffled cry
of all them poor sheeple that we left behind.
And we're going to take that next evolutionary step.
Yeah, we're going to climb on those rocket ships.
We're going to build the vessels if we have to.
We're already testing the engines.
We're already testing the systems needed for this trip.
We're on the ride, yeah.
Mitochondrial Eve, thanks for the ride.
We'll take it from here.
Oh, here, here, this is the video down feed from the rocket launch.
Launch the rocket ship.
Remember they were all chanting this together as we were lighting the fuse?
Yeah, I do. Everyone was dancing.
Mojo and I were out there lighting rocket butt.
Mojo was wearing his 20-foot-tall robot, neon robot costume.
Oh, my God, they're trampled in film crew.
And I was in my dances with rockets, regalia.
Friday was wearing that sheer vinyl rubber outfit.
Well, if that was an outfit.
I think it was the part of the down.
I liked the women carrying the torches.
The real skin there.
The scantily clad women carrying the torches was my favorite part of it.
Launch the rocket ship. Launch the rocket ship.
How many days do we have left, Stang?
Oh, I think it's like only 11 months.
Launch the rocket ship. Launch the rocket ship.
11 months, 21 days, and 79 seconds.
Well, we got our work cut out for us, Mojo.
Until XXX day, friends, until we leave this dirtball Earth.
We've had one more slight miscalculation.
That was my uncle's name.
Hey, Mojo, you think we can hit orbital velocity by next year?
Sure.
How far do we want to go?
And how many do we want to take with us?
200 light years, 200,000 people.
Yeah.
And for $200,000.
$200,000 a piece.
200,000 people for $200,000 a ride.
Yeah, a piece.
You can't even get $30 out of that many people.
How are you going to get $1 each?
Well, there won't be a lot of people going, but, you know, that's not the thing.
You know, if you can come up with the cash, you can get out of here.
That's about it.
That's what...
Well, that's always been the message.
That was the message of the 5X day drills.
The problem is...
I've been seeing on the Internet and the outer spew and some of the other subterranean designs that keep all sub-rasa,
you know, like Captain Optimus and four eyes and all those kinds.
They were saying that it's conceivable that everything might end, like, in less than a year.
You know, you're saying 11 months and so many days.
Like, in 11 days, things could get real, real bad.
We got to take the elevator up by then, Daddy-O.
Well, they said...
Get on the bus.
There have been mistakes as far as encrypt-aggraving the, you know, the encyclicals.
And that the actual date was July 29th or something like that.
What?
1999.
Well, that's, you know, one of these cults I tapped into.
All I know is that I'll rise up to those saucers so light and clean and fluffy.
Clean?
You have been eating far too many Three Musketeers.
And speaking of three things, the third man on the moon, that's a spy term, baby.
Did you know that?
The third man.
That's...
He's not a man, but he's a spy.
Well, if he was the third man on the moon...
He was a subgenius spy.
He was.
He was a spy for Dallas.
I take my marching orders from Moscow.
But he was a spy for Dallas.
I'm sorry.
Oh, it's a cow...
Is it cowboys versus Yankees again, Dave?
I don't know.
You're going to get personal about it.
I don't know, Tovarish.
You know, you guys never want to split all the oil or the cows or any of the other wonderful things.
The Whippoorwills or them tumbleweeds or any of that stuff.
I know Vance Johnson for what he was.
And I know the dupes for what they was.
Yeah, you did.
And you didn't...
His great society in outer space came to pass.
But unfortunately, it was on the salt mines of Mercury where we have been sentenced.
Did you ever hear of the creatures of Jekyll Island?
I think I live on Jekyll Island.
Some of my best friends are preachers from Jekyll Island.
They're preachers from Jekyll Island?
Sure.
That's a big church there, too.
Yeah, really big.
They control it.
They get their $30 any time they want.
I know the preacher from the black legume.
The black legume?
I think that's...
The preachers from the black legume.
That's the Carson and Jack Bean people.
That's almost as good as Hideous Crack Baby.
Oh, that's my neighborhood.
No, that was my movie.
I was going to make Hideous Crack Baby.
Did you...
Were you going to use the huge pumpkin-headed people to portray...
Or Lumba, the body-less spine-free?
I was going to use my son.
Well, I didn't know he had any preternatal deformity.
My third son.
Oh, your third eye, I thought you were going to talk about.
My son by Friday.
Oh.
Hideous Crack Baby.
The wisdom eye.
Friday didn't do any crack.
Friday, straight arrow.
You just took the crack and jumped on him?
Just a crack of the whip.
Just a crack of the whip.
That's her crack.
The wisdom whip.
From what I hear about crack...
Somebody's slack.
If you don't lick the wisdom eye, you will feel...

You jumped right off.
You will feel the wisdom whip.
You will feel the wisdom whip.


Yeah.
I'm afraid that's what most people get, is the kiss of the wisdom whip.
And then they learn.
Try to get me her crack, though.
Oh, you got Dave excited now.
You're so glib with that third tongue and that third nostril right above them third eyes.
Your face you just put on all sideways.
Third time's the charm.
Have I showed you my third asshole?
Oh, my God.
Do we want to see it?
No, we don't.
I don't think anybody, the listeners, even want to think about it, because now we already
have.
Yeah.
Now my dad ruined the rest of my evening.
That's all I'm going to be able to think about.
I'm looking into this big hole in this bottle.
Yeah.
He was drinking out of that tea.
I was going to smoke a cigarette now.
Yeah.
Man, I'm not going to be able to breathe through this hole in my face anymore.
Ain't touching that crack, Jack.
Stop thinking about that thing you mentioned.
Especially with your mojo, it's probably got all kinds of weird lights around it and rockets
and stuff and explosive things.
Explosive devices, trip wires.
They're about booby traps, bobby traps.
Now, sir, could you please pull down your pants and bend over the table here?
I'm not having no explosive devices in there.
There's no explosive devices in there.
Just don't think there's any kind of thing that's going to .
That's how Rocket Butt made it through customs.
Well, when I pass gas, shock diamonds come about 10 feet out the back.
That's all I can see.
Blue shock diamonds.
What's a shock diamond?
Like when you ever see a jet fly overhead really fast.
And as you look at it, it's like, oh, my God.
And you look at it as it's flying away from you, like at the air show, you'll see the
.
These blue shock diamonds.
Do they look like diamonds or just shimmer like stuff?
They just sit there.
It's like the air is so tortured, it glows.
Oh, that's a good image.
It almost looks digital, even.
It looks like some kind of an animation added to reality or something.
Well, you know what they say about the kind of propulsion devices and things they're using
now is alien science, alien tech.
Well, that doesn't sound very good.
I don't know.
It's very natural.
We're too dumb to make that stuff up.
Of course we had to get it from the aliens.
I know a lot of people that use shock wave patterns just to get stoned.
They can't do anything else anymore.
Nothing else works.
Yeah, my doctor gave me a lot of electroshock wave therapy, a mess of times, felt good.
That doesn't sound natural either.
This all sounds so like...
It's not very organic.
No.
Well, I don't know.
You got to get your juice.
Well, you guys are staring into a rocket button.
You're going to ruin your eyes.
Now, you know, I don't know.
Just sit there and watch.



It sounds like you don't want to get off a plane.
Come on, Dave.
You know, get cool, man.
Be a sophisticate.
Come on, now.
This show doesn't host the Brushwood Air Defense very often.
What does it matter?
Stang promised me my body wouldn't be good for you.
The views expressed here are solely those of myself and the cause.
They do not express the views of Cleveland State University or WCSB University, so if
the listener discretion is advised, turn your radio off.
Yeah, me too.
No, we did that.
I did that earlier, but I mean...
Don't do it enough.
It is legal.
You can use those words as long as you don't use them to mean what they mean.
Yeah.
Like, you couldn't, like, scream intercourse or defecation real loud, like, to pound the

No, you could, as long as you weren't talking about those things.
Well, if I were to pound the table, though, like I was cursing and going, ah, intercourse,
I stubbed my toe on it.
Yeah, that's okay.
Yeah, you can do that.
That's okay.
Just whatever you do, don't talk about anything, you know...
Don't use the F-word if you're talking about sex.
Don't get in it.
Give me them fornicating...
And it's not just words.
Cheese crackers.
It's the concepts.
It's a ban.
Okay.
Ban on concepts.
To even get people thinking about stuff.
Right.
It's a ban on concepts.
Like nipples, for instance.
That's...
Don't even get them thinking about it because that leads...
You know what?
That leads to...
Well, I'm already thinking about it, so you know it works.
The wisdom teat.
Yeah.
If you never mean what you say, then they can never get you.
God doesn't want competition.
I like that.
He doesn't want you to eat of that apple of knowledge.
He doesn't want you to...
If you never mean what they say...
Lick that wisdom eyeball or suckle the wisdom teat or excrete the wisdom fluids.
No, no, no.
He doesn't want you to stay ignorant and in the dark like a mushroom.
They want to feed you excrement and give you sandwiches sometimes.
He doesn't want you to know about that fig leaf.
No.
And believe me, you'd be happier if you didn't know about it.
You'd be...
You don't want to know.
You really don't.
But you're gonna.
You're gonna.
You're gonna know about that fig leaf.
I know you're gonna do it.
You're gonna know about it someday.
As soon as God said not to, that's when we...
He knew you were going to.
That's how he got you to do it.
Yeah.
So funny.
Cause he controls everything that ever happened.
He...
So, for you to even think about it is too hard.
Well, you suck a big dick, you...
You don't want to think of his sense of humor.
It's not very funny.
See, they once said that this God of this solar system was a clone.
And here's the part.
Here's where he came out.
Oh, look at the gigantic...
The little...















Robot man lying in knee.
Mojo.
With a dog's head plastered etched in his chest.
He's licked the eye.
Here comes No-Mo.
I mean, it's Mojo up onto the stage.
Here's a clone.
He is not alive.
His feet are bigger than his regular body.
So something's wrong with the cloning device.
He's electrocuting himself.
Some of them are shorting.
Now, three of them are shorting out.
The goth kids are going crazy.
Oh, my God.
They're penetrating themselves.
They're prostrating themselves.
One little blind girl fell down on the floor.
She's being trampled down.
She's being trampled down.
That's why we waited till tonight to tell you.
Oh, this is terrible.
Oh, my God.
We cloned them.
Just hundreds and hundreds of little Fridays dancing around the giant alien.
There's no individuals left.
The room is full of clones dancing.
And as you see that,
the prenatal fire's getting real bright.
It's starting to burn around the edges of the tent.
The smoke's getting...
It's climbing higher now.
Oh, my God.
A thousand tiny Papa Joes.
That's about 2,000 tiny Fridays.
A thousand tiny Papa Joes.
An endless civilization of pain.
It's an ill description.
A terrible thought to hold in your mind for longer than five seconds.
At the sixth second,
all those lower parts of your body start to release.
You know, your sphincter and your gastrointestinal glands.
They all start to release the biler fluids.
And then those feisty, fighting, pain in the ass fluids.
And you just...
That's what happens.
You get that feeling.
This is hard medicine to swallow for some.
Oh, we're back.
We're back in the station.
I can't get enough of it myself.
Dave, shut the airlock.
No.
No, I already shut it, man.
Stop leaving it open, man.
Well, I think that red light is something else.
I already shut the airlock.
His moon pants are breached, too.
If you leave the moon pants...
Those ain't mine.
If you leave the airlock open,
Mojo and Friday will zip out through the little hole.
Because Friday told me she wanted to zip out through the little hole.
And Mojo is the zip that's flying out of the little hole.
He's been looking for the little hole to zip out of for...
Yeah.
Yeah.
Please tell me, is the devil still pursuing you?
Is there still law?
There's still law.
Yes.
But how can there be love without the father?
He hasn't left us.
That is what I will tell the others.
That is what I will tell the others.
That is what I will tell the others.
That is what I will tell the others.
That is what I will tell the others.



But friends, let's discuss the simple practical matter.
It was so convenient last year
when the world was supposed to end on Sunday.
And this time, well, gosh,
it just so happens to fall on a Monday.
And I guess there are some folks who are saying to themselves,
oh, well, I'm going to go to Brushwood
and celebrate the coming cataclysmic judgment
up until Sunday night.
Up until Sunday.
Up until Sunday night.
Then I've got to be ready to go back to work
by Monday morning at 8 a.m.
just in case the exes fail to arrive at 7 o'clock
like they did last time.
Backslider!
You are a backslider!
You twist that knife.
You have stuck that knife in the bob and twisted it.
Twisted it!
When you show such lack of faith.
Because friends, as we all know,
a subgenius cannot be ruptured
while it is clocked in
and working,
for the conspiracy.
So, Sunday night and Monday morning,
are you going to let your stinking earth job
come before eternal salvation?
Why should you?
Do you really think that job's still going to be there after all?
And no matter what happens,
God damn it,
the other religions all have their religious holidays.
We only ask for one.
July 5th is our main religious holiday.
Therefore, you should get off work paid.
And you should insist on it.
And if you don't, you're pink.
So I don't want to see any of you faithless fuckers
leaving this campground Sunday night.
We'll be up at the top of the hill
mocking you.
If you can't get off earth,
at least get off work.
At some time,
in the track of human decay,
the Morlocks' food would have to have run short.
The beasts of the field,
as provided so generously in the Bible,
had run their course.
Possibly the Morlocks had lived for a time
on rats or other vermin.
Or perhaps,
man's prejudice against human flesh
is not a deep-seated instinct after all.
All the while,
Weena slept beside,
unable to conceive of her fate.
Some of you, I know,

somehow,
the Eloi knew to fear the Morlocks.
But not why.
But you know, every...
Gosh, it seems like every X day is the same, friends.
Only a few hours left to go,
and yet we still run around going through our days
acting as if all those words were true.
As if all those bills had to be paid.
As if we had to keep on acting civil,
or even human.
As if we even had to keep wiping our butts.
But yet it really is coming.
Of course it is coming.
It's so hard to believe.
It's so hard to believe because maybe it's just
too good to believe.
Maybe that's the problem.
Maybe it's just too good for us
lowly, wretched subgeniuses
to believe that it could happen.
That a mere $30 in Bob's pocket
would buy us a spaceship
the size of a planet.
Each!
Or to buy us...
revenge, my friends.
Revenge!
Well, for those that are into that,
personally, I'll probably kill a few of my old enemies
and then I'm out of here, man.
I'm off.
I will get off, my friends!
I will get off!
And if the X is...
Hell, I'm gonna stay right here at Brushwood
until I get off, until I get my escape vessel.
And I hope I see you
here Monday morning,
July 5th, 1999, if...
you know,
maybe just even if we don't see each other
here at Brushwood, we'll see each other on the saucers.
Once you get your saucer, invite me over, would ya?
Invite me over to my saucer, just so...
Hey, Reverend Stang!
And Muam will telepathically beam that message into my head.
He'll forward it like email.
Come on over to my joint, Reverend Stang.
We'll have us a party.
I got a real good Martian Grand Canyon I built here.
I made trees look like Salvador Dali trees.
And I got the best prop in the universe.
Muam said,
We'll party, man!
And if I happen to be enjoying building my own Grand Canyon
on my escape vessel,
I'll just send a robot in my place.
My buddy'll never know the difference.
All of this, friends, all of this,
for a measly $30.
And every one of you here paid it, I betcha.
Welcome aboard, friends.
Now, recently,
well, actually, it was a few years ago,
Bob Dobbs said to his young ward,
Onan Canobite, who's probably here,
he said,
Onan, I'm gonna pose you a riddle.
How many conspiracies,
it's kind of a joke,
how many conspiracies does it take
to oppress all subgeniuses
all over the entire world, all through history?
One!
One is all it takes!
And he said,
Onan, do you know what the one thing
that all of your enemies have in common?
You!
You!
If I, never mind.
We'll do it when we do it.
Kill him all up.
We're basking in slack right now.
Oh yeah, look at his bass.
He just basking right out,
hanging out in the open.
How come we never
discussed the basks problem?
And the bass situation?
The poor bass people have been a people
for nine, six, thousand years now,
and the Spaniards and the Frenchies
always want to keep them in their,
you know, in their little hilly towns.
Like the squabbles of mites on a plum.
on. Yeah, I'm sorry.
Well, didn't the Nazis go to the trouble
to bomb them? The Basques?
Like in the Spanish Civil War? Yeah, so they're
not completely ignored.
The Nazis bombed everybody like we do.
Well, that's true. Because the people
there get bombed, so they think it's the right
thing to do, is drop bombs on everybody
else. We just drop a
bass call down into the water
and they'd come right up to it. Oh, a bass call.
Oh, a fish call.
Swim up with their little snorkel fins
and their skin diver suits
and then we'd just drop dynamite
in and stun them. It usually didn't kill
them, but they'd float to the top, belly up.
Then you'd just go around and whack them.
You'd dig them.
And lift them up into the boat.
In Japan, they get some of them mermaids that way?
In Japan, they just
fry them mermaids whole. They're still
squiggling. My houseboat don't smell like
fish for that reason.
What reason do they smell like fish for?
Where'd Dave go?
He fell.
He fell into a... Wow, you just kind of
dissipated there. Dave, we were looking right...
Both of us were staring right at you
and you just sort of like...
It sounded like a hole he zipped out.
He had hair around it and he fell right in.
We could see through you for just a second
there, too, and your voice seemed
really far away. Well, that's...
I was fading into another dimension now.
You were in your interdimensional shifts, but I was
thinking about...
I want to go to the first dimension.
I was a low D. I was...
I want to go to the first dimension. I just want to go to the
point. Well, that's what they said
God originally was, was just a point.
Don't you have to mix two...
Look at your head in the mirror sometimes, Chad.
...with ice and PCP to be
one-dimensional, to really just...
Really. ...get down to the point. That is true.
If you were to take a lot of PCP, you would understand
being a one-dimensional creature.
You would. You do. You are.
That's what they are. See, that
means a bunch of people in different dimensions
coexist with us. Help, I'm a rock.
Jump in a black hole,
and you'd find out what one dimension is.
Mm-hmm. Just squash down a little singularity.
Yeah, but how could you do that, you know,
conceivably without astral traveling?
Just jump. Just jump.
People just lack the courage to just jump.
Just follow Bob into the abyss.
Look for that blindfolded
man with a pipe, and follow him
off that cliff. Just jump. So you're saying
the abyss is all around us, right?
That there's nothing above or below?
Find yourself a black hole and jump.
That easy. You can make the black
hole at home in your kitchen.
How do you do that with a little bit of
vinegar and baking soda? Well, there's a few
other ingredients. You need a little neutron matter.
I don't know. I've heard a bit of
disgusting on the radio. These kids will try that at home.
You need one of those reverse centrifuges
that create suction instead
of an outward... Oh, you have a little bit
of panty matter. You can do it in a funny way.
Panty matter would work. Panty matter works fine.
I heard if you put a hand of glory
in a microwave and just let it go for about
six hours... You get a glory hole.
You get a glory hole.
That's right. And anything will go into that.
And anything comes out of it, so there,
you go. It always...
It always comes out the
other side. Who's got the panty
matter? Friday's got to have some.
She's got a myth. She's
disappeared again. Well, she
probably fell into another one. She's playing the guitar
and that her in the background.
Oh, let's listen to her.
She's rocking, man.
She's really good.
For somebody who doesn't
frop, she's a damn good
guitar player.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.






Yeah.
Yeah.






She's really good.
Right.
Well, not...
Actually, this was a solo part that nobody
played a solo in. Everyone did rhythm.
Listen, listen.
There was supposed to be solos in there,
but Dave played rhythm, Michelle played
rhythm.
I was doing a solo, but it wasn't a
music point.
Mojo was doing the solo. That's who was
doing the solo.
That skin flute solo right there.
Skinny on a skin flute.
That's what I was doing.
That's what you're going to do.
That's what you're going to do.
That's what you're going to do.

See, that's what happened to what's-his-name, the third man on the sun.
Who was the third man to walk on?
Pete Conrad.
Pete Conrad.
All hail Pete Conrad.
Praise Pete Conrad and rest in space, hopefully.
You are on.
You are on.
We're on.
From up here in the escape vessels, we see the Earth blinking and winking down below.
There are some garbled signals, though, coming through as we look out the windows.
Either the moon or the planet Mercury was passing across the sun's disk.
Naturally, at first, I took it to be the moon.
But there's much to incline me to believe that what I really saw was the transit of an inner planet passing very near to the Earth.
The darkness grew apace.
A cold wind began to blow in freshening gusts from the east, and the showering white flakes in the air increased in number.
From the edge of the sea came a ripple and whisper.
Beyond these lifeless sounds.
The world was silent.
Silent?
It would be hard to convey the stillness of it.
One by one, the distant peaks vanished into blackness.
Shadow of the eclipse crept toward me, and the sky was absolutely black.
A horror of this great darkness came on me.
I felt I was fainting, but a terrible dread of lying helpless in that remote and awful twilight sustained me while I climbed back into the time machine.
One day I was completely engulfed.
But this ancient human mastiff stood back and assured me, while a tattered cloud of
light Traveled energetically free?
Did he have some okay?
Never mind.
Oh, you told him!
of my gauge ran back to the starting point, the old familiar walls of the laboratory came
around me, and very gently now, I slowed the mechanism down, and I stopped.
And found myself in the lair of the hour of slack of the church of the subgenius and friends
for information on the church of the subgenius and all its evil children and progenitors.
Please write a to him about that.
Post office box 140306, Dallas, Texas.
75214.
Pull that chain.
75214.
And friends, we've been listening to a lot of Einstein's Secret Radio from the WCSB Swamp Radio show
of July 15th after XX Day.
We've been hearing live recordings from XX Day, the DeVival.
Also with ESO in the background.
Why he's just so nepotistic around here.
And some old red tape on books of the time machine, H.G. Wells' fantastic classic,
which I've probably read about a dozen times.
And friends, it's just so okay to be back on Earth still.
Darn it.
You know, we'll make do.
We'll make do.
We'll make do.


One more year.
In the background is Einstein's Secret Orchestra CD, their first CD, Swamp Radio.
Actually, it's called Witch Disco.
And you can write for information on Einstein's Secret Orchestra at P.O. Box 81555, Cleveland, Ohio.
That's Box 81555, Cleveland, Ohio.

4-4-1-8-1.
Ah, yes, and we'll be back next week with The Trial of Papa Joe Mama.
Yeah, although I've got to go to Starwood in between.
No telling what could happen there.
Talk about the lair of the termite queen.
Oh, lordy, lordy, lordy.
Hey, casburgh, what's the fourth you got here?
Tell us what happened.





