But stay tuned for our Halloween pledge drive and voting drive show tonight.
Ought to be a nasty show. I'm feeling a bit rinnish tonight.
Yeah, okay.
I'll tell you what, we're going to get into all that. Don't worry, man. Don't worry. You don't have no program.
Just relax. When I say toilet paper, that's when you come rolling out, okay?
Well, can you do all the things recorded in 1738 in the Benjamin Franklin Studios?
Some of my friends have prepared a song that they desire you to hear, and I would appreciate it if you would listen to it.
Also, please play it for your friends, and even after election day, please run it off once in a while to remind you that I am in Washington,
and we're going to get into all that.

We'll be watching out for your interest. The song will now be sung by the Lang and Glee Club.
Are you a vampire, Melvin Laird? Are you a lame vampire?
Are you caught in the Transylvanian transvestite time trap, Melvin Laird?
The geese of Canada quack, quack, or the ducks of derision late at night when the moon is full?
Do you creep?
Do you creep from the crypt and flit from throat to throat, Melvin Laird?
Cause I saw you grinning with a drool dripping on the TV screen, testifying with your vacant voice for the ABM machine.
I could swear I saw two fangs touching the microphone, so I'm carrying my wafer, I'm carrying my cross, just in case I find you breathing down my neck.
In the silent halls of...
Congress, Melvin Laird.
Are you a vampire, Melvin Laird? Are you a lame vampire?
And it's starting with verse 1 of chapter 4. It says,
Dear friends, do not believe every spirit, but test the spirits to see whether they are from God,
because many false prophets have gone out into the world.
It is a quest.
It's a quest for Bob.
We're going to bomb the entire Cleveland area tonight.
Yet again.
Yes!
We are uber women going into Kinko's to make thousands of bomb faces.
Thousands and thousands.
Thousands and thousands.
Thousands of bomb faces.
Billions upon billions.
And then we're going to scatter them.
Yay!
Yay!
Unto the masses.
Unto the masses.
And 1 Timothy 4.1 says that there are false prophets that go around teaching doctrines of devils.
This is a doctrine that I follow the devil.
2 Chronicles 11.
14-15.
It says, don't be surprised because the Satan will appear as an angel of light.
I know you think, well, it's just an innocent, fun little holiday for kids to go out and dress up.
Well, we need to, you know, to really investigate and find out what the origins.
And we need to be honest with ourselves and say,
Now take a look around and see what can be found.
A bicycle seat can be pretty neat.
An electric toothbrush will give you a rush.
A handy cucumber is a fine number.
A dozen drumsticks.
Won't make you tick.
And don't forget.
We told you so.
Get loose.
Float juice.
The best sex can be found at home.
All by yourself.
Sitting alone.
Get loose.
Float juice.
You got ten fingers?
Use them, baby.
Every time you get out of my clutches, you turn into a punk rocker.
Or whatever you are again.
It just never fails.
That's the way they want you.
They want you a bum.
Lose your job.
Lose your car.
Just like it used to be.
When you ran around with them.
And you're starting the same thing again.
So I'll tell you what.
The best thing for you to do is keep away from me.
Because I don't want no part of it.
Until you can shape up.
Change your look.
Get rid of that blonde hair.
Go back to normal.
And get off the drugs and the booze.
And quit running around with those kind of girls you run around with.
What?
Who am I?
I'm the record.
Genie the record.
Genie the magic record.
Why, I can do anything.
Oh, you don't think so?
Well, I'll prove it.
Alakazoot, I'm a whistle.
That was easy.
Alakazing, I'm...
The Self Genius Hour of Squat.
Here is your host.
I was shown on my inner eyelids the true history of this planet.
It is one of amazement.
And it's gold.
Yes, I said gold.
It's gold.
It's more impressive.
And more wonderful than any, any, any religious or any superstitious nonsense that has been
propagated to keep the hybrids going.
To keep them pointed in one direction.
Bob.
Bob.
Please, Bob.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
This is Li Liqing.
A Chinese.
Genius.
And you are listening to the Hour of Slack on KNON in Dallas, Texas.
Remember, Bob is a comrade of all people.
Here in China, just like in America.
The people need slack.
In Chinese, we call slack Lu Tianpai.
But it must be true slack.
Not the bad slack of the conspiracy.
It's a good thing.
That's right, yeah.











And it's, it's, it's, it's ludicrous.
It is absolutely crazy.
How can we as, I mean, I mean, we look back in history and we think, you know, where
they were primitive people, you know, they were practicing these, these, these, these
crazy rituals and, you know, and these crazy traditions of spirit worship and things.
Hey, man, wake up.
Nothing's changed.
You go to MJ Designs and you've got four aisles full of ghosts, goblins, witches, and, you know, and death and gloom.
And, you know, and what is going on here?
We need to realize that all we've done is just become more sophisticated in the same area.
We need to stand up against it.
We need to say no.
I will change.
We didn't leave with Lucifer.
The telephone rang.
It would not stop this President Kennedy calling me up.
He said, my friend Bob, what do we need to make the country grow?
I said, my friend John.
The subgenius must have flat!
The subgenius must have flat!
When you look down the street, it's like the city's getting ready for a Bob parade or something, man.
I mean, there's like, you just look down the street and there's like Bob staring at you.
He's a giant Bob.
Bob has a little one.
And we telephone, Paul.
We made them in day glow colors.
Big orange colors.
Yeah, and they look like Halloween bobs.
And pink.
You can see the pink ones really well, too.
Yes!
Oh, God, they're great.
And then, and then I saw her.
She was a bright red 64 GTO with fins and gills like some giant piranha fish.
Some obscene phallic.
She's a umbrella model on the road back in the
90s.
I was still red.


No.

I love the.
Hold on.
Hold on.
And at that moment, I thought of my mother.
That was easy.
Alakazing, I'm a telephone.
You don't have to answer that.
It's only me.
Now I've noticed.
Good morning.
Good morning, patrol.
I'll make you smile and I'll make you laugh
as I spin around on your phonograph.
Round and round I go.
Ouch!
Oops!
Be careful with that needle.
It scratches.
I'm sure glad you turned me over.
That fuzz on the phonograph
tickles.
I'll bet I can sing
Farmer in the Dell faster than you can.
The farmer in the Dell.
The farmer in the Dell.
Stop, stop.
Did you sing it that fast?
Oh, you did.
Well, I bet I can sing it even faster than that.
And there was no sound at all.
But the clock upon the wall.
And the door burst open wide.
And my daddy stepped inside.
And he kissed my mama's face.
And he brushed her tears away.
Oh, that's right.
It's the Princess Wee and Sister Mary Square Show.
Oh, that's right.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
The magic is twisted.
Crazy.
Oops-shooby.
Hip-flip city.
My analyst told me that I was right out of my head.
But I said, dear doctor, I think that it's you instead.
Because I have got a thing that's unique and new.
To prove it, I'll have the last laugh on you.
Because instead of one head, I've got two.
And you know two heads are better than one.
Hey, man, don't badmouth the head.
Hey, we got a reward.
The head is cool.
I do not wish to appear stupid.
I do not wish to appear stupid.
Inside my steamer trunk, my eight-year-old son was losing his hair.
What shall I do?
What shall I do?
I do not wish to appear stupid.
Uh, so for all I know, maybe these.
Oh, yes.
Oh, we got this.
This is one of the callers that wanted to meet Reverend.
Spang at a cheap motel.
That comes with a $200 pledge.
Yeah.
Uh.

Uh.
Sire, there is no more money.
We gotta get some money.
That dirty Turkish hunk of a fat flat.
Well, tonight, dear friends, we're going to try a new money raising technique.
It's real simple.
The more you pay us, the funnier and yet, and yet more biting and trenchant and perceptive
our wonderful show will be.
Now, so far, only a few people have called in, so the show is still fairly silly and
immature, although still, no doubt, better than anything on television.
Eh?
Uh, wait a minute.
Hi, Waldo.
How the hell are you?
God, we're just having a little break.
Well, don't have a cow, Waldo.
Let's you and me go see what's cooking up at Bud's.
You mean where the corn dogs are puffing?
Hot chars?
That's right.
I'm going to go get some corn dogs.





Hey, Waldo, are you ready?
You?
Nope.
I'm afraid, dear friends, you aren't ready.
That one, that one's just, we haven't even reached that level of intelligence yet because
you haven't paid enough.
As more people pledge, the material in the show will gradually become more relevant,
more timely, more sophisticated, and when we've raised 500 bucks, we'll turn the wit
factor up to .5 degrees.
At $700, we'll achieve pithiness levels above, well above 97%.
And when we reach, dear friends, when we reach our goal of 1,000 American dollars tonight,
when we reach that point, if we can reach that tonight, by then it will be the greatest
audio production in the entire universe.
Now, for now, it's still pretty simple.

Stupid, I guess, and because we're not going to be smart for nothing, friends, we're subgeniuses.
We must have slack or money because, well, for instance, as it says here in Slackalonians
425, he was delivered, de-kidneyed, and eviscerated for our sins and was regurgitated from the
Gorge of Living Death, even for the justification of these, our grins.
Dobbs did not die, my dear radio listener, my un-pledging radio listener.
Dobbs did not die because he had to.
Wellman chose to kill him on stage for ye and everyone, but mainly for his own reasons.


These being unknowable and ineffable.
This man was glad-handed over and out to you by Dobbs' set purpose and knowledge, and you,
speaking to the people of Dobbstown, even with the second helping of Rugo's pinkish-eyed
ones, put him to death by nailing him to the crosshairs of Wellman's gun cycle.
For the sake of the people of Dobbstown, I have no reason to be happy.



For Bob so shoved the world that he gave up his only besotted Sunday Supplement subscribers,
that he rather than they should have the effulgence of Slack unending, in order that they be sure
to endure eternal lice, yea, to itch his own even unto the hind end of the world.
The End.

And yet Dobbs regurgitated, freeing his epoptitude from the agony of Slacklessness, for it was
impossible for Nii-Gi, whose grunt is Nii, to keep its hold on him.
Dobbs went out on stage throughout the night of Slack for ye and everyone to prepare the
way for us to leave the house.
Moronicus too.

Bob, who being in very nature, or Dobbs, did not consider equality with anti-Bob something
to be grasped, clutched, or palpated, but rather smoked in his living pipe like a fine
burly or rum-soaked shag, he himself nothing taking the very nay, sure, taking instead
the very nature of a salesman, never taking no for an answer.
And being in a position to say, I am a salesman, I am a salesman, I am a salesman, I am a salesman,
is the regurgitatedarts, grows sufficient.

dark of agalic LauraPC.
Not all that Essexian d handed out to ih almostTVto Grissom, but the flawlessойти
to the word.
Andall the good goods, in carnal olive, bargain-place, and holyness of the universe, too, drew
in Kathy'sத Swedish joke, at the veryфoe the boldest of them all and in the mostaptive
tone, a serious par Heaven in the world.





soil the tops of his shoes.
And now we are engaged in a great civil war,
testing whether this cult, that cult, or for that matter, any cult, should so long endure.
We are met on a great potter's field of that war.
These bland pinks, living and dead, shall little note nor long remember what we do here.
By the way, I forget, what is it that we are doing here?
Oh yeah, it is for we the living to confess that J.R. Bob Dobbs is dead
to the infinite gratification of Jehovah One, the Father,
senile, infinitely maligned space god.
Jesus came here as a servant, but Dobbs came as a salesman, pre-scriptures 2019.
And he came unto the daughters of the farmers,
and knew them well.
When there was no room for him to be by himself during the night.
And in the morning, before the sunrise, he continued traveling upon his route,
so that the franchise might not be usurped.
Yea, and to this day, it never hath been so.
Bobbs is still the route.
Bobbs is still the franchise.
And now, dear friends,
as soon as possible, we will be back.
Sister Basilica passes out among you as she sniffs the contents of the collection plate.
Each and every one of you, dear friends, should reach down, deep down, and give.
Huh!
Friends, give!
To the church of the powerful, blinding apostasy,
which fears no throne, but exults in its own freedom to scatter its fundaments on the earth,
soiling the uppers of its shoes,
to let down the inward-produced product of its concentration,
fertilizing the fields of science, sorcery, art, and religion.
Ah!
Ah!
For, lo, the frop cloudeth my brain, and my buckler and shield are ripped away.
I am naked before thee, Bobbs, all nagoi, thou who hast unbuckled me.

I have unbuckled my buckler and unsnapped my shield, which was my sole protection.
Yea, my buckler being so unbuckled, I am even as a pobucker buck naked before Bobb.
Bobb dashes a bucket of ice water over my loins.
The buck path is not for the buck and the doe dwell in the same forest.
The buck is Bobb.
He is bucking tradition.
He changeth brickbats into buckets.
He changes the field to a field.




of bucks bucks bucks yay bucks bucks but awkward bucks difficult to explain away i am chicken
before my epop yay foul like the birds of the ground neuroticus 13 six oh sick sick sick is
this world oh bob who hath be slimed to the ground after thee even like unto the slugs and snails of
the garden whose chambered shells we step on and crush inadvertently oh thou art not the healer but
the pharmacist for thou dost sell unto us thy remedy of slack and it is unto us that we pay
over to you the price the price bob which thou dost ask namely all that we have and we shall
call that into our beloved radio station which presents your words which we know we would
never hear
on any other kind of station a station which needs so much money and we shall put it therefore
in the envelope and send it in for the excess are nearly upon us and the sale ends tomorrow
oh going out of business all prices slashed everything must go
you
so ask not upon what day shall the tithe be sent for unless ye know otherwise every day is dob's day
and ye never know when the master cometh again and again amen and praise bob and in fact praise
dr.
howell
who actually wrote that
extremely areodite sounding and verbose
at this level our salesman can see the top of the ladder and as well on his waving
a revolting genetic accident take your smelly shell elsewhere see general buyback see how well ye Obeyе
he obeyes me he is loath to serve his law absorbed and password φ chief- Personalberger I rhythmically reduced nonsense is no longer of use


Loyal.
Stupid, but loyal.
But, little listeners, you may ask, is there hope?
Listen, you little listeners, whistling in the glistening mists.
Listen to these inspirational words from the Book of Lies,
Chapter 10, Bankruptcy, Verse 10, Ever.
The passage runs, and I quote.
If you be tired, if you've got that rundown feeling,
remember, you're not just anybody.
You're special.
You are living proof that God does not exist.
Yes, you, little listener,
if you're like most of the people who listen to this show,
are proof that no supreme being could ever exist.
The phones aren't ringing.
That phone number to get us to...
I've got a tape here that will absolutely blow your mind.
I was about to shift into the serious, socially relevant political part.
I've got material here.
This tape is so timely and so new that Joe Paulino and Mr. Trocar,
I believe that's his name,
a tow car, in San Francisco FedExed this thing to me
so I could get it on the air.
I've got a tape here before the election.
Actually, I've got a bunch of stuff that would be real good before the election.
I would like to play that material.
It's timely and urgent.
That's right.
But this is...
The point is, you're not going to hear this in any other station around here.
You're not going to hear anything even remotely like it.
So...
Well, my name is George.
You might have heard of me.
I ran the CIA back in 73.
Straight out of Kennebunkport.
I'm a Texas resident.
In 1980, I became vice president.
Hostage deals?
Never heard of that poop.
Contras and drugs?
I was out of the loop.
Besides, no one cares.
That's plain to see.
Because in 88, you elected me.
Eight years, a second string to the gipper.
Finally, I got the ball.
Well, I sold some arms to my buddy Saddam.
He turned around and gave Kuwait the slam.
So, I kicked his butt, bombed Iraq to rubble,
killed a bunch of schoolgirls,
killed kids without any trouble,
sent in the US team.
Yep, we cleared the benches,
buried Iraqi boys alive in the trenches.
Now, gasoline's cheap.
The message is plain.
Mess with our oil, you'll feel the pain.
At least your noncombatants will.
We're hell on decoys, too.
One day, my son Neil called me on the phone.
He said, dad, about this little savings and loan
called Silverado, it was giving him trouble.
And one day, it would burst like a big fat bubble.
I said, don't worry, son.
I'll save your neck.
I'll save your neck. I'll save your neck.

The US voters are gonna pick up the check
for all the SNLs.
And hey, that's not all.
You just wait till the rest of the bank system falls.
Never have trusted banks?
Put your money in plastics, I've always said.
Well, I went to Japan,
and I met a whole bunch of bigwigs there.
Then I lost my lunch.
The Japanese prime minister, he took it in stride.
He called for his limo, and we went for a ride.
He said, George, that stuff you barfed on my shoe
was our biggest US import since 82.
Yep, we own your fashion.

We run your banks.
George, you gave us the store.
By the way, thanks.
Very polite people, the Japanese.
You know they drive on the left side of the road?
It's been a great four years.
Just look what I've done.
We're the biggest debtor nation that's under the sun.
Unemployment's up.
A million people in jail.
The whole social system is ready to fail.
Abortion's still legal.
That's a matter of time.
You may believe Anita, but Clarence Thomas is mine.
So I'm out of here.
Done my Republican share to send the country off to God knows
where.
It's the Democrats' turn.
Let them do what they can.
We'll be back in 96 with a man named Dan.
Quail, that is.
Hey, you think that's scary?
Just wait till Pat Robertson runs.
Hey, you think Marilyn will let Barr and me visit the Oval
Office for old time's sake?
What?
Not conservative enough?
Why, I gave that boy a start.
Hell, I was in Dallas in 63 when he was in Knickers.
James, my Haldol, please.
Oh, yes.
Dear friends.
The George Bush.
Farewell.
Well, rap by Tokar and Paulino there in San Francisco.
And did you know that KNON, spelled backwards, is N-O-N-K?
NONK?
And that Dallas, said backwards, is SALAD?
And did you know that Cleveland backwards is D-O-N-K?
D-O-N-K.




And the one they don't know is KNON.
A-N-N-Y.
EPA, I top it off, you don't.
Press A, AND A LEVEL C.
HAVE YOU BEEN THERE OR ARE YOU STILL UP ON LEVEL A?
GET DOWN TO THE LEVEL C.

AND YOU WILL SEE.
THAT.
I have never heard such an eloquent description of the genetic compost here.
It is a mighty compost, isn't it?
Yep, Cleveland Backwards is DNA level C.
It's backmasking.
Did you know that if you take the phrase, Jesus loves you, and play it backwards on a rock and roll album,
and this is serious, this is true, the phrase, Jesus loves you, backwards, comes out as, we smell sausage.
But if you take the phrase, Bob loves you, and play it backwards, it says, we smell Bob.
By the way, that was discovered by an Akron, Ohio subject.
A genius alumnus, Mark Mothersbaugh, discovered that on his fancy computer doohickey, and informed us.
It used to be on his answer machine.
You know, I have a lot, a lot to thank Cleveland.
Mark Mothersbaugh was in Devo.
Yeah, he went in Devo.
He was in the Devo.
He was in the Devo.
That was a great band.
He used to whip it.
A whole lot of subgenius mutant hierarchs came from this area.
And some other things.
Especially Akron, especially the Akron area.
Palmer.
Vreedies of the Lies Foundation.
Yeah.
And, well, I guess that's about it.
I guess that's about it.
Now, how many, and now, Cleveland is pumping out like a gigantic zit, erupting with subgenius madness.
Pope Jimbo.
Pope Jimbo.
Pope Jimbo, I hope you're listening.
We thank you.
Well, I don't think we should announce over there what we have to thank.
We thank Pope Jimbo for in Cleveland.
I got some letters from certain, well, committees and, well, the city government requesting that the Subgenius Foundation cease and desist.
And, Senator, I stand here to tell you that Pope Jimbo had nothing to do with any of that.
No, no, no.
You can't blame.
And I don't know who he is.
I don't know his real name.
And I'm not going to meet him tomorrow.
Well, okay, you've alluded to this man, and now you're not going to talk about him.
And now you're not going to talk about him.
Well, actually, I am going to meet him tomorrow, but I didn't want anyone to know that.
Because I don't know yet.
I'm not allowed to.
Is he a real hierophant?
I mean, does your church have a hierarchy?
You mentioned a hierarchy.
I thought you were gifted.
A rigid, rigid hierarchy.
A rigid hierarchy.
Well, I thought the only hierarchy was Bob itself, himself.
Well, it's sort of like the Sunnis and the Shiites, you know.
I forget which is which.
I think the Sunnis and the Shiites.
The Sunnis believe that there is no intermediary between God and man and Allah, all of it.
You know, everybody's their own preacher.
But then the Shiites believe that there are these imams.
Imams, yes.
Yeah, imams who stand in between.
And edmams.
And they're actual spokespeople for all of that and God and so forth.
As we all are.
Yeah, and some of the subgeniuses are Sunni subgeniuses.
We're imams.
We're imams.





And then there's the other subgeniuses that hate the hierarchy and think we're a
whole bunch of fascist show-offs and blabbermouths.
We should be burned at the stakes.
Yeah.
And then there's those who recognize that, in fact, we are closer to Bob than you pathetic
mere mortals out there with your $20 membership.
Oh, I meant to remember, and all of, I'm gonna tell Bob on you.
I'm on you.
You see there?
Christ, is that easily done?
I don't know.
I heard a preacher on the radio one time saying, I'm gonna tell Bob on you.
I'm on you.


gonna tell god on me i thought well what a concept now that guy's a shiite he don't know shiite
and i don't know sunnis got no use for the sunnis i like the shiites um because i'm one of them you
know emops i just want you to stop combing your hair and kiss me you're the maximum utmost
well i'm beamed in a dreamsville and i'm moving right now
because that's the kind of scene that i dig baby you're the ginchiest
my bob hit is down
we're stimpified and we're stimpified
don't be deeply stimpied and round stimpied and round
something bob is coming
hey
well i went to the drug store
and what did i buy
a blank cassette papers papers
isn't this my little one
isn't this my little one
any day
and i's
while i use the batman comes back up hard to show them the story there isn't a Christmas fancfen
going up on his shit
left the affection is a good sign
radio sire there is no more money we gotta get some money i mean this when this show ends if
you haven't helped the station what you know as reality is going to come to a crashing halt
you see what i mean
well you're going to pledge
don't pledge all you gotta do is call the station oh but now you're sitting on your
butt you're probably not going to vote either are you yeah oh that's too much trouble
and pledge or if i don't have a card or a job and i i'm alienated god man quit sitting around
whining uh i mean make your mark stand up and be counted to vote for the least of three
eviles that worship at the church of your choice send this station
your vote
money. I mean, we don't care who you vote for, Clinton. Well, we do, but we won't tell you who,
we won't, we won't tell you who to vote for. Bush and Perot hate you. Now, which do you want,
dear friends? I mean, you, this is, it's your time to make a choice. Uh, you can have the nice,
powerful shadow government that can do anything it wants for its own country club buddies without
telling you and at your expense, or you can have some commie who's so treasonous and un-American
that he smoked pot and slept around and was against the Vietnam war. Or you can have a
raving lunatic billionaire. Bless old Ross Perot's heart. You know, really he's the classic
rogue unsaved subgenius, but he's still just crazy as a tree full of fish.
Friends, come on now.
Uh, uh,
well,
I bet you Bush wins. I bet he does. That's my prediction. George Bush is going to win. Why?
Cause you, cause you're too tragically hip to actually go out and vote or pledge. You're too
hip to pledge. Oh no, man. I'm just gonna, I don't have a conscience. It doesn't matter.
Bleeding heart, bad, invulnerable heart. Good. I'm just so cool. Now friends,
if Clinton,
if Clinton gets elected and takes away all our guns and makes them teach communism and drugs and
homosexuality in the schools, along with witchcraft and forced, uh, pregnancy abortion combinations
every nine months and evolution, well, I'll be real surprised actually, because I don't think
you'll really see much of a change at all. And that's the sad thing, my friends, the conspiracy
is so much bigger than the Republicans.
Oh,
yeah.
Democrats. Cause they're all just a bunch of normals and they'll do anything to pass the buck
after taking as much of that buck as they possibly can. And it ain't going to change.
No, sir. Not in our lifetime. Ain't going to change a bit.
You know, they're all out to do it to you. Every one of them.
The other day I had to spend all day long dealing with a lawsuit, evidence of somebody stealing Bob's name to put on their record album so that it would sell better because they didn't really have their own name.
And so instead of working on our new book, I had to go deal with the trademark infringement evidence.
Ironic that we'd be suing somebody for copyright infringement.
I know, but this was extreme. I mean, this isn't like what we do. This is more like what they do.
Your friends like what you're doing to us sitting here listening, going,
I ain't going to pay no money. I ain't going to vote for you. I'm going to stupid, stupid, stupid.
8237490 friends. Cause the same day I had to deal with that lawsuit, I was in the post office sending out truth and I dropped my checkbook.
The subgenius foundation checkbook.
And after waiting in line for half an hour, I realized that I dropped the checkbook and I ran back out looking for it while there was a man in the lobby holding the checkbook.
And he looked at me, said, is this yours? And I said, yeah.
And he handed it to me and he said, could you give me some money for returning your checkbook?
And friend, I, I looked at him and a sort of a.
A.
Grin of stupefaction.
And I just, I knew just what to do.
I pulled up my wallet.
He wanted a reward for returning my lost object.
So I pulled up my wallet and I offered him everything I had in there, which was $1.
He took my last dollar.
They all want a piece of your friends.
A vote is not a piece of you.
It's taking a piece out of the other one.
See.
Not voting does not show the system that you refuse to be a part of it.
Same with not pledging.
They'll just assume that you're too stupid to fight it.
And they'll be absolutely right.
And if you don't vote and pledge to your radio station that plays the hour of slack, your Reverend staying is going to be a shame.
I'm ashamed.
I'm going to tell Bob on you.
I'm going to tell Bob on you.
You, you can all pledge five bucks.
Every one of you has can pledge five bucks.
If you've got enough brains to appreciate this show, then five bucks should be no problem.
Only laziness could explain you're not sending five bucks.
And though I dearly love slack, I detest laziness.
They are not the same thing.
Slack and laziness aren't.
Do not let your butt rot.
Get off of it.
Call.
Pledge.
Vote.
Send in the money.
In that order.
Call.
Pledge.
Vote.
Send in the money.
Call.
Pledge.
Vote.
Send in the money.
What you believe tonight is the single most most important separating issue of this play.
Where the people are more or less treated as objects to be programmed during the campaign with commercials and media events and fear messages and personal attacks and things of that nature.
Anything goes.
We can ask anything.
Anything goes.
Anything goes.
We can ask anything.
This issue is an issue that divides Americans and the people.
I'll talk about that a little bit later, but the changes are mind-goggling.
There will be a giant sucking sound going south.
There will be a giant sucking sound going south.
How long can we continue with trickle-down economics?
Change for change's sake.
Change for change's sake.
Change for change's sake.
Isn't enough.
You'll have a shot at me in four years and you can vote me right out if you think I've done a lousy job.
You'll have a shot at me in four years and you can vote me right out if you think I've done a lousy job.
And I would welcome you to do that.
I've been and I say.
I would have voted with the majority if it was a close vote.
But I agree with the arguments of the minority.
You know, my wife, Hillary, gave me a book about a year ago in which the author defined insanity as just doing the same old thing over and over again.
I got a little confused here because I'm a little confused here.
But I got a little confused here.
But I got a little confused here.
But I'm a little confused here.
But I don't see.
I got a little.
I don't see.
I don't see.
I don't see.
Swimming, hoping to swim or not
Got to keep on swimming
Cause I don't want to die
Who built this mess anyway?
Yeah, it's an old park player's turn
But sometimes you can
Use the old switcheroo
And it can be applied to
Frontal politics
What I mean is
Who was it that set up a
A system, supposedly a democratic system
Where you end up always voting
For the lesser of two evils
I mean, was George Washington
The lesser of two evils?
Sometimes I wonder
You got some guy that says
For God's sake, we've got to stop
Having to do this
Having to do this
While he's having violence in this country
While he's spending $60,000 a second
Snuffing gooks
I'm a little confused here
I got a
I'm a little confused here
I'm a little confused here
Because I don't see
I got a
I'm a little confused here
The country is coming apart at the seams
Who am I?
Why am I here?
You need to have a present
You need to have a present
And trust
Who am I?
Bill Clinton
Let the president have a shot at it
Let the president have a shot at it
I don't have any experience in creating
The worst public school system in the industrialized world
The most violent crime-driven society in the industrialized world
You have question my patriotism
You even write into the White House
To go into Russia in 69
Went over for American state
I honor your score too
I honor Mr. Uniform
Whoever saw a crowd of peace
And who supported you
But when Joe went around the world
And this attack patriotism
Wrong
Wrong
You're from Connecticut
Named push
You've right to stand party
To attack my trade
I was a poor but I'm country
President who bring the other
Not we've had enough
One of them
Who am I?
Why am I here?
The amount of time the candidates expect in this campaign
Trashing their opponents character
And their programs is depressingly large
We'll be on again Saturday night
Eight to nine o'clock on ABC
So
Okay, okay
It's time to love
Finally
Eight o'clock finally
We've been there, pal
Now
Job
Been Vice President Senator Gore
We've been to the Congress together
I've done the job as President
President, you never
What's your role
From time to time
And let me just where I
Fire
President Bush
To Malta
Time to meet with President
Meeting between President Gore's and Chau
Better than before
Broke out of the gun
The situation resembled the President
I know I made the President
The President
The coup was decontented in
The situation ended
So did Warme
This is weird
Especially like P isolate


Heende

What did you say about this at all?
Help me
You're still my boss
I am

Commander
He's sitting
We're the ladies
We're the gentleman
Wait it's not
Fairy
Yet
Then
Do you think
Radboro Poindexter examining long and short-term risk factors.
Vice President Bush drops by.
Elliot Abrams gets a deny.
Ever been at Ollie's Playhouse?
Amarander never told Poindexter to sell Hawks to Iran.
Gomez got withdrawal symptoms at a bank in Switzerland.
Hassan Bush got home for Christmas.
Woo-hoo!
Spokesman speaks, says bye-bye.
And he says when we get the dough, it won't review long, yes, you know,
because it came from the eye of your toe.
Reagan's in bed, he's always napping.
But even when he gets up, anything can happen.
They're gonna take out Casey's brain, give Casper and Schultzie a pain.
It'll be cuckoo, it'll be wacky.
He'll be covert at Ollie's Playhouse.
And it's this how I'm gonna stand up for what?
And besides me, wrong beliefs.
My team were about the United States.
Your vice president did the night of the...
How to make a decision.
Bill Clinton states that I've been innocent.
I would have voted with the majority.
It was a close vote.
But I agreed with the arguments of the minority.
I'd like to create more millionaires than were created under Mr. Bush and Mr. Reagan.
I'd like to create more millionaires than were created under Mr. Bush and Mr. Reagan.
I'd like to create more millionaires the old-fashioned way.
They're so heavy, they'd give you, you know, back and broken back.
He would target America.
Target America.
Target America.
Well, I want you to know.
We really appreciate that.
Expanding jobs, going to expanding base.
Right now, a flat job base, and we're going its minimum wage.
To really a base that's going to structure and invest our foreign competitors.
We're not.
We, $4 trillion budget and have the future of this country.
The revenue will go through a period of suffice.
It's got to be fair.
We've created, we have much to show.
And we have all I can say in a minute.
And I'm not going to sit there and be a punching bag.
And I'm not going to sit there and be a punching bag.
And I'm not going to sit there and be a punching bag.
And I'm not going to sit there and be a punching bag.
How much longer will it take, Dan, for trickle-down economics to work in your theory?
Well, we're going to have plenty of time to talk about trickle-down government.
What's your point?
Well, I'd like to hear the answer.
But the question is, the question is, which you have failed to address.
And that is, why is Bill Clinton qualified to be President of the United States?
You've talked about Jim.
Well, I'll be happy to answer that.
You've talked about Jim Baker.
You've talked about trickle-down economics.
No way.
You've talked about the worst economy in 50 years.
I'll be happy to answer that.
You haven't talked about one reason.
I haven't.
No question.
You're wrong.
You're wrong.

I'll be happy.
I'll be happy.
I want to go back and make a point.
Well, you've asked my question.
If you don't answer my question, I will answer yours.
I have not answered.

I made a...
Where have all our heroes gone?
What's come over our great land?
America is still my home.
America is still my home.
America is still the home to the people we hold.
But where have all our heroes gone?
You have not told us why Bill Clinton is qualified to be President of United States.
I pointed out what he said about the Persian Gulf War.
But let me repeat it for you.
Here's what he said, senator.
You know four words.
I'm making a statement and he can answer.
Now can we give Admiral Stockdale the chance to take a look at this?
I can't.
But he said, pal, here's what he said.
If I back down my steW Zusch часions, and I say Trump got the task assignment,



I mean, this is the Persian Gulf War, the most important event in his political lifetime.
Here's what Bill Clinton said.
If it's a close vote, I vote with the majority.
If it's a close vote, I vote with the minorities.
That qualifies you to be a president.
I say, vote America.
Let's listen very closely to this debate tonight.
I think America is seeing right now the reason this nation is in gridlock.
We never would have got there if we'd gone for the nuclear freeze crowd.
We never would have got there if we'd gone for the nuclear freeze crowd.
I saw a group of boys the other day standing in the corner of a playground,
looking and laughing at a magazine.
And I overheard one of the boys say, man, is he ever cool.
And he pointed to the man whose picture was on the magazine cover.
And every time he looked at the magazine, he'd say, man, is he ever cool.
And everybody kind of said under their breath, yeah, he's cool, all right.
And I got sick to my stomach.
Because I'd seen the cover.
And the man that they were talking about had instigated a riot in one of our major cities last summer.
And the magazine was writing about how the police were unkind to him.
The judges were unfair with him.
And how he talked back and slung his long hair about and cussed and did his thing.
And they made him into a regular hero.
And inside this magazine was the story of the baseball player who got involved with the gamblers.
Of the football player who said that football was not the end, just a means to an end.
Meaning the girls and the good times.
And a story of the folk singer who proudly claims to be both a member of a party alien to our government
and a non-taxpaying citizen.
These young boys read with open eyes and open minds.
And I thought to myself, my God.
Are these the people that these young boys look up to?
Are these their idols?
Are these the heroes of the now generation?
Come on in, boys. Let's see what you got here.
Nothing, nothing can stop us.
He doesn't like trickle-down government.
And what I don't like is trickle-down government.
And therein, I think Governor Clinton keeps talking about trickle-down, trickle-down, trickle-down.
And what I don't like is trickle-down, trickle-down government.
At least you'll understand that I think that's fundamental in our country.
You're getting into it.
The word pain.
The word pain.
The word pain.
Men's suffering, Jim.
There have been suffering, Jim.
It's irrelevant.
It's irrelevant.
Why is that a mistake?
It's irrelevant.
What hit?
I think it is highly irrelevant.
It's irrelevant.
He has to do it.
That is the law.
But I don't think it's fair.
I don't think it's fair.
I think we've been fighting for...
We've been fighting for day one.
I think we've been fighting for day one.
Price is time.
The misery index.
And all you hear about is how bad things are.
Are you better off?
Are you better off?
Remember the question, are you better off?
Are you better off?
Everybody now knows the terrible price of pain by waiting until it's obvious to the brain dead that they have problems.
I don't have any criticism, Mr. Froese.
I've never heard Governor Clinton make a mistake.
So my argument is not with Ross Proe.
It is more with Governor Clinton.
Everybody's nibbling around the edges.
Let's go to the center of the bull's eye of the core problem.
I'd rather...
If you gave me two bad choices...
Okay.
I'd rather have people representing foreign countries working on their campaigns.
And I don't think there's anything wrong with an honest person who happens to represent an interest of another country for making his case.
That's the American way.
It's the American way.
That's the American way.
It's the American way.
That's the American way.
I'd rather have all our heroes gone.
All friends, where have all the...
Where have all the pledgers gone?
Our great land.
Oh, I just don't know what happened.
I just don't know what happened to the subgeniuses of America.
I know which ones do count.
That's the ones who pledged tonight.
And the ones who will pledge next week.
Because we're going to have to do it again.
In the meantime, dear friends, I am going to give you the...
Why...
The credits.
What you've been listening to tonight.
That very last thing.
The collage of the debates called Master Debaters by Dad's New Slacks.
The folks in Portland, Maine who played the hour of slack.
Dear thanks, Dad.
There are quite a few little clips.
Thanks to Reverend Susie the Floozy in Atlanta who gave us a lot of those clips.
A lot of clips came from the Lookout Miami media barrage.
We still don't know who did Lookout Miami.
Oh, gosh.
Back from the beginning while we heard Jimi Hendrix, Ed Sanders doing some of those political songs.
The Fugs, that is.
The Yeasty Girls.
The Princess We Are So Beautiful.

The Cardo and Sister Mary Squared show.
A little bit of barrage from Dr. Legume.
Friends.
And quite a bit of cuts from WCSB radio in Cleveland where I was a guest on Lonesome Cowboy Dave's show.
Well...
Oh, and Ollie's Playhouse.
The song Ollie's Playhouse was by Eugene Chadbourne.
And the amazing George Bush Farewell was by Joe Paulino and Mr. Tokard.
Friends, you've been listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
For more information on Church of the Subgenius, all you've got to do is drop a line to Bob.
By the way, Emily, Tevis says hi.
Hi.
If I doubt if you're still listening at this point.
Write to Bob at Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Just drop us a line and see what normally goes on in this normal, normal show.
Ah, yeah.
Praise God.
I was a post office.

I got killed because of the welfare inspires, and my apologies on behalf of all the school devices.
Most of them were
marked in the
00 résult
of my
which I consider absolutely sick operation.
Whose country is this? Whose country is this?
It's a must-see.
It was a remarkable event.
We did try to bring Saddam Hussein, Saddam Hussein, Saddam Hussein, Saddam Hussein.
We did try to bring Saddam Hussein into the family of nations.
And what you're seeing on all this Iraq gate
is a bunch of people who were wrong on the war.
Iraq gate. Iraq gate.
Ladies and gentlemen, directly from the Oasis Lounge in the Sands Hotel,
here he is, Saddam Hussein-Jerfield.
Oh, thanks, Johnny.
I'll tell you, I was okay last month, but now I'm in bad shape.
Oh, I tell you, I keep trying to move a missile launcher and it gets blown to bits.
I try to move my tanks and it gets blown to bits.
Oh, man, I'm afraid to move my bowels.
Then I said to my wife, Mrs. Hussein, I said,
Hey, Debbie, what do I got to do to get a rise out of that bush?
She said, buy me some flowers once in a while.
Oh, it's like my doctor.
You know my doctor, Vinny Al-Assad Boombatz?
Oh, I said, Doc, hey, my missiles keep misfiring and I can't hit the target.
He said, buy Debbie some flowers once in a while.
Oh, I don't get no respect at all.
Hey, hey, where's my Air Force?
Come on, guys. Hey, I gotta go change the oil in the Gulf.
Oh, America. Thanks a lot.
Hey, give me a break.
Come on, call that Ali guy. What's his name?
Oh, I said to my son, Bud, I said,
What are you gonna do after the war?
He said, I'm going to Disney World.
Oh, God, that America.
Those guys don't give me no respect.
I mean, they keep bombing me.
And all I can do is bomb up here.
Oh, I'm in bad shape.
Gate, Iraq, gate.
Come on, that's not leadership.
George Bush continues to watch Bill Clinton's back in his troubled re-election race.
And now behind him, Ross Perot's footsteps are getting louder.
Jim Mikloszewski joins us now from the White House.
Good morning, Jim.
Good morning, Sarah.
We have predicted that after the presidential debates and the TV campaign win,
there'd be some movement in the polls.
Unfortunately for the president, they're headed in the wrong direction.
America is still my home sweet home.
But where have all our heroes gone?
I had heroes when I was a kid.
We all did.
And our heroes did their thing, too.
Like General Douglas MacArthur, who returned like he said he would.
Like Gene Autry and Roy Rogers, who chased the bad guys right off the screen.
Like Lindbergh, who flew the ocean.
And Jesse Owens, who showed Hitler.
And John Wayne and Gary Cooper.
After all, didn't they really win the war?
And General Ike, bless your soul, because you made us feel safe.
We've killed some of our recent heroes.
The Kennedys and Kings.
And even as great as their space feats are, how many of the astronauts can you name?
Huh?
How many?
My heroes were people like Joe DiMaggio, who proved that nice guys can finish first.
And Stan Musial, who never had an unkind word for anybody.
And Winston Churchill, whose two fingers raised together meant victory.
Not just to let your enemy have it all.


A kind of artificial peace.
This country needs a lot of things today, friends.
But it doesn't need any one thing any more than it needs some real heroes.
Men who know what it means to be looked up to by a grimy-faced kid.
Men who want to sign autographed books and not deals under the table.
Men who are willing to play the game with the people who made them heroes.
Men who don't mind putting on a white hat and saying thank you and please.
I wish I knew more men.
Men that I'd be proud for my son to look up to and say, Daddy, when I grow up, I wanna
be just like him.
Where have all our heroes gone?
Even Harry Truman didn't have to overcome desire.
Snap.
Snap.
She came to my mom.
I can't believe it.
Warning, some new information.
This country's going in the wrong direction.
Vice President, you say we're poised for a vigorous economic recovery.
Why do you say that?
Because we've had inflation down, interest rates are down.
I'm welcome to last for three years.
Covered.
Turn around.
Farm debt is down.
Low inflation as well.
Yesterday on another program, on another network.
Ross Perot is...
...national debt in the deficit.
He brags about balancing the budget in Arkansas.
Are you...
...the Ross Perot supporters?
When they finally go in, they'll like Ross Perot.
...on ple controller.
Once the market is well targeted and the strategy is established ...







p
