We're friends? Yeah?
Yeah.
Hey there! Open up! Come on out! We're friends!
Is that right?
We welcome you!
We're friends? Yeah?
The subgenius power of swag!
Listen, you find compulsion nuts all over.
Their senses could be quite different.
They may, for instance, be able to smell more than one brain.
Just think of that, folks.
They're probably controlled by Bob.
Okay.
There's only speculation.
Okay.
Any news from abroad?
No!
Cuckoo, I wish I could put my arms around each and every one of them.
And let them know that everything's going to be okay.
Why don't you see?
I'm not bizarre enough.
Who is?
Bob.
Is he the one?
He's got to be the one. Who else could it be?
I'm very disappointed.
So am I.
What's your business here, lady?
I'm on my way to Jerusalem to be an actor. Excuse me.
Excuse me.
If you feel you're healed.
If you feel you're healed.
Dad, I was swimming in a rainbow with millions of babies.
And I was naked.
And then all of a sudden I turned into a perfect smile.
Put a roof on this son of a bitch!
What's going down here?
Do not make us doubt and speculate.
Say to us why you are here.
What is the message to these people?
What is the message to these people?
Dungeons and Dragons.
Dungeons and Drag-
Dungeons and Dragons.
Marijuana.
Hello, I'm Green Green Green Green Ministry.
Rock and roll music.
Marijuana.
Dragons.
The New Age Movement.
And now we feel Dungeons and Dragons, Marijuana, and even the New Age Movement.
And now we attack society.
Wicked witches and demon clouds and it's been Bell Books.
Scooby Doo. What do you think?
And even the Zone of Eternal Evil.
Scooby Doo.
Fil-fil-fil.
He has now felt cartoons and children's toys.
And now he's a baby.
And even TV.
Fil-fil.
What's going on?
Do you feel me?
Tell me.
Tell me.
Do you feel a lot of children?
Oh yes.
Oh yes.
Thirty-one times a week.
Oh yes.
Oh yes.
Oh yes.
Levitation, mind control, ass rejection.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Oh yes.
Let's go into another Scooby Doo.
We're looking at a cult.
Fast.
No.
That's plastic.
Yes.
Very much so.
So.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Hmm.




Oh.
Hello?
Happiness and greatness and truth and dessae-o.
Your restaurant torque went up 20 times today.





I'll leave the很standard at the end.
Okay.
Enough was enough.
So we're gonna return to scientifically cool stuff.
It's not very attractive.
It's not very expensive.
I wrote it too.



Let's go.
What are your feelings?
B veterinary drugs.
What was it again?
Mm-hmm, not too much.
The ugly self-image is so well ingrained. That's a real find.
Girl, my name's Fry, and I think you're a cutie,
because I like things that have only one thing instead of two things.
I am not worthy of this, but I thank you from the depths of my heart.
This is what Bob can do for you.
And now a word from Reverend Bleepo Abernathy and the Duke of Madness, Jerry Goodwin.
You've seen the crazy antics that drunk girls get into during Mardi Gras.
And when those co-ed spring breakers start partying.
Ho ho, get out of town!
But you've never seen girls get as crazy as this.
It's wilder than any Girls Gone Wild ever.
Now, Ramco Productions presents Girls Gone Feral.
Forget about those girls so drunk they'll do anything for booze.
Now, you'll see what happens when girls are so hungry,
they'll do anything for food!
Girls Gone Feral.
Wishing girls tearing apart animal carcasses with their bare teeth.
Girls Gone Feral.
Girls reverting to a primitive state of tribal hunter-gathering.
Girls Gone Feral.
Girls smeared with the blood of their enemies, vying for alpha superiority.
Girls Gone Feral.
Girls so hungry, they eat hunger.
They eat hunger for breakfast.
Girls Gone Feral.
Girls Gone Feral is a special TV offer not available in the United States.
Postage or telephone transmission.
Not for adults with children over or above the age of 18 to 21 years of age.
To order, see Murray or Vinnie under the bridge.
Cash only, please.
Girls Gone Feral.
Girls Gone Feral.
Girls Gone Feral.
Girls Gone Feral.
Girls Gone Feral.
Girls Gone Feral.
Girls Gone Feral.
Girls Gone Feral.
Girls Gone Feral.
Girls Gone Feral.
Girls Gone Feral.
I was determined to stay out of them buffalo robes.
Three young and healthy women with no man for who knows how long.
Mmm.
The very idea kind of shrunk me like a spider on a hot stove.
Beware you men, where'er you go
The cherry tree must stand
The glory of your fatherhood
Is threatened near at hand
The maiden who is smiling
So is one to all your seed
And never was a maiden born
To never know your need
She'll wink her thoughts and let you know
The lust that's on her mind
And use the devil's thrust to show you
What you dream to find
Save your flower for tomorrow
Oh
You never know what's apt to go
Through a tender maiden's head
So save your flower for tomorrow
Many men have felt the ruin
Of the harlot's bed
As you can see, so few like me
Remain unspoiled and pure
By virtue of the power of God





And respect I am intact
Unsoiled by passion's lure
So when temptation calls to you
You must remember well
Adultery is the devil's tool
For bringing you to hell
When in the end
Desire's road has led you to its fork
It won't be hard
If you just let it go
You're on guard
And always salt your pork
Save your flower for tomorrow
You never know what's apt to go
Through a tender maiden's head
So save your flower for tomorrow

Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!


Ah!
Lady, shall I lie on your lap?
No, my lord.
I mean my head upon your lap.
Aye, my lord.
Do you think I meant country matters?
I think nothing, my lord.
That's a fair thought to lie between maids' legs.
What is, my lord?
Nothing.
You are Mary, my lord.
Who, I?
Aye, my lord.
Oh, God, you're only jig maker.
Try what you're a man do, but be merry.
For look you, how merry live my mother looks,
and my father died within two hours.
Nay, it is twice two months, my lord.
So long.
This sluts.
Oh, you are a pig.
Pig.
Pig.
You're a...
You sluts.
You right-wing bimbo.
You sluts.
You're a sluts.
You'll come this old bitch.
Not because you are...
You still eating, mom?
Mom?
Stakes a man with a truly sick mind
to do something like this.
Something like this.
Oh, I lick you two boats.
I lick boats all over your body.
Oh, I lick you two boats.
I lick boats all over your body.
And I will have my way with you.
Bimbo.
Bimbo.
Powerful new physical energy.
Orgone.
Orgone.
Now, now, mother, nothing was left.
Sexuality.
Neurosis.
Sexual instincts.
Libido.
Increase.
Decrease.
Displacement and discharge.
And which extends itself.
Sexual energy was more than just sexual energy.
The orgasm.
Equilibrium.
Builds up.
Builds up.
Builds up.
Builds up.
Builds up.
Stagnating.
Reich's orgasm flow and discharge.
You have to revamp your whole way of thinking.
Don't think.
Don't think.
Turbulent political climate.
Pleasure.
Pleasure.
Pleasure.
Pleasure.
Phenomenon.
Phenomenon.
Look.

The rat- Tay sin.
And you have to intentional

Fleece up.

Gaze.
All the time.
Sleep.




Sleep.
The only trouble with snake women is they copulate with horses, which makes them strange to me.
She says she doesn't, that's why I call her, doesn't like horses.
But of course, she's lying.
Seaweed head, tomorrow night I'm going to get me a horse and ride up to Four Corners to see Red Snapper.
I know she's waiting for me because ten minutes ago she sent me the finest smoke signal I've ever seen.
She said, Vernon, you are the only man who ever made my bell ring.
All my love, Red Snapper.
P.S. Ugly old honey hole says hello.
Take a card, Mr. Greaser.
All right, put it back anywhere.
This is.
This one.
That one.
This one.
That one.
That one.
This one.

This one.
This it?
Oh, no, no, no, no, that's not it.
That it?
This one.
Close.
Here it comes.
Oh.
No cigar.
This one.
Oh.
That one.
Oh.
This one.
Uh-uh.
No.
No, no, no.
Oh, friends.
Oh, friends.
Hey, welcome to Hour of Slack number 1,139.
Yes, yes, yes, indeed.
And this is some of Reverend Angry Larry's strange music in the background from his, what's it called?
Automatic Robot Fish, The Running Gods.
Speaking of Reverend Angry Larry and the great band, The Amino Acids, they are going to be out and about touring.
And you might look at TheAminoAcids.com or MySpace, The Amino Acids.
They're going to be in San Francisco and Oakland.
And what, next weekend?
Yes, next weekend.
And we may fly out there just to see it.
Well, in the meantime, friends, we're here to warm you up because it's cold, cold, cold outside here in Cleveland, Ohio,
which is not where you necessarily are, nor even at this time.
But I assure you, it is cold.
And getting to the station showed how dedicated we are.
We are to the Hour of Slack.
Dave is on his way.
He's still broken.
And if anybody wants to help, you know what to do at subgenius.com on the Hour of Slack page.
But it's like one degree Fahrenheit.
And 25 below with wind chill.
Which means beauty and danger on the road with snakes of blowing snow.
Waving in front of you when you can see.
And, you know, friends, it's so good to be able to drive.
I want you all to know that I appreciate the gifts that I was given that allow me to do a thing like drive.
Me too.
Because, you know, there's people who can't even pass a driver's test.
Talk about subgenius.
Anyway, yes.
And on the way here, we saw snow devils.
Like dust devils that you see in the desert.
Miniature tornadoes of snow.
They're beautiful.
Very otherplanetary.
You know, the little baby robots on Mars, the shuttle creatures that go around and take pictures of Mars,
have captured pictures of dust devils that I suspect, well, that's what they call them.
If you ask me, those are the Martians.
That's exactly the way Ray Bradbury.
Ray Bradbury described them.
But it's, yes, it's a strange, strange drive in the deep dead of winter in Cleveland.
It's so, the snow is like fog or like a sandstorm.
Wispy, ethereal things slipping across the road in front of you.
Yeah, so it's like Burning Man or only a snowing man.
It's almost like fog.
But it's snow, just this fine mist of snow all through the air.
Now, speaking of snow and winter and the stars of winter,
there is an event coming up, which I guess we could tell you about,
because some of you might really be interested.
Winter Star.
Princess, you have all the information over there.
I have all the information.
I don't know when it is.
Well, it's at the end of, it's a leap star this year.
It goes from February.


February 28th to March 2nd.
And there's going to be lots of interesting people there from Steve and Ina May Gaskin,
those famous folks from The Farm and Midwife, amazing midwifery books and work.
Yeah, if you want a good whiff, check out Ina May Gaskin.
Now, now.
For midwifery.
And there will be Voodoo Priestess, Priestess Miriam.
Chamani from New Orleans area.
It's a healing winter star.
Yes, yes.
And so they're going to heal the Katrinas and the Kachina dolls.
And we'll be there healing and sickening.
We'll be explaining the difference between healing and sickening.
Yes, yes.
And she will be bringing several other people with her from that area, drummers.
And it's something Chaz, the late Chaz Smith used to always run the Space Jam Cabin.
And this year we're going to have to do the Space Jam Cabin without Chaz.
However, we will have Ron Slabe and Sadie LeMarin, who used to be on this station here.
And I will bring the Cyclodelico video mind control things that I always do.
And so that's an exciting party somewhere in Ohio.
Yeah.
You'd have to look for information at Rosencomet.com or just go to Subgenius.com,
which is slightly easier to spell for subgeniuses.
And look at the events button, which is like the second word at the top of the page.
You'd be amazed how much trouble subgeniuses have trying to get through to something.
Like, for instance, they'll go, well, how do I get to our Slack on Subgenius.com?
To download the archives of the shows going back 25 years.
And I have to go, well, it's that third word that you come to on the front page, radio.
Now, friends, speaking of radio, this is where and when I should give credits for what we've been playing.
Only one person in Cleveland will recognize the Greaser's Palace songs.
That's Dr. Mr. Sister.
Would remember them from recently.
It's Greaser's Palace is a 1972 underground movie that truly captured the spirit of the stoner age,
even though it was a Western.
Well, it's the story of the New Testament set in Western times.
It sort of begins with Jesus parachuting into the Old West with wagon trains going by.
He's wearing a zoot suit.
And a lot of the lines, the bizarre and not bizarre.
Enough lines that I was playing earlier in the show were from Robert Downey Sr.'s movie, Greaser's Palace,
which you probably can't rent and will never find.
Only subgeniuses know how to get copies of stuff like that.
And, of course, we've also played several collages by the great Reverend Norell Preff.
And you can get his collages and also his music from HeavyConfetti.com.
Or.
Norellpreff.com.
We heard Laurence Olivier as Hamlet.
We heard quite a bit of Fernanda Nandi of Lemuria,
who lives even deeper in the snow and higher in the mountains than any of us.
I'll tell you for the first time, friends on the air,
that Fernanda Nandi Lemur, who does so much great editing on the show,
lives in Idaho Springs.
Now, let's see what happens.
Really?
I believe Fernanda Nandi of Lemuria.
Push this button.
Lives in the cold.
Push hold.
And then push speaker and air and turn this on.
What happens?
Torture is what happens.
Hey, it worked.
Wow.
Did I tell you that torture is what works in all circumstances?
I was reading that in a horror novel the other day about Vietnam.
Never mind your amusements on the side.
674-3295-90.
I have received the message and will comply.
All right.
Hey, what?
Oh, man, I feel dizzy.
What just happened?
The same voice.
We can't tell you.
I just, I feel weird.
They say it's a disconnected phone voice from the beyond
that taps in every once in a while in connection to people's brains directly.
Hal needs a gal.
Hal needs a gal.
Hal had a gal.
You're deprogrammed now, Dave,
and you'll see things as they go.
They really are.
You'll finally see how hot the plumpers are, baby.
You'll see the rats licking at your feet.
You'll know they're just giving you a little manicure.
Pedicure, yes.
Now, we've been playing romantic, romantical type sexy cuts,
and you told me earlier today that you had, you scored.
Yeah, Winsome bulled out a girl, Davina.
I did.
I think I met her.
And I'm not sure if I met her or not.
I think we actually cannabulated our confunctions and stuff.
Wait a minute.
You think you met her?
Well, it could have just been another disturbance in bed.
But I was told that the creature, the person, the entity didn't exist.
But I'm still occasionally tortured once in a while.
She humps my leg.
I'm just saying.
Hey, look, man, if she exists for you, then that's all that really counts.
Right.
And, you know, I could never, you know, literally prove it anyway that such a person exists.
Oh, no.
Oh, wait a minute.
Oh, Christ.
Here she is.
That's her?
You don't hear her, do you?
Yeah, I do.
I hear her like a...
She's on my leg.
She's kind of bright purple.
And got like little yellow fronds of hair sticking out.
Your girlfriend is purple?
Please, please.
Is she colored?
Do you mean?
Is she human?
Is she humping your leg?
How is she?
How?
What?
She must not be very tall.
She's only 45 centimeters long.
I had to hold up a copy of the Bob Leografon to keep her down just like a sacred sacrament or something.
She's got to be.
That's the only way I can keep her at bay.
At dockers or whatever they call it.
That's the only way I can keep her off me.
Man.
I'm sorry you couldn't make it bring her over to the show tonight.
Wow.
Geez, you wouldn't have wanted that to happen right in the middle of the show,
especially since it didn't really happen.
She got plasma all over.
Well, you did.
You're not imagining things, Dave.
I heard her.
You heard it?
Yes.
Absolutely, I heard her.
We've just been discussing it.
You could like...
It or her, I mean.
Like on a future show, you could probably prove it was true by replaying it or something?
She's not a Fig Newton of your imagination whatsoever.
Let me put it this way, Dave.
If we play this CD back and don't hear it, I'm going to be freaked out.
No kidding.
Me too.
Because I definitely heard it.
I heard her again just then.
I just heard it again.
So this plasma on my leg is real.
I mean, it's not just...
The what on your leg?
She leaves plasma like this fluid, this viscous fluid all over my legs.
There she leaks.
When she humps my leg.
The dog gets jealous.
The cats run.
Man.
You know, as Pope David Meyer once said, probably with good reason,
some life forms have ironic sex lives.
It's called irony?
Yeah.
I may have used that line in the last couple of weeks on the radio.
I'm starting to worry about that.
My dad tells me the same joke every time I talk to him.
Although, aside from that, he still sounds smarter than anyone else in the world.
But I've been listening back to tapes, you know, like when I call Rob's show.
I've told him the exact same thing two shows in a row.
And I think I'm about to do it again.
But your father is an octogenarian, dear, and you're only about a syncogenarian.
Yeah.
An octogenarian sex is really ironic, wouldn't you say?
I mean, you said, did you say sex was ironic?
Well, for some life forms.
Oh.
You know, for the sea slug, for instance, they all are born with a penis,
and one has to bite the penis off the other one.
Now, see, I've already said that on the radio, haven't I?
Didn't I already do this routine?
Am I doomed to a deja vu feeling forever,
or is it that I'm just doomed to repeat the same gag,
over and over again?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Stang, we, it's, it's not the irony of the situation.
It's the fact that you've taken the weight of the world off your shoulders
and put it on your backside.
That's the first part of it.
And the second part is, um, I forgot what the second part was,
but it was, oh yeah, if instead of using those words that you just words to describe that,
say, um, erectile cartilage,
and that'll just completely, clearly,
clear the slate.
Uh-huh.
Magic.
Just like magic.
Like whales have enormous erectile cartilages.
It's, it's called a...
I'm trying to remember the word, too, um,
because my dad has a collection of those penile cartilages.
He does not.
Yes, he does.
Yes, he does.
That's not a lie.
Whales and walra-, walruses have such large bones or bone-like cartilages in their peni
that, uh, the natives up in that part of the world,
the Inuits and Eskimos and so forth,
use those as weapons,
or, as in the case of my dad,
they carve scrimshaw on the penis bone and sell it to lawyers from Texas.
And no, in a way...
And also bears have a bone large enough to use as a Texan's swizzle stick at his bar.
Uh, Princess Wee laughs because she knows it's true.
She is, sir. I've seen it.
And because my, my dad used to show those bones off every single time we came over.
Yes, he did.
See, now, when I used to go to my grandpa's house,
he used to show off his private parts,
and he got in trouble with the neighborhood police and the local authorities and stuff
because he would actually go out in the yard and start yelling at people and say,
look at this, look at this.
So it's not just you. It's your whole family.
The whole family, yeah.
You guys have always, you were raised that way.
Yeah. We're all plasma-laden, uh,
over-filtered, too big, too small, too everything, you know.
That means you can do anything you want.
Well, genetically, perhaps.
But you gotta think of the social situation here.
You know, we're, this is an armed camp.
Well, no, that's what I'm saying.
Because it's a disease, that means you can do it, it's not your fault,
you know, people shouldn't put you down or in jail for doing it because it's not your fault.
No.
You can't help it. You were born that way. It's a syndrome.
Ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha.
It was that way for a long time until, um, you know, what's-his-name got in control there,
the new president, the old, new, the guy that's been in here for a while.
Well, and also they ran out of money for, for straight jackets and rubber rooms.
Yeah.
And so now they just use 7-Eleven, or liquor store parking lots, I believe,
are what have replaced rubber rooms.
And also the big warehouse.
And psychologists.
Yeah.
Yeah, psychiatrists have been replaced by liquor.
Ha ha.
And the little kiosks with the, with the, uh, Jesus.
Now, what does Dr. Dobson have to do with Bob Dobbs?
I, you know, there's some whispering going on.
Dr. Dobson, the family, the Christian family, uh, expert?
There's some whisperings that they're, uh, genetically impaired and in bed.
Dobbs' son.
That, you know, he...
The rebellious son. You know how preachers' kids are always the ones that are the biggest gang criminals?
Well, uh, in the case of J.R. Bob Dobbs, his son...

...is the most holiest, pious, conservative, uh, family values.
Not that Bob Dobbs himself, uh, J.R. Bob Dobbs is not against family values.
He's up against every family he can get his hands on.
Yeah.
Young, old...
Familiarity.
He don't care.
He loves...
He loves older gals, too.
And I mean really older gals.
Family jewels that are really, really hard and calcified.
Give him an inch of wiggle room and he'll be wiggling for hours and days.
You know, I'm still looking for my family jewels, which theoretically, I can't prove this, but, uh, in...
...uh, supposed to be the Russian crown jewels.
The stuff that was stolen from the Romanovs during the Russian Revolution.
That stuff all really belongs to me, since I'm the last surviving...
...uh, I'm not really Romanov, but, uh, Rasputin.
Well, yeah, Rasputin...
My great-great-great-great-great-great-grandmother was the Tsarina.
Yeah, the illegitimate child of, uh, the Tsarina and Rasputin, right?
No, I'm not like some kook who's running around going, like, saying, I'm Anastasia.
You know, I'm the last of the heir to the Russian throne.
No, no, no.
It's so unfair.
Yeah, I'm not saying that.
I'm saying I'm the illegitimate heir to the Russian throne by way of the great...the mad
monk Rasputin.
Well...
Gregor Rasputin.
Gregor?
Gregor.
Gregor.
Boy, they tried real hard to get him, didn't they?
They drowned him, they stabbed him, they sent him, they put him in the attic for three
days without, uh, tubs, and they left him, uh, to his own alacrity.
And they chopped off his wee-wee.
They did?
Yes, they did, and it's in a museum in Russia.
Well, that's the perversity of all these societies and stuff.
Looks like an old...a really old banana skin.
That's not a lie.
They're parts of Rasputin.
Rasputin still, uh, exists.
In fact, one of the guys who helped kill him only died about 20 years ago.
So you could still interview the dude about, you know, what was it really like?
He was one of the noblemen.
The noble...the noble class in Russia knew that Rasputin was having an unhealthy influence
on the royal family because he alone was perceived by the, uh, by the Tsarina as being the only
person who could cure their son's hemophilia, which was not well understood in those days.
Yeah, they used to try and bleed you to cure your hemophilia.
Yeah.
Oh my God.
Right.
Right.
They...yeah.
And, um, Rasputin had such, uh, mental...mentalist powers that he was able to calm the boy down
enough that in...his bleeding would stop.
Or so they say.
Anyway, the kid survived.
However, uh, there were bad...you know, Rasputin was a hippie.
He...he was, uh...he was a...kind of like the Stang of the royal court.
He had all these...girl...he was smelly, disgusting, horrible, talk-crazy, and so, of course, all
the married rich ladies had to have him.
Had to go to bed with him.
Well, it was the psychic powers that enamored most of them.
The idea, you know, the weird...the Rasputin eye.
He had the guru genie eye.
He could look at, you know, a woman and...and, uh, they would come hither and yonder.
How do you think I got here?
I don't know how you got here.
With these eyebrows and this beard.
They'd come hither and do more than yawn.
Oh.
Well, don't wanna...
Never heard that before.
...go into that part.
It's cause I just made it up.
I don't know, those Romanovs really...they really slay me, man.
They were so powerful and all they left behind was noodles and...and shrimp, you know?
Yeah, that is.
That's amazing.
That's...that's all they're known for now.
Right.
The...the skull or parts of the skull of the...of the family.
The skull.
The skull parts were dug up a few years ago.
I'm a big fan of Russian history.
That's why I know all these super facts.
Oh, I...I am too.
I...I remember the October Revolution quite well.
I was...
Oh, you...you're such a commie.
You probably wrote half of their marching songs.
No, it's marching...well, they said I marched to their songs.
I thought it was the silliest thing I ever heard.
You get your marching orders from Moscow.
And I thought they were talking about Idaho at first.
And I'd seen the movie too, you know?
And it just still didn't make any sense to me until they did point out the...the majorette uniform.
Which I didn't even know was real.
Like the plasma, I just assumed it was a figment.
Well, I know what you mean.
And it's often safe...safest to assume that you're just imagining things.
Like if you're at a job interview, for instance, and there's a thing humping your leg, you don't want to go,
Oh, excuse me, I always have this sort of ghostly thing humping my leg.
But don't worry, when I'm at work...
It won't be there.
That doesn't usually go over.
But, you know, if you're not in a situation like that, you might be missing something if you're assuming it's just another hallucination.
Yeah, I guess that's true.
Like in this case, you have this hot new girlfriend.
You were about to ignore her, except that we validated your hallucination.
Well, that's what I've been going for.
You know, I was hoping that it wasn't just, you know, another problem emerging in the way of...

Problem?
Problem?
I've never had any problems ever since I did the right thing with J.R. Bob Dobbs and became an ordained minister.
I've never had any sort of a problem.
In fact, it's like my life has been an endless wallowing in a pigsty of pure slack.
And now, for a limited time only,
videos of returnings,
limited time-only imaginings,
and actual replaced memories of Bob's demagulation,
watch him fry in front of the television set as he goes,
ow-ow-ow-ow.
Oh, those were such wonderful times.
The slaves used to sing. They weren't actually earthly slaves.
They were kind of like...
Boldovina, Boldotto, Div...
Progressively...
Ledger's...
Big Dink.
And the other format, I guess, was in there, too.
Well, I guess in a way, I have...
My computer is sort of like a popular bull...
Bullgirl Daveena is to you.
You said your computer was Christ-like.
And that you refused...
It saves.
It saves?
Yes, we have a saying.
If you don't hit save, you'll lose it.
We got that from the old saying,
if you don't hit Dave, he'll lose it.
Remember?
Yeah.
How we used to hit you to get you back on track.
Oh, boy, that was fun.
Those were the days.
I could actually feel something in my legs then.
That was the problem.
When you were in that kind of a daze,
we had to kind of slap you out of it.
You've gotten a lot better, I must say, and congratulations.
Yes, Dave.
Yeah, well, thanks to the cauliflower ears,
that's actually helped pick up girls.
But outside of that, I would say, you know, it's been a good thing.
I know a subgenius who has a cauliflower ear,
but I don't think it's a good thing.
I think it's a good thing because it's a part of your neck.
Well, no, I think that's not a,
it's part of the cerebellum has actually slipped down
and is protruding out of the neck area,
and it's got like little convolutions on them.
The convolutions, yeah.
All I know is it's gross.
Huh?
If that's brains hanging out the back of the guy's heads,
he's got too much and it's gross.
So he has just like a ruffled neck?
This guy looks like he's got cauliflowers all over his neck.
Man.
I do know who I'm talking about.
I do know who you're talking about.
Okay, let's just leave it alone.
You're talking about me again, right?
No.
No.
Let's just leave that alone.
Poor guy.
And be nice.
Let's be nice, everybody.
But we don't even know who we're being nice to or not.
I always thought that was a symptom of yaws,
which was once a deadly disease and now is a kind of a,
produces a yawn.
And, you know, people go off that yawn.
As in hither and yawg?
Well, you know, go to the doctor.
You know, call 911.
Are you talking dirty again?
Dave, I was telling you to go to the doctor and call 911.
Okay.
I thought when you...
And you didn't do it, did you?
Instead, you called the station.
No, I called Homeland Security and they referred me to this number.
Really?
Yeah.
They're still doing that.
I put 911.
Oh, my God.
I told them to use my toll-free number and not the station's number.
Unbelievable.
There is a subgenius toll-free number.
And I guess in a couple of shows, I'll play a nice collection of recordings from that number.
I have done that in the past.
And, you know, you can imagine running.
Running an organization, a disorganization, disorganized religion like Church of the Subgenius,
and with a toll-free answer machine, we get some calls.
You harvest some wild ones.
I haven't played those in a while.
And I've got a nice collection of new ones.
There's this one guy who's always calling me up wanting to talk about, you know, get it coming on the show or something.
He has a different name and voice every time.
I never can understand them.
So you're saying an actual telephone number has a personality?
Not only that, it's a naughty personality.
Wow.
It's 888.
That's the number of Jesus.
888-6969.
2323.
And that's a magic number of Robert Anton Wilson and the Discordians.
What's the secret number?
The only reason we used that was we couldn't get 273, which is the magic number of subgenius.
And it's obviously a lot more special than 23.
A lot.
Because 23 comes up every 23 numbers.
But 273 is a lot harder to come by.
Ask St. Byron Warner.
That's been his sexual fetish for a long time, and it's never completely worked out.
So you're saying that he's been having encumbrances or...
You've heard of number...
...relational overtures with a number.
Right.
And he's actually doing it with a demon.
Apparently.
Is that what you think?
Your new girlfriend is a demon, you think?
Well, who else?
Well, I know it's not...
Now, Dave, you've had girlfriends before you even were married one time.
I think it was even to a human.
One of them was, right?
One of them was human.
I'm pretty sure.
And there was a while when you had the hottest-looking girlfriend in the entire subgenius church, except for me.
I don't think you're the prettiest girl in the church, Dave.
That's the chillest thing I've ever heard.
But I...
Yeah, but...
You have nice hair, though.
I mean, everybody knows you do have nice hair.
The walks polish every day.
You know.
That's kind of silly, but outside of that, you know, you've shown results anyway.
I wish I could depend on my hair, Dave.
You're having a bad hair, Dave.
You might say.
I think...
Well, this is all in the past for you.
This isn't something that happens to you very often anymore.
But when I run a brush through my hair, which goes about halfway down my back, as you know, all five of them...
Boy, do I.
There's like a pound of hair is left behind in the brush, and there's still five hairs running down, hanging down my back.
Five individual hairs?
It's the most pathetic hippie mullet, poe-bucker haircut.
Because there's hardly any hairs to cut.
But, man, when the comb-over time comes, I'll be ready.
Well, you know, the Indian people, what they said, five hairs, you know, they said about, you know, the Native American people said about five hairs.
No.
Said you were like two hearts.
You wanted to live in the part animal world and part human world.
You were bored with the human world and you wanted to become part wolf or part snake or something.
And that's why, you know, the five hairs, when somebody sees you, they can tell you're a wolf.

You're a witch.
Which one, I don't know.
I said it finally.
One hair for each point of the pentagram?
Supposedly that's the idea.
Well, actually, it's the four corners plus the center.
My dad has five hairs out in a hutch in Warren.
Little Warrens. Tiny little Warrens.
No, in Warren, Ohio.
Oh.
He's got those hairs in a hutch.
Oh.
Uh-huh.
He's got the bunnies.
Yeah.
Like the kind of...
Well, actually, I bet there's not five anymore.
He's probably had bunny dinner since then.
They're very cute.
He goes out and feeds them.
And then when they get nice and fat, he takes one out and in front of all the other ones,
snaps its neck very quickly and then skins it and guts it and all that.
I used to watch him do that when I was a kid.
Now, I think you're watching that Michael Moore film.
I haven't seen that one yet.
Well...
I have.
There's a nice lady who's petting a bunny rabbit.
And then she splits its hair.
Oh, right, right.
The old Michael Moore.
I thought you were talking about the Make Me Sick one, the new...his latest health-related
one.
Oh, Sicko.
Yeah, you're his first one.
Whatchamacallit of Flint, Michigan.
Yeah, you're right.
Travel to Charlie Nutt.
Travel to Charlie Nutt, too.
Well, we're all going to be doing that, man.
I mean, there's going to come a time in about three weeks when the dollar is so ruined,
the gas is so expensive that they can't drive our nice cellophane-wrapped meat to the store
anymore, and we'll be going out and making dinner out of the varmints in our backyards.
Boy, that's for sure.
I imagine you've got plenty out there in Ashtabula.
I have rats in little cages.
Well, we have in Cleveland Bluffs, where I live, we have rabbits, possums, skonks.
Skonkins?
Lots of skonks and raccoons.
And squirrel.
Squirrel is good.
If you fry it just right, squirrel is good.
You going to be at that squirrel dinner, Dave?
Squirrel?
Squirrel gravy.
It's what's for dinner.
Dave, you going to be able to make us down that squirrel dinner?
Squirrel supper?
I had squirrel gravy and grits one time.
It was good.
It was good.
That's good eating.
Well, it depends on who's cooking it and how it's cooked and so forth.
And, you know, it tends to be a bit gamey.
Well, it makes you better at math, though.
It is gamey, that's true, but it's like eating rattlesnake.
It makes you better at complex, like calculus and algebraic stuff.
Now, just to make you feel worse, Dave, if you had made it into town tonight, we would
have given you some venison jerky that Potter Nostril left here.
He has these little deers that he plays around with and, you know, he jerks them around and
we ended up with a big bag of deer jerky.
That is good stuff.
Actually, it is.
I've had deer jerky that I did not like much.
I think I did, too.
It was like, oh, it was repugnant.
What I'm looking forward to trying someday is kangaroo jerky.
Pretty much anything that Potter Nostril has anything to do with is pretty tasty.
He's a pretty skillful...
He's good with that cook pot.
That's why I call him Potter.
Potter Nostril.
Well, they have buffaloes and ostriches and other, they call them game meats around here
in big farms and cages and they...
My sister used to raise ostriches, Dave.
She did?
Yes, she did.
They have long necks, don't they?
They have long necks and they have...
They have long claws on the end of long legs that they use to disembowel humans.
Well, yeah, they could take care of a human, I guess, with them feet, yeah.
And I've had ostrich meat and I'm not real fond of it.
It's rubbery.
It's good for one thing, though.
It's good for convincing stupid poe-buckers that if they start an ostrich and emu farm,
they'll soon be rich, they can quit their jobs and it'll be really easy.
That's not what my sister was doing.
Some veterinarian had decided he was going to do it.
He was going to get rich with an ostrich farm and he hired my sister to take care of them
in her backyard, which is 700 acres.
I don't think vets should be carnivores.
I think they should be like Taoists or something.
Well, this guy might have been.
He just wanted to make money off the ostriches and sell them to the Japanese,
who I think actually do eat them.
Well, they render the fat and they use them to make those sobu chips sometimes.
They use them for a lot of different things.
Things like whale blubber and stuff.
At least, so I've heard.
That's on a subgenius chat line.
Dave, you've never been on a subgenius chat line.
You just dreamed you were on it.
Well, you told me that was the way for me to do it, that I didn't have to go to the material grid.
And you believe me?
Ha ha ha!
Hee hee hee hee hee hee!
Reverent Stang, that is so mean.
Why is it mean?
It works.
He's mean.
Is it this one?
No.
It works.
This one?
No.
Oh man, are you looking at them again?
They'll never go away if you keep looking at them, Stang.
Um.
Are you like.
Oh no, I was just looking at the clock.
We have another five minutes or so.
In the last few minutes of the show, I want to leave time to play a few more cuts from Greaser's Palace.
Because one of them is a sermon on the mount by Jesus.
It's only a minute and a half long, but it's really good.
Do you think that's how long the actual sermon was?
It could have been, right?
The sermon about bingo motel cheeseburger gas station with a side of aircraft noise and you have Gary, Indiana.
Yeah, that was the one I was talking about.
Yeah.
Yeah, I have a really good tape of Jesus doing that.
And followed by a nice song, a western song.
Now was that when he.
That's very subgeniously.
Was that when he was giving fish sandwiches to the epistles?
And the other slackers?
I was there when Jesus did that the fishes and the loaves miracle at X Day.
It started out, he goes, we got to feed everybody.
We promised there was going to be this huge feast.
So the Lord went around from camp to camp at X Day.
This was X Day drill, of course, in the 90s.
And to each person he would go, give unto me a loaf and a fish.
And they would.
And at that moment.
At the end of an hour.
By some sort of miracle, Jesus had tables full of loaves and old soggy fish sticks.
Enough to feed the entire camp.
Now that is what we call a subgenius miracle.
That's why Jesus was our business manager until they took his child away and he had to get a real job to pay for lawyers.
Which he's still paying for, but he did get the child back.
You know, you know, that's the so far happy ending of the Jesus.
And Magdalene and Convo stories.
They have.
They're all back together.
They're all back in their original house in Georgia.
And the Cracker Woods.
I could.
Who could have thunk, you know, that the Lord would actually emigrate to the Cracker Woods, to the Piney Woods.
It'd be like one of those guys in Deliverance.
Well, it makes sense.
You know, he's the Prince of Peace and everything.
He was in York, England, and really liked it there and wanted to move his family there.
But see, he.
Jesus works for the conspiracy now.
He used to work for the Church of the Subgenius, as everyone knows.
Yes, Jesus worked for the Church of the Subgenius.
He's one of the few actual full-time employees the church has ever had.
Besides, I mean, not counting the slaves and stuff.
The volunteer bombies and so on.
But.
But yes, it turns out.
Can you believe it?
The conspiracy of the normals actually pays more.
Than the Church of the Subgenius.
And you can learn more about the Church of the Subgenius at www.subgenius.com.
And for those prisoners out there who don't have internet, I'll give that box number.
That's box 18141.
What is it?
Box 181417.
That's right.
Box 181417.
Cleveland Heights, Ohio.
44118.
And we ate of his flesh and his soggy fish sticks.
And he came unto us and preached.
And Dave, I'm going to have to cut you off now.
Nine.
Nine.
Because we're going to do that.
Eight.
Nine.
We're going to do that sermon.
It'll only fit on this show.
Well, I'll listen to it in my space.
Okay.
Okay, on your MySpace.
In my memory.
In my mental space.
Eight, nine.
Right?
Those are the numbers?
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay, pat your little demon for us.
Is this the one?
Pat my Venus.
I'll pat her.
And I won't smack her.
Okay.
Okay.
Mom?
Stop.
Stop.
Stop.
Stop.
He has come.
Put a rope on this son of a bitch.
One moment, please.
I bring you a message.
Exactly six miles north of Skag Mountain in the Valle de la Valle.




There lives an evil devil monster.
His name is Bingo Gas Station Motel Cheeseburger with a side of aircraft noise and you'll be
Gary, Indiana.
And he loves to hurt people.
The last time I saw Bingo Gas Station Motel Cheeseburger with a side of aircraft noise
and you'll be Gary, Indiana.
He told me what he wants to do.
He wants to come down here and kill each and every one of us.
every one of you. But I said to him, bingo, wait a minute. And the reason I said that is because I
believe in you people. I believe you can do the job. I believe you can help each other.
I believe you can make this world a better place to live in.
That's it. Never mind this how you say bingo. Just tell us whether there is a life after
death or not. If you feel, you heal. I was swimming with millions of babies in a rainbow
and they was naked. And then all of a sudden I turned into a perfect smile.
I'm sorry I brought you back, but I need your help. Who are you?
I'm sorry I brought you back, but I need your help.
I'm sorry I brought you back, but I need your help.

I'm on my way to Jerusalem to be an actor-singer.
It is written that the Agent Morris awaits me.
Red Amber Mountains
Navajo guns nearby
A white cloud is floating
Over this land of enchantment
Under turquoise skies
I hear distant drums
I hear roaring guns
I hear indents
I hear a war cry
Horse soldiers in blue
I hear bugles
Under turquoise skies
I have a song that I want to sing
I have a song that I want to sing
I write songs that, that nobody else has heard before.
They need to be on the radio.
They need to be heard by millions of people.
And I'm a social worker, and I'm sittin' around.
And I'm a social worker, and I'm sittin' around.
And I'm a social worker, and I'm sittin' around.
Mudd in my biz
Something's wrong and I don't know, and I don't know what it is.
My girl comes around. She's like, muck in my biz.
She's an ex-rex
She starts playing, she starts playing with me, me, me
All she wants is sex
But take it from me, from me
Hear what I say
I don't need that, there's a better way
So I promise her love, love
As she streams along, I promise her love
Cause sex is weak and love is strong
Teenagers of the world, no sex allowed
Teenagers of the world, no sex allowed
No sex allowed, no sex allowed
No sex allowed
I don't wanna be part of your crowd
No sex allowed
No sex allowed
And if you don't like it, get out of town
Woo-hoo!
That's right, friends.
Reverend Noro Pascual.
Craft says no sex out loud.
Perverted third-versity.
Perverted, perverted, perverted, perverted
You won't regret it.
Lamey homo!
My son!
Welcome to Madway.
The leading Madway is an opportunity for all people to talk to a Madway distributor.
You'll notice the kind of programs so many people.
Around the world, people are more programmed.
Anywhere you go, you go.
Madway is about if you own your own man, you're free, biodegradable, and a handful of Madway.
Grown so large, using massive, strong family values.
Pinkies, pinkies.
And helping others to do the same.
Madway.
Mother, is there anything I can do for you?
I wanna go out today.
You'll go out when I tell you to go out.
You'll always go out.
You'll always be my favorite.
More coffee?
Is it very bad?
I'm afraid it is, Maggie.
Mexican.
From PR News in Washington, I'm in jeopardy.
President Bush is accusing John Negroponte of genocide in Paris.
On Wednesday,
the white man vomited the warship out into his room.
This was for our people.
Unconversionable young man shrunk in from of a

This is额
Dame that had their drunkflank re up to a
scapegoat begins.
A missile
badge
has been笑 snoozed in the air, as if profoundly
wounded people did not attempt this weapon.
Feel like a fed wat ?
followers soon carrying out
France's role in this busy Thanksgiving holiday week.
This holiday season is also the busiest time for PR news.
PR offers you the gift of PR.
Praise God.
Messiah.
Most Holy One, let me see.
Most Holy Messiah.
If you feel you're here.
Messiah.
Let me see.
I can crawl again.
Most Holy One.
If you feel you're here.
I can crawl again.
I can see.
I can see.
Get your hands off me.
What's going down here?
Who am I?
I can crawl again.
This is blasphemy.
Blasphemy.
I can crawl again.
Give to us.
Give us something to live for.
Anything.
We need hope now, love.
Bob is all you need, baby.
Puppy.
Puppy.
Zero.
Zero.
Zero.
Zero.
Zero.
Zero.
Zero.
Zero.
World Church of the Sick Puppy.
Puppy.
World Church of the Sick Puppy.
Puppy.
Puppy.
Puppy.
Puppy.


Jake!
Horse flu.
Sexually abusing, sexually
abusing corpse of a
ninety-two year-old woman
æxecriti human remains
Řxecriti human remains
æxecriti human remains
� Won't see a chance
very distributing
We are horrified
scary
as you go
Z con
Chief year-end
of treatment
I'll end up a loser.
Ladies and gentlemen, Shakespeare said,
See your dentist twice a day.
T.A.S.O. The History
I don't think I like your tea.
Makes your teeth look dull.
It's because tea tastes dull, flat.
It's always dreary.
Because tea never tastes brisk or lively and cheery.
Oh dear.
Oh, what a dreary world of dull tea there is in every cupful.
Well, I would always tell a dog would tree by its bark.
Tree?
There's poor Linda in all that trouble and trouble.
And here you go making tea.
I can't help it, Mary. That's my nature.
I ought to know it's your nature.
Well, why worry about it?
You won't come out alive anyway.
Oh, by the way, this one is tea and soup in the night.
Starring Bob.
This is what Bob can do for you.
It's challenging, isn't it?
This is a dangerous group, is it?
Dangerous?
In the streets.
A sub-deme's a real dangerous man.
To ourselves.
