Welcome to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack, sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
This is Reverend Ivan Stang, Sacred Scribe of the First Orthodox Megafist Temple Lodge of the Church of the Subgenius.
Before the sermon, a message concerning Bob Dobbs, living avatar of Slack and saint of sales on planet Earth.
Insert a thumb under the upper lip.
Oh yes, dear friends, this show, Hour of Slack number 1797, is in actuality Hour of Slack number 5 from the year of 1985.
Has this ever happened to you?
Why, I should have been there, Ted. It was great. There was free booze, great music, one of the best parties I ever went to.
Where were you that night?
Oh, I just kind of stayed home and watched TV. I guess I should have gone, huh?
Didn't you feel stupid? Didn't you wish you could go back to that night, that party?
Well, maybe now there's a way to learn how to do that very thing.
Introducing Bob's School of Time Control. At Bob's, you'll learn how to speed time, slow time, and make time run backwards.
Backwards.
But most importantly, you'll be learning how to make time work for you.
How, you may ask?
Well, just ask this man here.
An actual graduate of Bob's School of Time Control.
One day, my dog ran out in front of a truck. Blango. My dog was dead.
Was I sad till I met Bob. Bob showed me how I could go back, get the registration number for the car, do a slip job on the brakes, and wouldn't you know it, that truck went off into a ditch and burst into flames just exactly a block before he could hit old Booger. Ain't that right, fella?
Yes, just imagine the horrible things that could be undone tomorrow if you had only gone to Bob's School of Time Control today.
Courses start yesterday, but you can catch up. Just right. Bob's School of Time Control. The universe.
Bob's School of Time Control. Division of Subgenius Industries Unlimited.
All right, count me.
Okay, launch area's clear.
All right, look at those.
Central control processor on.
Thank you.
Air locks closed.
My air lock's closed.
Recon vessels, well, this is base control. Commence free departure, Jack Stegman.
Show is starting up.
Life support systems functional.
All right, I think we can begin to broadcast. Oh, we're already broadcasting.
Primary and secondary circuit tests commencing now.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Nice green lights across the board. Yes, the show is warming up.
Yes, and you can see your radio light up, and if you look inside the speakers real close, you may be able to see the picture.
Free departure check sequence completed.
Thank you.
Awaiting navigational input interface with base computer.
Okay, here we go.
Open phone lines tonight, please.
Phone lines are open.
All right.
Energize the caller, please.
Ah, yes, dear friends. Welcome to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob, and we'll be orbiting your area.
For the next hour.
Carrying the message, the seed word of the faith of Bob. The faith in Bob. FIB, we call it.
Can you keep up the FIB, friend?
You want to dump the main shunts? Thank you.
All right.

Somewhere over there.
Show is, uh, show is right up on the green lines, doctor.
Okay.
Show is fully on the line.
We will be landing on another show.
We will be docking with another show tonight. Pardon me.
You can't land on another show.
We've caused a nuclear explosion.
We'll be docking with show four from San Francisco tonight.
And, uh, hold onto your seats and...
Oh!
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God!
Dump him!
Dump him!
No matter how much you shake and dance,
the last few drops go down your pants!
Hit me!
Hit me!
The world is getting rougher day by day
If you think it's gonna get any better
Just keep dreaming away
You've got to hold your head up high all day and night
Cause you're probably the only weapon you need
To settle up a fight
No matter how much you shake and dance
The last few drops go down your pants
No matter how much you scream and shout
Ain't nobody gonna try to help you on out
No matter how much you piss and moan
Ain't nobody gonna go and leave you alone
No matter how much you whack your head
You're better off living than being dead
Hit me, hit me
Society pushes harder on you every day
You've got to get what you make
And you're here to learn

Say
Oh, you get what you take
And even do you know
There ain't enough to go around
And it's starting to show
The planet's getting fuller all the time
The man in your brain
Just like the grape turning to wine
We've got to destroy the forces
That are still in your sack
Scare all them mothers
Give them one big heart attack
We've got to regain control of our destiny
Cause they want to take it away from you and me
But we've got to stop all this fighting amongst ourselves
Cause that just keeps them confused
And they think that's swells with
Stand up for your rights
And soon you'll win them back
Or else they'll barbecue you
While you're lying there on your back
Ah, man
No matter how much you shake and dance
The last few drops go down your plans
No matter how much you scream and shout
Ain't nobody gonna try to help you on out
No matter how much you piss and moan
Ain't nobody gonna go and leave you alone
No matter how much you wipe your head
You're better off living than being dead
Hit me, hit me
Ah
Yeah
Well, that was Brother Cleve
Cleve Duncan
Slackmaster Cleve and the Spurious Drive
Doing that lovely old hymn
No matter how much you shake or dance
The last few drops
And you know the rest, boys
Maybe you
How'd these kids get into the station?
This is the children's mission, Doctor
Yes, this is the children's hour
For the Church of the Subgenius
Kids for Bob
Say, kids!
Kids!
Tevis, come over here!
Tell us what you think about Bob, Tevis
Nothing
A wise answer
There is wisdom
I know about him, about spaceships
You know about spaceships and Bob
And that's all you need to know, friends
Praise Bob
Bob and the spaceships
Ah, thank you
You're welcome, Bob
We'll see you in the next episode
See you then
Bye
Bye
Bye


Bye
Bye















Wow, чтобы
They tour
this
on here
I'm gonna reveal something about that.
I'm gonna write that and stay in the house.
When some geniuses came in, they took all my furniture
and sold it to buy me this neck brace that I can't take off now.
And they said it was a living being and that...
Oh, the hell.
Ah!
Bring the upper lip down below the upper teeth.
Be sure to keep it down until the fingers are in position.
At each corner of the mouth, insert a thumb under the upper lip.
Now slide the thumbs along the inside of the upper lip
until they are positioned just below and to the side of each nostril.
Okay.
Those boys.
These shows.
These incredible shows.
Well, we're still beating it to you.
100 million gigahertz of hydrogen line fusion powered radio.
We're stars of the stars.
Yes, indeed, friends.
We've got 143 solar systems on 11 different galactic quadrants
all tuned in at this very moment.
We've been known to work one sidereal day for every Earth day.
And you know they're slightly longer.
Well, yes, here's part of our guest.
Hello.
Yes, this is our...
This is the guest yeast for the evening.
He's a nice little job from Antares 4 and a half.
We picked up his signal last week and were able to tune him in.
And this is all he does.
He sits in his little trans-dimensional box and broadcasts this message to all of us.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.

Bob loves you real illegal in a real way.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Welcome back to the show The Subgenius Div Nit.
Yes...
This is Doctor G. Gordon Gordon.
And Reverend Ivan Stang.
We're sitting her to bring you the word of God.
And don't you feel divine now?
And don't be afraid.
It's just a little radio show and...
And don't you be afraid.
It's.....
The radio show 다음에


scary. Yeah, it's scary, friends. Scary show. It could get scarier depending on what whatever
parakeet mixes we drop in. That's right, but remember one thing, it doesn't matter what
life cycle you belong to and whether your basic metabolism is carbon, silicon, or plasma,
we're broadcasting to you because this is the first intergalactic church of dogs. Yes, friends,
this is the church for every form of life that knows how to snicker. Yes, indeed. Every life
form that can enjoy and appreciate slack, dear friends. Yes, and the mysteries, those who
appreciate the mysteries. Ah, the mysteries, yes, that sweet, sweet burning mystery of slack.
Yes, and when finally they learn the answer to the mystery of why on that great day,
that one day, the sound of the slack goes rippling. This is what it sounds like, friends.
Yeah, listen to that slack rippling long, it did a lovely sound. Oh, yes,
receive the splendor of that slack sound, friends. Ah, yes. Ah, doesn't it drip through
your frontal lobes or depending upon your metabolism, of course, sometimes your back
lobes. Sometimes it just runs down there.
Sometimes it just runs down your spine and dribbles out. Sometimes it just dribbles through
their cells and oozes through the pores. Oh, we know that somewhere out there you're listening
to the sound of slack. We can't give you too much of this air slack because. Nay, nay.
No, no. We can't let you get all hooked. You'd just be sitting by your radios from now on.
You wouldn't be able to do anything. Wait until next week when the subgenius hour of slack
comes back. Ah, but. So that you can soak up some more of the healing power that
can be mysteriously broadcast. That's right. So put your, put your appendage, your pseudopod,
your flipper, your hand, your manipulator, your chela, your mandible, whatever you got,
friends. It doesn't matter if it's a scaly, horny carapace or a squamous druid mollusk-like
mucus secretin' skin. Just, just place your little sensory appendage upon your transmitter
receiver unit and you will receive.
The benefit of this slack, this air slack. And when finally you discover the mystery,
the answer to the mystery of the slack, why, on that day you will be killed and re-killed
and re-killed again in the scalding and scathing acid love of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Hallelujah. Praise Bob.
E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I. Ah, yes, friends. Well, well, Dr. Stang, I think perhaps we oughta. We oughta.
Turn the slack.
Turn the generator down a little bit. Let these pour.
Just soothe them out with it. Don't drop them off sudden now. Just there you are. Yes, friends.
Just a rug. A rug of slack underneath.
That little tiny layer that separates you from the hard, cold floor of reality.
Well, we'd love to get you hooked, but we wouldn't be able to supply it.
That's right.
It'd be like Dawn of the Dead all over again. Shambling zombies for Bob.
Shambling slack zombies.
Trying to get some more of that great stuff that they're selling.
That beautiful, that beautiful essence, that vital secretion of the heart, soul of Dobbs, that one thing that he possesses more than any other entity in the universe.
And, friends, we're talking about slack.
Don't you wish you had it?
Don't you wish you had that sound with you all the time? Don't you like to wrap yourself up in that slack, that big, warm, fuzzy, woolly slack, and just snuggle into it and say, ah.
Ah.
You had just one Bob pill, like this one in this little vial.
This one.
And we have one, listeners. We have one. And this one pill would be enough to impart into you the essence of the Stark Fist of Removal.
You would become Vishnu the Destroyer, friends.
That's right. You would dance upon the helix of the ever-changing quantum universe, shifting your eigenstatt.
Yeah.
Dogs have always been my friend.
And we've had many dogs during these years.
Now we have you.
And I think he, I think they saved the best of the last.
He is the friendliest and the smartest.
And the most confident in his attention of all the dogs that I've known.
Best for the last.
He is the friendliest.
He is the wanderer and adventurer of peace.
He is the friendliest and the smartest.
And the smartest in the world.
Yeah.
And the most confident.
He is the friendliest of all the dogs that I've known.
And the most and the most confident.
The man told her he didn't belong there anymore.







one in Johnson City that he must have just wandered in here, or jumped out of someone's
car, or we have always thought maybe he was with a circus.
And Ricky's been here ever since.
We like to worry that if the owner ever
asks about him, to direct him here.
But I'm glad that the owner never missed him,
because I surely would if he left me.
Me.
If you don't get some flea powder in the bath,
he wants to go in the car.
You want to go on a ride?
You want to go and see the cattle?
You want to go see them?
Will you?
You want to come?
Well, got it, Ruggers.
But got to.
å
. . . You.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Hey, that new church air is just great.
The new screen excitement you've been waiting for.
Rated PG.
Close your eyes and pretend with me for a few seconds.
Your doorbell rings and there's a chaplain standing quietly.
He tells you...
...repeating liberation right around the world and will die to do it.
That's amazing.
Tape recorders, tape all over there, buddy.
Before making any additional statements about my subject,
I'd like to make it clear that in any reference I make to the church on today's broadcast,
I'll be speaking in broad and certainly not specific terms.
That is, I will be referring primarily to the institutionalized church.
Everyone uses...
Now to continue with the tape recording.
We're going to see...
Get ready.
What I'm talking to you about today is the most up-to-date thing that I could talk to you about.
We're living in the closing moments of this dispensation.
So, housewives, take this tip from the growers of Idaho potatoes,
whose potatoes make delicious French flies.
And as we watched, my friend...
My friend...
My friend...


...is suddenly and violently vomiting.
Who's going to listen to that?
And when they do, how are they going to feel?
Well, I don't have to think about that.
You do.
Whoever you are.
Wish you were a genius but feel like only a sub-genius?
Have a kisser Darth Vader's mom would expunge?
Tired of gorge-clogging crypto-wimpism?
I have a solution.
Stay tuned in the weeks to come for exciting lectures such as...
Drink Your Way to Happiness.
And a special tour of the Roy Rogers Museum,
where InBod will prove the trigger has moved again.
All this and more on your favorite soundtrack for a crumbling society,
Food Fights of the Gods.
All great things are happening.
God is showing people things.
Many of you are hearing verses.
You're tormented. Your mind is tormented.
You're foaming. You're...
Some of you husbands and wives.
You mumble, grumble, complain, falsify.
A few demon powers has tried to destroy your marriage, your home.
So you need to come.
If you can't, man, you ought to get these tapes anyhow on Demonology.
Tape 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6.
And they're on right on up till we get through.
And we'll be offering the tape on,
Can a Christian be demon-possessed at the end of the program?
But we're going to take you into that service right now.
We're going to take you now into that service.
First in progress, what we are sharing on this subject,
Can a Christian be demon-possessed?
Tape 2, 3, 4, 5, 6.
And they're on right on up till we get through.
And we're going to take you now into that service right now.
Hundreds of New Yorkers at a religious revival
chanting the name of a modern-day prophet, Bob.
Bob's teachings are the foundation of a church
that does little more than parody cults and American consumerism.
It's called the Church of the Subgenius.
Tom Battelli has this report.
You will pay to know what you really think.
But if you give us money, we will tell you what to think.
And not only have you paid to know what you really think,
but once you will get value for your dollar.
Americans will buy anything, and they're getting sold short.
That's the message of the Church of the Subgenius
as delivered by the Pope of all New York, David Meyer, at a recent revival.
Meyer also instructed the enthusiastic crowd in how to get slack,
how to get right with Bob, and how to pull the wool over your own eyes.
For they shall see God.
It's still true.
God still speaks in special ways to each of us today.
But my feelings toward him are still so brittle and sour.
I don't care, don't care, don't care, don't care, don't care, don't care, don't care, don't care, don't care, don't care, don't care anymore.
Tired, I'm tired, I'm tired, I'm tired.
I can't tolerate it. I can't live with it.
And that's how I became a subgenius.
Children, the great St. Lenny Bruce said,
American society cripples you and arrests you for limping.
Here in the Church of the Subgenius we say,
Cast off those crutches and crawl with pride!
You can crawl again!
You can crawl again, children.
And this is the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
We've been playing media barrage tapes on these shows,
which are edited primarily by Puzzling Evidence in Oakland, California,
Dr. Byron Werner in Los Angeles, California,
and me, Reverend Ivan Stang.
Of course, what I mainly do is just take the stuff that people send in and rip them off to the max.
And now this side of the show is about to end, listener,
and you're going to have to flip this show over in order to hear the rest of it.
Now, if you're tied up and can't get to the radio to do that,
why, let's just hope that you've got auto-reverse as we...
Welcome back, friends, to the Hour of Slack Radio Ministry on K-N-O-N, the non-station...
This is for admirable people.
Let it out, let it out.
Aren't you worried? Don't you want to get out?
Now, we need to be grabbed on a mix of dots.
Okay, Fred, Fred Hood?
Yes, we dare you. Try it.
Okay, right now, try it right now, Doc. Here we go.
Bob hung up on us. He is dead.
It's true.
Good morning, caller. What happened?
Could it be a big cover-of-the-mandate thing at all?
No, we're not going to cover anything.
Poor girl. She's in that bubbling vat of jokes.
I'd be here to hear your question, but we're going to throw a tarp over it and protect it from the elements.
Yeah, we might throw a tarp over it. That's all we'll cover.
This young lady has the jokes.
All day?
All day, yeah.
But if you come down to the station right now, we're going to use them.
We'll cover you up with something soft and warm, too.
We're going to have to reverse the charger.
I don't like it. I'm in the dark.
You've been in the dark a long time, Doc.
I do like it. I want to go home.
I don't like the ridges. You can feel the ridges on the other side of the road.
This is the most miserable thing I've ever seen. It's joyous.
It's too late. You joined the Church of the Subgenius.
That's too bad, boys.
Now you know what subgenius hell is really like, yes?
Forced to do the show that you can't say it's ever going to be.
Listen to how they're in hell.
We can view their dead souls in hell.

And they still can't quit doing the show.
I have heard that in a brown-winged bay.
And if you don't know what happens, you can't admit it.
Or if you do, they just call them out and you can't keep the endless show.
Blibbit, blibbit, blibbit.
Blibbit, blabbit, and blubbit.
I bet you can't say something.
You can blubbit or you can bliebit.
I can't blab such blibber blubber.
You'll have to listen very, very carefully.
I have your son.
And you can see possibly.
You know that you can't do it.
What do you think you are anyway?
You're going to rot.
You create problems that you can't possibly be able to come up with.
If my demands are not met, I will kill a few of your parents.
A nun or a funny thing.
There's the little head in his little head coffin.
That's right.
And one neck bone.
And one neck bone.
Moving to the large pit to be buried with the rebar.
I think that they run the show.
But little do they know that they have put so much of their energy into the show that the show is now a great shambling entity within itself.
The hideous show.
And they are mere organs within this great hideous, drooling, rugose squamous sesquipedalian show.
No kidding.
And our listeners of our show must suffer the same way.
Because it's their show that's our show.
That's right.
This is the easy bit.
You can't keep track of it.
But it's following you all the time.
Go ahead.
Try to turn it off.
We'll keep hearing it.
The endless show.
The show of shows.
Yes.
Hell on earth.
Oh yeah.
You think, well it's funny.
I'm on radio personality.
I'm just going to have me a show.
Yee-haw.
Yes sir.
E-bob.
And then you've been on that show and you've been on that show.
And you look at your calendar watch one day and you realize.
I'm on radio personality.

It's just that the last half an hour has taken a little over 143 years.
Ha ha ha.
And you begin to wonder?
You begin to wonder?
You begin to wonder, what is the deal with this Bob Dobbs character?
And what is this time control?
And these subgenius characters on their radio shows.
What's this this Dobbs drone signal they constantly speak of?
Yes, what is the Dobbs drone signal?
The thing that locks in to their very innermost self.



and draws out that which it desires.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Makes the gland grow.
And it's too late now.
Even if you unplug your radio,
when you can't hear the show,
the show can hear you.
This is the show that listens back, friends.
Face it, 1984 happened a year ago.
We were doing the implementing of the big eyes,
the eye of taxis, dear friends.
Remember the eye of every year here in Texas.
The eye of taxis.
It watches.
Yeah, yeah.
Ever been kicked in the taxis, my friends?
Anybody ever got you around?
You're your Blancas lately?
Yeah.
What kind of a show do you think this is?
Just your average little rock and roll music show?
Your average.
Comedy talk show?
Your average satire and social comment and parody show?
It's a squeaky show is what it is.
That's right, dear friends.
It's the dead subgenius in the middle of the road hour.
The dead subgenius in the middle of the road hour?
I could forget all that stuff now.
It wasn't important anymore.
The time when those who sleep are deep in their dreams.
The hurry and the people who...
I feel better.
I can't figure out why their hands are in their...
Mom, mom, mom!
Mom, mom, mom!
On the church of the subgenius radio show...
The doctors of the air operate without warning.
Warning.
We will operate soon.
Warning.
Warning.
Warning.
We must warn.
It doesn't have to be true.
Well, here we are again.
It just doesn't have to be true.
Because we're always here.
Your final instructions?
I may sound like a Bible-beater yelling up a revival at a river crossing camp meeting,
but that don't change the truth, none.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
I want to see if one person, one single person,
will have the courage of their conviction
and come down here and open up to Bob and give them, give me their wallet.
I don't just want your money.
Don't just want your credit cards.
We want your library cards, your voter registration.
Give it all up now, okay?
One person, that's all we need.
Actually, Bob doesn't care.
Bob is the richest man on earth.
He doesn't care.
He doesn't care.



He doesn't care.
He doesn't care.
He doesn't care.




All he wants is souls.
He wants you to have slack.
He wants you to fight the conspiracy.
And it is going to take some fighting because they are everywhere.
The conspiracy is everywhere.
The television shows you watch, the rock and roll songs that they play over and over and
over and over again.
Of course, this station excluded.
President got me excluded.
But J.R. Bob Dobbs is here to spread abnormality.
Yes, the seed of Bob is yours.
abnormality potential.
We're not talking about this consumer abnormality.
No, sir.
We're not looking for a hip audience.
We're not looking for a sophisticated audience.
We're looking for an audience that is willing to believe everything.
An audience that cannot escape because only then does it stop being an audience and participate
in the isness of Bob.
The last thing that we want is a vast stadium full of geeks, 80,000 strong, waiting for
us to come on stage and entertain them.
We want them to found their own church.
Get on the streets and entertain themselves.
Bob preaches short-duration personal saviors.
You should skip from one personal savior to the next.
It could be a wine bottle.
We live in a consumer society, ladies and gentlemen.
Planned obsolescence.
Things wear out fast.
Not our fault.
That's the way it is, and we understand.
Because Bob came.
Bob doesn't care about your sins.
Bob won't die for your sins because Bob's not the son of God.
Bob won't die for your sins.
Bob won't forgive you for your sins.
All Bob cares about is that Bob will justify your sins.
He'll justify your sins and make them part of his plan.
The lights have gone down just slightly.
The Mr. Science Lecture Series.
Volume 1, number 1.
The.
Neutron.
Delivered by the Reverend Seth Deitch, First Church of Mr. Science, Boston.
Outside the realm of conspiracy science and in the clear light of the so-called forbidden sciences,
we will find we have a far greater chance of understanding the true nature of the universe.
What the conspiracy feeds us under the guise of the most advanced system of natural philosophy
is nothing but a complex sham.
A decoy to hide from us.
A true fact of how much bigger and more complex and nut-wrenchingly frightening a place the universe really is.
We are told about matter and energy and space and time as being either consistent realities governed by laws
or as foggy abstracts that have no particular being outside of that of being convenient linguistic aids to make the whole thing easier to swallow.
We at the Temporal Management Research Facility of the Church of Mr. Science of the Subgenius,
have through rigorous probing through mountains of existing and full-known works on the subject of time and its methods of control,
have discovered the key for blowing the whistle on the whole fraudulent twaddle that is modern science.
This key is the neutron.
The truth must now be told.
How it was covered up for so long would make a story intriguing enough for a separate book,
but it's too involved to be told here.
The actual issue at hand is the neutron and its pivotal role in the mutron's life.


The neutron is the
In order to properly understand the following, it must first be made clear what actually constitutes an elementary particle.
The first of these basic particles is the electron, which has no mass but possesses a charge that is commonly described as possibly infinite,
thus making it the fundamental unit of energy.
It and other related particles, i.e. positrons, photons, gravitons, etc., acting in concert, make up the Yakutismic field,
which is responsible for holding everything that is anything together.
The second is the much rarer infinite mass particle, commonly called a black hole.
These particles, like the electrons, occupy no space, but the influence of a single particle can be felt at a much greater distance.
They often have event horizons many miles wide, beyond which not even light can escape.
The third fundamental particle is the neutron.
The neutron is the electron that is responsible for holding everything that is anything together.
The neutron carries with it an infinite temporal capacity that makes it alter the rate and intensity and general quality of the passage through time of anything it touches.
The neutron is very likely the rarest particle in this universe.
As far as we know, there might well be only one of them, though there could be as many as a few dozen without generating a dangerous concentration of neutron phenomena.
The first segment of this report will deal with the general implications of the neutron in regards to existing ideas on the work in progress.
The second will concern the incredible potentialities of using the potent forces of the neutron in time control research and in practical time control.
Section A. Just how fucking big everything really is.
What we know is the universe can be envisioned as a giant atom with the black hole acting as the nucleus and the neutron or mutrons acting as the electron cloud,
with the electrons providing the energy for the neutron to move.
The system can be explained as a neutron in the form of a neutron that is a particle that is in the form of a neutron.
The neutron is a particle that is a neutron.

The neutron has a corresponding anti-particle known as the tachyon, which travels through time in a direction which we perceive as backwards,
so that to someone who is not in the know it will appear to exceed the speed of light.
The simple fact of the matter is that tachyons are extremely powerful,
universal mutrons impinging on our universe at a different temporal angle.
These are the mutrons of atom universes that ours is in compound with. After this
the atomic metaphor breaks down. No atom of mere matter divides itself into
alternate cells almost constantly, but our universe does. All the time the
universe splits in order to express every alternative open to any phenomenon transpiring
within no matter how small or seemingly insignificant. This is the only way our minds
express the perception of the fifth dimension, or more properly the second dimension of time.
So this introduces the concept of time viewed as a plane, rather than a line.
But there's another dimension of space, and so is the case with the time there is also
a corresponding up down time. This is the direction in
which our computers are menuing. We have one and two dimensions each of the given



mental eyes exist. In this direction we find alternate time tracks similar to the
sidewise ones, with the difference being that theirs is oriented in the
direction opposed to temporal gravity, so that elements of those other selves are
constantly falling into our awareness from above.
The neutron passes through all these spaces with equal ease and is modulated
by them much like the photon is modulated by bouncing off or passing
through matter. Thus information of a very subtle and distorted nature is
conveyed to us from our other universes on the neutron Express. We call this
information Gnosis and its influence has been felt by mankind time and again for
as long back as we have records and no doubt back to our very genesis and
before. The earliest known neutron impact on Earth occurred in the era of the dawn
of life. The primordial sea teamed with the most
powerful meteorites in the universe, the C-1 and the C-2, and the C-3 and the C-4. The primordial sea teamed with the most powerful
primitive of bacteria. Their genetic material was a simple molecule shaped
like a lumpy ladder. It was very chemically stable. The neutron passed
through Earth and spewed out a wake that left each and every molecule of DNA
twisted beyond recognition. In this state its stability was ruined and any force
or random glitch that Mother Nature had to offer changed it somehow. Thus
evolution had begun. Another notable neutron impact occurred about 60 million
years ago at the end of the age of the dinosaurs. The particle struck and its
wake left the intelligence of the dinosaurs increased a million fold. They
promptly sat down, figured out how to teleport, and promptly took off on
around-the-universe vacation. Presumably they will someday return.
Another notable neutron impact only about five million years ago was
responsible for the division of the human and yeti races. The vast majority
of these events however affect individual beings or objects. One such
example is Great Britain's Stonehenge Monument which was not man-made as is
popularly presumed but is merely the material evidence of a rather minor
neutron splash. Certain great sages of the past and present have actually had
neutrons pass directly through their crania. A partial listing of these select
people will give an idea of the effects that may be expected of such an
encounter. Gautama Buddha,
the Prophet Enoch, Ankh-Natan, Leonardo, William Beckford, Alistair Foley, Marcel
Duchamp, R. Buckminster Fuller, Antonio Gaudi, Arnold Palmer, the list goes on.
It's interesting to note that J.R. Bob Dobbs is the only known human being
through whom a neutron is passed twice. After going through the back of his head
it was reflected by the mystic pipe of Dobbs back through his head for a
double dose of gnosis. In the light of this particular view one might ask what
about the Big Bang and all that stuff. Well it seems that matter does not play a
very big role in the actual nuts and bolts operation of the universe. In fact
we find that it is the case in about half the universe's sample that there is
no matter at all. Section B. What we must do about all this. It is well known that
the electron can be pressed into service for all kinds of uses. It might be less
well known that alien civilizations of a level only slightly more advanced than
ours routinely use the enormous amount of energy that we have for the purpose of
power made available by tapping into the gravity fluxes of quantum black holes.
It's also possible to use the time potentials of the neutron to our own great advantage.
The neutron is not subject to the same methods of coercion that we use to bend normal subatomic
particles to our will. They're oblivious to matter and energy alike. The power of pure thought,
because of its intimate relationship with time, does have some small effect.
Mutrons are attracted to areas of concentrated slackful enlightenment. A neutron container
accelerator could be charged with a neutron if enough slackful minds concentrated their energies
around a scoop entrance to the neutron accelerator. Once contained therein, it would take relatively
little effort on the part of these minds to maintain it in a circular path. One purely
technical problem facing this proposal is the size of the accelerator needed. There is a property of

of the neutron that it will only travel in the most gentle of curves.
The minimum diameter of a circle to be traveled by a neutron is approximately 1,000 miles.
Fortunately, we have easy access to an extraterrestrial body more than three times that size, Earth's
moon.
The accelerator can be built in a ring completely circumnavigating the lunar sphere about 100
feet below its surface.
Because of the mental effort that would run it, it would be known as the psychotron.
The psychotron would be a valuable tool in the use of practical time control.
By accelerating the neutron in one direction or another, the entire moon could be induced
to follow it in whatever temporal direction it might be directed, forward, backward, sideways,
or up-down.
Having this ability opens amazing possibilities.
It is my proposal that this device be constructed for use in a major project to concentrate
high slack wisdom in this universe.
The single most rare and highly effective device in the universe is the Psycotron.
The most radiant personality among modern man is J.R.
Bob Dobbs.
There are other alternate Bobs existing on other alternate time tracks.
Not all of them are as prominent as our Bob, but still are privy to the same great gnosis.
Others are already the rulers of their respective Earths.
All though are truly Bob.
Imagine if we could travel to those alternative time streams and convince all of those Bobs
to return to our world.
This is exactly what I am seeing.
suggesting the formation of the Congress of Bobs.
Yes, my friends, this is our mission.
Those who wish to donate to the Psychotron Project
will be given a free ride to the alternate world of their choice
once the project is complete.
Thank you.
The preceding has been a Plepo Abernathy production.
No, the audience is not far away.
The Master Control Show here in the Master Control Program
is controlling the show.
And this show will be the show that you'll probably never hear.
And this show will go off to another subgenius show in another land.
And that will be a third show layered upon this show.
And after that show, it will go on
and continue spreading like a fire.
A virus layer upon layer upon layer
fading in and out from one another.
It doesn't have to be changed.
Well, here we are again.
It just doesn't have to be changed.
That's right.
And if you are a nice listener,
we're going to read the whole phone book to you.
Everyone's in the phone book.
That's right.
Remember something I mentioned this morning.
Behold, the bowels of the heavens
shall be opened to smite and trump the earth with strangeness.
You, look.
It's the colon of the earth.
Let's pretend like we have a contest going.
We'll just call it.
Call people in the phone book and say,
You, what?
A little bit farther up the colon.
Yes, there it lives, flapping in the wind.
Like hideous worms of reincarnation
in a hell spirit world
that you don't even know about
because you're too ignorant.
Ignorant because you're just a listener.
That's all.
Just a mere listener.
Oh, the pathetic fool.
The earth fool.
Oh, ye stiff-legged,
ye, ye pathetic,
third-dimensional creatures.
If you could but know,
could but dream for an instant
of that which could await you,
were you good enough
to...
Friends,
there's no escape.
Literally, no escape
from the show
that never ends.
Oh, wasn't there some
rock and roll song about the show
that never ends?
The tape machine and the
bulk eraser and the Jerry Jeff preacher
and that little collar
calls up Genial Security
on your priority code channel.
This message will not repeat.
Thank you for your attention.
Please, make a note of it.
I get a joke.
How did Jerry Jeff Collar get the chicken fried steak
out of his armpits?
The trick of picking chicken
is picking what chicken to pick.
You can't get it out of your armpits
once it's put in the way he does it.
Arms for defense.
Those arms are the pits.
Yes.
Keep on arming.
Well, Jerry Jeff,
we armed the world tonight.
You'll wind up in the pits, yes.
The basic message,
if today's a military environment.
It's quiet out there.
We're going to take you
to a piece of tough rib eye steak.
He's a flibberty jibber
and a hick to mimic
a Honda Sock-to-loo rib tickler.
That's stuff too, yes, right.
Let's call it a necessary,
completely unauthorized,
and overextended military operation
in a completely virgin environment.
The zickering of a thicket
of gigantic crickets.
Yes, the zickering of the thicket.
Don't just turn that down.
We don't want any of that stuff
happening here.
In the swamp
bongs the gongs
of a throng of frogs
while a knee-deep sheep
bleats in a sliver
of slippery stream
where slimy snakes
whisper sinful secrets.
Let's go back to the
knee-deep sheep dip, okay?
The knee-deep sheep dip
dipped deep down below
the steep and chilly waters
of the deep stream
floats on the surface
like the ancient Egyptians
floated on the current
of their belief.
For they thought
they would never die,
but be reborn
as gargling sarcophagi,
horrible mummies
to march across the earth
and wreak and spew vengeance.
Give me the pyroflagellate.
All of the little
tiny dead deities
marched down the side
of the subgenius church
and now it is at night.
Within the great pyramid
the secret chamber
of the subgenius.
My God.
What light and steam
come from the special effects department
located below the pyramid?
Here, inside the heart
of the mighty structure,
puzzling evidence
broadcasts
from the inner chamber
of the great pyramid.
Yeah, I'll teach you all
how to talk on the radio.
Come on down.
Yes, these giant pyramids
are actually radio stations
of a primitive nature
which broadcast
by the subgenius church.
I'll play radio.
I'll play radio.
I'll play rock and roll
until every race falls apart.
I'll copy that old
Brock and Bergman movie.
Then they would show
the strange films
to the walls of the...
Come on, let's watch G-Man.
I don't want to learn
how to talk like that guy
in the movies.
...mummified kitty cats
in their canoptic jars
would ever view
these great epics.
Oh, why did they have
to pull kitty's brain
out through a nostril?
The cat as well as
the diggy dog
was a mysterious
and powerful god
that had to be placated.
What a powerful god.
Let's placate him.
No, I ran.
They would have
chopped kitty's
nostril open.
...out through her brain
with a little machine
they've invented.
Yes, they drew your brain
out through your nostrils
with silver hooks.
This I learned
at the house of my father,
the brain extractor
by the Nile.
But I haven't finished
with that brain.
That is all right,
said Hue.
You may have the brain
of the next traveler
who passes by.
Ah, my son,
there are many brains
for us to work on.
For the land of Egypt
is mighty and rich
and the Nile Belt...
Brain after brain
was passed
from one listener
to another.
And they would call
the show
and fight the show.
Suddenly,
they saw a little brat
in the bulrushes
in a basket.
I see you down there,
little caller.
How can so many people
be without one brain?
I have only one brain
to divide amongst all these.
And so,
little Sinue learned
of head-launching
and how it was done
by the mighty river.
Like Vic Morrow
and, uh...
Ah, the holy Vic Morrow,
the only true head-launching
done here in California
by a professional crew
filmed the right way.
Not this false armor
or Palmer garbage.
No, I don't want to.
It would have made it worse.
Make better golfers.
But we can't talk about that
because it would leave
this station live,
open to libel
and slander.
That's our lawyer now.
Oh, my God, he heard us.
That guy's gonna sue us
about the bleeding handle
that is
subliminal message.
...station KXCI
in Tucson, Arizona.
Station KABF
in Little Rock, Arkansas.
As Hal falls back
on reading the list of stations
that don't play any of this stuff
ever again.
They don't anymore either.
We wonder,
if we want it all in the notes.
We hope you enjoy our program.
He calls in all the time.
And continue to provide us
with valuable callers
and channel messages
just to tell us
how we're doing.
What kind of thing is this?
...programming.
What kind of song
is this?
What do they know of life?
On the Church of the Subgenius Show.
...virtually all of the subgenius funds
and absconded and lived in luxury
for many years thereafter.
Hi, little caller.
And now it's showtime.
Time for the subgenius hour and a half.
The show that dare not even exist.
The sun comes up
over northern central California.
And we wonder why we're awake.
It's only four on Friday afternoon.
We're finishing the last tape
of the show now.
In 24 hours,
people will hear this show
on the radio.
And they'll think it's loud.
And they'll call up
and pretend.
...the first church of life.
No, no.
This caller.
This.
No.
Me.
Kill me.
No.
No.
He's a tough ribeye state.
He's a...
Let's know show story.
We all going?
Oh, yeah.
That show's still running
endlessly,
mindlessly,
reasonlessly,
like most,
most lives nowadays.
No guidance,
no center.
Yes, yes.
Hear that sound,
dear friends?
Do you hear that
low, mournful sound?
That's the sound
of a normal soul
floating off,
uh,
unhinged,
and, uh,
its anchor raised,
leaving,
leaving its body
and floating off
to join the other
normal souls
in the great syrup
where they're all
stirred together
to be reborn again
all exactly alike.
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
And here,
high atop the inner
first bank building
in Dallas, Texas,
we broadcast
this news
of the final truth,
the ultimate punchline
of the end of the universe
to you,
the mere listener.
Ah, yes.
The show comes in
for a landing once again.
Hi, Bridget.
Okay, can you take it from here?
Because, uh, run the old computer on 7th.
I've got to go over there again.
Oh, you're gonna play with the,
the beast again, eh?
No, the beast's been programmed.
It's, it's, it's,
it's doing the squid run right now.
But I have to get some more
of that frock, Doctor.
Oh, oh, wait, uh, there's,
the, good lord!
You've got, you have,
you, Doctor, have consumed
an entire bathtub
full of the sacred,
Tibetan herb,
habor frock, zip you off.
Wait, wait a minute, listen.
Listen.
What?
It's Recon Metal 12.
Oh, no.
Shh.
Launch base,
hey, we've got a,
um,
Well, hold on.
We'll be back after this message.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
And so we find our time running out again,
as I say, this,
the same way every show,
it all ends, uh,
the same way.
I recommend reading prescripture 16, 14, 17, 18,
and you can write for information
on how to receive these precious subgenius tapes,
because friends,
we need blankets and contraceptives
for those boys and girls in the home
for slackless children.
Your contributions also keep those we hate
starving to death.
I command you to spill your gift seed pledge
of 100 pounds of dollar bills in my lap,
as this will buy modeling clay,
and transformer toys for those poor children's dogs.
We'll bless you for planting this seed,
faith,
ah, yes,
uh,
amen.
And now our announcer will give you our mailing address.
That's the Church of the Subgenius,
P.O. Box,
807,
Glen Rose,
Texas,
76043.
Thank you. This is Reverend Ivan Stanks,
and conscribed to the Church of the Subgenius,
this time with Dr. G. Gordon Gordon
from the Brazilian clench, Pope of all South America.
Praise Bob, my friends, and let there be swag.
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
