From PR News in Washington, I'm plotting to start a solar-powered PR training camp in Oregon.
President Bush will not solve the nation's energy problems, but he says
the Energy Policy Act is going to help every American to expand.
The U.N.'s watch agency has confirmed that PR News has restarted conversion activities,
a step that the U.S. and the European Union have warned would lead them to seek PR News in Washington.
What is a drug?
A drug. Hallucinogens, such as LSD and psilocybin, mushrooms, cause
the self-genius power of slush.
Stimulants, such as amphetamine, cocaine, MDMA, ecstasy, speed up or overstimulate
the self-genius power of slush.
Did the person make an unusual action or statement?
Did the subject...
Say anything about...
BAH! BAH!!!
Detective deleted the chronic user for up to 30 days
Pretty FCCk!!!
сможęetic IPK
mı judgmentaliz kindly




So friends, I have not yet answered the question, what is the church of the subgenius?
And it's a difficult question to answer because basically it is an answer that didn't wait around for a question.
It's never straight up and down.
It's never straight up and down.
It's never straight up and down.
It's never straight up and down.
It's never straight up and down.
Wiggly whale, wiggly whale.
Oh God, I want to live a little wiggly whale.
Wiggly whale, wiggly whale.
Now it can be told, friends, we're all defo.
This particular episode of this show, number 1012 of Hour of Slack,
will replace drugs by devolving your mind down far enough to make you almost normal.
Which for a subgenius...
is really, really messed up.
Sort of like being high but stupider.
Praise Bob!
And I feel sorry for anybody who's listening to this show on their car radios.
When you start hearing the druggishly disorienting files of Leemur, Norrell, Phineas, and others.
That would all be bad enough.
But also, Devo was in town and there was a devotional.
The annual celebration of...
De-evolution held in Akron.
For which our friend Reverend Toth Wilder helped produce this Devo cover album called
Not Necessarily Beautiful, But Mutated.
Number five, in fact, that is just great.
It makes you feel high.
In fact, this whole show will do that.
So let's go into that theme for tonight.
Which is De-evolution.
Through drugs...
disease...
pills...
and Bob.
And next week we'll be covering sex.
This is what the Leemur was really after.
And it rubs the chemical cocktail all over its body.
The toxins are a powerful insect repellent.
But they're also a narcotic.
And the Leemur gets more and more spaced out the more it rubs.
It's time to...
Downright drug abuse.
Black Leemurs are millipede junkies.
Always on the lookout for their next multi-legged fix.
This behavior is definitely bad for them.
But it seems that the benefits of the insecticide outweigh the risks.
So it's actually an imaginative use of another animal.
And there's little apparent harm to the Leemur's millipede neighbor.
So let's go.
Hi, this is Cosmoby.
We want amphetamines, cocaine, depressants, barbiturates, opiates, alcohol, tobacco, hallucinogens.
We want the downers and the uppers.
Better take a downer, take an upper.
Pills get high.
Downers.
Oh, isn't that much better?
My Pills.
ů
time we're havin', havin'.
H saint Haqq.
This is the boy who burns the books
This is the way he always looks
This is the boy who smashed his car
This is the boy who went too far
Washed his eyes with yellow soap
He stole his daddy's microscope
All alone or in the crowd
Never say his name aloud
Now he wants to know your unit's name
Where you go and where you came
He's a mecha-mania boy
This is the boy who'll never go slow
He is the one who destroys his young
Everybody got a new way to go
All alone or on the telephone
He knows the time you spent at home
Now he's saying he's a millionth old
Watch his hands over his daddy's face
He put himself in an altered state
Now he's a millionth old



In a crowd or all alone
No one's laughing anymore
Now he wants to know your unit's name
Where you go and where you came
He's a mecha-mania boy
All alone or in the crowd
Never say his name aloud
Now he wants to know your unit's name
Where you go and where you came
He's a mecha-mania boy
In a crowd or all alone
No one's laughing anymore
Now he wants to know your unit's name
Where you go and where you came
He's a mecha-mania boy
All alone or in the crowd
Never say his name aloud
Now he wants to know your unit's name
He's a mecha-mania boy
He's a mecha-mania boy
He's a mecha-mania boy
He's a mecha-mania boy
He's a mecha-mania boy
He's a mecha-mania boy
Occupant did that song
Mecha-mania boy
Originally by Devo
From the Devo cover collection
Not necessarily because of the
Beautiful But Mutated, and you can contact Occupant at www.synthlabs.com.
Before that and after this, cut-up cut-outs by Lemur and Norel Preff.
But first, Reverend Bleepo Abernathy.
Pills in the day and pills in the night, yeah, pills, pills, talking about pills, pills, pills for the bad and pills for the good, pills for the young and misunderstood, yeah, pills, pills, talking about pills, pills.
Pills in my head.
Pills in my socks.
Pills in the woods and pills on the rocks, yeah, pills, pills, talking about pills, pills, pills for the young and things to do, pills are better friends than you, yeah, pills, pills, talking about pills now, pills.
My friends the pills.
Pills.
Oh, just give me some of them pills.
Pills.
Oh, give me those pills, Bob.
Can we have some pills over here, please?
Here, have some pills.
Pills.
Take some more of these pills.
I just think you should be taking all those pills in the morning.
Can I have some pills, please, from my heart?
More pills.
And that's just the sort of thing I was talking about exactly, gentlemen.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is the secret Reverend Bleepo Abernathy speaking to you over the airwaves of your local radio station there.
First of all, I want to say that.
Uh.
None of the pills are ever good enough, as you all know.
And as you're out there, out there, you know, you cannot, you cannot feel anything without some sort of pill.
Now, that pill could be, of course, you know, your average, you know, vitamin or dexatrim or something like that.
Or it can be Jesus.
It's any kind of pill that you mention at all.
We don't want to get too specific here, but let's just face it, friends.
You're all looking for a pill.
We're not talking quart of pills.
We're talking a bucket of pills.
Which is sometimes.
We're not talking barrels.
Some people relate to half an old-fashioned bathtub full of pills.
Like, sometimes, I don't know how much quarts of pills go for in Dallas right now.
But I think in New York, you can get about a half a handful of pills for what, like, a pint of pills might cost you in Austin or Chicago.
They've been smuggled in by the Tibetan llamas, which have been working for Bob for centuries.
I heard they put them on the bellies of sea turtles at one point.
They put them in the Atlantic.
They put them on seven-year voyage.
They put them on your tongue.
They put them on.
Ah-ha-ha.
Get your nail infection.
Get your discolored or flaky nails.
Get your live infection.
Get your kidney problems.
Get your serious side effects.
Get your serious skin reactions.
Get your diarrhea.
Ask your doctor about indigestion and rash from the liver or serious diarrhea.
Get your pills.
Now, what about things that you...
sniff up in your nose?
Oh, cocaine.
Right.
It goes in the membrane.
Feel high.
Snort it and sniff it.
Cocaine is good.
Why don't you take this and just sniff a little bit?
Feel good.
Thank you.
Getting high is important.
For some people, it's even more important.
Now, what do you do?
Well, if your doctor eliminates notice, you should power fresh.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Without Bob.
Without Bob.
I was never...
I was an addict for nine years.
All for what?
For drugs.
I went eight times to jail.
I thought I was gonna be an addict, a dope fiend, a junkie.
But I heard about...
Bob.
I went to him.
Kneeling down, I gave myself to him.
Right now at this moment.
And I tell you he did...
because he's in me...
and he drills in me.
Yes.
Bob.
Bob yes
Bob yes
Bob yes
Bob yes
Me?
Disease
I thought it was just disease
I thought it was just that doctor
He had damaged the lining of my esophagus
He prescribed the motions of my esophagus
Said I needed serious stomach conditions
And headache, diarrhea, and abdominal pain
My esophagus needed my esophagus
Talk about pills
I'm feeling kind of nervous
Got a painful yellow headache
Got a painful yellow headache
Every page I see on the paper
You turn real
You turn real
And they scream out my instructions
Too real
Too real
Cold sweat on my t-shirt
Shaking in my boots
The pressure of brain alarm
Sets off the waves of nauseous pain
I am here
In the back of my head
There's a voice that never stops
Got a swelling itchy brain
And I need to go to work
Sending it in my head
Got a swelling itchy brain
And I feel like a deadless torture
Grinding out all of my thoughts
I'm between a heartbeat
And a teenager of youth
And the faces don't stop laughing
A swelling itchy brain
And I can't stop my abstraction
Swelling itching brain
Swelling itching brain
Swelling itchy brain
Swelling into brain, swelling into brain
Do the people not just pressure?
They control my energy and emotion
And a voice in the back of my head
Every single month is a day of old trash
Swelling into brain, swelling into brain
Over 20,000 people get sick from you
Swelling into brain, swelling into brain
Swelling into brain, swelling into brain
Swelling into brain, swelling into brain
Can you smell my extraction?
Do the people not just pressure?
Swelling into brain, swelling into brain
They control my energy and emotion
And a voice in the back of my head
Every single month is a day of old trash
Swelling into brain, swelling into brain
Brothers like a bad boy in black shoes
Brothers like a bad boy have nothing to use
Swelling into brain, swelling into brain
The pressure pad a lot
It's all the waves of nauseous pain
Too real
Swelling into brain, swelling into brain
Swelling into brain, swelling into brain
The thing in my head
We'll be right back.
Swelling Itching Brain by Gadgeto with Occupant.
You can get information from Gadgeto.com.
That's like Gadget with Gadgeto.com.
Yes.
And friends, for this show, I pulled out an old rant from an ancient hour of slack
done when I was so young that Reagan was president
and we didn't even know how to pronounce espresso.
Swelling Itching Brain by Gadgeto.com.
I wanted a whole bottle of heroin to be about three bucks
or you could go down to a heroin den and sit and shoot up with all your shooting buddies
until about 2 a.m.
Then you'd get on the expressway and drive home.
Or, for that matter, folks, in the heroin world,
where imagine that the authority is making heroin so much a part of their business world
that nobody closed a big business deal
without having to pay for it.
And a few shots of smack with the client.
When there'd be billboards all over the roads for the coolest brands of heroin
showing beautiful models, skin popping next to a waterfall.
And on TV, well, not only would there be all these ads
showing your favorite sports heroes shooting their favorite brand of heroin,
but in any party scene, any scene of any TV show
where people were shown relaxing or having a good time,
well, they're always taking a...
just a few little sniffs of smack.
Now, the leaders of a world like that would have to be pretty insane, right?
I mean, it'd be obvious that the leaders themselves were not only heroin users
but stood to gain quite a bit from the whole population
aside from a few anti-heroin fanatics
leaning on this substance to relax.
But let's take it a step further, friends.
Imagine if these people made coffee illegal.
Because they said it was addicting.
And it led to harder stuff like espresso.
But yet, untold millions of people had been drinking coffee for thousands of years
and no one had ever OD'd.
You drink it, and it sharpens you up a bit, and then later you crash a bit.
But it was... it's so illegal that the smugglers are getting fantastically rich
having contraband coffee beans flown up from South America.
And there'd be this whole subculture of bean heads.
People that were into coffee, and partly as a rebellion against the establishment,
and the whole reason that coffee led to harder stuff like
espresso or NyQuil was because to buy a coffee
you had to go to a coffee dealers house, a pusher's house.
Where you'd encounter people who were expresso users.
And on top of that, a one-ounce bag of coffee beans
would cost like a hundred bucks, just for ordinary, Maxwell House grade.
And people'd be arrested
and spend their whole lives in jail,
maybe even be executed for using coffee,
which is relatively harmless,
while this whole planet of junkies was going scot-free.
And President Reagan would be up,
you'd see him in the news at, you know,
partying with world leaders,
all of them snorting a bit of smack and shooting up.
Imagine what a horrible, topsy-turvy world that would be, friends,
where they made a powerful central nervous system depressant
not only legal, but glamorous,
while an organically grown, harmless bean off of a bush
could wreck your life only because of the laws against it.
I demand a sovereignty test.
That does it. Go like yourself, bud.
I demand a sovereignty test,
because I ain't been drinking.
The farmer, he got plowed.
The bricklayer got plastered.
The mechanic, he got tanked.
And the construction worker got blasted.
And daddy beat up mommy
and broke her collarbone for good luck.
And daddy beat up mommy
and broke her collarbone for good luck.
And everybody's drunk.
And everybody's wasted.
And everybody's drinking on the job.
The garbage man got trashed.
The janitor got messy.
The taxi driver got smashed.
And the waitress, she got,
she got tipsy.
In Kansas City, New York City,
Great big city, itty bitty city now.
Everybody's drunk.
And everybody's wasted.
And everybody's drinking on the job.
Well, there's a whole lot of places that I ain't been.
Well, there's a whole lot of places that I ain't been.
A whole lot of things that I ain't seen.
A whole lot of things I'll never be.
The generation that would change the world
is still looking for its car keys.
The generation that would change the world is still looking for its car keys.
The generation that would change the world is still looking for its car keys.
The terrorists got bombed.
The president got hit.
Security was tight.
Yeah, the Secret Service got me.
The FBI, CIA, DWI, USA.
Everybody's drunk.
And everybody's wasted.
And everybody's stoned.
And there's nothing that's gonna change it.
Cause everybody's drunk.
And everybody's wasted.
And everybody's drinking on the job.
I got it wanking on you.
You know, we were gonna have a saxophone play to our band.
But every word up we found was all tooted up.
Stomp down last night, let me off the hook.
You know we were gonna have a saxophone play to our band.



See, nobody's wasted, everybody's Team Blue now.
Somebody said, Dr. Drummond, are you going to smoke frop up there?
I said, I just don't know.
I can't tell you right now.
It just depends on how I feel at the time.
An honest answer.
I just don't know.
Well, we want you to profit by our example
and indulge the inner being whenever possible.
And as many times as you deem necessary.
I am completely aware of what chemistry and drugs can do
to assist and aid the body and mind.
Yet I don't really believe that what has happened to me
comes strictly from chemistry.
There must be an explanation for this phenomenon.
I don't believe it.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Going Under
by Steve-O-Matic
Destiny
And you can find more of that at steve-o-matic-destiny.com.
Before that, the Psychoskeletons.
Before that, that song, Drinking on the Job, is by The Rainmakers.
I did it. I admit it.
You're right. I bite the big one.
I'm crude and I'm awful.
I'm a pantload and a snootful and I stink.
And I'm lousy, I'm creepy, and I'm blousy.
I'm a Nazi and a commie and a homo and a lesbian and a tidal wave bedwetter.
And I don't care if I get better.
Cause I'm wearing leather panties to the old folks' home on Christmas.
And a t-shirt that says, I buggered Big Bird.
And a Santa hat and nothing else. Screw em.
And I do em like Puerto Rican skanks.
Cause I'm inferior to even Alabama whiners.
And I do the Edwardian earwig probe on the blind.
And I snap wet towels on your goodies.
And I soak em in your liquor first, you stupid hippie.
Cause I'm a snippy cruise director and a drunken Rosicrucian.
And I act like a giant chicken at funerals of people I didn't even know.
Just to sicken the relatives.
And throw a sack of garbage in the grave as I yell,
You owed me twenty dollars, you bastard!
I'm a dastardly crap sack and three quarters.
I fart at airlocks just for starters.
I screwed the movie.
I pooch and I diddle your cat.
I'm bald and stupid and way too fat.
I sprinkled ants in the punch bowl.
And squirted WD-40 in the onion dip.
I'm a twelve hour vacation drive with screaming kids.
I throw my poo at monkeys at the zoo.
And I whizzed on your guitar strings.
And I poured coke into your keyboard.
I gave Mama Cass that damn sandwich.
I sent your wife that latex arm for her birthday.
I paid your bills with photocopied money.
Just to watch you squirm.
Threw my binoculars when the feds came to kick your ugly booty.
I put super glue in your granny's brassiere and K-Y jelly on her dentures.
I put ball bearings in your hubcaps so you think your wheels are gonna fall off.
And I bought the nails for the crucifixion.
And I put leopard bikini briefs on the statue of Jesus at St. Patty's.
Figure out how, you cow.
And I goosed Mother Superior.
And went, wugga wugga wugga, moo, big girl.
And I went, wugga wugga wugga, moo, big girl.
And I put the vodka in baby Leroy's orange juice.
And I throw bubble gum and chicken legs in the dryers at the laundromat.
And I'm a 24-karat liar when I say everything I just said is true.
So Crisco, up to the elbow for you.
And thank you kindly, dumbass.
The End
Hell Pope Huey, friends.
You know, what Bob did for Hell Pope Huey, he can do for you.
Bob can turn an ugly caterpillar into a beautiful swan.
And a perfectly normal healthy individual into a great political or military leader better than irreversible brain damage.
CINEMATIC SCENE
A hell of a fix.
It is a fact.
This world is in a hell of a fix.
A hell of a fix.
Four can't cope without.
Now reveal your flakiness and redness.
Cholesterol only comes from footlong Grandpa Frank.
Your cholesterol only comes from food.
Ask your doctor about bad foods, increasing your risk of getting liver problems.
That's healthy pain or weakness.
He said, do you have any attention dystrophy?
Aspirin?
Can't disease?
I hope.
Heart sir?
Multiple reflux?
Fibro-pression disorder?
Diarrhea?
Fibias?
Multiple scolodyspis?
Wrong, but right.
I know you.
You're me?
You're sitting there.
Fat, failure, weight, infections, till tuberculosis?
Don't.
Infection, infection, infections, till you can't.
Fatal infections, not tuberculosis.
Don't.
Serious allergic nervous blood disorders.
Don't.
Not.
Do it.
Serious system disorders.
Sometimes fatal.
Do it.
Gone.
You.
Me?
You, you imbecile.
You bloated idiot.
You stupid fathead.
You.
Whatever.
Just fine.
Seriously.

Welcome.
I smell stucky.
َ
here. Hey, everybody, I pee freely.
From PR News in Washington, I'm being honored as a suitcase full of oil, natural gas and
electricity and heavy books. Attorney General Alberto Gonzalez never finished high school,
but he usually traveled with a uranium conversion plant. On Wall Street, 221055134, the U.N.'s
dog agency will meet in emergency session to decide whether to refer the matter to PR
News in Washington.
Lemur did that, friends. That's from the CDR called Lemur Oggs. Before that, Lemur
cut-ups galore, plus some movie clips sent in by Reverend Jacques Petty. And now begins
the mind-bending psychedelic part of our show, and I hope you aren't driving for this.
Meditation tapings. Greetings. Here's a tape for your court order.
Meditation.
Tape error.
Tape, tape, error, error, error, error.
Tape, tape, error, tape, tape, error, tape, tape, tape, error.
No matter what shape your stomach's in, acid, it's the best on any stomach.
Brings runny nose, watery eyes. Take Vistan.
Take Alka-Seltzer.
Irritation.
Yes.
Just remember.
Get certified lead. Get certified lead. And you get it.
Creamy body with less creamy, creamy, creamy body.
But it works out to a lot of coke. Tired of it.
Coke after coke after coke. Coke after coke after coke.
Coke after coke after coke. Coke after coke after coke.
Commonplace occurrences of day-to-day living.
Commonplace occurrences of day-to-day living.
Coke 45. Malt liquor.
Believe it or not.
But is it really art?
Greasy.
New disease.
Take, take, take, take, take.
Take it all now. Take it all now.
The flavor is. Come the flavor is. Come.
Proud pickle.
What's going on?
Oh!
Oh!

Oh!

Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!

Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!


Oh, they, oh, they, oh, they, oh, they, oh, they!
Hyrums, hyrums!
Frisky, frisky, frisky, frisky!
Ah!
Ah!
Who is my captain?
He's a wonderful girl.
Ah!
Ah!
Don't you want to buy some verich Auf?
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Get a TV set!
Get a TV set!
Get a TV set!
Get a TV set!
Tipper close. Put on. Tipper close. Tipper close. Hello, Johnny.
Who's there? Johnny. Johnny.
Who's there? John Smith, I believe. That's right. Who are you?
Put on. Tipper close. This ain't no joke.
Great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great.
Crazy. The whole world's gone crazy if you ask me.
As I was saying, we were talking about this country.
These United States of America. A bunch of hooligans.
You're found in fathers. Riff rat. Riff rat.
Today. Well, I haven't made up my mind yet.
But why keep a cow when milk's so cheap, huh?
Now, don't talk like that, Johnny. Well, I haven't made up my mind yet.
Young people who believe think, where is it today? Where is it today?
Do you need a garden? Garden? Give me a whistle, okay?
Yes. So the life. Yes. So the life.
Maybe you can do it alone. Harden. Harden.
Gag. Right. Right. Wait just a minute, John.
Blow and down below. Human rights over property rights.
I mean free speech, including the right of descent and human rights over property rights.
During your society. Ordinary people. The riots, the burning, the looting.
Gonna make an omelet? You're gonna break a few eggs. No, John. The right of descent.
The right of descent.
The right of descent.
John. John. John. John.
That should be more shooting than looting.
Bombs. And killing.
Filthy. Filthy. Filthy. Filthy. Filthy. Filthy books and magazines and filthy movies.
The fast buck. Free sex.
Hey, let's shack up, baby.
Give me a whistle, okay? Come on, get off it, John.
He's every inch of the man you thought he was.
It's only a question of time before it's legalized.
This is a nation that's in serious trouble.
Oh, and America wants to be loved, not war.
Oh, wow. Well, so who doesn't?
But they still want high wages that go along with wartime jobs.
And all the while, the national debt's going up and up and up and up.
And you want to cop out and leave it as a legacy to our generation to pay for it.
Broken head.
Baby, we are the new revolutionaries.
This person brought in a string of Christmas tree lights.
And the lights were different colors, and they would flash and blink on the screen.
And the lights would go on and off randomly.
The whole thing was just blinking on and off.
But the person didn't lay them out in any organized order.
He just had them clumped over his arm.
It was this big cluster of this string of lights.
And we in the audience looked at it for a while.
Not much happened. It was just random firing.
And then he turned on some music.
And first he put on a piece by Beethoven.
And within a very short period of time, within a minute,
the music had this magical effect.
It organized the lights, and they started forming a pattern.
In fact, they were in complete concordance with the music.
They formed the pattern of blinking that was in the same tempo as the music,
and went with the nuances of the music.
It was sort of amazing.
But then he switched off that music, and he put on a piece by John Coltrane,
a piece of modern jazz, my favorite.
And within another short period of time, in less than a minute,
the lights became reorganized.
And he reorganized again, and started going to the tempo of the new music,
and showing the nuances of the new music.
Isn't that amazing how sound can actually reorganize light?
Actually, it didn't happen, as you realize.
It wasn't that anything changed in the lights.
It was inside. It was in our minds.
And what happened for me happened for everybody else there, too.
We reorganized our thinking,
because when we saw this jumbled mess, this random pattern,
I would argue we don't like that.
We don't like confusion as humans.
And even when we're not trying to, even when we're unconscious of it,
we tend to organize our world.
And that's what we did. Our minds did it automatically.
Looking for patterns. Constantly looking for patterns.
So that's handy. Since we have that tendency anyway,
it makes sense that we're going to develop theories.
Now, I want to give you a test at this point.
You're thinking, oh, darn. I didn't want to have a test on the first day of class.
But here it is.
Lab liner
Lab liner
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Everybody wants a good thing
Everybody, ain't it true that
Everybody's looking for the same thing
Ain't it true, just no doubt
There may be some things that you can do without
And that's good
Everybody's just like you, it's true
Everybody wants a good thing too
Now it's time to break the hand
For everybody who can understand
Life could be without a bunch
It's going great till you get stuck
But it's not, forget to count
Everyone who might have missed the boat
And to everybody else who waits
Till the end of the world
And next we sail in again
Everybody
Everybody
Everybody
Everybody
como va


Everybody, what's used in this hand
Din destroyed it
It's something you can приб Logan
Everybody
Anybody
Anybody
Never
Pull theache
Everybody
Everybody





It's something mutual
Ain't it true, it's a monumental good thing
Everybody, it's a good thing
Ain't it true, it's a monumental good thing
ThePunkGroup.com
From not necessarily beautiful but mutated
The Devo cover album
Partially produced by our old friend
Reverend Toth Wilder of Akron
A true subgenius master, friends
And in fact, this song by the Rainmakers
We dedicate to Reverend Toth Wilder
Dreaming in my sleep
About the people that I love
And the people that I meet
Everyone that's got
A ticket to ride
Everyone was there
Everyone aware
The angels and the devils are out on the town
We rocked the house last night
Well, we don't know where we're going
And we won't till we arrive
Anything can happen
When the world's still alive
Turn me on to your wildest side
Turn me on to your wildest side
Turn me on to your wildest side
Back when we were young
Green and open eyed
You were the queen of everything
My love for you bona fide
For a journey is a destination
We're taking a trip through time
We'll see the world
We'll see the flesh together
We can be home by suppertime
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo

guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo

guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
Well, we don't know where we're going
And we won't till we arrive
Anything can happen
When the world's still alive
Turn me on to your wildest side
Turn me on to your wildest side
Turn me on to your wildest side
Turn me on to your wildest side
Uh, ah, I, I know
Turn me on to your wildest side
Uh, ah, I, ah, I know
Turn me on to your wildest side
Uh, ah, I, I know
Turn me on to your wildest side
Look on and believe
Here's a sign
By the will of God
We've ever been
Son觉得
Perhaps the best





The Rainmakers, Wilder's side, dedicated to our friend Reverend Toth Wilder.
Friends, this has been Hour of Slack number 1012 from the Subgenius Foundation in Cleveland Heights, Ohio, formerly of Dallas, Texas, and now at subgenius.com.
Friends, this background music is by Magis Cyclops. It's a song called Mark Mother's Bob is God. And praise also Bob, and praise Lee Murr.
More than a hundred years ago, the United States Postal Service had to make a trip to the post office to pick up and send their mail.
So mail often went unsent and undelivered.
Delivered?
