The shadows where the mule-lips dwell are dark and wet as ink,
and low and softly rings their bell as in the slime you sink.
You sink into the slime who dare to knock upon their door,
while down the grinning gargoyles stare and noisome waters pour.
Beside the rotting river's strand the drooping willows weep,
while gloomily the gore-crows stand croaking in their sleep.
Over the murloc mountains, by a long and weary way,
in a narrow valley where the trees are gray,
by a dark pool's borders without wind or tide,
moonless and sunless the mule-lips hide.
The cellars where the mule-lips hide,
where the gore-crows sit, are dark and dank and cold,
by single flickering candle lit, and there they count their gold.
Their walls are wet, their ceilings drip,
their feet upon the floor go softly with a squish-flap-flip as they sidle to the door.
They peep out slyly, through a crack their feeling fingers creep,
and when they've finished...
in a sack your bones they take to keep.
Over the murloc mountains, by a long and lonesome road,
through the spider-shadows and the marsh of toad,
and through the wood of hanging trees and the gallows' weed,
you go to find the mule-lips and the mule-lips feed.
It's time for the subgenius hour of slack.
Fun for the whole family.
For kids from six to sixty, and oldsters ninety years young.
Now is the time to gather around the electronic hearth
and receive the bountiful benisons of a boy.

Bob Bob. I'm Dr. Howland Owl, and I will soon be joined
here on the radio stage of the Theatre of Air and Darkness
with the Reverend Ivan Stang, the most sacred scribe,
from time to time the Reverend Katayden Legume,
and the unspeakable, lonesome Cowboy Dave.
How good it is to broadcast
the power of slack.
How pleasant it is to release waves and particles of slack
into the nuosphere.
Slack is the soft voice.
Slack the luminous cloud.
We're recording. Everything's going fine.
And now, a dramatic report well calculated to keep you in...
...Squatch.
Now I remember when I visited Philadelphia the last time
I saw a cat in a green grocer's window, and it looked pretty fake,
but I told him it was fairly lifelike.
Well, you can imagine, when I found out it was some real
weird twisted kitty, boy was my countenance crimson.
Hello there, Stang.
Hi, Dr. Howell.
I'm still setting up little bits and pieces.
That's all right. Save your strength. Save your stamina.
But remember, you can't get a good subgenius down.
They pop up again, like those things that pop up again.
Those round-bodied dummies that you slap that bounce up again.
That's us, like that statue of Judge Punch that we were all punching
a few years back.
That really doesn't belong with Judge Punch.
It belongs to the Church of the Subgenius.
We should have a Bob slapped down, because, you know, friends,
Bob can't stay down, slapped or not.
There's only one way for Bob to be, and that is up...
Is Bob still in the stocks?
Yes, he is observing penitential procedures.
He's there...
I understand he gets off on that. He likes that.
Well, you see, but Bob is...
You can't chastise Bob, because whatever happens to him
is more a reward than a punishment.
He's kinky, is what it amounts to.
He put himself in the stocks.
Or, in the title of a recent motion picture,
hideous kinky.
If anyone saw that one.
What?
You never saw that?
Kate Winslet was nude. You didn't see hideous kinky.
Well, that's all right, because...
I saw the nude frame grabs on celebrityoops.com.
Better than watching the whole movie, I guess.
Have you ever seen celebrityoops.com?
It's almost solid frame grabs of famous movie stars,
in their nakedity.
Of nipple slips and so on, but so many are obviously deliberately arranged.
For movie stars, you'd think they could do it with more craft and artfulness.
But nay, they are novices to exhibitionism.
In the case of the Chinese stamp caper,
a Chinese special delivery stamp of 1913
wasn't invented until four years after that.
We stamped out a swindler.
Listen again to Ellery Queen's...
A horrible knife!
What is the horrible knife doing up here?
Well, for some...
A minute ago it was commanding me to stab you,
and I fought valiantly against the urge.
That's very good.
It must have been a knife owned by some murderer.
There's something on that.
I don't know what that knife is, but I won't say what it is.
But there's something on the blade.
Well, and there's no coffee or peanuts.
Nonetheless, we're going to move ahead into our award-winning Bobcast.
Pretty soon, as I said, you'll be hearing the voices of Reverend Ivan Stang,
then throughout the hour,
the voice of Reverend Katayden Legume and lonesome cowboy Dave.
We had hoped that Reverend Bleepo Abernathy would be here.
He's the voice who says the hour of slack at the beginning of each show.
And, of course, Pater Nostril has ended up being the number one audio god here.
Well, thank heavens for that.
That's what usually happens.
He's the primary one.
It's just that the backup audio recording gods ended up being us mortals here.
Well, the audience is small,
but whenever only two or three subgeniuses are gathered together,
there is the sacred excuse for having the hour of slack.
And as Bob Nelson said,
anything that two or more subgenius businessmen do is legal.
Well, he's right about that because he considers himself a king,
as I suppose you know, who makes his own laws.
But...
Well, he's...
They haven't put him away yet.
What can you say?
He's out there, this peculiar, twisted, embedded alchemist,
living out, chipping weird crystals out of caves.
And there are many behind us right now, working underground,
trying to develop a new way to reach the core.
Because apparently earlier this morning, right around the time of rupture,
there were some minor...
What would you call them?
Convulsions.
Convulsions, complications, misarrize-
Spasms.
Mortifications.
We call them incidents.
So, if you have been trying to eat the urinal cakes,
please don't eat the urinal cakes.
It's not the way it's supposed to be.
Those sweet-scented urinal cakes are for the use of all,
not just a few selfish subs.
But we can understand their ravenous hunger to proceed,
because one must always move forward to the next challenge.
A lot of those who have been trying to munch the urinal cakes
are confused, as we all are, because of these misarrize-ments.
Just pay attention to your chronometer, make sure everything's on time.
Some people are actually phasing out, going back to a previous time
when there was no X-Day.
But once again, the urinal cakes, no matter how hard you try,
or how much mind power you think you can will,
will not become real cakes.
And now we are joined by the lovely Princess We Are Doe,
queen of all the UFOs.
That delightful odor!
I can't imagine that those weren't hostess mints.
Brayden drops keep falling from her head.
Maybe they were hostless tovinkies.
Perhaps. Perhaps they were.
Tovarish stinkies.
Yes.
Golden sponge cake, cream filling,
gin-engineered paste.
You get... what is it?
You get a big something in every something.
A crystal in the forehead.
You get a sucrose blast that comes on fast.
That's right.
You get a big delight in every bite.
And so it is with the subgenius hour of slack.
It's like Jenkham marinade, right?
Each morsel is more nutritive than the last.
It makes your ears droop.
It makes your...
It's like whale milk,
which grows a tiny whale pup into a huge blubbery monster
within a short year.
It's so nutritive.
It causes unlimited growth and development.
I'm speaking, of course, of sacred subgenius doctrine.
Right, Dave?
Yes, of course.
You're speaking of sacred subgenius doctrine,
which is as rich and pure as mother's milk.
And we're not talking about Mother Earth.
We're talking about the vacuum of the cosmos.
And that's where you've all gone and been and come back.
And look at you now.
You look exactly the same as you did before.
Now, that's a complete and total miracle.
And some of you have grown goat breasts.
Princess, we have traveled here over city and sea and land
to touch me and Dave with her opiate wand
and bless us on this occasion.
Oh, it is...
True bliss.
Her power is brought on by the true bliss.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt, but...
It's easy to get all confused and contorted and wound around,
but here at Brushwood, the great subgenius simplicities become apparent.
In fact, many have become apparent at Brushwood.
Quite a few have become offspring,
and that's another thing you should guard against.
Too much spring in your step and too much...
I'm a little behind.
It is nature's way that the youth spring off from the parent,
that the bud detacheth from the stem.
Some apparent, some applement, and other orangement.
Many are called, but few are chosen.
Many have taken ship at the pale beaches,
but few return to the sunlit lands.
Indeed.
There is some muttering behind me.
I don't know if we are observing the strict protocols, but...
I thought Dave sprung a leak over there.
No, that was the moderator behind the moderator,
including the rest of the guests that are invisible.
Oh, right.
For the love of God, I...
The choir invisible.
I can't see them, and now...
Is there something wrong with my pineal glands?
Ellery Queen's.
This is Ellery Queen with a case I call The Big Mistake.
In this case, the charge was murder, and police were holding a youthful suspect.
I told him, it's a good story, but you're a murderer, John.
It's just the same.
In a moment, I'll explain why.
In the case of The Big Mistake, most desk drawers are automatically locked by the middle drawer alone.
But a big one.
Listen again to Ellery Queen's...
Today is X-Day.
This is just after the sacred baptism in the pool of slack,
where we inculcated slack in many new members
who joyously shouted,
shouted their church name,
were submerged by Pastor Stang,
and by Reverend Legume,
and caught by me, Dr. Howland Owl.
And so it shall always be.
There shall be subgenius hands to keep you from plummeting into the abyss,
for at least the first time.
And after that, you're on your own.
Plummet away, we say.
But remember, gaze not into the abyss,
lest the abyss gaze into thee.
When you get to the bottom of the abyss, you can go...
That's if you have vocal cords left.
Create your own world.
Many are experiencing body changes that cannot be easily explained.
And...
Now, look, notice the man.
Over there rolling up a suitcase.
Or is that a huge f-f-fatty?
No one knows.
And in fact, we're all very, very blinded by the true light
that's coming in through the side...
that's coming through the windows.
It's everywhere.
It's everywhere.
It's like, oh, oh.
You sure you're all right?
I'm fine.
I'll see what I can do.
I'm fine.
I think there might be something wrong with Commander Tucker.
Tucker! Tucker!
Commander Charles Tucker the Third.
Where's Commander Tucker?
Charles Tucker the Third.
Where is he?
He's no longer a corporeal.
But he will be again, Tucker.
What about Tucker?
I'm fine.
Are you sure you're all right?
Tucker!
Tucker, dance and cook!
Quickly, please, Tucker out!
Something wrong?
No.
Everything's fine.
I thought you said we needed to get out of here.
Commander Tucker.
I'm fine, sir.
Is everything going all right, Doc?
More or less.
Everything will be all right.
Where's Commander Tucker?
Are you doing all right?
We're okay.
Has anyone seen Commander Tucker?
I think he was down there.
Thanks.
I can't find Commander Tucker.
I'm fine.
Go ahead.
Mission accomplished.
Go ahead.
Mission accomplished.
He's left, Commander Tucker.
He'll be fine.
What to tell your teenager about Bob.
Bob and his place in this world for troubled teens.
You know, we insist that all troubled teenage sub-genius girls go to Dave's home for the slackless
and get reoriented and cleared, as we say.
Ready for liftoff.
Yes, I'm proof positive that that school works.
This child here had no direction whatsoever until she came to Dave's camp.
And look at her today.
She's sprouted a third breast, a new pineal gland, and she can see with her ears.
Once they've matriculated from Dave's camp for wayward teeners, then they're ready to immerse themselves in my course in sex and marriage.
And she's a real estate.
This award-winning program has been shown to be a proven soul-winner and to bring millions to Bob's spidery embrace.
I tried it, and in 45 minutes or so, I couldn't find my own cranium or any other part that was connected before.
And I had an A average.
Dude, I actually freaking died and stuff.
And then I was still dead and stuff, but...
No way, you died? You're like after-dead now?
Yeah, and they actually paid me to come to the camp.
Sub-genius youths go through our program of glandscaping and acubiting and emerge gleaming new beings,
ready to conquer a world which waits passively for their fulsome impetus.
And they embrace.
Some have swollen, gleaming, dry white humps on the back of their necks.
Yeah, I know. Don't rub it in.
I've been trying to rub it in for the last 25 minutes and you resist me.
Is that what you were doing over there?
You know, there's some curious bugs in this campground that can bite through the heel of your hand and leave bug bites that look like warts behind.
I've never seen anything like it.
I believe that's called a horsefly, also known as a dobsfly.
I would have seen one of those big bastards and felt it. It can't just bite me in a clandestine way, but...
Dobsonfly.
Dobsonfly, pardon me. Dobsonfly, yes.
The smackly bite of the Dobsonfly causes all form of ailment and disorientation. See? Yes.
You know, speeders and flies are close relatives and fellow travelers.
That mosquito may seem like a tiny insignificant thing, but it's man's unconquerable enemy.
And so is his fellow traveler and sympathizer, the fly.
Yes, these are no pals of humanity, but scourges which should be extirpated with fire and sword.
Of course, I'm only talking about the female mosquito.
The male is a wimp who doesn't bite anyone.
Simply flits around, sucking out nectar from flowers.
But the female has killed millions on this terraqueous globe and shows no sign of stopping.
None at all.
The female rock, on the other hand, shows no interest in anything and fairly well ever lubricates herself.
Sometimes she's half-baked, and other times she's completely and totally overbaked.
You mean when she sits on her nest?
I didn't know about this phoenix-like activity in the rock, that giant bird of Persian lore, but you learn something new every day.
As the Mithras believe, a shiny rock or a nest of rocks can produce gold.
This is the old alchemical signal we've given to everyone.
The rock was also supposed to be, in some respect, the father of...
gin.
It's a very strange life cycle.
That is, the genie that comes out of the lamp can have its origin in the egg of the rook.
Why this is, I have no idea.
Ah, the mysteries of life and science.
Another unturned page of subgenius science.
But you remember from Sinbad's travels when he saw that huge white dome that he thought was the dome of a mosque.
And he went and walked around it.
And realized it was an egg.
And soon the sky blackened as the enormous bird came swooping and settling down on this giant egg.
And so it is.
Can you try to take olive oil away and then Popeye?
That's in Popeye Meets Sinbad.
And in that film, Popeye defeated the rock and served it up like an enormous turkey on a plate.
Steaming. It looked delicious.
They didn't have time to eat it, though.
It was all fisticuffs after that.
So much for pugilism and our olfactory glands.
We all smell bad when we've been beaten up by Bob.
The island itself, in that case, was said to be on the back of a whale or the back of a marine monster.
And such stories have gone for a long time.
That there are islands that are actually huge organisms, which, when you land on them,
will dive and then devour you.
Some of them are actually fetuses floating around in the cosmos.
They haven't even been born yet.
They're kind of embryonic and stuff.
And once they begin to expand, they eat entire galaxies.
So you've got to make sure you watch out for that as you're hurtling through whatever the freaking hell it is.
Like Galactus, you mean?
Very much unlike Galactus.
See, in Galactus...
What?
Isn't that where the truck comes alive and devours all the subgeniuses?
No, that's one of those slam-bangety robots.
I'm talking about Galactus, who's represented by the Silver Surfer.
The pompous windbag who goes through space intoning for,
Am I not Galactus?
Well, I don't know. I guess you are.
Yeah, I guess you kept on posing the question as if it were some sort of...
You know, you were a mythical type.
Am I not... or are...
By God, I'm not. I'm Arthur Q. Jones of 1229 Mapledale Avenue. I forgot.
I'm Dank Singer-Vell of 2525 Ewe Christian Avenue in beautiful downtown Nor...
Nor...
For am I not the waiter?
And I am Bingham St. Clair.
And I'm the maitre d' of all the bad things you've been thinking.
I'll just have the diet.
Ah, that's all right. You're gonna get the whole smorgasbord.
We're gonna slap it right in your face.
A smorgasbord of subgenius science and philosophy.
That's right.
Served up piping hot and savory with the special succulent spices of our subgenius suck-off.
But remember, new organ meat is very, very difficult to cook.
And once you sprout a new organ, you gotta take care of all kinds of spicing and rubbing and deep frying.
And that's what we're gonna do.
Message one.
By continuing to listen, you are acknowledging that you are two, three, one, eight.
This is one, three, zero, one, three.
A debt collector with ass acceptance.
Please contact me about a personal business matter Saturday morning between 8 a.m. and 11 a.m. Mountain Time.
Again, this message is for three, eight, two, one.
Thank you.
I suppose you've all made dinner plans for tonight?
Decided where and what you're going to eat?
You all gonna have your own, eat your own new organs tonight, are ya?
Huge slabs of ribs slathered in barbecue sauce.
And of course, the delicious odors that emanate from the cryptic factory where giant chickens die an unspeakable death.
Remember, you're making the barbecue sauce in your own mind, you know.
You're like creating it in your own mind.
I read an interesting obit in the paper before I came out here.
It seems that Arby died.
Arby the...
Arby?
Arby behind Arby's.
Oh.
Yeah, there's no Hardy behind Hardy's.
And no McDonald behind McDonald's.
But there was an Arby.
Arby is dead?
Mr. Arby?
Dead.
Yes, he's dead.
He died.
And actually, he lost the business years ago in a poker game.
I'm the lawyer.
And continued with his name.
But that old geezer shuffled off this mortal coil.
He founded other burger joints too.
Single-handedly responsible for despoiling vast tracts of the Earth's surface.
There are so many planes that we could just kind of slip lightly into and never be seen again.
So many concurrent planes existing in one place.
In the one we're in right now, Mr. Ms. Murr-Ms.
Arby is now consuming all of his food and returning it to the people.
But there aren't any people.
Not as we know it, Jim.
You see, these are subgenie and they've been modified.
Modified in plenty of different ways.
Some of them have involved new organs of their own choosing.
Some of them have become very muscular when they were small and pallid.
Others, well, they're invisible.
And there are thousands of people right now in this room crowding around to hear what we have to say.
Fucking bullshit, isn't it?
I'm sorry.
I reach, Herbert.
Yes. Yes, I do.
I understand the deeper things of life.
You come.
In a way I can see into the bottom of your mind.
And see that even a sober-sided subgenius such as yourself,
persists in dissatisfaction with things as they are.
And ever seeks to cast a subgenius shape over them.
No, man, it's not like that.
I love it.
I'm full of the love of Dobbs and I'm with it.
Oh, you can't fool me.
No, no, no, I'm not trying to fool you, man.
I'm just laying on some...
I know.
It's like a head trip that's been hanging around for the last...
I don't know, man.
Is there any time anymore?
No, no.
You see, we were putting the speed freaks to sleep, man.
The one guy started shaking and his knees fell.
What?
What was I talking to you?
Well, perhaps you were addressing the Reverend Ivan Stang.
He's not gonna be shaking, is he?
Oh, jeez. I'm sorry, you guys.
I'm sorry to interrupt.
I'm sorry to bother you guys.
Well, we have a lot of stuff on the docket today.
And of course, many wonderful, notable wonders and undertakings
from...
which we will never repent.
Actually, Dave and Hal...
Yes?
I feel bad about coming up here and interrupting you...

...because last year, after we did the X-Day Hour of Slack,
just like this, I got an email from an active subgenius
whose name I won't mention, Reverend Eggplant,
who said,
Stang, you're okay, but I wish you'd get Dave and Hal
together again.
I like listening to them.
They're just the funniest thing in the world.
Oh.
Dave and Hal are together.
They're so funny.
So why don't you get Dave and Hal together more?
And he just left it unsaid that less of you, Reverend Stang.
So you guys just go ahead and be funny, funny, funny.
Oh, no, we, we, we, we, we...
Smarty, smart, smart.
I guess I'm just not good enough for the Dave and Hal show,
according to Reverend...
That's not a left-handed compliment.
...I won't say his name, Eggplant.
We were just trying to fill the dead air, man,
while you were messing around.
We were sitting up here trying to fill the dead air,
waiting for you, man.
We were just trying to get it set up for you.
No, no, you're not good enough.
Let the dead lie.
And there were some lying dead people last night, I noticed.
We smelled them.
Friends last...
They were.
I don't know if all of you were at the...
What was that thing called?
The Lurching Zombie-thon?
No, no, it was the ritual...
It's on the schedule.
It's on the schedule.
They were going to dig up the late Chaz Smith
and roll his corpse around.
Oh, yes.
But first, they had to...
But first?
Oh, that's very undignified.
...bring the spirits of many deceased villains and murderers,
mass murderers and jerks...
Spirits or gods that used to share this earth with men.
...where the spirits were allowed to enter various subgeniuses...
Are they good spirits?
...then walked up in line...
Are they dead spirits?
...and passed the holy man, Dr. Le Guin,
who then forgave their sins and sent these mass killers to heaven.
So that I suppose eventually...
What happens when you slaughter an angel?
Where does the angel go?
Heaven's heaven.
They reform.
Do angels have souls?
They come back together.
Comes back...goes to a place called...
So they're like Bob.
Yeah.
You hit him and they bounce back with a band-aid on their head.
It's like in hell.
In hell, or ground up into hamburger,
you eventually, painfully reform for further torture.
And it's the same in the afterlife.
Your body is simply an organizational system.
I thought the idea was more like if you hated hamburger
and you went to hell, you were forced to eat it daily.
Well, if you're ground up into hamburger in hell,
it's considered your fault.
And there's extra punishment, of course, for that.
But I only use that as an example.
Are we allowed to eat ourselves as subgeniuses?
It's just a question I wanted to ask the panel right now
because I've been thinking about doing it.
You can't eat your own stomach.
I would have to avoid my stomach, wouldn't I?
You can't chew your own teeth.
Copyright, Jane.
You have to avoid chewing them, too.
If you're a bad subgenius and you go to subgenius hell,
say you were a glutton.
Well, you'll get to eat all of them.
You'll get to eat all you want in subgenius hell.
So you like to eat, do you?
But not like that cartoon with the little piggy
who's forced to eat more than he wants.
You get to eat all you want,
but it's as if you had the diverter installed.
You can eat and eat and eat,
and it won't affect your health either way.
It just makes you happy.
You're eating just for fun.
And say you're a sex addict.
Why, in subgenius hell, there's no shame in it.
There'll be endless demonic sex partners.
You'll get to eat all you want.
Whatever your failing was on earth,
that will be your strength in subgenius hell.
So practice that stuff, man.
Don't puss out.
For those of you who are more sedentary
and don't want to do things for yourselves,
even though it's on the mental cerebral plane,
there are thousands of demon servants
waiting to do your every bidding
and slap your every pudding at any time.
When they put me in subgenius hell,
well, actually, what is it?
I don't know what I should work on.
Your fingers.
My fingers will quit hurting.
That's right.
Thousands at Bob's bidding speed
and post over land and ocean without rest.
But of course, I was talking about the Christian hell,
which is so different from subgenius hell.
Oh, it's easy to get into, too.
You don't have to spend 30 bucks
to get into Christian hell and be tormented for eternity.
No, they're automatic.
All you have to do is jack off once or twice
without saying your prayers.
You don't even have to do that.
You only have to think about it.
Christian hell consists of having to attend
Christian services all the time.
And if you're not baptized.
That's pre-hell.
It doesn't matter.
According to Jack T. Chick,
who we consider the ultimate authority on these things,
you're going to go to hell no matter what you do.
It doesn't matter what you do.
You're not being punished for a specific sin.
You're punished because you're born sinful
and only
the blood of Jesus can wash it away.
If you are interested in this insanitary procedure.
Now, of course, this is what this famous
underground cartoonist says,
and in no way does it reflect subgenius belief.
It only in some strange and unknowable way
mirrors, echoes, or reflects it.
In the old Norse myths,
we know that hell meant earth.
Hell was the land,
and commonly referred to afterwards
in English and Old Anglo-Saxon,
who, and it's called over the hill,
meaning you've gone past life.
Under the hill, meaning there was no more life left in you.
Therefore, never mind.
You are in hell now!
That was Bob's message.
You're in hell now, my friend.
As long as we're still enslaved to the conspiracy,
it might as well be hell.
Life seems like it goes on forever.
The younger you are, the more forever-like it seems.
You might remember what Mephistopheles said
when Faust asked him,
Hey, I thought you demons were confined to hell.
How come you're up here flouncing around and tempting me?
And the devil's answer was,
Why, this is hell.
Nor am I out of it.
Because any place that isn't hell,
even heaven, the one place they can't go,
is hell to them.
But to a subgenius, this applies in a greater,
a more spiritual sense.
That's why when we fight the conspiracy,
we're not only fighting a material or spiritual conspiracy
that keeps our minds down and our bodies down.
We're actually...
Principalities and powers, thrones, dominions,
and badly animated Hanna-Barbera cartoons.
The conspiracy is our bodies.
The conspiracy is our minds.
So when we reject our bodies and we reject our minds,
we reject the conspiracy, and we have...
What left?

¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
from here.
Halaciously bad animated Jesus story.
By Pisces.
I've noticed that the subgenius
schedule keeps
jumping away from the printed one
and then jumping back again.
Time control. Once again
friends, it's time control.
Elastic as a jellyfish.
Subgenius schedule flows in
to fill a vacuum and expands
to
expand around.
The malleable molly of time.
Also remember when you change
time you become a changeling
yourself and actually are
capable of re-entering
anywhere you want.
That is anywhere you want.
I guess. That's biology.
Just as when
the incubus
drains the seminal
fluid from a young man
in his sleep. Happened to me
this morning. Then the
incubus takes its special
flight and
in that flight the incubus
changes sex. Becomes
a succubus. Descends.
Finds a female human
to mate with and
deposits the spermatic
package. Creating the
changeling. That which is
born of a demonic being.
A good example
would be Reverend Anna Dynamite
standing at the back of the
stage there.
Perfect example.
The succubus allegedly sprung
from the loins of that fabulous
mythic monster known as
Dr. Legume.
Loins? There are no more
loins in this realm. Everything
springs into existence of its
own free will.
That's the way it used to be.
I'm sorry I don't belong here.
The world was fecund and
bursting at the seams with life
growing outward in all
directions but now it's sort of
tired and sagging
and life and living
forms a sort of peremptory
motion which shall soon
be still. Moving
toward the stillness of its rest.
Like old underwear
elastic that's just gone saggy.
Yeah and it reminded me
to get that stuff out of the bathhouse.
Like old underwear that's so
dead it's sprung to life
again and has a mind of
its own.
Well I said Chernobyl was so long ago.
Nothing to worry about.
And now I hear in the news
these dumb guys in the Department of Energy
and the Defense Department are gonna start
building a bunch of Chernobyls
across the United States.
And then I hear on the news that Chernobyl
is not really over. No.
All these people are dying.
It's all the pollution that's getting into the
water. It's getting into the aquifers and
groundwater.
Everything goes
from one to one.
The distance between Kiev and Cleveland
I know man we're getting in tune.
You like hearing.
You know.
And then I started thinking.
How come my moods are getting so
janky.
The iodine
the one three one
has got my thyroid on the run.
And the krypton
at eighty five
is making it hard just to stay alive.
But the iodine
the one three one
the iodine
the one three one
no more running through the metal
mines. No more
boiling in the mud.
Power powers
in the power scenes.
Shake the bony head and shake it good.
The better
man
the poison
man
shake it
all
the
poison







in the
bony head.
The iodine
the one three one
has got my thyroid
on the run.

And the krypton
at eighty five
is making it hard just to stay alive.
But the iodine
the one three one
the iodine
the one three one
No more running through the metal mines.
No more
boiling in the mud.
Shake the bony head
of the poison man.
Shake the bony head and shake it good.
No more running through the metal mines.
No more
boiling in the mud.
Shake the bony head
of the poison man.
Shake the bony head and shake it good.
Shake it
Shake it
Shake it
Shake the bony head
of the poison man.
The iodine
the bony head
Iodine one three one
friends. Written and
sung by Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
On Einstein's Secret Orchestra album
Sex in Another Dimension.
And we'll be playing some more songs
from ESO in honor of the late
Chaz Smith, leader
of that band whose funeral we've been
having over and over again. But
time is running out.
Let's clear the docket and see if there are any points
of subgenius theology that have not
been explicated that we might do a better
job with as we make
this historic recording
for the Akashic Records. Brilliant!
Let's begin.
Lesson forgotten number one.
What is it?
What is it?
Yeah, what he said. That's a good thing.
What is it? Yes. Well if we're going to be
going over all these different things that
are unforgotten and forgettable
why, you know what I'm saying?
Capital. That is correct. Yesterday
Dr. Howell answered the simple
question, why?
I get that one all the time.
But it is important
that whether one is going to
review a cathedral or a
corkscrew, one must first
understand what it is supposed
to be. And so
what is this subgenius
thing supposed to be? And is it
what is it supposed to be? Is it
fulfilling its potential?
Or is it just some other
thing? Shall we ask
those present if perhaps
they've been un-fun-filled?
Or fun-fun-filled? Well if anyone wants
to testify, we'll take that
testimony into the record at this time. Actually I
have some quotes
from various famous subgeniuses
that do indeed
address this
exact subject.
Dr. What an astonishing coincidence.
Let's have some of them now
for the benefit of
future generations.
Well as we said yesterday friends, you know
you really have to be able to get the outer joke
before you start worrying about the inside
jokes. Most of the Bobbies, it's just
the other way around. They get all
the inside jokes first and they never
realize that the outer joke is
themselves.
And others go, well the church
well isn't it really
just a drug thing?
If you ask a Cleveland
policeman, that's the standard answer
you would get. They're just
marijuana addicts. Have you seen anybody
smoking marijuana in this whole campground?
No. Frop maybe.
Some crappy buglers
like Dave here, but
no. No friends, because
Bob replaces the drugs
simply
looking at the dots
of his
face erases more
brain cells than any of those
drugs. It replaces
so many brain cells that it might as
well be like using the drug.
Except that you don't lose the brain cells
forever, they're just changed.
And all it takes is that Dobbs hit.
It's good to
buy the books and all of the CDs
but
really all you need is that one
true, bedotted,
classic Dobbs head.
That's all the drug any real subgenius
needs. Unfortunately most of us are
adulterated subgeniuses.
Even the best of us are mostly
subgenius with some
pink pneumatic
matrix left over.
And we hope that the progressive
portion will overwhelm
the unfortunate
and inferior remnant.
We're no better than octoroons
or other sea mammals.
We've only got one part of one part of one part
of one equation.
Yes, according to a racist
that makes you an inferior.
If you have even that
one part of the
blood, as they put it, of the
despised race.
But you see none of that matters as long as you've got
that Dobbs head.
Yes, because that will,
looking at it, it will actually change your
cellular structure. It will
reassert the ancient
Yeti bowel plan
which still exists in
the ancient

to run through
your veins.
As one subgenius
said, it's the Chinese
finger trap of the mind.
That's what the church is.
We will get somebody to stick their brain
in one end and their brain
in the other end and then you can't
get it out.
You're just stuck.
And that's good. That's the slack.
As Onan said, slack is the oomph in comfortable.
And we don't advocate drug taking of any kind.
I remember in Arizona around 10 p.m. back in the 60s,
they used to broadcast this message which was supposed to get teens off drugs.
And this gruff, authoritative voice would say,
will drugs turn you on or will drugs turn on you?
And there it would be.
You could set your watch by it.
I frequently did.
But it's funny.
All the stoners would tune in, especially to listen to that message.
Now, they were already taking drugs.
That's how I learned how to do drugs was from anti-drug commercials.
Well, they are very informative.
Dave.
I was just going to say I learned in a mind control experiment.
I forget where it was.
It was Buffalo or Zippy Town.
There was some place near there.
And we were kept underground in like these little cavern places and stuff.
And we were forced to endure.
Montauk, right?
Montauk, yeah.
Yeah, Long Island.
Montauk is just somewhere out there.
And we were supposed to hide under one of them sentient rocks.
And one of them was brooding at the time.
I guess she was going to give birth to a bunch of little baby rocks.
And they kept on planting this symbol in our skulls.
It was the smiling face and the pipe and all that stuff.
But sure enough, I noticed the dot matrix changed every time it went in.
And it came out pure.
In other words, I wasn't losing brain cells.
I was gaining brain cells.
I was growing a new brain.
The Dave brain.
Without it, life would make sense.
But now, another song from the ESO album, a Chaz Smith song called X19.
The ESO, by the way, had Dave on guitar, Bob Mosick on drums, Michelle George on electric violin, and Chaz played keyboard, theremin, and vocals.
But when he lost internetington, that came on at the top right side.
payments
images
photos
Итомаришн에요
IR vapео
ững
особенно
Papier
Apparition
videos
quiet
What do you know?
She's driving me crazy
Ah, the view is hazy
Oh, no, it happened again
And every time I say
I'll never fly with lizard eyes
And turn the other way
Then you find you came to swim in water
That is free and flowing in a night sky
Of a land beyond, beyond a world of hope and fear
And so I bid you space man
Now I'm here
Now I'm here
Now I'm here
Now I'm here
Now I'm here
There's a place where there's no sunshine
A little planet called X-1-9
No flowing rivers, no communists
Just poison, vapor and electric mist
What do you know?
What do you know?
What do you know?
What do you know?
She's driving me mad
Ah, the view is hazy
Oh, no, it happened again
And every time I say
Ah, the view is hazy

I put her in my socks
I jumped like Geronimo
I put her in my socks

I put her in my socks

Then you find you came to swim in water
Then you find you came to swim in water
In a night sky of a land beyond, beyond a world of hope and fear
And so I bid you space man
Now I'm here
Now I'm here
Now I'm here
Now I'm here
There's a place where there's no sunshine
A little planet called X-1-9
No flowing rivers, no communists
Just poison, vapor and electric mist
There's a place where there's no sunshine
A little planet called X-1-9
No flowing rivers, no communists
Just poison, vapor and electric mist
Just poison, vapor and electric mist
Just poison, vapor, and electric mist.
Just poison, vapor, and electric mist.
What do you know?
What do you know?
What do you know?
What do you know?
What do you know?
What do you know?
Slack can come from anything, as Dave has just explained.
From any orifice.
And it comes from...
Or all.
As Onan said, Slack can come when you throw good money after bad,
and bad money after Bob.
And that's why that swag shack is up there, my friends.
It's not going to be open all day.
Swag shack.
Yeah, I got to...
What?
A swag...
What?
What?
What?
A tiny finger tapping, tippy tapping me on the shoulder.
And you never know when the master cometh.
Yes, you never know when you might be summoned by the fellow in the bright,
nightgown.
So we've got to make sure to keep our broadcast happening,
and keep expounding on these gems of subgenius philosophy,
these rhinestones of elder subgeniuses.
And I believe Stang has many thick pages of these subgenius...
Well, we call them Tijuana Bible quotes.
Could we go back to the plutonium phlegm part of it?
I suppose.
Wasn't there...
Why not?
Yeah.
Plutonium?
Sure.
Friends, Brushwood is a magical place.
As you get drunk or whatever and go stumbling around here at night,
you may find yourself encountering little altars,
and even the pagans got here.
I noticed last night they had the drumming going.
Magic is a foot, friends, but slack is a shoe.
You might see a dragon in the bathtub bathing up,
or a flying saucer that is searching for its cup.
Peaceful groanings coming from underground.
And you might hear a bonemak and a bullhorn at any time.
A lot of what X-Day is about,
besides greeting the saucers all together in jolly fellowship like we do...
And greeting the saucers in the all together.
It's about escaping the conspiracy.
But, you know, just walking away from your job,
even quitting your job,
all you've done is get away from the immediate material aspects
of the conspiracy in your life.
You've still got the conspiracy deep inside you.
Now, we all get sick of all those trappings of the conspiracy.
Pee-ness.
Shabby trappings.
And so forth.
As Baldwin Lee Primer said,
I've had it up to here.
And I've had it also down to there.
And I must say I prefer that.

So friends, that's what we're doing here.
We're not concerned about just Bush and his little halibuddies.
We want to reach down deep into our own britches.
Grab the conspiracy in us and yank it out.
Wipe it, friends.
Wipe the conspiracy that has besmeared you and chapped your ass,
as it always does every time.
Don't forget to keep that stool sample.
God...
Friends,

friends, forgot one thing. He forgot to make stupidity painful. We're here to change that.
And what about the doctrine of deniable plausibility?
Yes, as Professor Pressure brought up. That's what we're all about, deniable plausibility.
It's sort of like the doctrine of erasability. Some subgenius blurts out the truth in front of
the authorities, but by the doctrine of deniable plausibility, he can say, I didn't say that.
Not only did you misunderstand me, but I didn't say it at all. Those words on that tape recorder
are not real. Also, the brains of pinks, as we know, contain buzzware that just tends to
wipe clean the memory of any subgenius utterance. So they ask you the same question about it
10 minutes later. That's why I have to keep
these utterances typed out on pieces of paper.
The strongest memory is unequal to the weakest ink.
But our ink is strong. The strongest ink. Happy birthday to my brother, by the way.
And so we will remember to continue this treasured two-hour live recording next or some week here on
Hour of Slack from the Church of the Subgenius, which is visible at subgenius.com.
The background music behind me right now,
is by Calvin Ball, recorded live at X-Day. But now, let us close with this X-Day hymn
by the great El Queso All-Stars.
Control what's left of your brain. Oh yes, and all your money to the Reverend
Highton's Day.
Oh yes, and all your money to the Reverend Highton's Day.
Embrace the Yeti blood that flows in your veins to the top.
By your clouds, rain, slack, like rain. Let all control what's left of your brain.
Oh yes, and all your money to the Reverend Highton's Day.
Embrace the Yeti blood that flows in your veins to the top.
By your clouds, rain, slack, like rain. Let all control what's left of your brain.
Oh yes, and all your money to the Reverend Highton's Day.
