I got arrested. Come on, Hal. We're already two hours late for the show.
Watch it with that water, man. We don't have much. So where's the road?
Behind us. Behind us? What the? I thought we were going towards the road.
Look, we've got to get to our show before there's just a big blank space and nothing else.
I hope it lasts till we get there.
Yeah, I know.
My feet are killing me.
See, the sun's this way, so the road's got to be over there.
Yeah, but the moss is growing on the other side of that.
The radiation warning signs are all pointing that way.
It looks kind of menacing. The sun's just coming up.
If that really is the sun.
Yeah, the sun's just coming up.
It looks pretty weird.
What?
There it is.

Just wish...
I don't...
That looks like the Cactus Rim, Arizona's national...
No, I don't think this is Arizona, Hal. This is Texas.
Yeah, there it is.
We've got to be in Texas.
Let's get out of here. It's creepy.
I just hope the Indians haven't set one of their deadly traps.
Hey, watch out.
Boy, we'll never get back to KPFA at this rate.
KPFA?
I thought we were going to KMON.
What are you talking about?
All we have to do is reach the mall.
We've got to get to the mobile field in town.
We can start our broadcast.
And also, we should just be able to see the rocket from here somewhere.
I'm afraid that went down several hours ago.
A rocket?
No rescues out of the question.
It would have shown up on our locule.
But...
Look over there.
Just a natural rock formation.
Nothing to be afraid of.
It's moving.
That's a secret.
It looks like a big scary monster.
I know, but...
You know, out in the desert, things can look like things that they aren't.
It's called a psychic heat mirage.
They call them duendes.
Oh, don't talk about the duendes.

Yeah, the Indians say they're little shriveled, dried up, mummified like beings about a foot
tall that grab onto your bike like you're a monster.
Look at this rock over here.
Just...
Oh!
Just tear a piece off.
That...
What's that?
A baby?
This cactus doesn't feel like plastic.
These rocks are made out of paper mache.
Nah, it's just a...
This tree is made out of a spring.
Maybe we can get some water, huh?
I don't know, you guys.
What does that symbol mean?
Oh, yeah.
This is bed springs.
That's what it's called.


I don't know.




We're not in any more coffee.
Doesn't that mean biochemical hazards or something?
I don't know sugar, no more beans.
I can't figure out where the road is.
At least we got a good astronomical observation last night.
Check out the man pack, see if we can figure out where we are.
We better get a Geiger counter reading.
... called it.
SS-433.
It's kind of cold out here.
Don't call it nuclear winter, but nothing.
The air is clear, but for our readings, we can take another reading a little later on.
I just hope we've got something to say.



I'll tell you when it's time for that broadcast.
Yeah, no kidding.
I love my script.
A lot of people are counting on us.
Remember that.
All ten listeners in the Bay Area.
The Bay Area.
They've got to hear us.
There you go.
This is Texas.
Come on, you guys.
Oh, look, a jackalope, Arizona's national rabbit.
I thought those were extinct.
There it goes.
It's glowing.
It has little speakers on its head.
Yeah, I wonder where that's coming from.
It's probably an observation drone.
We all follow where the artists lead us.
They are our Galileans, our Louisians, our Edisons.
And the artists are telling you to pledge to them the show.
We'll see you next time.
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?


Oh.
Oh.
What?

Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
The knee-deep sheep dip dipped deep down below the steep and chilly waters of the
deep stream floats on the surface like the ancient Egyptians floated on the current of
their beliefs.


for they thought they would never die,
but be reborn as gargling sarcophagi,
horrible mummies to march across the earth
and wreak and spew vengeance.
All of the little tiny dead deities
marched down the side of the subgenius church
and now live and die.
Within the great pyramid,
the secret chamber of the subgenius.
What light and steam come from the special effects department
located below the pyramid?
Here, inside the heart of the mighty structure
puzzling evidence broadcasts
from the inner chamber of the great pyramid.
Yeah, I'll teach you all how to talk on the radio.
Come on down.
Yes, these giant pyramids are actually radio stations
of a primitive nature,
which broadcast by the strange shape of the sun.
I'll play rock and roll until everybody falls apart.
I'll copy that old Procter & Bergman movie.
Then they would show the strange films
to the walls of the...
Come on, let's watch it, Jamie.
Close your eyes gently
and let your mind develop a sense of the future.
Close your eyes gently
and try to imagine that this background tape
has not somehow lost its little fuzzy...
I bet that's...
No, the little fuzzy pressure pad is rotted away.
Yes, it's a little rotted away.
Let's try it up here.
I was trying to hypnotize you.
Easier.
There we go.
Ah, yes.
Regular.
I think...
And easier now.
I think we can get into it.
It will become regulated...
Into a faultless pattern
as you breathe slowly.
Yes, we can calm down now.
Let's be quiet.
And deeply.
And let's...
In perfect rhythm.
With Bob.
As you let yourself go...
To Bob.
And begin to relax...
And call the...
Completely.
Station.
Completely.
You are letting yourself go.
You're writing the...
A little more.
Writing the check.
And a little more.
You're thinking of Bob.
Every nerve.
Every muscle is responding and relaxing.
To Bob.
As you drift deeper and deeper into quiet, soothing rest.
Quiet, soothing customership.
Your mind is perfectly at ease.
You finally paid up.
A delightful sensation of peace and quiet envelops and enfolds your entire body.
You know the station has your money.
A perfect sense of peace and contentment is taking possession of you.
No more guilt.
No more guilt.
You have completely let go.
You're gone.
Dismissed all your worries.
You're dismissed now.
All your tensions.
You've made your pledge.
All your fears.
You no longer need to fear.
And you can feel yourself.
Total and utter destruction.
Drifting away through the white, silky clouds.
Oh, yeah.
High above the peaceful green landscape below.
Oh, Frappy.
The warm, radiant sunlight is gentle and relaxing.
You're going to be fine.








As it sifts through the heavenly clouds so still and quiet above you.
No.
Quiet except for the sound of your fingers pushing the button.
To call and pledge all that you can spare.
Mayhaps even all that you have.
Just call the station.
Call the station.
We shall triumph with your donation.
You know, the subgenius foundation gets dozens of cassette weird outs in the mail every month,
yes.
And we extract the very best squeezings.
And then we boil that brew down even further to create that essence, that very resin of
slack that you seek.
And then we boil that brew down even further to create that essence, that very resin of


But too few have yet realized that the electronic media that the church and its allies generate
is as dense as its printed media and vice versa.
And those who buy usually come back for more and more and more.
Veritable junkies, my friends, for the Dobbsward.
But then some never buy.
Of course, I don't blame you.
You can get this radio show for free.
But only for so long.
Only as long as somebody is making those lovely pledges and getting that wonderful hour of
slack t-shirt, oh yes, and those free tickets to some comedy show.
Of course, you know, we, I'm sure most of you wouldn't be interested in comedy.
This is a pretty serious radio ministry, actually.
And because, yes, Bob speaks now through his ministers and his disciples.
He speaks to you.
You can hear him in the background now.
It's Bob.
All by himself.
That's the way he sounds.
He's talking in his sleep in this special recording.
You know, there are subgeniuses on this earth who have practiced for so long and with such
fervor at the occult art of auto-psychic trance babbling that they've become channels for the
very word and song and fervor.
The filthy routine of Dobbs himself.
The holy media of mediums and extremists.
These shows, friends, are realer than any mortal can ever be.
Bob is moving across the face and tongue of all the Americas.
The time is drawing near.
The doctors for Bob are willing to be killing.
And the fall of the pinks.
The pinks is nigh.
But only if you call in, friends.
Only if you call in.
Well, we warned you that it was a pledge-drive night.
And by that self-same token, I think we should, as we did last week, rather than pester you
and harp on those who haven't pledged and so forth, rather than, we've decided that
honey will draw more of you flies than will toxic bees.
Cobra venom.
Uh, so with that in mind, let's see if we can call up CD number one for some lovely
background music by Rudy Schwartz Project.
And, uh, rather than harp on you for not sending money, let's harp on the conspiracy for making
us have to worry about this money anyway in the first place.
Because as it says here in this flyer from Radio Werewolf,
it's sad, dear friends, but you-
Wait a minute.
That isn't-
God, I have-
What?
If-
For-
You should pledge for no other reason than to pay for a goddamn recording engineer to come in here and make my decisions for me.
I just-
Some-
Some nights it just goes so smooth, and other times it's just not right.
Well, I'm gonna go for an old standby, one I can depend on, one that I know will play, uh, properly, for, uh,
well, maybe I won't.
Maybe I should just harp on the money after all.
What song is this?
I was trying to play Django's Waffle Apparatus.
I'm gonna try again.
Well, no wonder I did have it queued up wrong.
That's number eleven.
Push a one and a one.
And-
And-
Oops.
I did it wrong again, friends.
I'm telling you, there are those, uh, shows that-
You know, a lot of the time what you think has been carefully prepared is just happening by chance in the most marvelous way.
And then other times, it just doesn't all-
You know, I think it's gonna happen that way, and then it just doesn't.
Just-
It'll get you.
Okay, let's get back to hatin'.
Some good proper hatin'.
Radio Werewolf sent us this little flyer that says, you know, friends, work attracts the lowest elements in our society, those who will do anything for money.
Although the evils of employment are many, and the physical damage it does to the individual's health, it's not a big deal.
The worst aspect of working is the effect it has on our young.
A media images of successful businessmen with fancy cars and expensive watches and beautiful women-
Or was that beautiful watches and expensive women?
Send our kids the message that working is okay.
That work pays.
In this way, the cycle of employment dependency is perpetuated from generation to generation.
This cycle is illustrated by the below chart from Berlin's Schoenwether Institute.
120 years ago, when people had pride in themselves and their community, only 6% of the population was willing to sell itself for money.
The rest lived by their wits.
But now that the public school system has rendered our nation witless, is there any reason to believe that employment dependency, already at 50%,
will not increase in the future?
We must act now, dear friends.
And the best way you can act on that, and end the very concept of work, is to support the church of the subgenius.
But you know something?
To completely and utterly destroy the concept of money, my friends, it's gonna take money.
It's gonna take a lot of money.
And I want you to call this station.
In the meantime, I want you to take a good look at yourself.
And listen to this list of 10 signs that you are employment dependent.
That you are an employee.
If any three of the following describe you, you probably have a job and should seek help immediately.
Number one.
On Saturday and Sunday, you're still waking up early for your morning commute.
And number two.
When trying to open the door to your house, you find yourself using the key to your office.
Do these things happen to you, friends?
While at home, you answer the phone in an official manner, citing the name of your company.
Hey, Will, you got another call.
Uh...
Five.
You have a jar full of quarters next to the coffee machine in your house.
Four.
While at home, you find yourself smoking in the bathroom and leaving cigarette butts in the unflushed toilet.
Six.
You habitually frequent places of employment.
Stores, restaurants, malls.
Any place filled with employees.
Seven.
You never drink until after five.
Even when someone else is buying lunch and you could stiff them with a large bill.
Number eight.
When behind a person paying with food stamps at the supermarket, you feel indignant and superior.
Telling yourself that only weak people don't work.
If he was a real man, he'd have a job.
Number nine.
You imagine yourself to have a physical dependency on work.
Believing that you would starve to death if you quit working.
You even wonder if you'd have any friends at all if it wasn't for the co-workers bonding you did at the company picnic.
And number ten.
You find yourself oddly silent when others around you, the subgeniuses, are mocking yuppies.
And you notice that you only think about sex when the Victoria's Secret catalog arrives in the mail.
Now, friends.
If three or more of the above describe you.
You probably have a job and should seek help immediately.
So, and you can get that help apparently from Radio Werewolf.
Who, uh, did that little pamphlet we've been looking at.
At post office box 75416.
Washington, D.C.
Two double oh one three.
I know you, the half of you people are out there taping this show.
I know it.
And, uh, you know, I know that cassette costs you at least a dollar.
Why don't you spend another four or five keeping us on the air so you have something to tape.
Besides the Guy Lombardo record.
Uh, that we were gonna torture you with.
But we're not going to, friends.
Because, well, we're gonna, we're gonna torture you some other way.
I think I'll, I think I'll do this!
No more can the conspiracy my lowly wages rob.
My wife belongs to Bob.
Bob!
Coming out to you from the depths of my heart.
And I can, I can see so many of you sitting there hovering by your phones waiting.
Now the phones are ringing here.
We're doing great.
Uh, this time we got all the beautiful girls.
The, uh, the mighty studliest of genius ministers sitting here waiting to catch your calls.
They're all busy.
But if you get a busy signal, just call back again.
Because we sure ain't gonna turn down a bit of your money, dear friends.
You know that.
That's one thing you can always trust a Bob.
Listen to those things going off in the background and, uh...
So, bro...
Money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money.
Money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money.
Money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money.
You've found a new and interesting way of earning extra income, right?
In fact, quite a bit of extra income if that's your goal.
Even the chance for a whole new lifestyle.
Why not share it?
It's certainly to your benefit and to the benefit of those you sponsor.
So, for all I know, maybe these...
Ah, yes.
Oh, we've got...
This is one of the callers that wanted to meet Reverend Stang at a cheap motel.
That comes with a $200 pledge.
Sire, there is no more money.
We gotta get some money.
That dirty perky shark back here.
When this...
Oh, friends, you know I'm about to get serious when you hear the Doctors for Bob background music.
And it's true.
I mean, as bad as we need that money, you know what we need it for?
We need it to completely and utterly destroy the concept of work.
And yet, what's hideously...
What's most hideously...
Ironic of all of it is that we who most appreciate slack are actually the hardest workers.
I know it sounds incredible, ludicrous, crazy even, but it's true.
Pinks who only care about money and status are, contrary to popular belief, lazier than we are.
A subgenius once forced into an unpleasant situation, such as employment,
is usually gamed to go the distance in style,
and as a kind of reverse screw-up, actually do the job better than the conspiracy dupes would.
Of course, this so-called job well done might later be revealed as a completely destructive act of sabotage.
But you know, it's always infuriating to see nice-looking pinks getting paid mega bucks
for doing what any moron could do but doesn't want to have to dress up and kiss butt for.
The fact is, just about any moron could indeed do it, and better.
Being unfettered by megalomaniac concerns of grooming aids and ultimate lifestyle,
the moron calls forth creative solutions to whatever problems lay at hand.
Subgenii, if only to make themselves feel superior,
are always looking for ways to improve things, to cut through the red tape,
to force thrills from a chore in any way possible,
to customize everything around thing.
Normals are much more comfortable with bland, half-assed work,
and bland, half-assed relaxation as well.
They can't understand slack because they can't understand real work.
I.e. work one wants to do.
The idea of modifying the world around them is an alien concept to them.
They'll modify things according to the plan of some subgenius,
but they never really initiate anything because of their crippling fear of blame.
As pinks will go to the trouble of starting lynch mobs
just to avoid admitting they might have been wrong in the first place.
Because friends,
the conspiracy doesn't want you to care whether something works,
only whether everybody else is doing it.
This tendency becomes a serious liability
when the continued survivability of, oh say, a planet is in question.
But the life of the successful pink only appears tranquil.
Drones aren't quite as mindless as they seem.
Every moment of their lives, even when they feel happy,
they barrage themselves with unvoiced questions.
What's my share?
How well can I play the game?
When should I nod?
Who should I imitate to prove I'm an original creative person?
How can I gain from somebody else's creativity, labor, and effort?
How can I leech off the dues they paid so I don't have to pay any myself?
And most of all,
how can I prevent myself from being a loser?
Ever knowing and admitting that that is what I'm doing.
I'm not just playing around,

Never leaves a gap
Unfilled
Always pays on time
Always fits the bill
Hiccup worth repair
Cube tops
Squared off
Eight corners
Nine degree angles
Back top, step straight ahead, stop, march, blockhead!
Never tips over, stands upon his own, he is a blockhead.
Thinking man for wrong, he can fall prepared.
Q top, square off, eight corners, ninety degree angle.
Black top, step straight ahead, snake eyes, blockhead!
Black top, step straight ahead, stop, march, blockhead!
Never tips over, stands upon his own, he is a blockhead.
Thinking man for wrong, he can fall prepared.
Q top, square off, eight corners, ninety degree angle.
Black top, step straight ahead, snake eyes, blockhead!
Q top, square off, eight corners, ninety degree angle.
Black top, blockhead!
Step straight ahead, blockhead!
Stop, march, blockhead!
Blockhead!
Blockhead!
Yes dear friends, it's true.
Now I'm gonna continue with that little extra kick in the butt from Devo there.
To bitch and gripe about why it is that we have to bitch and gripe about money.
And I mean I'm sorry, but that's the way it is.
We could go on like this forever and we would not be bored.
And even if you were, we wouldn't care.
Friends, the people to avoid are the ones with really large egos.
These are helpful hints, by the way, from Revelation X on how to deal with the job world.
We're trying to help you learn how to hack and chop your way through that job world.
And you think that's all you've got?


You see, as we say, the ones to avoid are the ones with merely large egos.
Now our egos are so huge, yet simultaneously so tiny, that they become as microcosm and macrocosm, encompassing all creation.
Pumped up to such a size that they thin out, become transparent, getting fainter and fainter until they're so delicate that their atoms pass between the atoms.
They're so delicate that their atoms pass between the atoms.

They're so delicate that their atoms pass between the atoms.
And finally they merge with them.
One might as well try to insult a tree, as insult a sub-genius.
But the people with merely large egos are the ones who require constant and copious feeding.
They seek proof of their greatness by, quote, demanding respect, unquote.
Now whereas we are so naturally great that we could take or leave greatness, and can forgive its lack in others.
While at the same time we attempt to destroy our own greatness.
Those who desperately need to prove they're great have to legitimize their existences by making a big deal out of how serious they are, or else how silly, as opposed to humorous.
Indeed, the degree to which one can't take a joke directly correlates with one's level of general incompetency.
Paradoxically, as we said, subgeniuses like to work at what they like, and ironically are often the hardest workers on the team, even when the task is to not work.
They put things off, but then overdo the job at the last minute.
They loaf every chance they can get, and are always late, but in the long run, they get everything done that was worth doing.
Now, some pinks make wonderful co-signers.
Pinks with no egos or regular-sized egos can be a dream to work with.
Some even instinctively mock their own frailties and foibles.
But then there are those pinks with egos slightly larger than they themselves are, who are lazy, unpleasant, and incompetent, yet somehow think they are above the work, destined for a higher niche.
And it's so far beneath them to be working there in the shop with you that they see no point in doing their jobs adequately, if at all.
These evil pink co-workers, whose every statement is some kind of transparent ploy, are so incapable of honesty that the best way to intimidate them is to be completely honest and sincere.
It's like confronting them with a five-headed baby.
They don't know how to deal with it.
It's outside of their existence.
They act like a monkey who's been handed an algebra book.
All they can do is gnaw on it, pee on it, get frustrated, and say,


Screech at it!
It's a fun trick to play on them.
Uh, note, friends, sincerity and honesty are not recommended for use on evil pink bosses.
That's a different thing entirely, and we wouldn't want to leave you astray.
Well, uh, yes.
Now I think it is time to...
...to calm down for just a second and change show.
As we listen to, uh, our good friend Jay Condom's, uh, background music here from his album...
...his and Gary Panter's album, One Hell's Sound Witch.
We just heard from Dr. Condom.
I'm sure he wanted to remind us to mention his name over the radio.
And as well we should.
You should all run out of friends.
You ain't...
We've only got 25 more minutes of fledged drive here to go.
But we can make that 25 minutes seem like forever.
We really can.
All I have to do is start playing nothing but these old fledged drive tapes.
I guess that's what it's gonna be.
So...
When this show ends, if you haven't helped the st- the station, what you know as reality is gonna come to a crashing halt.
All energy of all universes...
...of all dimensions...
...of all time frames...
...of all realities...
...shall be channeled through the cheap amplifiers of Dr. Survive.
Yes, the universe shall be destroyed by amplification equipment bought on credit at Boyd's Music Center.
Yay, lo and behold!
And as all energy of all known universes begins to be channeled through their channels...
...and their amplifiers...
...a new and heretofore unknown force shall be created.
A force which shall be known as anti-sound.
And you thought anti-music was sound.
Anti-music is a force which has never, and by its very nature, can never exist in this universe.
Anti-sound is a force unlike anything...
...ever experienced before in any known universe in any time continuum.
The only reason it is even called this...
...that the word sound is even in the title anti-sound...
...is so that you'll have some type of reference point.
But anti-sound has nothing to do with sound.
These waves...
...these rays...
...these forces of anti-sound...
...shall vibrate...
...or anti-vibrate, I might say, through the entire universe.
And the entire universe will lose its form.
It shall be destroyed.
Every molecule shall be demagnetized from every other molecule.
Every electron demagnetized from every other electron.
Every proton demagnetized from every other proton.
Every atom shall be repelled from every other atom.
The universe shall lose its form as we know it today.
Born to lose, and now I'm losing universal form.
Hyperclites shall quip...
...breaking off one last one-liner...
...before the universe loses its form.
That sound is more important than you are.
That sound is more important than your entire life.
I am not an animal.
At this level, our salesman can see the top of the ladder...
...and is well on his way there.
Don't forget, if all you can do is sit at home...
...then try to keep yourselves awake...
...and dial the phone.
Call in for pledges.
Call in for pledges.
828-9500-823-7490.
Answering the phones this evening.
Beautiful Dr. Seyfried.
And the best thing you can do is dial this number that you see on your screen...
...as quickly as you can with a contribution to the television mission.
Well, Bobby's got a sweetie...
...and Connie is her name.
And her ways could put the sacred whore of Babylon to shame.
She reaches in Bob's pocket...
...fills her round for something hard...
...then pulls her hand out holding on to his mighty credit card.
And so my wallet belongs to Bob.
Yes, my wallet belongs to Bob.
And I never have to fear...
...because I know Connie's on the job.
And my wallet...
...belongs to Bob.
Well, you may have your lady...
...and your horny green man, too.
Their elemental energy may be what's right for you.
But someday you'll grow weary of those paganistic cults...
...and give away your money to the one that gets results.
And then your wallet...
...will be for Bob.
Yes, your wallet...
...will be for Bob.
And you will be subgenius...
...not another stupid slob.
Because your wallet...
...will be for Bob.
Well, I believe I am much calmer...
...got the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer...
...sittin' on the dashboard of my car.
Praise...
...Bob!
Praise Bob!
Oh, and praise Sister Melodious Choss.
Enjoy the rest of the concert.
Thank you very much.
Praise Bob!

I want to meet him.
Many...
Many have seen him.
You try to meet Bob...
...and you never will.
...and you never will.
So this is the closest I'm going to get to meeting Bob.
No, one day a man will come up to you...
...and sell you something you don't really need...
...and when he does, you have been touched by Bob.
Praise Bob!
Don't join this church lookin' to get cool off us!
Huh!
Don't join this church lookin' to suck the slack out of Bob...
...'cause he won't help you!
Kill me!
There are people beyond redemption!
Yes, there are even people whose money...
...will not let them into the church!
They might buy a membership, yes.
They might attend meetings.
They might even yell when the Pope calls upon them...
...but deep in their heart...
...they're hip whims.
But little listeners, you may ask, is there hope?
There's not a fundamental issue.
There's not a fundamental issue.
Jesus came back.
And, we are fruitless sinners.

We are fruitless sinners.
We are fruitless sinners.
We are fruitless sinners.
But even so, whatever happens to you,卿
and New Daniel as network supersedes the truth.
Understand the power of things is power as things,
as theybecome?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
But we know you will.
You're just fun in us.
Just in the last five.
Minutes you're going to call it.
But sadder news.
Perhaps even than that.
Jack Kirby died.
Yes the comic book legend.
Who helped create such as superheroes.
As Spider-Man and the Incredible Hulk.
Man I grew up on Jack Kirby.
Jack Kirby's dead.
Jack Kirby is dead.
And George Bush is still alive.
Ollie North is playing recorded.
Applause in the background.
And getting paid millions.
To speak at colleges.
And Jack Kirby's dead.
Man.
Just the very.
I don't know if I can handle it.
I really don't.
I mean.
Omak is crying.
Kamande is crying.
Devil Dinosaur.
Even the mindless Devil Dinosaur.
Weeps.
As the greatest.
Really one of the.
As this guy in the paper said.
Jack Kirby is the comic.
Who makes what Picasso is to modern art.
And it's true.
His rocky looking figures.
His strange.
It's almost 3D looking.
Even his women looked like they were carved.
From blocks of wood.
Or rocks or something.
And I know that.
I know Jay.
Jay Condom out there agrees with me.
Man it's a day to mourn.
There's been a lot of subgenius superheroes.
Who've died over the years.
And I never even mentioned most of them.
But Jack Kirby.
That.
Here's another sad one friends.
Man accused of getting high on toad juice.
The fact that a person would be accused.
As if this were a crime.
But the most.
Well let's.
Let me see.
I'm gonna.
Actually I'm gonna turn.
I'm gonna turn the music off for this.
Because this is.
This is really kind of.
Depressing.
San Francisco Chronicle reports from Angels Camp, California.
Squat.
Plump.
And covered with warts.
Hans.
Franz.
Peter.
And Brian.
Mark time in a terrarium in the office of an elite narcotics unit.
Material evidence in what may be the world's first prosecution of a man for smoking psychedelic
toad squeezings.
Bob Shepherd.
41.
A local teacher.
Explorer scout leader.
And blah blah blah.
Will be arraigned tomorrow on charges that he milked.
The toads.
Of their mind expanding discharge.
Put it in his pipe.
And smoked it.
His wife.
Connie.
37.
Faces similar charges.
Friends.
They charged Bob and Connie with smoking toad juice.
Can you.
God.
And yet George Bush walks free.
Taking people's.
Seats at rodeos away from him.
And then having them beat him.
And then having them beaten up outside.
It's just.
Other prosecutions may follow according to law enforcement sources.
They say drug agents are just beginning to catch on to the small underground culture.
Smitten by the intense psychedelic high produced by smoking toad venom.
In 1990 politicians in Georgia and South Carolina were concerned enough to introduce bills to
stamp out such freakish acts.
The proposals went nowhere.
Possibly because it is hard to prove just how prevalent.
The practice is.
How big a problem it is.
I don't really know.
Said John.
Slim.
A veteran Fremont narcotics agent who has traveled the world lecturing on hallucinogens and other illegal drugs.
I suspect that it might be increasing a bit.
But I don't think we're going to see people selling kilos of toad slime.
That's not what this is all about.
Ellum.
An agent for the narcotics team said his previous.
I can skip over that.
Slim said.
Here's some guy who squeezes toads to get where he's going.
We don't really get much training in this area.
Shepherd agreed to help the officers out.
Stepping before a video camera to tell agents what he knows for a training video.
Viewing the tape produced just hours after the consent search of Shepherd's home is quote.
Like watching the Discovery Channel.
He's very pleasant.
Not your average maggot looking dope dealer on the corner.
Of course not.
This is Bob and Connie they just busted.
Law enforcement officers will get still more help March 1st when the new Department of Fish and Game regulations take effect.
They make it a misdemeanor to possess a Colorado River Toad or Bufo alvarez.
The drug culture's toad of choice.
And it's not because of the chemical factory skills of the amphibians friends.
It's because they're endangered species.
No one knows for sure who first viewed toad venom as a drug.
It's because it was a vehicle for kicks or spiritual enlightenment.
But some date the practice to rituals performed by the ancient Mayan Indians of Central America.
Friends Bob was the first man to suck a toad I promise you.
The venom known to kill dogs is released from glands behind the toad's eyes and its legs.
Drug users pop it like a pimple.
Then dry the venom and smoke it.
Licking a toad will only make the licker sick.
Possibly very sick.
Experts say.
Firing up the venom in a pipe however denatures the poison.
And will give the smoker a 20 minute trip.
So intense that quote he can hear electrons jumping orbitals in his molecules.
At least that is what Bob told police he heard.
And friends you can hear that every week on the hour of slack.
If you will just support this radio ministry and keep us going.
I guess I know you will.
I know you will.
Give us all your money aha.
How much more do I owe you?
• • • • • • • • • • • • •
So how does it work?
You imagine you have any more money.

I'm a decent person.
But still but I'm not seeing any more than a bottle of pub tab, five cans.

from you here at the station in Dallas, Texas. Oh, I know what it is. Everybody in Fort Worth
and Arlington has been calling 823-7490 and getting some little old lady in their neighborhood.
It's area code 214-823-7490. Okay. Which is just 10 minutes left in the show. Please don't hurt
us anymore. As we announced that the British plan to reopen the investigation into the death
of Jimi Hendrix more than 23 years after the tragedy. Uh, yeah, sure enough. Scotland Yard
has been requested by the crown prosecution service to conduct inquiries into the circumstances of the
death of Jimi Hendrix. Um, Hendrix hailed as one of the world's greatest guitarists died in an
ambulance after, now this is what kills me. This is news for you. After overdosing on drugs at the
London home of his German, well, he, he drank too much and took,
you know, he drank too much and took, you know, he took, you know, he took, you know, he took,

five pills too many. And, but what killed him was he threw up in the ambulance and okay,
this is the story. The official, most official real story is that he threw up in the ambulance
and, uh, stupid ambulance technicians didn't unstrap him. He was strapped in lying down and
choked to death of his, on his vomit because he couldn't shake loose. But his ex, his old former,
probably his main girlfriend, Kathy etching him seems to be behind the request for a new inquest.
Apparently, uh, she had a private investigation done into his death and sent the findings to the
attorney general who said the death was all very dodgy. He was in the wrong place at the wrong time
with the wrong people. And of course, uh, there was absolutely no indication that Hendrix was a
drug addict or wanted to kill himself or anything like that. He made a dumb mistake and somebody
may have taken advantage of that dumb mistake to make it, uh,
even dumber. Let's see what else in the news here. This last little thing, uh,
Oh, Oh, here's some sports news for you, friends. We don't usually cover sports on the, on the hour
of slack. This is from the leak news service from Neil Wilgus there at Albuquerque. The U S serial
killers took a commanding lead today as competition for the fanatic onus Memorial lethal instinct
award entered its final rounds. American mass murderers took an early lead with shootings in
Chicago and Atlanta and a bombing in Baltimore, but killers, the killers came on strong and overcame
the mass murderers, uh, chalking up a Zodiac in Boston, a Bundy in El Paso and two green rivers
in New York state. The early round of the 15th fanatic onus competition saw several of the weaker
contenders dropping out. And by the second level, uh, private security, second story men and postal
workers had called it quits. Next game, fierce competition in which the U S serial killers
were eliminated, which state troopers, stick ups, internal revenue, drunk drivers, and
cops were eliminated. Followed by county sheriffs, skinheads, cult killers, the gang, the church
and the clan in quick succession, uh, drug enforcement looked promising in the middle
rounds, but was shoved aside by ATF FBI, which scored heavy points in Waco, but failed to
follow through. Then it was a battle of the big boys, the joint chief, the mob, terrorists,
CIA cannibals.
the chief executive, doctors and lawyers, the energy department,
and, of course, the American mass murderers and U.S. serial killers.
Big Business and Bilderbergers declined to enter the competition this year,
stating that having shared top honors for 14 years in a row,
it was time to step aside and let the amateurs fight it out.
Fight they did, and seeing the American mass murderers and the U.S. serial killer team
slugging it out to the end can do nothing but renew our faith in the power of the free individual.
And you could renew our faith even more by paying attention to these simple instructions
here now down near the end of the Pledge Drive show.
Thank you.
Welcome, sweet little smackaroos.
Welcome, sweet little smackaroos.
Welcome, sweet little smackaroos.
That's the kind of sugar pop.
That's the kind of sugar pop.
That's the kind of sugar pop.
Oh, just look at that fat, rich, printed number.
Oh, 200 pesos.
Welcome, sweet little smackaroos.
Welcome, little smackaroos.
And then there's the payments due on the car.
Oh, no.
Well, I'm just telling you, I sometimes wonder if it's worth it.
I mean, really.
I wonder if it's...
I wonder if it's...
It's worth even trying.
What am I...
What am I killing myself for like this?
What am I...
I don't know.
Oh, if I had any brains.
That's a trouble.
I've got the brains.
But I don't know.
Maybe it's my attitude.
It's wrong or something.
Nothing happens.
I figured I'd be.
Something.
Something.
Something.
Something.
Something.



Everybody gets pushed up ahead of me.
In that proportion.
And there's the wife.
The kids.
The trouble.
The car.
Yeah, and there's...
I don't know.
Let's have another drink.
Forget the whole thing.
Oh, stop it! You're killing me!
See, it makes me feel much better just talking to you.
Anytime, baby. Anytime.
Dive!
Oh!
Hi, this is Mark Mothersbaugh from Devo.
Give every cent you got to KNON.
At least tithe 10%.
If not all worldly goods, my friend.
Could mean your very soul.
Your very soul.
He speaks the truth.
And if you believe that, you'll believe anything.
And that's what we want you to do.
We want you to believe the Bible.
We want you to believe Marvel Comics.
We want you to believe Pee Wee Harmon.
He re-erected and he started channeling through me.
And Bob himself, that's J.R. Bob Dobbs,
for the benefit of those who may have just tuned in,
Bob himself, he told me that
if you don't believe me,
if you don't raise $8 million this evening,
he's going to die again.
Now, the listeners to this station,
so cold-hearted, so merciless,
so lacking in religious feelings,
they're going to let Bob die a second time?
I certainly hope not.
Hey, Fred, you don't know our listeners, Pope Bob.
I mean, to tell the truth,
these people would pay to watch Bob thrown to the Christians
while the lions watched in the Coliseum.
Oh, yeah.
They'd just soon see blood.
They want to see blood.
They don't want to call 823-7490.
And, but see if you...
Hello, this is Timothy Larry,
reminding you that just as you need slack,
KNON needs your help.
Send in those pledges and praise Bob.
Hi, this is Pat Paulson.
I just want to say that I endorse Bob
as my running mate in this year's election.
And this is the hour of slack
on station KNON in Dallas, Texas.
You know, I know where that is.
Hello, Bob.
This is Father Guido Saraducci,
formerly Pope Maurice of the People's Catholic Church,
and all of my fellow popes from the People's Catholic Church.
Salute to the Church of the Sabbath Genius.
Carry on.
I will have you paying Tiffany cufflinks.
I'll demand that you pay up the money,
the money that you have been withholding from Bob.
You have to give unto Bob that which is Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Or Bob.
Money is Bob.
Sex is Bob.
Slap.
His Bob.
And you, my friend, what you've got in your pocket
and behind your pocket and right next to your pocket up in front,
that is Bob, too.
I want to see some calls coming in.
I don't care who you are or where you come from.
If you haven't sent your $20 into Bob,
you're going to burn.
And KNON.
Mother Teresa, I don't care how many people she's helped,
if she hadn't sent her $20 into jail,
Bob Dodgers is going to burn in hell.
Honestly true, but you know,
there's so many of you, you've been out here,
you're taping this show,
and guilt is that feeling that you've been feeling.
It's like, it's as if the most hideous henchman
of the tiny demon, Ehig-Ehin,
was gnawing and tickling incessantly at your very guts.
And it isn't from being afraid of the punishment,
it's from knowing that from that time on,
you won't be allowed to forget what you didn't do.
And here's some of our other friends.
They call it the buckle on the Bible belt.
Yeah!
It has the largest quota of millionaires,
the worst crime rate,
and one of the severest poverty rates in any American city.
Yet Dallas could also be described
as the most Christian place on this earth.
And over the airwaves,
the pressure to buy, to give, to pledge was relentless.
And although we've got hundreds and thousands
that are so faithful, God bless you.
God bless you for your faithfulness.
Still there are hundreds and hundreds, maybe thousands,
who are not faithful, who made the pledge,
and for some reason or another haven't sent it in.
And when we count on that, and it doesn't come in everything,
everything suffers.
We are even having a hard time meeting the payroll right now,
and the people that we have working for PTL have families too.
And the power of slack.
They have bills too.
Jim Baker's running costs exceeded $2 million a week,
but the money he made was not enough to pay his debt.




That's nothing compared to ours, friends.
This baby that I'm holding in my hands
is one of the first babies that has been saved.
823-7490.
It's the magic of staying in there.
We'll have to send him this part of the tape
so he knows that we finally achieved something like major funding slack.
This could be the flood we've been waiting for.
People were just waiting to hear other people do it first,
so that they could be joining something rather than starting something.
So they waited, and now that the phones are ringing, they're all ringing.
Thank these folks, these nice folks, these subgenius folks.
Eric was the one that wanted to just make the pledge of faith.
But he couldn't pay immediately, right?
He says he wants the mug, but he can't pay that faith quite yet.
But he wants to make that faith pledge, folks.
Okay.
He has the good dachshund ice feather.
Well, he'll pay for that one.
Give us that stuff.
He wants the condoms and Jacksonian March.
And they're already packed.
I hate bringing eight for you in there in Brighton,
but there's still a couple of empty phones.
There's one.
Well, this'll be good.
Seven more stops.
Lucky co-walk enough slack.
That lucky caller will walk away with enough slack for a lifetime.
He can never leave.
Isn't it wonderful?
Be a success?
And that's all he thinks about.
That's all he thinks about.
You know, I longed so for success.
It's kind of hard to believe that it's brought me all these problems.
Listen, I hate to seem like the kind of wife that goes behind her husband's back with his boss.
Subgenius people, why, they're the salt of the earth.
This is a great program.
You'd like to rub elbows with us.
Sound impossible.
I'd like to rub salt.
Yes, you rub it between the forefinger and the thumb.
I now recognize that all of us make mistakes.
Say what?
You take the pinch of salt.
You rub it between the forefinger and the thumb.
Walk with a sense around a burning, decapitated child's head,
and then jump into the grave and say,
Hop of my thumb, hop of my thumb.
This is a problem I must overcome.
Throw in a dead cat or a live cat that's not feeling well.
Then cover with the sod.
And when the birds chirp on the third Saturday after Micklemas,
take a large dill pickle and insert it in the tubers.
Show me what you're doing.
I'm gonna start all over again.
I've got to start this damn show all over again.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.

Oh.
Oh.
Oh.

Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Hold on, innit.
You can do it.
Holding on?
Is it better, that I still sit?






First, you have to tone down, predictable, and literal.
Kn자ě test my sense.
