and now in theory if I push this one little button I won't have to do much for anything
else except listen for lonesome cowboy Dave who we hope will arrive here at some point
Bob has given us great insight and wisdom
so it is again with a heavy heart that I see
Bob rendering poems
public service to the people of this country for some period of time and it is a hope that
we are going to be able to help Bob fulfill one of his whims which is to sit down and write a book
he will not because that book is entitled Bob Matters and I am much richer for it
you
Mr. President I yield the floor
wait a minute what about Bob
well what about him
if we can capture him alive
what
why you're crazy
yeah
yeah
yeah
yeah
yeah
yeah
yeah
hey look out
Bob is coming
it's fake
stop it
what's the matter
do you dare sit here and watch Bob
and ask me what's the matter
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob

Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
well
it
it
OK
good
so
uh
Bob?
Bob?
Oh, my.
Bob?
Oh, my.
I'll tell him.
Bob?
Of course.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.







Oh, my.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.



Oh, my.
God seems to be a recurring problem, and all he wants is for you to realize he's mad at you.
You're saying, oh, God.
Can't seem to get rid of God to date.
And God is going to give you red scaling patches in Jesus' name.
God has just come on your skin.
He seems to come seasonally, and that skin is going to leave you right now in Jesus' name.
Someone else, you have a problem with the gut right now.
It seems to be a recurring problem and a long-lasting problem for you.
You've had it for a long time.
And you're saying, oh, Lord, deliver pain on the right side underneath your eye.
God's piercing your left eye as well.
You'll not have it anymore.
God is able to deliver headaches.
It's for you.
And, Lord, we just ask again that you just leave right now.
Today, Lord God.
In Jesus' name.
Amen.
As Jefferson once commented,
Dear, I had a cheese sandwich and a cup of coffee sent in for lunch.
Oh, that's one of those grown-up jokes you wouldn't understand.
As Jefferson once commented,
You don't frighten us English pig dogs.
So now, little man, you've grown tired of grass, LSD, acid.
You've grown tired of cocaine and hash.
And someone pretending to be a true friend said,
I'll introduce you to
The Self-Genius Powerhouse Watch.
From PR News in Washington, I'm safe and accounted for.
Following an attack by Vice President Dick Cheney,
and Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld in a parking lot,
Cheney would be the most senior U.S. official to attack PR News.
Saudi security forces say gunfire and explosions have been put in place.
And U.S. police are being used to search for American culture in Washington.
When you've had a bath, a ring belongs around the tub.
I stand silently looking through the windows of my mind at the world outside.
Wanting to belong, yet knowing it can never be.
I am different from those around me.
They have their own small worlds, complete cells,
interlocking one with the other, where they live and die
with nothing ever disturbing the wheel of life they circle around.
I fly among the stars.
My world encompasses eternity and reaches back to grasp the dawn of time.
Who needs the world?
I have the subgenius power of SWAT.
Now here's something to think about.
Your mouth won't be happy Tuesday.
In obtaining this record,
you have taken the first step to the future.
The first step towards self-improvement,
toward attaining those goals that are important to you.
Not that this or any other record contains any magical powers,
or that any spoken words have the power to transform you in any way.
The power is within you, within your mind.
And more specifically, within that part of your mind of which you most likely are unaware.
The subgenius power of SWAT.
From ER News in Washington, I'm saying it would yield nothing.
Ukraine's Supreme Court collided with a parking lot on a dairy farm
after firefighters struggled to remove opposition candidate Victor Veneman.
The National Hockey League must go forward since early September.
President Bush reports.
President Bush told reporters on the ground that it's time for the Iraqi troops of soldiers...
A society of tyranny and torture and mass graves
to be raised at the ballot.
President Bush also confirmed the White House.
PR News, Washington.
Uh, yes, dear friends.
Well, this is the first time I've been on the air in a while.
And you're listening to some wonderful collages
from the artistes of alt.binaries.slack.
Which probably about 60% Fernanda Nde-Limer
and about 30% Artemia Salina.
And there's a little bit of Mr. Sister thrown in.
Throwing himself into the mix.
And very little of yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang.
Although we are actually here in the studio waiting for lonesome,
lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Who I should mention.
Just try that downstairs special door.
Dave, forget the upstairs.
Special.
Oh, yeah!
Well, look who's here.
It's the subgenius.
Our own.
Old School
One, two, three.
The devil's after me.
Four, five, six.
He's always throwing sticks.
Seven, eight, nine.
He misses every time.
How do you like that?






Hallelujah, hallelujah, amen.
Nine, eight, seven.
I'm on my way to heaven.
Six, five, four.
I'm almost to the door.
Three, two, one.
The victory now is won.
Hallelujah, hallelujah, amen.
The End
The End
The End
Because in the end, the people want another dictator, a strong-arm leader, who's going to have the secret police.
You know, why wouldn't they?
The new leaders of NATO walk in the room.
The greasy pole and all the rest of it.
I'm all for conferences, just as long as the conferences produce a nuclear weapon.
Mr. President, first, the Prime Minister is your poodle.
I was wondering if that's the way you may see your relationship.
Let's see here.
Yeah.
Yeah, I mean, that's absolutely right.
Right.
Absolutely.
Good job.
Thanks.
The minute you walked in the joint, I could see you were a man of distinction, a real big spender.
God seems to be a...
a recurring problem, and all he wants is for you to realize he's mad at you.
He wants to deliver migraine headaches and red scaling patches.
And Lord, we just ask again that you just leave right now.
Today, Lord God.
In Jesus' name.
Hallelujah.
Hey, shut up.
Hallelujah.
Hey, shut up.
Oh, shut up.
Just shut up.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.



Is she dead?
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.



Yes, sir.
Just shut up.
Mr. President, Congress can't afford to be threatened.
The United States, in its formative years, never chose the free access of information
of their citizenry.
The founding fathers of this great nation of ours knew the value of repressive measures,
such as the censorship of published material.
Oh, my God.
to protect the government from their citizens.
As Jefferson once commented,
when the people know only what the government wants them to know,
all is safe.
Let me be clear if I can here.
The legislation that I've submitted today for inclusion in the record
isn't about protecting freedom of press.
Instead, Mr. President, this legislation is used as a tool for propaganda,
whereby nothing could get published without the government's consent.
From PR News, I'm in an animal in Little Rock, Arkansas.
American farmers still face another animal in Ames, Iowa.
A Senate panel dragged it from the market.
A USDA spokeswoman did not enter the nation's food supply last year.
The Agriculture Department has stepped up federal disease this summer.
Scientists in an unidentified American herd may be infected.
For PR News, I'm being tested in four to seven days.
This is PR News.
The Labor Department reports President Clinton made claims for unemployment
in the United States.
Even when the U.S. hunt for other former presidents who escaped will continue.
I'm washing diseased animals in Washington.
One, two, three, four, five.
One, two, three, four, five.
One, two, three, four ,five.
Two, three, four, five.
One, two, three, four, five.
One, two, three, four, five.
One, two, three, four, five.
One, two, three, four, five.
One, two, three, four, five.
One, two, three, four, five.
One, two, three, four, five.
From PR News in Washington, I'm preparing large amounts of uranium
and sending cement to insurgents in Washington.
In this PR Business Update Alan Greenspan,
We can further as a banking group pleaded guilty today to dumping several bodies on his bloated uterus
and sending the Federal Reserve Chairman to their loved ones instead of Jordanian militant Aboumous Greenspan.
Greenspan said to avoid PR news by purchasing assets without abroad.
For PR news, I'm expected to receive 787 discarded bodies, which would have cost $2 million.
That process could be used to make nuclear bodies on his property.
U.S. troops have come across a large sign saying PR news, Baghdad.
From far beyond the galaxies, I've journeyed to this place to study the behavior patterns of the human race.
And I find them highly illogical.
Girl meets boy.
They fall in love.
She says he's everything she's dreamed of.
But when they get married, before he's aware, she changes his habits, the way he combs his hair.
She changes him to someone he's never been and then complains he's not like other men.
Now really, I find this most illogical.
Take the case of your automobiles.
Greatest invention.
Since 19...
Man discovered wheels.
High dramatic overdrive.
Floor on the floor.
Push-button windows.
Push-button doors.
Double-barrel carburetors rush you anyplace.
But you never can find a parking space.
Highly illogical.
Take the case of modern man.
He works all his life.
Gives it all he can.
Saves all his money.
Works overtime.
Pinches every penny.
Banks every dime.
All he can think about is money.
But you know that he can't take it with him where he's going to go.
Now I find that fascinatingly illogical.
Now is the time to journey home.
To tell of what I've learned.
My people, I believe, have every right to be concerned.
For in spite of computers and advanced psychology,
behavior patterns are still a mystery.
I believe.
I predict the future of this earthly human race.
Is that having made a mess of Earth, they'll move to outer space.
Well, there goes the neighborhood.
Totally.
Completely.
Absolutely.
Irrevocably.
Highly illogical.
From PR News in Washington, I'm producing a guest that could be sent to the president from Washington.
Presented by the President of the United States.
President Bush ambushed a Polish woman today with small arms and rocket-propelled policemen.
Officials appealed unsuccessfully for popcorn.
Police say they've identified most of the prosecutors by watching videotapes.
Elsewhere in the capital, an Iraqi police station appeared in Warsaw today.
Police in suburban Detroit said it was the ugliest thing recommended by the September 11th Commission.
Perky photos are on our website, PR.org.
Hey, Forky.
What?
Fork job.
Pork chop.
Pork chop, Forky.
Pork chop.
Forky.
Pork chop.
Pork chop.
Oh.
Come on back and eat your pork chop.
No, no, I don't think so.
Oh, pork chop.
I'll have a ebb-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e blue
Christmas
Without you
Oh, if you feel so ebb-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e blue
Ain't he just thinking?
... Murray?
Billy?.
Well, you're an idiot.
Good night, sir, thanks for watching.
Very bow-well, everyone.


Oh, cen생 came last year and all the holidays must beake the same air that we all happy

It's okay.
Bye-bye.




Oh, away you.
With switch guys.
Start falling
That's when those
Blue memories
Start calling
You'll be doing
All right
With your Christmas
With your white
But I'll
Have a blue
Have a blue blue blue Christmas
I'll be
I'll miss you
You'll be
Doing all right
With your
Christmas
With your
With your white
But I'll
Have a blue
Have a blue blue blue Christmas
Oh yes
Dear friends
We guessed that that was Mel Blanc
But we've drawn a blank
Otherwise we just don't know
All of this came down the pike
From
The

The


the
The island
Flores
And the island
The island of flowers
Off of
Well whatever
It's certainly
Some place we'll invade soon no doubt
Get more of those cool skeletons
Yep that's what we're looking for
Cool skeletons
Cool skeletons
Groovy skeletons
With the brains still intact
With the brains like a tiny shriveled mushroom
Awaiting for the coming of Zyra
And the world beyond
DUM
I..
I wasn't ready yet
I'm a gay
I'm a gay
Don and Grand ma entregas
Jenwood
And you sleep
Youness
And as sheís done
And as we did
It all
Now we
Season one
And you and me
We all
Gotta hope
You get
A new

disfr處

Your Front
House
So many new people coming in now, and they just don't know the ropes.
First of all, you have to pay for your food, okay?
I know a lot of people didn't know that.
Second of all, you have to pay for your armaments and your toes and your little slappers and your dingers.
And I don't know, just a lot of things you've got to be aware of.
But anyway.
Bulletproof jackets, too, eh?
Yeah, of course.
And we've got them on sale here in the back.
So if you want to just come on around after we do a few numbers here, we're going to smoke one right now.
Okay.
Everybody knows that Santa's going to blow right up in some new guy's face.
Holiday outages, they ain't a pretty sight to see.
But I'm almost out of this place.
And it's Christmas in Bad Dan.
What a festive place.
What a festive place to be this Christmas in Bad Dan.
We'll put that in a body bag under the Christmas tree.
And it's Christmas in Bad Dan.
Magic fills the air this Christmas in Bad Dan.
Is the magic in the air or the burning in my hair in Bad Dan?
What a festive place to be.
What a festive place to be.


It's Christmas in Bad Dan.
We'll put that in a body bag under the Christmas tree.
And it's Christmas in Bad Dan.
Magic fills up the air.
Christmas in Bad Dan.
Is it the magic in the air or the napalm in my hair?
Everybody knows that Santa's going to blow right up in some new guy's face.
That's all right with me.
those Santa IDs cause I'm almost out of this place. And it's Christmas in Baghdad. What a
festive place to be this Christmas in Baghdad. We'll put dad in a party bag under the Christmas
tree and it's Christmas in Baghdad. Magic lights up the air this Christmas in Baghdad.
Is it the magic in the air or the napalm in my hair? Okay, just remember that because you're
gonna have to remember that. God. You have to remember that. Well, after the foreshortening
and the removal of the brain pan, you're not gonna remember much at all. Actually, yes,
you're right. I'm sure you are right. And after we fill the brain pan with the bedpan,
you're not only gonna feel everything, you're gonna pee it. And you're gonna be it. Cause
it's time to pee it and be it. Yes.
Christmas in Baghdad. What a festive place to be this Christmas in Baghdad. We'll put dad in a party bag under the Christmas tree and it's Christmas in Baghdad.
Lights up the air this Christmas in Baghdad. Is it the magic in the air or the napalm in my hair?
I'm burning my hair. We just won't know until we find out. Are you going to Germany soon? Oh,
no, it's actually much too soon to go right back. Actually, not if you're an amputator.
You know, many young amputators have to go right back. It was funny. Lonesome Cowboy Dave,
while we were in Germany, we got to experience the compassionate Germans saying things like,
feel very worried about this fascism rising in America. Are you building
camps yet? We have some experience with this. We could show you.
Well, you know that the funny irony of that never seemed to occur. These were 20-year-olds we were
talking to. Youthful people who were, their idealism was shook up a bit.
Too young now to remember how things were. But yet at the same time, they're so foolish in their
discontent for what others do. No, no, no, no, wait, let me take that back. I think we should all be pretty discontented
with what our others do. The others are significant ulteriors. They are the reason why we must wear
these masks. But our day will come when we will rise up. Maybe we won't rise up. Maybe we'll just
sort of make some phone calls and get on the internet or something. Maybe we'll have another
snack.
This knob and we'll, and this knob genius must have snacks.
No, genius must have snacks.
From the toxic waste and the spent plutonium, Santa drove his elves and
tiny reindeers on forward through the dripping snow. The wind was ripping through his flatulence
and his shirt was red with blood. He cared not. His hands stayed
steady on the reins,
because he knew peace was coming to the earth.
Yes, peace would come to the earth.
mej storyline
Frank Estoy
Sineredith
부 Propertyeshum Four People
Bringing lots of toys and presents, bringing us some peace.
Teaming up with his friend Jesus to start a mighty band.
Playing in Nazareth and Jerusalem with his mighty...
Santa's coming.
Santa's coming.
Coming, coming, coming.
Bringing peace and presents to the merry...
Peace and presents.
That's a spooky Christmas song. Santa told me that one.
I like the peace and presents part.
He taught me. Santa taught me the song himself.
We saw some strange Santas overseas.
They have long, like, shovel beards.
They're like bishops.
Well, in the Holland Headland.
Like pups.
In the Neanderthal lands.
He's still a Saint, Nicholas.
And he looks like... He wears a Pope hat.
And he has a little cartoon black man mascot named Black Peter.
Black Peter.
When you travel around Amsterdam and other cities in Holland Headland,
you see all these Santas or Sintas.
With Black Peter.
And Black Peters. Yes, a lot of big fat Santas with little Black Peters.
Well, the reason...

Yes, do you know of little Black Peter?
I know why Santa has a little Black Peter.
It's because he drinks too much.
Far, far too much.
We were told that...
That...
It was liver disease.
The Dutch Santa, rather than working from the North Pole using elves,
has little slaves in Spain who work in mines.
And make... Either they make toys or they mine the gold and Santa buys the toys.
I don't know how it works.
But Black Peter is this little Dutch black fellow who has...
Or Dutch dressing, anyway.
Who is the leader of the slaves.
He's the head slave or the foreman of the elf slaves in Spain.
In Spanish mines that Santa Claus uses to make toys for the good children.
For the Dutch children.
Because the Spanish children get nothing.
They are slaves.
No doubt.
Do you remember 400 years ago we were enemies and so they're still going to go to Spain to steal the presents.
No, that is not true. Not true.
Spanish children are very, very well fancied and get many, many presents at Christmas.
They make good presents too sometimes.
The ones in the mines make the presents and the ones in the big house on the hill get the presents.
Just like it's always been and probably always will be if the man has his way.
Well, sometimes the...
And the man and his big black...
The black Peter are going to make sure they have their way with all of us, I'm sure.
Did you know that in Italia a witch delivers the presents?
Really?
La strega.
No.
Benfana, si.
An old, old lady, an old crone delivers the presents.
Well, what does Santa Claus do?
There is no Santa Claus.
But...
He's just another saint.
Just like Anthony or, you know, Francis...
Well, I know he was based on Saint Nicholas who was a backdoor man in Asia Minor.
But...
He was a backdoor man back in the day.
Well, you mean backdoor man in that he entered from the rear flap or do you...
Yeah, to deposit his big red sack, his load of gifts for the lonesome widder gals and so forth.
That's where he shook his black Peter.
Yeah.
You guys can contort the most rosy, beautiful story, can't you?
Yes, it is a rosy story too.
Well, it was because of that scary Santa song he was doing, man.
That was creepy.
He is coming to the...
And has ironed, and has ironed toward the Middle East.
Teaming up with his friend Jesus, bringing presence and peace.
That's really gonna happen too.
I pray every night and day not to Dobbs, either, for crying out loud.
Well, yeah.
Well, you don't really want Dobbs or his friends noticing your prayers, because then they'll
know just...
You'll be cursed.
You'll be cursed.
If you pray to Dobbs, I've done it before, and every prayer that you offer up to Bob
Dobbs becomes a curse upon your mortal soul and your immortal shoes.
And that's the truth.
Yeah.
Oh, listen to this, Dave.
You'll like this song.
Let us begin.
Let us begin.
Let's begin.
Let's begin.
A new beginning.
Let us begin a new, begin a new...
Remembering.
Remembering, remembering...
Lemme hear you.
...는데.
...nice.
S
Un 떠oat آدی dei a Mê automatic diache to təān.
Explore what problems unite us
Instead of belaboring those problems
Divide us
Let both sides for the first time
For the first time
Formulate proposals for the infection and control of hearts
Let us begin
Let us begin
Let us begin
Let us begin
Begin anew
Begin anew
Remembering
Remembering
Remembering
Stability is not a sign of weakness
Stability
Is not a sign of weakness
Sincerity is always subject to proof
Sincerity is always subject to proof
Subject to proof
Let both sides
And let both sides
Explore what problems unite us
Unite us
Instead of belaboring those problems which divide us
Problems that divide us
And let both sides
For the first time
Formulate proposals for the infection and control of hearts
That's a pretty strange tune there.
Now I thought that guy was dead too.
Now is that, what's his name, the impersonator, the impressionist, Von Meter?
Or was that the real president of the United States 40 years ago?
I don't know.
I cannot.
Elvis Kennedy.
In all sincerity, not answer that question.
Do you remember when...
I know nothing.
I don't want to get into it.
I know nothing.
Yeah, you're not...
You're not allowed to know anything.
Do you know why, Sting?
I think I do.
Do you really understand why you're not allowed to know anything?
I try not to think about it or not do it.
You are disrupting the cast.
That's why.
What do you have to say?
I don't want to mess the hive up, man.
I don't want to be different.
I want to fit in.
You are different.
No!
Your tail feathers reek of cheese and bad onion dip.
No, no, they're real.
They're real chintail feathers.
Yes, of course, they're real.
I'm a real rooster.
You dress yourself up that way so you look like the cock of the walk,
but everyone knows that you're as lonesome as pudding.
Look at those...
Oh, my God, the lacerations on your head.
Why?
I thought Bob would like it.
He does.
Bob wanted me to have those cuts and scars and scabs.
He does.
He does.
Doesn't he want us to...
To...
To...
To...
To suffer for him?
Yes.
That way he gets slack, man.
But you haven't suffered enough.
The cuts must be deeper.
Like Zimbo's here.
Oh, good.
And like Wee's.
Look at Wee's cuts.
Yeah, she's got deep ones.
It feels good.
I like her slits in her...
It feels really good.
It does.
They're deep and tight.
And here's the salt.
Here's Thang take the salt.
If I have cuts like that, will Bob stick it in my head, too?
Oh, little boy.
Black Piotr will come and stick it in the rear flap where it belongs.
Don't worry.
In my exit wound?
Yes, in your exit wound.
And Bob and his Peter will get in my exit wound?
Yes, yes.
And everything will...
If I'm a good boy or a bad boy for Christmas and Existlessnessmas?
Yes, yes.
Everything will be just fine and rosy.
Oh, Wee.
I've noticed you haven't prepared yourself for the nuptial surprise.
Sorry.
Sorry.
That's all right.
You sit down there and put your hands on the manacles.
I expect you to do it yourself.
Is she going to use the duck on me?
No, she's going to use nothing on you.
We're going to use the radioactive Zycron stope on her neck.
I'm not going to use Zycron stope.
Maybe it'll be something a little bit more meaty than a little punch dort.
Yeah, we're just going to use this taser here for...
And, uh, friends,
this is what you can expect more of here on the Hour of Slug.
No, you cannot.
Because as long as Jesus wounds are bleeding,
a new man awaits in the puddle below to drink and become better than he was.
I have a good...
Actually, I should have a good Jesus cut up here.
Let's try this Jesus cut.
I guess you're capable, all right, but somehow or another,
it just don't come as natural to us as it does to you.
The human male never seems to progress.
Past adolescence.
Retailers have been fighting for years to keep Christ in Belmont, California.
As a Christian, I believe Jesus prostituted the baby in the manger.
Fine, but making a buck.
Well, I'm out to change Christ from an adult.
Like, oh, say, keep the jingle Jesus doodads should trivialize entirely.
And this is a person on frump.
This background music here, this is a person, an example of someone,
a frump user singing a Jesus religious song.
Oh, sorry about that.
No consonants involved.
He is 43 years old.
Is that correct?
Yes.
This was formerly a rocket scientist, a subgenius who used frump for the first time.
Are those scars, the lobotomy scars on his...
No.
No, those are trepidation?
He came with those.
Okay.
The frump is all it took.
One hit.
One hit.
One hit.
He was a baritone rocket scientist, and now listen to it.
I noticed most of all the distension of the pubis dragging on the floor.
Yeah, it does turn you into a horn dog.
Oh.
Makes you really, it hangs you like a horse, you might say.
Oh, this song.
Check this out.
I'm like a horse flying.
Wind and cold of the Himalayan snows.
There's a creature there I can't forget no matter where I go.
I was a mountain climber many years ago, and there wasn't a place I wouldn't go.
But when I saw that strange creature in the snow, it made my blood run cold.
Abominable.
Abominable.
Abominable.
Snow creature.
Hiding in the snow.
Abominable.
Snow creature.
Snow creature.
You'll haunt me wherever I go.
Ha ha.
This is a great song.
It stood upright like a giant man, and it had a long white mane.
It had red eyes.
It had pointed ears.
And great long sharp fangs.
I was heading up towards the mountain peak when I saw it coming my way.
I grabbed a rope, and I started to go.
Then I felt that mountain sway.
He hit me hard with a fist of steel, and I went a-rolling in the snow.
And I didn't stop till I hit a rock a thousand feet below.
Oh.
Abominable.
Abominable.
Snow creature.
I'm hiding in the snow.
Abominable.
Snow creature.
You'll haunt me wherever I go.
Now I'll never climb another mountain, and I'm gonna watch where I go.
Cause I'll never know when I'm gonna meet you.

Meet that strange creature of the snow.
Away up high on a windy ridge where a mountain goat wouldn't go.
I saw that strange creature in the snow.
That strange creature in the snow.
Abominable.
Abominable.
Snow creature.
Snow creature.
High in the snow.
In the snow.
Abominable.
Abominable.
Snow creature.
Snow creature.
Help me wherever I go.
Ah, the Yeti walks.
The Yeti walks, dear friend.
Are you a child of the Yeti?
That was Marlon Wallace, by the way.
Sounded like Marlon Perkins before he took his last breath from being raped by one of those abominable snow creatures.
One of the least understood and misunderstood.
And poorly told stories of the late 1970s was the death by defecation of, or not defecation, by fornication, excuse me, of Marlon Perkins, who was, well, back when I was a little child, he was the zoo man.
He loved critters of the wild.
And one day he brought back to the Chicago Zoo a wonderful, wonderful female snow Yeti.
And they fell in love.
It wasn't very long before they fell in love.
They decided to get married and do whatever it is they could.
And they did what they could do to have a family.
And as you know, they were fairly well unequipped to go the one way.
So they had to take the runway the other way.
And that meant that Marlon was that snow bitch's bitch.
Things didn't last too long.
They called for some attendance.
They said they were going to keep the doors locked just for privacy's sake.
But it ended up being a horrible carnage.
And we're selling some of that.
Horrible carnage here today.
Wow.
Praise Bob.
Praise Marlon Perkins.
Praise Bob.

Praise Marlon.
Praise Refai Shankar who did this.
There's not enough praise to go around.
Organ music with his mighty organ in the background.
Yeah, France.
Do you like people?
No, I don't.
No, I don't.
You like all kinds of people.
No, I don't.
No, I don't.
That's wonderful.
Do you like adultic animals?









You like twisty things?



I'm still seem too male free.
I know, man.

You were blessed enough to come back to me like that when I came over there to the
hospital.

on TV.
Chenamania.

Yes, if she made a mistake, confzes, magnificent, but, again, we're not the ,


A Kyle Chasler nod cannot put a man in a position, like after dis Catch Grumpy's
first playthrough with a post-set Canadian��고 Wal利 Ele mittlerweile
and pessimism twelve.
Bloody hell.
Yes, doctor. Here it is.
From ER News in Washington.
Wow, Noral Pref did that.
That was lovely.
Absolutely marvelous.
We don't want to abrogate our responsibilities as criers in the night, though.
We have to be the ones who point the snake out when we see it under the rock.
Isn't it true?
Let us not abrogate.
Let us not abrogate.
We shall abrogate not.
We don't want to assume because we don't want to,
but we want to take on these responsibilities.
I've been artificially neutralized.
I've taken the big vow of silence.
I'm never going to say another stinking word again,
but I am going to make some noise.
I don't know if it's going to be intelligible.
I'm sure your noises will not be.
You have to shout, to quote the great Jeroen van Bram,
you have to shout and make a lot of noise or whatever,
because when you die, you shut up like hell.
And that is why when you go to a hamburger
and you finally find that perfect hamburger,
you don't just eat it, you eat the hell out of it.
The very hell out of that burger, my friend.
Then you walk up and down the Reaper-ban.
Yeah, you walk up and down the Reaper-ban.
We did actually walk up and down the Reaper-ban.
In fact, I went to the whorehouse, the Walmart of hookers.
Ah, the Walmart.
Along the Reaper-ban.
And there was a...
Was that the place where I was not allowed to go?
Yes, Princess V was not allowed to go unless she was selling herself.
She was not...
I thought that was kind of sexist, actually.
Oh, yeah, yeah, that is sexist, but that's the way we had it.
Yeah, what about three ways?
Three ways?
You can only have it one way on the Reaper-ban.
On the Reaper-ban.
I'm sorry to sound like the guy who sings,
I just go nuts at Christmas on the daily holiday.
Anyway, so you had big sexy fun on the Reaper-ban in Hamburg.
You went back, you went to Brighton Beach. What was that like?
Actually, Lonesome Cowboy Dave, it turns out that for years now, for decades, there has been a subspecies of subgeni living in Brighton,
who were cut off from the rest of the subgeniuses, even the ones in London, the rest of Europe.
And these Brighton, you know, Brighton is like the San Francisco of subgeniuses.
Very foggy and sandy.
We had been hearing for years that there were these huge raves in Brighton with gigantic,
gigantic bob banners bedecking whole dams and bridges.
We'd heard that there were stickers everywhere.
And sure enough, as we approached Brighton, we saw a pipe of halftone bob pipes, a decal on a street sign.
That is amazing.
And we were driven to a place called Upfront Screen Printing,
and we walked inside and defecated.
Of course.
For what we saw was more dobbly.
Dobsheads.
And more mutated dobsheads.
Portraits of our guru and slack master, JR Bob Dobbs.
Portraits as far and deep into this building as the eye could see.
Every wall, every chair.
The chair seats were covered with intricate, tiny, little, wonderful dobsheads.
Taken from our books and invented by them.
You couldn't sit down, in other words, without getting a dobshead up your wazoo.
So you're saying these are the most dobsheads you've ever seen in one single place?
It was actually true, yes.
This is the most, actually the most numerous dobsheads I've ever seen that were not on a screen of the new dobs video, Dobsadeliastis.
So as a species, would you say that these Brighton beechers are, to a man and woman, all saved or unsaved?
Well, that's the funny thing about it.
They obviously have slack and understand slack.
But they know little of the wordage or verbiage of dobs.
They know mostly his face, a few of his slogans.
They know of the books, but as mysterious documents, shunned tomes, you know, kept hidden by an ancient priesthood.
The search begins. Yes.
For those ancient tomes.
They could be hidden somewhere near the crown of Piccadilly or near the Stonehenge, any place around there.
Now here's another weird thing, Dave.
Okay.
This party in Brighton, it was going to be a devival, but it never turned into a devival.
Because everybody just danced the night away.
But they had a theme.
And the theme was, all these Brighton hipsters and weirdos were to dress as pink suburban rednecks of the English kind.
Which are called chapsters or chavsters.
Chaps.
I don't remember those.
Yes.
And so we were told now, our friends are going to be dressing up as British rednecks.
Well, in walked all these British people.
But they looked to me like they were dressing like American pinks.
Ordinary middle class pink Americans.
Not your cowboy.
The state is spread.
But yet in the British redneckery form, it's kind of like a cross between ghetto black stuff and silly pink suburban...
Princess, we could probably describe it better than I, for I know nothing of these norms.
Well, it's the warm ups.
These outfits.
These are the outfits that you wear to warm up for sports.
I wear them frequently, of course.
And then of course it's the Burberry plaid.
What's a Burberry plaid? I forget.
A Burberry plaid is a beige, black and thin red striped plaid that indicates a certain status.
So do I.
Except that over there it's quite a joke.
Everyone wearing it over here is a joke.
It's a joke to them.
They were dressing as Americans in order to look like British dumbasses.
Well, that was what...
And it was perplexing to me because I couldn't tell where the acting began and where the dumbassery ended.
Why wouldn't they perhaps dress like Alex and his droogies with their jock straps on the outside and like the strange noses and bowler hats and white things and the gobbles and the yarburs and the other things?
They might.
But here's what they discovered.
That when they threw a theme party about British rednecks, the thing filled up with actual British rednecks.
But the ambulance and cops had to be called twice.
Oh, mate.
They said, next time, man, next time the theme's going to be San Francisco hippies.
He's loving hippies.
Yes, but really...
Tree huggers.
Tree huggers, yes.
Truly, the subgenius European revival Lost and Found Tour was a great success.
We did Amsterdam, which we cannot remember.
Hamburg, Brighton, two London shows.
We also did Princess Wee and I on Thanksgiving did a special show.
Drinking publicly in the British Museum.
Just because you can over there.
They close the bars at 11 o'clock, but you can drink in public.
On the buses.
On the trains.
It was astounding, yes.
In the park.
Strike up, James! Strike up!
They're becoming more like America.
They're banning everything.
Smoking will not be allowed in any public place in England nor in Holland, which will affect the coffee shops quite a bit.
Probably which...
And generally, I'd say it's all going downhill.
The freedoms are going away, but the Starbucks, the Woolworths and the McDonalds are getting stronger and more plentiful.
You'll go to a little town in Germany and it will look like a storybook fairy tale land with an ancient cathedral and a Starbucks next door.
And an ancient apothecary next to a radio shack.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
It's all...
Buggy balls.
It's the Pax Americana has them worried about fascism in America.
Pax Fiduscom?
There in Germany.
We Americans sure do have a lot of sack putting up all those things, friend.
Well, you know, it could be worse and it could be better.
Yeah!
It could be a lot better, baby!
It's Christmas in Baghdad.
Magic lights up the air.
Oh, yeah.
There's Christmas in Baghdad.
Isn't the magic in the air?
Or the napalm in my hair?
There's Christmas in Baghdad.
What a festive place to be.
There's Christmas in Baghdad.
We'll put Dad in a body bag under the Christmas tree.
It could be much worse.
It could be much worse.
Fighting began today in North Olmstead.
A mosque was invaded.
Three or four or...
Well, there are no numbers yet.
Also, there was fighting in Brook Park.
There was fighting also in Euclid tonight.
It could happen.
It could happen.
I mean, people could get pissed off and just start, like, smacking each other.
Oh, yeah.
Like, say, you're far enough away, you know.
Oh, yeah.
I could smack you.
Yeah, right.
And then I'd smack you back.
You know, like the people, the maintenance people.
And some of the people in the other rooms start smacking.
From PR News in Washington, I'm suffering from hunger and poor health.
President Bush reports.
Nothing is going to change.
And it's very important to understand nothing will change.
The president wants trillions of dollars.
There was no change.
Four Palestinians were wounded in a humiliating process after the failure of PR News.
One of the wounded was 36-23-32.
In Washington State,
the Children's Republican Army dropped their plans for photographic proof.
An unmanned Israeli spokesman jumped out along the border in two separate incidents.
Scientists have found bacteria that are resistant to PR News.
President Bush reports.
Farmers often add germs that become resistant to PR News.
A woman accused of giving swine deadly bacteria that are resistant to PR News has been arrested.
Wow, man.
Wow, man.
I'm glad at least we're keeping track of what's happening.
Because, you know, with world events going the way they are,
anybody could change into any form or shape at any time,
and the whole thing would be, you know, all over.
Well, we're lucky on this show to get PR News from Fernand and Andy LeMers' news organization.
That's where all those little news reports come from.
And he's actually out in the field gathering the information himself, I heard.
Yeah.
He's outstanding in his field.
Hunting and gathering.
Way outstanding in his field.
Did you hear about during hunting season here, I know you were gone,
but in the United States during hunting season a bunch of hunters decided to take it upon themselves to eliminate each other.
To get better huntings and so forth.
Really? No, I didn't know that.
Oh, yeah, yeah. There were a lot of them this year.
Accidents?
No.
Murders?
A murder, yes.
Serial hunters?
Well, they got into an argument about whose hunting land it was.
Serial mountain hunters.
Well, that's true, yeah.
So, they collected their stuff and took it upon themselves to eliminate both artists.

A wintering in which they decided not to shoot any more with
a revolver against the thyr ihšangani.
But, when they decided to kick it up, they didn't get down.
They might have to play really hard shot.
You know, itית 얘Lor m queen.
peanuts here.
They'll what you for a bag of peanuts?
They'll shoot you. Oh, shoot.
I thought you said...
Zoot, yeah. Well, no.
It's pretty hard to get them to zoot you. You have to bribe
them. They'll knee crap you for a bag
of peanuts.
That's one way to put it.
And I roll the bag.
There's like two and three and four other
ways of putting it.
If you don't really get into it.
Or so.
Oh, and I might mention, by the way,
incidentally, in passing,
that
there is a subgenius revival
coming up in Detroit for those listeners
far, far, far
away in
Detroit. There will be a subgenius
revival March 19th at
the Magic Stick.
Involving the
amino acids
heard here in the background, as
well as
Mann Incorporated.
Yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang.
Reverend Carter LeBlanc, the
greatest of the under 50
subgenius preachers.
And I
just thought I'd mention that.
That is
in Detroit on the 19th.
And that's about all
we know. Oh, by the way, for people
interested in seeing horrendous photographs
of subgeniuses
on the loose in Europe and some
very, very tediously
detailed reporting on all that,
you might look at
www.subgenius.com
I've been
practicing my slick radio way of
saying our address.
For free
information,
those of you who aren't on the internet
or on the radio can
write to us and get a little booklet or
something.
Here's that address.
Hour of Slack at
Post Office Box 181
417
Cleveland Heights
Ohio 44
118
Once again, that's
Post Office Box 181 417
Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44 118
Huh?
Well, we'll leave this
This is a cut from the new Amino
Acids album
Destroy the Warmest
Warming Sun.
And, uh, and we will let, uh...
The entire duration of my stay
with the aliens.
They never once turned off the TV.
I don't know why they have to
You too, dude.


you
you

you
you
you
We'll see you next time.
Bye.
