So, Bob, what religion are you converting to now?
The subgenius.
The all-power-less genius of the subgenius.
Bob, Bob.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Welcome to Hour of Slack number 1041,
which is going to be a cheat,
because I'm going to play a 20-year-old rerun
from 1986 of Hour of Slack number 83.
And it was recorded at the KNON station in Dallas,
which later kicked us off the air for not being something enough.
And anyway, it's a wonderful show, though.
The theme of this one was creationism.
And something about it makes it seem perverse.
Perfectly fresh today, as if it were recorded just this very morning in the year of 2006.
Oh, this background music is by The Cosmix.
The Cosmix.
The Cosmix.
The Cosmix.
Your mind is so vividly red,
and become pure,
and become pure,
and become pure,
and it gives itself in complete serenity
to a positive new pattern
of perfect happiness and restoration.
Day by day, you will become more and more relaxed.
Each day, you will experience a new delightful sense of quiet peace
and perfect contentment.
This is the Cosmix.
This enjoyable sensation will launch you into a quiet sea of heavenly peace and harmony,
where you will float in a pleasant rhythm.
This is the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack,
here on KNON 90.9 FM in Dallas, Texas.
The Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
And, uh, friends, this is one to keep those headphones on,
keep those tape decks recording and bootlegging,
because this show, this particular one, is going to be filled with music.
Of all kinds.
You'll see this right now is a great new Subgenius,
Zug's Rift.
And you can actually find this one at the record store.
Strangely enough, almost everything else here played tonight on the Hour of Slack.
Sponsored by CanaLena, the church of the Subgenius.
Uh, these aren't things that you can buy in the stores, generally.
Oh.
But you can call the Willa Dobbs here
at 823-
9-0-
828-
9-0-
9-0-
And find out where to find out that information,
because we can't tell you tonight,
but, uh, you can write the post office box.
It comes at the end of the broadcast.
And, dear friends, oh, yeah.
Happiness is security.
We pray and gloriously alive with a firm conviction
that each day will bring forth
a definite change for the better within you.
Yeah, well, that's what they all say.
And in all of your affairs.
But I've got this great new theme music.
Actually, we've used...
used this...
this stuff before a long time ago.
Some of y'all might remember this.
We have no idea where it comes from,
but I think you'll agree that this is the perfect opening music
for the hour of Slack.
You know that it is showtime
And it is your time
And the show must go on, baby
Come with me and you will see
We are stepping high
What is the name of our show?
Stepping high, stepping high, high, high
Now, boys and girls
Let's see if we can dance
To the rhythm of stepping high
If you are ready
Let's go and dance
Let's do that time step and dance
Dance to the music of stepping high
Stepping high
High in the sky
We will dance
We will sing to please you
You are stepping high, high, baby
But don't forget that I am here
Yes, dear friends, that man is driven by Bob Dobbs.
He's gotta be.
He's gotta be.
This is Ken Nordean.
Sometimes I wonder if I know where I'm going.
I go for a walk like this.
It's a little bit of a struggle.
And it seems I have been walking for years and years and years.
And I don't know where I'm going.
I hear the sound leading me on.
And I don't know where it is taking me.
I see people rushing some place.
They seem to know where they're going.
And they're getting there in such a hurry.
But where am I going?
You know where you're going.
Maybe you could tell me.
And then I could go along with you.
What's the matter with you, bud?
You in a fog?
Sorry.
I'm sorry.
Why the hell are you following me on the emailed map again?
Oh, I could tell you what I was doing earlier.
You was sleeping over there.

Oh, no!
I'm sorry!








So I don't know if I know where I am, but I think that just fine.
I have no idea.
I think that you're probably getting healthier.
I know you're always worried.
Yes, I totally am.
And maybe there's a couple times I'll have to hurt you into zigzags for a day,
You hear?
The sound is getting louder.
Yes.
But it's getting blacker.
And blacker.
And blacker.
And blacker.
Help!
Help!
Help!
Help!
Help!
Help!
When you're lost, you're not new.
You may be rich, a big business man with a big company,
and everyone kowtows to you when you come around,
but when you're lost, you're a nobody.
You're just a lost person, that's all.
And unless and until someone or something gets you straightened around
so that you know you're not alone,
you just don't amount to very much.
You're not worth anything to yourself,
and you're not worth anything to anybody else.
Tonight's podcasting is powered by the Northern Venus.
Tonight's podcasting is powered by the Northern Venus.
Tonight's podcasting is powered by the Northern Venus.
And and.
Britain, there is none righteous, no not one.
There is none that understandeth, there is none that seeketh after God.
They are all gone out of the way, they are together become unprofitable.
There is none that doeth good, no not one.
Verse 14, whose mouth is full of cursing and bitterness, their feet are swift to shed blood.
Destruction and misery are in their way, and the way of peace have they not known.
There is no fear of God before their eyes.
These verses, whether we admit it or not, are a description of all of us before we came
to the knowledge of God.
The word of the Lord Jesus Christ, and these are for all of us.
And when Paul wrote here to the Colossians, he was saying to them, that's your past.
He said in verse 21, and you that were sometime alienated and enemies in your mind by wicked
works, yet now have be reconciled and we were all alienated in our minds by wicked works.
That's our past.
That was their past.
And that's our past tonight.
That's the past.
But the second thing.
The second thing we see is the present.
We must endeavor to permeate every facet of American society.
It got crowded in the closet so we're finally coming out.
We're finally coming out.


We're thumping on our Bibles and building up our clout.
We're all the Lord's lieutenants and there's nothing we can't do to prove it.
We're now making our political debut.
Oh, we're the moral majority.
We're holier than thou.
By God we're here to tell you what we will and won't allow.
We're out to purge the nation of its humanistic bent.
A separate church and state.
We're out to purge the nation of its humanistic bent.
We've simply given up for less.
Don't get us wrong.
We still believe that prayers will save our souls.
But when we want them answered, we'll say them apropos.
And talk about successes.
We're as pleased as we can be.
We've sent Jimmy back to Georgia.
We've moved Bonzo to D.C.
We socked it to McGovern and to Culver Church and Pye.
We'll stack them up like cordwood.
Cause God wants to see us.









God's life is on our side.
And that was just a preview of 1982.
What we've got planned sure to put the fear of God in you.
Cause we're the moral majority.
You'd better mend your ways.
When we get done with liberals we're going after gays.
And once they see the light, we'll have to concentrate on Jews.
But what with all these commies?
It'll be so hard to choose.
And maybe you don't get it.





I want to talk to you about heaven.
You know, some of us are going to get there, and some of us are going to get there rich.
But no one's going anywhere on a skimpy budget.
You are my sheep, and as your shepherd, I want to please increase your odds for salvation.
As the good book says in Philodendron 713, you ain't going to get nothing for nothing.
It takes money to run this church, the TV programs, and my Cadillac.
You have any idea what just one of these little pinky rings cost me?
We never seem to get good press. It's always filthy lies.
Why, you can call my wife right now. I never proselytize.
And if we burn a book or two, it's because they're so obscene.
And heading up our list right now is Penthouse Magazine.
Because we're the moral majority.
We're launching our attack.
We'll ride the train to glory, because we've got the inside track.
We've got the goods on ERA, so two has got to go.
There never was the slightest doubt the Bible tells us so.
I don't care if it rains or rains.
Just keep looking in your windows, looking under your bed.
You're searching in your closet, so the wire's up to your head.
You're checking out your urine, you're checking it twice.
So there ain't no doubt.
We'll see you next time.
We'll see you next time.
We'll see you next time.
We'll see you next time.
We'll see you next time.
We'll see you next time.
We'll see you next time.
We'll see you next time.
We'll see you next time.
We'll see you next time.
We'll see you next time.
We'll see you next time.
We'll see you next time.
We'll see you next time.
We'll see you next time.
We'll see you next time.
of the greenhouse effect.
I don't think any of us looks forward
to people being executed.
I wish there never had to be one.
Remember Ballad of the Green Berets?
This is by Pink Bob.
Pink Bob, he calls himself.
Finding soldiers from the sky
Fearless men who jump and die
Men who mean just what they say
The brave men of the Green Beret
Silver wings upon their chests
These are men, America's best
One hundred men we'll test today
But only three win the Green Beret
Trained to live off nature's land
Trained in combat
Hand to hand
Men who fight
By night and day
Courage beat
From the Green Beret
Silver wings upon their chests
These are men, America's best
One hundred men we'll test today
But only three win the Green Beret
Back at home, a young white place
Her Green Beret has met his fate
He has died for those oppressed
Leaving her this last request
He has died for those oppressed



He's dead for those oppressed
But Silver Wings on my son's chest
But Silver Wings on my son's chest
Make him one of America's best
Make him one of America's best
Make him one of America's best
He'll be a man
He'll pass one day
And he'll win the Green Beret
And he'll win the Green Beret
Cha-cha-cha
Cha-cha-cha
Cha-cha-cha
Cha-cha-cha
Would you like to be drafted?
I wouldn't mind. I plan on serving in the service anyway.
Well, you could probably handle a rifle or carry one of those automatic rifles very well.
How much do you weigh?
About 125.
You'll gain a little weight and probably make a fine soldier.
Actually, there's nothing wrong with women serving in the armed forces.
The women of many nations have fought alongside their men.
Nigeria, for example.
Well, I don't know.
I think that even if you're not big enough to carry a rifle and fight,
you could serve in desk jobs.
It takes up the men's time that they could be fighting.
Did you help celebrate the women's lib movement here in Dallas recently?
No, sir, I didn't, because the women that want to be liberated don't want to be drafted.
Well, I've seen a few of these women who want to be liberated,
and I guarantee you that they have their problems there.
It will take a national movement for a man to get close to them.
I may say that.
It's going to take something.
Really?
It is.
All right.
Thank you very much, sweetheart.
Yes, sir.
Bye.
Have you seen my girlfriend?
She lives in a pig pen.
Have you seen my girlfriend?
I can't seem to find her.
Perhaps she is hiding underneath a plate of grass.
Let's take a look at her.
Let's take a look at her.
Let's take a look at her.
Let's take a look at her.
Let's take a look at her.




His wife was a spent piece of used jet trash.
She made good Bloody Marys, kept her mouth shut most of the time.
A little chihuahua named Carlos that had some kind of skin disease
and was totally blind.
They had a thoroughly modern kitchen,
self-cleaning oven the whole bit.
Frank drove a little sedan.
They were so happy.
We've encountered so much hassle from the police.
Attention, Earth people.
You had better give.
is.
Beware, Earth people.
Beware.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Tonight's episode of the Hour
of Slack is underwritten by
the Weeping Cyclops
Insignia Company.
Pilgrim, the Weeping Cyclops
Insignia Company.
Find purveyors of Dobbs-approved
church wear, including T-shirts,
shirts, buttons, and custom-made
Dobbs golf shirts.
That's the Weeping Cyclops
Insignia Company, serving the
public since God knows when
at P.O. Box
Dallas, Texas
5148.
Thanks, Weeping
Cyclops Insignia Company
for supporting KNON
and the Hour of Slack.
Weeping Cyclops Insignia Company
is underwritten by the Weeping Cyclops



LIKE A SURE
IT'S

DEFERENT
REZ
YOU
Music
is
on

de infrared
speakers tonight so
I had to.
I never forget.
Better than me.
Yesterday, a blind cat's assaulting a blind electrical engineer who was arrested on a
four-counted attempted murder and illegal possession of a gun.
Take a letter.
Take a letter.
Take a letter.
Take a letter.

Take a letter.
Take a letter.
Take a letter.
Take a letter.
Take a letter.
Take a letter.


Hi.
Take a round.
Take a round.
Take a round.
Take a round.
Take it home, boys.
Oh, yes, dear friends, this is Reverend Don Truby you're listening to off his post-hip
Gnosis album.
And while I'm at it, I ought to, well, no, I'll get to that later.
This song won't last long enough for me to get to it now.
So we'll just go straight to the guest testimonial here, testimonial from a dear friend.
Around this time, a kindly reverend came along.
He asked me if I knew Bob as my personal savior.
Of course, I recoiled at such a thing.
Oh, no, I said, I gave at the office.
Well, he patiently told me he knew of my inner turmoil.
He gave me a phone number, just a phone number.
Counselors will be available day and night, he told me.
I prepared to toss it away.
After all, I could make it on my own.
I didn't need Bob.
But having the number begin to pull at me,
I, one lonely night, went over to the computer and with shaky fingers,
dialed the number of Bulldada BBS.
Somehow, I made it to the subgenius files.
Reading through them, I knew I had arrived home.
They were talking about me.
I just had to join.
I knelt down and said in a loud cry,
Oh, Bob, I know now!
A heavenly sound tinkled in my ears.
The sound of being logged in.
I moved off for no more time.
Since then, the going has been rough.
All my friends look at me with the evil eye.
Look as they quickly cover themselves with wolfbane to arm themselves against me.
And horror of horrors, I have lost my access to that wonderful Christian BBS, The Ark.
But I am happy in the knowledge of I now know it all.
And Bob is responsible.
Bob is so neat, because I tell him,
what his will is, and he lets me do it.
And if I want something, I just put in an order with him.
Oh, thank you, dear Reverend Frank.
Now friends, I gotta talk to you.
This is the swinging love corpses running in the background here.
And I need to, I need to...
Bray, this is a project I'm working on, personally.
But I need help. I need the help from y'all.
And that's help with drugs, dear friends. I need help with drugs.
Drugs are of interest to some of our Slack listeners, I think, for four different kinds of reasons.
I hope this next music coming up here is okay.
One reason is, of course, a lot of subgeniuses just plain like to get high,
and those are the hedonites, you know, the hedonistic type subgeniuses.
The second group are people with a sincere interest in altered states,
the kind of misto-scientific interest.
The third group is people who probably almost got killed,
or at any rate got in terrible trouble with drugs and want to prevent it happening to others.
And, of course, the fourth kind is the people who hate all drugs without really knowing what's going on.
Now, I want to put together a book. I just finished my second book, so this is for real.
I want to put together a book of collected bad trip anecdotes, dear friend.
In your own words, or your friend's own words.
I guess the only logical name for a book like this would be Bummer.
But it'd be a collection of bummer tales, folks.
And I want you to start sending those in.
I'm going to mention this every now and then on the Hour of Slack.
Because it's a socially redeemable sort of cause.
In other words, for the youth of America,
who are...
might be considering a heavy psychedelic dose,
this is the kind of thing that just might make them go,
maybe I'll wait.
Maybe I'll wait until I'm about 50 or so.
And for those for whom it's just too late to be helped,
boy, it would be a barrel of laughs.
So, do send those in, too.
And I'm going to read this box number again at the end of the broadcast.
This is also where to write for information about any of the stuff we're playing.
And that's right to Bob.
Either Will or I'll probably actually open the envelope.
But you never know.
You never know.
That's Bob at P.O. Box...
181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Once again, that's P.O. Box...
181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
And friends, even though this show you're listening to,
is from 1986, that deal is still on.
The reason I'm running an ancient rerun is because we're working on our fifth book,
The Bobliographon, a subgenius cyclopedia of slack.
And it's kind of a tight deadline.
Anyway, after that, why not?
We got a lot of great stuff for the original Bummers project,
which then never flew,
although I did give some of the material to Paul Krasnick,
listener for his book about similar things.
And friends, so yes,
you can check out our current modern day information at www.subgenius.com
or email stang at subgenius.com.
Thank you.
Thank you.
body aches
Bumper
That's the Bumper.
Bumper
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
We're going to nail these guys, let me tell you.
I think so.
We've got enough lawyers.
We've got enough money.
We've got time.
We've got press releases, I think.
That's right.
We have the sponsors.
The listeners are going to sponsor this.
Yes, we've got to keep the sponsors happy, PM.
Now, I've got a great new program in mind.
If you can just sit down in the conference room and we'll review it.
Okay, well, show it to us.
Plug it into the VCR here.
Yes, let's put it on the stand and see who testifies.
What to do if you are confronted with excessive show.
Okay, we can spin off.
We can have a spin off.
There's a lift.
I'm not sure having a computer-generated Robbins there is a two-derivative.
Good afternoon, sir.
I am a Hound 1000 computer.
I'm Chris.
I'm Chris.
One of the ICOs in those jobs for the design captain research teams is
my email address, Taylaieza.com.


Well, one.
They've always been kind to me and V féčo.
The give and take ties to us and say that we need to be kind
to these guys at V féčo.
We're very friends.
I'm noticed that about my name and somebody he's learned hence the
on raft business, and I wanted to get a job, because I'm the V féčo,
and I just want another job, because I want to be kind to them and


UnitedN exchanges.markshepp більen MurderретterBilly фотограф Konrad Uw gekeliya.com.
Part one.
Hello, this is Dr. Chris, and your turn to...
...cephalodically speaking, where I will try to educate the public on everything you've always wanted to know about prairie squids, but were afraid to ask.
Most people today, whether they are single, married, divorced, monogamous, gregarious, or even downright slutty, are unaware of the importance of the nearly instinct prairie squid.
This widespread ignorance is the cause of much dissatisfaction with regards to our slippery habits.
So, first you should know that the prairie squid is an intelligent, albeit wild, crazy, and unpredictable mollusk, possessed of a long, tubular body, two cardal fins, many suckers on its myriad tentacles, and highly developed eyes.
Or should I say eyes?
When the prairie squid is excited...
...such as in the instance of being engaged in the act of social intercourse, they emit a copious amount of black ink.
It is this ink that is used to enhance the sensations inherent in what the teenagers of today anachronistically call squidding.
It is sad to note that our friend, the prairie squid, is no longer an integral part of our modern relationships.
They have been shunned by the puritanical segment of society.
...and by the social media.
And have been herded into these so-called prairie squid reservations.
It is on these reservations that the prairie squid is harassed, abused, and what have you, by the neo-Nazi groups who even go so far as to lynch these creatures.
They become self-pitying, fourth-class citizen mollusks, suffering from such psychological problems as alcoholism, drug abuse, gambling, depression, and most tragically, suicide.
There is a hopeful future for the prairie squids, thanks to the efforts of the subgenius foundation.
They are establishing Save Our Prairie Squid centers all across the U.S. to combat the malicious neglect and prejudice against the prairie squid.
Food, shelter, and recreation programs utilizing purient, underground adult comic books are just the beginning for our struggle to reinstate the prairie squids...
...to the rightful home of the prairie squid.
And to the rightful place in the master bedrooms of the world.
But this requires money.
And the subgenius foundation's funds for the SOPS programs are dwindling to dangerous levels.
So please, would you find it in your heart to give to the Save Our Prairie Squid program?
For more information, write to the subgenius foundation at P.O. Box...
...181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 4410.
Or call 1-888-118 at www.subgenius.com.
And always remember, use condiments and good squidding.
Subtitles by Subtitle Workshop

Subtitles by Subtitle Workshop
Subtitles by Subtitle Workshop
Hey, she'll be from the third book of Gaddis.
Subtitles by Subtitle Workshop
Subtitles by Subtitle Workshop
Subtitles by Subtitle Workshop
Subtitles by Subtitle Workshop
Subtitles by Subtitle Workshop
Subtitle Workshop
a zircon from Mount Naria in Australia that's 4 billion years old. Show them these fossilized
skeletons of proconsul Africanus from 18 million years ago that just turned up in Lake Victoria
and may really be the missing link, and they just say, fine, fine, just fine. Well, if
this creator could produce the heavens and the earth and the whole shebang in just six
days, well, he'd certainly be able to produce a really interesting history to go along with
it, now wouldn't he? They'll point to a billion-year-old pre-Cambrian rocks on top of Cretaceous shale
to disprove geological sequence and lump the whole thing into the flood, and God destroyed
the earth's inhabitants with water because of man's wickedness, and Noah only remained
alive and they that were with him in the ark. And the whole geological record goes down
into 40 days of rain. They go on and on about how we've been brainwashed by evolution theory,
but we can't produce the missing link. And then they jump on the Piltdown fraud and the
Nebraska man that turned out to be a pig stew. So the missing link is a fraud.
Evolution is all a fraud. Geology, astronomy, physics, all of it's a fraud. But there's
nothing in there about the fossil fragments of the Samburu hills where the stratus is
15 million years old. Nothing about those fossil bones and three million years of volcanic
ash up in the Afar triangle. Nothing about all those hominid fossils at that site in
the Gregory Rift. No, they wanted the missing link produced right now. And you know, the
whole time it was standing up there in front of them, braying about the powers of the universe,
the darkness. It's not my word is like into the fire, says the Lord, and like a hammer
that breaketh the rock. Well, yes, stupidity is like that. You put a hammer in its hand
and everything looks like a nail. It's the same thing you're up to out there on the television
channels. That video freak show telling the ignorant that this full gospel witnessing
is the only weapon we've got against the spread of Marxism, even under darkest Africa, fighting
those forces of evil that want to stop their glorious mission of spreading stupidity from
one end of the dark continent to the other. And I'm not talking about ignorance, friends.
I'm talking about stupidity. If you want ignorance, you can find it right there at that site on
Lake Rudolph, right up there in the Gregory Rift. Hominid fossils, stone tools, hippo
bones, all of it caught in a volcanic burst two or three million years ago. That was ignorance.
But that was also the dawn of intelligence. And what we have here and now is its eclipse.
Stupidity is the deliberate cultivation of ignorance. That's what we've got here. These
smug, born-again idiots with their pious smiles, they just can't stand the idea that
they're descended from that gang at Lake Rudolph banging around with their stone hammers trying
to learn something. No, no, they think God put them here in their cheap suits and their
bad neckties in his own image. Did you know that almost half the damn people in this country
believe that man was created about eight or 10,000 years ago, pretty much like he is today?
That's right. They believe that. All of this despite the fossil record going back billions
of years. And of course, the record is full of gaps, full of arguments as to how evolution
really happened. And so they use those to say that it never did happen. We have the
questions and they have all the answers. They dress up Genesis and call it science. They
go back from Malachi counting up all those begats and begats and begats, and the creation
took place on October 26, 4004 B.C. at 9 a.m. bingo. Now that's what they call the scientific
myth. Did anybody see it? No.
It's revealed. Yes, friends, it's revealed right here in the first couple of pages of
Genesis. It's what you call revealed wisdom. We talk about having business with the Bible.
Walk down any street and smack over Georgia, somebody you've never seen in your life comes
right up and asks you if you've been saved. It's any of his damn business. But he thinks
it is. The prevailing IQ in this country is about 100 or slightly lower. Great dogs talk
about Africa, the dark continent. This is the dark continent. And I'll tell you something.
This revelation, revelation is the last refuge ignorance finds for reason. Revealed truth
is the one weapon stupidity's got against intelligence. And that's what the whole damn
thing is all about. Look at that judge down in Georgia who said that until textbooks were
changed to the Christian ethic, there was no possibility that crime, violence, venereal
disease, and abortion rates would decrease. And what about those charming literary hit
squads right here in Texas?
Vigilant, in the world of the American

Money wins.




The practitioners don't care about what you understand in our minds. You don't have to
ask questions in front of a
man just like me.
Nothing do, weakness, arrogance.


Fake.

There's much ice in this town, a cloth, believe it. But the money can't keep you
states of the union where school boards cannot buy textbooks that have not been selected by the
state committee well you think texas want one that talks about land distribution in central america
or any place else you talk about censorship and they'll howl like stuck pigs no no no they don't
censor they let the publisher do it for them 60 70 million dollars a year that's what texas spends
on school books and with that kind of money the addition is so big it waits on anything else
oh dear friends that was uh the amazing and startling g gordon gordon uh you know i'm not
sure when that thing ends that rant for all i know could go on for days if this cassette was uh
yeah it's a 24-hour cassette sure enough i bet it does oh once again you can write for that
information from p.o box
what
you
no he wasn't drunk uh he was it was just his way yeah
you ordered your specials what's wrong this will mean the
extinction of all existing life forms you haven't even tasted it yet what do you ask you know
how silly is like a psychic boomerang i can't believe this planet fried eggs
what happened how the hell did you do that my powers are growing watch out it is time now what's that
it is the code key it will activate the laser spectroscope when i use it tonight to bring down the other dark overlords the others now he's got a whole gang well screw him then he thought to himself our timing will be perfect the eggs will hatch at the exact moment we land no one in the shining world suspects what is about to happen not even doggone the rest will be history
ah
oh
it's a horrible thing this show
yeah
if ignorant isn't bliss i don't know what it is
well maybe it's not bliss
it's easy
all over you will be awake soon okay
what we'd like to do now of course is remember the uh which uh a lot of people would miss
i'm not going to do that
and uh their bus plus bridge and into the island now i can comprehend now i genuinely understand
but what's that button before wise one lost at this particular time that's what it really happens as we learned how to do that some years ago and now look at us we are here successfully on the air youtube caller can have this show if you want just come on down and don't play stuff like that you better listen up general public because
if you obey society's rules you will be society's rules


you will be
then disobey
you disobey
but then you'll obey
it's kind of a relative thing and so we got to expand
sooner or later the church of the subgenius will be able to have food outreaches and
you know deliver pieces of bob's body to all those starving people out there
first i'll have to praise bob first
um reverend standing with us i could slack letzte działia and the third world
over in let's see some girls emerging african nations are over in southeast asia
mind particularly around i will be and they also in china
then most of weeks old car corn
people
you know what's like crossing something is it's you know it's

It's something you're born with, friends.
All of you, all of you were born with original slack.
But the conspiracy comes and takes it away.
And in the third world, the conspiracy is stronger, but slack is also stronger.
So when Bob gets into the third world, which is happening now,
of course, in China he's called Bong, and in Africa he looks different.
But it's still the same. It's the same Bob.
The same Bob, friends, because Bob does not change.
He's ever changing, but it's the same Bob.
Praise Bob.
There you go. Get along, little Bobbies.
Praise Bob.
We're coming nearer to the harvest, dear friends.
If you would like to call here at the radio station,
once again, you can talk to the Reverend Ivan Stang
or the Reverend D.K. Jones or Sister Cress,
the high priestess of slack here at 201-266-79.
What a lie.
What a lie.
And we should mention...
Yeah, we should mention that that's actually not the...
That wasn't even the station you were listening to.
And that wasn't the right phone number, neither.
And it doesn't matter because this is Screaming Jay Hawkins.
Ladies and gentlemen, most people record songs about love,
heartbreak, loneliness, being broke.
Nobody's actually went out and recorded a song about real life.
Ain't no pain.
The band and I have just returned from the general hospital
where we caught a man in the right position.
We named this song Constipation Blues.
Constipation Blues

Constipation Blues
Constipation Blues
Constipation Blues






Constipation Blues
Constipation Blues
Constipation Blues
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Let it go.
This pain I'm in.
Just won't let me be satisfied.
Let it go.
Let it go.
Let it go.
Splash!
Splash!
I feel all right.
Yes, I begin to feel all right now.
Splash!
Yeah.
Yeah, I tell you.
Everything's gonna be all right.
Splash!
Splash!
Splash!


Splash!
Splash!
Splash!
Splash up and

Splash!
Splash!

Splash!
Splash!
Splash!
Splash!
Splash!
Splash!
Splash!
Splash!
Splash!
Splash!
Splash!

















Splash!




Spank!
so nato is
uh... that and uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh...
uh... it's not
the self genius
power of
SWAT
uh...
from PR news in Washington
I'm churning with top winds near 15 miles per hour
it was a disappointing week for Wyoming
western politicians has an abysmal human rights record
this is PR
the US military says that the country would save nearly 50 billion inmates
over 20 years
uh... flies
uh... plan
uh... go
uh... wear
residents in the Florida panhandle are making preparations in the event they have to endure yet another PR news
I'm uh... I'm the G
uh... so I say uh... uh... and uh... go
uh... but uh... by the IRS for the IRS for the IRS
um... I would uh... um... the IRS
um... um...
