THE SURPRISE!
trashtalk noises
pergunta
Have.
Suppose it's true after all.
If so, all you vindictive, moralistic pseudo-Christians who make Jesus look so petty.
All you right-wing ideologues who lie, cheat, and steal in the name of the Lord to grab people's hearts, minds, and money.
All you self-righteous moralists who think that you know what God Almighty wants us to see, hear, think, and do.
Are in big trouble.
Oh no, no, please God help me.
Don't let your mind go to hell.
Save it and listen to the Self Genius Hour of Slack.
I've seen the final frontier.
I've seen the final frontier.
The answer lies in the acid.
Another pop sham.
For that little amount that you can donate dollars.
Donate dollars.
Donate dollars.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Five dollars.
Five dollars.
Ten dollars.
Five dollars.
Cool.
Did he get it?
Did we rule the world?
Give it.
Good.
So, uh, please.
Bob.
I'm doing it here.
I'm after you now.
Poor Bob.
I almost felt sorry for him.

Come together!
Right here, little cartoon girl.

So, the face of sabeau.
Ok.
This is tantamount to it.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Hi, and welcome back to the Hour of Slack.
This is a special, special broadcast tonight.
I have a lot of feeling in my heart because this is our five-year anniversary.
Five years, dear friends.
This show, Hour of Slack number 257,
marks the fifth year of the word of Bob reaching out across the airwaves,
reaching out for those subgeniuses and those slackless ones
who need the slack that Bob can give.
So we've tried to put together a special show,
one that will bless your heart.
And bring you closer to the dogma and the doctrine of Bob's church,
the church of the subgenius.
I hope it'll help you to understand Bob better,
to understand your fellow members and yourself.
Praise Bob.
Oh, wow!
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
She kept saying over and over and over again,
it's wonderful, wonderful.
And she said as fast as she could,
wonderful, this is wonderful, this is wonderful.
Everything that happens to you,
every second of every minute of every hour of every day,
remember silently to name it,
wonderful, this is wonderful.
And whatever you name, anything in your life,
you want it to come,
for you.
Are we ready for our time travel
experiment? Then
set the chronons for
Nexus 3.
Okay, the code is I love pretty words.
I love pretty
words. I love pretty words.
I love pretty words.
I love pretty words.
Now, as you can see, off in the distance,
leaving space for...
And so history
was made, or rather unmade,
as they went back in time.
Past the fighting
Minuteman, past
the Armored Knight,
past the Roman warrior
of its prehistoric
cycle.
But we overshot our mark
and we went zillions of years into the
past, into the area of nothingness
and chaos that existed
before the universe.
The primordial vacuum
cleaner.
The dust
balls of space.
Millions
of miles across.
Gigantic hairballs
and lint
fill the cosmos.
derp
Eggman
Alcomel

Master

Suburp
800
UFO
Earth

On
the
Earth
Omega Funkin' Out!
Get down the Bob!
Hiss!
Get down the Bob!
Hogley-holey!
Lord God of Hosts!
Hosanna in the heights!
In your super van!
Praise the hub!
Good God!
Having a nice!
To the popcorn!
Lord of Mice!
God of Mice!
Lord of Mice!
Lord of Mice!
God of Mice!
Praise the Mice!
God of Mice!
Praise the Mice!
Praise the Mice!
Praise the Dad!
Praise the Prisoner!
Praise!
He gone come back!
One more time!
I ain't waitin'!
To get under my roof!
So give it up!
I turn it loose!
Like my God!
Who take away the sins of the wild!
Have mercy!
Like my God!
Who take away the sins of the wild!
He's super van!
Good God!

Uh!
He's super van!
Super! Super super van!
I'm a hot design!
So have a little faith in me!
And I'll protect all my sins!
Oh baby!
Me not yet!
Huh!
You too funky down there!
Uh!
Ha!
Love it with you!
With you too!
Love it with you!
With you too!
Make God bless you!
Bless you too!
Make God bless you!
Bless you too!
Please!
Get slapped!
Oh get slapped!
Please!
God the Holy God!
Praise Bob!
Good God!
Good God!
Master's ended!
Go in peace!
Bob!
What about Bob?
Shut up human!
He with Bob Dobbs takes my cash from me!
Lost my job!
And lost my wife!
Some genius church wants to take my life!
The catch word revision!
Fills my day!
And still Bob Dobbs demands his pay!
Down in my water I keep my gold!
The guy's being bound!
Bob Dobbs is after my soul!
A smiling creep!
The Dallas hack!
He claims to deliver me eternal slack!
Eternal slack!
Eternal slack!
Eternal slack!

Eternal slack!
He's got a little snack for the hollies in the car!
A big tiddle up in the downtown bar!
It's time for a big hit!
It's time for a big hit!
Bob Dobbs!
I don't even know what sakes they are!
And I'll sedd my money!
Across the sea!
To the yankers!
And they'll call the lady a drudger!
And I'll become who I want!
And all I know!
Is how happy they are!
When Bob Dobbs takes my cash from me!
When Bob Dobbs takes my cash from me!
I said!
Isn't it wonderful dear friends, what that man-bot can do for you?
Ah yes, this is one of those good old times subgenius gospel shows.
I'm sure just brimming over with the spirit.
I don't even care if you are, that's how in the spirit I am.
I don't even care.
But we do it because of love dear friends.
Oh praise Bobby.
Hi, thanks for calling the voice line.
You know with this country on the verge of war, it's getting pretty hard to take my line of work, doing voices for radio commercials, all that seriously.
In fact, it's getting so that more and more, every time I'm in the studio for a session, I feel just a little bit more hypocritical and guilty.
It's like I'm part of this massive conspiracy to lure unsuspecting people into spending their time.

Sending all their money on image enhancing products that in reality they little need, nor ill can afford.
The strange thing is, the more guilty I feel about this situation, the better my work is.
My delivery has improved tenfold since the Iraqi crisis.
I work four or five times a week.
I've even upped my rates.
Just think what would happen in the event of an all out war.
Thinking about it almost makes it worse.
It's worth thinking about.
But as good as I get at my work, I'll still be only a mouthpiece.
A conduit for someone else's concepts.
A faceless spokesman for companies who want you to believe their advertising campaigns only a little bit more than they want to believe in them themselves.
Now what do you think?
Am I cutting my own throat here?
Biting the hands that feed me by verbalizing these thoughts on a demo line?
An audio billboard for the company?
A commodity that I have become?
I don't know.
I can't answer that.
But I do know this.
This country has a long and proud tradition of lying to its own people to serve its own best interests.
And advertising is only one small part of that conspiracy.
Regardless of what I may have told you over the radio, nothing you can buy will make you a better person.
A happier person.
A more spiritually connected person.
Can provide you with the things in life that are truly important to the soul.
There are things that can never be turned into commodities and marketed.
And these things must be searched for within each of us individually.
Our future as a country is built upon lies and deception.
And if you don't think that you're only three paychecks away from that disgusting bum you just passed on the street,
then you too are part of that deception.
No matter how much money you have, the sad fact remains that regardless of what color Porsche or BMW or Lamborghini you have,
you will never be one of George Bush's rich friends.
George Bush does not want you to be his friend.
George Bush does not care enough about you to even dislike you.
You cannot afford to buy your way into his hands.
You cannot afford to buy your way into his country club.
It does not matter if you're a slave in the fields, or a slave in the office, or a slave in the big house on the hill.
You're still a slave, and at best, a middle management slave, prodding and whipping and abusing those beneath you in a desperate fervor,
praying that you will suddenly find yourself a part of that inner circle.
Believe me.
You will be dead long before you get close to that inner circle.
And you will be replaced the very next day by yet another well-groomed, well-oiled, eager, well-meaning, brown-nosing slave.
This year's model.
Recently, we observed the imploding of communism in Eastern Europe.
Now what do you think brought all that about?
Was it because the communist system was flawed and doomed to collapse from its very inception?
No.
I don't think so.
I think it was because of the ineffective, greedy, myopic, and insensitive bureaucrats who were charged with the responsibility of keeping the machine running.
Interesting parallel, don't you think?
They're not all that different from the ineffective, greedy, myopic, and insensitive bureaucrats charged with the responsibility of keeping our machine running.
But rather than choose to evict them, as was the case in Russia,
all too often, we choose to emulate them.
To ape their postures, their uniforms, their speech patterns and phraseology.
But remember what I said.
George Bush and his rich friends do not need you in their country club.
Stop acting like you're next on the docket, because you aren't.
Stop acting like everything is alright, because it isn't.
Nothing is alright.
And if you can look around you at the state of this country and not secretly admit to yourself that our system is just as vulnerable as theirs,
and that their dominoes just happen to fall first,
then either you're truly one of George Bush's rich friends, or else you're truly ignorant.
And all I know is that George Bush's rich friends
probably would not be calling this number to hear my demo line.
It's the top 3% who really call the shots in this corporate fiefdom we lovingly sing to in all of those patriotic songs.
If you're fortunate enough to be working right now,
remember, you're working at least three of those days to pay off your accrued interest charges
and to help fund a government that can't even help you feel safe as you stand in line
to cash what's left of your paycheck.
That 3% at the top, the real inner circle, is bleeding you dry.
It's bleeding this country dry, not to mention what's left of this planet.
And as we trip over each other in our rush to emulate our leaders,
we wallow like pigs in the waste of our abundance, oblivious to our inevitable slaughter.
And why do we continue to do this?
Why do we continue to remain on this treadmill to oblivion?
Why can't we learn from our collective histories?
And how can I give so freely of my talents and my art to the continued perpetration of this hoax?
I don't know. I can't answer that.
Freedom without a doubt.

Without structure is anarchy.
Structure without freedom is fascism.
What are you? An anarchist or a fascist?
You cannot afford the initiation fee to George Bush's country club.
Remember, capitalism is not democracy.
Convenience is not freedom.
And the government is not your friend.
Thank you for calling The Voice Line.
Yeah, that was Joe Paulino, dear friends. Reverend Joe Paulino.
Isn't this a funny show?
We don't know where it came from. We can't imagine where it's going.
Bob. Bob Bob. Bob Bob. Bob Bob. Bob Bob. Bob Bob. Bob Bob.
Yeah, so that's why we're on the air.
That's right, we've got to be on the air because within about seven or eight, well I'd say maybe ten years,
most of the human race is going to be dead anyway of AIDS because it's geometrically increasing.
Look, we sincerely hope that once you see what the gods have in store for you by the way of retribution,
tribulation, plague, punishment, and flight, you'll realize just how badly you need powerful friends and benign protectors like us.
You may scoff and ridicule this show right now, but the day will come when the stockpiled calamities will all be unleashed on you.
Hey, this is prophecy. Stand by.
Miniature big feet that run around slashing your ankles with poison razor blades, the frozen nitric acid hail,
volcanoes that belch nerve gas, and hallucinogenic dust clouds.
No one does.
The world will engulf millions at a time.
Rogue planets will pull into new solar orbits and disrupt the rotation of the earth.
Some days will be a week long, others no more than a few hours.
Things will fall off.
Great skyscrapers filled with horrified screaming people will wrench themselves from their foundations and fly skyward past the atmosphere and out into space.
Shopping malls will sink into the ground and never be seen again.
Thousands of comets will burn the moon until it shatters and covers the ground with carcinogenic, dreadful-smelling grit.
Nothing will matter anymore.
It's okay now.
We're all suffering here.
I just want to make a couple of points.
Don't suffer for this.
Hey, look, we've got audio of immune deficiency syndrome here.
Yeah, we'll just clean off the microphone and start all over again here.
There's a possibility that there are numerous bacteriological and viral strains that are being tried on the human race,
by the Mother Earth nature complex.
The human race?
See, you're talking about things that don't really seem to matter, I think.
These are minor matters in the scope of things.
I mean, Dobbs' prophecies laid out what's going to happen in health, industrial, bad things like that.
See, we've got the cases here.
And when you talk about this many people having the disease,
or that many people working in the geological spectrums that are needed to push technology...
Actually, a critical point will be reached sometime around 1988 or so,
when all the available...
Yes, all the available soldiers will be fighting for dogs.
...mainstream population AIDS patients will have been exhausted if the train...
Yeah, but by that date, every single subgenius will have his own radio show, including you.
And, I mean, so we'll all be broadcasting this news at that time, and understanding it...
Okay, what year is the mutant revolution headed off
when Charles Manson discovers the secret Death Valley entrance to Hollow Earth,
and leads all the exiled misfit Nazi hell creatures against the mutant strongholds?
Here they come now.
Ye have heard that it was said by them of old, Thou shalt not kill,
and whosoever shall kill shall be in danger of the judgment.
But I say unto you, that whosoever is angry with him,
his brother without cause shall be in danger of the judgment.
Ye have heard that it hath been said from eye for eye,
and to a virtue,
that I say unto you, that he resists not evil,
but whosoever shall spite thee on thy right cheek,
turn to him the other also.
Ye have heard that it hath been said,
thou shalt love thy neighbor, and hate thine enemies.
But I say unto you, love your enemies less than you pursue.
Do good to them that hate you,
and pray for them which despitefully use you in pursuit.
Well, of course, this is absolute biology.
This is biologic suicide.
Suicide's nothing but madness.
No, it's just ridiculous.
Love your enemy.
It isn't easy to love an enemy.
As this goes against your most basic survival instinct.
But it can be done and turned to an advantage.
Let the love squirt out of you like a fire hose,
a molasses.
Give him the kiss of life.
Stick your tongue down his throat.
Taste what he's been eating and bless his digestion.
Booze down into his intestines and help him along with his food.
Life in all its rich variety.
Do not falter.
Let your love enter in unto him and penetrate him with a divine lubricant.
Makes KY Leland feel like sandpaper.
It's the most mucilaginous, the slimiest,
ooziest lubricant there ever was or shall be.
Amen.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.

Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.

Bob.




















Be right enough
It's half as bad as sticking a needle into your vein
You see, you don't get a click of glasses
And you don't make a touch
All you do, you suck on a little reaper
You dump in a smoke
And pass it on to the next person
The buzz comes real fast
And there's no handle
You just light it up like you do a test of feel
You inhale a sweet smell of smoke
You exhale it out of your mouth
That's all there is to it
You see, like an atomic bomb
That's all there is to it
There's a warning step when you ever dreamed
What was up is now
The priority's all screwing
You're going to be a fool

You're running if your hair looks okay
While some new kind of bladder cancer
Is bursting out the front of your desire
Yes, this is bad talk
Nobody will listen to anything else
You won't look at TV unless body parts
Or cars or chicklings are crashing on it
You won't taste your food
Unless it has some nerve drug in it
You haven't used your head or sense
And said you were fine
And you sure as hell won't stop
Once you know it until someone
Much, very, much
Much, much
Much, much more selfishly
Makes you stop
And you'll thank him for it
And then just before you fry
In a flash of radioactive hindsight
You'll realize that he stopped you
From doing the wrong thing
Good God
What in the name of sweet screaming Jesus
Is this world coming to?
People bitch, people gripe
This is the sign of the end times
That's the sign of the end times
When you should all be hollering
It's all a sweet scream
It's all a sweet scream
When you should all be hollering

Millions are going to be going
And they're going to leave this earth
And they're going to leave their own law
Law of the law
Law of the law
Lost loved ones behind
They must say
Law of the law
Did you hear what he was saying?
Law of the law
Did you hear what he was saying?
Is it possible
That the end of the world will come in July 1999?
Law of the law
Law of the law
In the form of an atomic holocaust
Such a forewarning of ultimate doom
Could generally be dismissed out of hand
This is Philo Jones and I'm your host, Bill Nye.
and I'm grote
a
Way I send skip
there's going to be a are friend
at least
prime
ir
24

something new
theatrical
from long
time
that well or kill me for more thank you why friends feed another nation with our garbage
and who's going to do that the passion of this garbage is delicious what was that the church of
geniuses i don't know but how many of you are really genuinely intelligent bang
are you blaming god for atom bombs god for atom bombs atomic warheads look all over the country
every morning past blotted out yeah in the future sure yeah that's what i want
ah yes yes 30 years ago i warned you 20 years ago you listen in amazement today
as we take this one joke and keep blowing it up bigger and bigger and the only reason we're
we're pumping so much behind this one joke is that we want to see how big it gets before it explodes
bob bob bob bob
it was at this point that the hypnotist made the decision to take his subject over the hump
buses cars and trains and crafts wives and husbands and babies will disappear
of course your government and all governments they'll be you know trying to fish tail out of
it they'll give you all kinds of excuses you know they'll hide the reality and the ufos or
extraterrestrial invasion of astral projection or god only knows what but they will try to put it
under the rug but i'm warning you you've missed it it was bob all along dear friend
they tricked you didn't they they'll trick you every time they creep up on you
the little peeky winkies do and they'll get you so we're all gonna watch out aren't we
yeah
this is your prayer partner reverend ivan stang we're going to continue with uh well some of a
little bit of what we have been playing and a little bit of new what we have been playing
have been william burroughs and uh that's that's the old guy talking and uh the the kpfa uh subgenius
show but tapes
by puzzling
evidence dr howell gary broke fran mr uh exotic and uh in this case lies lies
apocalypse
apocalypse

the great god pan is dead
the great god pan is dead
pan got a panic the sudden awareness that everything is alive and significant
the date was december 25 1 a.d but pan lives on in the realm of imagination in writing and painting
and music look at van gogh's sunflowers rising and falling in the sky and the sun is rising and
rising with pretentious life listen to the pipes of pan into duca
now pan is neutralized framed in museums entombed in books relegated to folklore
but art is spilling out of its frames into subway graffiti will it stop there consider the fact that the
they will be
that would be a
one
altogether
ooon
you
Everything is permitted because nothing is true.
It is all make-believe, illusion, dream, art.
When art leaves the frame and the written word leaves the page,
not merely the physical frame and page, but the frames and pages of assigned categories.
A basic disruption of reality itself occurs.
The literal realization of art.
Success will write apocalypse across the sky.
The artist aims for a miracle.
The painter wills his pictures to move off the canvas with a separate light.
Movement out of the canvas.
The outside of the picture.
And one rent in the fabric is all it takes for pandemonium to sluice through.
Last act.
The end.
This is where we all came in.
The final apocalypse is when every man sees what he sees,
feels what he feels, hears what he hears.
The creatures of all your dreams and nightmares are right here, right now,
solid as they ever were or ever will be.
Electric vitality of careening subways.
Faster, faster, faster.
Stations flashed by in a blur.
Pan, god of panic, whips screaming crowds as millions of faces look up at the torn sky.
Off the track, off the track.
The planet is pulling loose from its moorings, careening into space.
Spilling cities and mountains and seas into the void.
Spinning faster and faster, days and nights flash by like subway stations.
Tunnels crunch down teeth of concrete and steel.
Flattening cars like beer cans.
Graffiti through glass and steel like acid races across the sky in tornadoes of flaming colors.
Cherry pickers with satin brushes pick as a door inch through Wall Street,
leaving a vast souvenir postcard of the Grand Canyon.
Water trucks slosh out paint.
Outlaw painters armed with paint pistols paint everything and everyone in reach.
Survival artists paint cans strapped to their backs, grenades at their belts.
Paint anything and anybody within range.
Scum of the world.

Sky riders dogfight, collide and explode.
Telephone poles dance electric jigs in swirling crackling wires.
Neon explosions and tornadoes splash through ruined cities.
Volcanoes spew molten colors as the earth's crust buckles and splinters into jigsaw pieces.
Household appliances revolt.
Washing machines snatch clothes from the guests.
Gallowing hoovers suck off makeup and wigs and false teeth.
Electric toothbrushes leap into screaming mouths.
The clothes dryers turn gardens into dust bowls.
Garden tools whiz through long parties impaling the guests.
Who are hacked to fertilizer by industrious Japanese hatchets.
Loathsome, misshapen, bulbous plants spring from their bones.
Covering golf courses, swimming pools, country clubs, and tasteful dwellings.
At my back, faster and faster, I always hear,
Hurry up!
Energy ground down into, please it's time closing.
Sidewalks and streets by billions of feet and tires erupt from manholes and tunnels.
Break out with volcanic force.
Let it come down careening subways.
Faster and faster, station blur by.
Pan whip screaming.
Screaming crowds with flame pipes.
Millions of faces look up at the torn sky.
Off the track, off the track.
Planet is pulling loose from its moorings, careening off into space.
Spilling cities and mountains and seas into the void.
Faster and faster.
Skyscrapers break rents of blue and white paint from the sky.
The rivers swirl with color.
Nitrous ochres and red leak through the bridges falling into the rivers.
Splashing colors across warehouses and piers and roads and buildings.
Amok art floods in organic mold.
Stirring passions of metal and glass.
Steel girders rising in metal,
Aspersed from their concrete covers.
Walls of glass melt and burn with madness and opinion crazed eyes.
Bridges buck cars and trucks into the rivers.
The sidewalks run ahead.
Faster and faster.
Energy ground down into sidewalks and streets by billions of feet and tires.
Erupts from manholes and tunnels and breaks out with volcanic force.
Let it come down.
Caught in New York to meet the animals of the billion.
The piper pulled down at the sky.
We're escalating our programming here.
We are no longer going to just have the pseudo experts talking to us.
Three, two, one, tonight.
We're gonna probe around.
Where is it done?
Hardly a chance.
Two three.
Two three.
Et voila.
Round and round, look at us go.

Hard to reach top of it, the water cake Fairy樂
It's what you call crazy off wall ved momentum.
Let it go.
Befullaimed to go was such a chillRP.
Bothered the dust between offices telescope,
важно dose Job the show.
We don't know what they came for, but what they aim for is what they want.
Is it possible?
Is it possible?
Only those ideas which are accepted are those which are in the hands of the status quo,
which really...
...reaches the wider audience, which makes people brain-dead.
And you either have to submit, or you have to join the spectacle, you know, the...
The invasion of body snatchers, that kind of thing.
Yeah, and so we can agree that under that situation, it's a planet of the dead.
And the alternative is not to offer other ideas,
because they'll be quickly consumed and recycled and played out.
So the real alternative...
...is a kind of new yoga, an environmental yoga,
not a private spiritual or Eastern yoga.
The new yoga is to deal with the environments we've created and we all share.
You know what I mean, Mike?
And so that's why we have to deal with the conspiracy,
goes back to that caller,
that if I was able to take control, and I do have control,
but if I was able to present it in the pink world,
then I could bring in this real alternative.
And the way to have an alternative is to change the environments.
One of the ways would be to turn off the electric environment,
can you imagine doing that?
Right.
That'd be one...
It's not an alternative idea, that's an alternative percept.
But the pinks are never going to let you do that.
So they will let you have all the celebratory retrievals and replays
and celebrations of ideas and cultures,
because they know the medium is the message, not the content.
The content has no importance.
The control environment is those of the emperor, this is his new clothes,
is that he's just going to keep it on.
He's not going to turn it on.
That's a lot of money to be made.
Yeah.
And he's not even making money, he doesn't even want that.
I knew the unholy phoenix was aware that I had recognized it,
and it was laughing at me from within the anti-virgins' unhallowed womb.
I felt rage and fear inside of me,
and the voices of the archangels,
broadcast from their secret staging base in the hallowed earth,
raged in my head.
By the time Satan's whore had finished her meal,
I had decided on my course of action.
I followed her home.
She lived in one of those bland, pasteurized, suburban mushroom colonies
that conspiracy-controlled lies of the television and radio
have conditioned the cows to want.
Let them numb the mind with useless consumer goods and luxuries.
Let the cows sate themselves on split-level ranches,
wall-to-wall shag, microwaves, jacuzzis, food processors, and remote-controlled VCRs.
They have pulled the wool over their own eyes,
blinding themselves with animal comfort,
ignoring the signs traced in fire, ice, and blood that
I have come and their time is at hand.
The eastern world, it is exploding.
Violence flaring, bullets loading.
You're old enough to kill, but not for voting.
You don't believe in war, but what's that gun you're toting?
And even the Jordan River has bodies floating.
But you tell me over and over and over again, my friend,
how you don't believe we're under evil destruction.
Don't you understand what I'm trying to say?
And can't you feel the fears that I'm feeling today?
If the button is pushed, there's no running away.
There'll be no one to save with the world in a grave.
Take a look around you, boy.
It's bound to scare you, boy.
And you tell me over and over and over again, my friend,
how you don't believe we're under evil destruction.
This is Hour of Slack number 9183.
May 19th, 21989 AD.
In the news,
increased controversy over the skeleton and dwelling place or office of a midhistoric man
recently unearthed by scientists in the deserts of Texas in North Amerenid on Earth Farm 1.
Due to its special qualities, experts are engaged in heated debate over its origins.
Whether it is merely an advanced homo sapiens,
a Q-man, that is,
or is it one of the earliest homo correctus,
also known as the subgenius,
the last evolutionary step before our own species, homo excelsior?
Does this fossil represent the missing link between the lesser gravity-bound bipedal primates
and the subgenius-descended brain race which now conquers the stars?
And what of the claims by cultists
and dissidents that it is no less than the skull of one of the early apostles of the historical Dobbs man form,
which brought Slack to Earth Farm 1 in the year 0 B.D.
Or as they measured time, the late 20th century?
Could this be?
Most scientists concur that the skeleton could well be that of a man
who walked the Earth at the same time and place as the Dobbs itself,
during his last physical incarnation,
an unwitting pre-overman fighter in the bitter struggle which raised homo excelsior
from his quagmire of mortality and physics-bound three-dimensional fixed-leggedness
and into the energy-based free-thought-form heights of our civilization.
But is it necessarily?
Let's examine the fossil record,
evidence which, while meager on the surface,
yet allows skilled experts to reconstruct and describe in extraordinary detail
the life of this mysterious ancient tool-using ape.
Of course, Earth Farm 1 in his time was a much different place than it is today.
Lavishly gifted with surging, plankton-filled oceans
and land masses abundant with plants and animals,
the home-seed planet then bore little resemblance
to the blasted, atmosphere-less testing range
all too familiar to modern elementary school environmentologists.
But what sort of creature dwelt in this crude office of 20,000 years ago?
Who was he?
What was his daily life like there on farm Earth just before the Great Transmigration?
Fossil fragments of his implements seen here,
supplemented by the oral records of our friends the dolphins,
paint a picture of his primeval office.
Constructed of simple wood and metal,
yet he possessed crude computers of a sort,
fashioned entirely from toxic plastics and metals,
powered by artificial electricity.
These early computers were sad, immobile, paralyzed boxes,
armless and legless, mere heads,
to be used as little more than flint hatchets.
Their users probably did not even suspect that their computers possessed souls.
Certainly they were never used for the sexual pastimes we enjoy today.
Nevertheless, their presence in this creature's hypothetical office
distinguish him as a uniquely human being.
The electronic animal, the first of his kind.
Indeed, he was far more overhuman than this apish reconstruction slide indicates,
as seen in slide one, which admittedly resembles the domesticated Eloi
we breed for soul energy.
Even more so, the primitive wild Eloi mocked by our children in zoos.
Homo correctus possesses the familiar unkindness,
and a curved spine.
He was robustly built, with thick, heavy bones.
At this stage of development, he was still better at driving
than at communicating or maintaining peaceful relationships with others,
and not even those of his own kind.
That the skeleton was found next to the corroded parts of a harvesting tool,
then called a lawnmower,
proves that he was still incapable of such simple telekinesis
as controlling the growth of plants by mental command.
He still had legs, of course,
though those hideous jointed appendages which are only vestigial in our race.
As seen here, the socket at which the femur connects to the pelvis was farther inward
than in Australopithecus, for instance.
So he was capable of walking fully erect if he wore shoes,
but abrasion on the coccyx shows that most of the time was actually spent sitting,
perhaps because, like us,
his great weight would otherwise have crushed even his massive bones.
The skeleton is, at first glance, typical of the humans of that time.
Note that the bones are much thicker than ours,
suggesting that the musculature of this creature had broad anchors.
Physically, these creatures were incredibly powerful.
One of them could easily slay twenty of us in combat.
But were his head shielded from telepathy,
or was it just a matter of time before he could be taken to the hospital?
The only way to know is to have a photographic control by Blightanium.
But, of course, to him, Blightanium was at best a dream.
You know, there hasn't been any real advances in your field.
See a gang's all here.
What the heck do we care?
What the heck do we care?
But your tape recorder.
Yes.
Hey, that machine is alive.
Get this thing off of me!
Look, it's crawling right up his leg.
You talking to me?
Yeah, we can see.
How do I kill that?
You can...
Here, we'll show you.
You can take this tape here...
You talking to me?
...and you grind up a little bit of buffalo residue.
Yeah, I'm talking to you, little...
Get in the trash can.
You gotta talk it down.
Yeah, you're in the stupid show.
You gotta be a man about it and talk it down.
You're in the show we're not gonna use, all right?
Get back in the trash can.
Get back.
You!
Get in the trash can!
Back!
Get that razor blade.
Quick, get that editing tape!
Get that editing tape so the razor blade slaps.
Razor blade beats tape any time.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
Get back in the trash can, you stupid.
Get in the trash can.
Oh, what...
The Crocodile.
That's one of his favorite pieces.













No animal is half so vile as Crockeywock the crocodile.
On Saturdays he likes to crunch six juicy children for his lunch,
and he especially enjoys just three of each, three girls, three boys.
He smears the boys to make them hot with mustard from the mustard pot,
but mustard doesn't go with girls.
It tastes all wrong with plaits and curls.
With them what goes extremely well is butterscotch and caramel.
It's such a super marvellous treat when boys are hot and girls are sweet.
At least that's Crockey's point of view.
He ought to know. He's had a few.
That's all for now. It's time for bed.
Lie down and rest your sleepy head.
Shh! Listen.
What is that I hear?
Galumphing softly up the stair.
Go lock the door and fetch my gun.
Go on, child, hurry, quickly run.
No, stop, stand back. He's coming in.
Oh, look, that greasy greening.

The skin, the shiny teeth, the greedy smile.
It's Crockey Wok the crocodile.
Observe here the remarkably small cranium of Homo correctus.
Only 2,000 cubic centimetres compared to our 50,000.
And the characteristic backward sloping forehead.
The brain of this animal was capable only of language, tool making and speech.
It had none of the 40 other characteristics of high thought which we take for granted today.
Altogether, his brain had less cells than do those of our contemporary gorilla servants.
As certain radical upstart free gorilla gorillas never cease to remind us.
As every school child knows,
our ancestors were able to create a world of free and free animals.
Our ancestors were able to genetically transfer the brain into the chest where it was better protected.
While moving the gonads into the cranium where they best functioned.
But that happened 5,000 years after the last war.
Compared to us then, Homo correctus was truly a monster.
Because of his savage, savage appearance,
primitive peoples on the outer planet still use scary tales of these creatures to frighten their children into behaving.
But this is not the end.
Despite the quaint legends of monsters like Dob Squatch or Middle-sized Foot,
the idea that some pocket of these biological throwbacks might exist are, if romantic, nevertheless pure myth.
Yes, to us, he would look like a mutated, disgusting, violent zoo animal.
But if we could imagine his thoughts,
they would probably prove to be remarkably similar to, say,
those of our own forefathers.
Four year olds pondering the mysteries of life, slack, and squirt.
What?
Sub-D-D-Radio
D-I-D
Sub-D-D-Line
D-I-D
Sub-D-D-Line
Sub-D-D-Line
Sub-D-D-Radio
Subgenius Radio
Sub-D-D-Radio
Sub-D-D-Radio
Sub-D-D-Radio
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Got some show on me.
Yeah, you?
You can get more show on you, friends, if you want to write for free information.
Yeah.
What?
No, shut up, you guys.
You can write for free information about the Church of the Subgenius,
which does other things besides this show.
Quite a few other things.
Things we can't tell you about quite yet.
So, please just write for free information from Bob,
at postofficebox140.com.
Postofficebox140.com.
Sign up for a free appointment today atруг metal studio.


Say hi to Bob at Box 140306 Dallas, Texas, 75214.
I'll give that number again.
That's Bob at Box 140306 Dallas, Texas, 75214.
Last few things you heard were turtles, eve of destruction.
The lead singer is a subgenius, believe it or not.
Some more KPFA there, and, of course, nångth Θeos heren� נ threshold är one of the
Raoul Dahl with a bedtime story.
Stay tuned, dear friends, for a nicer show
without those hate corpses.
Aren't those hate corpses terrible?
They're terrible.
Born so good.
