From PR News in Washington, I'm the Liberian who was diagnosed with Texas off the coast of Mexico.
There's now approximately 50 individuals. Now most of those individuals are individuals that are individuals on a daily basis.
On Wall Street 212, the National Hurricane Center says that this is PR News.
Lawyers get special treatment.
The Obama is chairing a better than expected PR News, Washington.
Hey, everybody.
Huh?
Moment of truth is here.
Really?
Yes.
No.
The Self Genius Hour of Slack.
I'm going to be sick.
Well, how about that?
Oh, God.
I've let us all down.
Wow.
All right.
And so we begin yet another hour of slack from.
Wisteria Campground.
This time it's an Ask Doctor How special.
Yes, everyone out here is special, but this is a special special.
Is there something you want to share with everyone?
Amazing Larry.
That's a good one.
Yeah.
Yes, you can thumb your way to a different campground if you want to.
But we think we're satisfied to be right here.
Yes.
We're ready to engage in some unusual pastimes to distinguish this event from others and
perhaps to plant some small shoots in memories garden, which may eventually grow into a monstrous
overgrowth of regret and shame in my case.
So I hope we do have the slips filled out and that my golfing and prayer partner, the
man.
Reverend Ivan Stang is now assiduously going through them and separating the gratuities
payments or premiums from the many leaves which contain the questions themselves.
I grabbed the one that had the most money I could see.
All right.
Well, we should have that.
Four dollars, by the way.
Well, whatever it is, the good old American dollar.
Good everywhere.
Thank you for that four dollars.
And since that question is the best funded, we should probably honor it by answering it
first, though.
It's not up to me.
You should ask me that question.
You're the person doing this to you.
Do you begin writing your business
or do you resume your business?
Can I start indicating that maybe by succeeding –
Let's call this one by design as it starts –
with your fingers, I pity you, because you, of all things, always take me here and nicely
gracefully present out.
clan could clan coup. Well, the clan part of this disreputable society's name has to do with
gathering and being together, similar to the subgenius word clench, although by no means
these fraternities overlap, at least I would hope not. But the coup of kouklux comes from a degraded
version of the Greek word kouklos, or circle, meaning a secret society, a secret organization.
You know, we might laugh at the kouklux clan as being a bunch of idiots out in a field,
corn huskers in their clodhoppers and so on, certainly nothing like the elegant
metrosexuals we perceive ourselves as being. But in recent times, and I mean historically,
recent times, the kouklux clan was an enormous organization.
Stretching into many different states, they marched in Indianapolis, Indiana, 20,000 strong,
in their hoods down the street with beaming cops and everybody thinking everything was hunky-dory.
For in those days, there were many societies which upright, reasonable, rock-ribbed Republicans and
others were expected to join. The Moose Lodge, the Elks, the Masons, of course, with their world-spanning
conspiracy, and many others. And often, you could be asked to join something and it would be the grand
exalted order of the Silver Rutabaga or something, some name, and you wouldn't realize this was
actually one branch of the kouklux clan. My grandfather went through the induction since
as the district attorney for the city of Lebanon, Indiana. He wanted to get into these groups and,
you know, be all palsy and hail fellow well-met.
But at one point, he was asked to join the Kouklux clan. And he was asked to join the Kouklux clan.
One particular moment, one awkward moment, in fact, just after the unrobing where they show you
who they are, they're no longer masked, he realized, why, this is the goddamn Kouklux clan.
And he got out and walked, got up and walked out. And not only that, he had seen everybody's face
and he knew who was who. That is, he walked out in a part of the ceremony where you're never
supposed to walk out. So we ask ourselves this,
this apparent non-X-day, how much kou could a kouklux clan, if a kou clan could clan-cue?
Well, only as much as it takes to come to the realization. And then, clan-cue very much.
Oh, yeah. Well, we got another Dr. Dark on board the spaceship here.
All right, I'm ready for the next question. Remember, you can still be writing questions
at down and send it to me. I'll be happy to answer them. I'll be happy to answer them. I'll be happy to answer them.
I'm just sending them up here. If you have something you'd like me to answer,
you know, just don't feel inhibited. It's a method, desultory as it is, of entertainment.
And it really helps if you throw in a buck or 20.
Yes.
This one, this is, it's a mystery one. It's all...
A mystery wrapped in enigma.
It's a $1 question. It's two for one.
Surrounded with creamy milk chocolate.
That's all right. Under these occasions, I'll answer two for one.
Well, this one's scratched out.
Scratched out.
Scratched out is, how do they get the lead into those pencils?
But then he scratched that out and decided it was more important to know,
does Godzilla poop in the woods?
Does Godzilla poop in the woods? Maybe you like the pencil question.
The last first. Then I'll talk about the pencil.
Yes, there's much to be said for the humble pencil, perhaps threatened with extinction.
But let's talk about another archaic beast.
Godzilla, supposedly, according to the first movie,
a transitional form between the armored Ornithischian dinosaurs
and the large bipedal saurischians, like the famous Tyrannosaurus.
But Godzilla is outlandish, out of all proportion, no dinosaur,
apparently semi-aquatic.
He is, however, of that non-furred or feathered clade,
which is in its basic organization, including the digestive,
digestive system, reptilian.
And thus I rule that Godzilla poops wherever it wants.
In fact, has no volition in the matter.
Whatever is ingested goes in, is processed, and then is pooped out.
Or, in the very unusual case of Godzilla,
it may be, though we are unable to determine this today,
disposed of in an entirely novel and different fashion.
You know, when I was a young shaper growing up in the deserts of Arizona,
in the southwestern Sonora bioregion,
we had many interesting critters who would often come to visit
our humble Garth, whether or not invited.
Among these was Helodermas spectum, the beaded Gila monster.
This is the world's only poisonous lizard,
no matter what anybody else may tell you.
Of course, you never want to be told about it.

be bitten by a lizard since their mouths are filthy and they can infect you anyway. Being
bitten by a large monitor is no joke and they don't just stop with a bite. At any rate, the
Gila monster, Heloderma suspectum, or its Mexican variety, Heloderma horridum, is poisonous and
although it injects you with its venom, it does so not like a rattlesnake which just strikes,
but by grabbing you and then slowly thoughtfully chewing on you. And with each chew, the venom
runs down the hollow grooves of the teeth and into the increasingly maturated wound. You can't even
pry these heads off with a crowbar once it determines to bite, but don't mess with them and
they won't bite. So, in fact, it was believed by rednecks and other dubious authorities that the
Gila monster was so venomous that it was so venomous that it was so venomous that it was so
venomous because it didn't have an asshole and its venom was the concentrated undigested solids
which were toxic and could be eliminated from the body in no other way. Of course, I have a book
with a picture of a Gila monster's asshole in it, so we know this is just a matter of
falderal. Yes, Poisonous Dwellers of the Desert by Vijay Stanek, I think. So, when you, Godzilla,
let's go.
loose with a huge blast of fire, the dorsal plates light up and charge and luminosity is seen running
from head to tail. Have you noticed this when Godzilla shoots out fire in all versions of
Godzilla? Watch those dermal ossicles and you will see that there is some kind of combustion
going on there which probably powers the fiery blast. Most earth dragons created their so-called
fire, much as the black dragon. So, when you, Godzilla, let's go.
So, on the other side, how do they get the lead into those pencils? How do they? You know, they don't. They get the pencils around the lead. Yes, the wood shavings themselves.
Yes, the wood shavings themselves.
form around an interior lead spindle.
You know, the word pencil is cognate to the word penis.
Actually, a pencil linguistically means a little penis.
I don't know if anyone objects to this etymological side note,
but if so, speak now or forever hold your penis.
Now I've been deserted by Stang,
so I need another question, toot sweet,
or else this show will falter and founder
and have dinosaur egg on its face.
Give me one.
I'm going to read this one,
and then I'm going to go take a sweat lodge break.
Very well.
And sweat out some of my juice.
And how was this one accompanied in a pecuniary matter?
Not one thin dime.
Oh, dear, that is unfortunate.
In fact, I think our totals take...
This entire Ask Dr. Howell is $5.
Sometimes we ask if anyone wants to sponsor a particular answer.
If there's a slight donation,
the answer might conceivably be better
or adorned with the flowery adumbrations,
which are occasionally a feature of this presentation.
Well, you can hit them with the ugly truth for this,
although it might be pleasant.
This got sent by someone got hit with an ugly stick.
The question is,
can Bob create a froth mixture so strong that even he can't smoke it?
And, Reverend Angry Larry, I'll let you be the answer question man.
Would you do that, Reverend Angry Larry?
What you need to do is go through them, organize them,
and give me the ones that you think the moment demands.
This is the question I'll repeat again
while Stan goes off to commune with his ancestors.
The question,
can Bob create a froth mixture
so strong that even he can't smoke it?
This is a question which,
as a professional question answerer,
I get all the time.
You may not believe this,
but it is a version of the old village atheist's question,
can God create a trench so broad
that even he can't jump across it?
Well, of course, to God, the almighty spirit,
anything is possible.
It's a totally unfair setup, like Superman.
You know, if you can do everything,
where is the struggle?
They have to work hard.
They have to work hard to get the Sturm and the Drang into there.
Or actually, it derives from being,
the condition of a superior being
while everyone else is an inferior being.
So that's how they get the problem,
with Lois Lane, Alp, discovering the secret identity,
and all of that, if I recall.
But God, too, has similar problems,
and thus we say,
Jehovah One is a senile space god,
and was senile,
even at the time he hung the stars
and made the ancient oceans
begin to flex their primal ooze.
Set everything in motion,
if you like your Bible story.
Then the stars sang for joy
at the perfection of the new creation.
And what a sound that was,
which shall not be heard again
until the actual X-Day,
when and if it occurs.
So, God, yes, can create this mythical trench,
and in fact, God has created this trench.
It's not God, but humans who refuse to jump across.
But in this case, Bob can create a frop mixture so strong
that even he can't smoke it.
That is to say, he won't smoke it,
because he'll smoke the mixture which suits him.
And this mixture, being super strong,
exists only as a measure of quantification,
the ultimate end of the dial.
You don't want to go up there.
You want to choose something,
something in the middle,
for greater comfort, fullness,
and smoking pleasure,
like a rum-soaked shag
or a fine, rich, burly tobacco.
Thank you.
And now, Reverend Angry Larry
has dipped into the magic question bag,
and is going to ask me another question.
Remember, if you're not satisfied with these questions
or the quality of my answers,
write one yourself
on one of the many sheets of paper,
and accompanied by a slight premium,
have it sent up here to the desk,
when I shall endeavor to pay your patience well,
as well as one might be,
who has lived such an inordinately unfair
and tedious length of time.
Well, Dr. Howell, we're up to six dollars now,
because this question...
All right!
Now we're talking.
Now we're cooking with gas.
...is worth a dollar.
Six dollars? Huh?
No, no.
Oh, I see.
Our whole pile is up to six dollars.
An additional dollar.
We'll have to put a harp
on the niggardliness of this pile.
Okay.
What is your reaction to the fact that,
on Titan, due to the dense atmosphere
and low gravity,
humans could fly by flapping their arms?
Well, that's very well said.
Yes, humans could fly by flapping their arms
on that strange Saturnian moon, Titan.
And a second later,
they would be frozen into a corpuscle.
Because of the intense cold
and lack of atmospheric pressure.
There is, however, an atmosphere on Titan, yes.
On the other hand,
this atmosphere is tenuous on the surface.
But some of us like to think that below
the frozen surface of this curious moon,
there may exist a liquid ocean
teeming with unusual forms of exobiology.
Life, but hardly life as we would know it.
You see, life doesn't need much to get going.
Only our kind of life does.
Human life needs all kinds of
namby-pamby cosseting and primping.
It needs a planet that's nice and warm
with plenty of liquid water
and abundant food
and a nice thick atmosphere to breathe.
Do you think most exobiotic entities
get all this stuff?
They do not.
Furthermore,
we have another thing on our planet.
A huge moon.
Bigger than any other planet gets for a moon.
That is, it's a special privilege
that once again we have in this place.
A moon that is coincidentally,
when seen from Earth,
the exact same size as the sun.
So it can perform a complete solar eclipse.
This moon has vastly assisted
in making things the way they are today.
Because without the moon's tidal drag,
in its eternal orbit,
the seas would not have tides at all.
And the living ocean would not breathe.
Indeed, might not even be living.
So all these improbable things
have come together
and we think that's what life is going to be like?
No.
Only in cases,
and only in some of those,
where all these exact same conditions prevail.
In the so-called Goldilocks zone of life,
where not too hot, not too cold,
that's why the Goldilocks thing,
you know, just right.
A rocky world,
a world with a sustainable atmosphere,
and a moon to make the seas
whisper, roll, and breathe.
So life can be generated in that ocean,
nature's bassinet.
Put on your outside space suit.
It need not be the big bulky kind
you see in the movies.
All you need to do is prevent
the atmospheric pressure inside you
from exploding you.
But if you wrap yourself up tight
with puttees of a special design,
patent-penning,
you don't need the bulky suit
where you surround yourself
with a little bit of atmosphere.
Then you can flap your wings,
or perhaps you can have special paddles
and lift yourself on Titan.
It is a large moon, yes,
but it is kind of small
as planetary bodies go,
and leaping off the surface
will not be difficult.
What would be a lot more fun
and easier to arrange is
fix up our own moon,
and, you know, roof some craters
and put an atmosphere in there.
Then not only could you flap your arms
and have flippers and fly through the air,
but you could dive into the water
in exquisite slow motion
and do all sorts of one-sixth gravity things.
But short-sighted people,
politicians instead,
would rather repeal the Affordable Care Act.
All right, how about another one?
Well, this one's,
we've got another dollar.
Another dollar.
And it's a good question.
I like this one.
And another locust came
and carried away a grain of wheat,
or in this case,
added a grain of wheat.
Okay.
What do robots dream of?
What do robots dream of?
Most interesting.
Like the Philip K. Dickie in question,
do androids dream of electric sheep?
You know, I guess they would
because all of their brain phenomena
is electric in origin.
But here's the kicker.
All our brain phenomena
is similarly electric in origin.
Small amounts of electricity,
and I mean small,
occur in the discharges
of synapses and neurons.
But one might think that a robot,
if dreaming was necessary
to its intellectual organization,
would dream of things
which would help it function
when its equivalent
of a conscious mind is functioning.
Let's be very certain about this,
because humans have two layers,
at least two,
of computer operation
operating at all times.
One is the conscious mind,
which is the brain,
that part which you are aware of
and you think of as yourself.
The other part underlies it,
and there are other
extensive function banks underlying that.
But the upper part of the limbic system
and the under part of the brain,
a part we call the anterior frontal gyrus,
has to do with solving problems
that you want solved,
though you're not conscious of solving them.
So, for example,
if you're thinking of something
and you can't remember it,
stop trying to remember it.
What you're doing is thinking
about trying to remember.
You are not remembering.
Once you stop,
your unconscious mind will continue going
and will hand you the answer
a few moments later.
Perhaps you've experienced this phenomenon.
Robots will not dream at all
unless their brains are similarly so organized.
Our dreams are necessary
for us to make sense
of what we experience
during our waking lives.
They are a cinematic production
of the unconscious mind,
which naturally places things
in allegorical and metaphorical form.
Naturally, because that's what we do consciously.
The unconscious works in the same way.
If it's necessary to install a program
in a renegade robot
to deal with the psychological issues,
which such complications are,
then they will dream
of function-clearing programs,
which like the re-railer car
on a HO Rail track,
will cause cars that are off the track
to orient their wheels correctly
and not grind along the track.
The machine is entirely the entity
in the case of the robot,
but the humans have a gestalt going,
a so-called soul.
No doubt more complicated robotic mechanisms will also have the equivalent of this.
Thank you, Dr. Howell.
Yeah, they didn't like that one.
Oh, maybe they did.
Oh, okay.
You got a good one there, Stang?
Well, we're starting to get non-verbal Ask Dr. Howell questions.
Someone drew a picture.
Yeah.
You know, they say a picture is worth a thousand words.
There's more than one that are done like that.
If you could be able to answer that, I don't think it would be that difficult.
Well, first one must determine whether or not there is any writing or any orthography at all.
But it contains a paisley-like mat, like I was describing before.
And then midway toward the bottom there is a jagged arrow
turning through two sides.
Separate angles pointing toward the bottom.
What does this mean?
I interpret it as saying that this is going south.
Can that be ameliorated?
And my answer to that is it's up to you.
Send one that is easier to interpret.
Here's a sensible one, Dr. Howell.
Very good.
Dear Dr. Howell, what do subgenius geniuses find attractive
in a new world?
An uber-femme.
A bonus, not required question.
What do subgenius subgeniuses find attractive in an uber-femme?
What do subgenius subgeniuses?
No, there's...
Oh, I see.
The main question is what do subgenius geniuses,
which seems to be a contradiction in terms...
That would seem to be a tautology,
which I will have to clear away with other formidable underbrush
and overgrowth in this question.
But the entire piece is,
what do subgenius...
What do subgenius subgeniuses find attractive in an uber-femme?
Bonus, not required question.
What do subgenius subgeniuses find attractive in a user frame?
No, uber, same question.
It's just one is subgenius subgeniuses
and one is subgenius geniuses.
Oh, I see.
Well, subgenius subgeniuses...
Which I've never heard of subgenius geniuses.
Or subgenius subgeniuses.
One assumes most subgeniuses are subgenius in a way,
but subgenius geniuses are possible if you allow my definition,
which I've often given on national TV, if you recall.
You know the one I'm talking about.
I do.
Where I say that the word genius means,
when you parse it, a spirit.
A genius.
For example, the word genius loci refers to the spirit of a place.
One place may be haunted like a spirit,
like the vocal grove,
of Dodona,
where supposedly trees in the ancient world used to speak.
Thank you.
We have another question.
With no emolument, but at least it's a question.
So that would mean a place.
Also, the word is similar to the word genie,
which is not...
From Indo-European, you get the same idea.
It's a spirit.
You rub the lamp and out comes the genie,
or in this case, genius.
A subgenius.
Therefore, by this one of many writhing, tentacular definitions,
a subgenius is sub under a genius,
under a spirit.
That is, doing the direction of a spirit.
Whose spirit?
Well, not the conspiracy.
Your spirit.
You are running Robert the Robot,
the mechanical man.
Drive him and steer him wherever you can.
You are the genius, the spirit.
The same...
Gestalt, I was speaking of,
created by the intellection process of the conscious mind
with the addition of the unconscious mind.
So that would be someone who was under his own or her own genius
and was a genius would be a subgenius genius.
Good.
We got to the end of the first line.
And what does such a person find attractive in an Uber femme?
Boy, how should I know what some genius wants?
All I know is what I...
myself would find and do find attractive.
Overall, the most important thing is the quality of affection
and friendship and loyalty.
One should not pretend that one is enamored of another person
and then cut that person cold when that person approaches.
Yes, these things do not help.
And so what one wishes is a feeling,
to see a feeling of repletion,
which begins to occur when you,
the seeking person or bowerbird,
heaves in sight.
When you appear, one should see the liniments of pleasure
on the face of the desired beloved
rather than a shrinking aversion
and a desire to be elsewhere.
At this point, I will say a poem
which happens periodically in the Ask Dr. Halsteads.
I'll make it a short one.
I'm thinking of that poet Keats.
You may remember Keats.
Famous poet, a great poet.
You know, he died when he was 25 years old.
He was super young when he wrote all the famous poems.
And he got terrible reviews from the local paper
who said, who does this character think he is?
You know, acting like some kind of poet.
Now, or up to now, people had to learn these poems.
And I think that's a great thing.
This poem he wrote while he was on his way to Italy
to die in his 25th year.
Bright star, wouldst I were steadfast as thou art,
Not in lone splendor, hungle off the night,
But watching with eternal lids apart,
Like nature's patient, sleepless, eremite,
The moving waters, at their priest-like task
Of pure ablution round earth's human shores,
Or gazing on the new soft-fallen mask of snow
Upon the mountains and the moors?
No, still more steadfast, still unchangeable,
Pillowed upon my fair love's ripening breast,
To feel forever its soft swell and fall,
Awake forever in a sweet unrest,
Still, still to hear her tender taken breath,
And so live ever, or else swoon to death.
That's pretty impressive, Dr. Howell.
But you're giving 15-minute answers to cheapskate questions.
I thought cheapskate questions were the only kind we had.
Well, we have a lot of them now.
All right, let's...
We're gonna have to pick it up.
You know, also in the Ask Dr. Howell show,
at the end, specifically, we play the speed round music,
and we have the speed round where you flip them at me,
and I give one or two-word answers,
so we can always do that.
Well, but it's true. We have a lot on the docket.
I will attempt to be quicker and more concise in my answers,
so let's have a couple of them then.
Wouldn't it be easier if we all just had a cloaca?
Well, we do.
And then, during embryological development,
the famous penis developed,
but remember, a man is only an imperfect woman.
The woman is the phenotype of the race.
How's that? Short? Less than a minute?
This is one where I can read out the first part,
but I'm gonna have to let you read the second part.
Very well, that is fair.
The question is, why are you so smart?
But before you answer, take a good look at that.
I don't need to take a good look. There's a dollar in this.
Well, but there's some instructions.
Okay, see, bribe, answer. Oh, I see. Well, got it.
The answer to the question.
The answer is that I have spent so much time hanging out with Teeters,
who is a philosopher man-cane.
You might think of him just as this bellowing, chain-smoking alcoholic.
And of course, he is all things to all people,
but also, he is, like many subgeniuses, a clandestine sage.
And in his company, I have learned much.
Perhaps you can do as much.
Okay, that's fairly short.
Yeah, here's another one, also in excellent handwriting.
Can you stuff a turducken with another turducken?
Could this cause an infinite food loop?
It sounds like a regression, an infinite regression is going on,
but it can't, because of the given size of the meats involved in this curious dish.
You know, as for me, I am somewhat hesitant to answer that.
I'm not going to eat something that begins with the word turd,
but many people swear by this.
And in recent times, they've discovered the ability to fry an entire turkey in a campsite
by lowering it down into a heated cauldron.
Anyway, the food loop is not infinite,
because the size, the small size of the ingredients stops very soon.
Indeed, although the road to Brobdingnag, so to speak, goes on forever,
the road to Lilliput ends very soon,
because there are natural limitations on how small anything can get,
even a delicious dinner finished.
Here's one that the payment, unfortunately, is just the label of a Yangling black and tan.
Well, that's better than I often get.
The question is, is there an original Dobbshead painting,
with Dorian Gray-like properties?
And where might it be?
Isn't that interesting?
You know, did you all hear this?
Is there an original Dobbshead painting with Dorian Gray-like properties?
Oscar Wilde wrote his famous novel,
The Picture of Dorian Gray, about a young man who was so beautiful,
but actually, he had exchanged souls with the picture that his friend,
Basil Hallward, a painter, had painted.
And he soon noticed that the picture was starting to look very creepy,
because the picture, not Dorian,
mirrored all the evil that he did.
And soon he had to cover this picture,
and then he had to put it in the attic,
where it grew creepier and creepier.
Is this what J.R. Bob Dobbs has or does?
I would say, J.R. Bob Dobbs is a picture.
And, not only that,
can become creepy or uncreepy at will,
at his will, expressed in his own will,
expressed by the will of his minions, his myrmidons,
which we call subgeniuses.
They are constantly decorating Dobbsheads,
distorting them, twisting them,
adding and subtracting,
multiplying and dividing,
cutting them down the middle,
and creating bilaterally symmetrical,
twin-piped monstrosities.
Everybody's seen it.
Everybody does it.
So, the answer is, yes.
The original Dobbshead painting that this person is asking about,
is the standard, classic, universal Dobbshead.
That was about two minutes, I think.
Praise Bob.
Oh, and this is an appropriate question.
Where did all the time go?
Ah, well, that's a good one.
Where did all the time go?
I'm wondering.
Did all the time run into a memory hole?
Did it run down the drain?
Some of us might be happy to see the time flash past,
if some of us are not having a good time.
Others wish it would extend infinitely.
But where the time went
was from the future into the past.
And what you're definitely going to have more of in the future
is the past.
More and more and more.
Until the final condition occurs,
where there is no future anymore
because all of time has been subsumed into the past.
And there is no more room for a future.
That is where the time is going.
And you can assist it to travel at a speed which suits you
by your careful practice and behavior,
which in this church we call time control.
Praise Bob.
And thank you, Dr. Howell.
Sure.
This one, another carefully handwritten one.
My dear Dr. Howell,
why do birds, the jumbo, big jumbo sort,
i.e. terror birds,
no longer grace the skies of North America
on a regular basis?
Thank you.
The terror birds?
Did everyone hear the question?
Why do the terror birds,
the jumbo, big jumbo sort,
no longer grace the skies of America
on a regular basis?
First of all, we do have some big scavenging birds,
vultureen birds.
These are the condors,
which are still alive
in my native state of California.
They are threatened because what they eat
is often prey shot and then abandoned by hunters,
which contains lead shot.
So this distorts and destroys their attempts to form eggs.
But in the recent prehistoric past,
recent geologically, although old to us,
huge elephants roamed right here in Wisteria,
and indeed even out to California.
And not only that, other outlandish beings,
glyptodons, Volkswagen engines,
like giant armadillos, giant sloths,
dire wolves, and smilodons,
whose smiles resembled,
who revealed two formidable canines.
But the terror bird was called the teratorn
or teratornus.
Its wing spread has been estimated
as more than 25 feet in some specimens.
It was a huge giant vulture.
Why did such a creature ever exist?
Why do huge, giant, prehistoric creatures
all seem to be huge and giant and not exist anymore?
Basically, the reason is there's not enough range
for them to live and there's not enough food
for them to eat.
When there's abundant food, creatures can be big,
huge, dominate the ecosphere.
They can walk for hundreds of miles,
crunching and eating up forests
and changing the atmospheric conditions.
They can even have a great composition
with their thunderous, giant farts of methane.
And this happened for many millions of years.
But now that greedy humanoids
have got most of the ecosystem sewed up,
large creatures are really having a tough time of it.
And their anguish in this predicament
will only increase if we don't change
the error of our ways.
On islands where resources are limited,
the animals sometimes diminish in size.
And you have pygmy elephants and even pygmy people,
which have recently been found in the fossil record,
the so-called hobbits or Homo floriensis.
So, why do birds no longer grace the skies
of North America on a regular basis?
They won't.
Until, for some inexplicable reason,
not entirely beyond the bounds of credulity,
all of humans die.
And produce a mountain of carrion,
which will include large carrion-eating birds to reappear.
But it still will take a long time for them to come back.
Here's another monster-related question, I think.
It's got an illustration that goes with it.
Very good.
I like these creative questions from artistic subgeniuses.
It says,
Could this be it?
is the question.
And then it has a drawing of a really hideous monster
with two faces and three breasts,
apparently shooting the finger.
It looks like Sextmortis drew it.
I took a photograph of it.
Well drawn in ballpoint pen.
Could this be it?
Right.
I think maybe it's referring to the...
The monster?
The mystery.
Yes, this could be an Ask Ivan Stang question.
Do you suppose from your investigation so far
that this multi-breasted, shaggy, asymmetrical, two-mouthed being
apparently making a vulgar gesture with its right paw,
could this be the...
Well, it would solve the conflicting types of evidence.
There's a lot of evidence that it's an animal and a different kind...
It could be a cross between old Ciqua,
a rape bear,
a diseased, rabid prairie squid,
a face-fucking bat,
and Dr. Philodrummond,
and Dr. Katahdin Laguigne.
With some Susie the Floozy thrown in, it looks like.
But that still doesn't answer all of the questions.
Could this be it?
Oh, no, it doesn't.
It could be.
Here, put this with the other evidence.
Perhaps this artist knows more than he has been willing to say up to now.
All right, we'll try to go through these quickly.
This one is problematic.
Very well.
But it came with two dollars.
Well, that's not so problematic.
And you're going to have to help me.
I think it was written by somebody on drugs.
Why is it crackers to slip Roser the Snide dropsy in...
You've got to read it better than that.
Why is it crackers to slip Roser...
Roser in the snide...
See what I mean?
Dropsy in...
The last word.
Start with an S, don't we?
This is like written on the...
Oh, okay.
Why is it crackers to slip a Razor in the...
Razor dropsy in the snide.
You know, there is a question on the other side, too.
What about that?
Is that also...
No, that was a scrap piece of paper.
Oh, I see.
Well...
Although the statement on the other side makes a lot more sense.
Here's the answer.
I must give it an answer.
So here it is.
If you are planning to slip a Razor in the snide, it's not at all crackers, but in fact the appropriate response.
However, any time you engage in any kind of unusual activity such as this, you will be censured and the problem will be seen as lying with you.
Even though what you're doing is trying to eliminate the problem.
Even though you're trying to satisfy, you will be condemned.
Unfortunately, life is sometimes like this.
This one...
Thank you.
This one came with a generous donation of five dollars.
Holy kazoos.
And it's signed, Reverend Ankara.
Why hasn't my voice returned?
Well, maybe...

Maybe it will.
Maybe your voice will return.
Just give the soft mucoid tissues of the throat enough time and they will regenerate.
They will repair themselves.
Those soft things, those wet soft parts fix themselves up more than hard or dry parts.
So your voice will come back.
But it may have gone too far because of all the bellowing from joyful exuberance which occurs.
At subgenius campsites and has entertained us all the past few nights.
Remember, you should suffer a little bit for your art.
And so, at the risk of assuming a certain hoarseness, maybe you would like to shout even louder your barbaric yawp into the surrounding atmosphere as we come toward the climax of X-Day.
Also, the purchasing of subgenius CDs, DVDs and T-shirts has been known to help.
So, you're saying that subgenius CDs have helped soothe the throat for some reason.
That's right, it has.
Because while you're listening to them, you're not exercising it yourself.
And you're allowing it to heal.
Here's another question, Dr. Howell.
Why isn't there any egg in an egg cream?
Well, because the word egg cream no longer refers to the delicacy in question.
People from New York certainly know what an egg cream is.
But it's been this way so long that no one expects an egg in an egg cream or an egg chopped up finely or blended.
If it were to occur and it were to be apprehended, it would seem to be anomalous, not regular.
And thus, things change and evolve.
Here are, well, I think these came together because they have the same artwork on them.
One is a drawing of a pipe.
And it says,
Is this a pipe?
This part two has drawings of some weird creatures.
And it says,
Who draws this kind of thang, quote, thang, unquote, and why?
First of all, this is a picture of a pipe.
Only in that sense is it a pipe.
It is, of course, not a pipe.
And that was the point of the famous French painting of a pipe,
which is called,
The
And sure enough, it wasn't.
It was a painting.
But now we have an absurd picture, well drawn, entertaining.
Who draws this kind of thang and why?
Who draws it is a person who is tired of the utter tedium which requires him or her to create entertainment on the spot.
Because there's no entertainment like the magic anodyne of art,
which even soothes your grief and discomfort,
but is directly caused by it, as a matter of fact.
All right, we're down to the last two questions.
The last questions.
All right.
This one says, or asks,
What is the best way to recycle a fresh placenta?
I think an expecting mother may want to know this.
What is the best way to recycle a fresh placenta?
Everybody knows what the placenta is, right?
It nourishes the infant during ontological development
and is cast out at the moment of birth with the freshly decanted nipper.
Some hippies and other forward individuals who wish to engage intimately and exclusively with nature in her operations
even cook this thing up and serve it as part of the joyous occasion.
I'm sure some of you out here have heard of this, eating the placenta.
The odd thing is that the Latin word placenta means cake,
because like many Latin anatomical terms,
it is descriptive in that it is describing something that looks like something else,
in this case, a cake.
So at your first emergence into the world, it too pops out,
and, well, happy birthday.
How to recycle the placenta?
The best way is either to recycle it through one's self,
like the overenthusiastic hippies I mentioned,
or to let it go back to the garden, to the ground.
At least give some little measure back before you begin a lifelong career
of looting, plundering, and raping our diminishing natural resources.
Every baby means a diminution of everything that is here for them,
and every time you're in a grocery store and see shelf after shelf
of solvents, detergents, and other things like that,
know that all of that, multiplied by a thousand, thousand, thousand,
will end up in the environment, if not yours,
in those of your struggling, desperate descendants.
How inspiring.
Oh, well, you know, I call them as I see them.
Here's something I've wondered about myself.
Is it okay to refer to a movie as a film if it wasn't recorded on actual film?
For instance, digitally recorded.
I feel a little bit of queasiness about talking about films
when I'm also attempting to review things which were digitally created,
if I happen to be involved in an enterprise of sending descriptions
of film to help some friend or other.
But on the other hand, you're not supposed to use the same word over and over.
Movie, movie, movie.
Then you look for alternate words.
Entertainment, production.
One I always liked to write was programmer,
except that editors don't know the word and so they change it to program.
But film, I think, is accepted.
Accepted because we know what we're talking about.
When it sounds utterly weird and they come up with something new,
that word may die away in the eternal caesurus of word formation, recognition, and deletion.
Like the seas that eternally lap the waters of the world,
they come in and they go out.
And it's all a matter of fashion.
And here, Dr. Howe,
is the final question for the Ask Dr. Howe Show.
Very well, I shall stand the push of your final question.
If a bear shits in the woods and no one is there to smell it,
does it make a stink?
Now there's parenthetically,
the bear has a bad head cold and cannot smell itself.
Well, in potential, it does.
Because even though the leavings, the fumits described in this question,
will crust over like all such organic leavings,
the interior will be liquefied.
And there will be no appreciable odor,
except for the millions of small creatures who come to get it,
because for them it represents a feast,
or the unlucky and unwilling hiker who accidentally steps on it,
thus bringing some of the inside into contact with the atmosphere of the outside.
Then the bear will indeed have left a signature which shows nature,
if not necessarily red in tooth and claw,
exuberantly willing to express itself in all dimensions.
Praise Dr. Howe.
This has been another Ask Dr. Howe live at Wisteria at Caffeinews.com.
Dr. Howe, what about the closing poem? Should I do that?
Dr. Yeah, and here is, you can do a $16 worth of a poem.
Dr. Well, that's good.
Dr. Because that's...
Dr. The problem is I do these poems when I do the shows,
and I wouldn't want to repeat myself.
Did I do Dylan Thomas last time?
Or did I? Do you remember?
Dr. Which, what would it have been about?
Dr. The poem Lament, did I do that one?
Dr. I don't know, I always fall asleep.
Dr. Well, I'll do it, and you can have a nice nap.
Dr. Should I pull the music down?
Dr. I can't hear it anyway, but maybe you should.
Dr. Yeah, I will.
Dr. All right, I apologize to anybody who may have heard me do this poem before.
Some repetition is possible.
Lament by Dylan Thomas.
When I was a windy boy and a bit,
and the black spit of the chapel fold,
sighed the old ramrod dying of women,
I tiptoed shy in the gooseberry wood.
The rude owl cried like a tell-tale tit.
I skipped in a blush as the big girls rolled nine pin down on the donkey's common.
And on seesaw Sunday nights,
I wooed whoever I would with my wicked eyes.
The hall of the moon,
I would love and leave all the green-leaved little weddings' wives
in the coal-black bush,
and let them grieve.
When I was a gusty man and a half,
and the black cross of the holy house,
sighed the old ramrod dying of bitches.
Not a boy and a bit by the wick-dipping moon,
but drunk as a new-dropped calf,
I whistled all night in the twisted flues.
Midwives grew in the midnight ditches,
and the sizzling beds of the town cried,
quick, whenever I danced in a breast-high shawl.
Wherever I ramped in the clover quilts,
whatsoever I did in the coal-black night,
I left my quivering prints.
When I was a man,
you could call a man,
and the black cross of the holy house,
sighed the old ramrod dying of welcome,
brandy and ripe in my bright bass prime.
No spring-tailed tom in the red-hot town,
with every simmering woman his mouse,
but a hillocky bull in the swelter of the hill,
and a bull of summer,
come in his great good time
to the sultry-biting herds, I said.
Oh, time enough when the blood creeps cold,
and I lie down but to sleep in bed
for my sulking, skulking coal-black soul.
When I was a half of the man I was,
and served me right,
as the preachers warn,
sighed the old ramrod dying of downfall.
No flailing calf or cat in a flame,
or hickory bull in milky grass,
but a black sheep with a crumpled horn.
At last the soul from its foul mouse-hole
slung pouting out when the limp time came,
and I gave my soul a blind-slashed eye,
gristle and rind an aurora's life,
and I shoved it into the coal-black sky
to find a woman's soul for a wife.
Now I am a man, no more, no more,
and a black reward for aurora's life,
sighed the old ramrod dying of strangers.
Tidy and cursed in my dove-cooed room,
I lie down thin and hear the good bell's jaw,
for, oh, my soul found a Sunday wife
in the coal-black sky,
and she bore angels,
harpies around me out of her womb.
Chastity prays for me, piety sings,
innocence sweetens my last black breath,
modesty hides my thighs in her wings,
and all the deadly virtues,
plague my death.
Thank you.
Please stick around for the Bulldada auction,
the coveted Bobby Awards,
and all sorts of wonderful things which will happen in this space.
I think we need Stang to get that happening, but...
Well, we've finished Ask Dr. Hal, Ivan Stang,
so now I suppose...
You're most welcome.
A round of applause for Reverend Peter.
May his injured foot heal soon
from where it was bitten by the serpent of evil.
And there's the theme music from the serpent of evil right now.
From PR News in Washington,
I'm getting vaccinations and medications
for deadly childhood roadside bombs.
Many health clinics can cause PR news.
That's because of a heavy blanket of face masks and sponges.
Conservationists say one of the world's last remaining Northern Whites has died.
The 34-year-old was the first Northern White to be born in captivity,
and he was one of only two breeding males in the world.
Northern Whites can live up to 50 years.
The BBBBC reports...
According to the South Korean military,
North Korean troops returned South Korean troops.
Just over a week ago, two military troops returned Korean troops.
It's not clear by either side.
The BBBBC...
44 to 411, and there will be fewer mandatory 12s,
but lately 40% PR news.
Meanwhile, a Liberian health official says there are no confirmed new cases of PR news in Washington.
The South Korean military has been working on a new case of PR news.
If you walk around up here long enough,
you start thinking there must be more.
Why aren't there more?
It's a fool idea, of course,
but it got me to wondering why there aren't any at all.
I never could find an answer to that one.
Have another drink.
You killed him.
I can give you some liniment, but I'm afraid it won't do much good.
But wait a minute.
Ask him. Go talk to him.
Okay.
Hello there.
Well, hello.
Hello.
Morning, Antonella.
Hello. How are you?
Well, I hear you've been working for Moss Grumming for the last couple of days.
And you can't stop me.
Not till it's too late.
I think you ought to forget about it.
Forget about it?
Why?
What's the matter with it?
Come on.
Thanks a lot.
You've been listening to the subgenius.
Subgenius.
Radio ministry.
Hour of Slack.
For free information, write to P.O.
Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118 or see www.subgenius.com.
Praise Bob.
Bye.
Good night.
See you tomorrow.


Check out John Mitchell's about




