Praise Phil!
Next.
Well friends, it's true. Robert Wisdom probably has the best musical taste of anybody at this whole station.
But unfortunately for all of you, he's leaving and I'm coming in.
I'm going to say more about that Caravan of Dreams thing too.
That's going to open with a short subgenius devival.
Dear friends, yes indeed.
I need to stick my headphones.
This coming up, just to make a break here from the quality stuff.
This is the worst song in the world I suspect.
Maybe not, you know, there may be worse.
But, ah yes.
So where'd it go?
Why don't I hear it?
Tape.
Look at this.
Well, folks, I'm sorry.
I just don't know what the...
Oh, look at that.
We turn up the output.
And we're stepping up.
Oh my gosh.
Oh my gosh.

Oh my gosh.
Oh my gosh.
Oh my gosh.
Oh my gosh.
Oh my gosh.
Oh my gosh.
Oh my gosh.
Yeah.
Oh my gosh.
Oh my gosh.
Oh my gracias!

Oh maやって.
Oh ma lo que sé.
all'am ocean 및
о
And if it's your time, then the show must go on, baby. Come with me and you will see. We are stepping high. What is the name of our show?
We are stepping high.
We are stepping high.
FM in Dallas, Arlington, Fort Worth.
I couldn't believe I was in Fort Worth earlier today and could hear the station on my cheesy car radio.
That was an inspiring thing to discover.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
This is another one of those slackless hours of slack.
That job, that job just won't stop.
They never stop, friends.
Oh, yes.
But the power can come for one hour a week.
And, yeah, as I said, just signing off last week, folks.
We were lying about not making any money on that pledge drive.
We actually did really well.
I couldn't believe it.
We raised about a thousand bucks.
And I want every, those of you who pledged had better make good on that thing.
Buddy, I'm telling you.
Because.
Last time they didn't.
Tonight's show is going to be a puzzling evidence show, folks.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
And yes, indeed, we had some incredible fallout from that last show, that Pledge Drive show.
I know many of you are waiting to hear what happened with my date with the $200 sex change pledger.
It didn't happen.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
It didn't happen.
There was no way it was going to happen.
And I don't think we ever did see that mighty $200 pledge.
So maybe we didn't really make it out.
But we did really good.
And thank you, the money-paying listeners out there.
Oh, yes.
And, boy, we had a hate caller that kept calling all night long.
He refused to turn his radio off.
He just had to listen to that which he hated the most.
And, of course, we had those that loved us.
And, in fact, one guy, last week, we actually had to tell him not to give us any money
because he was drunk as can be and wanted to give the station,
because he loved the Hour of Slack so much that night,
he wanted to give us all.
All his worldly goods, all the money in his checkbook.
Praise Bob.
And we talked him out of it.
Can you believe it?
I don't know what came over us.
It was kind of embarrassing, too, because the station manager walked by right in time
to hear Dr. Grant say, no, don't send any money here.
We had a caller who got really upset about playing Lee Harvey Oswald
was a friend of mine by Homer Henderson and the Dal Worthington Garden Boys.
And, see, it's not that we think it's great.
It's not that we think it's great that Kennedy got shot,
although even if we did, it's none of your bizwax.
It's just that we don't think Oswald did it.
But we'll be getting deeper into that subject a little later,
because, as I said, it's the Puzzling Evidence Night.
But, dear friends,
oh, listen to those alien computers chanting,
hammering at each other.
How insipidly stupid.
Well, I can talk.
We've got a subgenius devival coming up, a short one,
at the Caravan of Dreams.
And it's really what it is, is me opening up,
doing an opening sermon and invocation
and healing and sickening ceremony
to open up this Caravan of Dreams performance art show,
if you can imagine.
Oh, we can't have our own church here.
Nay, we've got to have, they have to call it,
quote, performance art, unquote.
But that's this Friday night
at the Caravan of Dreams in Fort Worth.
And I can talk about this,
because even though it costs six bucks to get in,
I'm giving my money, my pay,
all six or seven bucks,
as a donation to KNOA.
And so there's going to be a lot,
I don't see who all, John Hale, a bunch of,
there'd be some weird stuff going on.
But the first, first right off the bat,
eight o'clock at the Caravan of Dreams this Friday night,
Caravan of Dreams in Fort Worth on 312 Houston Street,
right off of I-30.
We're going to start the thing off with a subgenius devival.
It ought to be a pretty good one,
folks, because I'm going to,
I'm going to haul down there the giant six foot bob heads.
And for those few of you who've never actually dazed upon
the mighty visage of our guru,
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Praise Bob, praise Bob, praise Bob.
This will be your chance, folks, your big chance.
So not only that.
I went to a very strange place.
It's called the inner zone in outer space.
When I climbed out of my golden spaceship,
I saw many things that would make you flip.
And you'll be seeing many things that will make you flip.
Besides the subgenius half hour,
I mean, we're going to show the subgenius video,
the first 10 minutes of it.
That's two subgenius music video, folks.
The X-rated rap song.
And also, well,
something some of you will be might familiar with.
Also, following the revival is this.
And this is for real folks.
J condom or J cotton,
depending on what church you go to J cotton and also the song gods.
That's right.
The song gods themselves will play following the subgenius show at this caravan of dreams things.
Also, the show continues on Saturday night.
Now, I'm not going to be there Saturday night,
and I don't believe the song gods are either.
But the producer of the show,
Laney Yarber,
is going to,
she's doing something like it's like the Candace Montgomery story.
She was the lady who ax murdered her or her husband's girlfriend a few years back.
And I understand the show involves.
It's a very high tech section.
The Candace Montgomery story,
including a washing machine full of body parts.
And I was really glad that this was just another silly dream I've had.
So friends,
you better you better show up at that thing.
Like I said,
it's eight o'clock Friday night at the caravan of dreams.
That's the that's the hippie,
the sort of hippie underground avant garde.
Yeah.
And it's a little bit of a weird performance theater.
You know,
they show William Burroughs movies and all kinds of weird stuff over there.
It's a it's a groovy hangout for you kind of beatnik types.
So the song gods and the subgeniuses and it's going to be a killer show.
Well, we're going to get on,
get on here with things.
I forgot to go pick up my co-host this season.
I'm going to go pick up my co-host.
I'm going to go pick up my co-host.

I turned on the Pee Wee Herman Saturday morning show the other day,
and Bob's face is in the titles of that show.
Not only that,
but I want you to listen to this song coming up here and see if you can count the subgenius references in this song by this popular quote,
new wave,
unquote group.
New wave.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
core' how we speak.
Doug Day hold it right here.
Doug Day hold it right here.

And and.
Sir.
Huh. If somebody else wants to sink their money into that, that's fine with me.
I don't want to have another Edstock happen here.
I'll tell you what, though, dear friends, that song that I just played,
and normally we don't play stuff like Talking Heads at all the other stations play,
or not on this show that frequently, but that particular song,
and I've got to tell the true story behind that,
because otherwise the credit will get misplaced,
and people will think that we were copying Talking Heads rather than vice versa.
Puzzling evidence, as all of you diehards know,
is the secret name of a great subgenius hierarchite in Oakland, California,
whose other code name is Unibrow,
and he's like one of the main hosts and the granddaddy of subgenius taping.
He's also the host of the Less Than an Hour More Than a...
No, Less Than an Hour...
Less Than an Hour More Than an Hour anti-show,
which has been running for like four years in Berkeley now.
Subgenius show.
And so I'm going to...
Just because puzzling evidence has gotten more and more puzzling,
we're going to devote this hour to bits from his tapes and from the shows
that he and the mighty radio doctors over there do.
Ah, ha-ha, I just killed that noise with one press.
I just killed that noise with one press of a button.
Uh...
I can't talk without background music.
This is ridiculous.
Ah, yes, dear friends, I feel the power.
I want you to put your gland on the radio and feel that energy
burst up through them wires, up through the flesh tubes,
and into your... into the soul gland at the bottom of your foot.
Ah, yes.
Anyway, yeah, you know, as many of you know,
David Byrne came to Dallas to shoot his movie True Stories.
Now, originally, oh, it was...
There was this whole subgenius revival scene in it.
Well, it wasn't subgenius by name,
but it was based on...
more or less on subgenius shows.
And originally, I was going to...
I was supposed to do an animation sequence
that's shown in the...
background of this revival.
And the Pope of all New York,
Reverend Dr. Dr. Mr. M.D. David N. Meyer,
was supposed to play the preacher.
Well, that was all going well and good
until Hollywood money entered the scene,
and slowly but surely, it fell by the wayside,
except for all the lines and the scripts and the songs.
A few little things cribbed from the mighty book
of the subgenius,
which is no big deal.
Because we've used...
There are quotes from Talking Heads songs
in the book of the subgenius,
but I didn't know they were from Talking Heads.
I didn't know where they were from.
Anyway, I just wanted to get...
You know, I'm...
As Bob said, I am the gun and you are the bullet,
dear friends.
So be ready at any minute
to ram into those who don't give you credit.
Anyway.
I'm not going to ram into you.
Anyway, we're going to get off of this.
I'm going to do a cart here.
You can tell this is one of the highly edited subgenius shows yet,
but it's about to turn into it.
After this cart, we're going to go into
the land of the puzzling evidence show.
It's not just puzzling evidence.
It's the radio show in Berkeley,
which also stars Dr. Howell,
the evil and verbose Dr. Howell,
the crazy Gary Gabrog-Fran,
and the suckling Bob Nelson,
as well as...
Oh, there's so many of these minor celebrities
and giants of the art world,
I could...
But forget it.
Everybody, this is the Nightman calling from KNON 90.9 FM,
the home of rock and roll in Dallas-Fort Worth.
Monday, 7 to 9 p.m.,
we've got Kelly and Elmo bringing you From the Hip.
If you're in Dallas-Fort Worth
and you dig rock and roll music,
alternative rock and roll music,
there's only one place for you to tune to,
and that's KNON 90.9 FM,
the hottest station on the planet Earth.
Right here in Dallas-Fort Worth.
The hottest station on the planet Earth.
Yeah.
All right, here's...
Now, get ready for some...
This is the kind of radio that you've never...
I don't know.
I mean, if you tuned in tonight to listen to music,
you might as well just shut it off, friends,
because this is spoken word
that you're going to have to listen to real close.
You're going to be in a different universe
every 10 seconds.
For the next...
20 minutes, all right?
And, I mean, this is...
You thought you knew what surrealism was.
You thought you knew what Dada was.
You thought you knew what...
what Bob is.
Sometimes his normal size,
he runs around from radio station to radio station
trying to show you what it is
to talk about the tilting boxcar of Dobbs.
Bob is the real thing.
He came to re-fertilize your sexual preconceptions
to make us all relieve our reincarnality
in the million polyverse combinations we once enjoyed.
Sure, this church drips with machismo irony
with insanely overblown cahones.
This religion isn't for the amalgamation of the sexes,
but it sure is as hell for the divine union of them.
He's Bob.
Bob don't ever change.
He's Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.






He'll be Bob.
Whenever he lets...
Oh, that Bob is the same.
He's Bob.
Bob.
Working on the sub-D railroad.
Bob don't ever change.
I've got a hammer down to silver.
He's Bob.
Oh, it's tough hammering these pipes.
Oh, it will be Bob.
His pipe is the bowl with the doddle
that rains on the roof like fire.
Oh, hammer these pipes in the ground.
His neck is...
His skin with the waddle
inflaming folks' desire.
He's Bob.
How you learn to sing so good out here?
Just hammering pipes in the ground all day.
Don't make no sense.
Bob don't ever change.
He's Bob.
And he's got luggage with a brain.
Yes, luggage with a brain.
That's what Bob's got.
I first had my experience with Bob at a Bob's Big Boy
on the corner of...
Bellevue Drive in Los Angeles, California in 1959.
It changed my life and I became able to open my third nostril
and snort the divine wisdom of the sub-genius.
Every morning before breakfast,
I find it helpful to go into my sternutician room,
as we call them, and sniff up...
Yes, violent sternutician may be...
Named after the famous sternio?
Well, yes, the famous sternio does practice sternutician,
as does everyone who possesses...
...a simple accoutrement of a handkerchief...
...and a head full of ideas that need to be relieved...
...blasted out as it might be.
Subdivide the box brain.
Oh, Bob, with your square little gray brain.
How do you use that thing?
It's hooked up all wrong.
Oh, Bob, what about this rumor that your pipe is a living organism?
Yes, that has invaded your brain and made everything all wrong.
Yeah, what about that Bob grinning malarkey turkey flunky...
What about them aliens, as you say, or us aliens?
We're not aliens.
How about it, Bob?
And who's this anti-Bob?
Some relation of yours?
Some nepotistic cousin on the payroll?
We dare to question our supreme epopt, Bob, because we have the freedom within the Church
of the Subgenius to question even the basic verities, like whether or not there is a Mokele
Mbembe, whether it's frog-like bellow does echo over the South American or even the African
swamps.
Swamp?
Swamps.
Swamps.
Yes, yes, swamps.
Right now, Glass Madness is in that swamp.
Yes, he's gone down to visit Green Hill.
They say the Mokele Mbembe lives in Lake Ukabalabonga, which is only four feet deep,
but...



The creature of our consider...
Bala.

No, Ukabalabonga.
All that rubbish.
These people are eating rubbish.
Let's just keep walking.
That's not stopping us.
Look at the book of Huckabug.
It's a tiny little book.
Oh, yes.
It looks like it's time to go.
Buy the book of the Subgenius from me.
I feel like I'm just screaming.
Yeah, man.
Gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta get a job!
Get a job!
Get a job!
Gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta get a job!
Get out of work!
Say something cool!
I'm in a tank in the Navy!
I got a job!



Yes, I got a job!


You got it!
Daddy!
America is coming!
Yeah, sure.
Well, we'll find out.
Good morning, Safe Muffin.
Hi there.
I was just wondering if you could tell me
what those occasional extremely low rumbling sounds
that almost sound like acoustic feedback
coming to my speakers are.
And then it happened.
Affection.
Oh, no!
Look, it's happening!
And he should dabble in his coffee.
Okay, turn down your phone and turn up your mind.
Take off your...
Okay, here we go.
Got it.
Dead center.
Well, we're tuning in on you right now.
And there, we're centered.
Oh, okay, we're on lockup.
I die now, my son.
But someday, there will be a man
with something in his mouth from which smoke comes
like the fire on the sacred mountain.
I am weak.
My...
My dear son.
But I tell you that this man will be named...
Yes, this early misinterpretation of prehistory
predicted the coming of Marlboro Man as a leader in the future.
Marlboro Man operated with these crude stone implements
to pound the tobacco and roll the papers,
which gave his caves and habitations this distinctive odor.
Okay, I suppose that explains it.
Thank you.
Thank you.
It's a lot like talking to any tape.
I know it's difficult because I haven't ever called up a radio station before
and talked to just a dumb old tape.
And here it is, an eight-track tape answering yes.
But you can't believe you're talking to an intelligent machine.
I know.
This is your future.
Your phones will act like us very soon.
Bob will massage men.
776-2438.
Okay, Bob.
Is that your Bob?
That's right.
Yeah.
Not to mention the...
Weasel men.
Yes, they're little teeny ones that came over the sands early in the morning without food.
They stole away the picnic baskets and the babies.
They stole away the picnic baskets and the babies.
Don't say babies.
Oh, oops.
Don't we say babies?
Oh, no.
Oh, I...
We're giving a mouth-to-mouth perspiration right now.
Hold on a second here.
It's your turn.
Oh, man.
Wait.
Wait.
There's a kitty here somewhere.
We're trying to find a kitty.
Next time.
Yes, it's...
You mean that this is one of their May Day and Gardy shows?
No.
I'll tell you what.
We all know this is great.
Hey, look at him.
Hey, what?
We can make him do anything.
We can make him just...
Hey, no, stay.
Hey, then look.
Don't make me do anything.
Yes, of course.
It's just a little too much to swallow, I think.
All radio is dead.
And now the horrible memories are starting to come back.
Oh, the horror, the horror.
The terrible war.
All radio is dead.
Oh, my God.
She still snapped at turntable three, and I'm afraid it's not going to get any better.
Little Dr. Prunto.
Many people talk about Bob, but Bob is not human.
Bob is a complicated robot.
But the music always made me real sad.
It was just the Tijuana Bible quotes and all that stuff piled up in my soul.
Not to mention the Tijuana Bible.
Soon I felt guilty about what happened to Herb Albert.
You can't even talk anymore.
They just put Helen, this old speaker's home, I think, or something.
Ask about it, yes.
Give it to me.
Ask about money.
Ask about money.
Yes, Little Hal had grown larger, stupider and older.
And he thought he was on the show.
Yes, we'd say, here, here's a microphone and here's some headphones.
And say something funny.
And Little Hal would come out, and he'd jibber and jabber.
And we'd take the tape.
We wouldn't play that stuff on KPFA.
No, we wouldn't do that.
No.
We'd talk about funny stuff.
Only Little Hal in his deranged state would try to do the charge of the light brigade in pig Latin.
Yeah, these auditions can be time-consuming, but necessary.
What are what like?
I think the problem is that we're getting a little off the beat track now.
The caller is singing.
He doesn't have a body.
He doesn't have a body.
He doesn't have a body.

The bottom line that we're here to talk about, which is, of course, the puzzling evidence
that we present the public with.
The right hand picture shows men of the Nunu Stone Age.
Nunu Stone Age.
Yes, here we are in the Nunu Stone Age.
Yes, I think we should talk more about the Nunu Stone Age and not be distracted by these
tiny callers.
Yes, in the Nunu Age, everybody's going to feel a little bit hinky.
They're not.
They're not.
He's not.
That's to the difference that one...
Are you interested in the strange and the unusual?
Are you curious by the baffling and the bizarre?
If so, you will tune in Thursdays at midnight until 2 a.m. for Radio Soiree.
Allow me to introduce myself.
I am the Martian Neon Creature, your masterful controller for those two hours for which you cannot escape.
And you will listen to Radio Soiree Thursdays at midnight until 2 a.m.
Or come under the sudden threat of instant vaporization.
You have been warned.
Woo!
Help me, somebody.
She ain't got no legs.
My legs are on fire.
Pull the lever.
Down you go.
Phase five.
UPS.
Workers find 12 human heads in package.
United Parcel Service employees discovered 12 human heads when they opened a package because it was leaking.
And the FBI is investigating whether any laws were broken.
This newspaper clip was sent in to us, I'm sure, in reference to the...
bleeding head of the World Cup golfer split-off schism cult that split off the Church of the Subgenius in Little Rock, Arkansas.
Anyway, a doctor in Philadelphia said he shipped the heads to a medical training facility in Colorado.
But the county coroner thinks the physician should find another method of shipment.
We don't think that personnel of carriers such as UPS should be subjected to having to handle body parts such as heads
without being able to handle the heads.
Without being assured they're protected from any type of infectious disease in the handling of these body parts.
These UPS workers were, quote, upset and discomforted by the fact that they'd found these human heads.
So, you know, any agency in this country that encounters a dead body or parts of dead bodies that they can't account for
ought to notify the coroner's office, folks.
We've got to identify these things to make sure somebody's not killing somebody.
So, somebody out there, you better be careful.
Speaking of killing somebody, another important piece of puzzling evidence,
not only important to Dr. Howell and Gary Gebrogfran and puzzling evidence there in Oakland,
but also to all of us here in Dallas, is, of course, the Kennedy performance art piece that was done in Dealey Plaza
oh, so many years ago.
And, well, you know, it's just...
In time, can you believe that one man alone could assassinate John Kennedy?
Three leagues ahead.
Look out!
Now, turn on the TV.
Let's relax, Doug.
Thanks for the Dallas magazines about John Kennedy's death.
The fact is, he's not dead yet.
So let's just watch TV, shall we?
The memory banks are discovering...
Makes me feel relaxed.
The memory banks are discovering...
Each one calling out at the top of his voice,
The tyrant is dead!
The tyrant is dead!
Throw off your chains!
Throw off your shackles!
The world is free!
Now you have liberty!
Now the future is yours!
You are now free men!
The tyrant is dead!
Go to the Capitol building!
The great Brutus will tell you all about it!
Well, the people were dumbfounded.
It was much as though someone were suddenly to announce that, uh,
Jack Kennedy's best friend had just...
stabbed him.
Ah!
No, no, no.
No!
No!


No!
There is an underlying tension here in Dallas.
It's not something you can put your hand on,
you can see or touch,
but it is here.
Let the newsmen feel it.
They hesitate to leave the press room here in the city hall,
or even a moment,
because it's there.
And I'm terrified.
I don't enjoy feeling temporary.
And for many of you,
following comments like this,
and even sense safety precautions,
could mean the difference between the vacation of your life,
and the last vacation of your life.
For maximum protection, all doors and windows should be part of the alarm system.
And LBJ said,
let us continue.
And they continued.
The evening and the morning were the first day.
And LBJ said,
let us make war on poverty.
And lo,
there were words in the news,
and welfare checks fallen upon the land.
And upon them it was writ,
fold not,
neither shall ye spindle,
nor mutilate.
And LBJ saw that it was good.
Very strange happenings, you know?
And, uh,
if there'd been something legitimate there,
and I could have seen exactly what was going on,
I guess I really would have done my best.
But, uh, there wasn't nothing I could do, you know?
I can't understand, you know?
You're on my side.
Well, anyway, the point is, is that, however,
a lot of the kinds of things that people have brought up about the Warren Commission,
and about the Kennedy assassination,
have sort of gotten tilted off into this area,
the area of the fringe participants.
And as we stated at the earlier part of the show,
and as we're going to prove conclusively next week,
um, the fringe has very little to do with it,
although, as with any event of any magnitude,
fringe groups are, become attracted to it.
And I don't know anything about Mr. Thornley,
other than what we've talked about here,
but, uh, fringe groups certainly are attracted to events of this magnitude.
However, as we stated before at the beginning of the show,
you either believe in the Warren Commission,
or you believe in the laws of physics,
and there are no, uh, two sides to that particular street.
It is strictly a one-way voyage.
Anyway, so I hope that we can put the Church of the Subgenius to bed with that.
In fact, why don't we formally do it?
I'll, I'll, I'll stay right here.
If you want to talk about the Church of the Subgenius,
call up Bob Nelson and talk to him about it.
Don't bother us with that nonsense anymore.
Call the Church of the Subgenius.
Anyway, back to the phones.
Yeah, call the Church of the Subgenius.
No way, friend.
You know, assassination is a, a big part of,
of, uh, of our government, really.
And, uh, you know, the, the, the Church is a patriotic group.
This is, uh, you know, the, I got a call from somebody earlier,
it said, Reverend Stang, we were worried hearing you play talking heads.
We thought maybe you were really selling ads.
We thought you were really selling out.
Well, I'm gonna, I'm gonna play another, uh, ex-pop group,
and that's, uh, Devo.
But I can because, because they're, they're dues-paying members
of the Church of the Subgenius, friends.
So, I, I just lost the bread and butter.
Devo knew what the hell we were complicated with,
and he got disqualified.
See, so allegedly, there's just no dragging it out,
you know, you have to хотm Uneaspcıین,
lost in a.'s rule.
But ultimately, I got my money,
my
on me.
And then, The ICSرك not only 이거는
in I, uh, the CIS circles,

I do a super show.
Big mess, he was all mixed up.
And a big mess, big mess, he was a...
He was really mixed up.
He was a big mess, big mess, he was a...
He was really mixed up.
I won't care my M, this true reality.
The most important thing, I put away my toys.
Do my microphone, I do a super show.
I'll announce the winner on the radio.
I'm a man with a mission.
A boy with a gun.
I got a picture in my pocket of the lucky one.
Who doesn't know?
I'm a big mess.
I mean a really big mess.
A big, big mess, he was all mixed up.
And a big mess.
Big mess, he was a...
He was really mixed up.
He was a big mess.
Big mess, he was a...
He was really mixed up.
I'm a man with a mission.
A boy with a gun.
I got a picture in my pocket of the lucky one.
Who doesn't know?
I'm a big mess.
I mean a really big mess.
A big, big mess, he was all mixed up.
And a...
Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes.
You know, it only takes one vote to put somebody out of office these days.
As long as that vote is coated in lead.
Not that we recommend that you vote that way.
But, you know, I have a feeling that some of our most respected citizens have arranged that very thing.
And doesn't that bless your heart?
Well, you know, since we've been...
You know, we've been name-dropping like crazy on this show tonight.
And that's okay because...
And the Church of the Subgenius recruits celebrities because we need money.
And people...
You know, nowadays, so many people, they can't take anything at face value.
They can't believe that it could be good because they themselves think it good.
Oh, no, no.
They've got to have somebody on television or on their...
Their demonic back-masked records tell them that it's good.
You know?
Just ask John Lennon or any other assassinated rock stars.
They'll tell you the same thing, baby.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Oh, yes, that beautiful...
Oh, yes, that beautiful...
Oh, yes, that beautiful...
Oh, yes, that beautiful...
It was all mixed up, friends.
It's a problem these days.
Businesses, don't forget the K&ON Scrapbook.
You can support K&ON and attract new customers to your business by advertising in our K&ON Scrapbook.
20,000 copies of each issue are distributed throughout town
and sent to all K&ON supporters to find out about our reasonable rates.
And to place your ad, call Phyllis Arp at K&ON 828-9500.
And I'm going to make sure tomorrow that there's some of those things down at the studios at Las Colinas
so that people can pick them up in the lunchroom there.
Well, that was...
Yes, Reverend Chris...
There's...
And here it said hi.
Yeah.
Chris, Dr. Hair Dr. Gross tells us more and more.
But, you know...
You know...












There's just a couple of things.





When Carol delivered the finished tape,
the Sweeneys discovered that following the wedding sequence
was 70 minutes of Carol nude playing with himself.
He had mistakenly taped the wedding over a personal tape.
So those of you people who videotape weddings out there,
which I've had to do in the past,
just be careful now.
Also, these little news,
items here. I'm going to get through back to puzzling evidence pretty quick here, but these
are very interesting. It's from a little newsletter called View from the Ledge, which for those of you
taping, write for information from P.O. Box 57141 Washington, D.C. 20037. 200,000 used bras were
blessed in Tokyo when Buddhist priests used the brassieres in a temple memorial service for cast
off underwear in Tokyo. The abandoned bras were heaped in a big pyramid for blessing in pouring
rain outside the main doors of the wooden temple in the center of Tokyo. South Burlington, Vermont.
Police yesterday had no idea who stole a life-size big boy statue from its display at a hamburger
restaurant, shot it in the head, and dumped it in some nearby woods. And this Captain Ray McGee
found the 50-year-old big boy covered in brown.
He had been shot in the head, right in the ear. Is there no respect, friends, is nothing sacred.
Here's some items that, based on articles in various medical journals, the following items
have been recovered from the rectums of patients. A live, shaved, declawed gerbil. A bottle of Mrs.
Butterworth's syrup. An axe handle. A nine-inch zucchini. Now these are all things that have been
extracted from the restaurant. These are all things that have been recovered from the rectums of patients.
Extracted from people's bodies, friends, from a certain specific place. A 14-inch vibrator with
two D-cell batteries. A plastic spatula. A Coke bottle. An 11-inch carrot and antenna rod. A 150-watt
light bulb. Let's get down to the good ones. This goes on. A frozen pig's tail. A plastic toothbrush
package. A 10-inch length of broomstick. An 18-inch umbrella handle. Two-inch toothbrushes. A 10-inch
glass bottle. Two Vaseline jars. A whiskey bottle with a cord attached. An oil can. A six-by-five-inch
toolbox. A baby powder can. A test tube. A peanut butter jar. A pair of eyeglasses. Tumblers and
glasses. A polyurethane waste trap from the U-bend of a sink. And a corborundum grinder with handle.
Friends, these medical facts are just amazing. And here's one quote from President
Russell.
Reagan on psychics. Quote, I've found it difficult to write them off entirely. The scriptures say
there will be such people. Speaking of psychics. And the 1950s actress Jackie Park said that Reagan
was the, in bed, was the worst he had ever had. Mechanical. The worst. The worst. Unquote.
Well, well. Okay, back to puzzling evidence, folks. This is it.
I've been telling you.
No, it's not.
Weird.
Oh, God.
Where's the, where's all the assistants? Where's all the zombies? Huh?
So what if your hair falls on a great climb, sir? Perhaps your nose falls off onto your feet.
Calling Bob Dobbs. Calling Mr. Dobbs.
This is him.
Bob, is that you?
Yeah.
What the hell's going on?
Nothing like a little togetherness to take care of this scrambled shell structure of mine.
What can we just redo about it in the 80s?
So this is the scrambled shell structure. This is the show that, until this point, has not led to any new conclusion.
Try to define what exactly you've been seeing from your vantage post out there on the ship.
Well, it looks pretty, looks pretty terrible out here.
I'm still trying to get a hold of Werner Klempel. Where is he anyway?
There's some guy out here in a half-melted phone booth trying to dial desperately for old friends long dead.
Oh, that's the DJ whose show this normally is.
You can see some of his skin's been blasted away there in the air.



He's wearing a polyester shirt he was so proud of only a few minutes before his skin completely melted around his chest.
Hey, who is this?
I've got you right under my armpit.
Oh, my.
His mind has snapped. Use scopolamine if this show makes you dizzy.
Right.
Don't use those other pills.
I rubbed the small...
Thank you for the inspiration you've given me.
You're welcome.
You're the greatest star of all.
I don't care how much money you make, Tobin. I won't listen to this fucking music.
Oh, no, no, no.
He was completely surrounded by a bevy of 14-year-old girls all dressed up in Brady Bunches.
Brady Bunch outfits.
Yeah.
Actually, I just couldn't believe a guy like him would be able to attract such a crowd
of willing TV females.
But there they are, drinking that TV water and hanging out with a little neat-n-cow.
It takes about a month to get a car.
Yes.
I know what'll bring him back.
Guess hell, we're in serious trouble now.
It was time for the doctors.
Oh, no.
And they were operating tonight.
Yeah, new patients coming in every hour.




Oh, here comes a asthmatic.
Let's cut out his lungs.
Oh, here comes a heart patient.
Let's cut out his heart.
Hand me that scalp.
It's the doctors.
Oh, watch out.
This is the film that was supposed to be run right as the bomb was happening.
This is a very pleasing film and calming.
You can see here that...
Yes, they call this one the sex bomb, and it itself was responsible for much of the
dismay we've seen this evening.
Never mind.
Skip from your porch.
I knew they would've said, plus green, gray bones.
The sub-tay back and sub-tay away, but it just makes it two halves of my brain.
Right.
Welcome to Dr. Ranch.
Yes.
What about he will stop there, and I'll just cut out that fibrostic tumor.
Here goes.
This is pretty amazing here.
Bring me that sigmoidoscope.
I want, I want to take a look.
You know where.
This is sigmoid colon and his brother, the descending semicolon.
The elevator operator adds sisters of mercy, tears of Our Lady of Sorrows Hospital.
What's that?








Oh, ho.
Nurse, nurse, nurse, bring me another shot, please.
Got it.
Dead center.
As you can see, it's a modern, highly up-to-date facility.
Yes, and using every kind of doctor-prescribed device.
If a doctor needs it, they buy it.
This floor is the exclusive obnoxio-pirosis ward.
For three pills, chainsaws, and operations.
Let's step in, shall we?
Will the honor of a large German shepherd please come to the salt flat behind the door?
Yes, sir.




And the hospital.
Thank you.
Yes, here the doctors work in complete comfort, sometimes ignoring the patients altogether
as they operate with the newest tools.
Here's where the doctors kick back.
It's the luxury lounge in between the floors.
Yes, these are the transport...
On Vibes, you see Dr. Spiegelman, and there's Dr. Clutterhouse over there on drums.
Okay, folks, now back out onto Doctor Highway.
Wow.
Whoa.
That's right.
Flying high over Oakland.
I know.
Discovering there is a false bottom to the container, and the...
Death ship drops its load.
Death ship.
It's better than the...
Deathly bacteria over the Bay Area.
And now you see the Subjection kitchen as they cook the morning meal.
We're gonna mix up our pre-holocaust breakfast.
Because all the bacteria are dead, too.
It's all right, but it's a lot easier to cook things.
Here are the cafeteria...
No.
You just set it out, and it cooks itself.
You gave me plenty of rest.
That's the secret.
They always draw the furniture into the circle when you do that, but there's a way to get
over that circle.
Fire arrows.
Chairs and sofas with a flaming arrow.
Surrounding us.
Something was missing from Little Napa Caller's menu.
It was the tuba.
So we put it in here on the show.
If you're listening, you can put it on your sandwich and have it just the way you wanted
it there.
Ah.
Yes.
And if you have a four-channel stereo, put the tuba on the front.
Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom,
boom.
Oh, a little tiny Wotan's in the background.
It's true.
Oh, yeah.
Here we go now.
I think I'll practice that.
This is the Relax Show, so don't get too upset.
Just lay back on the bed.
And they were able, usually, to understand the flaming arrow and turn it to their own
advantage.
Then you have to think of yet another weapon.
Come on, guys.
Let him talk.
Let him talk.
Which one?
You know, I never thought atomic war would be so much fun, guys.
Well, you know, we heard about nuclear winter.
Nobody heard about nuclear toaster.
Well, I guess it's a little more fun.




We have an atomic toaster oven.
Yeah, well, you got your nuclear winter sports, and I'm going out for the downhill skiing.
Yes, here, the downhill fallout skiing.
You can see the contestants for the Olympics are...
Yes, on their flaming skis.
Whoosh, whoosh.
There they go.
It is a race towards the shelter.
The glowing tips.
Smash their face on the bottom of the run.
Of course, each contestant only can survive one run, but it is a fabulous show of final
surge of energy of humankind.
Losing their hair in the wind as they fly down.
Yes.
And still optimistic in the face of eternal darkness.
And now...
Is she a nun, by the way?
Yes.
No.
Oh, no.
None of the above, right?
No, it's just the way it is.
It's always contradictory.
I know.
Reverend Dominatrix.
Let's see her show it first.
It's cool.
Food, food monsters.
Yes, the food monsters were on the prowl through the studio, eating all the old hamburger
stubs and the leftover hot dogs.










The food monsters.
The food monsters.
Yeah, yeah, thank you.
Well, this is the last time we play this club.
They don't give you enough to eat.
Food, food monsters.
I want royalties.
I want dessert.
I want post-prandial liqueurs.
I want the best cognac and, you know, the whole shot.
Yeah, well, it's a good thing you're with us because it's fun to be the only thing keeping
somebody alive.
Really?
Yes.
We're going to be having a news feature more ways than you think.
It's called From the Brow.
So if you have a subject you'd like to talk about, you can do it.



I'm going to take the brow to speak on.
Just ask the brow.
Can I ask the brow?
As the nasal passages are cemented shut and the brain is pulled out and stored in a little
jar overnight.
Yet the patient lives.
Oh, there it goes.
Well, I dropped the jar, but the patient lives.
The patient lives.
All because of the ministrations of the Gibrofram and the special plastic implement they use
shown here.
Yes, just push the little black...
And now we'll show you that technique once again.
Dr. Gibrofram?
Yes.
We hope to welcome you all tonight to the fervid celestial spoutings of the inner
epops and clockwork workings of the church.
But this task will not be easy.
The fruits of the subgenius plant are not as cordial to the taste as others may be,
kind of mucilaginous paste.
But it's easy to become tangentially twisted along precarious paths that have nothing to
do with the straight and...

true direction of our search.
We are born with the Dobbs nature.
However, only exist technology can complete a subgenius's transfiguration into overmanhood
or overwomanliness and so far Bob has allowed this to happen to one solitary guinea pig,
his friend, Dr. Philodrummon.
Red, goddammit!
Man was born with original slack, yet most civilized people don't believe in it and they


are most learned scholars.
Well, I've studied the Saurian stage in human evolution.
As it turns out, many of our ancestors are not the primates as commonly thought, but
the theropod line of the great archosaurs of the Mesozoic.
Get him out of here.
Oh, Bohandas is approaching Tokyo.
We will have to get away from the city now.
Oh, move your karate school away from here.
It does not help.
We must keep Bohandas from approaching the science center.
Yes, I complained that I had no starter fluid and then I met a man who had no chainsaw.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.










We will have to get him out of here.
And he will be able to fight the monster and we will be able to protect the super racist
people.
We need to grow.
We need to grow.
Before the weekend.
That is what we do with our troublemakers and malcontents.
We pack them off to Monster Island where they are buggered by prisoners.
These creatures are something amazing.
You can't imagine all the little spines and projections, the scaly outer epidermis, the
rind, a wart-like sagging covering that covers the outer cuticles of these critters.
They are really a sight to see.
And when they are out there, they are really a sight to see.
And when they all get going, it's better than a party.
It's like bobbing for apples in a giant barrel of radioactive sludge.
And I only wish everyone would be...
...movie that's swept America is one entitled The Encounters of the Third Degree.
May I tell you this?
I'm not so sure what UFOs are.
I don't know if I believe them or not.
The New Zealand Air Force was on alert recently because of the UFOs appearing in the air.
So I поделил.
I don't know if you can hear theのn.
And I handle theSlan Part 1 now.
Oh, it goes down so well.
So instead, you'll have everlasting life here in Happy Town.
Where everything will be gratifying and free.
And you'll never have to say, we can't even say it here.
You cross the gates over into...
I just think of you.
That's much better.
Here in Bobtown, you'll have to pay obsequious homage to the great bearded figure, Jehovah One.
Here, holding the sky, Jehovah One presents his own history in a small slideshow that you'll be obligated to attend every day.
And friend, you'll be obligated to attend that mighty show at the Caravan of Dreams.
This Saturday night, like we were...
Or Friday night.
Friday night at 8 o'clock, Caravan of Dreams, Fort Worth, Subgenius, DeVival.
All proceeds of mine go to KNON.
And also the Song Gods.
And John Held.
Who else? I can't remember who.
Anyway, friends, if you need information on the Church of the Subgenius, here's that mighty P.O. Box to write.
Just write for the free information.
That's Bob at P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
I'm going to read that number again.
That's P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
Praise Bob.
And coming up next here is Ron Lindsey and Soul Oldie.
So stay tuned for Slack.
Slack in pure, pure form.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
