Well, we take our initiates and we string a little tendon between their heels and drag them three times around the radio station before beginning.
Then we dip them in the sacred waters of the slot.
And what exactly does this do for them?
Well, it causes them to forget everything they've learned and prepares their mind for the slate-like impression, the imprinting of the true subgenius.
Welcome, dear friends, to the subgenius hour of slot.
Slot, slot, slot.
Slot, slot, slot.
Slot, slot, slot.
Slot, slot, slot.
Slot, slot, slot.
Slot, slot, slot.
Slot, slot, slot.
Slot.
The message is now part of and registered in your subconscious mind.
Every time you say, see, hear, or think.
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
Driven to the brink of false sanity by the conspiracy's false reality and the pressure of a crumbling world?
Then this may be for you.
Eternal salvation.
Eternal salvation.
Or triple your money back.
Triple your money back.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
This is hour of slack number 1800.
Nice even number.
And, uh, well, I know I promised that this would be a new episode, but instead it's one from 1786 shows ago.
Hour of slack.
Number 14.
Lonesome Cowboy Dave is out of the hospital, finally, and living with a friend.
But now I'm the one who's laid up.
I, uh, well, I was healthy enough to get a big riding mower stuck in a little ditch.
And I was stupid enough, or, well, we prefer the term subgenius enough, and just strong enough.
To push the mower out of the ditch.
Which didn't even hurt at the time.
Despite my, uh, spinal arthritis.
However, the next day I couldn't really get out of bed hardly.
That was a week ago, and I spent most of that week all hopped up on non-prescription pain meds.
And with, uh, electro-stimulo pads on my lower back and a back brace.
And heating pads.
And warm, furry breasts.
I mean, uh, beasts piled up atop me in my bed.
And I was binging on goofy shows.
I'm fine now.
In fact, by coincidence, I recently had an annual health checkup and blood test.
And aside from my spine being 67 years old, I'm ironically in weirdly good shape.
According to the numbers.
But I still can't sit at a desk as long as a brand new show would require.
And I'm behind on other stuff, so I'm gonna cheat for one more week.
This rerun, however, is about as atypical an hour of slack as you'll ever hear.
Uh, the six-year-old co-star, by the way, is now 40.
And an actual movie director.
Probably spotting.
The Church of the Subgenius.
Bring you another 33 minutes of condensed, uraglic functions over the quality audio-visual techniques exacerbated and complicated by The Church of the Subgenius.
Copyright 1985-86.
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Oh, Dr. Sperbaum.
Folks, I'm afraid you'll have to say goodnight to the good music.
For a little while, for the next hour anyway.
This is the Subgenius Family Hour tonight, folks.
Yes, tonight, as not promised, is the Subgenius Hour of Slack sound effects special, The Kids Show.
Starring Negative Land and that great adventure team, Captain Sun-Sol.
So, it's thehu-nson and daddy.
So, go wake up your kids.
Or you can tape this thing and, uh, but if you do, uh, get it in stereo.
And use headphones.
This is the headphones show.
THE headphones show.
Uh, before I go on, God, I hope these machines work.
Um, before I go on, I must publicly thank the Smith Zombies.
There were a number of Smith Zombies in the Industrial Laboratory all night tonight.
night putting stamps on little pamphlets that are going to China this time, subgenius pamphlets.
We'll give our address at the end of the broadcast where you can write for one of these
heartbreaking and blessing new pamphlets. But, well, everybody in the subgenius church is mad
at me now, so I had to get a new co-host for the show. He's only six years old, so we had to change
the format just a little. This is the new co-host. This is KNON 90.90.N. FM. FM. In Dallas, Texas.
In Dallas, Texas. This is Doug Smith, radio operator. I'm going to bring you a piece of that
green cheese for sure. And now you are ready for the final 200,000 mile voyage to the moon.
Stop right there. Intensifying our prospects' desires, that's when the wheels of action begin
to move. Sorry for jumping in, doctors. Go on. Dr. Dobbs is known worldwide as a foremost
spokesman for Christian and family values. He plans to attend this rare personal appearance
of Dr. Dobbs to second in the past four years. Repent. Quit your job. Slack off.
Oh, yes, dear friends. Well, I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little
bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more

careful. For once, I took my own advice, which is rare for a subgenius preacher, especially me.
I did repent, quit my job, and slack off. I actually did that this weekend.
As for not taking my own advice, usually, as Bob Dobbs himself said,
I don't practice what I preach because I'm not the kind of man I'm preaching to.
This line from Pre-Scriptures is in fact one of the foundation stones of the Church of the
Subgenius.
is the sandy beach upon which our church is built.
And other churches may be built upon a rock,
steadfast and true,
but ours changes with the tides,
scurrying in and out of holes like a crab,
occasionally pinching innocent bathers,
and finally, in the end,
getting skewered by kids with sticks.
But, uh, it's true.
Oh, sire, there is no more money.
Yeah, that's right.
Get some money.
I did repent, quit my job, and slack off.
I didn't really have a job to begin with before I quit it.
I quit before it started, and you can't beat that.
So I've been slacking off,
and pretty soon I'm going to have to get a job,
one that doesn't last long, I hope.
I only last about as long as it takes
to get a ten-minute film to the lab,
and then I just run out of gas till you put another quarter in.
So, uh, if you need, friends,
a freelance film or videotape cutter,
a clay animator,
weird comedy show producer,
magazine editor, business writer,
babysitter, baby sacrificer,
or a true ordained mad prophet of the airwaves,
or just an all-around cool guy, friends,
just write me at the Church of the Subgenius
or this affiliate station,
which we own,
and no jobs on spec.
Um, my, my.
If, friends, if I don't get a job pretty soon,
uh, I'm going to have to start cashing in
and all those souls,
that are stacking up around the church headquarters.
We, we store the souls of those who send a dollar to the church
in handsome blue cylinders in the tabernacle basement.
We keep these souls on ice
until such time as they can be liberated
from this earthly plane.
But if the church goes broke, friends,
why, we have to cash in some of those souls,
and one of them might be yours,
so neither one of you or us can get them back after that.
I don't know where they go after Bob sells them,
and I don't.
I don't know where they go after Bob sells them,







So, you can tell by the way I'm talking
that I'd be a dedicated worker
in whatever job you might want to give me.
It's, I love having a show.
It's great.
You can use your own religious broadcast for job hunting.
Oh, yes, but it's better than using the telephone
because I get to do all the talking.
Praise Bob.
Yes, help me somebody.
Ain't got no leg in my legs.
I'm on fire.
Pull the lever down.
You go.
You go.
Copyright 1986 by Jane or Hyperclete.
Well, friends, on with the show.
It's a good thing that this entire show
is composed of one tape and one negative land record
because one of these tape decks does not work tonight.
Thank you.
Let's do this.
My name is Reverend Ivan Stang.
I am the last sole survivor
of the Battle of Dobstown,
popularly called Bob's Last Stand.
I knowed J.R. Bob Dobbs for what he was,
and I knowed the subgeniuses for what they was.
Turn that thing on.
Put on them headphones.
One.
One hundred and eleven years ago,
when I was 33 years old,
right after the atomic wars,
my church was rubbed out
by a band of wild pink boys.
Only ones left were my son and me.
My son, Captain Son Sonson.
I've lost all I ever wavered about my faith.
All I had was the anger that hadaze me with your
murder.
All I ever sought after was the voice
that no one heard.

at something real.
I wanted to help to make it where I thought of home.
But it was no longer there.
I had been saving people for that.
Iبةhtisters.com


Maybe we could stop the monsters.
You think we could use the show to stop the monsters?
Yeah.
If it sounded bad enough, even the monsters would flee.
And the land would again be safe.
For the free.
Friends, we're walking out of the laboratories.
I don't want to go in any direction that ink will be coming from.
Uh-uh. We've got to avoid ink.
And the Yaka Teasement.
We're going to have to fight a lot of monsters on this show tonight.
Right now, we're not live. This is in the daytime.
And now that we're away from the encampment and the laboratories,
there are bones of creatures, Martian goats and things that have been killed by
the Yaka Teasement.
By the Cyclops and by other nefarious monsters around here.
What?
What could have done that?
Nothing could have been living in there.
Something could be living in there now.
Careful.
Stick it towards you.
Okay.
Look! Look! Look at what's running out! Grab creatures! Grab a weapon!
Put it on! Grab creatures are coming!
Hey! Don't forget the show! Come on! Grab it!
You stopped the first time!
They're still coming though.
Turn on the radio!
Huh?
Turn on the radio!
What's the devil doing? Well, turn on the radio!
I can't get it to come on!
You do it!
Okay. Now what's the button?
That one!
Which one?
Um, that one. Yeah.
You got it!
Okay.
Okay.
Got him!
Oh no! It only wounded him! Here he comes! Quick! Quick, Grim!
I think I got him.
He's down. He's still breathing though.
I hope this isn't an endangered species on this planet.
Let's keep throwing rocks at it!
Got him right in the hole!
Let's throw the show at it!
Ooh! Ooh! The show got something gross all over my hand!
Ooh! Get away from it! Get away from it!
It's gonna explode!
You okay now?
Yeah.
Did you fix the show?
Alright. Listen, I'm gonna have to...
Here's the array gun.
Oh, I know what...
The show needs new batteries.
Yeah.
Okay, look. I brought some with me.
Let's kill it and try to get some new batteries in.
Won't be any air for a while, folks. It'll just hang on.
I thought it said a gas marriage.
What?
I don't even know what that means.
A gas marriage? Maybe that was the rescue colony that came out here.
It might be a big...
Big thing.
Oh, my God. This pink sky here just... I can't believe it. It's like... Remember Mars? Ooh!
Face, eyes, nose, eyes, and nose.
Yeah, that's not a gas mask. That's a skull.
But of what?
Look under it.
Okay, stand back. Because one of those rhamphorhynchuses might be under me.
Oh, it's okay.
Ugh.
Strange life forms.
Shoot it.
I don't want to find a Gaius Gudis.
Captain Zandy here, his face is scarred from an attack by a Gaius Gudis on the way into the laboratory earlier today.
We're gonna need... That's a good weapon right there.
The ground is littered with weapons and bones from the many, many battles that have been fought between the subgenius colonies and the creatures that live on the planet.

Head horn.
You know, the amazing thing about this...
This thing is...
I heard something answer you.
God, your face looks cool with that scar.
You look like the old G.I. Joes.
The old G.I. Joes, the tall ones, you know, they're about a foot long.
They all had a scar in the same place, like every one of those guys here.
You know, they all had a scar in the same place.
And the guys had to go through this initiation rite where they were scarred so they'd all look alike.
Even the ones with beards.
I can't believe you still got it.
Yeah, you bet I still got this hook.
This thing could save our lives.
Hey, this is a tree, isn't it?
Oh, it's got me!
It's got me!
What is it?
What is it?
Hook him!
Hook him!
Oh, you got me!
Oh, you got me!
Oh, you got me!
Oh, you got me!


Oh, you got me!
I'm gonna have to do the rest of the show yourself.
Here.
Here.
Quick, quick, the show.
Raise Bob!
This has been the subgenius news hour.
Brought to you in part by the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer Launcher Society, Dobbs Co.
In Sexer Ground and Yaka Teasmovision.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Let your body be sucked out of your ears by the sound effects of Bob.
We're going to take you deeper and deeper inside yourself to find Bob.
Come with me.
That's right, inside.
Into your consciousness.
It's slippery.
It's wet.
But we shall go deeper and deeper and deeper into the consciousness.
We must bore down into the cranium.
Drill through the irrelevant thoughts of job and reality.
Rolling along the hollowed out inside of the skull.
Piercing the squamous epithelium.
Tickling past the supernumerary nipple.
Scraping along the edges of the birth canal.
Stretching the imagination gland until it pops.
And finally, bursting through the perineum.
Until finally, getting into the bottom of the brain pan and tumbling down through the sinuses.
Down the esophagus.
And finally, landing at the very soul.
Located in the foot gland at the very lowest organ of your physical being.
Until finally, an idea.
An ultimate plan.
A plan is born at the very bottom of your mind.
And soon, you will be ready for...
Negative Land.
Yes, folks, tonight, through the magic of Negative Land, we're going to try to make them famous for a change.
They're not a bunch of subgeniuses.
This band, quote, band, unquote, was doing this long before they discovered Bob.
Negative Land from Concord, California.
And if you were ever into Frank Zappa, Captain Beefheart, or Wildman Fisher, John Cage, or Johann Sebastian Bach, or any of those zany pop groups, you might enjoy this.
And if you can possibly wear headphones for it, or tape it for headphones later, you will be in for the shocks of your life.
I consider these guys...
Oh, time to quit.
Time to quit the job.
Slack off.
Anyway, these guys I consider the most advanced classical symphonic group of this century so far, aside from Doctors for Bob.
And, uh, well, they're my heroes.
And yet, and yet, they did sound for, enhanced our sound system.
That's sort of like, having Negative Land do sound for subgeniuses like having Federico Fellini set up lights.
For your Uncle Fred's home movies.
Or like having Michelangelo do Elvis Presley black velvet paintings.
It's like seeing Jesus pose for pie pads in the Yellow Pages.
You know, it just ain't right.
So, this is the subgenius sound effect show dedicated to Negative Land.
You've got to see this guy for what he is.
He's a maniac out to rule the world.
Yeah.
I guess I'm gonna have to start jamming mobile.
Is that what you're trying to tell me?
Do you think I should start jamming you guys?
Alright, people.
It's almost time for us to be ten-eight.
In just a few moments, we're gonna be ten-eight.
And I'm going to tell you the story of 180 and the letter G.
Alright, people.
It's almost time for us to be ten-eight.
We're almost to that moment right now, people.
In just a few moments, we're gonna be ten-eight.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven.
I am a man.
A man with four fingers.
A man with four fingers on my hand.
I am a man.
A man with four fingers.
But that doesn't count my thumb.
I am a man.
A man with three fingers.
A man with three fingers on my hand.
I am a man.
A man with three fingers.
But that doesn't count my index finger.
Or my thumb.
Or my thumb.
I am a man.
A man with two fingers.
A man with two fingers on my hand.
I am a man.
A man with two fingers.
But that doesn't count my middle finger.
My index finger.
Or my thumb.
I am a man.
A man with one finger.
A man with one finger on my hand.
I am a man.


A man with one finger.

A man with one finger.
But that doesn't count my ring finger.
My middle finger.
My index finger.
Or my thumb.
I am a man.
A man with one finger.
I am a man, a man with no fingers
A man with no fingers on my hand
I am a man, a man with no fingers
But that doesn't count my pinky or my ring finger
My middle finger, my index finger, or my thumb
Okay, we're ten-eight
Okay, we're ten-eight

And the number is 180 and the letter is G
There's no other possibility
And all you slimy fruitcakes in San Francisco
Are going to find out how to get to 180 and the letter G
I repeat, there is no other possibility
There is no other possibility
The number is 180 and the letter is G
The first thing you have to do
To get over to 180 and the letter G
Is to get into your vehicle
And head east
I repeat, you have to head east
Over the bridge
But before you get onto the bridge
Around one big turn
You'll come to 180 and the letter G





And come up to the place
Where the sex chemicals burned up
I repeat, where the sex chemicals burned up
And of course, you all must have heard about that
On News Center 4
On News Center 4
No, no, no
On your way to 180 and the letter G


On your way to 180 and the letter G
And now, and now, and now we're on the bridge
That's nothing very much
But when you get on the other side of the bridge
On your way to 180 and the letter G
You'll notice two things
First of all, it's very important for you to know

That you turn on your AM radio
Set it to 1010 on your dial
And let the radio frequency energy from K101
Overload your little tuner
Until it distorts very highly
Now right at the point of that extreme distortion
There's the big chairs
I'm not exactly sure
But I think that's where all the sewer water opens up
And then by then, you'll be out of all that distortion
And you'll be looking east toward the hill
And if it's at night
You'll see the little red lights flashing
On my favorite ham radio repeater station
That's WR6 automatic bowel movement
And if you are into jamming
Keep talking
Keep jamming
Because I'll be listening on my scanner radio
And just maybe
Maybe
Maybe
You'll be on the news
I'll be listening
You come up to the tunnel
And now we're coming up to the tunnel
Up to the tunnel
And then as you get into the tunnel
You'll start to sense something
And then about halfway through the tunnel
Something will suddenly hit you
You won't sense it a lot
Until you get almost through to the other side
You'll realize right then and there
That you're entering Contra Costa County
It's hard to explain
It's hard to explain
It's hard to explain
It's hard to explain
But you feel a certain way
When you get into Contra Costa County
It was you
It's hard to explain
That was you
So take the stairs


There's no doubt
It's hard to see
If you were on the radio


I would've had the nose






Tomorrow

No
You go to jail
This is the end
It's about 40 degrees warmer, and then your minute is about 15 or so.
You'll just hear about free water.
All the way until you get to Martinez.
When you're at Martinez, you'll see a sign.
A sign that says, G.
And you're just going to go right on up there in your little vehicle.
And you're going to turn left on the G.
On the left-hand side of the street is the A&W Root Beer Place.
And on the right side is another place where you're going to call your name is Charlie.
It's Faith Muffins.
Now that you're on G.
You're on G.
You're just going to keep right on going up G.
Heading west on G.
All the way to the top of the hill.
Now that's where 180 is.
Right up there at the top.
And just before you get to the top of the hill.
You'll notice the green slime closing out from under the house.
At 180.
And of course.
It had to be true.
You just got to go right back down to Safe Muffins.
And shoplift.
I repeat, you're going to have to shoplift the HR Steam Cleaning System from Safe Muffins.
The only way you're going to be able to do it successfully is to become invisible.
And then when you're totally invisible.
You'll just creep right on in to Safe Muffins.
And there you'll see it.
The HR Steam Cleaning System.
This is K-N-O-N 90.9 in Dallas, Texas.
And you're going to have to go to 180 very quickly.
So you whisk your steam cleaning machine right back up G.
All the way to 180.
You go right up to the front door.
And you push the button.
And you're going to see the door open.
And you're going to see the door open.
And you're going to see the door open.
The door opens automatically.
And the first thing you see is the orange carpet inside 180.
And you'll see the dog juice.
The horrible dog juice all over the orange carpet.
And 180 in the letter G.
You're just going to march right on in to G there.
And with your HR Steam Cleaning System.
Go right all the way back to the kitchen.
Where the Mr. Coffee Coffee Maker has your hot water.
Your hot water ready to pour in your HR Steam Cleaning System.
So you go in there and get your HR Steam Cleaner all fired up.
And you bring it on down into the living room.
And you take care of all the dog juice on the orange carpet.
At 180 in the letter G.
I think I'd like to have a cigarette now.
Where are my cigarettes, David?
They're on top of the refrigerator.
David, I'd like to know what you did with my cigarettes.
They're under the house.
My cigarettes are missing, David.
I'd like to smoke. What did you do with them?
They're in the tote cage.
David, I'd like to have a cigarette right now.
But I can't find the package.
I put them on the table and they're not there.
Did you take them?
I think we may have left them at the grandma's house.
My mother doesn't smoke, David.
What did you do with my cigarettes?
I told you they're on top of the refrigerator.
I looked on top of the refrigerator. They aren't there.
Will you please tell me what you did with my cigarettes?
Maybe you left them in the car.
I haven't been in the car all day.
You must have put them somewhere and I can't find them.
You better tell me now or I'm going to really get mad.
Oh yeah, oh yeah, I think I know where they are.
They're in back of the TV set where all the parakeet feathers are.
And as you're cleaning the orange carpet, there'll be a voice that says,
Fetch my cigarettes.
Another voice will say,
They're on top of the refrigerator.
And then of course you've forgotten completely about the green slime.
And you'll realize that the only way to get rid of the green slime
is to go back down, down the stairs, down to the basement of 180
and the letter G, where you'll find a bottle of formula 409.
You'll get that 409 up there real quick and go outside to the mailbox of 180
where the green slime and all the ants are oozing out on your sidewalk.
And you'll spray it with all your might as hard as you can on that goddamn green slime.
And then you'll have gotten all that formal stuff.
There'll be a few toads left under the house.
And they'll be saying,
Herbivore, Herbivore, under the house.
And spray me with the 409, Herbivore.
That's what the toads are going to say.
They won't crow, they'll actually say that.
What, you're a chee?
What, you're a chee?

What, you're a chee?
What, you're a chee?
By then you'll realize that you're going to have to take your HR steam cleaning system
back down to Safe Muffins.
And before you can do it, you'll of course have to become invisible.
And before you can do it, you'll of course have to become invisible.
Once again.
You'll take your HR steam cleaning system,
which you shot up at the safe muffins.
And you'll have to be in the bathroom,
and you'll have to be in the bathroom,
and some of them are going to be in the bathroom.
And it'll be time for you to head back to San Francisco.
And it'll be time for you to head back to San Francisco.
Because if you don't, you'll never leave Contra Costa County.
And I can't hear.
Are you doing something?
Get it out of here.
Don't.
Don't.
Don't do that.
Stop that.
Put it away.
Don't get it on the tape recorder.
Good God.
Get it out of here.
Don't.
Don't.

Don't.
You'll go back through the tunnel.
And you're going to get back on the other side of the hills there.
Through the tunnel.
All right.
You already said it.
I don't want to hear about that tunnel anymore.
And you'll whisk down that hill at 90 miles an hour.
You'll get into the appropriate lanes on your way from 180 in the letter G.
Back to San Francisco.
Back past K101 and the big chairs.
Which remind you of the sewer gas back in G where you could become invisible.
Not really sure if Oakland sewer gas can do it as well as Montana sewer gas.
Are you?
Are you?
Are you?
And you're on the bridge now heading west into the fog.
The high fog, I repeat.
Fog never touches the ground in California.
It's always so damn high.
And you get across.
And you look back to where the sex chemicals were made.
And finally you get back into your sewer pipe.
Really?
And disappear down into the sewers of San Francisco.
And you know that you'll never ever want to come out to 180 in the letter G ever again.
And you'll never ever want to come out to 180 in the letter G ever again.
And that sorry situation.
I think it's just about time we went 10-7.
I'm getting that feeling now.
Deep within those sewer pipes by now.
And you'll never ever want to come out to 180 in the letter G ever again.
And you'll never ever want to come out to 180 in the letter G ever again.
And you'll never find your way out.
And never find your way out.
You'll never wanna find your way out.
I'm sick!
We're 10-7.
Oh, shut it up!
Out!
Shut it up!
Stop everything!
Well we stopped everything.
Well we stopped everything.
There is absolutely no other possibility.
That's all there is to it, folks.
That's what I've been playing there.
I can shut off now.
That was Negative Land, their third album, a big 10-8 place.
And I'm going to read their address here in just a second so you can send them $7.50 and buy that thing.
I know that probably some of my listeners are absolutely disgusted that they'd have to listen to something as probably strange as all of this may sound.
But that's too bad, ain't it?
I quit my job.
What do I have to worry about?
Nothing.
It's freedom, baby.
Can you dig it?
So anyway, yes, that's Negative Land.
See, they distribute their own record.
You might be able to find it somewhere.
It's at Box 54, Concord, California.
Valfrofnan 22.
Box 54, Concord, California.
You've been listening to this.
Valfrofnan.
Valfrofnan.
And I hope y'all are getting that in stereo because it's really a pretty amazing piece.
So if I can just cut myself loose from these other shows, it'd be fun.
Must be fun.
Holy trouver.
You can fiddle with the beats, you can fiddle with theelsius, you can fiddle with the 경우 dockия.
But,
I'm brand new creatonica.
This is my new ain't new thing.
Let me rest my mind in peace.
Because it's so,

Now,
go ahead,
go ahead.
What kind of man are you?
I'm watching you.
You've got to see this guy for what he is.
He's a maniac out to rule the world.
What can I do to make you understand?
I love you.
Goodbye, Iceman.
Man, I'm not sleeping.
No!
Oh, $%&!
What happened?
Where are we?
A minute ago I was walking around in Glen Rose, Texas and now I'm on this planet.
Sandy, what happened?
You got captured by a monster and it accidentally killed you.












A monster?!
Yeah, right up here!
It's dead though!
What's the show doing here?
You should remember what you do.
I don't remember anything!
You brought the show with you!
From the laboratory.
We're gonna have, I'm gonna have to think about this one.
I don't understand.
Let's see.
There's a letter.

It says..
Let's see.

Okay. We're safe now. Man, that was tough. Too many monsters around here. At least this
old road is still here that the space bulldozers built. I wish the Transformers were around
to help us. Yeah, really. Well, which way do you think we should go, Captain Zandy?
Where'd the Lost Subgenius colony... Where do you think they could have crashed? Did you
hear that? What did you say? Whatever it is, I'll stop it. Yeah? They'll hear that when
I run away. Listen, I heard something going. God, look at those things. God, they're
unbelievable.
I can't even describe these monsters, folks. Asleep? Some of them are running off in the
bushes.
Now, there could be something lurking in those boulders over there.
Oh, what is that? Looks like the end of one of the space bulldozers. Yeah. The yellow
and red thing. Uh-huh. But what did this to it? What could have done this to a space bulldozer?
This is like the Cyclops' head. And a nose horn. And two ears. Maybe the bulldozer had
a crash into the Cyclops and knocked him out. Yeah. Maybe the bulldozer had a crash into

the Cyclops and knocked his horn off. If that's the case, he's gonna be really mad.
And this is just his whole horn? That's probably just the tip of him. It's only about 8 feet
long. The whole horn is 20 feet. Then he must be giant-er than this guy. No. Well, his head
touches those low clouds over there.
We got him badly hit.
I'm scared, I'm scared, I'm scared.

Okay, come on!
to take that on that's the only thing if we can make the show sound bad enough
then even the king's sock box will be driven away and the land will be left in
peace and harmony forever and the Eternia will be ruled yes without he man
yeah only the soon the Transformers will rule Eternia no the Transformers will
I hope that the Autobots get back to Cybertron their home why and leave the Decepticons here on earth to destroy us
yeah why do you want earth destroyed you've got to see this guy for what he is he's a
maniac out to rule the world
oh my god I'm gonna kill you
what can I do to make you understand I love you
tune in for mind-melting extremist noise with best and industrial experimental music
featuring such top-name group sounds
what planet are we on
oh me too
we aren't planning this this is uh
oh it's all planned Bob look go ahead and see look look
look I'm on page 16 it says lady calls talks about chili I mean all this stuff is you can't fool these people
yeah I'm tired of this script let's go to this script here
my stuff's really funny hey prepare for the econocataclysm of my hoarding food
gold guns ammo and gas
going up on survival techniques and learn how to kill people
no of course you don't want to kill himself Jesus believer but
but God's command good ill us
if
I want and that's great
a strange world
out there.
It's kind of, this is
what life is like
at a
bottom line level. You know, and I'm not
going to make you cut through a lot of other
stuff to get through it. Here's what it is.
There's no gimmick about that.
It's straightforward. It's
strong and it's elemental.
Yeah, heavy stuff.
Witchcraft.
Rude.
Devil worship.
A wild,
gnawing,
animal hunger will grow
in you.
Number is
600.
Three score.
Everybody welcome.
One too stupid.
Three
four dumb.
Five
six idiotic.
Seven
eight seat me safe.
Very stupid.
Very stupid.
Very stupid.
Very stupid.
I like Concord
and 180G.
I like Pleasant Hill.
No other possibility.
Very stupid.
Very stupid.
Very stupid.
Very stupid.
Very stupid.
Very stupid.
Very stupid.
Very stupid.
Very stupid.
Very stupid.

That is no more money.
We gotta get some money.
That dirty, perky shark.
That flaky, porky, filibuster, porky.
You don't want the deceptic- ooh.
That sounded pretty good.
Our ancestors used to do this.
Making stupid noises with rocks.
And one day they found out that certain types of rock, when chipped like that, would become
sharp, sharp flint knives worthy of felling even the mighty saber-toothed tiger.
Even the mighty bablosaurus.
Who are our ancestors?
Huh?
Our ancestors are the cavemen, right?
And the monkeys and stuff.
Right?
Well, the decepticons are the cavemen.






The, uh, our ancestors.
See Zandy as subgeniuses.
Our ancestors were giant, eight foot tall yetis.
Abominable snowmen and big foot creatures, created by the aliens who came to Earth after
the, after they destroyed the dinosaurs.
Uh, unfortunately, these godlike super intelligent ancestors of ours, were smited by evil gods.








and turned into pathetic monkeys and humans.
And the humans and the subgeniuses
have always been a little different
and always waged this endless war
over what's funny and what's not funny.
What do you think about that?
What?
What I just told you, the history of mankind.
Yeah, here's your club.
What am I supposed to do with it?
Yeah, call it...
Oh, me subgenius, me goon, go find human.
Human!
That's just a rock.
Find human.
Subgenius.
The evolution.
Kill Bob.
Kill human.
Where we find human, master?
I am a human.
What?
My own son?
A human?
Yeah.
Shelby didn't tell me.
Oh!
This was a plant.
It was a live plant.
See, here's the two eyes, the mouth,
and here's the long nose.
The two horns.
And that was a plant?
Yeah.
Actually, these are like leaves.
It looks like a mutated goat head skull.
And it had eyes?
A plant with eyes?
Yeah.
I can hear a small there, последale ste Max by
You.
That's real.
It's real, folks.
This is a real show and we're really in a dangerous environment.
A hostile planet.
Another time...
Look at this leg.
We're 225 years in the future from when you're hearing this
I wish she was here.
Associated kisser.
Sandy.
Sandy?
That's what I'm supposed to be thinking you're only six years old
Must be one of those them-a-pods
We gotta find some us-a-pods as an antidote in case one of those them-a-pods bites us
Yeah, because those antidotes can really help
Hear that?
Hear that sound?
I heard gunshot
An earth weapon
Look out! An egg!
Egg
Do you think that's a gunshot?
Do you think that's a Gaius Gudis egg?
Well, you're afraid that it'll open it so it'll die
It doesn't explode
I'm gonna stand back
BOOM!
Way to go!
Are you okay?
I didn't brush you off
You got egg goop all over you
Wonder what that thing was
Look out! Here comes it's mother!
Grab a stick! Grab anything!
Oh! Oh!
Stop me!
Quick! Quick! Turn up the show!
Don't!
Stop!
I made it!
I made it!
I made it!
Ugh
Zandy!
Am I teaching you too much violence?
No
Why would you teach me stuff like that?
Huh?
Why would you teach me stuff like that?
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
Because that's what I got taught
But it's so much fun
Like I'm gonna grab you
Okay
Okay
Okay
Okay
Okay
Okay
Okay

Okay
Okay
Okay
Okay
Okay
Okay
Okay



Oh listen to that beautiful noise friends
That's some more negative land
Capping off the uh
Captain Sun Sun Sun and Daddy
Show
Yes boy there's gonna be a real crowd in here
Norm's got a whole bunch of
bunch of guardians of the airwaves
here ready to destroy
uh any of the uh
evil callers that call in
and my time is
slowly beginning to run out
I've got another five minutes here
I guess you've got another five minutes of slack friends
But at least you get that much
At least uh listen to that slack
skipping by going just right out of your reach
Just right out of your reach
I see you anyhow
I smell gasoline where's the lighter
Hup
Yes friends so send for that
negative land record
and of course as we
come down upon the beautiful
closing music of the
hour of slack show
This is Reverend Ivan Stang
starting to sign off
uh friends I want you to
send your love offerings our way
Bob loves you
and uh send those
those well every kind of
thing you can scrape out of your drawers
cause we need
those donations to keep the home
for slackless children afloat
keep the church open keep the new
pamphlets going out you members out there
probably in about a week and a half
you'll be getting the new
subgenius pamphlet number two
I'll be interested to see
uh whether people like it better or worse
than the old original first pamphlet
nothing could beat that original
slack of that first
subgenius pamphlet you can get that pamphlet friends
we can't tell you how much money to send
because you're supposed to send that money to the station
but we'll be reading that address
of the subgenius church where you can write for
information on just what the
heck is going on here
and that is
the church of
the subgenius
p.o. box
807 Glenrose Texas
76043
short
