From PR News in Washington, I'm drinking alcohol, including whiskey.
PR's report reports that I'm not dangerous.
They can drink up without fear.
A rescue ship carrying inappropriate government officials and alcohol industry executives say they were PR News, Washington.
What's it going to be, eh?
Is it going to be in and out of institutions like this?
Or are you going to attend to the divine word?
The So Genius.
The Power of...
What?
This is some new form of torture.
Say it, brother, sir.
I hope to God it'll torture you to madness.
What the hell do you think you're doing?
Dragging your butt through the day.
Selling your body and your soul to a bunch of bland normals.
Acting stupid so they'll think you're one of them.
I'm tired of getting up.
I'm tired of all the guilt.
But none of the sex.
There is a simple answer, dear friend.
A glowing beacon of slack amidst the turmoil and darkness.
It's J.R. Bob Dobbs, the living slack master at his church of the So Genius.
Praise Bob.
Bob brings a new destiny to the abnormal.
Bob comes to Just a Bob.
He's the one who's gonna destroy our sins.
To unmask the conspiracy.
And to get us back the slack they stole away.
It's us, sir, says them.
Are you going to fry in hell alongside the pink boys?
Or are you going to pull the wheel over your own eyes?
And accept Bob into your mind?
And repent?
And go in your nab?
Slack off and...
Praise Bob.
The church of the So Genius.
Eternal salvation or triple your money back.
Oh yes, dear friends.
Welcome to Hour of Slack number 1796.
Thank you, Leemur, for the opening credits.
And the piece we started off with was by Santiago Trejo.
Probably Reverend Santiago Trejo.
I'm not sure I got that off of one of the Facebook...
One of the sub-genius Facebook pages.
The number of which is too damn high.
Our music in the background right now is the Swingin' Love Corpses from the Bay Mixes tape.
And on and off during this show, we're going to be reading from the Dobbstown Mirror.
That's a kind of a newspaper that you get if you get anything in the mail from sub-genius.
All the membership packs have them.
And basically, anybody who gets a face mask or book or anything at all from us gets the Dobbstown Mirror.
And some cool stickers.
All of which are courtesy of Mayor Uncle...
Uncle Onan Canobite and Dr. Philodrumon.
But Mayor Canobite is the mayor of Dobbstown,
which is a forum on the internet for sub-genius members only.
But the Dobbstown Mirror is a printed thing.
This one's from August of 2020.
And what you find in the Dobbstown Mirror is that...

The Dobbstown Mirror are things to see, say, do, and buy.
Oh, no. Things to see, say, do, think, know, and buy.
I'm sorry. I looked away for a minute to check my volumes.
Things to see, say, do, think, know, and buy.
From the Dobbstown Mirror, greatest offer yet.
Friends, the church of the sub-genius is happening now.
You probably missed Dada, Surrealism, and Fluxus.
You probably missed Hippie, Punk, and Rave.
You probably missed Jonestown, Waco, and Heaven's Gate.
But the church of the sub-genius is happening now, and you haven't missed it!
The best mail-order mind-control cult at this price range is yours to join and mutate to your own ends today.
If you will.
We'll but decide you're not going to put your slack off any further.
X-Day approaches.
The church of the sub-genius, friends, taking the boar out of being born.
What other mind-control cults put you in the driver's seat with two steering wheels?
Who's that other guy?


incongruous


and


It keeps us safe from the light.
Why would anyone open their eyes?
Tonight, I'm a thousand miles away.
None of us chose to be born.
None of us chose who we are.
Seven suns.
Money and war.
Humanity from the start.
Tonight, I'm a thousand miles away.
Tonight, I'm a thousand miles away.
Tonight, I'm a thousand miles away.
Tonight.
Insects grow
Eat their shit
Where they bleed
Just like us
Persuaded to
Fly in the wind
A bright strap
And legs drag too
Insects grow
Eat their shit
Where they bleed
Just like us
Persuaded to
Fly in the wind
A bright strap
And legs drag too
That was the song by Soma for Savages of Lawrence, Kansas
from their album Body of Light called World on Fire.
How appropriate for this week's hot current events.
From the Dobstown Mirror, a rare occasion.
It's difficult to know the details, but it is known there are subgenius operatives acting
in complete Dobbs-approved secrecy at every level of society.
Each has private and personal reasons for their subdued slack stances.
All dare vital in the resistance to conspiracy hegemony.
What can be known is that subgenii are everywhere, including, especially, among people you don't
care for.
Are you among them?
May I never know, even if we meet.
May it be a mystery to me, even if we've been friends for decades.
It's not my business to correct others.
It's not my business to correct others.

And I don't always appreciate their co-rectal examinations.
Next up is a song by Cult of Zere from the album Better Living Through Confirmation Bias
called Scorch the Earth.
Cult of Zere, incidentally, like Mayor Onan, lives in Portland, Oregon,
the most apocalyptically beset city in the whole USA lately.
And that's...
Laying a Lock.
Huh.
Could there be some reason we have this particular fire and stupidity-based theme developing?
waiting line
our
fantastic
confections will blow
your mind
wait for dark
will
greet our new
neighbors with spears
and knives
in the
fire
hall
today's suicide
will be filmed
by
film
by
that
fire
it all
is a
violent
carnival
engineered
by
fools
and
to
pray
I will
slip away
mutually
assured
oh
hope
hope
hope
oh
oh
hope
hope
hope
hope
bu
wow
my
di
We're gonna drown
Can't we dance as the bridges burn down?
Can't we dance as the bridges burn down?
Yeah, we're gonna drown
Drown, drown, drown
Slash and burn and scorch the earth
Every time
Can't we get it right?
We're really fine
And as the tides make up your mind
Can't we get it right?
Strange art and magnifying
An ancient mind
Be kind, rewind
Don't go to the light
Anyhow
It's a violent convo
The buttons and the food
Dreaming
Driftless and childish
Crash the game
The best ultra
Not good
Good
All good and
No
But this is not
A pretty white world
And this is not
A coke and a smile
And this is not







A dope-flaky lie
Dude, we're gonna drown
Can't we dance as the bridges burn down?
Can't we dance as the bridges burn down?
Yeah, we're gonna drown
Drown, drown
Drown, drown, drown
Drown, drown, drown

Yeah, wow
Can you go home
Can't we get it right?
businesses
Can we drive
Can we play
Go back home




Oh you college
scars
Nyfye
All these secrets

Down below
From the Dobbs Docktown Mirror,
here is our combination.
What makes you an individual?
Having fingerprints?
It could be that individuality is much broader, more dangerous, more rewarding than you have
considered until now.
And even until now!
The Church of the Subgenius is a club for non-joiners.
Bob and the Exists have access to the Book of Life, listing all paid members.
The likes of you and I, however, may never know if a kindness or cruelty was unknowingly
wasted on a fellow subgenius.
This is the
The Unusual Swingin' Love Corps version of Purple Haze.
This dark star will never shine.
I take your light and I make it mine.
And I ain't trying to be bragging.
I'm not trying to be bragging.




But I'm flying on a sub-dragon.
All I do is set the world on fire.
To watch the light bounce off your eyes is my desire.
Lost love through a space rift.
And now I'm just negative.
I've gotta 300 pounds longer, 야

How about that, yet another flaming and burning song arabic

toward the end of Anh Muôn Dung
How about that?
Yet another flaming and burning song, O Lê Nério, islands at dusk I'm
I want to set the world on fire 花 Buy by Sunstone Sade, The Sun全世界堪炮

negative. So very strange that in September of 2020 in the USA there would be this outbreak
of songs about the world burning up with fire and sickness. Jeepers, I wonder what that's about.
From the Dobbs Dock Town Mirror. Psychic Research. The so-called problem of evil
asks why a benevolent God would allow suffering. This is only a problem for mainstream religions.
The Church of the Subgenius knows that suffering feeds the Elder Gods and it's as simple as that.
What is frustrating to the Subgenius is not that suffering happens, but that it happens to the
wrong people. Namely, anyone who ever bothered us to any degree at any time, including other
men. And so, the Church of the Subgenius is not the only one who is suffering. The Church of the

Subgenius is one of the most important members of the Church of the Subgenius. We welcome suffering
when it happens to them. Time for a story now from the mysterious Sheridan of Cleveland. He
has a double CD of these stories, all of which had to adhere to three strict rules. One, the two main
characters must be opposing, nearsighted versus farsighted. Two,
there must be at least one crass commercial and unpaid for reference to some product. And three,
there must be a gnat in every story. This one is Adam and Eve.
It was a gleefully, unabashedly,
unashamed morning, and the sun shone like an overexposed tanned yellow butt in the sky
with a crack in it. Gnats circled Adam's yucky umbrella drink and took turns diving down the
suction straw like poor travelers on a Price's Right vacation in their first and last tube ride.
Reaching for his alcoholic pleasure,
he promptly plunged the straw into his eye yet again and again. Eve curled her straight hair
around her finger and didn't bother to look. She's been here more times than she's used the finger.
B했lle Knapp where Edmundsolem in theenderaker follows. It's simply a implementation of where he



Her, always the thinking, responsible one.
Him, always the drunken drinker.
She, always looks to the potential ahead of them.
And he, no further than the drink before him.
What's the blend today, dear?
She casually asks.
She asks.
Yerk, puss, and pomegranate pulpy.
He burps and scratches his neck mole.
Want some?
She nods and holds out her hand to accept the foul-smelling mixture.
She grimaces and stomps the ground once
from her generic dollar store lounger
with scabies.
She kicks up dust covering her tan bare foot,
including the custom salon toenail paintings
of butterflies and birds
with a specially mixed magenta background blend.
Not bad!
She shrieked at the top of her now-destroyed vocal cords.
Not bad!
But needs more bumblebee anus.
Not bad!
Really as good as your used chewed tobacco jar
swamp puddle juice mixture.
Well, it's not like I'm trying.
It's not like I'm not trying.
But I'll kill you yet.
And no, I did not just say that out loud.
What's that, dear?
What's that, dear?
What's that, dear?
What's that, dear?
Adam, who is nearsighted, lethargically reaches for his drink three times before tumbling
it off the 100% solid wood, a key of mahogany stained, custom cat-like end table in a drunken
grunt.
Farsighted Eve chuckles to herself as she rises, adjusts her matted hair, and then,
and announces that she is going for a walk.
Farsighted Eve says,

They blurry-eyed gazed upon each other, both cursing the fact that corrective lenses had
not yet been invented.
Farsighted Eve says,
Eve disappeared with a rustling of tree branches and an inviting sideways glance into the thick
forest not yet protected by damp, damp grass.

Eve, clueless, tree-hugging, bleeding-hard environmentalists that are way over their
damp, save-the-earth, bloated heads.
Farsighted Eve leaves the trail of ouches as she makes her way through the woods, leaving
a path that would later become the Cleveland Metropolitan Park's memorial bike trail.
Farsighted Eve says,

She walks, tree roots stinging the soft pulp of her feet.
She mulls over her relationship with Adam.
In her first intimate encounter, she remembers laughing at the tiny blurry thing between
his legs.
What's this thing do?
She snickers.
Farsighted Eve says,
Hmm, sad.
An adam bootless piglet.
Farsighted Eve closes her mouth wide, recover her
legs, uprooted fleece, eso familieshome, the

Excuse me.
Farsighted Eve screwed her in.
Farsighted Eve finally leaves the trail of ouches.
with his mighty male dominant middle finger.
Eve refused to give in to modesty
until she scored her victorious secret links.
And besides, if she had it, she was going to show it
before age would surely blow it.
Adam turned, disheartened,
and made his way back through the woods,
leaving Eve behind because, well, because he's stupid.
Hungry and thirsty from her travels,
Eve tries to train her vision on the objects
hanging from the trees closest to her.
She reaches out for food,
but grasps a slimy, coiled snake
lying on the ground.
Instead.
I shall be a tattoo on your lower back,
coiling around your round buttocks,
reaching down your left leg
and ending at the soft tendon in your ankle,
the snake said.
The hell you say?



yells Eve.
I have allergies!
And squeezed the snake's head
until its eyes popped out like BBs
and put the eyes out of the nearest budding potato.
Gonna need to readjust your vision plan now,
she said as she fashioned the snake skin
into a new pair of boots.

Walking boots.
And that was Sheridan.
Sheridan from old Cleveland.
Oh, Sheridan tells some funny, funny stories.
And now this.
From the Dobbs Dot Town Mirror.
Rational List.
Living.
If nature doesn't make a great deal of something,
then that something is usually neither cost effective
nor quite bothersome enough to breed out entirely.
Like some rare diseases.
Like being left-handed.
Like high intelligence.
The Church of the Subgenius offers the first ray of hope
that there is a cure for the IQ problem.
Beyond alcohol.
Beyond traumatic brain injury.
Humans are the missing link between earlier primates and AI.
The Church of the Subgenius is the missing link between earlier primates and humans.
And between humans and AI.
Meet enough subgenii and you'll see what I mean.
Many are both.
And so can you.
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Hi, Ed, improve, help, and connect,
listen, and move.
Im
Mike.
So, how can you do so much for today?
hell that some of you here know about slack but the other thing you need to know about is
you know every church has got some kind of rules and laws we only have one and i think some of you
know what it is it is if they can't take a joke and believe it or not as cynical as that may sound
that is indeed a philosophy that you can live by the church of saturn was founded in 1953 by this
salesman this incredibly magically talented salesman jr bob dobbs when he was seized up in
the spirit by an alien space monster called jehovah one which has disguised itself as god
for numerous religions over the centuries and he told bob that throughout history there has been
a conspiracy
of normal people stealing away the slack of the weirdos the abnormals the misfits the
disbelievers and most important of all those who will believe anything can i get a break bob
so he founded his church not on a rock but on a sandy shifting beach of hypocrisy
because where's any relation without its hypocrisy i ask you it's not that we love
bob that much it's that we love the idea everybody else
burning
in hell
it's like any other religion you know that's what it's all about but it is a doing yourself
religion it is a disorganized religion a non-organization for non-joiners which makes
it hard to make a buck off this thing all subgeniuses by definition are different if any
two are alike one must die so check your neighbor out make that decision quick the only thing that
we as subgeniuses are different is that we are not the only thing that we are not the only thing

that we have in common is that we have nothing in common with the normal people look at the
word subgenius we didn't call it church of the genes okay almost anybody can qualify what we're
saying is that conspiracy has been misdefining intelligence all this time it's not intelligence
that we're talking about that's not what counts what counts is sense common sense sense of humor
and dollars and steps and uh
the thing is bob is not smart when being smart ever gets you a date well actually in this crowd
maybe you can but what he has is luck he is lucky isn't the reason that bob can do magic and you can
is he doesn't know any better he walks the path of least resistance friends that is his path to
slack and it can be yours too but here's the thing about slack we're not going to tell you what it
is because we can't
only you know what slack is for you now for some some people slack is sitting in front of the tv set
and smoking a beer or whatever uh for other people like me slack is working your ass off at what you
wanted to be working your ass off at we're not here to forgive your sins bob dogs is not the kind
of uh messiah that is he's not that well connected and on top of that he does not actually give one
flip of a about your sins he doesn't care about your sins he comes not to forgive your sins he
brings not forgiveness but an excuse that's all you really needed was an excuse and that is what
he is for now and he is here to bring to bring a reminder of slack now slack is as i said it's
indefinable you might call it something for nothing now a lot of people think all of this
church is just all about
me
Well that too slack is connected to money slack is connected to sex but bob is slack bob is money
bob is sex and bob is coming for boys girls and everybody in between ask not what bob is smoking
in his pipe for he is smoking you you throw yourself into that damn pipe bob is a short
duration personal savior after a while you get tired of bob and move on to the next person
everything goes sideways lo Anthony
it has
a crime
to make me
camper

scared


Dolan
dough
Folks know about the, there's a lot of conspiracies.
There's going to be one for everybody.
There's the JFK conspiracy, the UFOs crashing at Roswell, the 9-11 truther conspiracy.
Worst of all, the fashion conspiracy.
Friends, don't worry about a one world government or a one world religion.
You should be worried about a one world advertiser.
That's who's going to bend you over and not even have the common decency to give you a reach around.
Friends, we're not asking for love because this is a war.
It's really us versus them and this time we're us.
For once.
Friends, we're trying to lead a return to decadence.
Not trendiness, but decadence.
Luckily I will be followed by two hot chicks and one other of the old men.
And then by an architect who will return.
In the meantime, friends.
Yeah, this is a.
Free country, all right.
You're free to work your ass off, right?
They even have a machine now that can tell when you're thinking.
It's called a television.
And if it's off, you're guilty.
Friends, all we're trying to do is tempt sinners away from the devil.
We don't give a head where you go after that.
We believe in the God that doesn't want us to believe in him.
That's how ordinary we are.
We are.
So.
So.
Brilliant.
I said.
In fact,
right how everything is one of the two dictates.
I am not a person.
Since Bob said.
And I could go on and.
Yeah,
Yeah,
the sex cult and the deviation and the special x-ray drills and so forth, mind control that
we tend to do on you.
But I have to confess something to y'all.
There have been times when I used to look out on what's normally a pretty small audience
of subgeniuses and I think, some of these people are real nerds.
I would get frustrated at the sheer nerdliness of half of the subgeniuses.
But then one day I suddenly went, dog, that's what this is all about.
It finally sunk in.
Yes, they are f***ed up because there really is a conspiracy of normals stealing away their
slack.
They are f***ed up and that's why J.R. Bob Gobs is their god.
And that is why you.
You, my friend, you must repent, quit your job and slack off while you still know how.
Question authority.
I see a few people out there have been reading their prescriptions.
Bob is not.
Now, believe it or not, some of you Bobbies are going to be surprised by this.
Bob is not the answer.
But neither Christ Bob is anything.
Else.
But there's one thing I want to leave you with.
And that is that one rule of Bob, the one rule of the church of the subgenius.
F*** them if they can't take a chump.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.

Praise Bob.
Man, we did some serious ranting back in those days.
That was a mix by Она viendo то Shlānder Bob
From a revival recording of me preaching.
He calls it ranta-mania
from 2010.
Boy!
I guess I was working harder back then.
kingsmore's house in life
which she had reset because he said when i really was ready there's too many roads there can always be some modes available at that time aroundها
20 years younger.
Hmm.
Crazy.
And now this.
From the Dobbs.town mirror.
New way to health.
Slack is the force that causes people to ask,
what is Slack?
Blessed necessity.
Immoral?
Read this twice.
There are many moral systems and they often contradict each other.
Even if you pick one and only one and adhere to it faithfully,
it is you who decided that one was the correct one.
That makes you the arbitrator of morals and immorality.
Diversify your ethical portfolio with the church of the subgenius.
Keep your existing beliefs.
Add and subtract beliefs as you already do.
Accept.
Now.
Openly.
With Slack.
And with J.R. Bob Dobbs at your side.
This music is the Swingin' Love Corpses.
Coming from a darkness reaches a place of dismantle and murder by nature's enrages.
And dust and rubble traces of the beast.
By a law to the right.
This world is a place of justice.
But you're not going into your fate.
Rowing backrages of drama, murder, sorrow, or fate.
Submit to us your brand new, most contagious people unrest.
And you are the apostate.
The old ways of your world, evil, and fate.
Who has the capacity to die unseen?
Never as good as me.
Subversive weakness, become free.
The Nintendo 4, your history.
Summon the Dark Genie with the last chance.
Advancing evolution is our feat.
Who's empathetic attempt to preserve your romance.
Without the destruction you're locked in a trance.
Who's calling zombies into your risk of escape?
Shivering monkeys obsessed with murder might.
We are the mystery wiped off magnetic tape.
The last chance for your future philosophy.
Shaped and planted by a sea.
Never as good as me.
Subversive weakness, become free.
Time to forge your history.
And you are the apostate.
The old ways of your world, evil, and fate.

Never as good as me.
The old ways of your world, evil, and fate.


Time to forge your history.
Shaped and planted by a sea.
Who's empathetic attempt to preserve your romance.
Without the destruction you're locked in a trance.



Destruction, you're locked in a trance
Coming armies of doom, there is no escape
Shivering monkeys, obsessed with murder rape
The arms of the string wipe from magnetic tape
One last chance for your future, far to reshape
That was better
I am Thee, who's never as good as me
As the curse of weakness, become free
It's time to forge your history
I am Thee, who's never as good as me
As the curse of weakness, become free
It's time to forge your history
I am Thee, who's never as good as me



Apophatic
Apophatic
Apophatic
Apophatic
I am Thee, who's never as good as me
As the curse of weakness, become free
It's time to forge your destiny
TNN did that. TNN is one of the projects that Dr. Argus Fox is involved with.
And their new album is called Standarization.
Standarization is a project that has been

Association of Musician and Musician of the World.
The swinging love corpses have been helping us in the background music.
And from Dobbs.Town Mirror, a cure for magic.
Years ago, I was entering a building with someone I worked with.
She pulled some change out of her pocket and threw it on the steps.
I asked why.
She said to her it was some change, but if a child found it, they'd feel lucky.
Think about how good it feels to feel lucky.
You don't even have to have a lucky experience to have that feeling.
Seek it out. Pretend if that gets you started.
Think, I'm lucky and today is a lucky day.
Try it for three days running and see what happens.
Now, the Rudy Schwartz Project.
A song called Bunkum Doubly Damned from Delicious Ass Frenzy.
I'm editing a nature video to go with that music.
Stefanie Reuberg in a




The Wimbledon


Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
to uncleonan at gmail.com
or S-A-S-E to Onan,
P.O. Box 2321,
Portland, Oregon 97208,
where they can barely breathe at all this week.
Or, as Buddy just reminded you,
you can get the Dobbs Town Mirror
any time you get anything else from Subgenius Foundation
here at Post Office Box 807,
Glen Rose, Texas 76043.
And, you know, friends, the Hour of Slack is on
numerous radio stations all over the country.
The Puzzling Evidence Show is on KPTV,
the Puzzling Evidence Show is on WDFA, Berkeley.
Bob's Slack Time Funhouse is on WREK.
They're all on freethinkradio.com.
And you can still ask Dr. Hal at gonzotronics.com
slash A-D-H.
You can hear National Cynical Network
at nationalcynical.com
dot com, nationalcynical.com.
And,
and,
and it's always time for the show
at timefortheshow.com.
Online, all of those are findable
at subgenius.com and dobbs.town.
And when you're on the Internet,
always be speaking of JR Bob Dobbs.
