Talk to your doctor and find out if it's time for plaque buildup.
He prescribed the buildup of plaque.
Along with bad cholesterol and the progression of atherosclerosis.
Ask your doctor.
Liver disease isn't for everyone.
Ask your doctor about severe lung disease, vomiting, and fatalities.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
Call your doctor and request the self-genius Powerball Squash.
Some serious side effects may occur, such as inflammation of the flatulence.
And thank you, Lemur.
Friends, this is Hour of Slack number 1158.
Only it isn't, really.
It's mostly Reverend Susie the Floozy's disease and anthrax special episode of Bob's Slack Time Funhouse
from wonderful.com.
W-R-E-K in Atlanta.
And we're rerunning it because it's great.
And because the world ends any minute now.
X days practically here.
And when that happens, we take the path of least resistance.
And put on this background music by the Flyin' Ryan Brothers.
And let somebody else do the show.
Here then, now, is the work of Reverend Susie the Floozy.
And we're going to hear the story of the

The program you are about to listen to is a true story.
It contains some of the most terrifying material I've ever encountered.
So often in a case like this, it's hard to pin down the details.
In the autumn of 1989, a company called Hazelton Research Products was using a one-story building
in the business park as a monkey house.
Hazelton Research Products is a division of Corning Incorporated, the company that makes



Pyrex glass cookware.
Corning's Hazelton unit is involved with the importation and sale of laboratory animals.
Each year, about 16,000 wild monkeys are imported into the United States from the tropical regions
of the earth, including humans.
Hello.
Welcome, gentle sunlight.
Welcome to the castle Amtrak.
The castle Amtrak?
Yes.
It's not a very good name, is it?
I hear about some animals.
I hear about some monkeys.
Monkeys?
Monkeys.
Yes.
Twelve of them.
He claimed that he had come from the future.
That he was looking for a pure germ that would ultimately wipe mankind off the face of the
earth starting the year 1996.
Hear him!
I'm mad about myself.
And I think you've got the mad scientist.
Mahmoud, you are acquainted with the role that Balib was to have played in the second
phase of our operation.
I am so.
We should be in Oklahoma City tomorrow.
If this car rolls out, if the two attacks come right on top of each other, the TV will
go nuts.
And the letters are ready.
We had to set a tone.
We had to make it a war.
We can't just have a couple of assassinations.
We have to make the media think war.
It has to be big.
If we want to get the great Satan, Sam snorted, it'll be for nothing if we can't get him out
here.
I'm mad about myself.










I'm mad about the rest of us.










In the world I see, they're stalking elk through the damn canyon forest around the
ruins of Rockefeller Center.
Oh you, you keep your head in the round and round and round.
Oh you, you've got your children knocked down.
You were nobody before.
I've since delighted with war.
I've since delighted with war.

I've seen who we are.
I've seen who we are.
I had a dream to you last night
At the end of the world
It's just like my dream.
That was terrible.
I'll just sprinkle you all with some amnesia dust.
A micro-break of a rainforest virus
with unknown potential to start an explosive chain
of lethal transmission in the human race
emerges in a cold geometry of clinical fact
mixed with flashes of horror so brilliant and disturbing
that we draw back and blink
as if we are staring into a discolored alien sun.
Oh, who left those freaking blinds open?
Ow, my eyes.
Oh, my friends.
Oh, my chest.
I mean, besides the obvious.
I don't think I'm doing too good.
Oh, great.
What have I started?
That's crazy.
That's nuts.
It's like someone who doesn't...
doesn't know us.
Not at all.
He said it happens all the time
that we can even get grenades in mines.
Yeah, these things have happened before
except when grown-ups do it.
They call it war.
So I said I wish you all would stop your groaning
stop cussing and cranking and shucking and moaning.
I wonder what would happen if you tell Jimmy
how far are you hitting and if he hits 10 in it
that Timmy would go and take Billy's hand
and hopefully someday they'll understand.
Cause what's gonna happen if you don't do this?
That will be Johnny and Frank are gonna wanna get your back.
And you and Timmy will go beat up Bill
who'll turn around tomorrow and wanna kill
you and him and Steven and Johnny and Jack
and one day one of you will try and get him back.
They call it Timmy, get Billy, who punched out Steve
when Steve hit Laura after Jack and Johnny hit Tommy
and Richard hit Emily
who accidentally pushed Debbie with a toothy sniff.
Billy fumped that over for a moment or two
and then he said, I bet I can beat up you.
So how do you feel?
Not too bad.
As long as I don't laugh or sneeze.
I don't feel so good.
Ah, Memorial Day.
A day when our war heroes are honored
by even the most liberal of media.
Not anymore.
Naturally we'll have more on this story as soon as it develops.
We now return you to the President's address already in progress.
Splash, ladies and gentlemen.
The President threw up this afternoon
on the steps of the Kremlin just prior to Keats' death.
He was heard to mumble something about Borscht
and was suddenly on his knees.
Before his bodyguards could assist him,
five or six peasants of undetermined origin
stuck several small protest signs on the President
which Scott taped.
Douche.
Douche.
That's my sound effect.
Douche.
Okay.
Douche.
Mr. President!
He leans over, head on his knees,
and brings up an incredible story.
He takes an incredible quantity of blood from his stomach
and spills it onto the floor with a gasping groan.
He loses consciousness and pitches forward onto the floor.
Then comes a sound like a bed sheet being torn in half,
which is the sound of his bowels opening as a sphincter
and drinking blood.
The blood is mixed with intestinal linings.
He has blocked his gut.
The linings of his intestines have come off
and are being expelled along with huge amounts of blood.
Brain damage.
Nobody home.
Now you don't see that every day.
What's the altimeter?
It's impossible!
My God, there's been an exposure!
The next day, a few bits of frozen meat from monkey 053
arrived at the institute, brought by courier.
And I, I did open that letter in my backyard with rubber gloves.
Um, before I get any of that on your hands,
I want to thank you for your support.







All right.
Monkey 2, 730 or anything.
Ah, you said it a bit.
What annoyed him was the fact that the bits of meat
were wrapped in aluminum foil,
like pieces of leftover hot dogs.
Like the kind of mystery meat you get in a school lunchroom.
That's nice.
Uh, uh...
I'm making my lunch!
Now I don't have to tell you all
that the dangers of science are a time-worn threat.
From Prometheus,
stealing fire from the gods,
the Cold War era of the Doctor Strangelove terror.
But never before!
We're gonna whip it out,
lube it up,
and wank it!
People who knew him recalled that he was affectionate with wild monkeys.
That he had a special way with them.
You know me?
And about your work?
My work?
Bioware, pathology, parameters in urban and semi-urban environments.
General Military Medicine, June, 1971.
Incremental effects, countermeasures to toxic agents in liquid systems delivery.
Microbiological letters, January, 1975. Remember?
The doctors remember the clinical signs.
Because no one who has seen the effects of a biosafety level 4 hot agent
on a human being can ever forget them.
Whoa! Ho! Ho!
I think the survivors would envy the dead!
I was a very peculiar doctor in those days.
Trying to find treatments for diseases that hadn't existed.
Tell all that to me.
The doctors invented them.
Now I'm the only game in town.
I was a military senior when they scratched the world.
As a matter of fact, I was gonna apply to Bioware lab for my postdoc, but...
The next turn never came.
You know that big dude?
He threw up because he got so agitated.
And if he'd known about our masturbation...
He got so worked up, he had to puke.
Yeah.
That's wrong.
He got a big ashtray up front.
I don't think...
A big ashtray that people had to empty.
The worst of them was Ebola Zaire.
The kill rate in humans infected with Ebola Zaire is nine out of ten.
Ebola Zaire is a slate wiper in humans.
That's nice.
Mm-hmm.
Ebola Zaire is the most feared agent at the institute.
Those people who work with Ebola are crazy.
To mess around with Ebola was an easy way to die.
But it was a very difficult task.
Better to work with something safer, such as anthrax.
Ebola was unpredictable.
A virus is a small capsule made of membranes and proteins.
The capsule contains one or more strands of DNA or RNA, which are long molecules that contain the software program for making a copy of the virus.
A virus is a parasite.
It can't live on its own.
It uses the energy and material in the cell to survive.
By attaching to the cell membrane, causing cell surface alteration.
It makes copies of itself inside a cell until eventually the cell gets pigged with virus and pops, and the viruses spill out of the broken cell.
They replicate in large numbers, mature, and release their massive battalions by blowing up cells.
Oh my God!
That was when I knew that Ebola can travel through the air.
Hold up!
We need to go!
It's a big laser, because there's something in the air.
It probably travelled through the air in aerosolized secretions, like drips coming out of a faucet.
Drip, drip, drip, copy, copy, copy.
Oh Jesus.
The faucet runs and runs until the cell is exhausted, consumed, and destroyed.
The viruses scatter, besieging more cells, and the infection spreads as the viruses increase in strength and number at a staggering rate.
Ebola virus destroyed an animal's internal organs
and the carcass deteriorated abruptly after death.
It softened and the tissues turned to jelly,
even if you put it in a refrigerator to keep it cold.
You wanted to dissect the animals quickly
before the spontaneous liquefaction began
because you can't dissect gumbo.
Is that...
Nothing we should mention.
No, that's the dissolution of...
Monkeys spit and throw stuff.
Monkeys spit and throw stuff.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I can make toxins from both of these.
An airborne strain of Ebola could emerge and circle the world
in about six weeks, like the flu,
killing large numbers of people.
Or it might forever remain a secret feeder at the margins,
taking down humans a few at a time.
But unlike HIV,
the attack by Ebola is swift and explosive.
Ebola does in ten days
what it takes AIDS ten years to accomplish.
Christ.
It's great.
Just great.
He's complicated, Doctor.
He had slumped to his knees, almost paralyzed,
clasping the stricken elbow with his other hand.
Everything had exploded into yellow light.
Inconceivable, inconceivable
that one blow could cause such pain.
The lights cleared,
and he could see the other two looking down at him.
The guard was laughing at his contortions.
He was lying on something that felt like a camp bed,
except that it was higher off the ground
and that he was fixed down in some way
so that he could not move.
Light that seemed stronger than usual
was falling on his face.
O'Brien was standing at his side,
looking down at him intently.
At the other side of him stood a man in a white coat
holding a hypodermic syringe.
Even after his eyes were open,
he took in his surroundings,
only gradually.
He had the impression of swimming up into this room
from some quite different world,
a sort of underwater world,
far beneath it.
I looked at these doctors.
I said, Bob, what in the world is all that?
I need a man who has dealt with the Americans and their vans.
Over to his left,
Winston saw the man in the white coat break an ampule
and draw back the plunger of a syringe.
He raised a finger to the man in the white coat.
Three thousand, he said,
speaking over Winston's head to the man in the white coat.
Two soft pads, which felt slightly moist,
clamped themselves against Winston's temples.
He quailed.
There was a pain coming,
a new kind of pain.
O'Brien laid a hand reassuringly,
almost kindly, on his.
This time it will not hurt, he said.
Keep your eyes fixed on mine.
At this moment there was a devastating explosion.
Uh, and yeah, that was what it sounded like.
It was undoubtedly a blinding flash of light.
Winston was not hurt, only prostrated.
Although he had already been lying on his back
when the thing happened,
he had a curious feeling that he had been knocked into that position.
A terrific, painless blow had flattened him out.
Also, something had happened inside his head.
Now I am a monkey,
a monkey, monkey,
monkey, monkey,
and I am a monkey, too.
Like a monkey ready to be shot into space.
Space monkey.
Ready to sacrifice himself for the greater good.
That's nice.
No one else wanted to do it.
Doc pulled on a pair of tight-fitting rubber surgical gloves.
Then, carefully, he used a sterile insulin syringe he'd bought,
removed a quarter of a cubic centimeter of blood,
and injected it into a soft gelatin cap.
Look at him jiggle.
Uh-huh.
Quivers. Yeah. Yeah.
Awesome.
Then he enclosed the gel cap inside a two-part,
coated, non-soluble plastic capsule
that I could carry in my mouth.
My mouth? Absolutely, tadpole.
When you're searched, people may be perfectly willing to stick their fingers up your
mob,
but they seldom want to run them inside your mouth.
Mop. Yuck.
Don't worry. You won't feel a thing.
I've got the strength to stop them.
Because there's nothing can beat it.
Keep holding.
Because you can't get up from the place above.
It's just a revolution.
And you know it's right.
You know it's right.
You know it's right.
You know it's right.
You know it's right.
You know it's right.
You know it's right.

We have got to get it together!
We have got to get it together!
You won't feel a thing till I jam this down your throat.
You got it, Pop.
Just let me run a few prints through it first.
I dried everything in his shells on him.
Join me.
Sweet!
Squeezing taste? Some monsterism.
A needle jerked into Winston's arm.
But somewhere or other there was a large patch of emptiness, as though a piece had been taken out of his brain.
We got him, we got him!
And utterly weak, and his spine goes limp and nerve-less.
He is going into shock. He is cracking. He can't talk.
Viruses.
Are molecular sharks.
Emotive without a mind.
They had been injected with the hottest type of Ebola known to the world.
You did what?
It was the Myinga strain of Ebola Zaire.
Oh.
This strain had come from a young nurse named Myinga N.
Who died of the virus on October 19th, 1976.
Some of her blood had ended up in the United States.
Kept in super freezers at the institute at the temperature of liquid nitrogen.
Man, woman, child, woman.
All is up against the wall of science.
We have got to get it together now!
Meanwhile, far below the Earth's surface...
If only I had a little pink button to push that could wipe out this town.
You hold the power of the magic figure-acer.
And it's yours right now.
You will be the first.
The miracle.
Tell me.
Is it possible to get me a hydrogen bomb?
I doubt it, your majesty.
How about germ warfare?
Do you know anything about that?
You mean poisoning the population?
Yes, that sounds like a fun project.
How about rabies?
Could we spread that disease inexpensively?
I think so, your majesty.
All we need is some rabbit bat pups to make a serum.

Fine, let's try it.
Rabbit bat pups?
And let's put in a little rat piff for good luck.
You are a genius, your majesty.
I know, I know.
The next day.
The next day.
The next day.
The next day.
The next day.
The next day.
The next day.
The next day.
Let's send the next thing off.
It's all wrapped up in one big beautiful pink package.
And if you could put a stamp on it
and mail it to Washington to the your favourite senator,
you might get in a few good licks for the human race.
What did he mean by that?
I don't know.
I would have a little peace and quiet for a while.
Come on.
Dad.
I don't bring you peace and love.
I bring you fear, famine, pestilence...
Dad, he's got a letter from the city of New York.
Throw it away.
Nothing good has ever come out of New York City.
approximately 11 40 this morning we got a call from the staff of senator tom dashiell that they'd
received a suspicious letter inside the suite in the capitol building room s 220 uh u.s capitol
police officers responded to the scene we secured the area and uh didn't allow anybody in didn't
allow anybody out all our hazardous devices unit responded uh they suited up and went in
and when they conducted an analysis of the substance they found a letter that had a
threatening note inside and a powdery substance inside of the letter stupid mailman squeal on me
they conducted an analysis of the substance with bio tickets both of those tickets came back
negative now who's being naive and the shepherd's boy cried
his neighbors supposing him to be playing his old game
paid
you
,
and devoured as many sheep as he wanted
thus the shepherd's boy learned that liars are not believed even when they tell the truth
and then and all of us understand that we will develop the truth over time because there's not
a desire to hide it yeah right me too
you
that was terrible i'll just sprinkle you all with some amnesia dust
i say live it or live with it
we're not that far gone but we're on the road the yellow brick road we're off to see the wizard
pay no attention to that man behind the curtain this interview is over
wash wash wash
wash your...
hands before doing anything that has to do with food.
Senator, what about the rumors that a biological weapon has been stolen and smuggled out of
the country during this conference?
Senator.
Watch, watch, watch.
Be a germ fighter with me.
Watch, watch, watch.
Watch, watch, watch.
Watch, watch, watch.
You can better communicate.
As a result of hardening the homeland against a virus attack with first-time responders,
our neighborhoods will be ultimately safer for crime.
It's funny because it's true.
Our response has been to weave a web of terrorism prevention and is the linchpin of all of our
efforts to protect terrorism.
Well observed.
Homeland security will make America not only stronger.
But in many ways better.
Knowledge gained from bioterrorism research will improve public health.
We will develop vaccines to fight anthrax and other deadly diseases.
Naturally, we'll have more on this story as soon as it develops.
We don't know exactly what the substance is.
What we do know is, according to our protocols, we've notified the FBI.
The FBI is on scene now.
This is now going to be a matter of a criminal investigation conducted by the FBI in conjunction
with the United States Capitol Police.
FBI, good morning.
FBI.
Yes, good morning, sir.
FBI, I found a terrorist in the hospital.
I know who did this.
It was those bullies at Tom and his Martin High School.
That's who.
Whoa.
There are now approximately 150 guerrilla groups planning a revolution.
The Church of Jesus Christ.
It'll never happen in my life.
I have nothing over which to get concerned.
Who are they?
First, we have the white.
A, 18 active type Ku Klux Klan groups.
B, the National States Rights Party.
C, the Nationalist Socialist White People's Party.
American Nazi Party.
D, the Minutemen.
E, the Christian Nationalist Crusade.
Anti-Semitic, anti-Jewish.
F, the White Panthers headquarters in Ann Arbor.
You'll hear much about them in a minute.
Secondly, you have the blacks.
Over 100 different groups.
A, Black Panthers.
B, Islam.
The fruit of Islam.
C, the Republic of New Africa.
Hey, what's she talking about?
I...
You know that hassle last summer between the bikers and the Indian people out in the Black Hills?
There was a bunch of cops and a bunch of bikers and the Indian medicine people.
It's not bad.
I fear for what we did to that boy.
It wasn't quite right, you know.
I think we made a crazy man.
You're calling me crazy, but I got a bad feeling about this guy.
All right, then. Let's do it.
Okay.
Look at this.
DJ, run it back.
Freeze.
Don't move.
Drop that ax.
I have to put the ax down?
This man.
The FBI believes we've evolved in nefarious activity.
What was the evidence?
Well, the man was seen walking into his home one day with a large pot.
And he was later seen dumping some liquid out his back door.
Oh, my God.
Oh, man.
That's ugly.
Well, it turns out that the large pot that he was carrying into his house was for his wife's favorite chicken and rice dish.
And it just turns out that the liquid that he was dumping out his back door was soap water that had come from a backed-up dishwasher.
Yeah, right.
Me too.
It's hard for me to clean this giant pot when it keeps throwing meat tenderizer all over me.
Oh, great.
Now I gotta work in the dark.
And Brax thought the FBI?
Who knows what?
Well, before he knows what's happening, in broad daylight, with TV cameras rolling, neighbors gawking, the FBI breaks down this man's door, holds him at gunpoint, with his wife and himself sitting on a couch, and says,
holding him at gunpoint, and interrogates them for hours before they're finally convinced that these people are involved in cooking a chicken and rice dish.
Now, what's particularly sad and troubling about this incident is not even those blatantly unconstitutional measures that the FBI took, although they're disturbing.
What is particularly sad about this incident is that when later asked about his reaction, this man said,
The FBI can come into my home whenever they want.
I'm not complaining.
It's not particularly easy, scientifically, to figure out that this particular strain of anthrax came from this particular place or person.
It's pretty hard to figure out.
I think the FBI is doing its best, and the Center for Disease Control is doing its best to try to get to the bottom of who caused the anthrax attack.
Not me. I'm more of a male tamper.
Yes?
Boss, we've got a problem.
International Health Organization.
Authorities were urgently concerned to find the exact source of the infected monkeys.
Well, you know, $29.95, I mean, it's not that big a deal.
What?
It's double the price on me.
Now, that's a friend rate.
$29.95 is a friend rate.
Trust me.
You go out on the internet.
Well, we don't have time for all this capitalist rambling.
Money, when it was needed.
When the scandal hit the FBI, kickbacks in an insider trading investigation, the administration knew where to go.
The boy from Phoenix had a reputation.
He cleaned up the Phoenix force, and he'd clean up the FBI.
But he wouldn't try too hard.
Not many people remember his early days in Phoenix.
The night spent hunting drunk Indian chicks.
And, uh, I'm sorry that these discoveries have been made.
With that in mind, do you have any concern about the FBI investigation?
I say to myself, not bad.
And pull out your booze-soaked sniveling rumpak.
That's all I'm taking from you.
Get back here, you jerk!
Let him finish.
Let him finish.
We've changed the attitude of the FBI.
I mean, we're not, we're interested in spies.
We're on the hunt.
Major cities in all parts of the country, New York, Los Angeles, report plague victims falling dead in the streets, in their home, at their work.
The first symptom appears to be severe choking, followed by immediate unconsciousness.
Death occurs within minutes.
Our fellow countrymen are dying.
The very foundations of civilization are beginning to crumble under the dread assault of that horror long feared.
You're a moron.
You're a moron.


We hit the older people.
Either died outright or went to the third stage pretty fast.
Well, you know, Linus and Mike, albinism, psychotic illusions, occasional stages of torture, like in King's Outlaw.
I've eaten everything from the roach baits, severe old cakes, and I still feel like crap.
It's me.
Turn on the TV.
Already, hospital facilities have begun to crack under the strain, and civil defense authorities state the situation is much the same across the country.
the entire country. Martial law is now nationwide. We have in this country a tradition of evoking
martial law only when the most dire of circumstances require it. But at what cost?
All eyes now turn to New York City to see if martial law will bring the terror to an end.
Good morning. Today, with the invocation of the War Powers Act by the president,
I am declaring a state of martial law in this city. To the best of our knowledge,
we are opposed by no more than 20 of the enemy. He's hiding among a population of roughly 2
million. Intelligence tells us that he is most likely Arab-speaking, between the age of 14 and
30, narrowing the target to 15,000 suspects. We can further reduce that number down to those
that have been in this country less than six months. Now you have 20 hiding among 2,000.
If you are one of these 20 young men, you can hide among a population of similar ethnic
backgrounds. Unfortunately for you, you can only hide there.
The population in a classic immigration pattern is concentrated right here in Brooklyn.
We intend to seal off this borough. Then we intend to squeeze it.
This is a land of opportunity, gentlemen. The opportunity to turn yourselves in.
After sundown tonight, any young man fitting the profile I described who has not cooperated
will be arrested and detained. There is historically nothing more corrosive to the
morale of a population than policing its own citizens. But the enemy would be sadly mistaken
if they were to doubt our resolve.
They are now face to face with the most fearsome military machine in the history of man. And
I intend to use it to be back on base in time for the playoffs. Thank you for your time.
Boring.
We will have more on this story as soon as it develops.
You better see a doctor.
A tiny core of doggy doctors. They take care of the Army's guard dogs, as well as Army
horses, Army cows, Army sheep, Army pigs, Army mules, Army rabbits, Army mice, and Army
dogs.

I'm sorry.
Plus, it's 12 o'clock.
No, no, I don't want to talk about a monkey on a baby's doctor.
Hello?
This is the solar process.
Wow, it's been a long time since you've been to consult me.
It still allows you.
I think it works for a while. It makes me feel better.
What you say, huh?

















What's your question again? I want to listen in.
I don't want to hear it now. Let me just show up, okay?
Oh, man.
Oh, God.
At the Institute,
Welcome to the Consulate, Chief.
the seats are narrow and jammed together, and you notice everything that is happening
inside the cabin. You would not have been able to ignore the man who was getting sick.
He was holding an air sickness bag over his mouth. He coughed and then he was able to

breathe. He coughed a deep cough and regurgitated something into the bag. He opened his mouth
and gasped into the bag. The vomiting goes on endlessly. The air sickness bag fills up
to the brim with a substance known as the vomito negro, or the black vomit, a stew of
tarry granules mixed with fresh red arterial blood. It is hemorrhage, and it smells like
a slaughterhouse. The black vomit is loaded with virus. It is highly infective. We need
to get rid of it.
The bag is increasingly hot, a liquid that would scare the daylights out of a military
biohazard specialist.
Son, I think I can safely say,
The bag is bulging and softening, threatening to leak, and he hands it to a flight attendant.
Hmph. Wise guy. You better see a doctor.
Our medical logic seems to be shooting out of his ears.
His ears are for a lot of...
When a hot virus multiplies in a host, it can saturate the body with virus particles,
from the brain to the skin.
The military experts say, then, that the virus has undergone extreme amplification.
During this process, the body is partly transformed into virus particles. The end result is a
great deal of liquefying flesh mixed with virus. His personality is being wiped away
by brain damage. Tiny spots in his brain are liquefying. The higher functions of consciousness
are winking out. The human virus bomb explodes.
He's rupturing, Captain. Pressure sense.
Readings confirmed. He blew a left testicle.
Military biohazard specialists have ways of describing this occurrence.
They say that the victim crashed and bled out. Or more politely, they say that the victim went down.
Is anyone here not a downer?
That's nice. Some of the men suffered from blown up, semi-rotten testicles.
Sure, sure. Who hasn't?
More testicles mean more iron.
Uh-huh.
Uh, that's nice.
Mm-hmm.
All of us want to know, just as much as I want to know, who's responsible.
All I bear to you two, and ten minutes later every cop in the state will be after us, plus the FBI.
Must prevent the terrorists and regimes who seek chemical, biological, or nuclear weapons from threatening the United States and the world.
The Iraqi regime has plotted to develop anthrax and nerve gas and nuclear weapons for over a decade.
This is a regime that has already used poison gas to murder thousands of its own citizens.
Fools of old! Poison gas!
And obsolete germ bombs!
Just as a freak tornado cruised through!
Sucking up two-thirds of it!
Suck, suck, suck!
For untimely dispersal over vast stretches of...
What?!
The wasteland. I wonder if it comforts him.
I wonder if I'll ever see a stream full of fish again.
Where'd you ever see a stream full of fish in Harlem?
You crazy bitch!
At the movies.
As a result of hardening the homeland against a virus attack with first-time responders...
What?!
...to detect biological and chemical weapons and agents, we're gonna have an even swifter response to food contamination.
That's my boy!
It was O'Brien who was directing everything.
It was he who set the guards onto Winston and who prevented them from killing him.
It was he who decided when Winston should scream with pain, when he should have a respite, when he should be fed, when he should sleep, when the drug should be pumped into his arm.
It was he who asked the questions and suggested the answers.
He was the tormentor. He was the protector. He was the inquisitor. He was the friend.
I guess what I want you to know as a father is...
You're no son of mine! You don't...
He paused and signed to the man in the white coat.
Good news, boys!
I found a pharmacy that carries leeches!
Well, it wasn't exactly a pharmacy. More of a bait shop!
Well, I'm fine! I really don't need any more home remedies.
Or a thermometer, my eye!
Think warm touch, boy, cause this is mighty cold!
You gotta pay the towel!
This is infectious diarrhea. Always precede lunch time.
Can I have the first line, please?
Oh, shit!
I think I'm gonna be sick!
Uh, the etiologic agent that causes infectious diarrhea
usually can be divided into three large groups.
Bacterial, viral, and parasitic.
And eliminate the terrorist parasites.
Actually, it doesn't necessarily cause diarrhea per se.
It penetrates through the intestinal mucosa to the mesenteric lymph node
and then to the bloodstream and causes enteric fever.
Oh!
And the most frequent major symptoms here...
Nausea,
vomiting,
abdominal cramps,
infectious diarrhea...
Yes!
Space monkey.
Ready to sacrifice himself for the greater good.
Sacrifice? Nonsense.
Doctor, what can I do?
The cough wracks his body day and night.
Let them take this man of yours up into the hills,
where his cough-torn lungs can breathe clean, fresh air.
But he perishes because the gods are angry.
He perishes because we live in a world full of superstitious fools.
It isn't the gods that make a man sick or well.
The gods could strike you dead for saying that.
Perhaps they will.
But I'm sure they won't strike me with a bellyache.
That's heresy.
Nature follows certain definite laws, which can be observed.
And the course of a disease may be more or less predicted.
And don't forget, in any population,
there's always the so-called background diarrhea level of 2 to 5%.
So, the use of diarrhea may not be due to the...
the foreign country, maybe due to yourself,
because there is such a thing as a background diarrhea rate.
He looks pretty sick to me.
Hey, I think he's coming around.
He's coming around, folks.
He's gonna be okay and ready to play Symptom 6 of Beat the Reaper.
Last week, our patients successfully survived the common cold,
measles, pneumonia, dengue fever, and the yawns.
And now, the big question.
Are you ready to go off?
Well...
He's ready!
Now, our countless nurse Judy is wheeling our patient into the isolation ward.
Well, let's try the test vaccine, uh, 93B71.
Can you hear me in there?
How the hell do I know?
Okay. Let's shoot him up.
Now, patient, you have 10 seconds to tell us
what you've got and beat the Reaper!
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
I'm shaking.
I'm shaking.
My hands are all...
I'm turning yellow.
My...
My god, I've got jaundice!
Jaundice it is!
Give him...
Well, that's Symptom 6.
And now, you've reached the final threshold.
Here's the question.
Are you ready for symptom number seven,
longer than any patient has ever survived?
I want to go home.
Only one way to do that.
Doctor, bring in the super shot!
Now, for the first time on Beat the Reaper,
we're going for the big disease.
The icebox is being unlocked by the president of the Armenian Medical Association,
under whose strict supervision these toxins are being administered.
Uh...
This is it.
Doctor, give him that really big disease!
Now, patient, can you hear me?
You've got ten seconds to tell us what you've got.
And for the last time, beat the Reaper!
I feel...
I think I feel...
I don't know, whatever...
Whatever it is, I...
I want to die!
Oh, I'm terribly sorry.
That's not correct.
You didn't beat the Reaper.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
According to my careful prosthesis,
this man has...
the plague.
Thank you, Doctor.
You're welcome.
You've got the plague.
Well, isn't he a good sport, folks?
We'll be back in just a moment with our next patient,
but first...
Pulling off the towel,
he revealed an unmarked cardboard box,
wound heavily with tape,
put it in the trunk of his car,
and drove to the Institute.
And, uh, the jars of urine?
Ooh, we'll hang on to those.
Ah, these Laramie cigarettes
give me the steady nerves I need to combat evil.
You're a pretty active man.
Shut up!
A massive traffic tie-up
as the death rate continues to soar.
Now, let's go to the river's edge
and Charles B. Smith.
Torches blazing
as the long line of shrouded funeral rafts
drift lazily into view.
Great black candles flickering
as hell turns.
The excitement is contagious,
and so are the Black Cross volunteers
as they pass from family to family,
pausing now and again
to touch a child's head.
I wish I could,
but I can't.
Ah!
I know they're gonna do everything they can
to protect you.
Safeguard the labs and other federal facilities
from being infected by these spores
and this material.
And that's angry swimmers here!
Get your germ lab out of here!
At the Institute,
he saw that they were bursting and dying.
They were infected with something,
and it killed them fast.
It killed them like flies.
It could multiply in many different kinds of meat.
It did not know that they were dead.
It could not know boundaries.
It was an invasive life form,
devastating and promiscuous.
It showed the kind of obscenity
you see only in nature,
an obscenity so extreme
that it dissolved imperceptibly into beauty.
Oh, ordinarily,
I take advantage of an introduction like that.
I am so damn sick.
Uh, I'm evil Susie.
I had an appointment.
And, uh,
yeah, just for your own,
uh, information.
I'm much more tractable
if you get as many pills down me as you can
in the first few minutes of the consultation, okay?
Ah, ah, ah.
Aspirin.
Are you 46?
Oh, yeah.
Ow!
Ow, wouldn't you give me that?
It's strong antitoxins.
It's not bacteria than viral, Ruth.
24 hours.
Oh, I guess it'll help.
Ah, ah, ah.
So damn sick.
Milwaukee Pest Control.
Shh.
Ah, ah, ah.
Yeah, I really love you.
Lucky to be ambulatory.
Ow!
A gallbladder attack or a liver abscess
could cause fever and jaundice
and abdominal pain.
The red eyes she could not explain.
Oh, yeah, that was, uh, uh,
nice decor, though.
What is this, a big cage?
This was a room known as the staging area.
Oh, that's good.
She found a box of latex rubber surgical gloves.
Everybody's feeling gay.
Hey!
Ah, ah, ah, ah.
Ah, ah, ah, ah.
Ah, ah, ah, ah.
Who the hell are you?
We're the lymph node institute.
I'm Dr. Bug Bladder.
I'm Doc Ellis.
I'm Dr. T-Nut.
Whatever works for you.
I'm evil Susie.
This is a soap opera.
You know Susie.
Like I know Susie.
You're not being Susie.
I don't know her in the...
Biblical sense?
...church way.
Oh, yeah.
Boy, what that is a good kiss.
That's on our face.
Ooh, there.
That's a dick.
Yeah.

Yeah.
She leaned forward and vomited copiously on the floor.
Yeah.
That was what it sounded like.
Oh.
Oh.
That's better, she said, leaning back with closed eyes.
Never keep it down, that's what I say.
Get it up while it's fresh on your stomach like.
She revived, turned to have another look at Winston,
and seemed immediately to take a fancy to him.
She put a vast arm round his shoulder and drew him toward him,
breathing beer and vomit into his face.
So, you're cute.
Yeah.
Because you're often...
Um.
...want to...
Uh.
Oh, Grandpa.
I want you to drink some.
You guys are fun.
She was eager to prove herself, especially since some people around me were skeptical
of her ability to work in a space suit in Level 4.
Hey, look, guys.
I'm with Pantyhose.
He can't get much safer than that.
I'm with Pantyhose.








Uh-huh.
He quivers.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Awesome.
They put on white coats and surgical masks, and the two men walked down a large,
cinder-block corridor, lined on both sides with steel doors leading into Monkey Room.
Through windows and the doors, there could be hundreds of monkey eyes looking at them
as they passed.
So then I'd sit back up and ask for my $10 back.
Oh!
He got it, too.
I'll get that back.


So that's how we met, Susie.
Yeah.
And then we...
Uh...
Uh...
I remember that.
Me, too.
That's nice.
Mm-hmm.
This was long before Anthrax, any of that.
They were around.
They were on.
And, uh...
Remember that time we partied with Anthrax?
Yeah.
We were cool.
Oh, my God.
It's so funny.












I'll show you the picture.




Red light!
Red light!
At the Institute, there is a level four containment hospital called the Slammer, where a patient
can be treated by doctors and nurses wearing spacesuits.
If you are exposed to a hot agent and you go into the Slammer and fail to come out alive,
then your body is taken to a nearby level four containment morgue known as the Submarine.
What's up with that?
Nothing you should mention.
If enough cells are destroyed, the host dies.
A virus does not want to kill.




That is not in the best interest of the virus, because then the virus may also die, unless
it can jump fast enough out of the dying host into a new host.
They did not care to do research on Ebola, because they did not want Ebola to do research
on them.
No one else wanted to do it.
Wanted to do what?
Do it.
Okay.
I'm going to do it.





A new variant of Ebola.
The
P عن
not
di
z
the
p
up front, waiting for someone to come through the door.
And I just scooped them up and put them in that big, decorative, you know,
immovable trough thing that you guys have.
That's wrong. In the ashtray, that's wrong.
In the ashtray, a big ashtray that people had to empty.
Well, it wasn't like I was the first.
There was a big guy.
Hey, it's just a throw up.
The Level 4 airlock is a gray area,
a place where two worlds meet,
where the hot zone touches the normal world.
A great deal of blood waited on the other side.
She would be handling the blood, getting it all over herself.
And the blood was saturated with Ebola virus.
The blood was radiantly hot.
Is it just me, or is it getting deadly right here?
Yes, but the show is engorged with blood now.
Okay.
Good boy.
She handed her a pack of deception tools,
and they turned and faced the stainless steel door together.
The door led into an airlock and Level 4.
The door was plastered with a biohazard symbol and warning.
You know, I still call that idiot, and I don't...
Hey!
Hey, where are you guys going?
I thought you were going to go with me.
I'm making my lunch.
I'm making my lunch.

You lousy bastard!
I know how high-tech nerds like you operate.
I know you got a view scope around here.
You enjoy your lunch after you see this.
Don't!
My God, there's been an exposure.
I can't entertain myself, let alone this hospital.
I wonder what this little pink button's for.
Daddy!
Abort firings! Abort firings!
Interception will fragment bacilli-carrying missiles.
Repeat, abort firings!
To send it to Jesus, uh, here is the Pentagon.
A warning, Judgement.
Well, here it is.
Here.
Now.
In the form of billions of microscopic bacilli.
This is the end.
20, 30, 40 percent among the 18 to 55 year old segments of their populations.

And yes, these numbers are accurate.
Boo! No way!
It is not difficult to imagine the substantial depopulation of large areas.
Are you out of your mind? Come on!
I wish it were possible to do everything at once.
And you better believe it.
Give it to me straight.
And not hang around any longer.
And not hurt anybody that doesn't believe it.
I can take it.
You get their plague.
Oh, man.
Some of you already have been bit by it.
Oh, he bit me with my own teeth!
Your risk of getting these diseases begins to decrease.
Well, I'm quitting for my health, too.
Psychosomatic.
Does that mean you're crazy?
No, that means he was faking it.
No, actually, it was a little of both.
Sometimes when a disease is in all the magazines and on all the news,
it's only natural that you think you have it.
It was brought home to me how Americans are already answering that call.
Hello?
Oh, I'm nuts.
When I spoke to a friend of mine who's the head of a postal union,
shortly after we learned of the anthrax threat,
I asked him how he was doing.
Not well, he said.
We've lost two workers in Somerset.
He said, I went to New Jersey where they had some of the most dangerous diseases.
They were the biggest problem.
Because of anthrax, all the workers were working in a tent,
exposed to the cold,
hand-sorting the mail.
He said, I thought I was going to get an earful.
But when I asked for questions,
a man stood up and said,
I've been a postal worker for 30 years.
We're here.
We're here!
The punishment was you and those like you brought upon us.
You taught them how to make bombs.
That's why you were looking for the wiring signatures on that blue bus.
Now they're here,
doing what you taught them how to do.
There's no probe here.
Find one.
Yes, sir.
This place is dirty, Doctor.
Doctor, these animals are dirty.
They stink.
They carry communicable diseases.
Why aren't they cleaned up before they're brought here?
You don't sound happy in your words.
There's little more than a vet in this laboratory.
Thanks, Dorothy.
I'm just passing through.
She unplugged her air hose and unlatched the steel door
and entered an airlock.
The airlock was made entirely of stainless steel,
and it was lined with nozzles for spraying water and chemicals.
This was the decon shower.
The decon shower.
A contamination shower.
The door closed behind them,
and they crossed over to the hot side.
One side keeps the other side going.
I hear about some monkeys.
Hey, who is it?
You gotta get right behind this alien, Bimbo, though.
They unplugged their air hoses and proceeded down the hallway
and entered the monkey room.
The healthy monkeys went nuts.
Humans and spaces make monkeys nervous.
All the monkeys in those cages were infected with Ebola virus.
Their immune system had failed or gone haywire.
They sat almost motionless in their cages,
watching the two officers with expressionless faces.
They had been injected with the hottest type of Ebola known to the world.
It was the myelitis strain of Ebola Zaini.
I love Ebola Zaini.
I love Ebola Zaini.
I just can't be feeling for a little bit.
Oh, you are sad and foamy.
I don't want to cheer you in by a lot.
Come on.
Let's take a walk.
Come on.
Come on.
Take from flies when you eat outside.
Remember, flies carry dangerous germs on their feet.
Get up already with the germ!
I don't care!
Find a sign.
In the morning, the near traffic this morning is as bad as it gets.
Due to a fire at the army testing lab, a bunch of escape-infected monkeys are roaming the expressway.
Despite the sweltering heat, don't unroll your windows because those monkeys seem confused and cannibal.
I'm ready to take you home and you can inverter me back here with the load of wood.
We're in place.
We're in place.
The army is reporting the ape's position.
General Sutton clearly favors a capture and not a kill.
Units under Colonel Nevin have left their headquarters to block the male gorilla and divert him to where he can be apprehended.
Oh no! My dad's gonna kill me!
The virus absolutely nuked the monkeys. It was a complete slate wiper.
Is there anything you can do, doctor?
I mean, seeing how you've lost over 200 million patients.
You seem like a nice lady.
Well, that nice lady set the cause of biological warfare back 30 years.
We're only now finally caught up.
Hey.
You know, I'm starting to feel a lot better.
Maybe there's something to this medical science racket.
Sister, you're healed. You can get out of that bed.
I don't know about that.
Now he gets the house, there's a whole bunch of them in there going crazy.
Woo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!
It's so bad, isn't it?
Jesus, you should have been here quicker.
If Jesus doesn't come quick enough, do you give up?
Hmm?
You've got Groningsen's disease. I can see ten clear symptoms on your flesh.
You're gonna be dead in two weeks.
And I became convinced I had the disease.
The symptoms were so evident and said,
Oh, what should I do?
And then you said,
Don't worry. This is a cure to Groningsen's disease.
I sold my house to raise the money to get it to you.
I've given it to you as a free gift.
I'm not gonna despise your sacrifice.
I'm gonna appreciate it.
And I'm gonna appropriate it. Why?
Because I've seen the disease.
But I might appreciate the cure.
And sadly, what's happened in the U.S. and the Western world has followed,
is that we have preached the cure without first convincing the disease.
My brethren, our task is nearly complete.
He was the last of those who brought the punishment to us.
We have cleansed and purged his world.
I don't have it.
How's what?
It's plague. I'm immune.
Everybody has it.
Everybody but me.
Yeah!
Hey!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Ten days after he fell sick, the doctors noticed a change for the better.
His fever subsided and his eyes cleared.
His mind and personality came back.
And he recovered slowly but completely.
He was released from the hospital.
And then, right after that, he died.
And I kind of see there's something not quite right about that.
He did it a little odd.
Not the way he died.
It's, uh, I kind of question it.
There seems to be some, a lot of unanswered questions.
Food for this blood went to laboratories around the world.
Some of it ended up in glass bottles.
Oh, no!
And freezes owned by the government. Oh, no!

And freezes owned by the United States Army.
Where it is kept immortal in a zoo of hot ages.
Blech!
Blech!
Blech!
It was a complete slate labor.
Shhh!
Shhh!
Ahaha!
Well, after that, all I've got to say.
You want to know what's going on?
Subgenius.com
Ahaha!
If you want to get more information.
Ahaha!
Ah!
Subgenius.com

Oh, Susie!
Cover your mouth when you do that, would you?
I'm staying here, um, March 16th of so-called 2020.
Uh, I might as well tack some extra news and stuff on here.
As you might have guessed, we here at Subgenius Foundation started hoarding early.
So, we have lots of corn cobs and goosenecks and ammo.
And I suppose...
Subgenius.com
Uh, we started that straw bale veggie garden just in time, too.
Uh, until that starts growing, we have plenty of ingredients for goat and prickly pear cactus stew.
And, uh, disinfectant wipes soup.
I have a cough, but I think it's just cedar allergies from living in a forest.
Not the Covfef-19 virus.
Even here in the Texas boonies, the store shop...
Our shelves are empty, so we've been buying lots of shelves.
As Onan pointed out, in about three weeks, the cuisine will be whatever the neighbors without guns have.
Anyway, we have some good news.
The Subgenius documentary movie by Sandy Boone got a distributor, finally.
And, they will, of course, be pushing it into your local art theater and universities and onto Netflix or Amazon Prime or something.
And, they will, of course, be pushing it into your local art theater and universities and onto Netflix or Amazon Prime or something.
As soon as possible.
As soon as possible.
But, the bad news is the DVDs that are owed to all the Kickstarter contributors, like me, can't be released until after those commercial showings happen.
Uh, lest you Subgenius scallywags mass bootleg it to each other on account of it's so good.
It really is.
But, that probably won't happen for a few months.
The bad news is, other bad news, our Cleveland house has been bought twice, almost.
most, but fell through each time because the would-be buyer didn't actually have the money.
So we're broker than ever, and yet at the same time I need to raise a thousand bucks as soon as I can
to get a parole attorney for my little sister. Normally that wouldn't be a problem, but it is now.
So you know what to do at subgenius.com. Go there and look at the thousand years of subgenius
artwork and writings for free. But at some point remember the lovely yellow donations button.
And don't all your loved ones deserve to have subgenius membership packs before they all die
so that they won't really die? Or about 10 of those nifty little metal Dobbs head pins? Or the
Bob shirts? Or the coffee mugs and face masks and disinfectant packs with Dobbs heads on them?
So,
okay, slack, slack, I'll stop my begging and leave you with one last PSA that's sure to tickle
your funny boner. I found this on something called Democratic Underground, but it's a government
public service announcement about the Covtheft-19 ultra virus. I can't play this on broadcast radio
stations, but then most of the ones we're on are college stations, and I think they all just shut
down.
Yesterday.
Hello, I'm from the government with an urgent message about the coronavirus. We know many of
you are confused. Some say it's no big deal. Italians are freaking out. The Chinese are
hiding out. And Aussies seem to think the virus attacks your butthole. Medical experts have coined
a scientific term to describe the situation we're now facing, a shit show. It's important to note
that the shit show isn't caused by the virus itself, which we can manage.
Rather, by dangerous levels of egregious dumb fuckery spreading about the virus. Through forensic
analysis, experts have traced the path of the dumb fuckery back to this malignant shit funnel,
who said he's not worried about corona since it's no worse than the flu. One of the symptoms of dumb
fuckery includes not understanding simple math, leading many to laugh off this virus for only
having a death rate of about 2%. Since experts say the US alone could have 96 million cases,
2% of that comes to approximately...
A lot of fucking dead people. Of course, the death rate is much higher among older people. This has been largely dismissed due to another symptom of dumb fuckery, not caring about the elderly, or as experts call it, being an asshole. If left unchecked, this shit show can drastically
worsen the impact of coronavirus by overwhelming a country's healthcare services. For example, the US only has 1 million hospital beds. Oh, and face masks will probably run out too. So as doctors and nurses get infected, there could also be a shortage of
them. When you combine all that with a government that has no regard for science, a vastly uninsured workforce without sick leave, and millions of guns, you get what experts call a munted shit show. To avoid a munted shit show in your country, experts are now advising governments worldwide to be the exact opposite of America. If you're not already infected by dumb fuckery, we ask you to spread this graph among your friends and family instead of bullshit memes. It shows how by flattening the contagion curve, we can slow down the spread of the virus.
So our hospitals and carers can cope. You can help flatten the curve by practicing hand hygiene, avoiding large gatherings, and phoning your doctor if you develop symptoms. Delaying the spread even by a month could prevent thousands of deaths, and not just corona deaths. It also means fewer deaths due to any emergencies requiring hospital care, which could mean you or your loved ones. And remember, if you do run out of toilet paper, Rupert Murdoch produces a wide range of bog roll replacements worldwide. This has been a message from your local government franchise.
Goodbye.
