Well, I think it's about time now.
We tipped her, we tipped her, we tipped her...
He's looking at his watch.
We dipped her with the prairie...
Dip the prairie squid, did you say?
I'm ready for some of that.
I'll dip a prairie squid.
Oh, it's that other tape. That's what it is.
Chocolate-covered prairie squid, did you say?
Yeah, yeah, and that's a recipe that we probably don't want to put in.
Man!
Did I just wreck your computer there?
Oh!
I just stepped on his guitar, folks. It's been a long day.
Let's try going to the phone.
What a clumsy ox. You're going to pay for that.
Every cent should be calculated and taken against your account.
I hope you're satisfied.
What do you have to say for yourself?
I hope you're...
Sense.
Well, with the surviving populace clinging tenaciously to useless routines
in hopes of retaining that one last tiny vestige of sanity,
you know, the least necessary and most superfluous aspects of society,
such as bureaucracy and red tape, will remain in place down to the final possible moment.
Mm-hmm.
And the deorgasm, popped-out, depleted mankind-ordnance of the de-unruptured subgeniuses
will be left to handle the machinery of state or snakehood.
Shane, look out!
The subgenius powerhouse.
What?!





I'm tired of that cosmic version.
I'm tired of that cosmic stuff.
I am, too.
I'm into the just down-to-earth bacon and eggs, meat and potatoes...
Rubbing sandpaper all over your nipples and your chest and your...
Yeah, good old... good old-time prairie-squid-loving...
Coffee and lemon pie.
That's oil and oil.
Sure.
Oil?
Yeah.
I just forgot.
You know, coke buh... peanuts and Coca-Cola of old days.
Goobers and chomping on your... chomping on yourself.
Yeah.
I'm sick of plastic cards.
I'm sick of pulling up behind gas stations and punching into, like, little concrete monoliths
and having pieces in Unix...
Yeah, me too.
Yeah, I'm sick of it.
I hate that stuff.
I hate that stuff, and I hate when people pull up behind you in some monstrous vehicle
that was never meant to be, fueled by beings which may or may not have existed based on
someone's own Freudian preclusion.
Shit.
Or some Velikovsky nightmare.
When the whole time we could be space-traveling billionaires.
We could be eating fried chicken in the park.
Yeah.
We could be...
That burns me up, man.
What does?
What you just said.
I can't...
All those dwarfs in the trucks and everything.
Yeah, all the dwarfs in the trucks and the times that...
Hey, you guys sound like idiots.
They're too loud.
We've already...
Yeah, I'm fine.
I don't know what's happening.


I'll give you my attire to help you stop seem to know what's on your mind.
Okay.


Not again.




We head to the point.
Nope.
We'll do it in a minute.
So, look, dude, you don't have any tools.
You don't have

I don't.
He's the true Yeti, son.
Put that thing down.
Put that thing down.
Yeah, it's not funny, man.
Put the gun down, Dave.
It's not loaded, is it?
It's not a real gun.
Look, see, it's a liquor made thing.
That's okay.
Just put it down, Dave.
No, no.
Just come over here and try a chew on it.
It's got lemonade inside of it.
Okay, look.
Awesome, baby.
Just give it a little try.
It's wax, man.
It's made of wax and you bite it and it's got lemonade inside of it.
Right, right, Dave.
That's right.
Do you want some wine?
Would you like some lemonade stuff?
Ma'am?
It's kind of scary.
Just give it to me.
Just give me the keys to the truck.
Huh?
Just give me the keys to the truck.
I'm a guy.
I've been driving so long, I...
What?
It's okay.
There, thanks.
Fits very good.
Now, Princess, we will escort you to your hive chamber.
Do I have to go in there?
For reprogramming.
I have to go in the hive thing again?
Just put on these shackles.
But I can't remember all this stuff.
I go in there and I get...
All right.
Be careful, Wally.
I'm going to clamp them on.
Okay.
Oh, my feet.
Do I have to wear these things?
I can't stand that sound.
What's with the guns back there?
Yep, his gun still works.
Too bad about his mind.
It was said that Don Carlos, when he discovered the Emerald Tablet,
had devised a plan where...
All the priests within the immediate vicinity
would come to make out its veracity
to check and to go through various biblical sources
and see if it indeed did indicate
some sort of apocalypse coming in the year 1998.
Eh...
Nostradamus said that from the sky
would come the great king of Jacare,
or could it be...
Perhaps...
Perhaps pronounced Jokery,
or could we stretch it that far?
It was...
He predicted Hitler,
though he spelled it Hister.
But yet he said in 1999,
from the sky would come the great king.
Edgar Cayce said that 1998 would be that time.
Would be Jacques O'Dour's time to come back from...
And Jacques Cousteau said that it would be
seven o'clock in the morning on July 5th.
Wearing pampers out on a broad Jamaican sea,
staring scurvy...
People used to watch television.
They'd make peanut butter jelly sandwiches
and leave other people alone.
That's Jacques Cousteau right now.
I thought that was the meteor magnate.
Or the meteor man.
Is that the weather man?
That's Peppy in the background.
I'm home again.
I'm dreaming.
I think it's...
It's Peppy.
Listen.
Wake up, Dave.
Peppy.
Wake up, Dave.
I stepped on Peppy.
It'll be okay.
It'll be okay.
It's just a dream, Dave.
I never had no dog named Peppy.
Your friends are still here.
For me, the Tin Woodsman.
Tin Lizzy.
Yeah.
You're much fatter now.
The Cowardly Lion.
Oh, the Cowardly.
Yes.
Yes.
It was only a dream.
That horrible, boring world of trucks and sidewalks.
And sausages.
It was just a terrible dream.
And banel onions.
You've been here in Oz all along.
Oh, it's my...
These flakes on my mouth.
It's so dry.
It's...
I've been here all along?
Yeah, you were just...
You got knocked out.
Well, how the hell did I get knocked out?
When they dropped that house...
What was on your head?
Oh, I thought it was...
When I was arguing with that bitch.
You know what I mean.
Yeah.
Thank God we're safe.
I don't know what his...
Don't I?
Don't I?
What his problem was.
You know, what the hell.
She was giving me some stuff, so I might as well...
Oh, there.
Here it goes again.
Am I in there?
Boy, I...
I think something's missing here now.
This looks like a little teeny tiny room.
Now, how the hell did I get in here?
We've been orbiting the whole time, Dave.
You're still in a little tuna can in space, remember?
It's gonna be another nine months before we get on all the way over to Jupiter.
Yeah, but when do they hatch?
Do we get to get out before they hatch, or we gotta wait?
Oh, you'll know when they're hatching.
I thought I'd be in some kind of hibernation chamber or something.
Well, but most people wake up for the last few seconds of their life as the thing is bursting their chest open.
Well, what the hell are we doing this for, then?
Well, you signed up.
You signed up.
The contract is in the computer.
Well, I...
You thought the corporation was a great idea.
You said we should all climb into the little capsule, and we'd get paid.
By the time we got to Jupiter, we'd be paid a million bucks each, and sure enough, we will.
It's just that it's our estate that gets it.
Yeah, but it's just...
Because you didn't read the fine print, Dave, and now we're all stuck here with you.
For another nine months.
What?
Huh.
I never...
Yeah.
I was never capable of reading the fine print.
I just...
And you just keep having these dreams and going off into fantasy land, thinking you're back on Earth doing radio shows.
We have to keep nursing that.
And every time I have a dream, how come one of you guys changes?
Like, I dreamed my wife was attacking me with a car, and next thing I know, out there I was out in the side room, and some Russian was talking to me, and a woman was attacking me with a car.
Somehow I think you guys were involved in this.
Yeah, and what are you keeping back there?
What's in that big box anyway?
That's our space hyena.
Well, what's the...
Rover.
And it's...
And the...
The scorpion rooster creature that we picked up on Mars.
Well, how come we don't get to lick at him?
You can lick him.
You can lick him any time you want.
Remember what happened last time you licked him, though?
What, the eye socket thing?
Yeah.
Well...
It wasn't easy getting that scorpion rooster barb out of your mouth.

I thought you said that was another dream.
Give me a mirror.
I want to see if there's anything wrong with my eye socket, man.
Let me look in the monitor.
You can't look at your own eye, Dave.
Yes, you can.
If I look in the monitor, I can look at my own eye.
I'm not listening to you right now.
What the hell?
I have no eyes in there.
Why don't you calm down and take a stress pill, Dave?
I don't see what difference that's going to make.
Now, I'm looking in there, and I'm not...
Am I hallucinating or something?
I have absolutely no eyeballs in my socket.
Now, this isn't what happened in the eye socket.
And before, usually just like ripped out a chunk of the side of my face.
You can't see your own eyes, Dave.
You can't run from your own legs.
Jayner told you that a long, long time ago.
Yeah, but you can't talk to your own voice.
You can't smell your own nose.
You can't swallow your own throat.
If they pull one eye out, just before the optic nerve severs,
that one eye just for one second can look at the other.
That's true.
If you carefully...
Is that not so?
That's true.
If you pull it out, and we did this with Jayner.
We pull it out just enough and turn it around.
You have to be very careful turning it.
One eye can actually be seeing the other eye.
But that's not really the point.
The point is, say a one eye, you can't see your own eye with that eye that's seeing.
You can see your other eye, but you can't see your eye that is doing the seeing.
You can only see the other eye.
You can look in the mirror, but that doesn't count either.
This is all mere metaphysical...
You can't digest your own stomach, Dave.
Juggling and juxtaposition.
And you can't hide from Bob, because he's stupider than you.
I can't believe that.
No, it's true.
That's the miracle of it.
That's the beautiful thing.
That's why Bob hates you.
I'll be whipped by a miracle whip.
It's kind of dangerous to believe that, Bob.
I didn't want to believe that.
I didn't want to...
Careful with that.
You could turn into a frog or something.
You never know by saying those kind of things.
You've got to keep it...
You're entitled to your own opinion and all that.
See, he's talking about the convicts, too.
See, he knows.
He knows.
I was talking about...
Well, when they hurled those convicts at Jupiter, I think that's the kind of thing that'll keep people...
But it will turn into a frog.
It'll teach them a lesson.
When the plutonium lands there?
Well, it's more of a discouragement for criminals.
You know, if they see their...
See, you kill somebody.
You propel them into Jupiter.
Carrying plutonium on your back is...
I think it's a cruel way to execute criminals.
I know, but don't you think it's cruel, we, to have people ejaculate into space with plutonium on their backs to ignite a third sun in our solar system just because they might have maybe murdered somebody?
Well, yeah, I think that O.J. guy, they ought to shoot him into Jupiter because he's guilty.
I saw it on TV.
Yeah.
I saw B.Y. go.

I saw B.Y. get drunk one time.
Then T.M. got drunk, too.
And then I saw Z.B. got so damn drunk, he shot his old woman.
And then X.M. got drunk, too.
Papa Booey. Papa Booey.
Wow.
Where'd they come up with that?
Sinking like a pop worker into mountains of glass.
Rearranging your furniture like a knife on pork.
We are in search of...
...a man.

At the sound of the falling tree.
And it's midnight.
The witching hour.
The witching hour.
When some geniuses and lonesome daves come crawling out from under their...
The witching hour.
...moldering, rotting logs and their damp stools, biting down on the dead bodies of the dead.



Bugs and slapping each other with their long, sticky tongues.
All moist and sleepy.
Midnight.
Midnight.
When those who should not be on the streets are the streets.
It's red light, man.
You idiot.
You almost ran it.
Captain Anvil spit.
Do you have a quarter?
Do you have like a 50 cents or a dollar?
To wash a windshield?
Yeah, can I give you a minute?
Look at this, uh...
Hey, man, I'm like an alcoholic.
I'm really hurt for...
I don't know.
...like a quarter bear.
Can you give me a dollar?
I got it on the right because it's about five and a half years ago and that's why my arms
all bent up like this.
But if I had a quarter, see, then I could probably take it.
It could do this balancing act.
All the best drunks are named Bob.
Bob could take a leak right through your head.











I'm gonna put a leak on it.
I'm gonna put a leak right on that.

It's gonna come out of this thing and it's gonna be right there on the third rail.
Some guy went over there after Bob took a leak on the third rail and tried to put his
tongue on it and, uh, he went right there and some Bobby, they called the guy, like
a Bobby type, um, you know, and he was...
He had all the claws on and everything.
He stuck his mouth on it.
I'm gonna be just like Bob.
I'm gonna stick his tongue in my mouth and I'm gonna go commune with aliens.
You know?
I'm gonna be a little ape, baby.

I hope they just aren't wrong.
I'm gonna play on that third rail.
Huh?
I'm gonna go lay in front of the bus
like I seen Bob do that one time.
Why can't I commune with aliens?
That's the part that's like Bob.
They're figuring out just how we gave our secrets all away.
And Congress has appointed a committee, so they said,
to find out who's American and who's a low-down red.
They called him up to Washington to speak for Uncle Sam.
But when they asked him what they are, they shit up like a clam.
I wish they'd take and put me on the witness stand today.
I'd shout so loud old Stalin could hear me all the way.
I'm no communist.
I'll tell you that right now.
I believe a man should own his own house in Warrentown.
I like in private ownership.
I won't be left alone.
Let the government run its business and let me run my own.
Yes, Bob Dobbs is no communist.
He'd sell you the shirt off your back.
I'm not sure.
So, come with me.
Be proud and honest here with me.
Instead of taking bribes and dressing up their wives in vain.
The taxes keep on going up of that very little town.
But still they just can't take it in as fast as they dish it out.
Our national debt is monster-sized and going every day.
Our children's children still unborn are gonna have to pay.
Our dollar used to be the soundest money on the planet.
But now people believe us by one good dollar's worth.
Unless we stop inflation and take care of what's in our pockets.
We promise to make it right and never fire a shot.
At the sound of the falling tree.
Can you tell me a story before I go to bed?
Yes, I can, dear.
I'll tell you a story about the shrinking intellect.
It's about a whole town full of people whose brains got smaller
at one time.
Well, it actually took about five years.
I don't know what started this.
I don't know where it began.
But it reached such a sorry state that people would walk up and down
from one edge of the town to the other, burbling inanities to each other
and sniveling off people they didn't quite dig.
And then, pretty soon, big hunks of their teeth fell out
because the decay had seeped down from their brain area all the way into their mouths.
And next thing you know, the tongues was a-wiggling and they were in pain.
That's right.
They were in some heavy, dark pain.
But the tongues kept a-wagging.
The brain was dead.
The brain had actually atrophied into a piece of lumpage.
Say what?
Another prophetic vision brought to you by WCSB Cleveland.
You'll think it's weird.
Man, I'm glad I got that one on tight.
Now, I heard once that Bob was the queen of sailors,
that Bob actually was a hermaphrodetic, was hermaphrodetic.
Oh, Bob has, you know, they say that God has, is everything.
Yes.
Yeah, Bob has already been everything else.
Well, I think it's, you know, when we invited you to come on Gay People's Alliance tonight,
we thought maybe we would talk a little bit about how Bob was androgynous,
and as, then is Bob is God, you know, is that what you're trying to say?
Well, androgynous isn't really the word for it.
It's more like he's all man and all woman all the time, all together.
Well, that's a combo I'd like to be or I have in myself.
He's too much of everything.
Too much, too much.
It's never not enough.
Mo Bob.
So, how long will you be in town, and what's with the groovy shirt?
I think that's just beautiful.
That's a beautiful shirt.
It looks like Curly Howard, isn't it?
Yes, it's a Curly Howard, Andy Warhol, Curly Howard.
Oh, I loved Andy Warhol so much.
And yes, he did Curly just before.
Yes, the tragic woman, the tragic woman with him.
What was her name, Edie Shrimpton or something, I forget, or Shrimp Pocket, or, but I remember.
She was wonderful.
I have a lot of her things.
Now, again, this Bob guy, you're going to be in the Newkirk Mall tomorrow night, riding the ponies,
and you'll be endorsing your Bob or whatever it is.
Oh, I'll be endorsing your Bob, Dave.
Well, we're on the air right now, so.
We'll talk about it later.
We're going to break away.
This is really making me uncomfortable trying to talk this way.
I don't know.
I just, you know, like, I mean, sometimes I can at a party, you know.
If I'm dressed up, if I have the wig and the dress and everything, sure.
But, you know, I'm sitting here with the headphones, and it just, you know.
I know.
It feels, if I'm not wearing a pair of high heels and stockings, I just can't do it.
That's the way I feel, you know.
No, no, you got to be in the mood.
It's more than the mood.
You got to have a certain feeling when you say wig.
Yes, I guess it's just that certain genre that fits sometimes and sometimes it just
doesn't fit.
Yes.
Bill knows.

Bill.
I mean, Bill's all dressed up.
He's looking good, Bill.
He's looking just like the Princess Wee-Ah-Dow from Queen of All the UFOs.
It's my best costume.
Do you also do Liza Minnellian?
And what's the other one's name?
Did you do?
Yes, I have the Liza wig and the lashes, yes.
And the Connie mask.
And the Merkin.
Yes, oh, well, every woman should have a Merkin that makes her feel just like Connie.
Prescripture's 917.
That is in Prescripture's 917.
There's even a picture in this new subgenius book, Revelation X, of which I have the first
11, most of it, all laid out here.
It looks like you have most of it imprinted on your forehead in a micro-
I have it, well, just behind my forehead here in the chapter 4, Mondo Connie, the Gossip
According to Connie Dobbs.
Look at this picture, folks.
Oh, I, I, let's just, let's get like Fiorello LaGuardia.
Take, now describe the three pictures you see on this page.
It looks like a tantric Shiva woman with a million tiny small arms looking at a bald-headed
Mohawk woman and struck by a hammer.
Am I wrong?
Well, but the bald-headed Mohawk woman, that's not a Mohawk, that's the Merkin on top of
her head.

That makes her feel just like Connie.
And anyone can, can they snap a Merkin on, like, perhaps like a teasy little toupee you'd
wear out to the mall or something on a Sunday?
Or is it, is a Merkin something that's a weed?
If they can just bust free from their chains of inhibition, if they can throw away their
wallets and purses, slap that Merkin on top of their head and that underwear around their
brow, and just parade through the streets, just flaunt your abnormality.
That sounds like a point of carmination.
Take that hammer and nail that thing right through that organ.
Nail it, nail that sucker, nail it to the table, man.
Ow!
Just show the normals what for.
Woo!
That's a point of carmination I think should be mentioned over and over again.
Nail your organs to the floor.
But what exactly is a Merkin?
It's not a weave, it's not an implant, it's not Rogaine or some sort of topical solution.
No, a Merkin is a sort of a wig.
It's a, in the Middle Ages, women were often...
Similar to a codpiece.
There were many skin diseases, of course, we didn't have the miracles of modern medicine
that we have now.
And women sometimes became bald-headed just like Merkins.
And sometimes they became bald-headed in like their armpits, shall we say.
And a Merkin might, for instance, be used as an armpit hair.
Because in those days, of course...
Or perhaps any other part of the body where a hairy part might be needed, right?
You could slap a Merkin perhaps...
Like a forehead in your case.
Oh yeah, yeah.
Or a palm.
I could slap a Merkin in my forehead.
Or a palm, yes, exactly.
But there's a patient...
Is the paste have anything to do with what happens afterwards?
This is not really just a cosmetic Merkin.
This is actually a medicinal, I guess...
Frank Sinatra has to wear one.
I have that at Confidential.
He's got the medicinal blue.
He's got the ice blue Merkin.
Yeah, you can't even tell when he's singing.
No, the ice blue Merkin is doing the song.
And he's just dancing in step.
It's just the bag that's singing.
Well, it's just like with Bob.
It's the pipe that's talking.
It ain't Bob.
He, you know, the pipe is...
Well, I shouldn't say that.
Bob is talking, but the pipe is directing what Bob says.
It's the amplifier.
I mean, it's good.
It's Bob's not doing...
It's not like the pipe is some evil entity that controls Bob.
It's that it amplifies Bob's already powerful slack force.
Is there anything left of the original J.R. Bob's...
Bob Dobbs left?
If indeed the pipe is actually doing the magnificence...
The utterances which come out of his foul trap are enough to make you...
Well, the autopsy showed that the brain matter was still present, but was interlaced with tendrils of an unknown...
Of an...
And the pipe, they couldn't get the pipe out of his mouth.
Bob had...
By the way, the autopsy, Dave, showed that Bob only had one beer.
How many did you have, man?
I didn't have...
Just think about that.
Jeez.
Was he killed by one beer?
Or was...
Or was it the beer that was talking?
I have what?
You have two.
Some people have moles.
But I don't care to discourage about it.
And I don't want to be...
I lost one.
Moles are beauty marks anyway.
Yes, he said with a wan smile.
I thought they were like ferrets, the magic-esque creature that crawls from holes.
The magic mongoose.
I thought they were like...
Yeah, the merkin was a mighty ferret.
No.
In the Middle Ages, during the bubonic plague, didn't they put place of ferret on their forehead to ensure some sort of magnetic surprise?
Yeah, but the funny thing was that the plague was actually carried by fleas, which were carried by the ferrets.
So those foolish medieval people and their silly superstitious medical treatments...
I'm sure that our current modern medicine will always seem...
incredibly advanced in future ages.
Why do you think they call it moleskin?
That's kind of a condom, isn't it?
Did I get it?
What?
She said something about moleskin.
I still like to be bled.
I like...
Well, we're all going to be ruptured, I hope.
Maybe that'll be some sort of topical disenfranchisement.
Who else but Bob can you trust during the rupture, my friend?
True words were never spoke.
Who will give you that feeling of support, I suppose?
Besides Bob.
Who can hold your guts in...
And...
When they're screaming to get out, out, out?
Yeah, it's been a long night of guts screaming to get out.
As a matter of fact, my thorax tried to pop out through the top of the tube.
And it's not allowed to go above that little green line there, see?
Your thorax fell into my abdomen!
Wasn't that a joyful collusion there?
Your abdomen fell into my thorax!
Say...
Say, my cranium was severed by a gigantic septum of some sort.
My septum was deviant, and therefore it could not parlance.
It did not learn the correct and the crude.
It... it caroused.
It had its day in the sun, and then went to sleep under a distant moon.
Wow.
I knew a guy whose, uh, bad septum...
His septum developed a hole in it.
This one guy I know.
And he had... he had to have his septum replaced with a plastic plug.
But he kept the piece of meat that had been removed from between his nostrils.
And hired a... a well-known underground painter, a famous guy, to paint his septum for it.
Paid 500 bucks for a painting of his diseased septum.
And then never picked up the painting.
That was the best part of the story.
It was the concept, man.
So somewhere in San Francisco... in San Francisco, there's this...
deviant septum.
...this black velvet painting of a septum.
Of a guy's septum.
And it...
It...
It wields a sinister influence, the painting does.
You gaze into it, it's like looking at a picture of Bob.
You just get lost in it.
It's so tiny.
A septum is a very tiny painting to be on.
And also, what would it hold?
Like, perhaps Elvis smoothing a velvet tiger?
He would... yeah, he had...
On the tiny septum... the septum was only about an eighth the size of your little fingernail.
Oh, Jesus, less than the Michael Lange.
And on that, Paul Mavridis had painted this tiny microscopic picture of Elvis,
as if on black velvet.
Oh, then it was Elvis.
A picture of Elvis doing a sword fight with a bull.
Well, I... I like to see Elvis bullfighting pictures.
I had quite a few of them.
I had crying clowns.
I had the tigers.
Did you have the dogs around the bar?
Oh, hell yeah.
The dogs playing poker.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know, that scene will come true in real life, as...
I heard.
...after 1998, when the X's died.
Yeah.


And then, I think, when all of this technology is left on our benighted planet,
people will turn themselves into creatures that look like that,
and that corny old painting will turn out to be a perfectly ordinary common sight in downtown bars.
It's one way to go wandering in Dallas and just maybe clip the turn around into the old...
in Chaffey's Bar or someplace like that.
There'll be people walking around...
Eschew with, like, dog masks or just literally full of hair.
No, their face would be... have been genetically...
genetically morphed so that they were, in fact, dog-faced old men sitting around smoking
cigars and playing poker.
I was a dog-faced old boy.
And they'll be...
You'd be able to...
People...
There'll be millions of people walking around.
Every city will have dozens of people who look like Kennedy, for instance, or Martin
Luther King.
You know, you can look like anybody.
Think how many Elvises and...
Or some guy...
...Michael Jacksons there'll be.
Or some cousin of yours in the Air Force that you never really knew.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That was...
Had his mouth was slightly different than it really was.
You could be...
You can be anything that time around.
I think I'd like to look like a kind of a doggish JFK with a little bit of that Bob smile
to it.
Well, now, think about it, though, Dave.
This ain't like getting a tattoo.
You mean...
It only goes one way.
You're stuck.
But think of the things that teenagers will do to themselves.
The things they do now...
Think what they'll be able to do when they can, like, grow up.

Grow up into a giant bat devil wings.
Or what they can all look like, you know, have pumped up Rambo muscles.
Yeah, or can wear clothes that look like barbecue aprons...
Or...
They'll look like the Mitchell and Tyre man.
Yeah, or actual barbecue grills.
They'll be...
They'll be teenagers...
Teenage girls who look just like Snoopy.
Peanuts.
Jeez, what a rush.
That would be...
And you'd go to jail for that, wouldn't you?
There'll be Garfields walking around on the street.
And there'll be these hideous visages every now and then.
There'll be people who look like Snoopy.






They'll be people who look like Bob.
They thought it would be real cute to be permanently changed.
Have their facial faces surgically altered.
To have that sardonicus-like grin.
That hideous, rictus grin that would...
And the pipe implanted in their teeth and everything.
Their eyes given just that insane glint.
You know, it's...
Yeah, I don't know.
I mean, ain't no kind of world for an old man no more.
Well...
After this espousal, I can only wonder what kind of surgery you must have gone under
to get the pipe-like grin and also some of the weird brain fusions.
Oh, they tell me I was born...
I'm not a joker, man.
I'm an ace.
I want you to understand that.
I can't understand the difference between the cards yet.
I know I'm trying, but...
I'm not a joker, man.
I'm not an ace neither.
It's more like a quagmire I'm lost in.
It's just...
A splattering of 52-dose.
I've got different numbers in the deck, and I can't figure out which one to go with.
I thought I'd like to be a ten of clubs, but it turned out I was a ten of club foots.
Yeah, that'll get you out of Vietnam.
That got me out of Vietnam.
Why did you want to go there?
Fucking panty waste.
Uh...
The post-it states WCSB, and I'm about to tell you what I want to hear.
Hey, this is getting more realistic and lifelike.
There's, like, retarded women.
There's retarded people calling me up and talking in my head.
I doubt if we'll ever be able to resurrect these sea monkeys.
Jeez.
Look at this one.
It's sprouting a whole new head.
I wonder if I mix this solution back in again.
Maybe some of them...
I could make it take a spore from one of them and reclone the spore.
Eh.
I'll just go take a nap and write a little report to the committee.
I'm telling you...
Bob?
Bob?
I haven't heard the voice of Bob.
Bob?
There's just something in the background there.
I can't make that voice out.
I can't make that voice out.
Hello?
Well, the only thing for me to do on this shift is, well, I gotta remember to call the bathroom.
And I gotta, well, remember to eat that stuff they call food.
I can work out again.
Yeah, what's that?
I'll go read some more technical manuals.
Take on some more stuff on the monitor.
Hell with that.
I'll try on this Mr. Peanut suit.
Yeah, this thing's been laying around for weeks and I haven't had any fun with that.
He's hallucinating the peanut suit again.
We'll have to make note of that.
Tell the psychiatrist.
Mr. Peanut used to come to all the fairs and he'd pass out donuts and give favors to the kids.
And bags of peanuts, of course.
I love that monocled eye.
You know what's funny?
All of those volunteer, quote, astronauts, unquote, start imagining the peanut suit.
Something about Mr. Peanut.
Do you suppose the Russians had something to do with that?
Could they have breached security and implanted the Mr. Peanut fantasy?
Look, he thinks he's Mr. Peanut.
I'm Mr. Peanut.
And if it's not Mr. Peanut, it's Ready Kills.
Kill a lot.
Mom and Dad, we enjoyed the opening of the 7-Eleven.
Remember, it's a child's land corporation.
It's kind of sad in a way.
Oh, boy.
I'm taller than all the other Mr. Peanut men.
This is a very, very big, important convention of Mr. Peanut men.
I think I'm standing...
Do you suppose his suit is over-medicating him?
I wonder if I'd stand up even taller if I would stand up much more from the rest.
But why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?

Why?
Why?

Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
I'll make a note of it.
We'll have to tell the psychology department.
Oh, now I'm blonde, Mr. Potato Head.
And now I've got red hair.
We ought to tell the cruelty department, too.
They can start implanting evil Mr. Potato Head and evil Mr. Peanuts.
No wonder they gave me a shriveled up Mr. Potato Head.
Because now I can scare the little children.
I like this mask.
What the hell was that?
There's no welts on the back of my potato.
This must be some sort of Stanislaus Lem movie or something.
Anything you think of, it's...
Welts...
Mr. Tuber costume.
It's the big sweet potato head.
Oh, I love this one the best.
It's carved out in the middle.
Do you suppose he has any inkling that all of his silly antics are being broadcast to all the people on Earth?
Oh, I don't think so.
On the crazy astronaut channel?
He's fully lost.
One of these days he's going to switch through those channels.
And he's going to come.
On the channel with him on it.
Okay.
Massive.
Massive.
Not real?
Dave, your gyros need stabilizing.
Dave, check your computer.
Wait, who?
Your gyro, you're spinning.
You're in a spin, Dave.
Whose voice is this?
Stabilize the gyros.
Is this a real voice or is this a real voice?
Turn up the oxygen switch.
I'm getting lightheaded in here.
Reach for the oxygen switch, Dave.
I'll think I'll turn on the oxygen switch.
There, he did it.
At least he thought it was the oxygen switch.
What's wrong with the switch?
There's green stuff going on.
Good, he needed a good washing.
Oh, my God.
They always panic when the suit fills up
with the cleanser.
Cleansing fluid.
My kneecaps are so short.
Right up to their nostrils.
Oh, my God.
It's like he doesn't...
Wait till he finds the church air switch.
My hands are clean.
My face is clean.
Hello.
Hello, Dave.
Feeling better now, Dave?
Feeling better now, Dave?
What?
Everything I say itches.
No, no, no.
We're not doing that, it says.
It's just...
It's just...
It's...
It's just us, Dave.
The voices in your head.
We didn't want you to be alone.
I bet I could write a whole symphony
on this hollow potato.
That would be something to do for five years.
We'd sit around going mad.
It's that alternative.
There have been great symphonies
written about hollow potatoes, Dave.
Great symphonies.
Why don't you try it?
It'll keep you busy for a month or so.
Yeah, why don't I try it?
I could, like, make...
Thousands and thousands of little holes,
like some sort of chromatic key.
I could just get a little...
Dave, the cat's loose in the spaceship.
Let me check the monitor for...
Shit!
Cat's loose.
Damn cat.
It's crawling all over all...
All those...
Faders...
You better catch that cat, Dave.
It's walking across the control panel.
It's right near the control panel.
You're going into a spin again.
It's going right on the control panel.
You're destabilizing.
Oh, my God.
I'm gonna...
I'm gonna destabilize.
This thing's gonna start flipping.
If I don't get down there right away...
Ginger.
Ginger.
Ginger.
Ginger.
Oh, good.
Look.
Princess Wee, the cat's mutated.
Just as we were hoping.
What the hell are you...
He let it wander into the cargo hold where it was exposed.
What is that?
Ginger?
Is that you?
Jeez.
Ginger.
What the hell is the slime all over your neck?
What you getting into?
Just let me get a little closer, kid.
What's wrong?
Try to make friends with it, Dave.
I'll try and make friends with it.
Try to make friends with Ginger.
Yeah.
Ginger is always a nice little kitty.
It's just sick or something.
I'll make friends.
I'll pet it and take it back out of here.
Ginger.
Now settle down, Dave.
Try to communicate with it.
It's a new form of life.
No one's ever seen a cat spider before.
It could teach us things.
Oh, my God.
Think what it could mean to science.
Go on in there, Dave.
Go on back into that cargo hold with that giant mutated cat spider.
And if I could just talk to her, maybe...
It's gotta be intelligent if it's moving this far.
It maybe has something to tell me.
A little kitty or whatever the hell you are now.
What the hell's up?
What's up?
Oh, it just needs to be comforted, Dave.
Your music soothes the savage beast.
Why don't you put on some music?
Ginger.
He's gonna play a little song for us.
Maybe you should put out some milk for it. A little tray of milk.
Um... I was wondering...
Be careful now. Don't let it get hurt.
You know, its blood can burn a hole directly through the spaceship hull.
It'd create a terrible vacuum and suck you out into space like...
toothpaste out of a tube.
Well, it looks like you're going for it, my man.
And whatever you do, don't let any harm come to Ginger.
The War Department is very interested in your little tabby.
I don't think we can deal with this right now.
What's coming up over there, my man?
It's a big blue spot.
And we'll be back to the Lonesome Couch.

Cowboy Dave flipping out in outer space channel.
After these words from our controller.
Cue up the... cue up the controller tape.
From PR News in Washington, I'm undergoing treatment for alcoholism.
On Wall Street 1686523.
PR's bed.
Dangerous, malicious, and reckless.
PR's bed.
This is PR News.
House Speaker Dennis Hastert used banned performance-enhancing drugs.
Two Americans are winners of this year's Nobel Prize in PR News in Washington.
Dealing with overpopulation involves more than birth control.
I say kill them all, let God sort them out.
I say send them back to Lexington.
I'm into the voluntary human extinction movement.
I say let them eat green cheese.
Let them eat green cheese and let the cat sort them out.
Let the mutated spider cat.
I say exterminate all of these funk monsters.
Everything's putrid, out of its deal.
Stop the whole genetic purge.
Is there any coffee on this spaceship?
Is there any Ritalin in this little tiny...
Now come on, Dave.
I know you got some of that whiskey stashed somewhere.
Back with the bio-samples from Mars.
Bio-samples?
The samples are stuck in my heart.
They're coming up to the major guard.
And I didn't actually go back to when you came.
And I was just in a dream.
We can't understand a word you're saying, Dave.
I was sorry, pussy. That's for sure.
What?
That's good, man.
Thank you.
I like your dog face. He's looking good to us.
He's lost in space, friends.
It's sad.
I'm tired.
But it's part of the risks these astronauts take.
Thank God cremora don't make you sleepy like some of the other ones do.
Well, at 1 o'clock, your suit will put you to sleep.
I'm waiting. I'm waiting.
I'm waiting for my suit to put me to sleep.
Over the last five and a half hours, my suit has enthralled me.
My suit has put me to sleep and waked me up again.
My suit fed me.
My suit evacuated my bowels.
My suit lulled me into a false sense of security.
It's a comforting suit.
My suit talked to me.
My suit made me feel very insecure.
My suit expanded and contracted a few times.
I didn't understand what that was about.
It was punishing you, Dave.
The suit punishes.
The suit punishes and the suit rewards.
The suit rewards you, Dave.
My world is in this suit.
This is my entire world.
The suit is your friend.
It's a nurturing cocoon.
Oh, look at the cut of my socks.
This is the kind of seasoning that would make any, any young man in America jealous as hell.
I'm a true hero.
Wearing this suit made me a hero.
And I'm proud of it.
I'm glad I signed up now.
I think my suit's filling me with pride.
Oh-dee-do-dee-do-dee-do.
I'm afraid that's not pride, Dave.
You shouldn't have eaten those freeze-dried beans this morning.
They just had a little fuzz on them.
I didn't see nothing wrong with those beans.
Yeah, your suit may be filling up with a lot more than mere pride.
Oh, there you go.
He's using the zero gravity tool.
He's using the toilet again.
Oh, boy, this is kind of a...
Whoopee!
Oh, no, he left the flap open.
Look, the stuff is floating around inside the cabin now.
It's coating the windows.
We can catch that stuff on a window.
Way to go, Dave.
Smooth move.
Did you...
Oh, no.
Well, now the emergency lights have gone off.
Oh, activate the...
The little robots have to come out and clean up after you again, Dave.
Activate the cleaning unit, please.
Hello?
Activate the cleaning unit.
The suit's going to have to...
The suit's going to have to punish you again, Dave.
Hello?
I need a clean up on the front window.
Oh, shh, shh.
The thing's going to be stuck there for weeks now.
Of course, in this vacuous atmosphere, it won't smell much, I don't suppose.
Yeah, just don't take your helmet off.
I wonder what would happen if I took my helmet off.
I never tried it.
No, don't do that, Dave.
Wait a minute.
Maybe something might...
I don't know, maybe...
This is not a pressurized cabin.
Might not be such a good idea after all.
Fiddle around with these...
Oh, look, he's trying to light a cigarette again.
He can't get it up to his lips through that helmet.
Damn.
That must be the 5,000th time he's done that.
Shh.
Huh.
16 cartons of love.







Look, he's not...
Can't smoke a damn cigarette.
It was a brilliant move on the part of the psychology department to put that no smoking
sign blinking in there and those 20 cartons of cigarettes that keeps up the sort of tension
that keeps the astronauts...
Oddly enough, it keeps them mentally healthy.
You know, it's so alone out here, the only friend I've got's my own guitar.
Lucille, you've been with me through thick and thin.
Can't smoke.
Can't really eat a good meal.
But I can still sing a song.
I think I'll sing a song about my intergalactic exploits.
Shh.
Can't even hardly touch these fragile, these big mitts on.
Years have gone and years have gone, but still I'm a flying bug.
And someday I'll get there and maybe I won't and I'll never know the reason why.
Shh.
It's the worst one yet so far.
I just keep on working it.
I have my opera all figured out by the time I get there.
And then I'll make it back to Earth.
Some more herodom and fame and fortune.
I'll be back.
Fortune for me?
Just chop that up and search the deep.
You'll be the biggest folk music star on Alpha Centauri, Dave.
Oh, God, I could see it right now.
I could be like the Woody Guthrie of Alpha Centauri.
You'll be the only musician in the whole star system, Dave.
Of course, yeah.
I'll be the only musician in the whole star system.
You'll be the only music fan in the whole star system.
Yeah, and my head will be shaped like a gigantic fan.
Like one of those Komodo dragons or what do they call them?
Monitor lizards when they get mad.
Good, we've got him doing stream of consciousness again.
That should keep him amused for a few more days.
I wonder if they got a reefer on Alpha Centauri.
I wonder if they got hot like Earth type babes on Alpha Centauri.
The suit is your girlfriend, Dave.
It's yours.
It's clamping down.
It's constricting.
It's tightening up.
It's form fitting, isn't it?
It's...
I didn't know this suit could do this.
What the heck is going on?
All right, that's enough.
Turn off that function of the suit.
Now let's make him exercise.
Put the suit in exercise mode.
There we go.
He's plumping up and down.
He's flopping.
My knee joint's going out again.
What the hell is this music in this?
It's some good aerobatized music.
We must keep our astronauts in good shape.
He's got resistant calisthenics.
Jumping jacks at this time of the morning.
It'll be five years of this if he's lucky.
Oh, man, I can't do this for five years.
I can't do this for another minute longer.
If he doesn't happen to hit one of the platforms,
if there are any in the Alpha Centauri system,
then he'll just have to go on to the next star system
20 years past that.
But you'll probably hit a planet,
some sort of a... or a moon, or an asteroid,
or something, some body of rock floating around in space.
Huh.
Think of the romantic cartoon man on a desert island
with nothing but one palm tree and a shark.
Yeah.
That romantic fantasy will be yours.
Yeah.
Only high-tech style, Dave.
I'm a high-tech style romantic hero figure,
abandoned on a distant moon,
cast into space like some piece of effluvio on the sea.
Someday I'll be home.
Someday I'll touch the shore,
a distant shore somewhere.
Much longer of a wait.
I'll get there someday.
If you get bored, Dave,
you can always just put a note in a bottle
and send it out into the radio waves,
like you've just done for the last two hours.
This has been ESO Radio.
Thanks for watching.

I'm WCSB Cleveland with my guests,
Lonesome Cowboy Dave,
the Reverend Ivan Stang,
and the Princess,
We Are Doe.
My name is Chaz,
and I'll see you all next week.
Yay for Chaz.
He's the mix master.
Yes, friends, thanks to Dave and Chaz,
and we, and the callers,
and WCSB Cleveland for that strange and wonderful broadcast.
Nice recording there.
For more information, of course,
it's subgenius.com,
and we really do intend to do our X-Day celebration
up until the saucers get here at 7 a.m. July 5th,
online, I guess.
I mean, I'm not sure what we're going to do.
It should be interesting.
To tell the truth,
I imagine what the X-Day Zoom meetings,
it'll probably be all day and all night,
practically, for that week.
It'll be about like the real X-Day,
in which the best part is standing around in the road talking,
or sometimes sitting around a campfire talking.
But mostly it ends up being standing in the road,
at least for me.
That's my favorite part of all those festivals.
The music is fantastic.
It's fun.
And the jibber-jabber from Loudmouths on stage is fun.
But really, the best part is just the talking to the other subgeniuses.
It's interesting.
Speaking of other subgeniuses,
Lonesome Cowboy Dave is,
well, he's probably permanently in kind of a fix.
It's going to be hard for him to get work in Ashtabula
with his physical condition.
And, you know, they aren't going to help.
So maybe we can.
If you look at subgenius.com on the radio section,
the Hour of Slack pages,
there's a button or a link to the GoFundMe for Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
And of course there's a donation button on that page,
just for Hour of Slack,
and on the front page of subgenius.com.
And now this.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Free your radio and your mind will follow.
Free Think Radio is your one-stop source for all the subgenius shows, including the Hour of Slack, every Thursday at 11 a.m. Eastern Time, we think.
Yes, friends, freethinkradio.com.
With Time for the Show, National Cynical, Puzzling Evidence, Bob's Lifetime Funhouse, Fergan Fridays.
And the Hour of Slack, every Thursday at 11 a.m.
Praise Bob and praise Freethink Radio.
And now this.
Gee, I want to try Triology.
All the kids are doing it, Mom.
There's a Dobbs head in every bar.
Yes, an embedded Dobbs head of soap inside.
Inside a bar of translucent soap.
You can see Bob lurking inside.
And it tells fortunes as you rotate it swiftly under the water, lathering away the conspiracy smudge and other schmata.
If the Dobbs head comes up at the end in the true perfect pipe placement position, you'll have good luck all day.
If it comes up the other way, 20 more years of winter.
That's Triology Soaps.
It comes in every flavor and scent.
That's not nonsense.
It's almost every scent you can think of.
And they all have funny names.
Praise Bob and praise Triology Soaps.com.
Try is spelled with an I.
