And, uh, always remember to put the name of the show on the envelope with your, uh, pledge, uh, a check.
Welcome to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack, sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
Hoping your time is all time, and all your unpermissible truths are happy truths.
Here's your host, Reverend Ivan Stein.
Folks, before I bring our star out, uh, well, you know, you know, what the hell, a joke's a joke, right?
And, uh, I mean, he kids a lot about religion, you know, and, uh, lesbians and dope and, uh, politics.
But what the hell, yeah, he was in the, in the service.
He was in the service for three years, and, uh...
They had once attacked him, and felled him to the pavement.
He was taken to the receiving hospital where his wounds were dressed.
Thanks a lot, Pete. That's all the Laugh-A-While news.
Welcome, dear friends, to the Laugh-A-While news.
We'll ask you to laugh along with us for a while, while we do the news.
Are you from Fresno?
Things are getting crazier all the time, Ted.
Crazier and crazier all the time.
But they're all making news, and it's all news.
Inform them.
Eternal salvation.
Or triple your money back.
The Church of the Subgenius
bring you another 33 minutes of condensed,
uraglic functions
over the quality audio-visual techniques
exacerbated,
and complicated
by
The Church of the Subgenius.
Copyright 1985-86.
Oh, Dr. Spurgeon.
Oh, Dr. Spurgeon.
What about the code, Bill? Are we doing all right?
Well, so far, uh...
I've got a copy here of the production code.
I think the, uh, talk of, uh, murder, Professor...
Initially, of course, the code says that the, uh...
technique of murder must not be presented in a way that will inspire, uh...
imitation.
Uh...
And, uh, and, uh, and, uh, uh...
Brutal killing...
Get on with it!
Brutal killings are not to be represented in detail.
I...
That is, revenge in modern times shall not be...
Uh, Ted, I think that you missed an important point there.
Ted?
Oh!
Oh, memories.
Memories.
Memories.
We ain't got no legs.
That means I ain't got no legs, you ain't got no legs,
and them men in there ain't got no legs.
Now, what does that sound like to you?
The subgenius.
It gets up and kills.
The people it kills get up and kills.
Should any other shows be heard from or contacted in the course of this show,
the listener is advised to...
To remain calm and only contact listed or unlisted officials
in the event of any material from this radio or other listening device
being inhaled during broadcast.
Uh, yes.
Uh, friends.
Good to be back with you, although, you know,
I've had...
Uh, your dear host and prayer partner, Reverend Stang,
may have to admit something to you.
Uh, we're kind of in trouble.
Here, I should say I'm in trouble with the conspiracy.
We told the conspiracy we'd have this new subgenius book finished by now,
and, uh, well, actually, we told them we'd have it finished last August,
and, uh, then we told them we'd have it finished by now,
and now we still don't, and, uh,
and, uh, until we finish that new subgenius book, Revelation X,
the, uh, the podcast,
we can't finish the Start the Fist magazine,
and, uh, can't get any other jobs,
and we don't get paid to look fun,
and can't do a whole lot of hour of slack preparation
when you're chained to that computer.
So, um, but what you do end up with
is lots and lots of pages of words,
and those words, I mean,
it's gonna be...
It's gonna be a year before you read those words,
so instead, you're just gonna have to hear some of those words
from, uh, Revelation X, the Bible Pocryphon,
and as it says here on this particular script,
dear friend,
did you know that through the church of the subgenius,
you can learn to live with your sins?
Oh, yes, dear friend,
because, you know, we, in this church,
we use promises of sex to lure converts,
uh, and so come and get it, man.
I mean, here we are.
Come and get it.
It's not pornography, officer.
It's empowerment.
And, my friends, my lady,
you can learn to masturbate without going blind.
You can perform astral,
sex,
with anyone you want.
You can, you, yes, you,
can have intercourse
with beautiful, live, nude,
Y-mind,
or damn near anything else.
Because Bob, friends, Bob is a sex god,
and he has come,
and come again to rationalize your sin.
Through the master Bob's patented techniques of astrochemistry,
and B.P. Wow's amazing tantric deviational technology,
you will learn the real secret behind magic and freemasonry.
Sex hurts, trademark, until it feels so good.
It hurts.
Yes, the restrained fury of fornication
can be re-channeled to release hidden energies,
which allow communication with higher intelligences,
from the stars.
Plus, your orgasm-onic radiation,
or aetheric fallout from any sex not for procreation,
will affect the genes of the normals around you,
causing their kids to be born subgeniuses.
You now have not only a right,
but a duty, a duty to do anything you want,
with any consenting partner.
And we'll help you find at least one.
Free blessing cloth with every orgasm.
Our women are screaming to meet you lonely lads and lassies,
and our men are dying to ravish you subgenius gals and guys.
We honestly don't care what you look like,
so don't fall for the bashful act.
Politely state your intentions.
Politely is the key word here.
And then sit back and watch the action begin.
It's that simple.
You'll be able to quit, or start doing it,
in a matter of days.
Eases recovery.
Don't bother with old-fashioned dowsing rods ever again.
Repels fleas, flies, and locusts for seven days.
Superb marital aid.
Keep dry the masculine way.
Satisfy your every fetish.
Your sweetie will never know you used it.
Weight loss, hair growth, romance.
No ma'am, you won't care how dumb he is
when you see these incredible results.
A purer ooze than drugs, the Bible, or even TV.
Imagine, no danger of stained clothing.
Truly invisible.
Won't rustle.
Amazingly comfortable.
All pulp chassis.
Flexible, yet resilient.
No more difficult de-spumming.
Name one other religion that can make these claims.
Industriosexuals?
Are you guilty of no sex appeal?
You can be more attractive with brain enlargement surgery.
Develop a fuller frontal lobe, like Barbie.
Overcome shyness and guilt with this perfect replacement
for a huge penis.
Or gigantic breasts.
Strap it on.
Your subconscious will do the rest.
Why bulk at anything?
Lose your pants with amazing slack.
There are worse fantasies.
Take and keep it off.
Get out of the dark.
Strum the pipa and rub the dilation.
We love it too.
Do you go soft too soon?
There's nothing to inflate. No zippers or snaps.
Just slip it on over your inhibitions and wow!
Don't worry about the abrasions if you start to overheat.
Automatic stake in the heart shuts it right down.
You'll shout hallelujah P-Dawg when you feast your eyes on this little sweetheart.
She jiggles, she shakes, she oozes like a prairie squid on a hot platter.
But best of all, you can be a virgin or an atheist.
And we'll still let you be a subgenius.
And thanks to...
Reverend Gene Osai.
For that lovely background music.
Aw yeah.
You are now about to begin...
A great adventure.
The journey...
Out of your mind.
Hush now little one, don't be scared.
Come sit with me on my favorite fucking chair.
I'll be right back.
Please tell me a story Mr. Mushroom.
Well then, would you like to hear something really scary?
Hmm?
Spitz-Ride.
Spitz-Ride.
Spitz-Ride.
Spitz-Ride.
Spitz-Ride.
Spitz-Ride.
Spitz-Ride.
Spitz-Ride.
Spitz-Ride.

Splat.
Spitz.


Continuously.
Incredible.
Do you ever feel that puking backs of your nose?
Well, you're right, there was only one thing I could Edgeaku.
We don't use needles or anything like that.
Yeah, now the shot is that.
Ok, well.
What's is that supposed to mean?
That's why we gottaad to it while we talk to her.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
And this is another psychedelic pop album.
It's a CD from Freak Beat Magazine,
who has presented this thing called A Psychedelic Sauna.
And I was scanning through it, and everything good from it,
you just heard in that little musical collage I just played.
But although that instrumental part was the middle of a song
called Conspiracy by Me.
Mandragora.
However, the words were completely muffled,
and so I didn't try to play the whole thing.
But there was, out of all these 18 songs,
here was one by Poisoned Electric Head called Snobs.
And I thought you might likely to hear that.
Yeah.
And I thought you might likely to hear that.
They tell the dollar to stay away from people like you.
What you?
Just a socially inferior, defective, unwaking class too.
Don't stop thinking about you.
Think about you.
Don't stop thinking about you.
Think about you.
Don't stop thinking about you.
I went to the bank just to check on if I had enough
I made a packet but the file I packed was bigger than a summer roll suit
I thought I was a bum cause I didn't have a little amount of shit
One way or the other, what can I do?
I don't know what to do, I just want to see what I can do
I don't know what to do, I just want to see what I can do
We live in a neighborhood where everybody has a nice car
But no one's ever seen a real assistant living in a car
I've been to restaurants, I've been to chicken and wine bars
MKR, the West and the Indians were better seen for my car
No zone, they think they're better than you
They think they're better than you
No zone, they think they're better than you
They think they're better than you
No zone, they think they're better than you
They think they're better than you
Don't ask電Xun for extra benefits
ад Sofia
Don't ask them for extra formulas
Sister off-ipping
Once you learn to understand the criteria for evaluating the truth or falsehood of a particular concept or statement,
you find that there are ever-branching paths that can lead one down in determining what is reality.
And Jerry, the UFOs are real. They are real.
However, the reality of them is so mind-boggling that words that we can understand have not yet been invented for the truth behind them.
And there is much more to be learned.
We're just grasping at the first inklings of what the truth is about these presences in our midst.
These are enlightening keys to the computer god worldwide top secret number code, which stratifies everything.
Not only the four billion living people, the computer god adopted it for speed and clarity.
This said number code is the means to make possible the computer god worldwide containment policy for stratification.
Why did it take one second in time to evolve X particles, quarks, nucleons, neutrinos, and electrons,
but it took one million years to form nuclei and then atoms?
Because Meekie wanted it that way.
Oh, what a depressing, paranoid answer.
And yet I sense there's a great deal of truth in it.
You know, recently I managed to perform a scientific experiment and, uh, gee, this is my apparatus right here.
I, I managed to pull in...
Hey, get that apparatus away.
I just wanted to show you the actual face of Meekie.
I've got it. I captured it and I made this image and I mailed it to, uh, Ivan Stang just, um, when? Just today.
Did he? So he won't get it for a while.
He won't get it for a while.
No, but when he gets it, it may cause his eyes to freeze in their sockets and each particular hair to stand on end like quills upon the fretful porpentine.
So it's like the Shroud of C.E., then?
Well, it's an image. It's an image. It's created out of multi-dimensional bits of micro-information beamed through the reaches of interstellar space back from the cloudy and coheap beginnings of all time.
It's on an Etch-A-Sketch, right?
No, I sketched it on, I mean, I, what's that it say?
I enhanced the image. I did add a few details, you know, to make it more sexy.
You were telling us it's just a bit, didn't you?
Well, you know, science is largely interpretation. You have to interpret the data.
Isn't everything largely interpretational?
Well, he's smoking a pipe. He's smoking a pipe. His face is a dark mass with a few light areas rising out of it. The eyes are not the same size and are sort of round but not perfect.
They seem to be watery with light shining through them. There is the suggestion of a pupil.
Ooh.
It's, uh, the skin looks scaly and there are pimple-like things also on it. It's shiny on the top and generally the whole thing is a black mass. But it's smoking a pipe.
Well, it looks very familiar.
It looks devilishly so.
Yes, it does.
Uh, you know, this is what I get from my long-range deep dish antenna.
That's what you get from a pipe.
Yeah.
It's a strange dream that you have.
Now, after one million years, I dreamed that the galaxies formed.
Really?
Pardon me. I put that the wrong way. I dreamed that the galaxies formed after one million years. After we had, uh, atomic, uh, material.
You've been dreaming for a million years now?
Oh, yes. Deep in dreams, strewn with wandering fancies of the mind.
I had a dream about you once.
And what was in it?
You dreamed...
We can't tell that on the radio.
Oh, really? It has to be classified, eh?
Yeah, classified information.
Well, you get to tell your dreams, but others may not be so fortunate.
Others may not get to hear it.
For to pass that grim gate with its blackened and undecipherable inscription, passing under the stained teeth of the portcullis, dried blood-red with rust, and venture yet only part of the way across that moldering ridge, to come so far and yet, through the temerity of timidity, venture no farther, to endure the



indulge in withered dithering so that the other side remains unappeasably unvisited, is to fall forever short.
Such a shortfall is an eternal embarrassment, and to pull up shorts, sweet as it may feel, still leaves exposed what the dispensation already has revealed.
Then, show not your shaking shanks to the prying eyeball of perpetuity, but snap your digits in defiance before the iris of that glaucous orb.
Are you...
Yeah, that's right.
I'm sorry.
Indeed, it is Dr. Howell, the good Dr. Howell there, howling away his poor philosophies as best he can, as best any of us can, dear friends.
Well, I would like to read to you a little bit more.
This time...
The New Book, Revelation X, will feature Gospels by those original thirteen apostles who knew Bob, who knew the Bob at the time, while he was alive and still talking to him.
And I'm just going to read this little section here.
This is kind of difficult for me because these are the remembrance books.
This is of Dr. Philo Drummond, and he's a friend of mine, and I'm not going to try to imitate the way he talks.
That would be pointless.
Uh...
But, uh...
Well, I'll just, I'll just go through it here, friends.
Um...
As we begin here...
Gospel according to Philo...
14.3...
Uh...
Philo is describing, after he had, uh...
Had, had risen on the conspiracy ladder...
This was in the, in the 50s, when...
The late 50s, when Bob was working for the conspiracy and had, uh...
Succeeded quite well.
He had not yet rebelled from them.
It says here, as Philo says...
Dobbs started getting increasingly paranoid about his enemies, the list of whom grew to include his business rivals, his bosses, his customers, his friends, and his friends.
His mother-in-law, the IRS, the communists, and the Venusians.
He certainly had some enemies, but how could they harm him?
But then, Dobbs was never known for his logical thinking.
He became something of a survivalist...
And constructed an elaborate bomb shelter under his backyard.
One time, when he sh- was showing off his anti-personnel gear to me, he said...
Give a man a fish.
And you feed him for a day.
Give a man a gun.
And others will feed him for a lifetime.
It was in this trough of negativity and despondency that Bob began his wanderings.
What we call his lost years.
Uh...
He quit his conspiracy jobs and dropped out of sight.
He told me that during this time, the late 50s, he was hitchhiking boat rides around Indonesia...
Trying to discover himself.
And, uh, they goes through various adventures he had.
Okay, I'll start again here.
Uh, 1497.
For- Dobbs, 1497.
His captors sold him into white slavery.
And he was used by a wizened old sultan magician as an experimental sex toy.
He has never gone into detail about that, except to say that he learned a lot about himself.
After a couple of years in captivity, he hustled enough money to buy his freedom.
He then surfaced in Tibet, at a place called the Plateau of Chang'e, where he fell in with the lamas of the Sarmaun Brotherhood.
His arrival was prophesied in their holy text, which said...
He will come to you...
Smoking one pipe...
And having one solitary eyebrow which blights his face.
Dobbs had indeed lost an eyebrow.
He told the sultan... the Tibetans...
That it was because he had been branded by the sultan.
But in fact, he had lost it by lighting the pipe too close to his face while fraternizing with his Burmese captors.
He successfully sued the Jakarta lighter manufacturer in 1960.
For a while, I think Bob got his kicks from flaunting his amoral western ways in the lamas' faces.
But their patience must have been rewarded, because he ended up swearing off his gamboling and sinning, and joined their monastery as a fellow monk.
Bob threw himself into the discipline, heart and soul, becoming such a good meditator, that he developed calluses on his scalp from standing up.
And he was standing on his head for so long every day.
He went for two years without bathing, wiping, or changing his clothing, letting the rain and the urine or spittle of his detractors wash him.
He wore barbed wire shirts, put nails in his shoes, and rolled in thorn bushes every time he had an impure thought,
which he defined as the urge to sell.
He rode through all the villages backwards on an ass, wearing a dunce cap on which all his sins were listed.
Beset by tulpas of his own creation, he suffered poltergeist attacks continuously.
He lived in caves and fasted for months.
He wanted to levitate himself into the sky to escape the stench of death.

of humans, as he said, but, because he was afraid of heights, stayed inside and let his
head bump the cave roof instead.
Eventually, for Bob, there was no longer any difference between meditating and not meditating.
Every single word, thought, or act became a meditation, and thenceforth he was able
to practice unlimited action, or not think, trademark.
At this point, he abandoned his severe asceticism and more or less reverted to his old goatish ways.
As Bob told me upon his return,
One must be totally free from desire to achieve true freedom, and that means acquiring everything you desire.
I am become like a handywife.
A handywife.
The first one.
The woman that was too beautiful for the normals have let me sleep with them.
The hunchbacked and obese and elderly ones and the cripples, and to me, each was the most beautiful woman on earth.
I have made love to two women.
I have made love to ten thousand beings.
But not once was the act defiled by lust.
I loved them with all my soul.
Similarly, I loved all the animals.
Animals have the Buddha nature, more so than humans.
And if one feels affection and lust for them, they will return it.
Except for chickens.
I would kill just the first to catch all the move-on
And they would be unwanted women, no matter how powerful they were.
The venomless and vile sonata sometimes can be aMelena again.

Oh yes dear friends, some readings from a new unpublishable book of the subgenius.
Yes, unpublishable, because sometimes it seems to be internal Hebrew,




Unfinishable. Ah, yes. Like this show. This show that never, never seems to quite go away and leave us in the peace we so rightly deserve. Do we not, my friends?
Oh, yes. And as I wait simply for this side of the show to end so that I can start the next side of the show, padding your spiritual emptiness as well as mine, just to get us through one more week, yes?
Yes. Yes.
Some people say they wouldn't be able to go into
work on Monday were it not for this horrible show, this hour of slack, and I'm sorry that we...
Are you on drugs, sir? I bet you use marijuana and all this kind of stuff.
You can come on down from the bathroom, honey. It's okay. I've got new brain in a briefcase.
You don't have to agonize on the toilet all morning trying to organize your thoughts.
I'll have the skin flaps folded, Margaret. I'm meeting with the CEO of Einvelt Petroleum.
As long as there's parkmen around the mummies,
there's going to be plenty of gravy for us white exploiter classes.
Okay, great. Then I'll just turn off the oatmeal.
And you can turn them inside out for greater storage space.
There's no floppy disks or software to worry about.
Only creased convulsions of pure synthetic brain tissue.
It's more than the party gag sensation of the 21st century.
It's... it's... it's...
It's a paranormal...
It's a paranormal thing.




No, I would say that is quite a... unfortunately, a normal activity.
How so? How can a normal person kill another person?
Well, it certainly happens all too frequently.
It does, but explain to me...
Go ahead.
It is explainable by certainly known laws of physics.
However, you're correct.
The emotional states that result in civil disorder could have an influence.
From beyond, certainly mere physical matter.
How can a... how can a person kill a stranger for no reason?
How can they kill a person for... a stranger for no reason?
Collar, you're posing a question that has baffled mankind for thousands of years,
and I don't know if we can...
It's not paranormal. As you said yourself, it's normal.
You have to, uh, you know...
It's about something different, you know, as into, uh, uh, ergonomic qualities or something like that,
or, uh, parabolic abnormalities or something, don't you?
Well, I... I don't know if parabolic abnormalities quite fit into this category,
but, Collar, I... I thank you for your concern in this matter,
and, uh, I hope, uh, perhaps someday on this station you will hear that song, Cop Killer.
Thank you for calling.
Yeah, you're trying to get off.
Yeah, that's correct. Thank you.
Okay, yeah.
When I'm about, when I'm about this, but when it's...
Food is splendid.
It will pass.
Ten percent said they used it daily.
There's a bank parking lot across the street, plus there's, uh, parking there in the Holiday Inn.
Don't you want to be part of that expansion?
Don't stop! Don't stop!
Stop! Or it could be your job in life.
Uh...
Uh-uh.
Uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh.
Uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh.
Uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh.
Hola!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
I love how you love me.
That's great.
That was great. Please call back with more of that.
I hate Claudie Lange.
I hate her.
You smoked faster, Williams.
Robert Williams is a bizarre painter.
He's painted himself blue, like his mailbox.
He's dancing.
That's a euphemism for a male man.
Oh, stop cooing like a dove, my dove.
And come close to my bosom.
I mean, bring your bosom closer to me.
And sit here on this swingy...
step why will you have some landa made hello yes landa made filled with ls potatoes drink it drink
it down i'm sorry hello hello i have recipe for you oh i received what gave a whisper yeah what is
it to take its recipe for pitted chicken bread pitted chicken breasts yes and how do you prepare
this delightful deluxe take a chicken breast open up you take a pitted olive
pour down the hatch there and you stick them under your armpit there
and you get some duct tape and tape them in real good and nice that's that that sounds very very
not well let's not say celebrities yourself savory but probably granger like yeah yeah
exactly it's kind of like what a chicken eats when it needs things in its throat to confuse its food
ah huh yeah i see because you can't really digest the food if the chicken digests itself in your
stomach for you exactly but how do you pass the duct tape so then so then you take it and patch
the duct tape real good there yes and then assuming you have ovens pre-heated 400 okay assuming you
not have a home you walk in oven
You walk in oven.
And stay in there for three hours.
And then you come out and chicken bun.
Bon appetit.
Well, what a delightful and yet stupid recipe.
Because why would anyone want to stay in a 400-pound dung heap for three hours without one of those little digestive devices we all have to wear?
And it sometimes looks like duct tape, but it's still a hernia device.
So always, always, please remember this thing is dangerous.
It's not something you flip on like a girdle.
It's something that you put on like a taxonomic dessert that you kind of wish to fry on your friends.
You've been unseemly in your behavior.
No, no, friends.
These new duct tape corsets are fireproof.
They're osculoresistant.
And they also cause cerebral hemorrhaging.
I'm sorry.
Just had to make that doubly, doubly clear.
And at the end of the day, we're just going to have to be able to...
Next!
I push my pets away.
And while I'm standing there, pull down my underwear.
Try my La Flambier.
All right, here we go.
I've just been here this way.
Now I'm...
Still are their underwear.
Still are their straight and bare.
And brains.
But it's impossible.
That's right.
Because I should switch to my better copy of what comes up next there.
But first, before that, I should tell you what you heard.
Just then, I was...
Oh, little radio bit.
Whoa!
Oh, man.
God damn it.
Jeez.
I'm sorry, friends.
I was really surprised.
We've got this...
I didn't mean to...
Lose myself that way.
I honestly didn't.
But some of these things are unbelievably...
Whoa!
They're very real.
They're very real and they're very frightening.
And I'm sorry.
That just really threw me.
You think it's easy coming in here and doing these radio shows.
You think, oh, yeah, these guys get paid a lot.
They just come right in here and they can cuss all day.
They're like Howard Stern.
Hey, get away with murder.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.

But it's...
It's...
They...
Won't.
I don't use my head.
And they come back and forth.
They're in between.
See?
They're in the interspecies.
It's like an itch between your ear and your throat.
And the only way you can kind of scratch it, you can't...
You stick your finger in your ear and wiggle it.
But that doesn't help.
And about all you can do is kind of just go...
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.

Yeah.
Yeah.

Yeah.
Yeah.






So, you can imagine.
You can probably...
Well, you can probably imagine.
The recipe...
We're so glad to be able to give you a recipe for the pitted chicken.
That was the Brain Rot East Coast or East Lake show on WCSB.
Loathsome Cowboy Dave and Scabbly Chaz Dave.
All three of them on that show.
And before that was a bit of a ZXQ radio show.
Alabama Neptune's show.
And a little Brain Rot.
Before that was some media barrages from Brain Rot West.
That's right.
And Michael Taylor Duke.
Don't you see?
But...
But...
But...
But...










But...
But...
But...
But...
But...
But...






Let's just...
Yes, yes, let's take a few more minutes.
Yes, they did spend an hour, guess me.
Now, actually, you know, corporate
Yeah, I'm just saying.

But can you put your hand there?
back there off because it's going to make me cuss again if I see how do I handle that for the out
of town shows you know that I have to cut the cussing out that I involuntarily did and yet here
I am referring back to it again you see I'll either have to put another sound effect in here
some little piece anyway okay okay then let's quit acting like regular preachers this is a
subgenius preaching here from Revelation X the Bob Apocryphon chapter 11 be actually the fall
of mutantis because how was it dear friends that we the lowly subgenie came to fall so far
from that yeti state of glory that heaven that was mutantis
you
you
and it was because the yeti made millions of terrible mistakes they called these mistakes
humans the human is far worse than a mere dna backfire evolved randomly over millions of years
everything that makes the human the spiteful murdering self-deluding barbarian that it is
was carefully installed by
you
and it was because the human was the most evil and the most evil of all the humans
the following is based on material dredged up from Bob's past life regressions under hypnosis
these ancestral memories come to him in non chronological bits and pieces our monks spent
many years piecing together his trance statements to reconstruct these most critical events
in yeti history
80 million years ago the closest thing to the true history of the human being is the
mass embedding problem the medical laboratory wiping away the
angry
vs
Ultimates
is
the
opposite
and
the
the
the
we's
18
us
when we wereцо
abchi
one of our otherkim
reptiles senselessly fought and bedeviled each other. They were the ideal omnivores
for the experiments. Hardy and tenacious, they could survive anywhere like roaches.
These, the Yeti bred step by step into human pinks. The initial attempt produced blank-faced,
slack-jawed, apish pre-humans, more or less like Australopithecus, whose only defense
against predators was their unbearable odor. Their weak souls had a tendency to detach
and wander away shortly after birth. And worse, they were almost too stupid to copulate. The
thick-headed beasts practically had to be shown how. Their attention spans were so weak
that half the offspring they did manage to whelp were abandoned or eaten. With such low
imaginations and libidos, they wouldn't procreate fast enough.

The Yeti scientists proposed a challenge. To somehow make the humanoids enjoy coitus!
And even to pair bond, so that parents might tolerate their broods until they reached childbearing
age. The bodies required redesigning so that, no matter how they happened to bump into each
other, the creatures would still be able to stumble upon suitable positions and figure
out which ones they were.
The pelvis was swiveled, and the pelvis was raised. The degree of roundness and baldness
on the rumps of the females directly correlated with male sexual interest. It was theorized
that the doltish males would be twice as likely to breed if inspired by a second set of globular
sex triggers. The Yeti decided to duplicate these large
hind appurtenances on the fronts of the females by enlarging the lactating glands into
soft, bouncy buttock-fetched symbols. These counterfeit behinds were made target-like
by the addition of circles and dots that would change shape when played with, exciting the
females and keeping the males interested long enough to find the right place for seed dispensation.
And since the Yeti's first appearance in the male's body was a result of the male's


body, the Yeti greatly enjoyed pairs of soft hemial voids on each other. They reasoned
that it might be doing the humans a favor to drape them with even more large lactating
glands. They tried many combinations, hanging two in the front and three in the back, one
on either side of the head, rows of eight, four on each side. Some humans, they completely
surrounded with huge colorful cushions for the tuberosities of the ischium, with openings
everywhere.
But yet, the Yeti's found, making it all so easy lowered the anguish content of the
livestock's souls. If the souls weren't well-fatted on pain, there was no self-awareness and the
soul essence went flat. The Exists had no use for flat souls.
To increase the pain level, the Yeti found ways to make the humans both desperate and


eager to breed, yet foolish enough to cause themselves endless hardships in the process.
They amped up the neural connectors between the desire gland and that section of the brain
which lights up during sexual excitation. Chromosomes were tweaked, enlarging the desire
gland to twice normal size. Most of the logic centers of the brain had to be removed to
make room for it.
The tiny pleasure receptors were the only ones that could be removed. The tiny pleasure
receptors were dilated into such gaping cavities that the gland could never be stimulated enough,
compelling the humans to constantly also seek alternatives to sex, convincing themselves
that there might be something better. The anguish shortage and fecundity dilemmas were
solved. The head and genital chakras were realigned to stay unbalanced, never to be
synchronized. Instead of smoothly circulating, the sex-hurt energy would snap back and forth
spastically between head and groin. Whenever the little brain between the legs was charged
up, the head brain was at its most vulnerable and suggestible, rendering their minds laughably
malleable. By modifying the reward secretion distributor's trigger configurations, the
Yeti discovered a new way to deal with the pain. The head brain was at its most vulnerable,
fabricating it itself. The most
stable mode of injection for the feast ought to be the third noble devil. Even the forefront
parasitic musicians did not crowdedly Оn the left with the hammer and sickle score
mentioned in their scores, or in place with pups instead offering a male ape the dragon
make deafened quier chromedиход and dance nunca de scripts to a simple napyt rud pid
록 single note luan over the hymen of the supervillain who hinge rodzrooms happy to
damn the convict habituation new of this beautiful mass.צ
phuc
for re-etching, Yeti owners could load their human slaves with directives, false memories,
new instincts...
And... where's the rest of my page?
Worse point, but where's page two of the Holy Gospel of the Yeti? I don't believe it!
Friends, I guess you won't get to find out just what happened to make the...
Let's see here...
Why, this is just... why it's just so embarrassing, but you know, that's just the way these radio shows get falling together every now and then.
There's why... I guess we'll just have to continue the fall of Mutantis.
Next week, when we learn how the humans were designed...
The flaws in those designs, dear friends, and how the great empire of the Yeti, Mutantis itself, came to fall, and the humans to escape.
Yes, to escape.
Was then the conspiracy an accident?
Dear friends...
I think not.
No more so than, say, the KPFA radio show in Berkeley with puzzling evidence and Dr. Howell.
As Moe Factor is... punched up?
Who are we, and why are we here?
No, of your information, who are we?
Who are you?
Little bits of nothingness?
Who are you?
Hmm, that's a good start.
Well, let's look at it in a linear fashion, as if the show is a line, that it could be a line without end in a circle, or it could be...
...that the line has one end with us at it, and another end with you at it.
So, when the show travels from point A to point B, then you receive it, and you send it back to us back to point A.
Hmm, just the murder service punch-up.
It's described as A-B-A.
Yeah, this is not a jury, it's a jury of business candidates, uh, listening to us, uh...
Yeah.
Are we doing... are you guys going to be...
Thanks for speaking with me this morning.
Yeah, that's what we do. Okay, now, the other caller's talking to you there, right?
Sorry.
Well, I think the main issue is character, now. Why do we let characters like... like this on the air?
I'm not going to talk about character.
Okay, now we're at the caller debate.
No one's talking about character.
Do you want to answer that question, caller?
Uh...
Let me ask the caller, random subgenius.
All right, let's see if Frank Bent wants to know about the question of character.
Now, nobody's asked a question about the subgenius, and so does the audience have a question about the subgenius?
Is there another subgenius caller still there?
I don't know.
There he is!
Oh, there, yeah, yeah, I think he just fell off the edge of the podium there, he's walking around.
Increase the magnification.
Do you feel you're better off now than you were ten years ago as a subgenius, can I answer that?
Uh, most definitely.
Because there... the issues are being exposed here, and finally we're dealing with everything.
Well, you know, it did happen on our watch, I'm not taking all the credit for it, but...
I'm ready to point the fingers and, uh, put the screws...
Put that finger away.
...down to where they... the screw holes and where they belong here.
Hey, keep it clean, fella.
But I feel if you know the problems inside out, then eventually you can solve them.
If you deny them, then sure, you're going to ignore them and...
No, there's one little thing here we're neglecting to acknowledge.
Gentlemen, gentlemen, please!
Our time is running short.
As far as I'm sure... I'm saying you had a good thing going there at one point, way back then, but, uh...
Then there was this, uh, unfortunate, uh, episode where he got... he got a visit from the...
Do you remember that fella?
Oh, the Mustafa?
Yeah, right, and they wanted to know, you know, he accidentally said a few clumsy things in the book,
and now they were down on his... on his, uh, tail, and he was having to give them subscriptions and explanations and everything, you know, and, uh...
Well, your family's threatened.
Yeah, well, it... see, that's... that's just the thing, though, you know, like, I can't... I can't... I can't...
I can't shake this image. I see him, I have to think, sitting there, his hands, his hands, his knobby knees, just a-knocking, thinking to himself,
well, well, maybe this was just a joke religion after all, yeah.
Fellow, you worry too much over matters that concern you not.
Leave gourmandizing, know you not the grave gets wider for thee than for other men?
Huh? What happened?
Uh, the eternal silence of infinite space.
Millions and millions of miles long, or big, or wide, or however you call it.
There's the mission going down the wire.
For the first time, scientists have been able to directly view a human brain, human thought processes, tracing the complex patterns of electrical and chemical reactions to small clusters of brain cells.
Gauss? Or something?
What's that?
A cow?
A gauss-y.
Gow?
Gauss.
Gauss! Oh, degaussing the magnetic minds. Yes, I have to do it every day before I get out of bed.
Oh, God.
Means you're getting old.
Oh, my God, you guys are too funny.
Well, I don't, I was born that way.
I'm not sure why degaussing is so funny. It's something you just have to do.
Oh, I know, yeah, those lines of Gauss, my uncle has gone through it many times, and we just crack up. I just, you know, say it's like this.
Right.
I just remember by thinking, you know, the gassiest stuff, you know, and we know, I know what he's talking about, but he knows, like, the guy that invented it and all that.
The gassiest mineral, vegetable, animal, I know.
As we wander through life, we have to keep those bits of antimatter walled up and captivated in a magnetic model.
And I'm wondering now, do you guys actually tell a comic story during this?
Our lives are a passion or a comic story.
Okay, so you don't tell, you tell anything out of a book or anything?
A book.
I mean, are you telling?
The only book that we...
Okay.
You know, it's the book of the sub-genius.
We're not allowed to plug it on the air because this is listener-censored radio, but there is indeed a book.
A book whose...
No, the one that you read out of each time.
Every chapter is better than the one before.
Okay, so it's just the chapters of life.
Yeah, now, we're not actually reading out of it, but there is such a book.
Well, the book is within your head.
Yes.
Oh, there was a little sample of it right there. That's some of the static between my ears.
Oh, my God.
All our dialogue to answer your question is ad libatory.
Okay.
So, some of these dilemmas maybe that you're talking about could be somebody's reality that they're going through at the time?
Yeah, yeah.
Okay.
It's an interwoven, sort of like one of those hair club for men things.
Yes, I'm not only a show customer, I'm also a victim.
It could be real, but it could be imitation. That's what you're trying to present me.
Well, an imitation only in the sense that all of existence is an imitation of some eternal form which exists.
This show has to be on at 4.30.
Without a doubt.
It's a good morning.
So do you need...
...in the infinite darkness of outer space.
Oh, God.

Me and my...
It sure is cold out here.
It doesn't matter what time of the day or night this is, this can happen at any time.
What happened?
Did you have a mishap?
Did you see a monster?
Here, let me get my paper out here.
Now, let's go over that again.
You say you saw some sort of monster?
Monster?
Oh, I don't know.
Why don't we just talk about monster?
Don't you know that science has definitely proved there are no monsters?
This is the 20th century.
We've put a man on the moon.
Now, the human mind's a funny thing.
It's a very strange thing.

It plays strange tricks.
I'm sure you thought you saw what you said you thought you saw.
Oh, no, no.
I know about the illusions and all that.
Beware of the false fires leading you deeper and deeper into the swamps, the dancing lights
of deception.
Yeah, but the dancing chihuahuas I worry about.
Oh, I know.
I know the chihuahuas' deception.
Last year we had them at the show and they made a mess.
Just before, we had the flamenco people that came out right after them.
How are they supposed to dance with feathers everywhere and bits of costume?
Those pink lawn plastic flamenco people.







We can use those as an aid to create your little whirly bird type of maneuvers.
Or we can just take the seeds of the, whatchamacallit, that are shaped like little propellers that
come a-spinning down.
They're hallucinogenic, too.
They come a-spinning down.
I beg your pardon?
They come a-spinning down.
They come a-spinning down.
Banisteriopsis something-eye.
They come a-spinning down.
Yes, indeed.
Oh, good.
And so do you, after you brew a tea made of these little things and drink it.
Woo!
In short, we need not follow the foolish fires of novelty for its own sake.
No, let's go adventuring.
Okay.
Are you guys the flilty people?
You bet.
You could call us that.
Oh, yeah.
When you see us on the road checking out a crank call at some weird early hour of
the morning, we're in our fully equipped Land Rover.
Oh.
We've got every convenience of modern science.
Hey, open up the pool, Hal.
It's gone.
Well, it's kind of cold, but I'll just go and get it.










I'll just reel the plastic cover back off, slow down a little bit, and we'll take a dip.
Right on the blast off or submerged at any point.
That's right.
The flying tub.
A miracle of modern science.
Well, that's pretty much what my car is, and it's just a 1985 Crown Victoria station wagon.
Oh, man.
And Dr. Howell drives listeners insane.
Yes, he does.


Listeners to his show, his puzzling evidences show there in lowly and humble Berkeley.
God save those poor men living in that place, awful place.
And you're listening to the subgenius radio ministry Hour of Slack, the compendium and
compilation of all the greatest subgenius tapes and all that kind of stuff.
From the church of the subgenius.
And I'm going to give you a number to write to that self-same church so that you may glean
for yourself information about the books, tapes, and all the marvelous things that you
can't know about until then.
And that number to write, just write to, just address it to Bob, friends.
That way, that's how we know they come from radio listeners.
Just address it to Bob at postoffice.com.

That's postoffice box 1403-06, Dallas, Texas 7214.
That's PO box 1403-06, Dallas, Texas 7214.
And even though we're late getting our book out and our magazine, of course, always takes
two years in between.
Yet, we continue to crank out this show.
We're featuring such artists.
We're trying to get them to get done.
and articles as this fella coming right up,
the great John Martles.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you.
I got out of work at five o'clock.
Friday afternoon.
I got into my car and I drove straight down
to the first saloon.
I jumped out to the bartender.
Hey, give me something to drink.
I drank 10 bitches all by myself
and threw up in the bedroom sink.
Well, I feel like a twat.
Got to someone to be me.
I said I feel like a twat,
but I look just like a man.
So they cut me off and threw me out
and sent me down the street.
I went straight down the corner to the next bar
and ordered another drink.
I said,
I raised my glass into the air
And poured the glass over the whole bar
By the time the bar began to close center
I was laying face down on the floor
I sat at one thirsty fucker's
Don't you understand?
I feel like a small tank
But I look just like a man
Man, man, man
I got the shuffle
I got the shuffle
I got the shuffle


I'm
I'm
Will they pour the alcohol
a bottle of it in my car?
And my buddies drove me home
My wife didn't notice when they turned me in
Cause she was busy talking
Nonstop in the pool
My buddies tossed me a couch
And struck off of the door
But I moved back after ten o'clock
And decided to drink some more
I had one first and another
You better believe I am
I did just like a slow man
But I look just like a man
Man, man, man, man, man
