The veil between the psychic and the physical is wearing thin these days. You know those things
you see out of the corner of your eye when you're out in the woods at twilight and the shapes that
move in the dark spaces under the furniture? The ones that disappear as soon as you turn
to look at them? They're really there. They are hiding under your bed. They live inside the phone
wiring. Some of them can get into your head and mutter to you. They want you to believe in them.
I assure you that this network will continue to adhere to the high standards we have maintained
through the years.
You are about to participate in a great adventure. You are about to experience the awe and mystery
which reaches from the inner mind to the subgenius.
Power of Swag.
Welcome potential initiates and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
We'll be right back.
Oh, yes, dear friends. Once again, we throw together a dangerous show in an hour before
coming to the station. But it's good because, well, this tonight is our Halloween show.
We're not going to do it on Halloween because, well, you're not going to be listening on
Halloween. You'll be out. So will I if I can help it. There's some scary, scary things
out there and some scary things coming up. The most scariest of all is the book deadline.
Yes. Revelation X, the Bob Apocryphon, the new subgenius book, has to be, the text has
to be finished and only.
15 days. And yet there are 17 chapters. Every day I have to cut one fifth, 22% of every,
each and every page. But it doesn't stop there. No, no. Even beyond that is this news article
here from the Chicago.
You can't go to the Chicago Sun-Time says the view from above. From the air, the river
looks as if it is filled with toothpicks. They are the logs and debris of the flood.
Someone spelled out, hi, Bob, in white sandbags for the National Guard to read as they fly
overhead in helicopters. The sandbags looked as small as sugar cubes from the National




Guard and the Literature Office. The


These newspapers are from the차
chopers. Até a tarde aqui no cose que or will now, is the man with the runs, hisaciolos,
and his cellular intellect. People watching the top Yongle Ba
Not shave both of you offles there, that's this good-looking cop with a pharmaceutical
Dear friends, it says here, New York, this was from this morning's newspaper, New York,
human embryos are reportedly cloned.
In an experiment believed to be the first of its kind,
a researcher in Washington has cloned human embryos into identical twins or triplets,
according to the New York Times.
Dr. Jerry Hall of George Washington University Medical Center
was trying to devise a method to create more embryos to implant
when couples do not produce a sufficient number for in vitro fertilization.
Dr. Hall wrote that by splitting the embryos into twins or triplets or quadruplets,
doctors could try to implant more embryos,
making it more probable that a woman could become pregnant.
Well, that's just fine.
It just means more clones for the clone ritual murders.
The real people can live it up.
Seen here on view screen three.
There they are.
Living it up.
But the clones have to be sacrificed.
What do you think the Challenger explosion was, dear friend?
See you later.
Yes, I'm ready.
I'm sorry.
She won't.
She's going to be a champion.
See you later.

See you later.
See you later.
See you later.
Yeah, well, happy Halloween.
The other thing here is Girl Scouts meeting.
OK's altering pledge.
Girl Scouts will be allowed to pledge service to God, Allah, the Creator,
or to anyone else they please under a measure adopted Saturday
at the organization's national convention.
The measure which takes effect immediately keeps the Girl Scout
promises official wording intact, but allows individual Girl Scouts
to substitute for God another word or words that they consider
more appropriate to their spiritual beliefs.
However, they have to have spiritual beliefs in order to be Girl Scouts.
So the little atheists cannot be Girl Scouts and say and pledge themselves to nothing and no one.
But for them, we would suggest that there's always Bob.
Yes.
There's those little Girl Scouts now.
And here's a little Girl Scout.
Happy Halloween, honey.
Dear friends, or should I say fiends, welcome to Slack to the Future.
I'm the Reverend Susie LaFluzie of the Church of the Subgenius.
I'm the Reverend Susie LaFluzie of the Church of the Subgenius.
And let me tell you, I am full of the spirits of the season.
We've got our slack-o-lantern blazing away here in the studio,
the sweet face of Bob luring like an incandescent foil over his minions.
Ah.
I know it's still kind of early for most of you, but hey, a little daub's will do you.
But you can never get too much Halloween.
Ha!
It's a subgenius Christmas, that time of year when the normals desperately try to outdo themselves to be weird,
to simulate the very difference between the two.
And it's the same with the
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!



I could be with you through and through the Christmas Island Parts,



In my Since 9-11 holiday season, I'm talking, Tu espera's homo...
rampant soul-shaking terror here, friends!
Try dressing up as something truly malevolent,
like Rush Limbaugh or Phyllis Shafley,
or Pat Robertson!
Imagine the absolute unmitigated horror of opening your door to a front porch full of demonic Republicans
or satanic Christian coalition stooges or the hellish harpies of Operation Rescue.
sucking normal vampires are the true terrors because they hold in their clawed
hands the power to destroy reason and freedom. Trick or treat? Ha! The trick is that
there is no treat and it's not just confined to one day of the year, it's a
continuous process. We here in the church not only condone the unusual, we exalt it!
The weirder the better, not just some sham once-a-year nose-putty and fake
fangs weird. We're talking unparalleled down to the double helix abnormality
here. This is our season to howl, dear friends, and how we shout until the
windows break and the moon comes down to shut us up. Halloween can and should be
enjoyed every day of the year. A joyous communion of the grotesque and bizarre. A
celebration of the fact that we subgenie are not normal. So pull up a cobweb
encrusted chair to your electronic heart sides as we present the best of the
Halloween season. We've got evil on vinyl, sin on CDs, and terror on
tape all for you. And the right rigid Reverend Mike Rowe phone is being
winched down from the rafters where he's been hanging upside down since the last
show, fueling his lovely expanded overman-sized brain with all that
nutritious hobgoblin hemoglobin. So while I'm fixing up that special injection to
bring him around, listen to this. And if you're not scared enough, just imagine
you just woke up to find they're building a Baptist church right across
the street from here.
—
I used to believe in monsters
My TV and magazines had monsters
Not I used to dream about them
Never did I ever doubt them
When I was young I used to believe in monsters
Then one day I found out there's a monster
There's a lot of my friends are monsters
There's a great wealth of stories
Great donors and employees
Yes, the day I found out there's a monster
I used to believe in monsters
As a poor fly I was a monster
I always frowned until I found monsters
Found that they're coherent races
Found that we're in human faces
People are more hideous than monsters
The day I found out there are monsters
People are more hideous than monsters
They surprised me
They made me
I was a yokel
I was now with the far-off collection
Pupsies on their backs
No토
Terrifying
Well I certainly wouldn't know
What the heck you're talking about
Lower flesh
Who won
енной
rolling. Your heart will bump, your nerves will paralyze, as you shall hear the strangest things
that never met your eyes. They're not that strange, Al. Yes, you will travel into the chilling,
thrilling, slimy, haunted radio station. Just sign on the dotted line, little boys and girls.
And now you've bought an interest in the Captain Beefheart Beefsteak Mine. There's a beautiful
vein of pure linguine running through these rocks, and I want you boys to have every opportunity to
become shareholders in this money-making... Now don't bother to read it, just sign your name on
the dotted line, and by soon you'll be a beefsteak tycoon. I promise you that.
That's what a dial-a-filo. Actually, Cleve, don't... This is Cleve.
I'm the boogeyman, the terrible, horrible boogeyman. I come in the middle of the night and frighten
bad little girls like you. Beware, better have a care. I'm going to follow you everywhere.
I crawl through the ceiling and the wall and call on bad little girls like you. I'll torture you
and haunt you. I've got you where I want you. I'll torture you and haunt you. I've got you where I want you.
I'm a victim of my dark and dirty plot. And at the slightest whim, I'll tear you limb from limb.
In other words, I'll put you on the spot. Ooh, I'm the boogeyman, the terrible, horrible boogeyman.
I come in the middle of the night and frighten bad little girls like you.
I'm the boogeyman, the terrible, horrible boogeyman. I'll torture you and haunt you.
I'm the boogeyman, the terrible, horrible boogeyman. I'll torture you and haunt you.
Ooh, I'm the boogeyman. Ooh, I'm the boogeyman. Ooh, I'm the boogeyman. Ooh, I'm the boogeyman.
Halloween spooks outside my window. Halloween spooks behind the tree.
I wish that the children could see, but I can't find them for the life of me.
And there's Halloween spooks outside my window frame.
And there's Halloween spooks outside my window frame.
¶¶
¶¶
Yes, dear friends.
The...
The Plastic Ono Band.
Oh, no, that was...
No, that was Lambert Hendrickson Ross.
Old song, but some wonderful spaz singing.
I enjoy spaz singing.
Sent in there by Princess We Are Doe
of the Association of Consciousness Exploration
up there in Cleveland,
where they're listening on WCSB,
a noble station,
a truly noble station,
El Bon Noble DNA Level C.
Because, you know, my friends,
the wicked spirits are powerful,
and the Elder Gods are intent on keeping men,
yetis, and rebel gods from out-evolving them
while they sleep,
and beating them to slack.
So, the Elder Gods sleep with the sleep of one eye open,
interfering with our development
from the bottomless pit between the dimensions,
and pushing our cultures toward mass human sacrifice
so as to pry open the Cleoaphe,
opening their doorway.
They can see everything on Earth
and exert imprecise forces toward us,
even to the point of physical externalization.
They drive people crazy by whispering into their brains
instructions, nonsense,
false cosmic revelations,
murder directives, etc.
But they must operate through a veil,
a borderland populated by their lesser agents
who descend to Earth to keep us in fear and confusion.
The ghosts, invisible whirlers, UFOs, Deiros, fears,
and the like.
Zones, poltergeists, green energy demons, and so on.
They automatically dampen those brains
which become curious about them.
They also curse objects, texts, music, even thoughts
by planting psychic booby traps
which bring on a weird causational sickness
on the physical plane.
It is much easier for them to cause depression and madness
in normal life,
worse than in subgenie,
whose brains move in a more slippery way.
When the brain is uncentered and blunted,
like a normal's,
they can cause waves of irritation
during which trivial things seem much worse than they are
and provoke so-called senseless violence.
Yes, so-called, dear friends.
The Elder Gods are allied with the negative gods.
The Elder Gods of the negative time stream,
both of them seeking to sap the slack force of our universe.
They set in motion a plan which may soon come to fruition.
There is a gate which they themselves closed,
but which they timed to open at the time intersection
in the 22nd century.
If the Mayat current from the backwards time dimension
fuses with the Horus current
from the post-Exodus conspiracy false church,
as they hope,
it will annihilate all matter and energy
from this time continuum.
The conspiracy,
both through global efforts and tiny fringe cults
like the Black Sect of Tibet,
is trying to open little gateways,
so-called, for communion with the Elder Gods.
They actually want to awaken
and free these beings.
All modern-day releases of electromagnetic and nuclear energy
help weaken the seal on the bottomless pit.
A nuclear war with ensuing release of souls
into a radioactive medium
would create an etheric earthquake
that would snap the Elder Gods
into full consciousness and manifestation,
negating our reality.
Already they have their code of conduct
and their collective foot in the door.
Hence, all world chaos.
Although nothing can halt the time intersection,
we may be able to help the Rebel Gods
to alter its equation,
so that the opening is too thin
for the Elder Gods to get through.
It is a race, my friends,
for if anyone but the Exes gain control on X-Day,
the seal on the bottomless pit
will be sufficiently weakened
to allow the utter disintegration
of the entire.
Cosmos.
When the sleeping wake,
those now living will not die,
and those now dead shall stumble
through the cities of madness,
whirling electromagnetic energy
during the night of bomb.
The book shall be rewritten.
Its pages scrawled with the terrifying writ
of the child that has come.
Best as happening in 3.2 billion years.
Someone must be there to help that child.
Our bodies are the Luminati.
No power, no power,
let's give the only movement


force.
A maning force,
with themind,
to absorb thebirth.
below.
I could find a turn up the grapevine hill.
I hadn't met a truck after rolling still.
Tried to cut between two headlights there till I found out
there was a matching pair.
I lived my life over just before the crash
if a chance ever took me. Went by in a flash.
I smelled rubber burning and I heard gravel whine.
A little voice said, Charlie, end of the line.
While the crash was echoing across the plains,
it was tidy enough, my last remains.
Before you could say, Brody, you're oversized pot,
I was down here shoveling and it's mighty hot.
The devil standing there with a pointed tail
was cracking a whip at his worst jail.
He had little black horns on top of his head,
his teeth were green and his eyes were red.
He hated to see a man out of work.
He kept things stern, you couldn't shirt.
We're really jumping in a lower level joint.
If you didn't understand, you soon got the point.
It's not dull down here, he says to me.
This is the hot rod section, we're full, you see.
A new batting line, a new batting line.
That's today and more tomorrow.
That guy over there keeps yelling for Laura.
Tell Laura I love her.
Aw, shut up.
Shut up.
Based for loot to buy a ring for his chick,
he should have went to work, his tires were slick.
He was pouring on the cold, his spinners were a-humming.
I had the fire good and hot,
because I knew he was a-coming.
Back then, I'm sure I was with an eagle on his back,
totaled out his cycle on the Cadillac.
An ash rambler guy we called second gear,
finally got in high, and he landed here.
I kept pouring into Hades in a steady stream,
when I woke up from this awful dream.
I called my pop and said,
you can quit drinking, because I'm jacking up
with that hot rod Lincoln.
Ooh, boy.
That's just a little bit of what makes Halloween
so special for us subgeniuses.
Oh, the wonderful musical lore.
We just heard a little snippet from Plan 9 from Outer Space,
truly a million dollar monster classic.
Then we heard Monsters by the Pink Lincolns,
who are going to be here Halloween night,
somewhere, I'm not sure yet.
After that was a 1934 tune called Boogeyman
by Todd Rollins and Chick Bullock
from a wonderful CD called Halloween Something or Other.
London Dungeon by the Misfits,
and that last night,
I remember it's from 1961,
Charles Ryan and the Timberline Riders
doing Hot Rod Hades,
their answer to what happens after the Hot Rod Lincoln wreck.
But, oh, friends,
it looks like Mike's coming around.
Wakey, wakey!
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, hi.
Yes, uh, yes, Sister Susie.
Broadcasting system under affiliated stations.
Oh, wait. No, no.
We have to stop it there, because it's a funny little bit.
It's coming up, and I'll play that on the side, too, of show.
Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack show.
Once again, a show put together at the last minute,
and partly consisting of pieces from the New Testament,
you might say, of the Subgenius Church.
In fact, I've brought, oh, where is it?
Yes, I've brought in the contents page,
so I can tell some of you Subgenius fanatics just what's in it.
Actually, it's almost all described on the, uh,
at the end of the prescriptures in the first book,
where it says what we did not put in this book.
If you look back there, that's pretty much what this is.
Uh, we, there's, uh,
chapter one, of course, starts with the pitch,
followed by the fine print, and it's truly fine.
Chapter two, the 10,001 essences of Bob.
Which is inspiring.
Chapter three, on the conspiracy,
which will make you mad and very depressed.
Chapter four, the lost gospels of Bob.
In this case, the gospel according to Philodrummond.
Chapter five, Mondo Connie, for women only.
I haven't even been able to read it.
Chapter six, Man and the Subgenius.
It's a racist, or a speciesist, you might say.
I shouldn't say racist.
It's a speciesist tragedy.
It's a fact.
Uh, seven, birth of the true butants.
The subgenius creation myth.
Original sex among the yetis of mutantists.
Uh, chapter eight, there's only one,
there is only one sin.
It's a list of sins and temptations.
Chapter nine, heaven and hell.
We've been reading on that.
We've been reading on that the last couple of weeks.
Uh, chapter 11, UFOs, gods, and monsters.
That's been tonight.
And chapter 11, Exodus.
Also does survival instructions for before and after the end of the world.
Uh, history of the future and prescriptures.
Uh, God happens.
Victory through hate.
Cosmic slack versus cosmic pain.
And your mission should you choose to accept it.
Which is a list of compulsory activities for exploiting your abnormality.
Uh, things to see, say, and do, one might say.
Uh, followed at the very end by the epistles.
Uh, advice and instructions, dogma and forbidden sciences.
Rituals, chants, numerology, and uh, Bobby-hating material.
So, uh, well it looks like our side is about done here.
And I'm afraid I, well things are different around the station here.
I'm gonna be forced to play this.
And has this ever happened to you?
You're at home.
You're going to sleep.
You wake up.
Your shoes are gone.
And you're away on business and you reach for your rubbers.
They're gone.
Hello, I'm Andy Kapt of the Freida Heights Citizens Foot Police with a device that will
halt this unwanted theft of your feet coverings.
The club foot.
Just put the club foot by your shoes as you turn in for the evening.
Would-be rubber-rabbers see the club foot.
And want no part.
Of your feetly belongings.
The club foot.
The club foot.
Fools would be bony thieves into thinking your whole foot locker is for the handicapped.
It's bedtime.
Do you know where your shoes are?
Better get the club foot.
Now.
Now.
Now.
He searched the land in this restless land.
harbor devotee while l'm in the middle of them to
leave what
Well, we continue now
with this special...
Now, we have to reiterate,
this is only a Halloween special.
This was broadcast originally on WREK, Atlanta.
Sister Susie the floozy sent in this tape of this show
that she did with this fellow coming up,
Reverend Mike Rofone, with his report.
Thank you.
Columbia Broadcasting System and its affiliated stations
present Orson Welles and the Mercury Theatre on the Air
in The War of the Worlds by H.G. Wells.
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
Is anything happening?
I mean, will they...
Will you turn the right knobs?
I mean, we're on the air.
Is that good?
Oh, you say we're getting there.
Oh, fine.
Any minute now.
I'm sorry.



Ladies and gentlemen, we regret the technical difficulties.
We are coming to you live now from the Sperm Bank Science Center
in DeKalb County, Georgia,
where we are about to observe a night deposit
which is going to be made by men from Planet X
in Dimension X, Zip Code Y, Subsection Z.
We are standing by, awaiting the deposit.
I don't know where to begin.
Enter your word, take the same thing before my eyes.
That's something out of a modern Arabian night.
Well, I just got here.
I haven't had a chance to look around yet.
I guess that's it.
Yes, I guess that's the thing directly in front of me,
half buried in a vast pit.
Must have sucked with terrific force.
The ground is covered with splinters of a tree.
Okay, ladies and gentlemen, we are standing by the fire extinguisher
outside of the bathroom near the janitor's closet,
and something is happening.
It's...
It's a terrifying thing, ladies and gentlemen.
A night deposit is being made in the sperm bank
by men from Planet X, Dimension X,
and thousands of, thousands of saucers are landing outside.
We see them coming down like little drops of dew,
and little children are catching them on their tongues,
and it's an amazing sight.
I can't explain it.
They're coming down. There's thousands of them.
Oh, the humanity of it all, ladies and gentlemen.
The humanity of it all.
They're like jet-flying things in the mirror,
and they're basically advancing men.
Strike them head-on.
They're turning into flames.
Now the whole field's caught up by the woods.
The fires are...
They're gas-packed, blanked, and the automobiles are spreading everywhere.
Telling you, 20,000, about 20 yards to my right.
Ladies and gentlemen, we regret the interruption of that broadcast.
We switch you now live to Conyers, Georgia,
in a field right outside of Grover's Farm,
where some cattle are in the process of being mutilated by...
We have just been informed by authorities
that are connected with the Church of the Subgenius
that these are the same denizens that are expected to be arriving on...
...1998 to fry all...
...quote, to fry all normals.
We're standing by.
Eighteen cattle so far have been lifted...
...through some kind of device into the hovering craft that's just above us.
Someone is on the scene from a local television station trying to communicate with them.
And the Virgin Mary has appeared, ladies and gentlemen.
The Virgin Mary has appeared, and she is being taken aboard the craft.
It's indescribable, ladies and gentlemen.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is Orson Swells.
Out of character to assure you that these happenings have no further significance
than is the holiday offering they were intended to be.
WREK's own version of dressing up in a sheet and jumping out of a bush,
and then...
...cutting your head off and disemboweling you
and wrapping your intestines around a telephone pole.
Starting now, we couldn't do that to all of you by tomorrow night,
so we did the next best thing.
We annihilated the entire world,
your entire concept of what the future will hold for you
before your very ears, an utterly destroyed WREK.
You will be relieved, I am sure, to learn that we didn't mean it
and that both institutions are still open for business, unfortunately.
So, goodbye everybody, and remember please for the next day or so
the terrible lesson you have learned tonight.
That glowing, grinning, globular invader of your living room
is an inhabitant of the pumpkin patch,
and if your doorbell rings and no one's there,
that was no Martian, it was a man from Dimension X.
Over the rooftops and down, down, down
to the edge of the great misty swamp,
where they called the ancient creatures of Halloween Eve.
And soon, they began to arrive,
all the scary, weird, glittering, half-invisible, glimmering, shivery creatures.
There were banshees, and hobgoblins, and werewolves, and trolls,
and monsters, and vampires, and scary spirits, it's impossible to describe.
And as the unearthly horde,
they gathered, they filled the great misty swamp
with a sound of terror, and a chill descended upon this Halloween Eve.
Well, we don't have any cows!
The tale-bearer will be at the judgment.
I suspect that here will be a special place in hell for such beings.
David the Psalmist said in Psalms 15, 1 and 3,
Lord, who may abide in thy tabernacle,
who may dwell on thy holy mountain,
the man of blameless life,
who does that which is right, and speaks the truth from his heart,
who has no malice on his tongue,
who never wrongs a friend, and tells no tale against his neighbor.
At the judgment, there will be those who with their malicious tongue
have destroyed the lives and reputation of others.
These gossipers will be cast into the Lord's hands.
The lowest, darkest pit of eternity.
Call the next defendant.
Kay Bridges to the bar.
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
Silence, Kay!
Yes, your hands are covered with the blood of a thousands of souls that you have murdered.
Murdered?
But I never murdered anyone.
Not with a sword.
But you have sentenced a thousand souls to hell with your malicious tongue.
It would have been a thousand times better
had you murdered them with a sword.
Oh, no.
But I never said anything about anyone except what was true.
I only spoke the truth.
No, Kay.
You spoke that which you wanted to be true.
But granting that you did only speak the truth,
who gave you license to defame and destroy the character of others?
The serpent with his venom and his ire,
with his slimy, slithery foes and his noiseless crawl,
with his deadly call and fatal fang,
is the only fit emblem of the man or woman
who stabs and kills the character of another.
Let your own words condemn you.
May 10, 1973.
Linda's been such a good friend in spiritual health.
Well, when you've known her as long as I have,
you'll really get to know her.
What do you mean?
She's not as concerned about your spiritual life
as you are about her.
What do you think?
But I'm not one to say anything.
You just call me when you need advice.
Well, I've got a lot to do.
I have to go.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Well, I didn't think being a Christian was going to be like that.
I don't believe I want any part of it.
Oh, no.
Oh, my God.
My God, have mercy on me.
I never realized.
Have mercy on me.
You, Kay, with your gossipy tongue,
have driven the babes away from my church.
You have in your lifetime destroyed the weak among my flock.
You never knew what it meant to show mercy.
Would you dare ask this court of mercy?
There is no mercy for you.
You are sentenced to hell where you will want to be haunted
forever by the souls you sent there.
No.
I don't want to go to hell.
You can't send me to hell for something I didn't know.
I didn't know.
I only repeated what I heard.
You didn't know that the most fearful of all crimes
is the crime of gossip.
Your record will speak for itself.
April 7th, 1970.
You, did you not sue?
Go unto the subgeniuses and mock them
and pay not your dues?
Your mighty $20 going up to 30 one year from today?
Uh, no, Kay, whatever your name is,
you must be sentenced indeed to face the future.
They're going to put you back on earth
and let you live amongst the Yucatismas.
You know, dear friends,
if the exes come and find a planet,
you know, dear friends, if the exes come and find a planet,
full of pinks,
they'll spray the planet for humans
just as we would throw our parasite-ridden dog
into a bath of flea dip.
If the anti-exes, the Yucatismas,
arrive on earth first,
they will reduce the planet to cinders
and probably literally, physically rape it,
no matter who is in charge.
For the Yucatismas are almost at the godlike level of the exes,
but are entirely material.
In fact, they are machines,
evolved machines,
purely mechanoid and soulless.
No one knows whether or not there ever was anything one could call life
inside the Yucatismas,
but they display such maliciousness
that it's hard not to assume there's some perverse,
guiding intelligence.
The Yucatismas aren't merely efficient killing machines,
they're implacable,
deliberately cruel killing machines.
They delight in tearing things up.
That's their equivalent of sex.
Theirs can't just be a cold cybernautic intelligence,
they're meaner than any computer could be.
Which implies a soul,
albeit
a black or negative soul.
Being super material,
the Yucatismas are the opposite of the Elder Gods,
but function as their hired mercenaries.
In size, they are miles tall.
Their feet alone could crush entire cities.
They can shed millions of what are to them fleas,
but which are to us monstrous,
mechanoid combinations of Predator,
Alien,
Terminator,
and Velociraptor,
all rolled into one to the tenth power,
bristling with chainsaws,
razor blades,
machine cannons,
and can openers.
Enough of them could take anything apart,
even a small star.
The Yucatismas are able to transform themselves into energy
for traveling between stars and galaxies,
but they have to recharge on life force.
That is when they are most hazardous,
for theirs is a victim-powered,
faster-than-light drive.
For them, stopping for gas is causing a sun to explode,
and as the heat wave destroys the biospheres around it,
the Yucatismas suck all the souls through their intakes
and blow them out the exhaust,
careening off to the next star.
One Yucatisma can tap a fire,
and they can get to one solar output per unit.
Collectively, they probably require the equivalent
of a dozen large spiral nebulae a day.
There must be that much dissolution,
pain, and destruction for them to thrive
and maintain the collective Yucatisma energy.
It's lucky for us that they've been dismantling
other reaches of the galaxy.
The strange galactic upheavals spied by astronomers
mark the spots where they've already trashed
the cores of galaxies just for fun.
And nothing, nothing can make the Yucatismas stop.
They exist only to take other things apart
and build crueler, colder, and harder
Yucatismas out of them.
They turn whole planets into machines
that tear each other into tiny particles.
They won't quit until they've taken everything apart.
They are a destructive force so powerful,
it has become a creative force.
They cannot merely make things seize,
but must break them down and remake them
into ever bigger Yucatismas,
capable of decimating even larger things
and making themselves yet faster,
and so on and on for perpetuity.
The concept of souls apparently irritates the Yucatismas.
They don't like intangibles, unquantifiables,
but they relish human hate.
That's something they can understand.
They find they can be much more destructive
while high on compressed hate.
Only a very few megabredes of hate
can inspire a single Yucatisma
to level the central part of a galaxy.
Unfortunately, whereas the Exes prefer their soul refined
and delivered by Bob in little cylinders,
the Yucatismas are wont to run berserk
across the face of a planet,
literally sucking and nobbling the fear and hate
out of the inhabitants,
geometrically increasing their fear.
The better for the Yucatismas to feed.
Listenopolis
She was with that Jackie White mama
I killed them both
And they're buried under Jenkins' sycamore
You think I'm psycho, don't you, mama?
Mama, pour me a cup
You think I'm psycho, don't you, mama?
Get better, let them lock me up
Don't hand me Johnny's pup, mama
Cause I might squeeze him too tight
I'm having crazy dreams again, mama
So let me tell you about last night
I woke up in Johnny's room, mama
Standing right there by his bed
With my hands around his throat, mama
Wishing both of us were dead
You think I'm psycho, don't you, mama?
I just killed Johnny's pup
You think I'm psycho, don't you, mama?
Get better, let them lock me up
You know that little girl next door, mama
I believe her name was Daddy The Mama
Oh, don't tell me that she's dead, mama
Cause I just saw her in the bar
We were sitting on the bench, mama
Thinking up a game to play
It seems I was wrong to keep you on my mind





Holding a wrench, mama, and then my mind just walked away.
You think I'm psycho, don't you, mama?
I didn't mean to break your cup.
You think I'm psycho, don't you, mama?
Oh, mama, why don't you get up?
Whoa, pretty scary there, dear friends.
That's, uh, uh, who did that?
Well, we don't know.
Reverend Susie the Flusie got that tape, played it on her show.
I played it on my show, but we don't know.
We just don't know, but we can sure figure out something.
Because you are listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
From here in beautiful Dallas, Texas.
And, uh, we'd like you to write away for free information from Bob.
Yes, you can learn a lot more about the beings on the other side.
The other side of everything.
And I'm about to give you that post office box number.
Please take that pen and pencil.
Why, you know, a self-addressed stamped envelope would really get you the fastest service.
And just write to...
Bob at post office box 140306.
That's P.O. Box 140306.
In Dallas, Texas.
75214.
75214.
Ah, so, so, what a lovely number.
I like to say that so much, but I'm going to shut up and just let you listen.
To Doctors for Bob.
Here in the background for a minute, because they're Doctors for Bob.
Here in the background for a minute.
Here in the background for a minute.



They warned me that I didn't listen.
They put it ahead and tried to fright me.
They said just one time, it won't hurt you.
What?
That ain't a lie, do me.
Ah!
Ah!
So that's our background track, huh?
Yeah, what I need.
Herb Alpert at 16.
What I need to do is make a...
I don't know what...
This is soundtrack for Cleve walking home.
Light it.
The lonely Cleve walking home late at night.
He's had, well, you might say, one too many.
And suddenly...
Oh!
He ran into the brick wall.
Oh, my head.
What happened?
Where am I?
The last thing I remember, I was trying my first hit of frog.
Oh, what has it done to me?
I never should have joined the church.
It was...
It was...
There's only one thing left to do.
I must kill Bob.
Yes, yes, that's the answer.
It is my duty to kill Bob.
In fact, just to prove to Bob that he's his own master,
he informed him defiantly that he'd be taking his first acid trip that very day.
Bob was disturbed.
What was happening to Chuck and the others?
Simple.
Acid.
LSD.
What is the truth about it?
The real truth.
Maybe it isn't so bad.
Bob decided to find out, not from being told by anyone else,
Cole or Kahn.
He'd make his own inquiries.
The library provided ample scientific information about the drug itself.
The surgic acid diethylamide, 25,
was first synthesized in Switzerland in 1938
by a biochemist, Dr. Albert Hoffman,
while studying a parasitic fungus that attacked European rice fields.
And speaking of parasitic funguses,
I said it doesn't make any sense.
I tried.
Jesus never showed up.
In the desert?
Yeah.
Wow.
Yeah, sure.
But Jesus never showed up.
It ended up doing us thinking about dinosaurs, as usual.
And naked women.
Not at the same time.
Naked dinosaur women.
This all happened in the year 1661.
Bill?
Bill?
Bill?
Bill?
Bill?
Bill?
Bill?
Bill?
Bill?
Bill?


Bill?


Bill?








Bill?

Bill?
Will?
Bill?






Bill?
Pearl button!
For kids, calm down.
nothing evident will be here in just a minute.
What are the books?
Mine are about Andes.
I'm sure it was on forever.
And what about Philo, too?
Okay, figuring Philo machine now.
Beep.
Ah!
Is this the Philo drumming triangulation device?
I'm afraid so. These are Philo's ashes.
Well, this whole bank of instruments seems to be calibrated by Guy Duel.
Okay, figuring Guy Duel now.
This is the first lay of the rest of your life.
Oh, I see. Now that was Frank Bent.
Oh, wrong code here.
Frank Bent, the fake everything.
The fake Guy Duel, the fake show.
The fake everything.
I mean, why did they even try?
Why did they just go to sleep?
Well, this is the fake show today, I can tell.
Yeah, fake old stoopy show.
But what happened to that peanut pad who was going to play the organ for us?
Sounds all edgy.
Oh, well, here, let's...
Not that that's great, but I mean...
I know.
You know, it's just Ian Brooke on the outpost.
But there he is.
Look at that jolly old fellow pounding the keys now.
Yes, the show improves as soon as we hear the dulcet sounds of Marvin at the organ again.
And frigid light plays into my distanced pupils.
A little too much clarity and light and love and order and harmony here.
It's kind of making me sick, but I asked for it, so I'd better ride it out.
Folks, does life get you down?
Does it, huh?
Hmm?
Well, I'm not surprised.
I'm not surprised.
I'm not surprised.
