We, the jury, find the defendant guilty.
Guilty. Guilty. Guilty. Guilty. Guilty.
No! No! Guilty!
I'm not me! I'm...
The Self-Genius Power of Swag!
Click. Click.
From PR News in Washington, I'm charged with a sex crime against Harvey Weinstein
and 13 members of a youth soccer team in July of 2006.
President Trump denies all his sexual relationships were consensual.
Alive.
Forecasters are expecting this month in New Mexico,
the National Interagency Fire Center says it's expected if a summer hits.
FBI agents rated PR News.
The Dow 63-14-75-5-24-24-27.
PR is in trouble.
President Trump said you're listening to forcible sexual PR news.
PR News.
10-4, Beanie.
Head for fear.
Microwaves won't find me here.
I detect a conspiracy smell.
I want to know who's at the wheel.
Who's at the wheel?
Who's at the reins?
Who's the little ring?
voice inside of my brain
Starts with a whisper
ends with a squeal
I wanna know who's
at the wheel
Fidel Johnson
Mafia spies, I don't really
think that Kennedy died
They took him to the moon
that would be so
but I'm pretty damn sure that they didn't
really go
Who's at the wheel? Who's at the range?
Who's that little voice
inside of my brain?
Starts with a whisper
ends with a squeal
I wanna know who's
at the wheel
Kenyan Muslims ruin
our lives, Al-Qaeda camps
drones in the sky
A man with a mustache
plotting a deal
I wanna know who's at the wheel
My paranoia
is an avalanche
When I find out I'm on a crap
in my pants
The hard, hard truth
The real, real deal
God, I fear nobody's at the wheel
Who's at the wheel?
Who's at the range?
Who's that little voice inside of my brain?
Starts with a whisper
ends with a squeal
I wanna know who's at the wheel
Who's at the wheel?
Who's at the wheel?
Who's at the wheel?
Who's at the wheel?
Who's at the wheel?
Who's at the wheel?
Who's at the wheel?
I wanna know who's at the wheel
Who's at the wheel?
The Rainmakers could not be more timely in this day of Russian propelled boogaloo propaganda, friends.
This...
might be kind of a sad hour of slack because it's not a rerun.
And these are sad times.
But we try to put the best face on the troubles and that face is of course the Bob face!
We put our Bob smile on.
The Dobbshead bandana mask helps if it's in a place crowded with diseased humans.
And we face the future knowing that we're not alone.
We knew all along that the world was ending and only the subgeniuses will be saved.
Oh yes, Bob's promise rings true.
He said, Bob said in 1953, these prophetic words.
It's gonna be a bummer, man.
Can anyone say he was wrong in any single detail of that?
It's gonna be a bummer, man.
Prophecy fulfilled.
There'll be lots of music in this episode because there's a long center core of words.
And the music was picked in a thoughtful way to fit the theme.
And about the only music I could think of to perfectly fit the theme was pretty much all by the Rainmakers
plus Jimi Hendrix and some youthful girls and maybe one boy
in a new doctor band called the Sub G Kids.
But before we get too real, let's go see a monster movie from the album of that same name by the Rainmakers.
It's as true today as it will be tomorrow.
From 2014, actually.
The Rainmakers.
Well it when time did it get really heavy
What kind of everything was it?
Saying every fireume is the sound of life
And that it was each human human being
When I say John D.
I said we're going to be the first matters we see
The fact that John D.
is on the same level we're like the aliens




If your soul's for sale, it's all gonna be gone
Pale politicians hiding in religion
Drag us to the ditch, it's all gonna be gone
In our monster movie
These monsters are real
In our monster movie
In our house on the hill
Ain't no salvation in a money nation
Pre gonna eat you, it's all gonna be gone
Dollar bills steeple, all you poor people
Gonna get out, it's all gonna be gone
In our monster movie
These monsters are real
In our monster movie
In our house on the hill
Everything about it is a puzzle
Something presents, we're all puzzled
Nobody believes they will survive
And we're all just a bunch of fools

But the problem is alive
Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
Numb after Trump
In your melodrama
You're the limited
It's all gonna be gone
Jesus ain't a common
Neither is your mama
Close up for the kill
It's all gonna be gone
In a monster movie
These monsters are real
In a monster movie
In a house on the hill
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, yes, dear friends, and welcome to Hour of Slut number 1783.
It's not a rerun tonight.
We've done reruns three weeks in a row while America was burning,
and I could probably just keep my mouth shut about all that
because you can't say anything without angering somebody.
So let me say that I'm not speaking for the Church of the Subgenius.
This is just yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang,
and the Subgenius Foundation head office, which is also just me.
But it's time to talk about the BLM demonstration in Glen Rose, Texas.
Yes.
Which happened just a couple of days ago on June 13th of the year of the conspiracy calls 2020.
Now, before we went to the event, I wrote down some of my ideas
and posted them here and there so as to get even better ideas.
And most of them were just ideas.
But I'm going to set it up by reading the preliminary bit,
and then I'll go through the actual report after it happened.
And this is what I said.
There's a BLM vigil in the town square of our tiny, super-Republican, super-cowboy town this evening.
And boy, howdy, the angry, threatening right-wingers on Facebook
are way outnumbering the earnest teenage girls and old folks who are likely to be on the BLM side.
So I'm going to go and add to the crowd size.
Except for the BLM.
Most of the demonstrators in favor of BLM will most likely be not patriopsychotic anarcho-materialists like me,
but earnest Republican Christians.
That's about 90% of the population here.
The other 9% are Democrat Christians.
And then there's the four subgeniuses.
Two of whom are...
technically also Jewish.
Now, I've considered some handmade signs I might bring.
No human lives matter, was my sister's suggestion.
She likes animals, though.
Probably not a good idea, because both sides might shoot me.
And then, of course, there's always slack lives matter,
which would be an even worse idea.
I am going to go down there and check it out, though.
I could stand on one side with a gun, yelling and braying at the juvenile jokes,
and then go over to the other side to bend the knee and bow my head,
while holding the gun to my own head and crying,
Why? Why? Why?
That was Philo's idea.
I thought of wearing realistic makeup,
so I'd look like I'd just been...
beat all to hell,
and hold up a sign saying,
Black and Blue Lives Matter.
But again, that would probably get me beat up, for real, by both sides.
They might politely take turns.
After you, demon crap, you go ahead and hit him first.
Oh no, Sir Repuke, I insist you have first go at him.
Well, if you insist.
Have at you, smartass, since you like bruises so much.
Indeed.
How dare he besmirch our serious street fight with mirth and levity.
Yeah, I guess at last we found some common ground.
Beat up the smarty pants.
We could bring the dogs.
Everybody loves dogs, especially Claudia, the boxer pit bull,
who's almost completely black all over, and so lovable.
And she could wear Black Lives Matters.
No, no, no.
That could really be taking the wrong line.
The most common response from dumbasses around here,
to the whole BLM thing, is usually along the lines of,
So you don't think cop lives matter?
You don't think white lives matter?
Why do you bring your hate of your own kind to this nice, peaceful town?
The gullible dumbasses are also spreading the probably Russian-originated lie.
Or boogaloo.
The lie that violent thug professional looters will be bussed in from the big city in Dallas.
Quite a few people here fall for all that Russian fake anti-thighs hiring propaganda
that they send each other on Facebook.
And Fox math.
My immediate family, friends, is multiracial.
And I personally have had a gun pointed at me by a cop just because I had long hair
and a t-shirt on with a flying saucer on it, which made the cop say,
So you're in a cult?
I've also been chased by rednecks just for having long hair, although that was 50 years ago.
And nowadays, half the rednecks and bikers have long hair.
Incidentally, I don't use the word redneck as a pejorative.
It just simply means rural outdoor workers whose necks get red in the sun.
They call themselves rednecks proudly, and I'm half redneck myself.
They might also be great historians or writers or musicians or scientists on the side when they're not on their tractor.
And yeah, my neck is only about half red.
I actually did benefit quite a bit from slavery.
I was born a little more stained with the sins of my ancestors than most, I'm afraid.
My great-great uncle was Senator Cotton Ed Smith.
Wikipedia had this to say about Ellison Durant Cotton Ed Smith.
He was a Democratic Party politician from the U.S. state of South Carolina,
widely known for his virulently racist and segmented behavior.
He had his own kind of segregationist views and his advocacy of white supremacy.
He represented South Carolina in the United States Senate from 1909 until 1944.
At that point, the Republicans and Democrats kind of traded places.
Anyway, that connection might have helped my father get into Harvard Law School.
Also, my mom was the one who came to this little all-Democrat town in the 70s
and convinced them they were all actually Republicans.
But of course, I lived in East Cleveland for 20 years,
so at least half the neighbors and the people I worked with had lives that were black and mattered to me.
By the same token, the vast majority of my encounters with police officers have actually been positive.
But I've got to run now because I heard there was going to be a prayer vigil
for cops in the square in about 20 minutes,
and I'm going to go sniff that out on my way to the post office.
Well, friends, that turned out to be fake news.
There was no prayer vigil for cops or any other kind of prayer vigil,
just the usual fruit stands and little tiny farmer's market.
It was all just big talk.
However, there was a Trump-Pence sign on one stand, which was new.
I bought some fresh eggs from a different stand.
The Trump eggs hatch in the middle of the stand.
I was very into little Trumps.
Okay, that was in the morning of Saturday, June 13th.
Then we went to the Glen Rose Black Lives Matter vigil.
And what an anticlimax.
Everything was just as I predicted, uneventful.
Only, actually, it turned out a lot better than I expected.
With a couple of ridiculous exceptions, there was no counter-protest,
no patriot vigilantes with AK-47s.
I counted about 75 friendlies respectfully participating in the peaceful vigil
in the town square, listening to several speakers who were mostly Glen Rose citizens.
It was really touching at times and fairly boring at other times.
It was 7 o'clock in the evening, and the weather was really nice.
Now, strangely, the busloads of hired anti-tankers,
anti-fob, professional looters, and outside agitators
predicted by the skeptical naysayers on the Glen Rose Facebook pages,
they never showed up.
I'm guessing maybe they had a flat,
or maybe they got in the wrong directions and went towards Glen Rose, Arkansas.
Not a single flaming trash can was slung through a single storefront,
as was widely predicted.
Now, despite the public restlessness,
and the classrooms being locked,
another threat that scandalized many of the pro-fa people on the local Facebook,
viewed as a harbinger of disaster and a Democrat coup,
it was actually a very peaceful demonstration.
None of the roads were blocked, despite the dire predictions of some BLM critics,
and for some reason, parking was no different than any other Saturday evening in the town square.
But it was just uncanny how a bunch of young and old,
and 90% white, Glen Rose natives were able to gather for an hour
and acknowledge that there are still some pretty serious disparities
due to racial prejudice that need to be addressed.
I guess the anti-fa must have surrendered and run away
due to all the promises by Glen Rose pro-fa conservatives that there would be, quote,
second amendment presence, unquote,
for the safety of this God-fearing town of 2400 people.
To protect it from, you know, the teenagers and boomers
talking on a little PA about nature and sustainability and justice and all that stuff.
Now, people who wanted to speak were invited up to the courthouse steps
where there was a microphone on a stand and a PA speaker about the size of a shoebox.
I had to stand practically next to the steps,
just to hear well, but I'm pretty deaf.
And I placed my location recorder near the little speaker,
so I have an okay recording of everything.
Don't worry, I won't force it on the radio audience.
I only really know a few of the folks who were there,
but I introduced myself to some of the organizers.
Since everybody's wearing face masks,
unless they were speaking on the microphone at the time,
it was kind of awkward.
It was awkward.
And it required the occasional lower face reveal.
At one point, I said to somebody,
I recognize the upper half of your face from Facebook.
Now, my buddies on our secret non-Facebook internet club
asked me for a live report.
And I told them the short version.
It was touching and boring both.
A big loud chuck
with Trump banners drove past three or four times, honking.
That was the full extent of conflict.
It scared Princess Wee, though.
And of course, there were lots of good old boys standing around nearby,
just sort of observing.
But nobody was waving guns around or any of that.
Unlike a little town in Ohio,
where the locals, the conservative locals,
some of them were convinced that there were paid rioters coming in.
And they actually beat up a whole bunch of the peaceniks.
But at the Glen Rose thing,
there was a preacher and a lot of Jesus and love stuff,
which actually kind of made me tear up,
because there were some really authentic moments that happened.
As I told my buddies,
I've never seen so many attractive ladies of all ages.
In one place in Glen Rose.
Democrats appear to have healthier diets,
judging by the turnout at this.
There were three black people there that I know of.
That's a lot for Glen Rose.
One was a councilman from Arlington
who got on the mic and talked about his experience of racism.
One was a local guy who works at the grocery store
who hadn't heard anything about this demonstration
and just stumbled upon it.
And was flabbergasted to see all these Glen Rose, Texas,
small town rednecks acting like they actually gave a hoot about this stuff.
And he did a little spontaneous statement,
which was good.
One of the organizers and a few participants
were young Latinas or Latinos,
plain old Americans, but not Anglos.
But honestly, for all intents and purposes,
it was an almost all white, all local, 90% Christian,
probably half Republican, small crowd
that basically said,
here we are and this is what we think.
Black lives matter.
And also it would be great if all lives got to be
mattering equally somehow, someday,
or something like that.
Basically, it was supposed to be an anti-fear message.
So, anyway, although there were a few guys in front of me,
in front of some stores across the street,
being sarcastic and fist-bumping occasionally,
there were none of the threatened, open-carry,
Second Amendment biker individuals
promised by Facebook loudmouth.
Just that one Trump truck that honked.
And somebody revved up their engine real loud a couple of times.
So, the promised Civil War once again failed to materialize.
Instead, corny as this sounds to say,
for one evening, kind of like at Christmas,
the town square was exuding a vibe of love.
And it was pretty cool.
And gave me some slack.
Plus, again, I've never seen so many healthy and attractive
looking ladies in the town of Glen Rose all in one place.
Now, a friend of mine,
who happens to be a Republican,
responded somewhat snarkily to that report
when I posted it on Facebook with pictures.
He said,
Yeah, because of your participation in that protest,
police brutality worldwide has utterly ceased.
Good job.
Well, it actually was Facebook brutality that spurred me personally.
Juvenile jackasses on the internet making threats to scare a 15-year-old
is actually the main reason I went.
This vigil was originally started by a 15-year-old girl.
And boy, did they bully her.
Oddly enough, the bullies didn't actually show up to speak of.
Oh, but today, the people who weren't there are all busy telling each other
that there were only a dozen people at the pathetic vigil.
And it's just the typical blatant lies.
The truth never fits their childish agendas
because the complex is actually not quite as simple as they are.
Another crusty old bastard, Dr. Piss-Off, said,
What? You said there was no cussing? WTF?
To which I said,
Not cussing is some liberal's way of letting the supposedly all-Christian apple pie opposition
let them be the coarse and vulgar vocabulary-challenged troglodytic louts for a change.
Some time ago, I noticed that four-letter vulgarities had become normal
on everything from news headlines to children's cartoons.
And many youths and boomers alike can't get through a sentence
without using
Bob?
the way uh was once used.
Of course, cussing is necessary.
But as a contrarian emergentile subgenius,
I've consciously switched over to using only archaic, quaint euphemisms
from my grandparents' era, like
God darn it.
Tarnation.
What in Sam Hill?
Dad blasted.
Con sarnit.
That's just a bunch of hooey.
Et cetera.
Et cetera.
But uh, my favorite response was
one subgenius, Reverend Thorpe, I said, I think, said,
The public restroom's being locked.
They'd infringed on your right to excremeditate.
I would make a big stink about that.
Yeah.
Yeah, man.
Then you're stepping on our religion.
And uh, oh, somebody, one of the critics on the Glen Rose Facebook page
sarcastically referred to having accidentally parked in the anti-fa parking lot
with what to him were dramatic consequences.
And I thought, the poor guy, he took, he mistook it for the pro-fa parking lot.
Pro-fa!
Where's that word been our whole lives?
And you're welcome to use it.
Anyway, congratulations to the Glen Rose nice folks on a successful event.
And I was glad to half meet a lot of them since half their faces weren't visible.
And uh, here's a little poem.
Uh, just to change the subject.
This is uh, from Pastor Prime of the Mutant Mountain Boys band that we see at the devotionals.
There once was a virus from Wuhan.
Infected me while on my futon.
I laid there for weeks while breathing in squeaks.
But healed up by getting my snooze on.
Uh, yes, it is actually terrible.
And now back to our regularly scheduled subgenius programming.
I actually have no idea what that is at this point.
And now this.
Bud Light presents
The Subgenius Power of Slack
Real American Heroes
Today we salute you, real American heroes.
Don't stay in too long
Or everyone will shout
Finish quickly and come back
Roar!
Roar!
Roar!
Danger!
Teacher...
f******ed
Danger
Teacher....
Danger
prejudiced
Danger
F***
Sometimes, you gotta say,
FULL CREDIT!
From PR News in Washington, I'm, quote, very, very nervous.
I'm so nervous that local health officials are recommending people evacuate.
The Secretary of Veterans Affairs plans to fire four missiles over Japan and into waters around Guam.
Japan says it's the first test of a VA's nuclear warhead small enough to fit on a missile.
Congress has been trying for years to make it easier to fire.
Now, the county health department says it's seeing the highest air quality readings it's ever recorded.
For people who are vulnerable.
Vulnerable people include pregnant children.
Children and anyone over age five.
A Denver court has heard from the turkey.
She testified that she groped a former turkey, grabbing her and lifting her turkey skirt.
This turkey says it is unclear whether German turkeys are strained,
and Germany has warned its citizens about turkeys after a German turkey was arrested last month in Berlin.
The Dow is 2198, 25, 22, 21, 26.
The turkey says this is PR.
News.
Well, I was thinking about Abraham Lincoln and the enemies of the truth.
But I could not tell a Kennedy from a John Wilkes.
Out of my way.
Out of my way.


Out of my way, hey, out of my way, hot rockin' on recordin' day
And I feel like kickin' a fight with anybody who claims they're right
All the preacher men, the politicians, all the critics and the things they write
Out of my way, out of my way, hey, out of my way, hot rockin' on recordin' day
And this is a call to arms, this is a call to hands
This is a call to the voices and the minds of the people in every land
Out of my way, out of my way, hot rockin' on recordin' day
And we're takin' the history test of who's baddest and who is best
Lenin the brother, Lenin the sister, Lenin the communist
Out of my way, out of my way, out of my way, out of my way, hot rockin' on recordin' day
Waste me one day, want the money in the mattress
Waste me one day, want the money in the mattress
Waste me one day, put your pennies where they go
Waste me one day, nothin' left to believe in
Nothin' left to wait for
And gettin' in to tell the truth
Was like pullin' the wisdom tooth
And though he never would admit it, everybody knew he did it
When he burned down the board and moved
Out of my way, out of my way
And we are the immigrant flock
A ship wrecked on the sea
From the Glymph Rock
From the Monitor and the Merrimack
From the Thresher and the Pueblo and the Titanic
Recordin' day, the money in the mattress
Recordin' day, put your pennies where they go
Recordin' day, nothin' left to believe in
Nothin' left to wait for
Out of my way, get out of my way
Get out of my way, get out of my way, get out of my way
Out of my way, get out of my way, get out of my way
Get out of my way, get out of my way, out of my way
Out of my way


Out of my way
Out of my way
Out of my way
Out of my way
Out of my way

Out of my way
It's all a lie
We're being lied to
every day every day we think that we have all the answers we don't have all the answers
they won't give us the answers so how are we supposed to live our lives how are we supposed to live our lives
I love you Disney boys you are the answer to my problems all the misinformation all I need is real people in my life authentic people who have opinions who are not sheeple
sheeple
sheeple
sheeple
They're out there, Miss Pucci.
They are.
They are.
They are.
And they just keep adding lines and lines and lines.
And for what?
Are they pussy?
I mean, like, I'm like, to keep us under your thumb.
Oh, I know.
Right?
Right?
Because if they told the truth, they do.
There would be an uprising.
And kind of, there already is.
You know?
All the time was this or that.
Because we're kept in the dark.
How many times do we not hear something that's out there?
We only hear of these cases because someone was there to witness it.
How much is really being kept from us?
We're never going to know.
The Book of Secrets.
Yes, they have all the answers to all the questions with all the scientific data to back it up.
You know what?
I just figured out the answer.
We just got to find a way to fuck Bo Gates.
He'll tell us everything.
I didn't know.
That was It's All a Lie, an excerpt from Freedom of Speech by High Priestess Pucci and Reverend Katana 007,
who formed the band Sub G Kids with Reverend Negative.
That's Cyra.
The Reverend-laden Danger song earlier was also by the Sub G Kids,
who, if I understand correctly, were streaming that on video also while they performed it.
And in between, the PR news of Lemur and the song Reckoning Day by the Rainmakers from the 70s.
But now, well, I play this long Jimi Hendrix song every five years or so,
just in case nobody's...
heard it.
It's probably been ten years.
It's still considered one of the best guitar solo songs ever done.
The song Machine Gun by Jimi Hendrix.
And this is the famous Fillmore East New Year's performance that was on the main band of Gypsy's album.
Happy New Year, first of all.
We have about a million or two million more of them.
If we can get over the summer.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
We have to dedicate this one to such a draggy scene that's going on.
All the soldiers that are fighting in Chicago and Milwaukee and New York.
Oh yes, and all the soldiers fighting in Vietnam.
Had to do a thing called Machine Gun.
Machine Gun by Jimi Hendrix.



It's a great song.
It's a great song.
It's a great song.
It's a great song.
I think it's going to..
Không...
I think it's going to..
It's a great song for someone who's arranging stuff a lot.


I think it's going to be..


Almost, just at the edge of wäre.
Right.
Just at the edge.
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
Well, I pick up my axe
and fight like a farmer, you know what I mean?
Hey!
And your bullets keep
knocking me down
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
Hey! I pick up my axe
and fight like a farmer, now
Yeah, but you still blast me down
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
The same way you shoot me down, baby
guitar solo
guitar solo
You've been going just the same
three times a day
guitar solo
And you're on such a plane
guitar solo
Hey!
For sure
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
boom
black
Yeah
That's what we don't wanna hear anymore!
No bullets
dirty gear
no playful
Your time has come to rock the ages
Your time has come to burn the fields
Strain your mold and tear the pages
Tune your drum, your time has come
Standing on a mountain underneath a clear starry sky
Digging for an old gold record in the coal hillside
Your time has come to wrestle angels and capture one
Your time has come
Your time has come to claim the quarters
Raid the port, seize the flag
Storm the ramparts, cross the waters
Steal the guns, your time has come
Hoping and wishing and praying for a clean escape
Your time has come
From the worn out, torn out, burned out same old ways
Your time has come to kill the giant
The Bible hum, your time has come
Salamander's
Vanging at a rhythm on a jiffy-fifty-gallon drum
Yee-Yeh
Whoop!
Woo!
Dat videos are कลhao
Then now is the time to come
Your time has come!
To Kill The Which?
To rock the ages
Run, child, run
Your time has come
Your time has come
Your time has come
Your time has come
Your time has come
Your time has come
You're gonna leave that flag behind
So long, Johnny Rev
Johnny Rev, whoa, whoa
Johnny Rev, goodbye
Hey, Johnny Rev
Where did the wind blow
All your courage
All your nerve
Tied up
And your parents arise
Armies go marching
Who will say
What needs to be heard
I'm hitchin' down to Memphis
Gonna hop this darn guitar
Gonna leave that song behind
So long, Johnny Rev
Johnny Rev, whoa, whoa
Johnny Rev, goodbye
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Hey, Johnny Rev
Where will we find you
When they need somebody
Who'll stand guard in the gate
Keys to the kingdom
Jingling freedom
Bells in your hand
Followin' all my mail
To the last frontier
Gonna kiss that cause goodbye
So long, Johnny Rev
Johnny Rev, whoa, whoa
Johnny Rev, goodbye
Goodbye
Goodbye
today






















