From PR News in Washington, I'm using children as human shields.
However, time is running short for solving PR's problems.
That's patently untrue.
Also today, U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is sentenced to eight years in prison.
She's accused of helping PR News elude capture for 16 years.
You're listening to PR News.
That's true.
True.
Stocks so far, 22, 112, 53, 23, 28, 32, 10, 13, 19.
Also today, a large square of Secretary of Commerce was attacked by angry mobs
as it unsuccessfully attempted to get into the rebel-held town of Washington.
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton continues out of control.
Clinton has claimed the life of at least one person.
She destroyed more than 100 structures.
Which she says can be accomplished without.
Harsh austerity measures.
Also today, John Bryson's office said, this is PR.
You ain't nothing but a...
Soul genius.
Power of...
Watch.
We depend on you to lift the standards of our young people.
Not hasten their decadence.
Attention subgeniuses.
Attention subgeniuses.
The Mutant Mountain Boys will be playing at the main stage
within the next five minutes.
Human time.
Or within the next ten seconds, Princess Wee time.
The end days, my brothers, are soon upon us.
For soon, my brothers and sisters, the skies will open.
The saucers will come.
And we will all meet them in the sky.
And if they don't, then, you know, whatever.
We'll get drunk. I don't care.
We'll get drunk.
We'll get drunk.
We'll get drunk.
We'll get drunk.
We found a sweet haven of sunshine at last.
The exits are parting above.
They'll scoop us with tentacles newly cast.
And smoothly they'll sell us some love.
The tempest is over.
We're safe evermore.
We're safe evermore.
Action when rupture is nigh.
The danger has passed.
We're rescued at last.
The end days are here by and by.
Cease us endangered and sends out his men
To pilot our ping-beaten soul.
The end times have teased us again and again.
But this one's the truth, it's told.
The tempest is over.
We're safe evermore.
What slackness, what rupture is nigh?
The danger has passed.
is past. We're rescued at last. The end days are hereby and by.
His trance shall control me through life and in death. Completely I'll fuck to the end.
I'll praise Bob each hour in my last weeping breath.
Shall joke of my life and in death. I'll praise Bob each hour in my last weeping breath.
He'll protect me from things that morning blind.
She'll set my soul's best friend on fire.
I'll praise Bob each hour in my last weeping breath.
He'll give me a hug and a blessing to bliver Take me to heaven and on earth.
He'll take away my troubles, all my tears. And I'll endeavors store, I shall ask him
Were rest and rest were rest, no husband's mind.
Germans forgot heart and soul are far, Death and doom meet and that쳐.
He'll join my dead and deep and renowned relicsful heart.
We're safe evermore.
What slackness, what rupture is love?
The danger is past.
We're rescued at last.
The end days are here by and by.
This is your captain. Is there a subgenius on board?
Mister, it's 4 a.m.
Hey, you're a genius, right? I'm a subgenius.
Okay. Yeah. Uh. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Uh. Uh. Yeah. Uh. Yeah. Uh. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Uh.
Thank you, Reverend Wilhelm von Stroheim for that little cut-up.
Before that, the Mutant Mountain Boys live at 50 next day.
And at the top, the return of the real PR news by the great Mr. Fernandinende Leemur.
Evidently referring to him as being dead, resurrected him.
More PR news later.
Friends, this is Hour of Slut number 1373.
And it's mostly rants and song jams recorded live at the main stage the second night of 50 next day.
And consequently has way more cussing than usual.
So be forewarned.
We start with our MC, Priestess Pisces and myself explaining the way the freeform rant jamming works.
Okay, so here's how this is gonna work.
I have a stage hook.
The people who can use this stage hook are myself, Stang, and we.
The stage hook will work like this.
If you would like to rant,
you can come up on stage and rant.
If Stang or myself or we are tired of listening to you spit on the mic because you're drunk,
then the stage hook will be employed.
I doubt if Princess Wee and I would even go to that trouble.
Because it's at 7 o'clock the world ends and we have to get up at 6.
I'm not really used to that.
I don't do the staying up all night thing.
Yeah, go ahead.
Have fun.
At 7 o'clock in the morning, everybody's gonna be looking at me going,
Where's Reverend Stang?
Are the saucers coming or not?
So we're actually going to go to bed at midnight exactly before our car turns back into a car.
Well, in other words, you're Fox because it's me.
Here's made last year or maybe the year before by Reverend 808.
This shitty performer hook is large enough to grab,
more than one person or one really large person.
Or, sure, Gordon, why don't you come up here?
I bet we can practice on you real quick.
It's way too far for him to walk.
Yeah, yeah.
If you could get somebody to wheel you down, that'd be great.
You know what, it's funny.
We've got a bunch of old doctors who love to heckle,
but I don't see a damn one of them up on stage in this open rant.
Pisces, that's called slack.
That's why I'm the one that gets paid in just mere pathetic ways.

They get paid in pathetic money.
They get paid in slack.
No, this is called rewardian versus emergentile is what this is called.
They're bigger emergentiles than I am.
They use us like puppets.
They pretend to be rewardians.
Not that I would name any names, Dr. Drummer.
You know what, all this time I put a tampon in my vagina and not Gordon's hand.
But what they really do is get us to do all the physical and organizational work and smiling.
Being polite to everybody.
Jesus Christ!
This is going to drive a man insane!
Again?
I envy most of you because you get to hate the conspiracy.
Think what I have to hate.
We got a microphone here.
All of them are laughing.
Oh great.
Well what the fuck is going on here?
Everybody's laughing and having a good time.
Laughing and having a good time?
Yes.
If you don't know who the fuck I am, I'm G. Gordon.
I'm the mercenary of mercy.
Bob's fucking left hand.
Pope of the southern hemisphere.
And nobody's fucking sweetheart.
And then all this joviality and cuteness and everything is so much fun.
But basically what I've seen lately is this church has got a rotting stain going through the middle of the heart of this church.
Because you know why?
It's so easy for you.
Because you're the generation of the people I have.
The little phone goes ee-dee-dee-dee.

I got a little thing in my ear.
I was so cute.
I got the tablet.
I don't have to fucking think about anything.
I look it up on Google.
Yeah.
Look at you.
So now if we had Wi-Fi or anything like that here, I wouldn't even be able to talk to anybody.
You all sit there going ee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee.
And everybody goes Steve Jobs.
Oh my God.
It's so terrible.
I'm so sorry.
What the fuck is the guy that stopped a whole lot of people going around?
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I don't know.





It's like we're putting an bangs on you and then you're like, Oh, no, just go.




You know, like, I'm sure a bunch of people are going like, Oh, yeah, walking in front
of fucking buses and things and you don't even have to do anything to be cool.
Oh, no.
You just go on things like Foocon.
Oh, I'm in a Foocon hole!
I can't get out.
What do you mean?
You can't turn your goddamn computer off?
What's wrong with you people?
Oh, look here, I found this on FooCom, I'll change the word here, put a comma in, it's like, hey, look at this, ain't that cool?
You are a bunch of high-tech, lazy, indulged pussies.
Let me tell you something about this church.
You heard me, listen to me.
I'll tell you something about this goddamn church.
It was forged in the pain and blood of cheap copying, lousy goddamn whiteout, and a whole lot of pennies paid for Xeroxing.
Not to mention the postage.
And most of the spoken word in this church was not Skyping or wiping or blooping or whatever the fuck you do.
It was like a cassette, which, in case you don't remember, was a little tiny thing for recording analog sound.
And it had mechanical, never mind, you don't care, you don't remember, because you're too goddamn indulging yourself with your little phones, your little things.
Listen to me.
This is a do-it-yourself religion.
Let's talk about religion.
Religion starts off when some asshole, smart guy, working guy whips up a little line of bullshit, and it sounds good.
And he goes, whoa.
And everybody goes, whoa.
And somebody else says, hey, we could do a book with this, you know?
Oh, yeah, that sounds good.
Next thing you know, it's the law of the land.
We have the book.
You must go buy the book.
Okay, we'll go buy the book.
Okay, but first you must cut the end of your penis off before you can go buy the book.
Oh, we did it.
It hurts.
Yeah, now we will kill you.
Because you cut your penis off.
I mean, it's like our way or the highway.
So all of these different streams of things called religion, which I prefer to call bullshit,
are strained out here, and people are killing each other and everything.
And Bob comes along, and what have we got?
We've got a goddamn religion.
We do it ourselves.
We have no...
People say, Stang's in charge.
Fuck, Stang ain't in charge.
Legume ain't in charge.
Pisces and Legume and Stang are wonderful people.
But nobody's in charge in this...
Let me ask you something.
When was...
When was the last time you defaced public property with a goddamn big dob's head?
When was the last time you left the pamphlet in a Christian science reading room?
Yesterday!
When was the last time some stupid goddamn idiot Christian was on the corner blathering
and you faced him down and told him what a dumb shit he was and gave him a pamphlet and bought him to Bob?
This is an in-your-face church.
This is no nice church.
I mean, we have marriages and shit.
Oh, that's so nice.
Oh, look at your Pisces.
God bless you.
But at the same time, this is a sinny sacrilegion.
It's not based on being funny or being cute.
It's deriding and hating things that are pink.
All things that are pink, my friends.
This is your do-it-yourself hate kit.
Don't you understand that?
Hate is pure.
Hate burns.
Hate cleanses.
Feel the beauty of that four-letter word, friends.
H-A-T-A.
Hate.
Hate.
Hate.
Oh, a splendor.
And I just tell you here, before I leave, Bob is not the smiling guy.
That's not a grin.
That's a fucking shot of Freud.
Do you know what that is?
He's laughing at your asses.
And you people who pay your $35.
And go, whoa, man, I'm in this church of the sub-juniors.
Paid my $35.
Now I'm going to lean back.
Hey, entertain me, man.
Hey, send me some funny shit, dude.
Show me some YouTube stuff, man.
Oh, shit, this is really.
Hey, it's not about that, you assholes.
You got to do stuff for Dobbs.
You know, all that cheap, shitty copying and everything.
And those endless hours of bullshit on tape.
That's what made this church.
It was a participatory church.
And if you haven't figured that.
Get out.
All I have to say is, if you haven't gotten a fucking joke, you need to get off the goddamn
pot.
And with that, I will leave you with the words, repent, kill your boss, and fuck off.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
This would be Popus Pantiera.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Hey, everybody.
How the fuck are you?
Before I start my very short rant, I have a rebuttal to G. Gordon Gordon and all the
whippersnappers that he thinks of it.
I have to remind him that at one point cassette tapes were newfangled technology, and so were
record players.
So was the wheel.
And so was the wheel.
And so was the wheel.
And so was fire.
So there was always somebody about G. Gordon Gordon's age going, these fucking whippersnappers
don't know how to do anything right.
But that's beside the point.
I have a very short rant about what people like to call upward mobility.
So you think you're going up in the world, you get a better job, it pays about 50 cents
more per hour.
Which means you get...
I don't know, 50 bucks more an hour per week, which is great.
You think you're going up in life, right?
That's upward mobility, right?
That's what society says it is.
But life always has a way of taking away from you.
Like you get 50 extra bucks a week, that means you have to pay for your water bill now instead
of somebody else doing it for you.
And anyway, that's how they fuck you over.
They make you think you have to siphon a little bit more.
They make you think you have to pay for something else.
For better insurance.
For a new car.
You know, to keep up with the Jones.
That's how life siphons all your slack away.
And you see, things are never going to improve with a better job.
And you know why?
It's because every job has the same function.
No matter what you do, no matter how much you make, you're siphoning your slack into
time that you can never get better.
It's not yours.
It belongs to the conspiracy.
No matter what the fuck you're doing or how much you like it.
Yes, this is slack.
Are you an idiot?
You're siphoning your well-earned slack into the maw of the conspiracy when you work.
That's all you're doing.
It's been that way since we stopped hunting and gathering and started assigning classes.
There are clerics, there are kings, and there are peasants.
And that's how it's always been.
That's how it's always going to be.
Until tomorrow morning at 7 a.m. when the fucking exes come down and kill everybody.
And we start hunting pink souls and gathering their skulls.
And that's why, unfortunately, I'm not going to be, I won't be able to stick around for
the, uh, for the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the,
uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, easily
damn right.
I
am unfit for a job that




a




uh,
s reduction off my value in what these kids did with their project.
Twenty-one and, um, 50 years ago, this war利
命
We're doctors.
We're doctors.
And slack.
We're doctors for Bob.
We're doctors.
We're doctors.
We're doctors.
We're doctors.










Bob needs a blowjob real bad to be resurrected from a man.
It has to be from a man.
It's not the sexual thing.
It's a ritualistic doctrine.
He did that with all of them.
Yeah, it's like balls touching.
It's not Gabe.
It's Bob.
Short rant.
Short rant.
Anyways, some people have been touching on this subject
a little bit.
Tonight.
But there have been, there just has been too much division in this church lately.
Why the fuck can't everybody just get along?
We're all a bunch of fucking kooks and weirdos anyways.
Why can't we all just recognize that?
Recognize all of our differences.
Celebrate them instead of turning our hate to each other.
Instead of the fucking pinks and the normals.
Because they're the ones that deserve our hate.
Am I right?
Pardon?
We can't be allowed to just get along!
See, there you go again.
You're causing division right now.
We're all banned.
We've all banned ourselves.
Through various things.
But we're still here but we're banned.
So what you're saying, Dillis, is basically that there's so much division in this church
so you're gonna tell them to fuck off so they'll be united against you?
Exactly.
Okay, I just wanted to make sure we're on the same page.
Okay.
I wasn't really going there but it works for me.
Okay, I'm glad.
Okay.
I'm glad that works for you.
Because everything works.
Eventually.
Eventually.
Yes.
I don't know what the hell I'm doing now.
Well, you know, there's a difference.
Okay, so let's get this straight.
I'm gonna go through this really quick because I'm gonna summarize what we've heard on the stage so far.
I got it.
Go on.
Okay.
So.
Here's the contrary point.
We have Bishop Stick who would like us all to get along and stop fucking each other over.
On the other hand, we have Gordon who wants us to hate everyone!
There is a common ground here and it's not so much a touchy-feely, lovey, squeezy,
hearts and teddy bears, my little pony world.
The truth is is that they are both right.
Gordon is exactly right.
You do need to hate more.
You need to hate.
The key is, brothers and sisters, is who you hate!
You and you and you and you and all of us have one thing in common.
We are subjugated!
We are subgeniuses!
And we are better!
Now, we are subgeniuses, we are better, we must have slack.
And we must not steal slack from other people.
And we are missing, sorely as Gordon pointed out, on one key principle.
I do not see enough hate!
And you may say, Priestess Pisces, you always seemed so sweetness and light.
That may be true, because you were my kind.
For now.
The truth of the matter is, is that we need more hate!
We need that hate!
So, I am going to lead you and rally you into a chant, hopefully, if you're not too fucking drunk.
So here we go!
I will start, and you will follow, unless you're too mentally retarded to do so.
Fuck the conspiracy!
Oh, come on, gruesome balls!
Fuck the conspiracy!
Fuck the conspiracy!
Fuck the conspiracy!
Kill the pigs!
Kill the pigs!
Fuck the conspiracy!
Fuck the conspiracy!
Kill the pigs!
Kill the pigs!
Kill the pigs!
You're already confused!
This isn't that hard!
The world is about to end, brothers and sisters!
The world is about to end, and you are not prepared!
You are not prepared to have your hand on the trigger!
You are not ready to be the one to press that candy red button and watch them burn!
Are you too nice?
Are you too pussy to be the yeti, the uberman, the uberfem that you are?
Are you afraid to be the one to press that button?
Tell me, brothers and sisters!
Will you be manning the guns?
Or covering your ass?
Will you be blowing shit up?
Or blowing it off?
Will you be sucking up slack?
Or will you be sucking the cock of the conspiracy?
So before I turn it over to these wonderful musicians,
we're gonna do this one more time,
because I trust that there's still enough hate out there.
Remember, we have to.
We have to.
To keep doing this.
Ready?
Fuck the conspiracy!
Kill the pinks!
One more time!
Fuck the conspiracy!
Kill the pinks!
Thank you very much.
From PR News in Washington, I'm planning on fleeing to avoid prosecution.
President Obama goes on the attack against the state of Ohio.
He warned voters,
I don't need more workers and consumers and families.
So we don't need more insurance companies or oil companies.
We've tried it. It did not work.
President Obama continues to argue that President Obama's policies should have revved up PR's reports.
Quote,
What the meth wrote to once and last for the fight there without these fucking weenies.
Unquote.
Cambodian health officials are trying to find out the cause of a PR that has neurological symptoms.
After officials said, this is PR.
Thanks to Lee Murr for the new PR news.
On the jams we're playing tonight,
it was Bishop Stick on bass,
Reverend Suds Pasha on guitar,
Reverend Angry Larry on drums,
and Priestess Pisces making up vocals as she went along.
In fact, all of the music on these jam sessions is entirely improvised.
And Suds and Pisces had just been married to each other a few hours earlier.
Oh, and the guy ranting before Pisces led the hate chant was Reverend Dee Lister.
But for now, we'll go back in time just a few days to July 1st radio synesthesia
from WCSB Cleveland with Dr. Howe, Lonesome Cowboy Dave,
Dr. Zeronius on a very strange phone,
and host Dr. Sinister looking forward to the rupture.
We should be able to watch, say, for instance, the world ending in Australia on our TVs in Ohio.
By the same token, Zeronius and Todry in Portland would be able to watch
New York burn, for instance.
Right. And Ohio, of course.
Yeah, before it gets to them.
It's the party of the millennium.
And by the way, New York will burn.
It'll burn, friends, it'll burn!
Well, there's a show, right?
It will be purified.
It will be cleansed with the flay.
They're individually-discrafted, but they dock in the middle.
And they're parked in the same bay.
And the blood of the non-believers will flow with the blood of the non-believers.
Yeah, and when she wouldn't look,
that's not the entire freeway through Kansas onto her spacecraft.
Are we still there, Dr. Zeronius?
I wouldn't want her to miss out on that.
You can't hear me, can you?
I can hear you fine.
You're breaking up a little bit.
Todry is going to import the highway that runs through Kansas onto her escape.
Right.
I'm not going to get onto hers when she wasn't looking.
Oh, you were going to trick her.
Yeah.
So, yeah, I wouldn't want her to miss out on that.
That's like, that's like mine.
Are you going to have to put her in a cage or something?
That highway through Kansas is the Twilight Zone of legend.
Well, also, I just thought that Doc Zeronius was Dave.
I'm, I'm, I'm...
What a peculiar apprehension.
I'm all confused.
Here, take his dress pin.
Perfectly ignored.
Perfectly ignored.
Normal reaction.
Nothing to be afraid of.
Unless you have a history of this in your family.
So they do have...
We do have individuated spacecraft, but they docked the setter.
Well, now I've heard this claim many times before, but what if you got to back it up?
Yeah, I don't know what that type.
I'll sit down and relax.
There's a long-distance document.
David Byrne, of course.
And, of course, nothing to prove.
Got the fax machine on here.
You know the number.
We'll take a look at this.
The hard part of all that is that it always requires proof, and then there we go again.
I know.
It's proof, and it's very, very difficult to maintain.
What is it?
And that's not really your problem anyway.
It's not?
I think it's everyone's problem, senor.
Now let's calm ourselves.
I'm sure we can all come to some form of...
It's weird.
We don't have a microphone.
We don't have a microphone.
No problem.
We're getting a weird sound effect, Dr. Zeronius.
It sounds sort of like your compositions, in fact.
It sounds like it's phasing in and out of dimensions.
Messing with the microphone.
Is he doing that?
It's not on purpose this time.
It's not on purpose this time.
It's probably my attitude, and I didn't get much sleep tonight either.
And I'm using the Google instead of a phone phone.
Yeah, you do start...
You start blinking out of existence.
He's using a glue gun instead of a phone.
Or a glue-on gun.
I see.
Well, that's not everybody can...
Well, and every time lightning strikes between here and Portland, it breaks a...
It puts a hole in his sound.
All right.
We have three cats on the line at any given time, too.
There's a dead cat on the line.
Did you hear about the artificial brain that was made that immediately went and started
looking at cat videos?
Looking at what?
Brain.
They made an artificial intelligence and connected it to the internet, and it immediately
went to start looking at cat videos.
Kitty cat videos?
Yes.
It had a thing for felines?
Yes, the kitty porn.
For feline Americans.
Is that true?
Yes, cute kitty porn videos.
I can't pass pornography.
You know, America's appetite for this type of material is no longer...
Oh, man.
It's never been greater.
Everyone wants cute kitty antics to divert from the political spectacle.
Well, how is that much different from us liking dinosaurs?
You know, some people like kitty cats, simple, shallow people like kitty cats.
Heavy thinkers like to think about heavier animals, the blue whale.
Elephants.
Yeah, elephants, mammoths.
The great white.
That's irrelevant.
The great white.
Argentinosauruses.
Yes, the Argentinosaurus is the most interesting.
I get off thinking about very, very light animals.
Jellyfish.
Like polar bears wearing a bikini or something like that, or maybe a straight line shoe.
Or naked amoebas.
How about naked amoebas?
Now, that calls for some focus.
Did you know that...
I've seen a few videos of people who are not wearing a bikini.

They're wearing, they're wearing, they're wearing with those pie remains and much the same
way the gluons do when they forget to stick.
Is that a pseudo powder.
You're just have to see me.
I mean, whenever you look at something that's small, you're putting energy into that small
area and causing it to change.
Haven't you ever heard of what's his name?
Schrodinger.
Oh, yeah.
What's his name?
Schrodinger.
He had a cat too.
Oh, boy that kid.
.
He has two cats.
He has dead cat.
I can have dead cat and live cat.
Hmm.
Cats may not be very large, but they're very dense and...
see this one. You can
throw them very far.
I watched a cat
with milquetoast
exploring the top of a
transformer on top of a
power pole one time.
Just as we were about to say,
oh, how cute, it exploded.
It's a dead cat
on the line.
If your child
doesn't look like your child,
then there is a dead cat
on the line.
That's exactly what happened.
We couldn't find the evidence that it even
happened when we went to go look for
fur and stuff.
Nothing remained
as evidence that it
even happened. All our friends
were looking the other way.
That must have been its ninth life.
Otherwise, we would have found
another cat.
It was very
correctly. It was right as I said, oh, how
cute, I hope it doesn't
boom.
Yes.
Wow.
It was that was something else.
All right. So you guys remember
a little while ago when I told you I wasn't
going to do anything horrible to you tonight?
Well, I didn't
lie. I had a few more beers
and then I decided I was going to torture you all.
So I hope you're ready for the horror
because this is the worst piece of shit
I've ever read.
As long as it's
bloody and crap.
So, yeah, I'm going to read this horrible
piece of shit.
It was originally written by
Shel Silverstein.
And I got really bored one night.
So here it goes.
If you make it through this,
by the way, you get a window seat on the saucers.
Okay.
A long time ago when the earth was
green and there was more kinds of
subgeni than you've ever seen
and they run around free while
slack was still adorned.
They all rode around on magical
unicorns.
There was toothless teeters and random hippies.
There was phylos and nenslos and stangs and wees.
There was cats and rats and face fucking bats.
But as sure as you were born,
the slackest of all was the unicorn.
But Bob seen some conspiracy pink type of sin in
and it caused him to sigh.
He said, stand back.
I'm going to sell some stuff.
But first I must create a television of my own design.
He says,
I hear you Jehovah one.
What you're going to do?
I'm going to blow.
I'm going to blow up all the pinks of the earth.
But before I do collect a small fee and I will send
pleasure saucers for you.
The Yetis and unicorns too.
You must take two blow up dolls and a lot of anal ease.
But no matter what you do,
Bob, do not forget the phylos and nenslos and stangs and wees.
Take two ended dildos and all kinds of space porn.
But as sure as you're the milk man's illegitimate firstborn,
if you mess this up,
Bob, you won't get any more damn unicorns.
Now Bob was there.
He answered the Colin.
He's sold everyone eternal salvation.
All of a sudden with a firm Uber femme tone,
Connie shouted,
it's almost 7am the sky is going to start falling.
He marched in the subgenie two by two and he called out as they went to bed.

through. Hey, Jehovah One, I got your toothless teeters and random hippies, phylos and nenslos
and stangs and wheeze. I got your cats and rats and face-fucking-bats. Got your two blow-up dolls
and a lot of analese. I even got your two-ended dildos and all kinds of space porn. But my new
pleasure saucer overlord, I'm so forlorn cause I just don't see no unicorn.
Old Bob looked out through the frop-induced haze, but the unicorns were hiding and playing
silly games. They were kicking and splashing, enjoying the first buzz of the morn. Oh, them
silly unicorn. Then the legumes started preaching and the stangs started stanging. The two beans
started trolling and the earth started shaking. The big-breasted goddesses started squeaking and
yeti started roaring. And everyone's aboard,
but the unicorn. I mean the suds for Shaw and the priestess Pisces, the sternos and Papa Joes,
and a full fleet of extremely dumb-ass Bobbies. Bob cried, close the door, the clock is a-ticking.
It's almost 7.01 and we just can't wait for them unicorn. Then the saucers started moving and it
drifted towards the skies. And the unicorns looked up from the rock and cried.
And the earth started burning as we floated away. And from that moment on, unicorns were
eternally banned from X-Day. Praise Bob.
And the other rangers.
So
that was Reverend Pock.
Thank you.
And now and forever back to 50 Next Day Drill and the improv jams from July 4th with the band we like to call
Several Fisted Tales of Connie and a Pisces song about pink girls.
Jenny said that I don't particularly like those types of girls.
And that's Mary must be on here when she affectionately does .


And Jenny applied to the Marshall High School and fainted.
And Jenny said that she thought that going to the mall was fabulous.
And Jenny said that she felt that boy should be nicer to her, gives her strength.
That she was definitely going to the nightclub.
But you don't have to
to me, you know?
I just wish you were
a little more pretty.
A little more
skinny.
Have you tried
the new Cover
Girl Foundation?
I hear there's a
sale on at the Gap.
Betty can't understand why I don't give a
flying fuck about
that.
Nothing worse in this world
than a paint girl.
Nothing worse in this world
than a paint
girl.
Debbie said to me,
she said, I don't want you
talking to
her. And Debbie
said to me, I don't think I like
the cut of your jib.
And Debbie said to me,
I'm going to have to go to the
church. I'm going to kick your ass if you start
shit with me.
But that's
not what Debbie did.
And then Jessica said, you know,
I don't, why do
people get tattoos?
And then Jessica said to me,
why don't you go to church like everyone
else does on Sunday?
But I don't.
And neither do you.
And boys, I've got a message for you.
You've got a choice in this world,
boys, and I know there's not a lot
of us superfims around, but
if these
paint girls bug me,
even half as much as they
bug you, they're not
worth the time.
Do not
put
your
wang in pink snatch.
Fuck the paint girls.
And fuck the pink boys.
They're nothing more than conspiracy toys.
So don't
even think about


jerks




huefuch
por
the
believe
that
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
I miss everybody.
Me and Reverend Lucy Van Pelt, we miss everybody.
We missed it last year, but we're here this year.
And it's great to be able to tell people that we come on out to, like, a family reunion of, like, 150, 200 people.
So it's awesome.
Thank you.
All right, everybody.
This has been awesome.
We are the Mutant Mount Boys.
We've got one more soon for you today.
This is a praise to Bob's song, and it's also another praise to Devo, the De-Evolutionary Band.
May your records be unbroken.
Bye, bye, bye, bye.
Bye, bye, bye, bye.
There's a vine of heaven waiting in the sky.
Bob in the sky.
Well, I played the beast in BP.
One bright and sunny day.
When I finished listening to it, I put on some Q&A.
My turntable started jumping.
What it did, I know not how.
Oh, yeah, Bob knows how I cried.
Oh, when it scratched my...
You can sing it.
May your records be unbroken.
Bye, bye, bye, bye.
Bye, bye, bye, bye.
There's a vine of heaven waiting in the sky.
Bob in the sky.
Well, I bought a second coffee.
Listen through red eye express
When my girlfriend came on to me
She started taking off her dress
Oh yes, with come hither
I she called me
In a sweet and sultry voice
I just told her
Gotta wait now, girl
I'm listening to freedom of choice
Come on, may your records
Be unbroken
By and by, by, by and by
There's a bottle
Never wears it
And I scared
And I scared
By and by, by and by
The sky
The sky
Well, I know I've been a sinner
Gave my life that evil twist
Gotta say I ain't no criminal
I'm a Christian child, cause I'm a new traditionalist.
When I hear that truth evolving, oh no, I never stop.
Cause my heart is never gladder than when I shout that name above.
Cause may your records be unbroken by and by, by and by.
There's a vital heaven waiting in the sky, in the sky.
Now I know I ain't no youngin'.
One day I'm gonna be old.
Got that total evil feelin'.
And now it can't be told.
But I got my high five, got my jukebox.
Got my albums in my lap.
Should I ever lose my way now, Bobby?
Well, I got smooth noodle maps.
Oh, hey, may your records be unbroken by and by, by and by.
There's a vital heaven waiting in the sky, in the sky.
One more time.
May your records be unbroken by and by, by and by.
Cause there's something for everybody in the sky.
Bobby.
Bobby.
Bobby.
Bobby.




Yeah.
Yeah.
All right.
Peace.
Peace.
Friends, when was the last time we had for real gospel music here?
I don't remember.

It was on the new year's day.

I want to ask you.
Well, last night.
No, no, I, I.
If we might have had some but I don't remember.
That was a spirit filled, holy ghost pipe smoking, hymn singing, B-vival if you ask
me.
I'd say that's your 35 bucks worth right there.
We can all go home now.
Bye.
Friends, stick around because it gets $1,000 worth of music.







We're going to the next.
A billion times worse.
Which is easily said because they're pretty good.
Now there's a lot of questions about the schedule.
The most common one, I have to admit, was what's the supri- special surprise guest.
Hey, welcome to the story.
Good to be here with all y'all tonight.
Good to see you.











This is fine.
Gone to paradise on that bright of a side July day
When those soldiers' flags don't get in my way
Regrets I never knew
But by the celling
I am mine
I do what I want to do
And I won't be stopped by dying
I walked the crooked road
And now I've taken to the skyway
And more, much more than this
I did it my way
Yes, there were times
I blew my loose
Here in this church
With ill repute
But through it all
When the pigs were down
I chewed them up
And crapped them out
I faced them all
With iron balls
And did it my way
They'll beg me for their lives
And I will say
Not in a shy way
There's no mercy in me
I'm gonna do
What I do my way
I gave my cash to Bob
I paid my time
I paid my ticket
I'll ask that those pink sloths
Make it a limit
For what is a man
What has he got
If not his sleigh?
Then he'll be sure to say
I'm disappears
And sorry to say
So I'm leaving
Hope you listened
If you play along
Annoyed
But when you won't


Your mind


I paid my dough, I paid my dough, and it is my way.
Elvis has left the building.
Sire, there is no more money.
We gotta get some money.
That dirty, perky, shark-a-pack, black-a-wattin',
fill-a-buck-a-burton, perkaluma-burton,
dirtin' buster-knife.
Friends, we're glad you listened to this show,
and we're even more glad that some listeners have donated enough
to help us keep on going for another couple of weeks.
Not just this show, but subgenius.com and all the other archive sites.
But if you truly love Bob,
and want some of that slack back to rebound to you,
you should go to subgenius.com front page,
or especially the radio page,
or the catalog store pages,
and help out financially as best you can.
Now, we know what it's like to be on the brink of total poverty,
and we don't want any subgeniuses
to make us feel like we're the only ones who can help.
We want to make our own situations worse.
But some of you still have jobs.
Even five bucks makes a big difference,
even if it's only once a month from enough of you.
Fifty bucks makes an even bigger difference.
All we're saying is that
blowjobs could go the way of stevejobs
if you don't pay dogs.
We also take checks and money orders to
subgeniusfoundation.com
and we'll be back with more of the best of the best.


P.O. Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118
Thanks for anything you can do to help let there be slack.
You ain't got no money to take your broke ass home
You ain't got no money to take your broke ass home
You ain't got no money to take your broke ass home
You ain't got no money to take your broke ass home
Sex, money, Bob!
Duplimental Hypno Corporation
Sex, money, Bob!
Free pills!
Sex, money, Bob!
Free pills!
Sex, money, Bob!
Free pills!
Sex, money, Bob!
Kill me!
Sex, money, Bob!
