The Self-Genius Power of Splat
Nothing is real
Before we do anything else, first, a song by Reverend Dr. Morgan Gutentag.
This is not a religion.
This is not a religion.
This is a fun-time joke.
Please don't turn this into something serious.
Again, this is not a religion.
Again, this is not a religion.
Start your own religion.
You can make it whatever you want.
But this is not a religion.
Please don't ruin this for me.
This is not a religion.

Sure, there are some great takeaways that you can add to your own worldview.
But this is not a religion.
This is not a religion.
This is not a religion.

This is not a religion.
This is not a religion.
A timely song by Morgan Gutentag.
Though I think I may have written the main lyric recently.
Princess, we and I have realized that it is our duty to do what we love.




that we're going to be in Texas for so much longer that I'm going to run out of reruns and we have to
do an hour of slack live from Stang Ranch. And I don't know if this will be the first part of that.
I guess so. There's other ones that sound like a better first part and maybe we should cut to those.
Demmit, what's going on there boy? Must not be too bad because he came back. I hope he didn't get bitten.
Scares me now all the time. Well the other dog, I could hear the other dogs down the hill barking, the sheep dogs.
Did you hear them? Yes, now I do.
I think this is just a dog.
It's just something they do every day.
Hi Ralph. Hi Ed.
Hi Ralph. See ya Ed.
What he said at hour of slack live from Stang Ranch.
Oh boy. He said his piece.
Well we found another skeleton.
Princess Wee and I were interrupted in an
archaeological discovery. This is the fourth well-preserved skeleton we found out here.
We found skulls. There's a cyclops skull real close to the house that's amazing.
But there's nothing else to go with it. It's so huge.
There's a devil skeleton up by where the gate's down and over near the...
the concourse there's an alien skeleton, a grey.
And there's a... where is that cave subgenius?
He's right up here too in the same area.
We found a...
I guess another cave subgenius.
It's got a... it doesn't have a complete pipe but it has a partial pipe.
So for all we know it could be a cigar making this a cave rich guy.
But so we don't know if this is a cave subgenius,
cave rich guy, why not both? His heart strangely
enough has also been fossilized. That is definitely a heart.
And he's bandy-legged as all
of these prehistoric fellows are. In short,
they're probably not more than about four feet tall.
Like Lucy, the famous Australopithecus. And these I would say
date...
The alien may be more recent.
The devil is
probably from the Cretaceous.
I think that
that was the devil skeleton
is the fossil of something that
tormented dinosaurs.
The cave subgenius, well
they're not really that different
from those of today.
It's probably not that old.
Not more than
well, pre-Neanderthal
but post-Australopithecus.
Now technically
this could be
what we called Homo connectus
which was the very earliest
devolved
primate. Well not
devolved, it was a natural primate
that was force evolved
by the Exists
into the mighty
Yeti.
So this may be...
We may have two Homo connectuses. You know that
never occurred to me. The only way
to tell would be carbon dating
because these, as far as I know, would be the
only two skeletons discovered.
Judging by the proximal
difference between the
junk, the bones of the junk
and the skull, I would
say this is a
Yeti. The junk bone?
A Yeti?
Well it would be an infant.
It would be like that Cyclops skull
we found. Yes, an infant Utensin.
We thought it was so huge and then we realized
oh my god, this is a fetus.
This is a fetus Cyclops skull.
It was like the size of an elephant.
Elephant skulls used to be
mistaken for Cyclops skulls.
Or Mastodon skulls.
You know, that kind of thing.
Okay, well,
we need to photograph it
with the rulers and all that stuff
and notify Dr. Baugh
over at the Creationist Museum that we've got
another million dollar specimen for him.
We are going to either open our own
roadside attraction
and put that guy out of business
with his Creationist Museum
down the road, or
we'll make a million dollars per
skeleton when he buys them from us.
Or kill me.
Don't say that. This is
Texas, man. Oh, that's right.
Yeah.
We take that serious around here.
Oh, I have to get out of this sun.
Well, I'd hate to let you down, partner.
I was going to say something bad about you, but
I couldn't think of anything.
So I wasn't going to outright kill you
until you invited me to and I'd hate
to turn down an invitation.
Hmm.
Damn. We did it.
The Homo Connectus.
The prehistoric
Ur-Proto
subgenius.
Wow.
It's quite exciting.
Hmm.
Oh, the camera. The pictures. That's right.
I was getting kind of turned on.
Do you think this was a female?
It doesn't have the peen bun like the other one.
The other one had a very distinct
little peen bun. This one has
ear bones, which we've never
seen before in any of the
fossil skeletons here.
I'd say it's a good guess it's a female.
It does have the wider
pelvis. Hmm.
And the more intelligent
look to its skull.
A little bit less
brutish. Yes.
It's not as large, but
and it
doesn't have that
gigantic
spike coming out of its
knees that the males
have for some sort of ritual
display. It couldn't have been comfortable.
No.
Where you find one long bone,
you're gonna find there's gotta be a mommy
and daddy long bone and probably
baby long bones. You were right.
And sure enough,
we found a mommy and a daddy Homo
Connectus.
Unless these are
skeletons of fetuses.
It's like that humongous cyclops skull.
Hmm.
The sun has been kind
to her fossilized bones
and given her that kind of rosy
hue on the edges
of her cheeks. It's quite
flattering.
Yeah, it's hard to spot
these skeletons amidst this
rocky terrain, but
the trained
eye can
ferret out what is
bone and what's just a
you know, interestingly
eroded rock.
Well, okay.
Skip to work.
Excavating.
Tape your stomachs in.
God, you can't
see.
See, Dristan tablets shrink swollen,
congested nasal and sinus passages.
It was caused by public life.
I have always tried
to do what was best for the nation.
But the interests of the nation must
always come before any personal
considerations. Therefore,
I shall resign
the presidency effective at noon
tonight.
Vice President Ford
will be sworn in as president
of that office.
END OF ORDER
Fair share of photos
of some people
staring at them


die
z av
Euros

Cause precious and few are the moments we two can share
Baby, it's you on my mind
Your love is so rare
Being with you is a feeling I just can't compare
If I can't hold you in my arms
Can't hold you
Oh, it just wouldn't be fair
Wouldn't be fair
If precious and few are the moments we two can share
And if I can't find my way back home
Can't find my way
Oh, it just wouldn't be fair
Wouldn't be fair
Cause precious and few are the moments we two can share
Precious and few are the moments we two can share
Precious and few are the moments we two can share
Oh, oh, oh
Quiet and blue like the sky, I'm hung over you
And if I can't find my way back home, my pretty baby
We're taking a little break right now, let me come back
Oh, that just wouldn't be fair
Wouldn't be fair
And it's precious if you are the moments we two can share
Precious if you are the moments we two can share
That lovely cover was by the Rudy Schwartz Project
from the brand new album called Sunshine Supers
Here's to you, Rudy!
I think that's how you pronounce it
It's kind of weird because Supers Hits is spelled as one word
Okay, back to our location recordings
Okay, we're driving down the driveway
of the 9th Megafist Temple Lodge
of the Church of the Subgenius
the Texas Lodge
and the driveway we measured
is one half a mile long
However, it is made of dirt and gravel
It's not lined with statues of famous subgeniuses yet
and it doesn't have a Bob Colossus
straddling the gate
where you turn off the highway yet
We don't even have the life-size
blue concrete gorilla yet
But we know that the Subgenius is a great idea for us to see
We know where to get it
We may have to start with the midget Yeti of concrete
Oh, the Yeti
We know where to get that
They're only about a hundred bucks
Wonderful Yeti sculpture
Yeah, but we'd have to drive to Waco for that
That's true
So here on Stang Ranch
it has rained
which is a really unusual thing
It has rained mightily!
Yeah, and it looks like Cleveland
because the sky is all gray and it's drizzly
But we're going into town to go to the post office
visit our post office buddies
and they drop off the hour of slack
discs that are mailed to stations
and individual subscribers
Good Lord, what's normally a desert is a swamp
We're passing a wetland that's like
yeah, it's worse than a marsh
It doesn't have anywhere to go
as it was pointed out to us
It's rock right underneath the soil
and it's been dry for so long
Yep, this is a ranch
a working ranch where my brother raises goats
and rocks
Well, the rocks just grow
and cactus
But boy, if you like rocks
this is a great place to be
And birds!
Yeah, actually it's very birdy
We were recently a little disappointed to realize
that what we had been thinking of as noble hawks
were in fact ignoble buzzards
of turkey vultures
Vultures!
But they look beautiful soaring up in the sky
and they're always there
Jays!
Were you going to point out my sister's gnomes?
Uh, Jays! There are gnomes
in the sister yard
Gnomes
Gnome saying?
You know what you're saying
Yeah, we're just now getting to the end of the gate
Luckily it's not flooded
But there may be foam
And we're running into town also
not just to send hours of slack out
and membership packs and things
but to look at the river
In fact, that's where we ought to go first
is just go straight to the
to Big Rocks Park
Big Rocks Park in town is a beautiful park
But guess what?
We just discovered
about five days ago
that we have on Stang property
an equivalent hidden secret park
The Little Big Rocks Secret National Park
I think that pickup truck is still humping that old Corvette
It's the funniest thing
It's like an auto parts place
By the road, as an attention getter
they have a pickup monster truck
crushing the front of a
I'll call it a Corvette
A small white car
Yeah
Probably the car was already crushed
and the monster truck is blameless
But it looks like it's kind of mounting
the smaller car
It does
We're not that far from town
Once you get off of the driveway
one starts seeing businesses
and little houses of our subjects
These are where our subjects live
We live in the big house up on the hill
and all the townsfolk and the peasants
live down here
We, unlike many of us
many of our peers
of whom there are none
don't send servants to do our shopping
We actually go to the grocery stores
along with the regular humans
and we buy our own groceries there
among the hoi polloi
This little quote city unquote
is made of local stone mostly
It has a classic little Texas
and a county courthouse
A lot of the buildings are made of petrified wood
and they're very westerny looking
You know, they're really going for that general
western look that the town inherited
because, well, it is the west
It's west of Fort Worth
and Fort Worth is where the west begins
So this is pretty darn western
I mean, rattlesnake roundups, come on
We don't have those in Cleveland
Although I suppose we could have small
water moccasin roundups
Cottonmouth roundups
Probably don't have quite as many people up north
that hunt snakes as they do around here
I wouldn't be so sure
Out in rural Ohio is not that different from rural Texas
Except where there's Amish
I don't think we have nearly as many Amish
We have our own strange
version
Yeah
Texan version
Yeah
I can't remember their names right now
Sub-something
Sub-Mentat
Mennonite
Yeah, Mennonites, that's it
The Sub-Mennonites
They worship somebody named Smith
Joe Smith
No, that's the Mormons
The Mennonites just worship Jehovah One
Sub-Mennonites worship Jehovah One
But they're really fundamentalists
They don't think you should smoke a pipe
unless you're Bob
And you shouldn't get a haircut unless you're Bob
You shouldn't wear clothing unless you're Bob
So the Sub-Mennonite sect is
They pretty much have to stay in the woods
all the time
They're super fundamentalists
They want to be like yetis
and succeed somewhat
You know, they want to be closer to the yeti
and they send their women out into the woods
hopefully to be seduced by yetis
or vice versa, really
What the heck would a yeti want to have to do with a
horrible, hairless, humanoid woman sub-thing
Right
True
So, that usually doesn't work
but the rest of us sub-geniuses
have to admire the fact that they're not
They're tenacious stubbornness
and clinging to the old ways
The old ways are best, they say
Mm-hmm
Yeah, they're against technology
and they only use really old classic Macs
from 1984
and dial-up modems
They insist
I know it's funny, but they
You know, to them, that's the way
They're going to be around after the zombie apocalypse
You know, they're going to be ready
Readier than anybody else
the sub-Mennonites
Sub-men, they call them
Sub-men
Yeah, everybody around Walnut Springs
where the sub-Mennonites live
I see
Remember my brother said that life is cheap in Walnut Springs
Yes
Like in other horrible places
like Detroit and Chicago
He kindly left out Cleveland
because, you know, they wake up in the morning
and they look around at their town, Walnut Springs
and they go, well, I might as well be dead
This would be just the same
Probably be an improvement on being alive
in this piece of crap town
Since that rich man up on the hill
Bobby Hill owns everything
If only somebody would rise up against Bobby Hill
If only some slightly less rich, rich man
It would be best if it was a sub-Mennonite like me
but maybe even a sellout sub-genius is
maybe one of them could do it
They got money
Well, they got more money than me anyway
They'd go after that Bobby Hill
If the sub-Mennonites could command Bobby Hill's land
we'd control the corridor between
Texas State Highway 144 and 67
We'd be like gods, warriors
Warrior-God kings in the zombie apocalypse
Yeah, that's something to think about
Something to think about indeed
Yep
The rich man just admitted his sin
He said, yeah, два smoke
Let's end this
The poor old man said, yeah, well, who's 본

But in reality there's nothing more
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.

Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Another amazing original brand new tune from the Psychoskeletons, which one subgenius band, can be found on
ThePsychoskeletons.com
But meanwhile, we will continue as if we know what we're doing, making a radio show in the middle of a forest.
Which we are in, even though our house is just a few hundred yards behind us, you can't see it.
And we could keep walking for a long way in this forest.
Princess Wee was a little nervous about coming down in here today because on Easter Eve, when we were starting to hide eggs at night, just helping the Easter Bunny, you understand, when the kids went to bed, the grandkids, we found a snake in the yard.
Actually, damn it, Pappy's old hound dog found that snake and probably saved our fool lives.
Because it was a copperhead.
Very, very deadly poisonous monster.
And I, being the man of the house, hey, this isn't our trail.
No.
We're following dammit.
We're just wandering, following dammit.
Well, that's okay.
It doesn't matter.
We'll come to one of the obvious trails soon enough.
But we do have to watch out for snakes.
We did learn that that's, I've never seen one in all the years I've been coming out here.
But once I saw that thing, I realized I was going to have to put my expertise, learning, and my skills, into this.

And I learned from the video game called Monster Hunter into play.
And I did.
I beat him to death with a shovel and then chopped his head off with a machete.
Neither of which was in any way easy or fun.
You gotta do that head kill.
God, he's still moving.
He is.
Okay, I think he is officially in pieces.
Damn.
That's a brand new machete.
He's dead.
Oh, he's dead.
No, his head's moving.
Yeah, I saw his tongue coming out.
He just lifted his head out.
Now you can really chop it.
This is so gross.
Jesus Christ!
It's still attached.
He's been totally smashed.
Oh, God.
It was really gross.
And I wouldn't have done it except that that's what you do with venomous snakes in your yard.
When you're going to have an egg hunt.
Especially when you're going to have an egg hunt.
And especially when you yourself are wanting to go around there at night.
Anyway, that was another welcome to Texas moment, as was, I think on the same day, Princess Wee fired a handgun for the first time and discovered that it was kind of fun.
I didn't like finding that out, but I did find that out.
Hey, that shell hit my belly button.
I was going for the heart that time.
He's still coming.
That's kind of addictive.
I can see why people like doing that.
Sort of addictive.
Yeah.
So we're going to learn.
I'm going to relearn my gun safety and she'll learn gun safety for the first time.
My brother is the best possible teacher.
He's stillского by basta.

Oh, wow.
I love this teamunion.

Well, thanks for being here.

We'll see you next time.

I pretty much definitely.


You.
I gotta go drive Ric.

Jimmy Ryan did that and all the music in the background for these credits.
We've played music by the Flyin' Ryan Brothers for years on this show, and we will again.
But that was Jimmy Ryan's solo on the first of 37 instrumental needle drops, if you will, that he sent us for free.
Although if I understand right, anybody can lease this music for industrial or commercial uses.
Smart.
But now, a dialogue with a billy goat.
That little waggy tail.
You butted my knee, goat.
That's why you're in that cage, buddy.
Big fish.
Wish I could scratch my groin with the end of my horn.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Baa.
What's that goat? That goat has a name. I can't remember it.
Baa.
I can't tell if it's a goat or you, by the way.
He's wondering if he can eat that recorder.
I'm sure he could.
Goats eat anything. They eat cans.
Oh, it's all frisky now.
Baa.
Baa.
Baa.
Baa.
So you're a goat whisperer.
Yeah. You didn't know that?
Or a goat bear.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Baa.
Louie, Louie.
Was she a girl or a goat woman?
Oh yeah.
Louie, Louie.
Are you a girl or a goat woman?
Those little pellets, when I saw them, I knew.
that my heart belonged to her.
I rode my bike past your window last night.
I roller skated to your door at daylight.
I rode my bike past your window last night.
It almost seems like you're avoiding me.
I'm okay alone, but you got something I need.
Well, I got a brand new pair of roller skates.
You got a brand new key.
I think that we should get together and try them out to see.
I've been looking around and, well, you got something for me.
Oh, I got...
You got a brand new pair of roller skates.
You got a brand new...
I ride my bike, I roller skate, don't drive no car.
Don't go too fast, but I go pretty far.
For somebody who don't drive, I've been all around the world.
Some people say I done all right for a girl.
I tell the world I gotta play drunk.
Can't stop thinking baby I can get a break.
I do know what you want, mother,
Say you gotta watch your riderети.
Make your laws, you got some rules set,
Get your car, you got no right to change.

It's right when thedogs don't like theưới
She said yes,
but you weren't alone.
Oh, sometimes
I think
that you're
You're avoiding me
I'm okay alone
But you got something I need
Well
I got a paragraph
Why do you keep calling me?
I got a question
What the fuck are you trying to do?
I got a paragraph
Why are you doing this?
I got a paragraph
Why can't you just leave me alone?
I got a paragraph
Why can't you just leave me alone?
I got a paragraph
The Rudy Schwartz Project
Brand New Key
From the new CD
called Sunshine Supers Hits. We're making our way down this rugged rocky ground. It
really is made of rocks and the rocks are made of shells, ancient shells. And
look there is our cairn that denotes I think clearing number two. So clearing
number one has two cairns and clearing number two has one cairn. Right this is
clearing number two. I can see Dammit down there. See his tail. He's already heading down to
Ali Baba's Grotto. But we don't have to go that way. I was thinking we could walk
along the cliffside slope trail. We've been naming landmarks around here just
to help us be able to tell each other where we're going to meet up or go. Some
landmarks are humble like the Rusty Can and the Second Rusty Can.
Other ones are spectacular like the hay barn which is kind of old and spooky
looking is now called Frankenstein's Hay Barn. And since it's it leads to the
forest of the werewolves then it kind of makes sense to make our house Dracula's
castle. Yes it does. Just as an example and that's been really fun. This end of
the property this big hill that my dad and mom's house
is on is called Dockstock Mountain. My sister's clan has the other third for
building houses and and the Stang clan. You Stang clan got against the Dockstock
Mountain area. Although we all share. And the secret National Park isn't in
anyone's area but we can't tell you about that. It's a secret. Oh it would make
everybody too jealous. Seriously. Well I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure.
Well we tell a secret it's no longer a secret. So right. So yeah yeah the Church
of the Subgenius has decided to reassign me the sacred scribe to Texas for half
the year. That's become official. And so this we got to get used to doing hours of
slack from here. I don't have the radio stations mix board. In fact I didn't
bring my radio Shack mix board from home. But I never used that anyway. What the
heck. Praise Bob. Praise Bob. But don't we have something better to do than
introduce this hour of slack. Well I can't share. I did want to describe to the
listeners the beautiful ground. It is not all rocks. Some of the ground is brown. A
soft soft brown that is all the cedar needles that have dropped and made a
carpet of dark brown. Then studying the dark brown our little
white snail shells scattered everywhere. They sort of look like pearls until you
get closer and you see the spiral in them that makes them a snail shell. And
then about the same size are also blue juniper berries from the trees. So that is
the carpeting that this princess gets to walk on when it's not rocks. And plus the
lichen. Oh yes. The multicolored lichen that covers both the rocks and the sparse soil
and the trunks of the...
incredibly numerous cedar trees. Which as invasive as they are they make this place
really look beautiful. Whether they are dead or alive. And they make it smell good too.
Hey is that a dead lizard or a live one? He's pretending. He's a live lizard. I never would
have spotted him in a million years. He's the exact same color as the rock. Kind of
a light brownish whitish grayish with spots.
And if I was 12 years old I'd know exactly what that guy is. Boy he sure is
cute whatever he is. Well yeah. He's not a Gila monster so you know he's cute. We
don't have Gila monsters here. We have snakes but we're not lucky enough to
have the single known venomous lizard. Komodo dragons can poison you but that's
not with injected venom. That's because they're slobber that when they chew on
you is so horrible.
We need to get some tougher boots. Yes. Wee Ma. Yes Dee Daw. We spent the Easter weekend
with our grandchildren and my daughter and her husband. And in that world I'm Dee Daw
and she's Wee Ma. I like being a spoiled grandma princess. Well but we're still waiting on
Wee Ma Ma hand and foot. She's our Ma. That's true. She's a great grandma. So we should
put her on the show. Yes. It's always fun. She's a great grandma. She's a great grandma.

I forget she's really route. She's runt. Yeah if something else I should teachencias not
going to cut because we need time. So a 산Erl茂 mira is the groove of life.

muy levesh partir Мы assumем
Shit about a peck.
As he puckered up his little asshole.
Asshole, asshole, asshole, asshole.
As he puckered up his little asshole.
Asshole.
Asshole.
Asshole.
Asshole.
Asshole.
Asshole.
Asshole.
desert or forest or whatever this thing is so we've been living it up and we're
gonna we're gonna we have to come back to Cleveland to take care of our house
and our dental surgeries that went unfinished when we left and a few other
things but we just got to looking at the dates we've got to be back in Ohio for
x-day and Starwood but the week after Starwood what happens in Cleveland the
Republican National Convention with open carry so I'm thinking that maybe we
should go back to someplace safer immediately after Starwood someplace
much safer than Cleveland with open carry Republicans yeah with the Trump
the Trumpies and the cruisers ready to
shoot it out which God that would be great but I have a feeling rural Texas
might be a little safer I think you might be right about that Reverend
staying the least of people around here have always been carrying guns and they
don't usually go off accidentally as often with ranchers and cow pokes and
such like I don't want to step on that lizard we should get away from here
before I start wandering around more
I can't for how do we know where there's not a lizard every three feet
there probably is or a copperhead for that matter that's the whole idea still
sitting right there exactly in the same position he hasn't moved a muscle well
he's he's in the sunlight and if he does move a muscle you and me might not do
anything but that buzzard two miles away well swoop down here just like that and
snap him up like a tasty hors d'oeuvre
that's what I do there's that good dog the dog just walked up but he still
didn't budge and if even if that losers dead there's nothing we can do for him
because Bob ain't here that's right I don't have Bob's shower I'm not the
Messiah I had to explain to people this is not a religion actually it is but not
that kind
of political
Oh, man.
Okay, well, I think we should get back to what we were getting back to.
Okay, I have one more question.
Reverend Stang, how does that cactus grow out of a stone?
Oh, wait a minute.
It's growing out of another cactus that's laying on the stone.
Okay, I understand.
Thank you.
Well, and the one that's laying on the stone is probably growing out of a tiny crack in the stone.
Right.
We've come to realize that the way these plants grow is by their roots go sideways.
They can't really go down very far.
About an inch before they hit a flat rock.
But boy, do they go sideways.
And even if the wind or rain or erosion pushes a tree over, even if it's hanging off the edge of a cliff, it will continue to grow upside down.
I never saw so many upside down trees.
Well, it's because I never explored my family's property like this before.
Or as many twisty, turny, curvy trees.
Yeah, it's pretty trippy, one might almost say.
One might almost say.
There's galleries kind of buried on subgenius.com that one can find that show the pictures.
Oh, well.
Over and out.
Over and out.
Over and out.
Over and out.
Over and out.
Over and out.
Over and out.
Over and out.
Over and out.
Over and out.
Over and out.
Over and out.
Over and out.

Over and out.
Over and out.
Over and out.

Ok.




guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
Jimmy Ryan did it again from his brand new library of short instrumental needle drop type all purpose butt kick grog rock.
Testing, testing.
Microphone, microphone.
Blah, blah, blah.
Yes, we're here at Jelly Creek on Stang Ranch with my grandson.
Oh.
Yes!
I don't have a secret name for you yet.
What are you guys doing?
We're on the Hour of Slack.
What Slack?
Huh? What Slack? What kind of, what if your parents have been not teaching you?
This is the radio show, the Hour of Slack. We're on the air right now.
And these guys are just throwing rocks.
They could stand out here by the creek throwing rocks all day and all night.
Throwing rocks into the water.
Just to watch them splash.
One thing we have lots of is rocks.
Pretty soon we won't have any water left because it'll all be filled up with rocks.
Water will have to go someplace else.
This is my microphone.
Microphone.
Say hello to the Hour of Slack audience.
Hello!
There you go.
Say, praise Bob.
Praise Bob! Nice to see you!
Okay.
Yeah.
Hey guys, go, go, ya, ya, ya, ya, ya for me.
Ya, ya, ya, ya, ya, ya, ya, ya, ya, ya, ya, ya.
It's the whole family.
Let's do it together.
Yeah!
Oh, that's a weapon-looking rock.
It looks like a hatchet.
It cut through the water.
It's a dinosaur brain.
It is very neat.
It's a rock, but it's like...
It's a fossilized Tyrannosaurus brain.
This weird, convoluted-looking thing.
Hello, we are at Jelly Creek Silly.
Swimming.
Ah!
Ah!
Ow!
Whoa!
Ow!
Meow.
Meow.
Meow!
Meow.
Swish!
Oh!
Shhhhh.
Mmm.
OMG!
Mimi!
Oh, shit!
Okay, cut.
That's quite a chorus of waterfalls.
Waterfall chorus.
Okay.
It is. It's the waterfall chorus of Alibaba Grotto.
The beautiful first of the Hidden Valley Grottos.
Further downstream we come to Twin Grotto.
Then Valentine Grotto, which has a V.
One side going up to the Uber Grotto, which is...
I wouldn't say it was necessarily the most beautiful, but it's the most colorful.
With green moss.
And if you go the other way down the V from Valentine's Grotto, you get to Greater Fern Gully Grotto.
Which is a very impressive tall grotto.
The Uber Grotto is large.
Yes, it is large and it has a wonderful view down the ravine of all the grottos.
The grottos were practically forgotten.
And very hard to get to when we got here.
But now they are fully mapped.
Their GPS locations known down to about 16 square feet accuracy.
And most importantly, they're very accessible by trails.
That were carved by Princess Wee and myself.
Lopping cedar branches and mesquite branches and other tenacious...
Overabundant plants.
Branches out of the way and making trails.
So that now we can get from Pappy and Mammy's house.
Which is now our house.
Down to the Alibaba's Grotto in about five minutes with the dog.
Oh my God.
Dammit is here.
Oh my God.
He's going to stay here.
Because he's the last of the true dogs.
Except that...
A lot of ranchers, old timey ranchers around here have dogs that run loose.
He has been running loose his whole life with no collar.
He was well trained by Pappy.
But he, nonetheless, he did run loose.
And he loves running loose with impunity.
When we go out exploring, that means he has permission.
And...
He circles around us constantly.
Just within eyesight of his white tail.
He's an English Foxhound.
He's very big and skinny and friendly.
Because...
Well, they removed his testicles when he was a little fella.
Well, he's especially hungry...
Friendly when he's hungry.
Yeah.
And it's past his dinner time.
Oh, and it is. It's half an hour past dinner time.
And he's being a good boy. Not up there barking and barking at market.
Wee Mama.
He met the sheepdogs today and didn't have a fight with them.
That was a really good sign.
Yeah, he's a good dog.
There are three sheepdogs that guard my brother's goats.
Because this is actually a real ranch where goats are grown.
But mostly it's rugged.
Rocky.
Cedar covered.
Hill country territory.
And it's beautiful.
Oh, thank you, Reverend Sting.
It's much more beautiful when you can get...
When you don't have to wear a hard hat and force your way through branches.
And with my handy loppers, I, the trail master, son of Stangor, and...
And...
Pappy.
Whatever.
Have been making real life trails just like playing Minecraft only in real life.
Carving tunnels through thick and thin, mostly thin vegetation.
Because dammit shows us the ways.
Yes.
Did I see dammit gallop by?
If it wasn't dammit, then what was it?
I don't know.
Agya Scutis?
Could be.
Full of gyas scutises, I'm telling you.
This place is full of gyas scutises.
Hey, wait a minute.
Oh, is this the egregious unseemliness that I left?
This is the egregious unseemliness that I was...
Hold the recorder.
Okay, you're going to hear the mad skills of the lopping Reverend Stang.
These are tiny.
Well, but they're going right across the path.
Right, yeah.
They're not princessly.
No.
They're not seemly.
They're most unseemly.
All of this stuff.
It's small.
It's niggling.
It's unseemly.
It's not niggling, but it's...
It's on trail lock.
It's right on the trail.
It makes you feel...
It makes you question whether you're on the trail, and that's not a good feeling.
And it's not like cedar branches are an endangered species around here.
That's for sure.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
It's finally happened.
I have had a vision.
I have had a vision from Bob.
And Bob has pointed out that I'm not a princess.






He has pointed out to me in a way that can never be denied.
He has told me his one true vision for this week.
It is true, and it will never not be true, that the more effort you put in to gaining
slack, the more slack you will have.
Unless you put in too much effort, obviously.
A thank you, Reverend Priest.
You've been listening to the subgenius radio ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information, write to p.o.


Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118 or see www.subgenius.com.
Praise Bob.
And now, a little bonus.
A recording of a discussion about deafness.
Let's go.
A recording of a conversation about deafness.
Let's go.




I said, hey, there's some really good cricket sound here.
This would be a great time to do some Hour of Slack stuff.
Don't you hear them?
Listen, the crickets.
And he just, uh ... I looked at her like, why are you being so cruel?
And he laughed.
I hear those, I hear crickets and cicadas all the time, even on snowy days in Ohio.
It's funny, uh, somebody emailed me and said he was looking at the clock and said,




I'm looking forward to this show because ... it was this guy that did that music.
Um, he was looking ... or girl, I don't even know.
I never know.
Um, even after I see him.
Anyway, this guy said he was looking forward to this, uh, Stang Ranch show because he wanted
to hear if the noisy bugs in Texas were as ... like the noisy bugs where he is.
And I had to explain to him that, uh, that I can't hear them.








And I don't wait to find out either because I hear noisy bugs all the time due to, uh,
due to listening to 1,569 hours of Slack.
That's what ... that's a good way to get tinnitus.
They're teeming here.
So the crickets are real this time.
Yes.
That's it.
They're real this time.
The ones that you're hearing, they're not just in your ears.
Well, that's why I didn't know that I was suffering from a crickets.
I've been suffering from tinnitus for about five years because I grew up in Texas and
it always sounds like this all summer long.
I'm, she's talking to a male.
I came back that day and her Wenty and tried to bribe the operator for another sympatica
some comen Laser beam and she did.
But we didn't know if I was good len the other thing, catch you later.
Yeah, you're right.
Thank you.
Thank you.
