You'll have to excuse Ivan's manner.
If you behave yourself, he'll hurt you.
Look, what kind of a creep joint is this?
Place of research, and Ivan.
Oh, yeah?
That's a genius.
I rate a slap.
Perfect.
I guarantee you're surrounded by bobs.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
And there's never been a now.
Bob will show you how to create now, free.
A current total now, Bob.
Absolutely free.
And for a first-hand version of how to hold a bob.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Call now to get Bob's newest mouth, free.
That's 800-744-74-643-99-94-7-7-4-9.
Why now? Why free?
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Joker, man.
What do you do with all your money?
You see, I'm a guy of simple taste.
I enjoy dynamite and gunpowder.
And gasoline.
What's this?
And you know the thing that they have in common?
They're cheap.
I'm broken down.
Yes, I'm broken down.
Into the elements from which I came.
Into the mud where they wrote my name.
Into the dust when the blood is gone.
Into molecules and atoms.
I'm broken down.
I'm broken down.
Yes, I'm broken down.
I'm out of words, I'm down to size.
There's much less to me than meets the eye.
I'm not the man.
I used to be.
You'll be seeing less and less of me.
I'm broken down.
I can see it all now.
I'll be sitting in a chair.
People talking to me.
But I ain't there.
What about Bob?
Where'd he go?
I don't know.
He was here just a second ago.
He must have broke down.
I'm broken down.
I'm broken down.
I'm broken down.

I'll pay the rents and the rent alone.
I'll just bid when the money's gone.
But I'll never leave, don't fear.
I'll just stay right here and disappear.
I'm broken down.
I'm broken down.
I'm broken down.
I'm broken down.
I'm broken down.
I'm broken down.
I'm broken down.
I'm broken down.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.

That was Bob walking towards...
I don't think anything makes any difference anymore, does it, Jerry?
I don't think anything makes any difference anymore, does it, Jerry?
Oh, that's not Jerry.
That's the Reverend Ivan Stagg.
No, that wasn't Bob.
That wasn't me singing.
That was Bob singing.
Bob Walkenhorst from his newest album, I think.
The Beginner.
He used to be with the Rainmakers.
But they ran out of water, I guess.
They're liars.
A pack of cheesy liars.
Oh my goodness.
Oh my goodness.
We're all broken down here, friends.
We barely made it into the station.
We're all sick, sick, sick, sick.
Actually, I'm not sick.
He's a big one.
A whole bunch of people.

A lot of your withering hair and skin left.




Oh, mamma mia, mother of demons trois.
As doctor L locking our body,
andt think we can't take benzoin...
Oh, well, we've got hemoglobin
and Camb unacceptable.

Dave, we'll have to share.
I can body slam this broad into the wall like a hockey player.
Now, now.
No, but you know that maybe if this microphone did work,
could you actually see if it'll come up?
Or it just doesn't work because of the studio work.
We're moving WCSB now that that's interesting to anybody across the land.
I'm not on the mic at all, you see.
Bugger off with all that.
Hey, yeah.
Friends, pray for Mike.
Poor Mike.
The microphone, he was an early chutney.
Actually, there was a subgenius who went by the name of Reverend Mike Rophone.
And he was one of Susie the Flusie's co-hosts on one of the other subgenius shows.
The great one on WREK Atlanta.
That takes place actually in another dimension.
I don't know if you're completely and totally aware of that
because you like to be the omnipotent, all-seeing eyeball of the church.
But Susie...
Susie the Flusie's show on WREK, isn't it?
Right.
In Atlanta, Florida.
I mean, Atlanta, Georgia.
She, that show...
A wreck of a station?
That show is actually taking place concurrently in another dimension,
which is why comparisons and analogies can't be made.
I mean, between her and this one, for instance.
Well, in our new studio at WCSB, we'll actually have a urinal and urinal cakes to put our little birthday...
Right in the studio, yeah.
Right next to where the DJ sits so that...
A person in my position would never have to get up.
But, yes, friends, we've learned a lot because of our sick friends.
We learned that if you are in the hospital, you need someone else there, a lawyer preferably,
all the time to keep you from being neglected
because that's just the way they run things in hospitals.
And that's the same way with our economy.
It's been sick, and there hasn't been the right...
There's a right doctor there, and you need a lawyer for it to sicken you less.
Oh, speaking of our economy, hold off just a second, Dave,
because I have a public service announcement here, okay?
Which I'm going to read, but it's not real long.
So this news commercial is brought to you by Reverend Dr. Mistar Sistar.
Yes, you too can own the United States blue-chipped companies at drastically reduced prices.
Act fast.
It still can't last too long.
Imagine owning partial shares in big banks and investment companies.
What would you pay for a share?
$72? $35?
No, we're marking prices to the bone.
Just five bucks a share while they last.
Far, far below the original cost.
Some shares may be gently used.
Impress your friends.
Make your neighbors jealous.
Walk with pride knowing you're right up there rubbing shoulders with the captains of industry.
Make your bid today before the market closes at 4pm.
No price is considered too low for these great companies.
We reserve the right to oversell the shares, but be assured you'll have them in your hands pronto
as our buyers are now all over the world looking for bargains.
Don't be caught short.
No credit?
No problem.
And the printed certificates are works of art in themselves.
Paper your walls with them.
Make doilies.
Wrap fish.
At prices this low, who can resist?
This is not an offer to sell or buy.
Such offers are only made in the prospectus, which can be viewed as a waste of time.

You can view it in PDF form at www.nostradamus.com slash fall specials.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Mr. Sistar for the news there.
Mr. Sistar.
Yes, it's true.
The United States is now for sale.
I was so glad to hear that the government was bailing out all those rich people using our money that we don't have.
Right.
The tax the average ordinary ranking person with swine flu is now being...
Forced into a small little vessel and has to compromise his own existence just to keep these banks floating like a mighty turd in the wrong toilet.
Mighty.
And I personally, I don't want to sound a little wobbly here, but I noticed that my, my, the hairs above my, what do they call those, my eyebrows?
You look a little wobbly.
Yeah, so I don't want to be a little wobbly here, but my eyebrows are getting pretty thick, comrade.
You know what I'm saying?
I don't know what I'm saying.
Chunky style.
That's what I say.
Yeah, that's what I say.
That's what I say, too.
Now, wait a minute.
I think Stan's going to read another thing here.
Well, actually, I was...
It's a news brief.
It's because, friends, you know, we do this work, this slack for free.
But some people donate out of the goodness of their hearts to the Hour of Slack.
And I'm going to read off the names of people who have donated.
Our beautiful donators.
Here we have Steve Krause.
Praise donators.
From Dolby Labs.
We have Jesse Bennett.
Praise Jesse Bennett.
No, broke it.
Charles Birmingham.
Oh, thank you very much, city in Alabama.
Reverend Luna Tim.
Oh, thank you.
Yes, Reverend Luna Tim.
Luna Tim was the one who built great artworks out of dominoes that would then fall down all over his house.
The little sugar.
Oh, the dynamic.
He was a dynamic fellow.
And Reverend Justin Jacobs.
And Reverend Sibethulu, it says here.
These are all people who have gone to the trouble of donating to the Hour of Slack specifically.
Not the station, but the show per se.
Actually, they download the show.
That's why they donated it.
They get it off the intranets, you see.
This is my music being translated into another language.
Yes, your music is in the background.
Yes, yes.
This is the old...
This is the old Einstein Secret Orchestra witch disco album playing in the background.
So, it's a haunted station.
It certainly is.
There's cobwebs about.
Chaz is back.
A spider scurrying from corner to corner.
The old janitor, Mr. Kindly Fishman.
What was his middle nostril?
Kindly Fishman has passed out for the last time underneath the console.
Nostril domus.
With his bucket mostly intact.
He's mopped up his last floor here at WCSB.
And we are really moving into kind of a space, like an outer space kind of looking place.
The luxuries are just...
You can't even...
The commendations of the place are incredible.
That hasn't happened yet, though.
We're still in Tarzan's Tree Station.
Tarzan's radio station.
The floor looks...
The carpets look horrible.
Like they've been urinated on.
Things are sticking up.
The foil is coming undone.
It looks to me like nobody ever painted this cabin.
Well, that's...
That's because they're moving everything out of here.
Normally, it's high-tech.
They're leaving the ugly stuff.
You know, it's against the law for us to say anything bad about the station.
Did you know that?
It is now under a new Homeland Security thing.
But before, we could criticize with an external visa.
We could gripe about the microphones.
But that's now against the law.
The t-shirt Princess Wee is wearing is against the law.
It's outlawful.
What's inside your head is against the law.
My nose is illegal.
Your nose, your eyes.
And what's directly behind all of your eyes is illegal now.
Your sciences are illegal.
In fact, everything you're...
What your ears are doing right now, dear friends,
is against the laws of the United States under the new Terrorism Rave Act.
But remember, Barb...
Whereby, if you even hear somebody smoking pot,
you're...
It's a 20-year mandatory life sentence.
Especially on the radio.
And you've got to remember,
barbed wire does make an excellent, excellent antenna system.
Stang, would you like to explain a little bit how, like,
while incarcerated, you can still get this show
just by twisting the barbed wire the right way?
Well, if you twist it hard enough around your temples,
you'll hear something that sounds sort of like this show anyway.
It comes in through the fillings in your teeth, right?
If you listen to the screams of your neighboring cellmates
being beaten by the bulls,
that's sort of like listening to this show.
You get an idea.
It's about as comfortable as this show.
And comfortable.
Comforting as this show.
Yes.
How?
But this show wasn't meant to give comfort.
Instead, it was meant to bring alarm,
to cause alacrity and extreme perfunction,
to make people jump and shout and say,
what's it all about?
Well, no, actually, it was originally designed to bring slack.
But we learned that the best way to give people slack
was to beat them until... for an hour.
And then when we stopped beating them,
that's when they realized how much slack they already had.
And that's the moral of the story.
But once again, morals are not a part of this story.
No.
This is one of those...
The church of the subgenius is one of those religions
that doesn't let itself get bogged down in morality or ethics
or any of that frou-for-all.
Any of that frippery.
That's for some other religions.
They're welcome to all the morality they can...
Hack.
These are the religions that allow cheese in the temple,
that allow the perfunctory arguments of isomiasm and propiasm and propypasm.
These are the churches who allow...
belief in a single unitarian...
life at 2 p.m.
You sound like the Martian Hitler.
We have some Hitler coming up, by the way.
On Mars Invade or Tax that movie?
Or the Martian...
The leader of the Martians.
Or a Martian Hitler.
Invaders from Mars is one you're thinking of
that had a head in a glass jar
that telepathically controlled your school teacher.
Well, what is controlling our...
If you don't believe that, stangy-wangy,
who and what is controlling our school teacher?
That's what I've been asking the question
as long as I've been asking who is Bob,
for crying out loud.
Who's controlling our stool teacher?
Who's controlling us?
The stool teachers are being controlled
by the signal embedded in this radio station's carrier wave.
It's not so much what you're hearing,
but what you don't hear that controls your brain.
Now, some people are laughing at that
and other people are going,
he's right, it's true,
because I went outside
and this helicopter, police helicopter,
came by just because I went outside.
My friends and I, we were tripping on asses.
We went for a walk
and this police helicopter went right overhead
and I know it's because they're watching me,
they're following me.
I seen my neighbor across the street,
he was looking out his window
and I know it's because he was spying on me
for homeland security
and then they put that thought in my head.
That bad thought.
It wasn't my fault that I got that thought in my head.
It was them.
They did it.
They're planting all kinds of bad thoughts
in bad heads now.
Remember to buy smoke oil.
Remember to wear jeans.
Remember to wear cheese pants.
Remember to wear blustery whiskers.
Remember to buy this, buy that,
do this, do that.
Oh, your mind is not controlled.
There's no mind of yours to control.
You have no mind of your own.
Well, a while back,
the conspiracy used to control your mind,
but then they...
Wait a minute, I'm almost done.
They don't have...
No longer is there anyone working for the conspiracy
who has a mind.
No one has a mind, mind you,
at this point.
Except the conspiracy,
because they have a plan.
That's the problem.
I don't mind.
Does it concern...
Well, but their plan is 50 years old,
and it's getting kind of, you know, touchy.
It tells the same jokes every week.
But, Stank, think of all the world's religions
and corporations and governments.
Aren't they telling them same old 200-year-old
stinky, stinky old jokes?
They only have to tell it once,
and the corruptigating worm is in your head.
Literally eating his way in through your corpus callosum,
into your...
into your midbrain.
It's delicious!
Well, some people's are probably delicious.
I don't know that I'd want to crack your head open
and sup of your grey matter,
because it really is grey.
It's supposed to be pink,
but I've seen your brain, Dave.
It's a little stinky in there.
It's one big cell.
It's one large brain cell.
And with one large convict
walking around aimlessly,
left to right,
crossing himself with indignity,
walking up to the outside,
going too close to the mirror.
Don't stand too close to the mirror!
Get by the bars.
Get back away.
Get back away from the bars!
Princess, we and I only have
a half a brain cell each,
but it's a joint brain.
Together.
And when we rub those two halves together,
synapses can fire
and actual thoughts can happen.
I wish that would happen now.
Me too.
Don't worry.
There's a doctor made for...
for you today.
With MedService Incorporated,
any and every ethical or emergency
you might experience
is completely and totally irrelevant.
Alright, no idea.
What I was trying to say is
we need a form of spiritual doctor.
We need a doctor that is more like a medicine man.
A doctor who has his patient's heart at heart.
A doctor who understands everything
a doctor must understand.
Except for I have to go play golf right now.
And I have to play this right now.
If I lost the weight,
my knees would stop hurting.
Ask your doctor about stomach injury, vomiting and heartburn
to help you achieve long-term weight loss.
Hmm, what are you eating?
We're all growing old
Hope these words will console
While we're here stretch out the years with time control
Don't try to hold
Just let it go
Everything happens eventually
With time control
Time control
Time control
Time control
Time control
Time control
Time control
Time control











The temple of controle
Time control
Why time is such a waste
Everything around it is driving people
Ooh, time is such a waste

Time Control
Everything happening at once
A future like the past
Will soon be gone
Right now
A present
Ready to unwrap
Every day's a holiday
When you've got slack
Time stops
Everything happening at once
A future like the past
Will soon be gone
Right now
A present
Ready to unwrap
Every day's a holiday
When you've got
Patience
Time Control
Control
Patience
Time Control
Like old times
You and I didn't have any old times
Like old time, you and I didn't have any old time spot.
Like old time, you and I didn't have any old time spot.
No.
Like old time, you and I didn't have any old time spot.
No.
But from now on we can.
Like old time, you and I didn't have any old time spot.
Like old time, you and I didn't have any old time spot.
The great Reverend Phineas Narco, and you can hear his whole shows if you look at nationalcynical.com.
In fact, he'll be, and he streams a lot of stuff for those listening in real time.
He'll be streaming at 10 o'clock tonight.
But most of you aren't listening in real time.
But some may.
You have no time control.
Do you need time control?
Time control was by Reverend Max.
Slack.
We've been playing a lot of songs by Max Slack, and there's a lot more of them yet to come.
As he is known to his comrades, Max Slack.
I'm sorry.
Max Slack.
Max Slack.
Max Schnell.
Hi, folks.
I'm Max Schnell with the Max Schnell Report.
And there's so much to say, I can't say it quick enough, so.
Max Schnell means faster.
Go faster, doesn't it?
Yes, make quick.
The only reason I know that is because that's what Hitler's brain says.
As in, they stole Hitler's brain.
He does say Max Schnell.
They carry a little Hitler head around in a basket, and it's always going, Max Schnell, Max Schnell.
And it also gives commands on how to take over the world and stuff, right?
Yeah.
Or something like that.
I've never actually seen that movie.
I've only heard takeoffs on it.
Now, is it true that there's a little jar with Philo Drummond's head in it that's going around telling everybody all kinds of, I don't know, what not, what to do.
It's more like, well, yeah, right.
Yeah, Philo has a jar.
What not to do.
What not to do.

What not to do.
Philo has a jar with the Philo head in it, but we all have a little jar with Hitler's head inside our head.
I have one in my breast pocket right now, and believe me, it's close to my heart.
It's making my nipple very, very feisty.
Everyone has a tiny little Hitler in there, inside their head, trying to come out.
This is happening.
I'm not saying that's a good thing, but that's what the conspiracy is all about, my friends.
The tiny Hitler inside everybody's head.
And all the con has to do is sit back and let that little Hitler do its business.
What is the purpose of the little Hitler in the head?
Is it to make the trains run on time, so to speak, and the individual personality?
Is it more or less to make us dress up funny in uniforms or to grow a little mustache like Charlie Chaplin and wave like, hello?
It's to make you want to be the big boss.
The big boss of your area.
That's what the little Hitler head is for.
It's an evolutionary thing.
My area's been in need of a big boss for a long time, you know what I'm saying?
Well, some people's Hitler head is really small, and some people have a great big Hitler head.
So that doesn't have to do with the actual length or the size of the, so to speak, Hitler.
This is an inner head thing, Dave.
It's not something that you could find circulating in a sideshow.
Everyone else is.
It also has a tiny Mother Teresa inside their heads.
It's miserable and sick to its own heart, because even though it has to act like it's godly and doing all this stuff for God,
in fact, it doesn't really believe, and it's faking it.
Wow.
You know, that's what, it turned out that Mother Teresa was faking it for the whole last half of her life.
She lost her faith, and she wrote letters to this one.
One friend who, ten years after she died or whatever it was, he decided to go ahead and release these letters and go,
here's how miserable she really was, because she hated having to go through the motions and pretend that she was this little godly nun,
when really she didn't, she had given up.
She had no hope.
She needed Bob.
Mother Teresa needed a great big old Bob.
Right behind her.
Right in the, you know, where it's.
Well, I was wondering.
Do we each have like a.
I could have helped out Mother Teresa.
A number of these little, little, little heads.
I'll show her my little Hitler.
None of this is happening.
None of it.
Now, some people want to show her their little Elvis, but I don't even have a little Elvis.
All I've got is two little Hitlers.
So, like, if you're an average bowling alley type guy, you know, you come home from work, you drink 12 six-packs of beer,
you run around and chase the little children in the neighborhood, stuff like that.
Okay.
All right.
You're a Brown supporter.
You're a Cleveland Indian supporter, so forth.
Now, you've got a little one, two, three, four, like five different little heads in here.
You've got your little Hitler head.
You've got your little Mother Teresa head.
You've got a little John Wayne head.
You've got your little John.
You've got your little Woody Allen head.
You've got to have your little Woody Allen head, right?
Right.
Something like that.
Telling you, like, what am I doing this for?
This is wrong.
You know.
A few people have a little Jimi Hendrix head.
Oh, man.
That's the head I'd like to have in my little head.
Everybody wishes they had the Jimi Hendrix head, but everybody does have the Hitler head, unfortunately.
And you've got.
You've got to work to cast out that Hitler.
You've got to plunge your finger down your throat and vomit that up.
I would say just to not only, just to not give in to the Hitler head.
Don't hile back.
Don't salute.
Don't wear those funny clothes.
Get other people to do that.
March out of step is what I would say.
March out of step.
And I would say decry all authority for its lunacy.
Decry.
What good advice.
I think that's actually quite good.
Well, geez, thanks, Wee.
That kind of makes me perpendicular.
That's wonderful.
I like that.
I really like that.
Mr. Fernandanande Lemur did the collages that we've heard tonight, by the way.
I think this is almost all Lemurian collage-y show.
They look like prairie dogs, don't they, Lemurs?
No, you're thinking meerkats.
Meerkats.
Yeah.
Meerkats.
Princess Wee and I have a.
A great love of meerkats.
We've watched them in the wild, in the zoo, and they have this sort of slackful aura about
them.
They do.
They don't really care that much about them.
They stand like this.
Prissy hands.
With their hands hanging down pristly.
I've seen many hermaphroditic subgenies.
My kids make fun of me for doing this.
When I'm in repose, I sometimes will take a meerkat pose.
It makes me feel.
Like I have slack.
Like you ever.
It helps subdue the little Hitler.
There's a vast repository of strength in your energy deposing that little Hitler.
It brings out the big old Bob in my head.
Now, see, that's the thing.
Everybody's also got a.
If you're a subgenius minister, along with all this clutter of Hitlers and Mother Teresa's and Elvis's and things,
you also get, for the first time, a big old Bob.
Well, it's not a big old Bob at first.
It's a little baby Bob.
It's kind of flaccid.
Oh, they grow fast.
Yeah.

They grow fast.
They don't grow much, but they grow fast.
Like wildfire.
It's kind of like a chia seed or something.
You just, like, rub it a little bit and put some milk there, and it explodes in your face.
Speaking of growing fast, have I mentioned to our live audience that I'm a grandpa now?
You can call me Peepaw.
Peepaw Stan.
Peepaw is your nickname?
And Meemaw.
Weemaw.
That's Weemaw.
Princess We is Weemaw.
And actually, I'm D-Daw, I think.
I'll end up being whatever the little.
The little Stang will.
Only it's my daughter's kid, and she married somebody else, so his last name is not Stang.
Well, how could you do such a thing?
And I'm not going to say his last name, because then you could look up where they live in Wasilla, Alaska, and find them.
Well, my new Ninos call me Yee for Yee Old Man.
They call you what?
Yee.
The?
Yee.
Yee.
Yee.
For Yee Old Man.
Yee Old Man.
Yonder Old Man.
Yonder Yee.
Yee Old Man.
Yee.
Yee.
And I wear, like, medieval fair frocks and stuff like that around my frame.
You could be, like, Prince Yee.
Prince Yee.
Sharing the microphone with Princess Wee.
Yee and Wee.
Yee and Wee.
And Zee.
You know, no matter how often we say on the show her name properly, Princess Wee Ardo, Queen of All the UFOs,
there remain people who insist on calling her Princess Wee.
And I just don't get that.
The Wee is not Chinese.
It's Wee as in Wee!
Maybe you guys should spell it W-H-E-E.
Or just forget about all that Hitler in your head stuff and spell it any damn way you please.
I fawn all over that dough no matter how you look at it.
Ah.
Bucko.
Isn't that sweet?
You beat me to the snout.
You're giving me a personal summer.
That's the little Cary Grant head inside my brain.
A personal summer?
What the hell's a personal summer?
A hot flash.
Oh.
I see.
Yes.
Friends.
I've been on the beach too long.
Friends.
I've dried.
In the glow of.
I've been looking for mollusks and coquina shells for a long time.
Do you know where I could find meat on this seashore?
Is that what that smell is?
You know, we are going.
Some of these coquina are bad like my breath.
Oh my.
According to the prognostications that I read all the time in the conspiracy news,
it appears that we all will be wandering the lake shore looking for food soon
and eating little growth clusters and so forth.
Anything we can get our hands on because everything will cost too much.
Milk will be the price of gas and gas will be the price of diamonds.
And diamonds will.
Be free because they're useless.
They're just pretty shiny.
Cut glass with them.
That's about it.
I remember the elder statesman Dennis Kucinich, who was is from Cleveland area, said in the
70s in a Playboy interview, which I could never mind.
But in a Playboy interview, he said that by the time gas is five dollars a gallon.
By the time gas is five dollars a gallon and bread is two dollars a loaf.
There's going to be people in the street.
So we got to do something about this because we don't want because there's going to be.
And he didn't understand that people don't even care about their own selves.
My son, about ten years ago, sort of at one point I was talking about the cost of making a movie or buying something.
He rolled his eyes.
He goes, Dad, you need to start adding a zero to everything.
That's the way it is now, man.
No.
Now you have to add two zeros.
Right.
One in front to show that.
That's right.
Mill sub data, meaning nothing equals nothing.
Plus nothing.
Nada.
He not a.
Not a.
Not a.
Not a.
Not a.
Not a.
Not a.
And also you could put a you could put a zero underneath, which they call the smiling goose egg in theoretical mathematics.
When you put the little zero under and calculus, it means nothing.
There ain't never, ever going to be nothing more than net.
And then you put it up on top, which I guess is the sun.
God.
Zero.
Which means.
Who gives?
Who gives?
Because.
Never mind.
It's.
I'm sorry.
I diluted the track.
Who invented the zero?
Was it the Persians or.
The Arabs.
The what?
The Arab in the Middle East.
The autobots?
The Arab in the Middle East was the.
It wasn't the Decepticons.
Was originally nine.
And then they used the ten.
Make it go to ten.
At least that's what they say down.
They say 11 down the street from me.
Oh.
We invented mathematics.
Astrology.
I mean, astronomy and medicine.
And.
The guy down at the 7-Eleven down the street from you invented medicine, astrology and
astronomy and the zero?
Yep.
Of course, the zero has to do with more with the mathematics than it does with astrology.
Even though I was born under the sign of the sub nil dot.
Well, now.
So I guess that happened at a time when our ancestors.
Yeah.
The mighty Caucasians were still chucking spears out of caves, right?
And painting themselves blue.
Or as they used to say in the pub scrolls in London, the Irish had a culture when you
Brits were picking your noses in caves.
That's what at least they used to say that in the urinals.
Oh.
Anyway, I'm sorry I drifted away there for a minute, but I.
Well, I thought the Chinese invented everything.
Well, they did invent running toilets, cold water, flood.
The modern brassier, as we know, without the extra opiates and the things that shoot
in the dark.
Onions, I think dark meat.
Who invented work?
I'd like to kill that guy.
We're going to have to kill him pretty soon.
Yeah.
Actually, I was reading that work was invented about the same time as agriculture.
So you could sort of blame Sumerians or somebody like that.
I'd rather blame Johnny Rockefeller because he came up with the idea of eight hours a

day.
Eight hours working, eight hours sleeping, and eight hours for you to pretend like you're
with your family being yourself.
Right.
Right.
Blame it on the need for vegetables.
Eight hours to.
The need of vegetables.
I have the vegetables.
This is the agricultural age.
We're worshiping the great god of celery.
The great god of celery would like to introduce himself, so he'll come right up to the microphone
and tell us what he's new for us in the age of agriculture.

It's Bob.
You must satisfy.
Well, I see a modern celery.
I stalk people.
Oh boy, I should have stayed at my own place, whatever that is.
What is my place?
Don't ever stay at your own place.
We need you here.
Before you can go to your place, Dave, you must learn your place.
But is it a supine position or is it just like an overlord?
It's doggy style.
Kind of like a suppository.
But I'm the one.
I'm the dog, right?
In other words.
That's right.
I'm the one on the bottom.
You're the bitch.
The biatch.
Yeah, you're my little biatch, baby.
You're Bob's little biatch, not mine.
None of it.
None of it at all.
I'm Bob's little biatch.
It's not happening.
Biatch is the correct cool pronunciation as I understand it.
Well, there's also biotch and ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-batch.
There's...
You know, because I don't really watch TV or listen to the radio, this show is the only
show that I ever see.
It's the constantly evolving or devolving biotch.
Biotch.

How do you say it on the internet?
Something like that.
How do you say that on the internet?
That's the way my gerbil says it.
But you have, there's like ultra, there's like a lot of diphthongs and vowel movements that
go up and down.
All the way back to like, I don't know, what's some vowel shifts, not vowel movements.
Oh, there's some, but we're old.
And we use vowels and consonants that are extinct, basically.
We're the last users of many vocal sounds.
Look at these clothes, too, with like these little shields on the breasts.
You know, we look like the Valhalla women, you know, the Viking women.
Outdated, obsolete, old, old, old, old.
Tin shoes.
Shoes.
Grandpas.
Great, great grandpas.
People without cluster, without feelings, without social energy, without emotions, without ears, nostrils, or...
Old, old, old.
No passion whatsoever.
People who just as soon float downstream as swim frantically upstream, only to be taken away into the rapids.
And the whole clan was taken away.
Well, actually, the...
They're all...
The rewardians float...
They float downstream, and the emergentiles swim against the current.
And, uh, you rewardians just be glad that we only take one out of ten of you.
But only the twain shall meet.
Many, many, many rewardians are with those others.
But we of Procrustinium shall be rewarded best and last, for we have waited the longest.
Yes, friends.
Procrustinium.
Procrustinium shall be...
You say you have ranked the longest?
Dominant again.
The Procrustinians.
We have put off our glory enough times that it damn well better happen very soon.
No.
Because I get really tired of waiting.
Bob, oh, Bob.
Wherefore art thou, Bob?
Oh, Bob, please.
As your humble servant, I would ask that you...
Oh, see, I forgot this homily here.
I can't...
I'm on one.
Let's see.
Oh, this is...
Dear Bob, as your humble servant, I would like to remind you that a contract is as goodly as good as the keeper of its various worms.
You, for instance, Mr. Snavely Mean Wretched Person, have denied me my rights as a fellow Hunan being,
as a member of the County Club,
and a flipper of the agenda.
Wait.
It is for these reasons that my lawyer, or legal staff, has...
Oh, shit.
This is the wrong...
Burgermeisters.
Oh, when was the last time you slayed a Burgermeister?
When was the last time you sniffed a Burgermot?
Isn't it more frequent for you, friend, that the Burgermeister riles up the vineyard?
You know, when you're a villager and they come after you with torches.
The Burgermeister keeps you regular.
And he's always there on the corner with his finger where it belongs.
Don't just slay that Burgermeister.
Slay the hell out of him.
Don't just...
Bob said that.
...choke that chicken.
Batter dip in.
Deep fry it.
And then batter it again.

Wank as if your very life depended upon it.
And it does, my friend.
You know, Priestess Pisces is...
She's the head of the wankers for Bob Schism.
Yeah!
You can say that, right?
Yeah!
Listen, man, that beheads the socialism.
Because I saw all these years talking to them three guys.
The one with the weird, like, this-sized, huge eyes.
And the ones with very...
The ears like St. Bernard dogs.
And the ones who could...
They dreamed there was a fowl...
And a thousand gold pieces under that one tree.
And they hung somebody there.
And she's a damn socialism!
Because I can smell it!
Don't you be bad-mouthing that, Princess Pisces.
Don't you ever bad-mouth her!
Man, don't you know what she didn't do?
It's not what she...
I didn't...
There's something fishy about her.
Ah, yeah.
Fresh, fresh fish.
Come on, man.
Sister fish.
Oh!
You're a fish, too.
I'm a fish, too!
I'm all peshy.
That's true.
I have scales, but I...
But, Princess Wee, you were not actually born of this Earth.
So, would the constellations and the stars have the same effect on some...
You don't even know which planet you were from yet.
That's exactly right.
But I tend to favor the princess...
The Pisces.
Piscean.
By Piscean of the Earth.
The pesky Pisces.
Remember that old joke?
You were born under the sign Yield.
Or Stop.
The sign...
You were born under the sign of Stop?
Or Yield.
Yield.
Yeah, I...
I think it's...
Oh, my.
I think it's time to warn them again.
Time for the news.
Time for the news in Washington.
I'm near 90 miles per hour.
Democratic presidential candidate,
Barack Obama,
made a sexist comment about Republican presidential candidate,
John McCain's,
for phony outrage.
We have real diversions in this country right now.
And the American people are looking to us for distractions.
They want manipulations, not answers.
Investment company Lehman Brothers says
the McCain campaign made the same remark earlier this year
regarding the largest and most expensive giant particle ever attempted.
In the coming months,
the plan is to smash physicists into each other.
The hope is that...
Enormous particles will be created.
Particles 17 miles around.
Also, an unusual particle called PR News.
Tall as a three-story building.
On Wall Street 672-19-8,
this is PR News in Washington.
We'll be right back.
So please just stay your wife.
Work in a graveyard shift.
Work in a graveyard shift.
Work in a graveyard shift.
Work in a graveyard shift.
Work in a graveyard shift.



I'm standing in white light.
I have no clue to help me through.
So please let's take the night.
Work in a graveyard shift.
Work in a graveyard shift.
Work in the graveyard shit
Work in the graveyard shit
That I'm working
That I'm working
More things in heaven and earth than in your books
More things in heaven and earth than your books
I was working the graveyard shit late one Sunday night
Making sure all the trains were running smooth and uptight
Keeping a close eye on the backbeat in four and nine
Making sure all the trains were running smooth and uptight
Making sure all the trains were running on time
Then I lucked off into the cold distance and what did I see?
Looked like one solitary headlight coming after me
One solitary headlight with his eyes on me
Come and take me away
Come and take me away
Come and take me away
Come and take me away
Work in the graveyard shit
Work in the graveyard shit
Work in the graveyard shit
Work in the graveyard shit
Ah
Ah
Oh
Ah
Ah
That holds you down
Is the hand that lifts you up
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Ha ha ha ha ha
Working a graveyard shift
Working a graveyard shift
Working a graveyard shift
Working a graveyard shift
Working a graveyard shift
The Haunted Station
That was Einstein's Secret Orchestra
from the CD called
Sadness
Sex in Another Dimension
A song by Professor Chaz Smith
and Lonesome Cowboy Dave
That's Dave on guitar
In fact, it's been Dave on guitar all night
Believe it or not
He's been playing while talking
I've been at my organ, too
And Bob Mosick on drums
Praise Bob
And Mosick does mean brain
in both Ukrainian and Russian
I'd like to have you know this
Mosick, yes
But it might be pronounced different
and actually mean something
else
And the Jimi Hendrix of the electric guitar
Michelle George
is a big part of that
Now her name does not mean brain
It means George
Right
What does Michelle mean?
Michael as a girl
Oh
Oh
I thought it had something to do with
Michelle, let me get in there
Oh, French?
Shellfish
Very French
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Yes, uh
But none of us are using our real names, right?
Not Mr. X
Oh, we're using our real names tonight, aren't we, Stang?
I mean, Mr. X
Yup, that's right
It's Reverend Stang, or Mr. X
Reverend Mr. X
And Reverend Princess X
Well, there was a Dr. X who was one of the co-sub-founders of the church
He wanted to call it the Church of the Divine Immaculation
Well, he missed the first Purge, though
He was, well, he was purged, wasn't he?
Well, he was.


he purged himself oh he did yes he did accidentally he didn't mean to but you know that's what happens
when you go to thailand and buy heroin oh i thought he tried to demaculate himself like
bob and fried his little testicles oh he did do that first we all did that probably over and over
yes this there was uh it's a show of the dead you might say oh or near dead yeah
some of us we're near dead some of us have one foot there so old oh now come on guys you're only
as old as you feel and you both know that oh no that's really bad news now i'd like to also remind
you children to put your cranes down when i tell you you know you sounded like that northeastern
ohio accent so much i wanted to slap you one what kind of accent are you talking about he's like now
oh you're only as old as
you get as you guys feel yes you guys free oh shut up no that's not the way you say you say
you're only as old as you as you guys feel guys g-a-h-s guys y'all y'all's only as old as you feel
feel certain parts of your body and once you know that
your state the squares coming off your cerebrus your corpus
cerebrus was it
the guard of the dam didn't he the devils the demons are the damned or haiti's or
now when i was uh 20 i thought 30 was old and when when i was 30 i thought 50 was
really really old now i'm 55 and i think i still think 50 is old so that means i think
like a 30 year old yeah but when i was five i thought 10 was really really super old and then
when i got when i was 12 years old i thought everyone who was 10 was really young and stupid
right
when i well i knew i stopped right there at 12 and he decided i would never ever ever in the rest
of my life become an older person or a younger person any more than that when i the numbers i
was given my daughter swore to me that she would always be nine years old but she lied i was just
talking with a friend today who said that under it all most men are just about 12 and i said some
aren't so under it all dear you know what that means it means we don't have to wear all those
weird tampons and we don't have to wear all those weird tampons and we don't have to wear all those
weird tampons and we don't have to wear all those weird tampons and we don't have to wear all those
funny things every month they wear their 12 year oldness proudly i'd rather wear my pre-pubescence
than a bunch of funny girdles and arm pants that nobody else can wear well good then it's viva la
difference you wear diapers at the beginning and you wear them at the end that is really profound
staying in true but unfortunately you put on your diapers this morning who's going to change them
tonight my friend
she is the undertaker going to be changing your diapers tonight
what is with with this black morbid humor tonight i mean come off it it's in the air
lovey love i think everyone's thinking of their own mortality a little bit especially since bob
took the tumble last week i mean it was quite a surprise to most of us seeing that he would never
ever wake up again i mean have the pipe so far stuck up there wasn't it we couldn't get it out
we couldn't know you can't we could you can't not for love or money can you extract that pipe from
bob's you know ever ever and so they and if you did pull it out it'd probably be the end of time
right a premature end of time all entangled with his brain right so when you pull the pipe out his
whole brain comes out it right the tappers go all the way into the brain so when we took him to
hospital we were after we were trying to be very careful that they knew exactly that if they began
to unravel
the great secret so to speak there might not be any more dark meat left for the rest of us
we're talking about dark matter uh you know well you have to have that as a and there has to be a
pipe on both ends that's the funny thing about bob most people don't know but there's a pipe on
either end there's the front pipe that everybody sees and then there's the nether pipe also known
as the back pipe or the tailpipe i read an article though uh i read an article just today
about the
evolution of the anus it has come a long way in the last few million years well there was a time
when every there was one orifice that did the job of both mouth and anus in in organ organisms
and uh and then later latar the uh the flatworm or some some brilliant creature like that
eventually punched a hole out the other side break he broke on through to the other side
so
this mono mono cell creature was the first uh nether piper no not a single cell creature they
actually have a vacuole that will uh erp out they just kind of pass waste out their sides you might
so you're saying in the old days sort of like frank sinatra we would take the food in and blow
the waste all over your whole body so your whole body would take the food in and blow the refuse
no you had there well yeah that was in the original then they developed the mouth and
but for a while it ended in a coma and then they developed the mouth and then they developed the mouth
and then they developed the mouth and then they developed the mouth and then they developed the mouth
as a cul-de-sac oh right like some of them had teeth in their anus and that was considered well
we're going to have problems well they had to rewrite the whole formula right they had to
rewrite the whole formula and uh and to and that's why most of the creatures that crawl or flop on
this planet are have a hole right through their middle we're donut shaped really if you think
about it if you think there's there's a hole that just goes all the way through now some of us
and there's it gets it gets stopped up sometimes right that's why some of us can get clawed
do have a vestigial anal tooth still uh a small vestigial right you know it's like a some right
underneath a little bit of a monkey tail right my mom had one of those little monkey tails did you
know that i didn't know it curled up not a whole tail i mean you told me that i didn't know it
stuck up so far and it was so curly i i thought you were fooling me at first and uh my brother
later has extra nipples supernumerary nipula you might say nipuli
extra nipples yeah they're not productive though you can't do anything with them if you were like a
little hitler in someone's head uh wouldn't you urge them chromosomically and genetically to grow
more nipples just for the sake of the fatherland well it's to offset the lack of testicles with
which hitler and other great men only had one are all the sub nipples as uh stimulatable or is it
just do they all have sensitivity or just the one by great by the way i don't mean
good i mean large you mean like greater and lesser like some of them have more they're all
i didn't want to i didn't want to go on record as saying hitler was great i'm not saying that
he was grating his voice was most grating oh speaking of grating it's a great time to
announce the end of the show which i just have snuck up on us friends uh if you want to know
more about lonesome cowboy dave the church of the subgenius
princess we are doe actually there's pictures there's some pictures on subgenius.com if you
look for the events and then look for the past events from their devivals of your there's some
photos taken in this studio and you can see how the old wcsb studio and the old lonesome cowboy
dave looked before they were all replaced uh and as we will be replaced any some of those parts
of the show will be replaced in the next few weeks
gotta get here too by the way we're taking a lawsuit gap there's a blast action suit going on
right now and now i think we must simply call our doctor there are moments you look forward to but
it doesn't have to be that way overactive bladder is bladder leaks and accidents and abdominal pain
your doctor isn't normal
yeah it's an escape to a far away land
it's just bob is what it is
it's just
it's just bob is what it is
literally

literally
sex
hit me
sex
turn it all
sexual action
we will do it
