Come, they told me, ba-ra-pa-pum-pum
Our newborn king to see, ba-ra-pa-pum-pum
Our finest gifts we bring, ba-ra-pa-pum-pum
To lay before the soul genius, our old son
The hangout for the homosexual
It's filled with cornhole fun
We didn't want to play this gig
But when Jesus told us we had to
We couldn't say no to Jesus
Somebody forgot their Kool-Aid
We're gonna tune up for you, hope you like it
Okay, so do you want to hear some Schoenberg or some Neil Diamond?
Okay, I think it's pretty clear
Everybody here would like to hear
Neil Diamond
Okay, a Neil Diamond
One, two, three, four
Sunshine peeking through my windowpane
Cup of coffee with Olin Soule
Birds are singing
In the trees again
Cup of coffee with Olin Soule
Whistling on the street
It ain't no crime
Checking my watch
I gotta be on time
Grab my Sporco
Got to look my best
Cup of coffee with Olin Soule
I'm so glad I got my trousers pressed
Cup of coffee with Olin Soule
Gotta be there at half past nine, looking for the diner with the neon sign.
Sha-ka-lacka-lacka-boo, Sha-ka-lacka-lacka-boo,
I'm a cup of coffee with Olin Soule.
Sha-ka-lacka-lacka-boo, Sha-ka-lacka-lacka-boo,
I'm a cup of coffee with Olin Soule.
Olin complains that I'm giving him the works
when I poke fun at him for always playing hotel clerks.
So what if he's pissed?
Cause with him it never sticks.
He whomps me upside my head with his prehensile attitude,
slimy seven foot long dick.
I'm going to clear up some confusion about the contents of these jars.
All are called food drinks, and they're all mixed with milk.
So you might think they don't make the same kind of milk drink.
But here, we have a real food supplement.
Instant Oval-Ten.
Our official secret squadron drink.
There's that waitress we saw yesterday.
I'm a cup of coffee with Olin Soule.
Olin likes it when she looks our way.
I'm a cup of coffee with Olin Soule.
Licks his lips and rubs his belly cause she's got a packet of strawberry jelly.
Sets it on the table and gives him a wink,
and that makes Olin start to think.
She might have some reptile blood cause her tail and her scales have started to bud.
And she's got a lizard tongue with crusted blood cause she eats her young.
Points to the kitchen with a scaly finger where a guy with a rash is making our dinner.
He scratches his balls like a real hash slinger and tosses out an order with his ding dong dinger.
We'll take the

I'm a cup of coffee with Olin Soule.
Olin is the king of the game.





I'm a cup of coffee with Olin Soule.
are the surveillance
Then right after we took his side
Come to find out that Obama lied
Hi-ho, hey, hey
Here comes a man from the NSA
He wants to know what you got to say
He wants to know what you's thinking today
Oh, hi, hey, hey
Fuck the guy from the NSA
Phone calls, emails, metadata
He don't need a wallet cause they're here in Chata
Drag your ass to a secret card
And in the prison these days they're doing water sports
Hi-ho, hey, hey
Here comes a man from the NSA
Someday he might send you away
Got some friends at the CIA
Oh, hi, hey, hey
Fuck the guy from the NSA
He wants to know what you got to say

Now it doesn't matter now where you've been
He'll even listen to you at the Holiday Inn
Watch the movie, watch the movie
Watch the movie, watch the movie
You and your next of kin
He make Minnesota like East Berlin
Oh, the NSA man, he is scum
Hanging from a pole by his fucking thumbs
Wire up his nipples, put a clamp on his scrotum
Like he wanna do to Eddie Snowden
Hi-ho, hey, hey
Here comes a man from the NSA
For the man that he took it away
Son of a bitch, we're gonna make him pay
Oh, hi, hey, hey
Hey, hey, son of a bitch
From the NSA
Hi-ho, hey, hey
Fuck the guy from the NSA
From PR News in Washington,
I'm a former Rwandan spy chief making $666 a year.
The Malaysian prime minister says German cardinals are Catholics within the Roman Catholic Church.
President Obama talked.
If you have to work more, you should forensic bait that tourist for those up-and-up dates.
Earlier this week, the president pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity to complicity in genocide and crimes against pipes and two flattened buildings.
800,000 people were killed in the explosion.
PR's report reports that for the first time, France has PR news in Washington.
And dear friends, thank you to Leemur for that.
The great Fernand and Andy Leemur, the PR news and our opening titles as usual.
And the songs.
How about that?
NFI.
USA guy.
And the previous, well, what mixed in with a cup of coffee with Ola and Sule are from the new album by the Rudy Schwartz Project.
And friends, it is an incredible album.
Winter Koala Sperm Harvest.
Although that's not the whole title.
It's like Song of the Winter Koala Sperm Harvest or Ode to the or something.
Anyway, it's incredibly good.
And.
This show will be largely Rudy Schwartz Project versus Papa Joe Mama.
The great preacher, subgenius preacher, Papa Joe Mama.
We've got two sermons by him coming up and more Rudy Schwartz Project.
Although for the Internet version of this show, I'll have to put the cuss words back in.
Don't you see?
Princess We is here, but the phone lines aren't.
They're still broke.
They're still broken.
And but we've been promised that they'll be fixed on Tuesday.
This is vintage Papa Joe Mama, eh?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
This is it.
It's a common.
This shows combination of brand new hot off the griddle Rudy Schwartz Project from our dear friend, Reverend Joe Newman.
And.
Yeah.
Oh, and that was Sphinx Drummond that you heard right at the very beginning.
Yeah.
I think that was recorded at a.
D Vival in Austin.
When they were playing as Booger 9000.
Anyway, friends.
So that's the show.
Well, you actually have some fake live show that really comes off of Radio Synesthesia later on.
But now from the old subgenius tape album.
And I apologize for the breakups and the sound quality.
Here.
This is the great song, Free Things, by Reverend G.
Don Trueby.
Oh, I love you.
Oh, I love you.
I love you.
carnivalband.



The stuff that groove always does.
I will not screw you up.
But there's extreme.
things I know
to be true
that's
death in Texas
and Bob
the sermon tonight
is entitled
Thank God for Satan
you heard me right
Thank God
for Satan
you see friends
as hard as it is to imagine
a lot of folks out there don't know about Bob
there's so many different
religions there's so many
different gods and yet there's only
one Satan
oh he has a thousand names
a thousand synonyms
also pronounced sin-o-names
we've heard them all and yet
they conjure forth only one deity
the anti-deity
the anti-Bob
Beelzebub, Mephistopheles
Lucifer, the devil
Old Scratch, the prince of darkness
the king of the conspiracy
the one and only Satan
simply put friends
no god, least of all Bob
has the name recognition
of Satan
all the gods of the universe
joined together in one legion of doom
still cannot doom the devil
oh they've tried but they couldn't do it
they've tried again and they've failed again
no matter how many different gods we invent
no matter how many different deities we discard
Satan never seems to go away
does he now
he's always there ready for a new contender
and yet
it is this very evil
conspiracy king's same
immortal characteristic
that would deal him his death blow
in the end
and simultaneously elevate Bob
and his disciples skyward
toward the heaven of God
and the heavens
that is why I say to you
thank God for Satan
you see friends
we have to face facts
there is no practical way for Bob's ministry
to keep up with the evil deeds of the dark one
all the combined resources of the subgenie
the underground overmen
the fifth column columnists
the national association of traveling salesmen
and even the exes themselves
could not begin to supply the woman power needed to upstate the world

and bench Satan
but lucky for us
it is through Satan's success
that Bob's word receives ...
now play along with me here moment friends
because I know what I'm talking about
imagine if you would
a slack filled planet
a world without evil
pain nowhere
pleasure everywhere
a world where no one had even heard of the conspiracy
it would be a pretty nice place now wouldn't it
no friends
it would not
it was not
for as it was in the beginning
the beginning, before the conspiracy, before the anti-Bob, before death and taxes, everyone had
slack, but nobody knew how to use it. No one had Bob, and more importantly, nobody wanted him.
It is through our daily suffering that we've come to appreciate Bob and the slack he represents.
Just as cold winter makes us look forward to hot summer, so does the coldness of the conspiracy
make us seek Bob's work. The tighter the conspiracy squeezes its fist, the more subgenies slip right
through his fingers. We should thank the anti-Bob for making Bob's job so easy, so essential, and so
certain. They put Bob in business, and Bob's gonna run them right out of business. The king of salesmen,
the penultimate pitch man, the only con man capable of kicking the conspiracy right in the
kitchen.
When we see the conspiracy at work, being loyal subgenies and faithful followers of Bob,
we should not say woe be to us, but praise be to Bob. The more evil that is enacted,
the earlier the end times are. It's biblical prophecy, friends, being fulfilled. July 5th,
1998, friends. It used to be forever and a day away, but as the night is coming,
1900s come to a close, the conspiracy has a closeout sale on satism. Why? Because it knows
the end is nigh, and through its desperation for more demonic deeds, it necessitates the need for
a new era. Thank you, Satan, for getting us geared up to get down. It's the end of the world, and
we're ready to party. Satan thinks he could depress us with pressure, but instead he delights us with
despair, because we know it's the storm before the calm. Thank you, Satan, for the best of times
by giving us the worst of times. The Great Depression, praise Bob. The Great World Wars,
praise Bob. Hitler's Holocaust, praise Bob. Poison gas, praise Bob. Chemical weapons, praise Bob.
A-bombs, H-bombs, neutron bombs, praise Bob. The AIDS epidemic, the holiday of herpes,
the generation of genital warts, praise Bob, praise Bob.
Praise Bob, you name it, and it's all happening in the end times, friends. Who would have ever
predicted so much hate and so much pain in one century? Why, Bob Dobbs, of course. He predicted
it, and it has come to pass. Now, don't misunderstand me, friends. I'm not saying thank Bob for the
conspiracy. On the contrary, I'm saying, and this is an important distinction, friends, thank the
conspiracy for Bob, for it is the conspiracy for Bob.
The conspiracy that made conditions right for revolution. The conspiracy built the Big Brother
Network to keep tabs on us, but instead picked up Bob's tab for the good old boy network for
spreading his word. The subliminal image of Big Brother on every telescreen gave Bob Dobbs' image
instant credit and complete credibility. We should thank the conspiracy for doing such a wonderful
job at making everyone else's jobs possible.
We should thank Bob for the conspiracy for the
most terrible, even in the darkest, most remote, and removed continent. They may not have heard of Bob, but they damn sure are familiar with the conspiracy, and they already know who they're voting for, the opposition, because after experiencing the conspiracy firsthand, they want to shake Bob's hand.
We're just giving the devil his due, friends. When we thank the conspiracy for buying in advance,
we're all expense paid one-way ticket to Planet X, and that heavenly bliss that we're all gonna enjoy on that journey as we exit with the X's.
Them's are good times that the conspiracy have brought us with our own blood. It's a guarded thank you, but it is a thank you nonetheless, for what does not destroy us destroys them.
So go ahead, anti-Bob, be all's a-bomb.
Say, Tang, make our millennium. Give us your best big bang, because the harder Satan works, the less we have to. And that, my friends, is what slack is all about. Praise Bob! Amen!
Happy smiling Nipple Boy with his industrial dough machine.
Sappy Dappy Nipple Boy never had a mandate to ovulate or lactate.
Back in the morning, you don't know what that means.
Dancing, prancing, nipple boy. Holding up the line at the hardware store. Rubbing shoulders with the hoi polloi. He's never ever shy with a twinkle in his eye. Those nipples are hard to ignore.
Maybe his dough machine has seen some better days. Maybe all his kitchen linoleum starts to peel away.
Maybe there's no special someone at the end of the day. Either way it'll be okay.
Cause nipple boy knows how to squeeze his lemons into.
The milky lemonade.
Mmm, what a groovy looking stereo.
That's my Sears 9235. My pride and joy.
Rise up Navarans.
Avenge the death of our king.
Smell the blackened sperm of Richard Dreyfuss.
Drink the blackened sperm of Richard Dreyfuss.
Music.
Hey nipple boy, what do you know?
I just got back from the nipple pump store.
Hey nipple boy, are you in the mood?
Show if Ava Goda gets completely nude.
Music.

Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Is this a clip? So?
Music.
Music.
Nipple boy's not playing coy.
Got some tips from a guy named Roy.
Nipple boy, his head is in a roll.
Cause today he met his happy little sappy dappy.
Happy Smiler Nipple Girl.
From PR News in Washington, I'm being released today.
Secretary of State John Kerry spoke for six hours.
Afterwards, Kerry told reporters.
Put it that way.
World leaders have been vague about PR News.
They hope to get to the lower level tomorrow.
On Wall Street, 43, 1665, 15, 5.
In New York, officials say all the people reported missing.
Says this is PR News.
And a judge.
Judge.
That van protection predicted rad effect.
To the tripping.
They would have that can you take images.
The Center for Rights said the law was really designed to close the PR News.
However, that can you take.
King ads were going to go to the hospital for Sam.
India has joined the search for the missing peer reports.
The National Archives says the 4,000 pages of reports include drafts of PR News at level two buildings in Washington.
The completeian van protection search for thevation has opened the door to other wet or puddle residences.
Taxi is destroyed in 됭 reck where olmayan決戒.


I'll pick up.
Check out.

So often Luənna and he overload but India say to the fleet to check the
In-ennex could be exchanged between the station workers and business staff.

About.


Telling me what to do.
No, I don't want that federal government coming around here.
And telling me what to do.
Last night some helicopters came a-circling round my barn.
Obama sent the IRS to sodomize my horse.
Don't want the government coming around here.
And telling me what to do.
I don't want none of you city folk.
Oh.
Coming around here.
And telling me what to do.
I don't want no fancy educated New York liberals coming around here.
And telling me what I can do.
They want to steal my rifles and send them to Al Gore.
So he can kill me.
He'll kill a Christian folk with radioactive spores.
He'll confiscate my pickup, turn my daughters into whores.
But first he'll make us bow to Mecca crawling on a horse.
I don't want the federal government coming around here.




And telling me what to do.
I don't want that federal government coming around here.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.


Oh.
Oh.
Oh.

Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Wow.
Oh, man.
Yeah.
The Rudy Schwartz Project new album, Winter Koala Sperm Harvest, that song was called
Coming Round Here.
Before that, we heard his other song, Happy Smiling Nipple Boy.
Yes, indeed.
And it just occurred to Princess Wee and I while we were listening to that that it was
like our Yahoo News comments put to music.
Yes.
It's like the news comments that we copy uncut from after articles and read in stupid voices on the air.
Yes.
Oh.
Oh.
How patriotic.
Okay.
And speaking of patriotic, Father Joseph Mama.
Hello, friends, and welcome.
The sermon tonight is entitled Shine On, Harvest Moon.
Shine On, Harvest Moon.
Now, all the pinks in the audience should listen up to this one because it outlines the how and why of Judgment Day and includes important insider information on the invasion.
I'll begin with the basics.
First and foremost, the death day date, July 5th, 1998.
Now, you probably already know.
I knew that.
But did you know the exact time?
8 p.m.
Now, why 8 o'clock?
For that matter, why July 5th?
The answer, dear friends, is obvious.
July 4th is Independence Day for the normals.
Therefore, July 5th is Independence Day from the normals, by the abnormals.
8 p.m. is when the Harvest Moon rises, and 8 also symbolizes what the Xs will do to the normals.
8 them.
8 all of them, by the millions, raw, cooked, or frozen.
Some will be saved for the home planet, others saved for the trip back to the home planet, but all will be destined for digestion, heart, body, and mind.
This, of course, does not apply to church members.
You see, while the normals are food of the gods, the subgenies are the food servers of the gods.
We're the ones who will round up the mediocre masses and herd the humans like sheep.
We'll command a robot-killing core as well, fully automated land shark ships, killdozers, and soylent green grabbers.
They'll cruise the streets, gobbling up every man, woman, and child fully.
We'll have to even think of escape.
But of course, the joy of the hunt is only half of the fun.
The real entertainment starts when the food preparation begins.
Millions will beg for mercy, but only a few sincere ones will receive anything less than slow and agonizing death.
Did you know that a human being can remain alive and pale on a stake for over 24 hours?
He can.
King Vlad the Impaler proved it time and time again, and history shall repeat itself, but this time with a vengeance.
You see?
Vlad was operating in the Dark Ages.
Just imagine what miracles of science we'll perform with the superior medicine of the Exes.
If we use sterilized stainless steel steaks instead of splittered wood, we could probably keep pinks wiggling on the barbecue spike for weeks on end.
Christians have been telling us for years we had to serve somebody.
Well, now we're ready.
We're ready to serve them.
Rare and well done.
Just think, eating someone raw will take on entirely new connotations.
Now, I know that rotating on a grill over a barbecue is a good thing.

A barbecue or an open flame may not be what some pinko people had in mind for their Fourth of July weekend.
But that's only part of the excitement that awaits you in the End Times.
For those of you that feel somehow cheated, your shroud does have an aluminum lining.
You will die knowing that you served your creator by fulfilling your man-of-feast destiny.
You see, most religions acknowledge that the purpose of animals on this planet is to feed their masters, man unkind.
Well, religions may seem backwards in most things, but it happens to be right.

right on the button on this point. Animals were placed on this earth to feed their masters,
just as man was placed on this earth to feed his masters, the masters of the universe,
the creators of earth and its inhabitants. Yes, they're friends, the excess aliens from
planet 10. The religious fundamentalists were right all along. There is no such thing as
evolution, maybe de-evolution, but certainly not evolution. Man was created, not by chance,
but by a superior guidance from above. You were placed on this planet to swarm and multiply
like microbes in a drop of water, so that eventually you could be harvested and thereby
complete your mission of nutrition. Now, some of you might be saying to yourself, self,
it seems mighty coincidental that the scriptures were so precise in certain respects, and yet
glaringly wrong in others. Well, dear friends, we in the conspiracy business have long observed
there is no such thing as coincidence. It's all part of a matter of fact.
Master Plan! Normals were planted on this planet long ago, with the superior mutants,
that's us, put in charge. We were the chosen ones, the keepers of the curse. It was our job
to play the witch doctor and put the fear of God into the superstitious Neanderthals.
We were equipped with the finest mind control methods in the business, Hinduism, Shintoism,
Judaism, and more. No man would dare rise against us. They're spiritual leaders,
the subgenius curse casters.
But alas, along came the Xylon invaders, not men at all, but evil Axis aliens who reversed the natural order of things.
They installed a conspiracy puppet regime, putting themselves and collaborating normals in charge.
All seemed lost until J.R. Bob Dobbs came to our salvation. Dobbs organized the counter-conspiracy
and re-established contact with the allied aliens of Axis. In a move that stunned the entrepreneurial world,
he resold this pitiful planet right out from underneath the conspiracy.
oh.
Shame on you.

some 7





up
trial
him
all
makes



in that
table
attack
the true son of the gods.
With his superior powers,
he performed miracles to impress the natives.
And once he had their attention,
he preached peace and free love
so they would reproduce like rabbits
and make life more bearable
for the supervising subgenies.
Well, leave it to the pinks
to foul up even the most simple concepts
of love and charity.
Even before Jesus could be picked up
by the mothership,
the conspiracy ripped him to shreds.
They didn't know who was behind
this preacher of peace,
but they knew it damn sure wasn't Big Brother.
So they double-crossed Christ
and let him rot on the cross.
Fortunately, he was only recharging.
And on the third day,
he ascended to the heavens.
But the damage had already been done.
Through the years,
the conspiracy systematically corrupted
virtually every Christian concept
to promote their own agendas
of war, hate, oppression, and intolerance.
But try as they may,
the ignorant fools still can succeed
in dismantling the triggering mechanism
of the Christian world.
The prime ingredient
to the explosive power
behind Christianity,
what we in the church call
the population bomb.
Once the herd reaches
a certain saturation point,
it's harvest time.
And yet, even as the day approaches,
the pinks do nothing
but throw fuel on the fire.
They close down family planning clinics
and try to outlaw abortion.
The blithering fools.
They're falling straight into our trap.
In 1998, they should reach
the magic number,
seven billion pinks.
The horn will blow.
The call to arms will sound.
The exes will descend upon the earth
to liberate us from the pinko parasites.
We will know our exes' allies
by their wings and halos.
But the normals,
they will mistake them as angels.
Most will want to be lifted up to the heavens,
fighting to get ahead in line.
We'll have to track down the clever ones, of course,
but don't worry.
We'll have plenty of backup.
Besides sophisticated killer machines,
we'll also have legions of
dead in our command.
It'll be one big party.
And most of the bozos won't even realize,
until aboard the butcher ship,
that they've been bamboozled
by their very own Bible.
Such is the brilliance of Bob.
Hearing is the word of our praise, Bob.
Amen.
¶¶
This music in the background
is by the Psychoskeletons.
A little ditty.
¶¶
Called Your Life is a Lie.
You can find the Psychoskeletons'
entire albums of stuff
at soundclick.com.
You might just Google the Psychoskeletons,
and likewise for the Rudy Schwartz Project.
¶¶
Ah, yes.
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶

¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶

¶¶
¶¶


¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
Why do you think Kentucky Fried Chicken
and changed their name to KFC.
The signs were a lot cheaper to paint.
You know the real reason, actually, I heard?
Because they wanted to take the word fried out of their name
back when, you know, when, when, you know,
because frying food is not good for you.
Right.
Actually, I heard that they wanted to take chicken out of their name
so nobody could sue them for not actually using chicken anymore.
Urban legend.
Really?
Well, I mean, just ask the PETA people.
They think those are real chickens.
Parts of it, anyways.
You know, if it's got a thigh bone.
They have chicken trees now, don't they,
where it's just a sort of a vegetable-like creature with no head that just...
Yeah, they've gone beyond urban chicken.
A sort of a root chicken and all these chicken breasts and legs and wings.
Meat that grows on trees, actually,
those trees are a very complex symbiotic relationship, actually.
For example, you know, you have to have extra large amounts of nitrogen-fixing bacteria
in the soil there as well, you know,
just to make sure that...
that they can get enough protein from the air.
Well, and they haven't been able to get rid of the skin yet, right?
I mean, they don't have feathers,
but the meaty fruit, as you might call it,
still has this sort of skin.
It's a barky skin.
It's a barky skin that has to be removed.
See, all you've got to do is take a chicken genome
or one of the chicken genomes
and implant it into the tree,
into the primordial cell, the first cell, the original.
They've been doing that for two years now.
Mm-hmm.
That's where most of the chicken in the supermarket comes from,
chicken trees.
Mm-mm-mm.
Somebody else had the idea for cow trees,
but people just couldn't stomach that.
They wouldn't.
Well, you know, that's the kind of tree that, like,
they're saying we should plant more trees to curb the greenhouse effect.
Right.
A cow tree would do the exact opposite.
Right.
They'd be breaking wind and knocking themselves over simultaneously,
and it wouldn't be good for the lobsters.




It wouldn't be good for the hogging industry or any of us.
Hello, you're on the air.
Yeah.
What are you guys talking about?
What's it sound like we're talking about?
We're talking about meat trees.
We're talking about genetic engineering, man,
something that's very important to humanity right now.
You should be paying attention.
What do you mean by meat trees?
We're talking about trees that grow flesh on them.
Haven't you heard?
No, I haven't.
Explain.
You never heard of a chicken tree or a beef tree?
The professors sound kind of quiet, actually.
Well, they are.
They're not allowed to beef trees.
Now, what's the status of the pork tree?
Are we still getting...
They won't make trees with mammal flesh because there's a law in the U.S. against it,
although I understand that in some foreign countries they're about to legalize it.
Legalize it?
Yeah, legalize beef and mutton trees.
Legalize it?
Apparently it's not that hard to do, but...
It's a bit...
They...
A case that the presence of little tiny mouths and eyes and beaks and things here and there
along the branches of the tree freaks people out,
so they don't advertise much that that's the way they do it.
They'll say farm-raised chickens and...
I can't wait until long pig is available.
Well, it already is available for a limited time only at your favorite supermarket,
but it's not real, real long pig.
There were human genomes introduced into the pig so that it has a longish flavor,
but it's not real long pig yet.
Some of those swine are kind of cute.
Well, they have pretty legs.
I don't know how they did it, but they'll have these...
They look mostly like pigs, but their hind legs will look like Betty Grable's gams.
And it's...
It's kind of a shock, you know?
It makes you uncomfortable to look at one of those.
Like, I went to the state fair in Texas where they had some of these new crossbreeds
between humans and farm animals, and...
Well, in some parts of Texas, that just happens naturally.
Right.
Well, on the other...
That happens in parts of Ohio, too.
They look increasingly like pigs, but I'm talking about these genetically engineered pigs,
and...
Those are the only kind I've seen, actually.
Ever.
The pigs that have been...
Have some human...
Because apparently human and beef doesn't...
That combination isn't that tasty, but pork and human are close enough together that...
If you get the human and beef combo, I know some Chinese restaurants that can do it pretty well, actually.
Kind of like the whole Four Seasons dish or whatever, you know?
Yeah.
Junior Chef 750.
Junior Chef 750.
I've been there once in a while, too, but yeah.
Sometimes they're long on the long pig, and sometimes they're a little bit short, but yeah.
It's a taste treat for this time of the year.
Yeah, it makes my mouth water.
I haven't enjoyed it in a while, but I remember.
Mm-mm.
Good.
Turd duck, man.
I wonder why...
I will not eat any food that starts with the word turd.
If they can take the turd duck in and just rearrange the parts.
I don't know that name, then I might be interested.
Like turd key or something, or...
Man pig turd ducking.
With a big apple in his mouth.
I can't believe that they would release that on Unwitting Society.
Can you...
You know, if we thought about it, even in a satirical way,
somebody in Brunei or Saudi Arabia has tried it.
Some...
Or Japan.
Japan.
Some rich dude with the money.
If we think of it, somebody has already tried it.
Well, we should start thinking of things that save our own skins, then.
What about the one...
Well, no, because some other guy will just save his own skin first.
So you gotta...
If you think about it, don't let yourself know you thought about it,
because somebody will steal the idea.
That's...
You gotta keep it secret, even from yourself,
until you're ready to put it right into production.
I was just thinking maybe Ulysses was the...
was the progenitor of the man-pig race,
because wasn't it Circe who was like a pig,
and she was like really hot or something like that?
Did you...
Do you know anything about that, Dr. Sinister?
I know you know a bit of classical literature.
Oh, gosh.
The name sounds familiar, but I can't remember.
Are you talking about the Circe?
Circe?
Circe, the circus?
The Circus Soleil.
No, I'm talking about a pig in mythology,
in mythology,
who...
You know, the sirens used to...
were singing to him,
but a pig did allure Ulysses to some...
No, he would get lured,
and then they would turn him into pigs.
But he killed the swine.
He did kill the swine,
because he knew it wasn't really a hot babe.
I guess he came to his senses and killed it.
That was after he was done with it.
Yeah.
He was...
Yeah, it was like...
Well, how many of us have awakened in that sleazy motel room
and looked over and went,
oh, my God, what was I thinking?
It hasn't happened to me,
but how many of us has it happened to?
Raise your hands.
I don't know.
You're asking...
How many of you wish it would...
at least that much would happen to you?
If only that would happen to me.
I don't care how much regret I have afterwards.
I just want it to happen once.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.

Ha, ha, ha, ha.



Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.

Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I awakened on the couch to the flaring reverberation of a monstrous stereo that had played all night long.
A little stale cigarette set up to attempt to focus on my immediate surroundings.
Garbage, garbage, cigarette butts, cigarette butts, dope trays, dope trays, needles and albums were strung about with clothes anchored deep on the floor.
I reached forward to begin consuming one of the leftover untouched drinks when I noticed the television set was on.
I almost turned it off, but something said watch it.
I looked at my life. It means nothing anymore.
Do you hear me? It means nothing anymore.
I sat there transfixed and battling with myself and the devil.
Further to make an altar right there in front of that TV set.
Finally I declared to myself that I couldn't make it on my own.
I had to do it on my own.
I turned to somebody bigger than me.
My previous dope dealer.
Listen to this. Listen to this.
Listen to this.
God has told me that your parents or anyone else who tells you what to do is the devil and you ought to shout right back at them.
No, I'm not a Christian. I'm not a Christian.
I don't have anything to do with that. I'm not a Christian.
I want to say it so plain that a two-year-old child will understand me.
Be vocal. Be loud.
Be concise and be clear.
I don't care who you are.
You ought to shout right back at them.
It's a cover-up. It's a sham. It's a facade.
There is no God. Man is God.
Yes, I know. Yes, I know.
There is no God. Man is God.
Yes, I know. Yes, I know.
Yes, I know.
No, I'm not a Christian. I'm not a Christian.
No, I don't own it.
Christian. A Christian. A Christian.
Held up to the American public as...
That which is good and noble,
when in reality it is dirty, degrading, filthy, and rotten.
You'd better take a strong look, mister,
at where you're going to church.
And would that be the church of the subgenius, my friend?
Would you come into the arms of Bob,
the church of the subgenius,
the antidote to all placebos?
Would you now?
No.
That was...
That cut-up music,
was done by Reverend Gore Don Truby,
who used to be in a band called the Dancing Cigarettes.
Exceedingly ancient subgeniuses would remember them
from Hour of Slack in the 80s.
And the preacher there, of course,
was the great Jimmy Swaggart, Reverend Jimmy Swaggart,
who I considered to be sort of the Mick Jagger of TV evangelists.
I think he was more sincere than most,
and that made him all the more twisted.
And we'll let the psycho skeletons take us out on a date.
That should be relatively un...
Can you imagine going on a date with a skeleton?
No.
Like Skeleta, our friend over at Monster High.
But let's not get into that.
Go on, go on, let's do this!
It's a boy and he's a girl
I'm all out ofซ

Seriously...
Say it one last time?
Go!
Where are we?
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
