And now, something only you would like.
You know, it's interesting about the 60's revolution, cultural revolution,
which ran here through Europe in the 70's from Franco-Ride,
and when Salazar was in Portugal-Ride, one after one, as these tight, old,
geriatric Cold War dictatorships loosened up, up popped this new spirit.
What was it? It wasn't anti-communist, it wasn't communist, but it was it.
How could you describe it? It was the Chinese spirit.
We will now listen to Aristotle wishy-washy, word-touting,
sicklemen get forficulate smartish.
Well, my friends, you've got religion here today.
I don't need God!
You now take control of your life.
Video hypnosis plus audio and video subliminal suggestions for ultra-monotonic success.
I don't need God!
All I need is an amiibo.
All I need is an amiibo.
All I need is an amiibo.
All I need is an amiibo.
Do you believe in God?
Do you believe in God?
Do you believe in God?
I don't need God!
I don't need God!
I don't need God!
God.
I was just thinking on the way down here,
just all these black Sabbath stories
that I had in my head.
S?
Oh, no, not the Venusian deal
or the Coca-Cola death thing.
Oh, don't tell them about the cancer deal
and the ovens fired with galactic hydrogen
or the Nova Express.
Oh, fiddle, faddle.
Hi, everyone.
This is Bell Burrows.
And when I'm not shooting apples off her head,
I put on my radio shorts and listen to...
Bob?
Bob?
Oh, Jack?
When the little red moon rolls across the low asphalt skies
that stretch from the ocean in Point Pleasant, New Jersey
to the western surf at El Granada Beach,
don't you know that Pooh Bear is a pervert
and Dean Mortadella's a three-day-old sandwich?
An old sandwich, man, an old sandwich.
Hello, everyone. This is Jack Kerouac.
When I'm not laying around on Mom's couch
and she's not talking to me,
I'm not enlarging my liver.
I listen to...
The Subgenius Hour of Slack.
Neil?
That's the stupidest thing I ever heard.
I don't know what the hell you're talking about.
Hi, this is Neil Cassidy,
and when I'm on the bus sniffing glue,
I'm being a fictitious character.
I, uh, I, I...
I don't know what the hell you're talking about.
The Subgenius Hour of Slack
that you are about to listen to.
is specially designed only to be played on radio station
and only in the city of...
Here is your host...
Thank you so very much.
Thank you for that introduction.
And really, it's great to be here.
Thank you so very much.
This bass is good for the soul.
The bass is good for the soul.
This bass is good for the soul.
Rock this bass.
Rock. Rock this bass.
Rock this bass.
This bass is good for the soul.
We're going to take a quick break.
We'll be right back.
Look, fooled you, Merle.
That's not real horse manure.
That's new fragmented.
I can't believe it's not horse manure.
Looks like, grows like, smells like, and tastes like real horse manure,
but with only half the feces.
Here, try some.
You're right.
This tastes just great.
Fooled you again, Merle.
That was real horse manure, you old cork soaker, you.
You?
Yee-hoo!
Ha-ha!
Yuck, yuck, yuck, yuck.
I can't believe it's not horse manure.
Fools even the finnickest connoisseur.
Hello and welcome once again to the Heaven or Hell Coin Toss,
the game show where your eternal condition is decided not by being born
again.
Or good or bad deeds, but by a simple toss of a coin.
I'm your host, Don Drysdale, after the shower.
Let's drag out our first contestant on the Heaven or Hell Coin Toss,
E-C-Zone.
Get your hands off me!
Get these chains off me!
Let me go!
I see E-C-Zone is psyched and ready to play the Heaven or Hell Coin Toss.
Let's begin.
God sure moves in mysterious ways.
Let's flip that coin.
It's flipping and now it falls.
It's going to be tails.
That's right.
Go straight to hell.
Do not pass purgatory.
Do not collect 200 venial sins.
The evil of heaven.
The devil arrives, who hasはい
I'm decir I arriving is approaching from hell and heaven.
I am coming from hell and this is heaven and heaven.
3, 2, 1
3, 2, 1
3, 2, 1
3, 2, 1
3, 2, 1
3, 2, 1
9, 9, 9, 9
2, 0, 5
5, 5, 0
5, 5, 0
2, 0
4, 1
3, 2
2, 0
4, 1
3, 2
4, 9
6, 0
8, 2
4, 9
6, 0
1, 2, 1
2, 0
1, 2
3, 2
7, 1
1, 2
3, 2
4, 0
1, 0

1, 0
1, 0

0, 1

no
no

no
no
no
no
Ouch!
Reach the end of the hole...
again...
Jeff's been down a lot of shells...
I sweep around let me know
And when I can hear those shots they pop...
it's...
A FRIENDSHIP!!!
trying to sing.
He's drowning off the side of the show there.
Just push him off the side of the show.
Is this an outboard show or an inboard show?
Let's let Dennis throw it away and Marina Del Rey,
and we'll talk about what we're going to do with this church.
And when Dr. Duell leaves, how much of the church is he going to take back with him for security?
And this is very important because Green Hill is one of the most secure areas for church business.
Although it can't rock the church almost quicker than anywhere on earth.
That's true.
You have to crush them to keep cleaning it.
You have to pack silica gel around your church down there.
It just melts into a big, soggy religious mess right in front of you on the bed.
It's difficult.
All over this air.
Boy, a few more of those and we get off the air.
And that's where you send your answers to this quiz.
And the pinks shall be separated from their checkbooks that, yea, verily,
they have fallen upon them and mated on them on the greens of the country.
And given forth hideous monsters.
Government lies.
Really?
Bob told me my game down here would be easier on me, but I don't know.
Oh Bob, oh Bob, oh Bob.
This is not the way I expected it to be.
Hey Dobbs, I didn't...
Mr. Dobbs, sir.
Hey Mr. Dobbs, I didn't ask for this here, this here chain gang work in Malaysia.
Mr. Dobbs, I...
Why do I have to suffer?
Oh Mr. Dobbs, I didn't want to be here.
Maybe you're well or you're not then.
And here we are with a little caller.
Hello caller.
Hello caller.
Hello.
How are ya?
I am surviving.
Well, that's good to hear caller.
Well, how are we? It's a beautiful day.
It's a beautiful day in my neighborhood.
You're right it is.
Hello caller.
Hello caller.
Is this something that I can attempt to communicate with someone?
Oh!
Against their very destiny.
Hot and steamy early morning hours.
Sparsely evidenced is in your brain now.
Going up the little canals.
Up to what used to be filled with blood are now filled with fat.
This continues to grow, to grow.
Show extender filling each of your veins, your arteries, your mind, your idea areas.
Filling the cassettes stuffed way back in the...
We're looking at the...
Dusty corridors of your cortex.
A thousand copyrights all mine of course, except for the small places that are other people's.
And...
That's why I was groggy when I got up.
Because that's about eight shows.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine.
Nine, ten shows.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight tenbro.
Whether it's your first relating life experience, whether it's a real one.

Sending news today that biraz critique like that is something like the makeda of crime fiction and is obviously there to be outcr erste circle authorities that managed to put these tecnologia Heritage Channel across the both sides of the超觔
They were also immediately going to prevent y'alliving me with my gift of a gavel.
Yet what they're able to do is lived out but this big rejection is showing up in the course of poetry this week on TV now.
Two years ago I was feeling tenderly cold as March 29 and P elevate Twitter gives me the strength to look under pressure for commence by April 1 on the Idol not of who I am because we're out supposed to take place here.
Another eight shows and maybe work already on Wednesdays and feet away from the Gilmore Heights.
Thank you.
Hallelujah! Praise the Lord! Amen!
Son, don't praise him around here, my son.
With that breath, anything that comes out of your mouth will be sacrilegious.
Hey, all you born-agains with bad-again breath,
if your breath is demonically possessed,
here's the mint that will give your breath that heavenly smell.
New Testaments!
Yes, New Testaments has godsend,
that miracle material that melts melodious mouths momentarily.
Just pop one on your speaking tongues
and feel the redemptive powers of New Testaments
as it redeems your breath from slacking
and gets your teeth pearly-gate white.
So then, no matter what comes out of your mouth, it'll be all right.
Ah, darn! Jesus cripes!
I left my effing sin!
Legs in the pew!
Hey, listen to that blasphemon now, will ya?
Yeah, but with that great sweet-swellin' breath,
anything that comes out of his mouth will be all forgiven.
New Testaments!
Don't let your breath stop you from getting to heaven.
BETO O'ROURKE
MONDAY 9 kanonets
revoits only
to the
kill it cut it off pull out turn it on push forward get even lower
that's where i'm gonna do
it
okay stop the pause for peace not dead cut it off kill it kick in pull out turn it on
kick out push forward get even lower
that's where i'm gonna do it
kick his butt that's where our government does well you've heard the evidence it's a
wonderful system of government you and i have the decision is up to you now
okay stop all right apparently we have lost our signal
dying on the cross
his name was daddy tom he tried to have a little fun
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you














you you
call the jesus
Just a second ago we heard Jesus Was a Leprechaun by Snake Finger.
And next...
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶

¶¶
¶¶

¶¶
¶¶
¶ What do you think would happen if I sat outside your door? ¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶

¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶

¶¶
¶¶
¶¶







¶¶

¶¶
¶¶

¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
The sun will be in the middle of the closing doors
Black things lurking in the back of your mind
It's over the window, look in the eyes
I'm in a good, good thousand soul
Just believe, you cannot be changed
You're the one you'll never know
You're one of the gone and never come home
But you're a beast in my eyes
Hello. In any right-thinking country, you need a special police force
to make sure the people follow the correct traditional family values.
To make sure people stand for and sing the Pledge of Allegiance at sports games.
To make sure that people who don't fly the flag do.
To make sure America's citizens back and believe their leaders 100%.
If you're a true American patriot and think people unlike you are revolutionary,
then join SIMPOL.
Yes, SIMPOL. The Symbolism Police.
No formal education necessary.
We actually prefer people with no education.
They make the best symbolism police
because of their uncompromising patriotism
and their fervor to follow any law or leader, hands down.
There will be lots of work for the symbolism police in the future
as the far-right Supreme Court changes the Bill of Rights to the Bill of What's Left.
You don't.
You need freedom.
You have symbols of freedom.
Start a neighborhood SIMPOL. Now!
It's wonderful to be able to experience this.
This modern battlefield is very lethal.
It's an exciting thing to be out here.
I feel euphoric.
You're gonna use military force. Use a lot of it. Quickly.
That is the way you use it. Do it right away.
Hit hard. Hit fast. Hit often. Hit early.
You can't go in half-stepping.
Cut. Cut.
Cut that country in two. Cut. Cut that very fast.
Cut that very, very hard. Cut that very, very, very, very hard.
It's gonna be violence. Very, very violent.
Very, very, very fast. Very, very hard.
Cut. Cut that fast.
Can't go in half-stepping.
War is conflict with blunt instruments.
War is just easy. War is just misinformation.
There's always misinformation in the initial reports.
We're all going to have to rally.
We're all going to have to rally. We're all going to have to rally.
We're all going to have to rally around the flag.
Rally around the flag.
That is truly scary.
You might want to remember, too, that in a few seconds you may not exist.
Mommy, Daddy, I'm afraid. I'm scared.
Well, I try not to really think about it a lot.
In a way, I got to say, good job.
You know, a good on-campaign is like a sore tooth.
You know, it's got to come out.
And even though it's painful, it's got to come out. You know?
This is continuing coverage of the Gulf War.
Military action can take place at any moment.
Midnight.
In less than a minute it will be midnight.
Midnight.
Big question, what happens now?
Midnight.
We can only imagine what that means.
The midnight deadline passed quietly at the White House.
There was a steady drumbeat.
I have a statement by the President of the United States.
The liberation of Kuwait has begun.
In conjunction with the forces of our coalition partners,
the United States has moved under the code name Operation Desert Storm
to enforce the mandates of the United Nations Security Council.
As of 7 o'clock p.m.,
Eastern Standard Time,
Operation Desert Storm forces were engaging targets in Kuwait and Iraq.
President Bush will address the nation at 9 o'clock p.m. tonight from the Oval Office.
Real war, real death, real wounds, real pain.
The most violent day, they say, in the history of war here.
Quote, more successful than we imagine. Close quote.
We can only imagine what that means.
Watching CNN mesmerized by what we've seen and what we've heard.
Real death.
We expect more from the, on the, we expect more from, noting as we must, that it was Iraq.
And, and, noting from the, as we must, that it was Iraq.
And, and, noting as we must, that it was Iraq.
I think you got another smash.
Warning, danger.
Insert the short handle.
What do you want, do you mind?
I am a sick man.
A victim of a delusion.
The most passionate love story ever told.
And here's the transition to chaos.
The art of it all is how he brings together the noise and the music.
I'm a very short-haired dog.
I'm a very light-headed dog.

I'm a very light-headed dog.

I'm a very light-headed dog.
Come in and have some fun.
Hit it, boys.
Go!
.
.
.
.

.
.
.


.



.

That was quite an attraction.
.

.

.
Howdy, y'all.
This is Tiger Man Solitaire, the urban connoisseur,
bringing you a show this week.
Welcome to the new Urban Street Game Show.
People are funny, smelly.
The game now, I'm the host of this show for one week.
Y'all know I got an interesting mile-long career,
but we ain't going to talk about me.
We're going to get right down to our new Urban Game Show.
And since I got a lot of expertise on the street, I know where to hide.
This is a game show where we track down foul, foul-smelling street people
and see who can get the closest to them.
Now, you know the rule.
Someone, something similar to name that tuna.
You know, I can name that tuna in such and five notes type of BS.
Okay, here we go.
Ed G., that's my first contestant.
You're number one. Go ahead, Ed G.
Dig! I can get two blocks from him.
Okay.
Okay.
Al G., it's your turn.
I can get a block from him.
I can get two liquor stores from him.
I can get across the street rolling.
I can get ten feet of him upwind.
I can get nine feet from him downwind.
Al G., I can walk by him.
Ed G., walk by him.
Whoo-wee!
I didn't know God beggar down his brain.
Only a damn fool tried to get that close to that smelly old bum.
By the way, the winner of People of Frontage Mellon this week
get a week's supply of Tonka Man Solitaire's Presidential Open Pit Bull Barbecue Sauce.
Bad dogs beware.
That's right.
Because a loser, the loser get a year's supply of Old DeBum Pete.
Look at here.
Ed G., getting pretty close to him.
He moving up on your man here.
Uh-oh.
I can see Ed G.'s eye really starting to water hard.
Now, he really bad.
His breath coming in short gas now.
He looks like a dog.
He's going to pass out.
Okay, he done for.
He just turned whiter than KKP Marshall.
Bad form, man.
Bad form.
Okay, he weeping.
He wobbling.
He down.
Ed G. down.
That's right.
He passed out on some old newspaper.
DeBum notice him now.
Wait, wait, wait.
DeBum is starting to notice him.
What's that damn fool doing?
Oh, my God.
He pulling his zipper down.
Ah, yes.
When I want to turn heads of cabbage into mutant femmes in heat,
I dose myself with Old DeBum Pete.
Nothing attracts girls with no noses like a whiff of Old DeBum Pete.
Old DeBum Pete is made from urine extracted from bums.
But not just any bum.
Older bum.
Mature bum.
Only the ripest bums can get to be Old DeBum Pete bums.
And now you can get a sample of Old DeBum Pete.
For free.
That's correct.
Free.
No charge whatsoever.
Simply bring a newspaper and wear used articles of clothing
and hide in one of our conveniently located collection sites
near soup kitchens, dives, flophouses, and especially alleyways.
Especially the dead in Dallas.
Cover yourself with a newspaper and wait.
It won't be long before you get your free sample of Old DeBum Pete.
And now for a limited time, if you hurry, you can also get the freshness of a mad bouquet absolutely free.
So make your statement.
And don't bother to hurry.
Supplies are unlimited.
Old DeBum Pete.
It doesn't get any more natural than this.
Old DeBum Pete.
Old DeBum Pete.








Thank you. Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
I know that all of you, as well as the rest of America,
have been glued to your television sets.
We are indeed impressed with what we see on television.
I say watch.
Televations.
It does work.
Televations says, always get the job done.
I say televisions says, start getting the job done today.
I say...
Watch live television on television sets today.
Television, it does work.
Television sets always get the job done.
I just punched up one, and I'm opening...
Should we zoom in?
So it's best to go back to two.
That's it.
Okay, now watch that reading.
Watch the needle on five now.
Watch this.
Which is the switch to get it out?
Okay, there we are.
What is the real dope on the cortex bond problem anyway?
Oh, you find yourself with...
Stop, stop, stop, stop.
Oh, there's stop, stop.
Oh, little stop, stop.
Stop stop bomb mine, yeah.
Stop stop bomb mine.
Stop stop bomb mine, oh there pop stop bomb a time.
What if you punch two up?
Like, like, like...
Stop, stop.
Talk about stop stop.
Yes, you can see two at once.
When you see three, punch a third and you'll see the numbers.
Da da da, da da da da da...
Da da da, da da da, da da da, da da da, da da, da da, da da, da da, da da da da, da da.
Da da da da da da da dark stock
Oh dark stock, oh little bit of dark stock
Little tiny naked dark stock
Little stinky slimy dark stock
You are the dark stock of my dreams
You're the dark stock on which I creep
You're the dark stock of my pfft
You're the dark stock
With my knife I'll cut
I'm gonna be lickin' and a stickin' and a nickin' and a flickin'
Carvin' up the body of dark stock with my pocket knife
Hee ha!
Wee hee hee hee hee hee
Oh dark stock!
Cap cap cap cap ho ho ho
Woo hoo hoo hoo
Woo hoo hoo hoo
Talkin' bout you, I'm talkin' bout her
I'm talkin' bout them, I'm talkin' bout
Talkin' bout her, I'm talkin' bout them
Talkin' bout ma ha ha ha
Ga ha ha ha ho
A ha yo ya yi ya yi ya
A ya yo ya ya ya ya
Ah a ya
A y a
Hoo
I don't see any of this movie at all
No you haven't
Don't let it get above 4.7
Uh
Here I'll string these back down a little bit
I've seen the overloading
Well you should put a
You shouldn't
Instead of
Ah
There it is. It's about 4.6 now. Is that right?
Yes, but dissolution occurred at 4.5.
Oh, yeah?
Can I borrow one of your etch-a-scenes?
Uh, sure.
You got the don't-fool hair.
You got the don't-fool hair.
Who cares?
Yeah, some say it's better.
Some prefer Jones, actually.
Yeah, we're just right out here.
The streets of San Francisco.
Look at that guy do it.
Are you for Smith?
Or are you for Jones?
Yes, I am.
You for what?
I said, yes, I am.
Oh, you're for Jones.
That's right.
I put the heart in myself.
So, join us today and boycott the new Stark fist.
The pink fist, bad, old fist, good.
Liver.
That's a genius.
I spit all over myself doing that.
What did a man have to do to get a little proper?
Come around here.
Well, here this last half of the program.
First, we heard the boingos and something isn't right.
The symbol police piece performed by Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
And a little bit more of defense entertainment technologies.
Our old friends OBE doing Victims of Delusion and Wacko Wacko.
A little bit from that amazing Lookout Miami tape.
Lonesome Cowboy Dave again doing The People Are Funny, Smelling.
And a little bit of Philodrum and a whole bunch of other stuff.
I want to read something we got in the mail from the Special Righteousness Committee.
And I will give you their address.
They're in Portland, Oregon, which is relevant because perhaps some of you,
those of you who follow things like politics,
made note of Measure No. 9 recently, which failed in the state of Oregon.
I was up for a vote this month as I read this.
And that Measure No. 9 was,
well, here it is, quote, unquote.
Measure No. 9 amends Constitution.
Government cannot facilitate, must discourage homosexuality, other behaviors.
All governments in Oregon may not use their monies or properties
to promote, encourage, or facilitate homosexuality, pedophilia, sadism, or masochism.
So the Special Righteousness Committee, again addressed to Fox,
published the following argument in the general voters pamphlet,
the space for which they bought for $300.
And that is the statement which they sent us in which I'm going to read to you now.
Now this was an argument in favor that was sent to the state of Oregon.
And this was published.
Argument in favor.
According to the book of Leviticus in the Bible,
oyster eating, crossbreeding cattle, shaving a beard,
wearing clothing made of...
mixed fibers,
cursing one's parents,
and adultery are just as immoral as homosexuality.
If the OCA's No Special Rights Committee
wants to take one of the 3,000-year-old laws of ritual holiness from Leviticus
and put it into the Bill of Rights in the state constitution,
they should at least be sincere enough to put all the rest of Leviticus into the constitution as well.
Simple matter of respect for these historic laws to treat them consistently.
We at the Special Righteousness Committee are just as offended
by the OCA's no special rights committee as we are by the state constitution.
Oyster eating, shaving, and mixed fibers.
As the OCA is offended by homosexuality,
and we have just as much right as the OCA does
to change the state constitution to require government discrimination
against people whose behavior we don't like.
My friends, do you want the public schools teaching your children
that shaving is a legitimate and equal alternative style to a normal and healthy beard?
Would you want to be forced to hire an oyster eater to direct your church choir?
Adam and Eve wore fig leaves.
100% fig leaves.
And this is divine proof that these disgustingly unnatural cotton polyester blends are sinful.
And when the OCA was analyzing the threat to traditional family values,
we don't know how they managed to overlook adultery.
Why, there's a lot more adultery than homosexuality going on out there,
and extrapolations from OCA statistics show that 90% of the people
who have engaged in sexual perversions are heterosexual.
Or straight.
This state condones adultery.
By not punishing it with death, as required by Leviticus.
It promotes oyster eating by licensing seafood restaurants,
and it allows people to take mixed fibers out of the closet
and to flaunt them right out in public without being fired or evicted.
The state is encouraging sin.
If the OCA can have the special right to make their personal moral agenda into public policy,
then anyone else should be able to amend the state bill of rights
to eliminate basic human rights for people who they don't like.
My friends, let's put all of Leviticus into the picture.
The Constitution.
A yes vote is the first step in facilitating our militant moral agenda.
Agree with us, or burn in hell.
Signed, Special Righteousness Committee, P.O. Box 1851, Portland, Oregon 97207.
And now the contendering dope opera as the world order turns.
Last week, George told Barbara Ronnie was pregnant with Nancy's baby,
who ran away with Jim to the Baker's.
George eavesdropped on Bill, who was listening in on Dan,
who was tapping Al's phone, who was eavesdropping on George.
Sodom moved to Beverly Hills with a movie deal while the Ayatollah remained dead.
A family values stop speech stop.
Dan cheated on his wife, drove drunk, and didn't buy his kids anything.
As for the GOP, they found a domestic agenda.
They're going to hire everybody as domestic.
Now, a preview as, as the world order turns.
Deliah Kulka has to come in the back door.
I don't want that Mexican free trade delegation seeing him here.
Barbie, Barbie, barb...
But Georgie, that's not he.
That's one of the Hangar 19 aliens.
And I, and I, I don't know.
I'm having an affair with it.
And, and it's baby too.
Alien, alien.
Better get immigration after him.
See if he has a green card.
Did Dan call?
He did.
And I'm having his baby too.
That's, that's what's great about America.
I'm having a baby too.
It's what family values is all about.
Choice.
And I'm getting an abortion.
No, no, no.
George.
Oh, no.
Ladies and gentlemen, the President of the United States.
We will, we will rock you.
We will, we will rock you.
Some may ask, why rock out now?
The answer is clear.
These are the times that rock men sold.
I instructed our military commanders to totally rock back then.
And I repeat this here tonight.
We will, we will rock you.
We will, we will rock you.
We will, we will rock you.

I think that we just have another satellite cross paths.
Not long enough for that's the sound of video tape being rewound.
We will, we will rock you.
We will, we will rock you.
And let me say to everyone listening in Washington, may God continue to rock our nation.
The United States of America.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Man, this would be a hell of a job if I didn't have so many bosses and customers and workmates.
This would be a great job if all I had to do was have this company all to myself.
I wish I could just cash in the company, take the cash, and fuck everybody.
You know? I'll cash the company in.
It's worth like 650 million dollars or something.
Cash it in, tell all the advertisers,
Fuck you! Get your own damn ad, your own book, make a publication.
Keep the money, start an evil empire full of demons and occult references.
Make it into a worldwide universal religion.
The use of which I can then, through the use of which I can overthrow
the government.
The world.
That's not asking much.
650 million may not be enough.
You mean about 40, 50 billion.
Yeah.
Maybe a trillion.
As long as I wish, I wish I had a trillion dollars.
Buy my own country and make myself a dictator.
Fuck everybody!
That's what I'd do, man.
If only I had a trillion dollars.
None of this, none of this other than this hundred dollars,
this thousand dollar stuff, no way.
I want a trillion and nothing.
A trillion and me-
hundred dollars.
Is it too much to ask?
To have just a measly little old trillion bucks?
Is it too much?
I guess.
Hmmmm.
Ooh.

Locked in for continued tracking.
Navy returning lawn chairs to quivering, palpitating flesh.
Shop owner shaken made jettison unimportant, ephemeral nobodies.
They are nuisances, plain and simple, that's all.
KPFA, Reloader survives gigantic those benighted experiments before it's too late.
Prunes, illegal aliens find bad homes, accomplishments, and so forth.
Especially all over your face.
So, Princess and the P test.
Once upon a time in a plutocracy, a long time today,
there was a King George.
He was a bad king, but he was even worse when he was running drugs to other kingdoms.
Sadly, King George got high on his own supply,
and this made him very cross at times,
especially to his loyal subjects, who he was sure were trying to kill him,
or not elect him, as the case may be.
One day, he hit upon a great idea.
The kingdom would supply drugs to his subjects,
and then pass laws, making anyone who got caught with drugs
enemies.
And, as enemies of the kingdom, King George could confiscate everything the subject owned,
and put the subject into slave labor prison.
This he did.
But, he wasn't getting enough confiscations.
One day, during one of his month-long tears, he had another brilliant idea.
He passed an edict saying all his subjects must submit their urine to be analyzed,
to see if they had ever used drugs.
If they had ever used drugs, everything they had would be his.
This way, as supplier of drugs, and enforcer of draconian drug laws,
he had his loyal subjects right where he wanted them,
between a rock and hard time.
Which brings us to the princess.
A white Anglo-Saxon princess.
Her name was Juanita Epstein.
She was an average princess who liked to party an average amount.
Then, one middle of the night, there came loud, rude knocks on her door.
She was whisked away, and immediately,
brought before King George, she had to take a pee test.
Now, with everyone looking and leering, this upset the princess,
because she had just smoked some plant a few days ago.
Obediently, she squatted down, and tried to fill the cup with her sample.
Then, with a trembling hand dripping with urine,
she handed the sample to the king, who was by now quite aroused.
Knowing her bodily functions had betrayed her, and she had nothing to lose,
with the other hand, she withdrew a firearm.
And shot the king five times.
For the people!
She cried, as the kingdom's goons ripped her apart.
After this episode, another king took over, who was even worse.
King Dan.
He would sell arms to foreign countries, and then fight wars with them.
And everybody lived happily, never after.
Well, thanks again.
I can't thank you enough, Philip Glass, for being here in the studio with us tonight.
Well, way back there, what was it?
Good old lonesome cowboy Dave, with that Bush soap opera,
and the Princess and the Pea test.
And then we heard Philodrumon making what I personally thought
was a not unreasonable request for a lot of money.
And...
we wind this particular hour of Slack down for...
down for a night.
And we want to thank you all so much for all your wonderful cards,
and letters, and phone calls, and...
Yeah, we were... we were on...
President Bush tonight, but we're not gonna have much chance,
and we'll be on Clinton, don't you worry.
Uh, that old thing here about Rendon Stimpy I was gonna tell you about, but...
don't have time, but, uh, it's, you know...
The news is bad, so, you know, forget about it.
Leave it out.
But, you know, it's fun, that's just the way it works.
It's good and bad, we lose Rendon Stimpy, but we still got the Simpsons, and...
you know, we've got that big fat load, Rush Limbaugh,
but on the other hand, we... we in Dallas now have Howard Stern,
so I think it's what Bob takes away with one hand, he gives back with the next, and...
to give, uh...
to get that hand from Bob,
or at least one of the fingers,
just write to Bob at P.O. Box 140306
in the city of Dallas, the state of Texas.
75214, that's Bob, P.O. Box 140306 in Dallas, Texas.
Praise Bob, thank you for listening, and be here at your station next week.
Praise Bob.
That's right!
Coming up this fall of Western Civilization,
it's radio shorts, scam arts, brain rats, cartoon excess!
Chugging into your what-a-way-to-make-a-living-room!
Radio cartoons like you've never heard them and probably won't ever will again!
We've got radio cartoons for everybody, like you, Dad!
How about a cartoon about a playboy,
Bunny,
model with the crabs, you got it, Bugs Bunny!
And Mom, you'll get the best in kiddie porn with...
He Licks the Cat!
He licks the cat!
The wonderful, wonderful cat!
Whenever he needs a fix,
he boinks his cat's bull tricks!
Be on the listen for Heckle, Jekyll, and Hyde,
by day, fun-lovin' magpies,
by night, rude, coot, lewd, shrewd dudes.
Hey, E. Rocky! Watch me put a rabbi out of my hat!
Aw, that trick never works.
This time, for sure! Presto!
Hey, that's me!
No, no, a moose?
You heard correctly.
It's E. Rocky and Bullwinkle with Boris Chalkanoff and Roochstaffa!
Woo!
Gee, my hoos, you know how shrewd you can be!
I think Ranger Smith's karma's bad.
I wish you'd maybe rip him apart.
We're bears, Yogi, not the Beatles.
Hey, hey, hey, hey! Little Boo Buddha!
Don't let bad energy vibes
Rube your sublime state of consciousness!
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!
Give Ranger Smith a chance
You will see he's intrinsically on a different level of thought
And hence his actions
Should provoke in you a spirit of peace
And tranquility
With your emotional well-being!
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!
Gee, my hoos, you know how shrewd you can be!
What's the metaphysical aspects of pick-a-lick baskets?
There's more.
You've heard of Tom and Jerry?
Well, we got Uncle Tom and Jerry Falwell.
We've got the scummy bears,
the I-don't-care bears in Woody Woodpeckerwood.
That's Cartoon Access, coming this fall
of Western Civilization on radio stations
and everywhere.
It's about the movie



Hey there!
What a wonderful party!
Yeah!
It's a good party as usual.
It's just, like, it's very glossy, right?
Thank you very much. You have just proved my point.
Oh, please, mister.
Oh, please, mister. Please, mister. Please, mister. Please, mister. Please, mister.
We won! Because everything counts when you're building a house.
Even if it was Tiger's fault.
Oh, please, mister.
