Praise Phil!
Next.
Well, friends, it's true.
Robert Wisdom probably has the best musical taste of anybody at this whole station.
But unfortunately for all of you, he's leaving and I'm coming in.
I'm going to say more about that Caravan of Dreams thing, too.
That's going to open with a short subgenius devival, dear friends.
Yes, indeed.
I need to stick my headphones.
This coming up is just to make a break here from the quality stuff.
This is the worst song in the world, I suspect.
Maybe not.
There may be worse, but yes.
So where did it go?
Where did it go?
Why don't I hear it?
Tape.
Look at this.
Well, folks, I'm sorry.
I just don't know what the...
Oh, look at that.
We turn up the output.
We're stepping up.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Let's do that time step and dance.
Dance to the music of stepping high.
Stepping high, high in the sky.
We will dance.
We will sing to please you.
You are stepping high, high, baby.
But don't forget that I am here.
You know that it is showtime.











And it is your time.
And show must go on, baby.
Come with me.
And you will see.
We are stepping high.
What is that?
What is the name of our show?
Stepping High.
Stepping.
High.
High, high.
Now, boys and girls, let's see if we can dance to the rhythm of stepping, leap把它

Stepping high, stepping, hey, now, stand still.






If you are ready, let's go and dance
Let's do that time step and dance
Dance to the music of stepping high
What did I tell you, folks?
Isn't that thing horrible?
And what a great intro song for the hour of slack.
You know, I don't know who did that.
I taped it off a similar station like this in New Jersey.
But yes, indeed, dear friends,
you have tuned in to the subgenius radio ministry
hour of slack here on KNON 90.9 FM
in Dallas, Arlington, Fort Worth.
I couldn't believe I was in Fort Worth earlier today
and could hear the station on my phone.

My cheesy car radio.
That was an inspiring thing to discover.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
This is another one of those slackless hours of slack.
That job, that job just won't stop.
They never stop, friends.
Oh, yes, but the power can come for one hour a week.
And, yeah, as I said,
just signing off last week, folks,
we were lying about not making any money on that pledge drive.
We actually did really well.
I couldn't believe it.
We raised about a thousand bucks.
And I want every, those of you who pledged
had better make good on that thing.
Buddy, I'm telling you, because last time I didn't.
Ugh.
Tonight's show is going to be a puzzling evidence show.
Folks.
.
And photos of.
.

.
.
.




.
.
And yes, indeed, we had some incredible fallout from that last show, that Pledge Drive show.
I know many of you are waiting to hear what happened with my date with the $200 sex change pledger.
It didn't happen. Praise Bob. Praise Bob. It didn't happen. There was no way it was going to happen.
And I don't think we ever did see that mighty $200 pledge.
So maybe we didn't really make a thousand, but we did really good.
And thank you, the money-paying listeners out there.
Oh, yes. And boy, we had a hate caller that kept calling all night long.
He refused to turn his radio off. He just had to listen to that which he hated the most.
And of course, we had those that loved us.
In fact, one guy, last week, we actually had to tell him not to give us any money
because he was drunk as can be and wanted to give the station,
because he loved the Hour of Slack so much that night,
he wanted to give us...
He wanted to give us all his worldly goods, all the money in his checkbook.
Praise Bob. And we talked him out of it.
Can you believe it? I don't know what came over us.
It was kind of embarrassing, too, because the station manager walked by right in time to hear Dr. Grant say,
No, don't send any money here.
We had a caller who got really upset about playing Lee Harvey Oswald was a friend of mine
by Homer Henderson and the Dal Worthington Garden Boys.
And see, it's not that we...
We think it's great that Kennedy got shot, although even if we did, it's none of your bizwax.
It's just that we don't think Oswald did it.
But we'll be getting deeper into that subject a little later,
because as I said, it's the Puzzling Evidence Night.
But, dear friends...
Oh, listen to those alien...
Computers jabbering at each other.
How insipidly stupid.
Well, I can talk...
We got a subgenius devival coming up, a short one, at the Caravan of Dreams.
And what...
It's really what it is, is me opening up, doing an opening sermon and invocation
and healing and sickening ceremony for...
to open up this Caravan of Dreams performance art show.
If you can imagine that.
Performance art!
Oh, we can't have our own church here.
Nay!
We gotta have...
They have to call it, quote,
performance art, unquote.
But that's this Friday night at the Caravan of Dreams in Fort Worth.
And I can talk about this, because even though it costs six bucks to get in,
I'm giving my money, my pay, all six or seven bucks,
as a donation...
As a donation to K-N-O-N.
And, uh...
So there's gonna be a lot...
I'd say, who all...
John Hale, a bunch of...
There'd be some weird stuff going on, but the first...
First, right off the bat, 8 o'clock at the Caravan of Dreams this Friday night.
Caravan of Dreams in Fort Worth on 312 Houston Street.
Right off of I-30.
We're gonna start the thing off with a subgenius devival.
And it ought to be a pretty good one, folks,
because I'm gonna haul down there the giant six-foot bob heads
that, for those few of you who've never actually gazed upon
the mighty visage of our guru, J.R. Bob Dobbs!
Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise Bob!
Uh, this'll be your chance, folks.
Your big chance.
So, not only that...
I went to a very strange place.
It's called the Inner Zone,
in outer space.
When I climbed out of my golden spaceship,
I saw many things that would make you flip.
And you'll be seeing many things that'll make you flip,
besides the subgenius half-hour.
I mean, we're gonna show the subgenius video,
the first ten minutes of it.
That's two subgenius music video, folks.
The X-rated rap song, and also, well,
something some of you will be quite familiar with.
Also, following the devival is...
And this is for real, folks.
J. Condom, or J. Cotton, depending on what church you go to.
J. Cotton, and also the song gods!
That's right, the song gods themselves.
The song gods themselves.

They play following the subgenius show
at this Caravan of Dreams thing.
Also, the show continues on Saturday night.
Now, I'm not gonna be there Saturday night,
and I don't believe the song gods are either,
but the producer of the show, Lainey Yarber,
is gonna...
She's doing something like...
It's like the Candace Montgomery story.
She was the lady who axe-murdered
her husband's girlfriend a few years back.
And I understand this show,
and I understand this show involves...
It's a very high-tech section,
the Candace Montgomery story,
including a washing machine full of body parts.
And then I woke up,
and I was really glad
that this was just another silly dream I'd had.
So, friends, you better show up at that thing.
Like I said, it's 8 o'clock Friday night
at the Caravan of Dreams.
That's the hippie...
The sort of hippie underground avant-garde
performance theater.
You know, they show William Burroughs movies
and all kinds of weird stuff over there.
It's a groovy hangout for you kind of beatnik types.
So the song gods and the subgeniuses,
and it's gonna be a killer show.
Well, we're gonna get on here with things.
God, I forgot to go pick up my co-host.
This is the season.
I turned on the Pee Wee Herman Saturday morning show
the other day,
and Bob's face is in the titles of that show.
Not only that,
but I want you to listen to this song coming up here
and see if you can count the subgenius references
in this song by this popular,
quote, new wave, unquote, group.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Here we go.
I am posting
I am posting
I am posting
I am posting
I am posting
I am posting
I am posting
I am posting
See my little children
Like a family
When they live together
I need them home with me
But I hope you're not there with the one you made
In the land of the free and the home of the brave
I need you
Pusley, Everton
Pusley, Everton
Pusley, Everton
Pusley, I'm in your heart
Oh, I'm in your heart
Oh, I'm in your heart
Oh, I'm in your heart
Oh, I'm in your heart
Oh, I'm in your heart
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Pusley, Everton
Pusley, Everton
Pusley, Everton
Pusley, Everton
Pusley, Everton
Pusley, Everton
Well, that sort of goes, um, etc., etc., etc., just like that.
Um, there was a story back there.
behind that. By the way, somebody just called and said, when are we going to have another proper
subgenius convention in Dallas? And yeah, if somebody else wants to, what is that phone noise
doing in here? Huh? If somebody else wants to sink their money into that, that's fine with me.
I don't want to have another Edstock happen here. I'll tell you what though, dear friends,
that song that I just played. Now normally, you know, we don't play stuff like Talking Heads,
all the other stations play, or not on this show that frequently, but that particular song,
and I've got to tell the true story behind that because otherwise the credit will get misplaced
and people will think that we were copying Talking Heads rather than vice versa. Puzzling evidence,
as all of you diehards know, is the secret name of a great subgenius hierarchite in Oakland,
California.
Whose other code name is Unibrow, and he's like one of the main hosts and the granddaddy of
subgenius taping. He's also the host of the less than an hour, more than, no, less than a show,
more than an hour anti-show, which has been running for like four years in Berkeley now,
subgenius show. And so I'm going to, just because puzzling evidence has gotten more and more
puzzling, we're going to,
devote this hour to bits from his tapes and from the shows that he and the mighty radio doctors over there do.
Haha, I just killed that noise with one press of a button.
I can't talk without background music. This is ridiculous.
Ah, yes, dear friends, I feel the power.
I want you to put your gland on the radio and feel that energy burst up through them wires, up through the flesh tubes, and into the soul gland at the bottom of your foot.
Anyway, as many of you know, David Byrne came to Dallas to shoot his movie True Stories.
Now, originally, there was this whole subgenius revival scene in it.
Well, it wasn't subgenius by name, but it was based on, more or less, on subgenius shows.
And originally, I was supposed to do an animation sequence that's shown in the background of this revival.
And the Pope of all New York, Reverend Dr. Dr. Mr. M.D. David N. Meyer, was supposed to play the preacher.
Well, that was all going well and good.
Until Hollywood money entered the scene, and slowly but surely, it fell by the wayside, except for all the lines and the scripts and the songs.
And a few little things cribbed from the mighty book of the subgenius.
Which is no big deal, because we've used their quotes from Talking Heads songs in the book of the subgenius.
But I didn't know they were from Talking Heads.
I didn't know where they were from.
Anyway, I just wanted to get that.
And, you know, as Bob said, I am the gun and you are the bullet, dear friends.
So be ready at any minute to ram into those who don't give you credit.
And you know which end to ram into.
Anyway, we're going to get off of this.
I'm going to do a cart here.
You can tell this is one of the highly edited subgenius shows yet.
But it's about to turn into it.
After this cart, we're going to go into the land of the Puzzling Evidence show.
It's not just Puzzling Evidence.
It's the radio show in Berkeley.
Which also stars Dr. Howell.
The evil and verbose Dr. Howell.
The crazy Gary Gabrog Fran.
And the suckling Bob Nelson.
As well as...
Oh, there's so many of these.
These minor celebrities and giants of the art world.
I could...
But forget it.
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
Everybody, this is the Nightman.
Calling from KNON 9.9 FM.
The home of rock and roll in Dallas, Fort Worth.
Monday, 7 to 9.
We've got Kelly and Elmo bringing you From the Hip.
If you're in Dallas, Fort Worth, and you dig rock and roll music.
Alternative rock and roll music.
There's only one place for you to tune to.
And that's KNON 9.9 FM.
The hottest station on the planet Earth.
Right here in Dallas, Fort Worth.
The hottest station on the planet Earth.
Oh, yeah.
All right, here's...
Now, get ready for some...
This is the kind of radio that you've never...
I don't know.
I mean, if you tuned in tonight to listen to music,
you might as well just shut it off, friends.
Because this is spoken word that you're going to have to listen to real close.
You're going to be in a different universe every 10 seconds
for the next 20 minutes, all right?
And, I mean, this is...
You thought you knew what surrealism was.
You thought you knew what Dada was.
You thought you knew what...
What Bob is.
Sometimes his normal size, he runs around from radio station to radio station
trying to show you what it is to talk about the tilting boxcar of Dobbs.
Bob is the real thing.
He came to re-fertilize your sexual preconceptions
to make us all relieve our reincarnality
in the million polyverse combinations we once enjoyed.
Sure, this church drips with machismo irony
with insanely overblown cajones.
This religion isn't for the amalgamation of the sexes.
No.
But it sure is as hell for the divine union of them.
He's Bob.
Everything will be just fine.
Look, everyone is a dream.
Bob don't ever change.
He's Bob.
All years will be Bob.
Who that Bob is to say.
He's Bob.
Bob.
Working on the sub-D railroad.
Bob don't ever change.
I've got a hand.
He's Bob.
He's Bob.
Oh, it's tough hammering these pipes.
Oh, where will it be Bob?
His pipe is the bowl with the doddle
that rains on the roof like fire.
Oh, hammer these pipes in the ground.
His neck is the skin with the waddle
in flaming folks' desire.
He's Bob.
How you learn to sing so good out here?
Just hammering pipes in the ground all day.
Don't make no noise.
Bob don't ever change.
He's Bob.
And he's got luggage with a brain.
Yes, luggage with a brain.
That's what Bob's got.
I first had my experience with Bob at a Bob's Big Boy on the corner of Bellevue Drive in Los Angeles, California in 1959.
It changed my life and I became able to open my third nostril and snort the divine word.
Bob's Big Boy is a man of the subgenius.
Every morning before breakfast, I find it helpful to go into my sternutition room, as we call them, and sniff up.
Yes, violent sternutition may be observed.
Named after the famous sternio?
Well, yes, the famous sternio does practice sternutition, as does everyone who possesses the simple accoutrement of a handkerchief and a head full of ideas that need to be relieved.
Subdivide the box brain.
Oh, Bob, with your square little gray brain.
How do you use that thing?
It's hooked up all wrong.
Oh, Bob, what about this rumor that your pipe is a living organism?
Yes, that has invaded your brain and made everything all wrong.
Yeah, what about that Bob-grinning malarkey-turkey-flunky problem?
What about them aliens, as you say, or us aliens? We're not aliens.
How about it, Bob? And who's this anti-Bob? Some relation of yours? Some nepotistic cousin on the payroll end?
In a computer field of nerds.
We dare to question our supreme epopt-Bob because we have the freedom within the Church of the Subgenius to question even the basic verities.
That's right.
Like whether or not there is a Mokele and Bembe. Whether it's frog-like bellow does echo over the South American or even the African swamps.
Swamp? Swamps.
Swamps. Yes, yes, swamps.
Right now.
That's where they use it.
Glass Madness is in that swamp. Yes, he's gone down. There's a green hill.
They say the Mokele and Bembe lives in Lake Ukabalabonga, which is only four feet deep, but the creature of a considerate...
Balabumba.
No, Ukabalabonga.
Just a bunch of rubbish. These people are rubbish. Just keep walking. That's not stopping.
Huckabucka, huckabucka.
Yes, it looks like it's time to go.
Buy the book of the Subgenius from me.
I guess it's creepy.
Yeah, man.
Gotta go to, gotta go to, gotta go to a job. Gotta go to a job. Gotta go to a job. Gotta go to go to go to go to a job.
You gotta wait till seven o'clock.
And then I take it and let me be. I gotta pay.
Sure.
You're an Easter egg.
Woo!
Woo!
Gotta go to, gotta go to, gotta go to a job. Yeah, I gotta go to, gotta go to, gotta go to a job.
Yeah.
Gotta go to, gotta go to, gotta go to a job. Gotta go to, gotta go to, gotta go to a job.
Yeah, sure. Well, we'll find out. Good morning, Safe Muffin.
Howdy. I was just wondering if you could tell me...
Where?
...what those occasional extremely low...
...rumbling sounds that almost sound like acoustic feedback coming to my speakers are.
And then it happened.
Affection.
Oh, no! Look, it's happening!
Oh, yes.
And he should dabble in his coffee.
Okay, turn down your phone and turn up your mind.
Take off your...
Okay, here we go.
Got it. Dead center.
Well, we're tuning in on you right now.
Well, let's hope for better practice.
And there, we're centered on...
Hey, wait, wait, wait.
Oh, okay. We're on the...
...the
Yes, this early misinterpretation of prehistory predicted the coming of Marlboro Man as a leader in the future.
Marlboro Man operated with these crude stone implements to pound the tobacco and roll the papers, which gave his caves and habitations this distinctive odor.
Okay, I suppose that explains it. Thank you.
It's Slotlap, talking to any tape. I know it's difficult because I've never called up a radio station before and talked to just a dumb old tape.
And here it is, an eight-track tape answering you.
Yes.
But you can't believe you're talking to an intelligent machine, Cleary. I know.
Ask any question.
This is your future. Your phones will act like us very soon.
Ask any question.
Bob will massage men.
Yes.
Seven, seven, six, two, four, three, eight.
Okay, Bob.
Is that your Bob?
That's right.
Yeah.
Not to mention the Weasel Men.
Yes, and their little teeny ones that came over the sands early in the morning without food and without tickets.
They stole away the picnic baskets and the babies.
They stole away the picnic baskets and the babies.
Don't say babies.
You know what happens when we say babies.
Oh, no.
Oh, I...
We're giving a mouth-to-mouth perspiration right now.
Hold on a second here.
It's your turn.
Wait, there's a kitty here somewhere.
We're trying to find a kitty.
Yes, it's a cat.
Oh, my God.
I think he will.
Yes, it's Tristan.
You mean that this is one of them A.J. and Gandhi shows?
No.
I'll tell you what.
We all know this.
This is great.
Look at him.
Hey, what?
We can make him do anything.
We can make him just...
Hey, no, stay.
Hey, then look.
Don't make me do anything, man.
Yes, of course, Colin.
Anything can do me.
It's just a little too much to swallow, I think.
Huh?
I'm sorry.







I don't think I can make him do anything.
Yes, I will.
All right, let's see.
Little Dr. Punto.
This is a little bit of a...
What is this?
Yes, I think you're right.





This is a little bit of a...
Oh, my God.
I'm sorry.








But the music always made me real sad.
It was just the Tijuana Bible quotes and all that stuff piled up in my soul.
Soon I felt guilty about what happened to Herb Albert.
You can't even talk anymore.
They just put Hal in this old speaker's home, I think, or something.
And he asked whether Hal had grown larger, stupider, and older.
And he thought he was on the show.
So, yes, we'd say, here, here's a microphone and here's some headphones.
And say something funny.
And little Hal would come out and he'd jibber and jabber.
And we'd take the tape.
We would play that stuff on KPFA.
No, we wouldn't do that.
No.
We'd talk about funny stuff.
Only poor Hal in his deranged state would try to do the charge of the light brigade in Pig Latin.
Hop-a-poppa-fop-a-lop-a-gop-a-wop-a-dop.
Hop-a-toppa-dop-a-vop-a-lop-a-yop-a-vop-a-shoppa-dop-a-wop-a-dop-a-dop.
Rap-a-dop-a-sop-a-dop-a-dop.
Hop-a-drop-a-dop-a-dop.
Yeah, these auditions can be time-consuming but necessary.
What are what like?
I think the problem is that we're getting a little off the beat track now.
The caller is seeming to want to distract us from the basic and bottom line that we're here to talk about.
Which is, of course, the puzzling evidence.
Which is, of course, the puzzling evidence.
Public whiz.
The right-hand picture shows the end of the new-new Stone Age.
New-new Stone Age.
Yes, here we are in the new-new Stone Age.
Yes, I think we should talk more about the new-new Stone Age and not be distracted by these tiny calls.
Yes, in the new-new Age, everybody's going to feel a little bit hinky.
That's to the deference that one...
And now we welcome our guest in a Liverpool .

Finally that family.
Yes I
Was
Defending
Go
I
the reason why I'm always useful is that mostación production can't communicate the NOT انين tudUT piano personne
Preacher, you're masterful controller for those two hours which you cannot escape.
And you will listen to Radio Soiree Thursdays at midnight until 2 a.m.
or come under the sudden threat of instant vaporization.
You have been warned.
Help me, somebody. She ain't got no legs.
My legs are on fire. Pull the lever. Down you go. Praise Bob.
UPS. Workers find 12 human heads in package.
United Parcel Service employees discovered 12 human heads when they opened a package
because it was leaking and the FBI is investigating whether any laws were broken.
This newspaper clip was sent in to us, I'm sure in reference to the
bleeding head of the World Cup player.
A golfer split off schism cult that split off the Church of the Subgenius in Little Rock, Arkansas.
Anyway, a doctor in Philadelphia said he shipped the heads to a medical training facility in Colorado.
But the county coroner thinks the physician should find another method of shipment.
We don't think that personnel of carriers such as UPS should be subjected to having to handle body parts
such as heads without being assured they're protected from any damage.
The UPS is a major source of infectious disease, and the handling of these body parts is a major concern.
These UPS workers were, quote, upset and discomforted by the fact that they'd found these human heads.
So, you know, any agency in this country that encounters a dead body or parts of dead bodies that they can't account for
ought to notify the coroner's office, folks.
We've got to identify these things to make sure somebody's not killing somebody.
So, somebody out there, you better be careful.
Speaking of that, I'm going to tell you a little bit about the UPS.
killing somebody another important piece of puzzling evidence not only important to dr howell
and and and gary gebrogfran and and uh puzzling evidence there in in oakland but also to all of
us here in dallas is of course the kennedy performance art piece that was done in dealey
plaza oh so many years ago and uh uh well you know it's just point in time can you believe that
one man alone couldn't assassinate john kennedy three days ahead look out now turn on the tv
let's relax doug thanks for the dallas magazines about john kennedy's death the fact is he's not
dead yet throughout the brain so let's just watch
you
each one calling out at the top of his voice the tyrant is dead the tyrant is dead throw off your
chains throw off your shackles the world is free now you have liberty now the future is yours
you are now free men the tyrant is dead go to the capitol building the great brutus will tell you
all about it
well the people
now hold this
the two-time new under jeans
Institute and congressman
april
well garycock
every woman
don't win
everybody
lilim
shot
the
Bethany
j update
city hall
tomorrow
flyer
write

now
radaby


I'm terrified. I don't enjoy feeling temporary.
And for many of you, following common sense safety precautions
could mean the difference between the vacation of your life
and the last vacation of your life.
For maximum protection, all doors and windows should be part of the alarm system.
And LBJ said, let us continue.
And they continued.
And the evening and the morning were the first day.
And LBJ said, let us make war on poverty.
And lo, there were welfare checks fallen upon the land.
And upon them it was writ, fold not, neither shall ye spindle nor mutilate.
And LBJ saw that it was good.
Very strange happenings, you know.
And...
And...
And...

If there'd been something legitimate there and I could have seen
exactly what was going on, I guess I really would have
done my best.
But there wasn't nothing I could do, you know.
You understand? You know?
You're on my side.
Well, anyway, the point is, is that, however, a lot of the kinds of things
that people have brought up about the Warren Commission
and about the Kennedy assassination have sort of gotten tilted off into this area,
the area of the fringe participants.
And as we...
As we stated at the earlier part of the show,
and as we're going to prove conclusively next week,
the fringe has very little to do with it.
Although, as with any event of any magnitude,
fringe groups have become attracted to it.
And I don't know anything about Mr. Thornley other than what we've talked about here.
But fringe groups certainly are attracted to events of this magnitude.
However, as we've stated before at the beginning of the show,
you either believe in the Warren Commission or you believe in the laws of physics
and there are no two sides to that particular street.
It is strictly a one-way voyage.
Anyway, so I hope that we can put the Church of the Subgenius to bed with that.
In fact, why don't we formally do it?
I'll state right here, if you want to talk about the Church of Subgenius,
call up Bob Nelson and talk to him about it.
Don't bother us with that nonsense anymore.
Call the Church of the Subgenius.
Anyway, back to the phone.
Yeah, call the Church of the Subgenius.
No way, friend.
You know, assassination is a big part of our government, really.
And, you know,
the Church is a patriotic group.
This is...
You know, I got a call from somebody earlier that said,
Reverend Stang, we were worried hearing you play talking heads.
We thought maybe you were really selling out.
Well, I'm gonna play another ex-pop group, and that's Devo.
But I can because they're dues-paying members of the Church of the Subgenius, friends.
I can make free records in the ou-
Do not you have a

Da, c'mon.
You're arowing?

R앙 đ riseau chi.
Good.
Let me tell you why.
I'm a man with a mission.
A boy with a gun.
I got a picture in my pocket of the lucky one.
I'm an absolute winner on the radio.
With my microphone, I do a super show.
I wear a cowboy hat.
It is my business hat.
I'm on to one of them.
I must tell you that.
I'm a man with a mission.
A boy with a gun.
I got a picture in my pocket of the lucky one.
Who doesn't know?
I'm a big mess.
I mean a really big mess.
A big, big mess.
He was all mixed up.
And a big mess.
Big mess.
He was a.
He was really mixed up.
He was a big mess.
Big mess.
He was a.
He was really mixed up.
Big mess.
He was a.
He was a.
He was a.










I want him I am.
This new reality.
The most important thing.
I put away my toys.
With my microphone.
I do a super show.
I'm an absolute winner on the radio.
I'm a man with a mission.
A boy with a gun.
I got a picture in my pocket of the lucky one.
A lucky one.
Who doesn't know?
I'm a big mess.
I mean a really big mess.
A big, big mess.
He was all mixed up.
And a big mess.
Big mess.
He was a.
He was really mixed up.
He was a big mess.
Big mess.
He was a.
He was really mixed up.
I'm a man with a mission.
A boy with a gun.
I got a picture in my pocket of the lucky one.
Let's go.
I'm a big mess.
I mean a really big mess.
A big, big mess with all things love and all.
Ah, yes, yes, yes, yes.
You know, it only takes one vote to put somebody out of office these days,
as long as that vote is coated in lead.
Not that we recommend that you vote that way,
but I have a feeling that some of our most respected citizens have arranged that very thing.
Doesn't that bless your heart?
Well, since we've been name-dropping like crazy on this show tonight,
and that's okay because the Church of the Subgenius
recruits...
We recruit celebrities because we need money,
and people, you know, nowadays,
so many people, they can't take anything at face value.
They can't believe that it could be good because they themselves think it good.
Oh, no, no, they've got to have somebody on television
or on their demonic back-masked records tell them that it's good, you know?
Just ask John Lennon or any other assassinated,
and they'll tell you the same thing, baby.
Thank you, John.
Oh, yes, that beautiful.
It was all mixed up, friends.
It's a problem these days.
Businesses, don't forget the KNON scrapbook.
You can support KNON and attract new customers to your business by advertising in our KNON scrapbook.
20,000 copies of each issue are distributed throughout town and sent to all KNON supporters.
To find out about our reasonable rates and to place your ad, call Phyllis Arp at KNON 828-9500.
And I'm going to make sure tomorrow.
I'm going to make sure tomorrow that there's some of those things down at the studios at Las Colinas
so that people can pick them up in the lunchroom there.
Well, that was Reverend Chris Gross.
Here it said low.
And here it said high.
Yeah.
Chris, Dr. Herr Dr. Gross tells us more and more.
But you know, our lead story tonight,
Dee and Daniel Sweeney hired cameraman Dennis Carroll to videotape their Brandon.
Florida wedding.
When Carroll delivered the finished tape,
the Sweeneys discovered that following the wedding sequence was 70 minutes of Carroll nude playing with himself.
He had mistakenly taped the wedding over a personal tape.
So those of you people who videotape weddings out there, which I've had to do in the past,
just be careful now.
Also, these little news items here, I'm going to get through back to puzzling evidence pretty quick here.
But these are very interesting.
It's from.
It's from a little newsletter called View from the Ledge,
which for those of you taping right for information from P.O.
Box 57141 Washington, D.C.
Two oh oh three seven.
Two two hundred thousand used bras were blessed in Tokyo when Buddhist priest used the brassieres in a temple memorial service for cast off underwear in Tokyo.
The abandoned bras were heaped in a big pyramid for blessing and pouring rain outside the main doors of the.
The wooden temple in the center of Tokyo.
South Burlington, Vermont.
Police yesterday had no idea who stole a life sized big boy statue from its display at a hamburger restaurant, shot it in the head and dumped it in some nearby woods.
And this is Captain Ray McGee found the 50 year old big boy covered in branches in woods behind the restaurant.
He had been shot in the head right in the ear.
Is there no respect?
Friends is nothing sacred.
Here's some items that based on articles in various medical journals, the following items have been recovered from the rectums of patients.
Alive, shaved, declawed, gerbil, a bottle of Mrs.
Butterworth syrup, an axe handle, a nine inch zucchini.
Now, these are all things that have been extracted from people's bodies, friends from a certain specific place.
A 14 inch vibrator with two diesel batteries, a plastic spatula, a coke bottle, an 11 inch carrot, an antenna rod, 150 watt light bulb.
Let's get down to the good ones.
This goes on a frozen pig's tail, a plastic toothbrush package, a 10 inch length of broomstick, an 18 inch umbrella handle, two Vaseline jars, a whiskey bottle with a cord attached.
A bottle of whiskey.



An oil can, a six by five inch toolbox, a baby powder can, a test tube, a peanut butter jar, a pair of eyeglasses, tumblers and glasses, a polyurethane waste trap from the U bend of a sink and a corborundum grinder with handle.
Friends, these medical facts are just amazing.
And here's one quote from President Reagan on psychics.
Quote.
I've found it difficult.
To write them off entirely.
The scriptures say there will be such people speaking of psychics.
And at the 1950s, actress Jackie Park said that Reagan was in bed was the worst he had ever had.
Mechanical.
The worst.
The worst.
Unquote.
Well, well, OK, back to puzzling evidence, folks.
This is it.
I've been told, you know, it's not weird.
Where's the.
Where's all the assistance?
Where's all the zombies?
Huh?
The one show on the planet.
So what if your hair falls on your right arm, sir?
Perhaps your nose falls off onto your feet.
Bob does.
Call me, Mr.
Dobbs.
Bob, is that you?
Yeah.
And what the hell's going on?
Nothing like a little togetherness to take care of this scrambled shell structure of mine.
What can we do about it in the 80s?
This is the scrambled shell structure.
This is the.
You like it?
Sure.
This point has not led to any new conclusion.
Try to define what exactly you've been seeing from your vantage post out there.
Well, it looks pretty.
Looks pretty terrible out here.
I'm trying to get a hold of Werner Klempel.
There's some guy out here in a half melted phone booth trying to dial desperately for old friends long dead.
Oh, that's the DJ who showed this normally is.
See, some of his skin's been blasted away there in the polyester shirt he was so proud of only a few minutes before.
Oh.
Completely melted around his chest.
Hey, who is this?
I've got you right under my armpit.
Oh, my.
His mind has snapped.
Use scopolamine if this show makes you dizzy.
Right.
Don't use those other pills.
I rubbed the ball to my feet with a quality name.
You're welcome.
You're the greatest star of all.
I don't care how much money you make, Tobin.
I won't listen to this fucking music.
Oh, no, no, no.
He was completely surrounded by a bevy of 14-year-old girls all dressed up in Brady Bunch outfits.
Yeah.
Actually, I just couldn't believe it.
I never thought a guy like him would be able to attract such a crowd of willing TV females.
But there they are, drinking that TV water and hanging out with a little neat guy.
It takes about a month to get a car.
Yes.
It's true.
I know what will bring him back.
Yes, hell, we're in some serious trouble now.
It was time for the doctors.
Oh, no.
And ladies, we're operating tonight.
New patient coming in every hour.
Oh, here comes the asthmatic.
Let's cut out his legs.
Oh, here comes the heart patient.
Let's cut out his heart.
Hand me that scalp.
Oh, look at this guy.
He's got broken legs.
It's the doctors.
Oh, oh, watch out.
This is the film that was supposed to be run right as the bomb was happening.
This is a very pleasing film and calming.
You can see here that...
Yes, they called this one the sex bomb, and it itself was responsible for much of the
dismay we've seen this evening.
Never mind.
Skip from your bones.
Some say Smith and some say Jones, and either one will skip the screen for your bones.
Some say back and some say way, but it just makes two halves of my brain break.
Right.
Welcome to Dr. Ranch.
Yes.
What about a little stop there, and I'll just cut out that fibrostic tumor.
Come on in here.
Here goes.
This is pretty amazing here.
Bring me that sigmoidoscope.
I want, I want to take a look.
You know where.
This is sigmoid colon and his brother, the descending semicolon.
The elevator operator at Sisters of Mercy appears of Our Lady of Sorrows Hospital.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.








Nurse, nurse, nurse, bring me another shot please.
Got it dead center.
As you can see, it's a modern, highly up-to-date facility.
Yes, and using every kind of doctor-prescribed device.
If a doctor needs it, they buy it.
This floor is the exclusive obnoxio-pirosis ward.
Floor three, pills.
Let's step in, shall we?
Chainsaw and operations.
Will the honor of a large German shepherd please come to the salt flats behind the hospital.
Thank you.
Yes, here the doctors work in complete comfort, sometimes ignoring the patients altogether.
They operate with the newest tools.
Here's where the doctors kick back.
It's the luxury lounge in Beguineville.
Yes, these are the transport.
On Vibes, you see Dr. Spiegelman and there's Dr. Clutterhouse over there on drums.
Okay, folks, now back out onto Dr. Highway.
Wow.
Whoa.
That's right.
Flying high over Oakland now.
Just a little bit.
We're discovering there is a false bottom to the container and the death ship drops
its load.
What's this?
It's better than the...
It's deadly bacteria over in the Bay Area.
And now you see the Subjection kitchen as they cook the morning meal.
We're going to mix up our pre-holocaust breakfast.
Because all the bacteria are dead, too.
It's all right, but it's a lot easier to cook things.
You're at the cafeteria about to eat something.
No, you just set it out and it cooks itself.
You gave me plenty of rest.
Yes.
They always draw the furniture into the circle when you do that, but there's a way to get
over that circle.
Fire arrows.
Sofas with a flaming arrow.
Something was missing from Little Napa Caller's menu.
It was the tuba.
So we put it in here on the show.
If you're listening, you can put it on your sandwich and have it just the way you wanted
it there.
Ah.
Yes.
And if you have a four-channel stereo, put the tuba on the front.
Ah.
Little tiny Wotans in the background.
Oh, yes.


It's true.
Ah, yeah.
Here we go now.
I think I'll practice that.
This is the Relax Show, so don't get too upset.
Yeah, just lay back on the bed.
And they were able usually to understand the flaming arrow and turn it to their own advantage.
Then you have to think of yet another weapon.
Come on, guys.
Let him talk.
Let him talk.
Which one?
You know, I never thought atomic war would be so much fun, guys.
Well, you know, we heard about nuclear winter.
Nobody heard about nuclear toaster.
We have an atomic toaster out there.

We're talking about nuclear winter sports, and I'm going out for the downhill skiing.
Yes, here, the downhill fallout skiing.
You can see the contestants for the Olympics are so...
Yes, on their flaming skis.
Whoosh, whoosh.
There they go.
And then they race towards the shelter.
And then they miss the rod to turn around and smash their face on the bottom of the
run.
Of course, each contestant only can survive one run, but it is a fabulous show of final
surge of energy of humankind as we...
Losing their hair in the wind as they fly down gun barrel.
Yes.
And they're so optimistic in the face of eternal darkness.
And now...
Is she a nun, by the way?
Yes.
No.
Oh, no.
None of the above, right?
No, it's just the way it is.
It's always contradictory.
I'm a reverend, reverend dominatrix.
Let's go to it first.
It's cool.
Food, food monsters.
Yes, the food monsters were on the prowl through the studio, eating all the old hamburger
stubs and the leftover hot dog buns.
The food monsters.
The food monsters.










The food monsters.
Yeah, thank you.
Well, this is the last time we play this club.
They don't give you enough to eat.
I want royalties.
I want dessert.
I want post-brandy liqueurs.
I want the best cognac and, you know, the whole shot.
Thank goodness.
Yeah, well, it's a good thing you're with us, because it's fun to be the only thing
keeping somebody alive.
Really?
Yes, sir.
We're going to be having a news feature more ways than you think, listen.
We're speaking now called From the Brow, so if you have a subject you'd like the Brow
to speak on, just ask the Brow.
The nasal passages are cemented shut and the brain is pulled out and stored in a little
jar overnight.
Yet the patient lives.
Oh, there it goes.
Well, I dropped the jar, but the patient lives.
The patient lives.
All because of the ministrations of the good brofram and the special plastic implement
they use shown here.
And now we'll show you that technique once again.
Dr. Brofram?
Yes.
We hope to welcome you all tonight to the fervid celestial spoutings of the inner epops
and clockwork workings of the Church.
But this task will not be easy.
The fruits of the subgenius plant are not as cordial to the taste as others may be,
kind of mucilaginous paste.
But it's easy to become tangentially twisted along precarious paths that have nothing to
do with the straight path.
And the true direction of our search.
We are born with the Dobbs nature.
However, only exist technology can complete a subgenius's transfiguration into overmanhood
or overwomanliness.
And so far, Bob has allowed this to happen to one solitary guinea pig, his friend, Dr.
Philo Drummond.
Where?
God damn it!
My man was born with original slack.
Yet most civilized people don't believe it.



And the most learned scholar can't even comprehend it.
Well, I've studied the Saurian stage in human evolution.
As it turns out, many of our ancestors are not the primates as commonly thought, but
the theropod line of the great archosaurs of the Mesozoic.
Oh, no!
Look out!
Get him out of here!
Oh!
Bohandas is approaching Tokyo!
We will have to get away from the city now!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Move your karate school away from here!
It does not help!
We must keep Bohandas from approaching the science center.
Yes, I complained that I had no starter fluid, and then I met a man who had no chainsaw.
And he'll be able to fight the monster!
And we will be able to protect the super racist people!
We need to grow!
We need to grow!
Before the weekend!
That is what we do with our troublemakers on Melton Pints.
We pack them off to Monster Island, where they are buggered by prisoners.
These creatures are something amazing.
You can't imagine all the little spines and projections, the scaly outer epidermis, the
rind, the wart-like sagging covering.
The babies, they're not even going to...
They're not going to hurt themselves anymore!
...cover the outer cuticles of these critters.
They're really a sight to see.
And when they all get going, it's better than a party.
It's like bobbing for apples in a giant barrel of radioactive sludge.
And I only wish every one of you...
...movie that's swept America is one entitled The Encounters of the Third Degree.
May I tell you this?
I'm not so sure what UFOs are.
I don't know if I believe them or not.
I don't think someone's beenרים to zero the quènifism of them.
Because quarantine is important.
Of course it is.
But there was the apparent exception of a Rs wound in my arm.


Why don't you feel free to add emotion at Google von Kassie, the 1971 persona, to
ask for her life on her sh Anton's tattoo of EntomDerbarabin, the ACL being worn up
on th yumi snuffporn in the air as a reproduce?
We aren't paying back.
What a shameless cover...
Yeah, I am looking for my mother in the Bewegación missed andordo man 인 the
yellow dress I found found on h Greenhouse McConnerhane and she was

This man could have been killed, but he didn't say or kill.
It was that simple.
So instead, you'll have everlasting life here in Happy Town.
Where everything will be gratifying and free.
And you'll never have to say, we can't even say it here.
You cross the gates over into Bobtown.
That's much better.
I think it's going to be awesome here in Bobtown.
You'll have to pay obsequious homage to the great bearded figure, Jehovah One.
Jehovah One.
Here, hold on.
In the sky, Jehovah One presents his own history in a small slideshow that you'll be obligated to attend every day.
And friend, you'll be obligated to attend that mighty show at the Caravan of Dreams.
This Saturday night, like we were, or Friday night, Friday night at 8 o'clock, Caravan of Dreams, Fort Worth, Subgenius D Vival.
All proceeds of...
Mine.
Go to KNON.
And also the Song Gods and John Held and somebody else.
I can't remember who.
Anyway, friends, if you need information on the Church of the Subgenius, here's that mighty P.O. Box to write.
Just write for the free information.
That's Bob at P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
I'm going to read that number again.
That's P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
Praise God.
Bob.
And coming up next here is Ron Lindsey and Soul Oldie.
So stay tuned for slack in pure, pure form.
Praise Bob.
And coming up next here is Ron Lindsey and Soul Oldie.
