Talk to your doctor and find out if it's time for plaque buildup.
He prescribed the buildup of plaque.
Along with bad cholesterol and the progression of atherosclerosis.
Ask your doctor.
Liver disease isn't for everyone.
Ask your doctor about severe lung disease, vomiting, and fatalities.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
Call your doctor and request your bipolar mania.
The self-genius power of sweat.
Some serious side effects may occur, such as inflammation of the flatulence.
And thank you, Lemur.
Friends, this is Hour of Slack number 1158.
Only it isn't, really.
It's mostly a Reverend Susie the Floozy's disease and anthrax special episode of Bob's Slack Time Funhouse.
From wonderful...
W-R-E-K in Atlanta.
And we're rerunning it because it's great.
And because the world ends any minute now.
X days practically here.
And when that happens, we take the path of least resistance.
And put on this background music by the Flyin' Ryan Brothers.
And let somebody else do the show.
Here then, now, is the work of Reverend Susie.
The program you are about to listen to is a true story.
It contains some of the most terrifying material I've ever encountered.
So often in a case like this, it's hard to pin down the details.
In the autumn of 1989, a company called Hazleton Research Products was using a one-story building in the business park as a monkey house.
Hazleton Research Products is a division of Corning Incorporated,
the company that...
makes Pyrex glass cookware.
Corning's Hazleton unit is involved with the importation and sale of laboratory animals.
Each year, about 16,000 wild monkeys are imported into the United States from the tropical regions of the Earth, including humans.
Hello.
Welcome, gentle sunlight.
Welcome to the Castle Amtrak.
The Castle Amtrak?
Yes.
It's not a very good name, is it?
Is it?

We've got some monkeys.
Monkeys?
Monkeys.
Yes.
Twelve of them.
He claimed that he had come from the future.
That he was looking for a pure germ that would ultimately wipe mankind off the face of the Earth starting the year 1996.
Yeah, yeah.
And that's all my hair fell.
And I see you've got the man's mind.
Mahmoud, you are acquainted with the role that Balib was to have played in the second phase of our operation.
I am, sir.
You should be in Oklahoma City tomorrow.
If this car rolls out.
If the two attacks come right on top of each other.
The TV will go nuts.
And the letters are ready.
We had to set a tone.
We had to make it a war.
We can't just have a couple of assassinations.
We have to make the media think war.
It has to be big.
If we want to get the great Satan, Sam snorted.
It'll be for nothing if we can't get him out here.
Grrrr.
In the world I see,
they're stalking elk through the damn canyon forest around the ruins of Rockefeller Center.
Oh you, you keep your head round and round and round and round.
Oh you, you've got the truth all left behind.
You were not ready before.
I was.
I sent a letter before.
Yeah, yeah.
I sent a dream to you.
I sent a letter to you last night.
From the end of the world.
Grrrr.
Grrrr.
It's just like my dream.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
That was terrible.
I'll just sprinkle you all with some amnesia dust.
Poof.
Grrrr.
Grrrr.
Grrrr.
Grrrr.
Grrrr.
A micro break of a rainforest virus.
With unknown potential.
To start an explosive chain of lethal transmission in the human race.
Emerges in a cold geometry of clinical fact.
Mixed with flashes of horror so brilliant and disturbing.
That we draw back and blink.
As if we are staring into a discolored alien sun.
Grrrr.
Who left those freaking blinds open?
Ow, my eyes.
Grrrr.
Oh, my throat.
Grrrr.
Oh, my chest.
Grrrr.
I mean, besides the obvious.
I don't think I'm doing too good.
Grrrr.
Grrrr.
Grrrr.
Grrrr.
Grrrr.
Grrrr.
Oh, great. What have I started?
Grrrr.
Grrrr.
Like someone who doesn't know us?
Not at all, he said.
Happens all the time.
In fact we can even get grenades in mines.
Yes, these things have happened before.
Except grown ups do it.
They call it war.
So I said I wish you all would stop your groaning
Stop fussing and cranking and shucking and moaning
I wonder what would happen if you tell Jimmy
How far you hit him and if he hit Timmy
Maybe Timmy would go and shake Billy's hand
And hopefully someday they'll understand
Cause what's gonna happen if you don't do that
Will be Johnny and Frank are gonna wanna get your back
And you and Timmy will go beat up Bill
Who'll turn around tomorrow and wanna kill
You and him and Steven and Johnny and Jack
And one day one of you will try and get him back
Because Timmy hit Billy who punched out Steve
When Steve hit Laura after Jack and Johnny
Hit Tommy and Richard hit Emily
Who accidentally pushed Debbie with a toothy sniff
Well he fumped that over for a moment or two
And then he said I bet I can beat up you
So how do you feel?
Not too bad
As long as I don't laugh or sneeze
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
I don't feel so good
Ah Memorial Day
A day when our war heroes are honored
By even the most liberal of media
Not anymore
Naturally we'll have more on this story as soon as it develops
We now return you to the President's address already in progress
Flash ladies and gentlemen
The President threw up this afternoon on the steps of the family
Just prior to teach class
He was heard to mumble something about Boris
And was suddenly on his knees
Before his bodyguards could assist him
The President was in a state of shock
Five or six peasants of undetermined origin
Stuck several small protest signs on the President
Which Scott taped
Ah
Ah
Ah
Douche
Douche
That's my sound effect
Douche
Okay
Oh
Douche
Mr. President
He leans over
Head on his knees
And brings up an incredible quantity of blood from his stomach
And spills it onto the floor with a gasping groan
Ah
He loses consciousness
And pitches forward onto the floor
Ah
Then comes a sound like a bang on the head

A head sheet being torn in half
Which is the sound of his bowels opening as a sphincter
And drinking blood
The blood is mixed with intestinal linings
He has plucked his gut
The linings of his intestines have come off
And are being expelled along with huge amounts of blood
Brain damage
Nobody home
Now you don't see that every day
What the hell is going on in the classroom?
My God, there's been an explosion
The next day
A few bits of frozen meat from monkey 053 arrived at the institute
Brought by courier
And I did open that letter in my backyard with rubber gloves
Bum bum bum
Um
Don't want to get any of that on your hand
Alright
Monkey poop
Don't burn your hand
Ah you son of a bitch
What annoyed him was the fact that the bits of meat were wrapped in aluminum foil
Like pieces of leftover hot dogs
Like the kind of mystery meat you get in a store like this one
I'm making my lunch
That's nice
I'm making my lunch
Now I don't have to tell you all that the dangers of science are a time-worn threat
From Prometheus stealing fire from the gods
The Cold War era of the Doctor Strangelove terror
But never before
This is ridiculous
We're gonna whip it out, lube it up and wank it
I'm gonna whip it out, lube it up and wank it
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
People who knew him recalled that he was affectionate with wild monkeys
That he had a special way with them
You know me?
And about your work
My work?
Biowars, pathology, parameters in urban and semi-urban environments
General military medicine, June 1974
Incremental effects, countermeasures to toxic agents and liquid system delivery
Microbiological letters, January 1975, remember?
The doctors remember the clinical signs
Because no one who has seen the doctor before
Has seen the effects of a biosafety level 4 hot agent on a human being
Can ever forget them
Whoa ho ho!
I think the survivors would envy the dead
I was a very peculiar doctor in those days
Trying to find treatments for diseases that hadn't existed
So all the doctors invented them
Now I'm the only game in town
I was a military senior when they scratched the world
As a matter of fact I was gonna apply to Biowar lab for my postdoc but
Ha ha ha
The next turn never came
Grrrrr...
Grrrrr...
Grrrrr...
Grr...
Grrrr...
Grrrr...
You know that big dude what threw up cause he got so agitated
And if he'd known about our masturbation
He got so worked up
He had to puke
Yes
That's wrong
In the ash tray out front
I don't think
In the ash tray, a big ash tray that people had to empty
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
The worst of them was Ebola Zaire
The kill rate in humans in front of a computer
with Ebola Zaire is 9 out of 10. Ebola Zaire is a slate wiper in humans.
That's nice. Ebola Zaire is the most feared agent at the Institute. Those
people who work with Ebola are crazy. To mess around with Ebola was an easy way
to die. Better to work with something safer, such as anthrax. Ebola was
unpredictable. A virus is a small capsule made of membranes and proteins.
The capsule contains one or more strands of DNA or RNA, which are long molecules
that contain the software program for making a copy of the virus. A virus is a
parasite, it can't live on its own. It uses the energy and material in the cell
to survive. By attaching to the cell membrane causing cellій
soldieration. It makes copies of itself inside the

a cell until eventually the cell gets pigged with virus and parts and the viruses spill out
of the broken cell they replicate in large numbers mature and release their massive battalions by
blowing up cells oh my god that was when i knew that ebola can travel through the air
it probably traveled through the air in aerosolized secretions like drip coming out of
a faucet drip drip drip coffee coffee oh jesus the faucet runs and runs until the cell is exhausted
consumed and destroyed the viruses scatter besieging more cells and the infection spreads
as the viruses increase in strength and shape
Ebola virus destroyed an animal's internal organs,
and the carcass deteriorated abruptly after death.
It softened, and the tissues turned to jelly,
even if you put it in a refrigerator to keep it cold.
You wanted to dissect the animals quickly,
before the spontaneous liquefaction began,
because you can't dissect gumbo.
Is that anything about nothing we should mention?
No.
No, that's the dissolution of...
Monkeys spit and throw stuff.
Monkeys spit and throw stuff.
Yeah.
Yeah.

I can make toxins from both of these.
An airborne strain of Ebola could emerge and circle the world in about six weeks,
like the flu, killing large numbers of people.
Or it might forever remain a secret feeder at the margins,
taking down humans a few at a time.
But unlike HIV,
the attack by Ebola is swift and explosive.
Ebola does in ten days what it takes AIDS ten years to accomplish.
Christ.
It's great.
Just great.
Incomplicate, Doctor.
He had slumped to his knees, almost paralyzed, clasping the stricken elbow with his other hand.
Everything had exploded into yellow light.
Inconceivable, inconceivable that one blow could cause such pain.
The lights cleared, and he could see the other two.
The guard was laughing at his contortions.
He was lying on something that felt like a camp bed,
except that it was higher off the ground and that he was fixed down in some way so that he could not move.
Light that seemed stronger than usual was falling on his face.
O'Brien was standing at his side, looking down at him intently.
At the other side of him stood a man in a white coat, holding a hypodermic syringe.
Even after his eyes were open, he took in his surroundings only gradually.
He was in a state of shock.
He had the impression of swimming up into this room from some quite different world, a sort of underwater world far beneath it.
I looked at these doctors. I said, Bob, what in the world is all that?
I need a man who has dealt with the Americans and their vans.
Over to his left, Winston saw the man in the white coat break an ampule and draw back the plunger of a syringe.
He raised a finger to the man in the white coat.
Three thousand, he said, speaking over Winston's head to the man in the white coat.
Two soft pads, which fell on the floor.
The hands felt slightly moist, clamped themselves against Winston's temples.
He quailed.
There was a pain coming, a new kind of pain.
O'Brien laid a hand reassuringly, almost kindly, on his.
This time it will not hurt, he said.
Keep your eyes fixed on mine.
At this moment there was a devastating explosion.
Uh, and yeah, that was what it sounded like.
There was undoubtedly a blinding flash of light.
Winston was not hurt, only prostrated.
Although he had already been lying on his back when the thing happened,
he had a curious feeling that he had been knocked into that position.
A terrific, painless blow had flattened him out.
Also, something had happened inside his head.
Now I am a monkey.
A monkey, monkey, monkey.
And I am a monkey too.
Like a monkey ready to be shot into space.
Space monkey.
Ready to sacrifice himself for the greater good.
That's nice.
No one else wanted to do it.
Doc pulled on a pair of tight-fitting rubber surgical gloves.
Then, carefully, he used a sterile insulin syringe he'd bought,
removed a quarter of a cubic centimeter of cabin,
and injected into a soft gelatin cap.
Look at him jiggle.
Uh-huh.
Quivers. Yeah. Yeah. Awesome.
Then he enclosed the gel cap inside a two-part,
coated, non-soluble plastic capsule that I could carry in my mouth.
My mouth? Absolutely, tadpole.
When you're searched, people may be perfectly willing to stick their fingers up your
mob, but they seldom want to run them inside your mouth.
Mop. Yuck.
Don't worry, you won't feel a thing.
We got some drinks and coffins.
But nothing'selc ain't �uchtin'.
Mop. Yuck .


People, look.
He just can't get a thing .
Rar .
It's
We have got to get it together
We have got to get it together
You won't feel a thing till I jam this down your throat
You got it, Pop
Just let me run a few prints through it first
I dried everything in the shelves on him
Join me
Sweet
Squeezing taste, some monsterism
A needle jerked into Winston's arm
But somewhere or other there was a large patch of emptiness
As though a piece had been taken out of his brain
An utterly weak, and his spine goes limp and nervously
He is going into shock
He is crashing
He can't breathe
Viruses
Viruses
Viruses
Are molecular sharks
A motive without a mind
They had been injected with the hottest type of Ebola known to the world
You did what?
It was the Myinga strain of Ebola Zaire
Oh
This strain had come from a young nurse named Myinga N
Who died of the virus on October 19th, 1976
Some of her blood had ended up in the United States
Kept in super freezers at the Institute
At the temperature of liquid nitrogen
Man, woman, child, all of them
And the whole world is up against the wall of science
We have got to get it together
Now
Meanwhile, far below the Earth's surface
If only I had a little pink button to push
That could wipe out this town
You hold the power of the magic eraser
And it's your turn now
To believe in me
Miracle
Tell me, is it possible to get me a hydrogen bomb?
I doubt it, your majesty
How about germ warfare?
Do you know anything about that?
You mean poisoning the population?
Yes, that sounds like a fun project
How about rabies?
Could we spread that disease inexpensively?
I think so, your majesty
All we need is some rabbit bat pups to make a serum
Fine, let's try it
Rabbit bat pups?
And let's put in a little rat piss for good luck
You're a genius, your majesty
I know, I know
Give me a ticket for an airplane
Ain't got time to take a fast train
Lonely days are gone
I'm going home
My baby
We broke the alarm
I'm going home
It's all wrapped up in one big beautiful pink package
And if you could put a stamp on it and mail it to Washington to your favorite senator
You might get in a few good licks for the human race
What did he mean by that?
I don't know
Perhaps you'll have a little peace and quiet for a while
Yes?
I don't bring you peace and love
I bring you fear, famine, pestilence
Dad, you got a letter from the city of New York
Throw it away
Nothing good has ever come out of New York City
Thank you again for playing, president
Thank you
I'm all for the았� Bill
How come a Или safe?
I mean, it's been a
It's good for me
Go on and be a good I hooks
Love you to the world
Look at their straight teeth
A little bit
Anyway, where did all this come from project come from Jews
Actually, I think for the sake of history
Chicago in what said they're still up for adoption
They say the borrowing of securities and money since early ge flaps
And they think it's post office
that had a threatening note inside
and a powdery substance inside of the letter.
You big mailman, squeal on me.
They conducted an analysis of the substance with bio-tickets.
Both of those tickets came back negative.
Now, who's being naive?
And the shepherd's boy cried,
Woof!
His neighbors, supposing him to be playing his old game,
paid no attention to his cries.
While the wolf killed and devoured as many sheep as he wanted.
Thus, the shepherd's boy learned
that liars are not believed even when they tell the truth.
And then, and all of us understand
that we will develop the truth over time
because there's not a desire to hide it.
Yeah, right. Me too.
Woof!
That was terrible.
I'll just sprinkle you all with some amnesia dust.
Woof!
I say live it or live with it.
We're not that far gone, but we're on the road.
The yellow brick road. We're off to see the wizard.
Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain.
This interview is over.
Wash, wash, wash.
Wash your hands before doing anything.
It has to do with food.
What about the rumors that a biological weapon
has been stolen and smuggled out of the country
during this conference?
Wash, wash, wash.
Be a germ fighter with me.
Wash, wash, wash.
Wash, wash, wash.
Wash, wash, wash.
You can better communicate.
As a result of hardening the homeland
against a virus attack with first-time responders,
our neighborhoods,
will be ultimately safer for crime.
It's funny because it's true.
Our response has been to weave a web of terrorism prevention
and is the linchpin of all of our efforts to protect terrorism.
Well observed.
Homeland security will make America not only stronger,
but in many ways better.
Knowledge gained from bioterrorism research
will improve public health.
We will develop vaccines,
to fight anthrax and other deadly diseases.
Naturally, we'll have more on this story
as soon as it develops.
We don't know exactly what the substance is.
What we do know is,
according to our protocols,
we've notified the FBI.
The FBI is on scene now.
This is now going to be a matter of a criminal investigation
conducted by the FBI
in conjunction with the United States Capitol Police.
FBI, good morning.
FBI.
Yes, good morning, sir.
FBI, how did you hear it in the hospital?
I know who did this.
It was those bullies at Tom and his Martin High School.
That's who.
Whoa!
There are now approximately 150 guerrilla groups
planning a revolution.
The Church of Jesus Christ is...
It'll never happen in my life.
I have nothing over which to get concerned.
Who are they?
First, we have the white.
A, 18 active-type Ku Klux Klan groups.
B, the National States Rights Party.
C, the Nationalist Socialist...
White People's Party.
Marathon Nazi Party.
D, the Minutemen.
E, the Christian Nationalist Crusade.
Anti-Semitic, anti-Jewish.
F, the White Panthers headquarters in Ann Arbor.
You'll hear much about them in a minute.
Secondly, you have the blacks.
Over 100 different groups.
A, Black Panthers.
B, Islam, the fruit of Islam.
C, the Republic of New Africa.
Hey, what you talking about?
I...
You know that hassle last summer
between the bikers and the Indian people
out in the black hills?
There was a bunch of cops and a bunch of bikers
and the Indian medicine people.
It's not that.
What?
Here for what we did to that boy.
It wasn't quite right, you know.
I think we made a crazy man.
You're calling me crazy,
but I got a bad feeling about this guy.
All right, then, let's do it.
Okay.
Look at this guy.
DJ, run it back.
Here we go.
Freeze.
Don't move.
Drop that ax.
I have to put the ax down?
This man, the FBI believes,
was involved in nefarious activity.
What was the evidence?
Well, the man was seen walking into his home one day
with a large pot.
And he was later seen dumping some liquid
out his back door.
Oh, my God.
Oh, man.
That's ugly.
Well, it turns out that the large pot
that he was carrying into his house
was for his wife's favorite chicken and rice dish.
And it just turns out
that the liquid that he was dumping out his back door
was soap water
that had come from a backed-up dishwasher.
Yeah, right.
Me too.
It's hard for me to clean this giant pot
when it keeps blowing meat tenderizer all over me.
Oh, great.
Now I gotta work in the dark.
Oh, my God.
Now, what's particularly sad and troubling
about this incident
is not even those blatantly unconstitutional measures
that the FBI took,
although they're disturbing.
What is particularly sad about this incident
is that when later asked about his reaction,
this man said,
the FBI can come into my home whenever they want.
I'm not complaining.
It's not particularly easy scientifically
to figure out that this particular strain of anthrax
came from this particular place or person.
It's pretty hard to figure out.
I think the FBI is doing its best
and the Center for Disease Control
is doing its best to try to get to the bottom
of who caused the anthrax attack.
Not me. I'm more of a male tamper.
Yes?
Boss, we've got a problem.
International health authorities were urgently concerned
to find the exact source of the infected monkeys.
Well, you know,
$29.95, I mean, it's not that big a deal.
What?
Hold the price on me.
Now, that's a friend rate.
$29.95 is a friend rate.
Trust me.
You go out on the internet,
well, we don't have time for all this capital flamboyance.
Money, when it was needed.
When the scandal hit the FBI,
kickbacks in an insider trading investigation,
the administration knew where to go.
The boy from Phoenix had a reputation.
He'd cleaned up the Phoenix force
and he'd clean up the FBI.
But he wouldn't try too hard.
Not many people remember his early days in Phoenix.
The night spent hunting drunk Indian chicks.
And, uh, I'm sorry that, uh, these discoveries have been made.
With that in mind, do you have any concern about the FBI investigation?
I say to myself, not bad.
And pull out your booze-soaked, sniveling rum pot.
That's all I'm taking from you.
Get back here, you jackass!
Let him finish.
We've changed the attitude of the FBI.
I mean, we're not, we're interested in spies.
We're on the hunt.
Shhh!
Major cities in all parts of the country, in New York,
Los Angeles, report plague victims falling dead in the streets,
in their homes, at their work.
The first symptom appears to be severe choking,
followed by immediate unconsciousness.
Death occurs within minutes.
Our fellow countrymen are dying.
The very foundations of civilization are beginning to crumble
under the dread assault of that horror long feared.
You're a morpher.
We hit the older people either bad outright,
or went to the third stage pretty fast.
Well, you know, Linus and Mike, Alvin and me,
we had some kind of psychotic illusions,
occasional stages of torture like a cave-in.
I've eaten everything that the Roach faced,
severe old cakes, and I still feel like crap.
It's me.
Turn on the TV.
Already, hospital facilities have begun to crack under the strain,
and civil defense authorities face the situation as much the same
across the entire country.
Martial law is now nationwide.
We have in this country a tradition of invoking this law,
only when the most dangerous thing is to be done.
dire of circumstances requiring, but at what cost? All eyes now turn to New York City to see if
martial law will bring the terror to an end. Good morning. Today, with the invocation of the
War Powers Act by the president, I am declaring a state of martial law in this city. To the best
of our knowledge, we are opposed by no more than 20 of the enemy. He's hiding among a population
of roughly 2 million. Intelligence tells us that he is most likely Arab-speaking, between the age
of 14 and 30, narrowing the target to 15,000 suspects. We can further reduce that number down
to those that have been in this country less than six months. Now you have 20 hiding among 2,000.
If you are one of these 20 young men, you can hide among a population of similar ethnic backgrounds.
Unfortunately for you, you can only hide there. And that population in a classic immigration
pattern is concentrated right here in Brooklyn. We intend to seal off this borough. Then we intend
to squeeze it.
This is the land of opportunity, gentlemen. The opportunity to turn yourselves in. After sundown
tonight, any young man fitting the profile I described who has not cooperated will be arrested
and detained. There is historically nothing more corrosive to the morale of a population than
policing its own citizens. But the enemy would be sadly mistaken if they were to doubt our resolve.
They are now face to face with the most fearsome military machine in the history of man.
And I intend to use it to be back on base in time for the playoffs.
Thank you for your time.
They will have more on this story as soon as it develops.
You better see a doctor.
A tiny core of doggy doctors. They take care of the army's guard dogs, as well as army horses,
army cows, army sheep, army pigs, army mules, army rabbits, army mice, and army monkeys.
Plus his clothing.
No, no, I don't know anything about the monkey army.
This doctor.
I don't know anything about the monkey army.
I don't know anything about the monkey army.

Hello?
This is the solar process.
Wow, it's been a long time since you've been in a consult me.
Still a lousy attempt.
I'll make it worth your while to make me feel better.
What'd you say, huh?
What's your question again? I wasn't listening.
I don't want to hear it again.
Now let me just shut up, okay?
I'm sorry.
Oh, man.
Oh, God.
At the Institute...
Welcome to the Consulate.
The seats are narrow and jammed together, and you notice everything that is happening
inside the cabin.
You would not have been able to ignore the man who is getting sick.
He is holding an air sickness bag over his mouth.
He coughs a deep cough and regurgitates something into the bag.
He opens his mouth and gasps into the bag.
The vomiting goes on endlessly.
I'm sorry.
You see, it's been a really long time.
The air sickness bag fills up to the brim with a substance known as the Vomitone Negro, or
the Black Vomit, a stew of tarry granules mixed with fresh red arterial blood.
It is hemorrhage and it smells like a slaughterhouse.
The Black Vomit is loaded with virus.
It is highly infective, lethaly hot, a liquid that would scare the daylights out of a military
biohazard specialist.
Son, I think I can safely say, woo!
the bag is bulging and softening, threatening to leak,
and he hands it to a flight attendant.
Hmm, wise guy. You better see a doctor.
No medical logic. Steam should be shooting out of his ears.
His ears are for a lot.
When a hot virus multiplies in a host,
it can saturate the body with virus particles,
from the brain to the skin.
The military experts say, then,
that the virus has undergone extreme amplification.
During this process, the body is partly transformed
into virus particles.
The end result is a great deal of liquefying flesh mixed with virus.
His personality is being wiped away by brain damage.
Tiny spots in his brain are liquefying.
The higher functions of consciousness are winking out.
The human virus bomb explodes.
He's rupturing, Captain.
Pressure sense.
Reading's confirmed.
He blew a left testicle.
Military biohazard specialists have ways of describing
the virus.
They say that the victim crashed and bled out.
Or more politely, they say that the victim went down.
Is anyone here not a downer?
That's nice.
Some of the men suffered from blown up,
semi-rotten testicles.
Sure, sure.
More testicles mean more iron.
That's nice.
All of us want to know,
just as much as I want to know,
whose response
to the

the



All our best to you two.
And ten minutes later, every cop in the state will be after us.
Plus the FBI.
Must prevent the terrorists and regimes who seek chemical, biological, or nuclear weapons
from threatening the United States and the world.
The Iraqi regime has plotted to develop anthrax and nerve gas and nuclear weapons for over
a decade.
This is a regime that has already used poison gas to murder thousands of its own citizens.
This is a regime that has already used poison gas to murder thousands of its own citizens.
Rules of old, poison gas, and obsolete germ bombs.
Just as a freak tornado crews through.
Sucking up two thirds of it.
Suck, suck, suck.
For untimely dispersal over vast stretches of...
For untimely dispersal over vast stretches of...
What!?
A wasteland.
I wonder if it comforts him.
I wonder if I'll ever see a stream full of fish again.
I wonder if I'll ever see a stream full of fish again.
Where'd you ever see a stream full of fish in Harlem?
You crazy bitch!
At the Moosey.
As a result of hardening the homeland against a bias attack with first time responders,
What!
to detect biological and chemical weapons,
and agents. We're gonna have an even swifter response to food contamination.
That's my boy!
It was O'Brien who was directing everything. It was he who set the guards onto Winston and who prevented them from killing him.
It was he who decided when Winston should scream with pain, when he should have a respite, when he should be fed, when he should sleep, when the drugs should be pumped into his arm.
It was he who asked the questions and suggested the answers. He was the tormentor. He was the protector. He was the inquisitor. He was the friend.
I guess what I want you to know as a father is...
You're no son of mine! You don't...
He paused and signed to the man in the white coat.
Good news, boys! I found a pharmacy that carries leeches! Well, it wasn't exactly a pharmacy. More of a bait shop!
Well, I'm fine. I really don't need any more home remedies.
Oral thermometer my eye!
Think warm thoughts, boy, cause this is mighty cold!
Gotta pay the town!
This infectious diarrhea always precedes lunch time.
Can I have the first slide, please?
I think I'm gonna be sick!
The etiologic agent that causes infectious diarrhea usually can be divided into three large groups. Bacterial, viral, and parasitic.
In a large group of people, the virus is called a parasite.
It's a parasite that can eliminate the terrorist parasites.
Actually, it doesn't necessarily cause diarrhea per se. It penetrates through the intestinal mucosa to the mesenteric lymph node and then to the bloodstream and causes enteric fetal.
Oh!
And the most frequent major symptoms here are nausea, vomiting, abdominal cramps, infectious diarrhea...
Yes!
Space monkey. Ready to sacrifice himself for the greater good.
Sacrifice? Nonsense.
Doctor, what can I do? The cough wracks his body day and night.
Let them take this man of yours up into the hills, where his cough-torn lungs can breathe clean, fresh air.
But he perishes because the gods are angry.
He perishes because we live in a world full of superstitious fools.
It isn't the gods that make a man sick or well.
The gods could strike you dead for saying that.
Perhaps they will, but I'm sure they won't strike me with a bellyache.
That's heresy.
Nature follows certain definite laws, which can be observed.
And the course of a disease may be more or less predicted.
And don't forget, in any population, there's always the so-called background diarrhea level of 2 to 5%.
So, if you develop diarrhea, it may not be due to the foreign country, it may be due to yourself, okay, because there is such a thing as a background diarrhea rate.
He looks pretty sick to me.
Hey!
I think he's coming around.
He's coming around, folks.
He's gonna be okay and ready to play Symptom 6 of Beat the Reaper!
Last week, our patient successfully survived the common cold, measles, pneumonia, dengue fever, and the yawns.
And now, the big question.
Are you ready to go up?
Where?
Where?
He's ready!
And now, our countless nurse Judy is wheeling our patient into the isolation ward.
Well, let's try the test vaccine, uh, 93B71.
Can you hear me in there?
How the hell do I know?
Okay, let's shoot him up!
Now, patient, you have 10 seconds to tell us what you've got and beat the Reaper!
Uh...
Uh...
I'm shaking.
Please, please, please.
I have...
My hands are all...
I'm turning yellow.
My...
My God, I've got jaundice!
Jaundice it is!
Give him here, Judy!
Well, that's Symptom 6.
And now, you've reached the final threshold.
Here's the question.
Are you ready for symptom number seven, longer than any patient has ever survived before?
I wanna go home.
Only one way to do that.
Doctor, bring in the super shot.
I'm ready.

I'm ready.












Now, for the first time on Beat the Reaper, we're going for the big disease.
The icebox is being unlocked by the president of the Armenian Medical Association, under
whose strict supervision these toxins are being administered.
Uh...
Uh...
This is it.
Doctor, give him that really big disease!
Now, patient, can you hear me?
You've got 10 seconds to tell us what you've got and, for the last time, beat the Reaper!
I think I feel...
I think I feel...
I don't know...
Whatever it is...
I wanna die!
Oh, I'm terribly sorry.
That's not correct.
You didn't beat the Reaper.
According to my careful prosthesis, this man has the plague.













Thank you, Doctor.
You're welcome.
You've got the plague.
Well, isn't he a good sport, folks?
We'll be back in just a moment with our next patient, but first...
Pulling off the towel, he revealed an unmarked cardboard box wound heavily with tape,
put it in the trunk of his car, and drove to the Institute.
And, uh, the jars of urine?
Ooh, we'll hang on to those.
Ah, these Laramie cigarettes give me the steady nerves I need to combat evil.
You're a radioactive man.
A massive traffic tie-up as the death rate continues to soar.
And now, let's go to the river's edge and Charles B. Smith.
Torches blazing, the long line of shrouded funeral rafts drift lazily into view.
Great Black Death.
Candles flickering as hell turns.
The excitement is contagious, and so are the Black Cross volunteers
as they pass from family to family, pausing now and again to touch a child's head.
I wish I could, but I can't.
And I know they're going to do everything they can to safeguard the labs and other federal facilities
from being infected by these spores and this material.
Pick up and recall.
Most Alan Black was worried death and future-web
Crocodile?
only in nature an obscenity so extreme that it dissolves imperceptibly into beauty oh ordinarily
i take advantage of an introduction like that i'm so damn sick uh i'm evil suzy i had the appointment
and uh yeah just for your own information i'm much more tractable if you get as many
pills down as you can in the first few minutes of the consultation okay
are you 46 oh yeah
oh
i guess it'll help
so damn sick
yeah really lucky to be ambulatory
oh
i'll go
a gallbladder attack or a liver abscess could cause fever and jaundice and abdominal pain
the red eyes she could not explain oh yeah that was uh uh
what is this a big cage this was a room known as the staging area
she found a box of latex rubber surgical gloves
everybody's feeling gay
who the hell is that
who the hell are you
we're the lymph node institute i'm dr bug bladder i'm doc ellis i'm dr t-9 whatever works for
you
i'm evil suzy
who knows who's like i know i don't i don't know her in the biblical church way oh yeah
boy what that is
she leaned forward and vomited copiously on the floor of the room and she was like oh
yeah that was what it sounded like
that's better she said leaning back with closed eyes never keep it down that's what i say
get it up while it's fresh on your stomach like she revived turned to have another look
at winston and seemed immediately to take a fancy to him she put a vast arm around his
shoulder and drew him toward breathing beer and vomit into his face so you're a kid yeah
because you're off to a good time well i'm gonna take a look at the details at the other

Oh, Grandpa.
I want you to be on.
You guys are fun.
She was eager to prove herself, especially since some people around me were skeptical
of her ability to work in a space suit in Level 4.
Hey, look guys.
I'm with Pantyhose.
He can't get much safer than that.
Uh-huh.
And it quivers.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Awesome.
I'm with Pantyhose.









Just so I know.
The people of Dun boca stop there.
Lovely.
Stephen and N skeetches finally meet.
Oh, is that so.

It's super cute.
He's desapicied.
D'you likeارigar inteiro?
Can't even be sure what you want from him.
This is just probably the best joke in the whole show.
Let's go.
Let's go, guys.
Uh, I remember that.
Me too.
That's nice.
This was long before anthrax, any of that.
They were around.
They were on.
Remember that time we partied with anthrax?
Yeah, we were cool.
Oh, it's on.
It's on.
Red light.
Red light.
At the Institute, there is a level four containment hospital called the Slammer, where a patient
can be treated by doctors and nurses wearing spacesuits.
If you are exposed to a hot agent and you go into the Slammer and fail to come out alive,
then your body is taken to a nearby level four containment morgue known as the Submarine.
What's up with that?
If you do nothing, you should mention it.
If enough cells are destroyed, the host dies.
A virus does not want to kill its host.
That is not in the best interest of the virus, because then the virus may also die, unless
it can jump fast enough out of the dying host into a new host.
They did not care to do research on Ebola, because they did not want Ebola to do research
on them.
No one else wanted to do it.
Wanted to do what?
Do it.
Okay.
Hell, I know.
I am a...
Oh, my pancreas on the floor.
That was...
What was that?
Oh, my God.
I'm surprised I got any jibble.
I lost a bunch of them out front.
I was waiting for someone to come to the door.
Then I just scooped them up and put them in that big, decorative, you know, removable
bowl.
I don't think...
I don't think...
A big ashtray of people had to empty...
I mean...
Well, I think it was like...








Well, I think it was like...
I was the first.
There was a big guy that...
Hey, this is just a throw-up.
...threw up.
And she'd known about her imagination.
She'd touched the...
The Level 4 airlock is a grey area, a place where two worlds meet.
Where the hot zone touches the normal world.
A great deal of blood waited on the other side.
She would be handling it.
A bit vectors, she would soon see theSiDutter.



It gets really hot on the planet Earth.
폭
unf
surviving
.
Jacob
Stop franchising us.
Fine, fine.
Take care.
Y'all are real awesome.
The door led into an airlock and level four.
The door was plastered with a biohazard symbol and warning.
You know, I still call that idiot pronounce.
Hey, where are you guys going?
I thought you were going to go in.
I'm making my lunch.
You lousy bastard.
I know how high tech nerds like you operate.
I know you got a view scope around here.
You enjoy your lunch after you see this.
Oh, darling.
God, there's been an exposure.
I can't entertain myself.
What a loose hospital.
I wonder what this little pig butt is for.
Daddy.
Abort firings. Abort firings.
Interception will fragment the silly carrying missile.
Repeat. Abort firings.
You sent it to Jesus.
Here is the Pentagon.
The warned judgment.
Well, here it is.
Here.
Now.
In the form of billions of microscopic bacilli.
This is the end.
20, 30, 40 percent among the 18 to 55-year-old segments of their populations.
And yes, these numbers are accurate.
No way.
It is not difficult to imagine.
The substantial depopulation of large areas.
Are you out of your mind?
Come on.
I wish it were possible to do everything at once.
And you better believe it.
Give it to me straight.
And not hang around anybody that doesn't believe it.
I can take it.
You get their plague.
Oh, man.
Some of you already have been bit by it.
Oh, he bit me with my own teeth.
Your risk of getting these diseases begins now.

To decrease.
Oh, I'm quitting for my health, too.
Psychosomatic.
Does that mean you're crazy?
No, that means he was faking it.
No, actually, it was a little of both.
Sometimes when a disease is in all the magazines and on all the news shows, it's only natural
that you think you have it.
It was brought home to me how Americans are already answering that call.
Hello?
Oh, I'm nuts.
When I spoke to a friend of mine, he said, you know, I'm not going to be able to get






to New York.
I have a friend of mine who is the head of a postal union.
Shortly after we learned of the anthrax threat, I asked him how he was doing.
Not well, he said.
We've lost two workers in Somerset.
He said, I went to New Jersey where they had some of the biggest problems.
Because of anthrax, all the workers were working in a tent exposed to the cold, hand sorting
the mail.
He said, I thought I was going to get an earful.
But when I asked for questions, he said, you know, I don't know what to do.
A man stood up and said, I've been a postal worker for 30 years.
We're here.
We're here.
The punishment was you and those like you brought upon us.
You taught them how to make bombs.
That's why you were looking for the wiring signatures on that blue bus.
Now they're here.
Doing what you taught them how to do.
There's no probe here.
Find one.
Yes, sir.
This place is dirty, doctor.
Doctor, these animals are dirty.
They stink.
They carry communicable diseases.
Why aren't they cleaned up before they're brought here?
You don't sound happy in your words.
A little more than a vet in this laboratory.
Hey, Darby.
I'm just passing through.
She unplugged her air hose and unlatched the steel door and entered an airlock.
The airlock was made entirely of stainless steel,
and it was lined with nozzles for spraying water and chemicals.
This was the decon shower, the decontamination shower.
The door closed behind them, and they crossed over to the hot side.
One side keeps the other side going.
Hey!
I hear about some monkeys.
Hey, who is this?
You gotta get in line behind this alien, Bimbo, though.
They unplugged their air hoses and proceeded down the hallway and entered the monkey room.
The healthy monkeys went nuts.
Humans and spaces made monkeys nervous.
All the monkeys in those cages were infected with Ebola virus.
Their immune system had failed or gone haywire.
They sat almost motionless in their cages,
watching the two officers with expressionless faces.
They had been injected.
They were infected with the hottest type of Ebola known to the world.
It was the myelitis strain of Ebola's I.E.
I love little poor little guys.
Oh, you know, I know just how you feel, poor little people.
Oh, you're all sad and foamy.
I know I want to cheer you little guys up.
Come on, let's take a walk.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Take some flies when you eat outside.
Remember, flies carry dangerous germs on their feet.
They're not so many with the germs.
On the morning of Earth, traffic this morning is as bad as it gets.
Due to the fire at the Omicast lab, a bunch of escaped infected monkeys are roaming the expressway.
Despite the sweltering heat, don't unroll your windows because those monkeys seem confused and cannibal.
Come on.
The army is reporting the ape's position.
General Sutton clearly favors a capture and not a kill.
Units under Colonel Nevin have left their headquarters
to block the male gorilla and divert him to where he can be apprehended.
Oh, no. My dad's going to kill me.
The virus absolutely nuked the monkeys.
It was a complete slate wiper.
Is there anything you can do, Doctor?
I'm going to see how you've lost over 200 million patients.
You seem like a nice lady.
Well, that nice lady set the cause of biological warfare back 30 years.
We're only now.
I'm finally caught up.
Hey.
You know, I'm starting to feel a lot better.
Maybe there's something to this medical science racket.
Sister, you're healed. You can get out of that bed.
I don't know about that.
Now he gets the house.
There's a whole bunch of them in there going crazy.
Woo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!
It's so bad. I'm so scared.
I'm dead.
Jesus, you should have been.
You're going to get out of here quicker.
If Jesus doesn't come quick enough, do you give up?
Huh?
You've got Groningson's disease.
I can see 10 clear symptoms on your flesh.
You're going to be dead in two weeks.
And I became convinced I had the disease.
The symptoms were so evident and said,
Oh, what should I do?
And then you said,
Don't worry. This is a cure to Groningson's disease.
I told my house to raise the money to give it to you.
It's given to you as a free gift.
I'm not going to despise your sacrifice.
I'm going to appreciate it.
And I'm going to appropriate it.
Why?
Because I've seen the disease.
But I might appreciate the cure.
And, Sally, what's happened in the U.S. and the Western world as follows
is that we have preached the cure without first convincing you of the disease.
Whoa!
My brethren, our task is nearly complete.
He was the last of those who brought the punishment to us.
We have cleansed and purged his world.
I don't have it.
Have what?
It's plague.
I'm immune.
Everybody has it.
Everybody but me.
Yeah.
Ten days after he fell sick, the doctors noticed a change for the better.
His fever subsided and his eyes cleared.
His mind and personality came back.
And he recovered slowly but completely.
He was released from the hospital.
And then, right after that, he died.
And I kind of feel there's something that's quite right about that.
It's a little odd, but the way he died, I kind of question it.
It seems to be a lot of unanswered questions.
Zoos of this blood went to laboratories around the world.
Some of it ended up in glass bottles.
Oh, no!
And freezers owned by the United States Army,
where it is kept immortal in a zoo of hot agents.
It was a complete slate labor.
Well, after that, all I've got to say.
You want to know what's going on?
Go on subgenius.com or sfscon.net
if you want to get more information.
