Ladies and gentlemen, welcome aboard our McDonnell Douglas DC-88 space liner for today's mission to Mars.
The captain has asked that you remain in your seats at all times. And please, no smoking.
Attention please. Folks, this is 3rd Officer Collins speaking. I'm your tour guide today and I'll be telling you about what's going on during the trip.
Right now we're on final countdown and you can watch our liftoff on the lower screen in your cabin. I'll speak to you again after we're in space.
Mission Control, this is Mars 295 ready for departure. 295 roger, countdown is go.
Going up in 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.
Mars...
...Mars...
We'll meet again at midnight.
From PR News in Washington, I'm possessing and producing a biological toxin.
The Dow 7374479962.
A new UN report states this is PR News in Washington.
FOX 15 Maybe existent sexual assault on blank
Any woman in a brown uniform vacuuming a supply closet deserves to hear of how I take my pleasure.
Any woman in a brown uniform vacuuming a supply closet deserves to hear of how I take my pleasure. I use following degrees on 연습. AND I Environmental Protection. Equipping myself with camouflage to keep my clothes and clothes safe from unsafe. UFOs happen sometimes. Heaviness gets hold of me to make me suffocate. Just what they call the fet després de una Box 45licought nas cercan masати. Pearson you have heart attack while Tallinn issac lact
exclusively designed at the Colorado Littleton Institute of Technology, or CLIT,
manufacturing personal devices of unspeakable filth since 1951.
My favorite product is this, the Core Annulator.
It gives literal meaning to the phrase, tear yourself a new ass hole.
I have already installed four new orifices in my body so that I may interface with up to six creatures at once,
transfixing my body with all vanishing sensations emanating from the depths of my brain.
It is a source of pride, pleasure, and this is so important.
Remove the earth woman. Prepare her for a pleasure.
And then there's the chicken bone love fetish.
Okay.
Uh...
I need a volunteer. I've already registered myself voluntarily, otherwise I wouldn't be here.
And the girls back on stage!
A person


Cornish, not even handled.
Cut the top, stairs way ahead.
Stockpiles, not yet.
Never tips over.
Stands upon his own.
He is a blockhead.
Thinking and foreground.
He comes well prepared.
Cut the top, square off.
Eight corners, nine of the angle.
Cut the top, stairs.
Straight ahead.
Stockpiles, not handled.
Cut the top, square off.
Eight corners, nine of the angle.
Cut the top, stairs.
Straight ahead.
Sneak eyes, blockhead.
Cut the top, square off.
Eight corners, nine of the angle.
Cut the top, stairs.
Straight ahead.
Stockpile, blockhead.
Blockhead.
Blockhead.
Blockhead.
Blockhead.
Blockhead.
Blockhead.

Blockhead.
I can't.
I can't.
Delicious little candies.
Delicious, delicious, delicious little candies.
All touching my body.
Schon Morgen.
Ist die Hydra die Herrscherin über die Welt?
Zum Sieg geboren auf den Schwingen der Valkyre.
Die Waffen unserer Feinde sind machtlos gegen uns.
Wenn Sie ein Flugzeug abschießen,
dann lassen hundert weitere neue Feuer auf Sie herabregnen.
Wenn Sie einen Kopf abschneiden,
werden zwei neue nachwachsen.
Heil Hydra.
Heil Hydra!
Heil Hydra!
Heil Hydra!
Heil Hydra!
Die damaging Drogs
Schein
Sheet
Mishался
War
What are they?
They can destroy the spiritual,
Patty
Its
Eylul
Lo Still
alas

Two
Sons
And dear friends, this is going to be one of those special shows.
Actually, it's more of a normal show tonight, I should say.
Quote, normal, unquote.
Because it's just a mix of stuff all interspersed.
We've got new PR news from Lemur and a new Psychoskeletons tune.
We're going to play the last of our Leipzig trip recordings, probably.
And also lots of music this time.
The really crazy stuff that we've heard a little bit of about the chicken bone love fetish is by Reagan's Polyp, old friend of ours.
Some of those have Pope Sternodocs, our even older friend, on them.
It's from some CD reissues of the older Reagan's Polyp material.
And although we missed the devotional,
we
did get Reverend Toth Wilder's annual compilation of Devo covers.
Praise Toth.
Called Not Necessarily Beautiful But Mutated, Volume 10.
It's a double CD this time, of which that earlier great version of Blockhead was by Rural War Room.
Say that three times fast.
Rural War Room, Rural War Room, Rural War Room.
Featuring St. Byron Warner.


Among others.
And what's in the background is the brain worm that's been deviling me for a week now.
But now, Reagan's Polyp.
One, nine, one, two, one, four.
One, nine, one, two, one, four.
One, nine, one, two, one, two.
You've got a Patrick Glass is coming at youmanuel here.
найд, all the way up there...


in this area.
The future is evil.
Everything전
marriages

stories of 24 1onto main Glendale or Michael Luckily Films struggled to tell afterray radio stationernevesy
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
Allow me to tell you about my latest obsession.
For some months now, I've been trying to figure out how to convert deterministic pushdown automata to non-deterministic pushdown automata.
And I think that's what I'm going to do.
I think I've found a way.
You see, what you do is, you get her to open her shirt, revealing her deterministic pushdown automata.
And then you get a plunger, and you just convert her deterministic pushdown automata to non-deterministic pushdown automata.
You know?
I miss you so much!
Stay Tuned to the end story, the camera for discussinbots. The end legislator.

P guerra cruza final!
Ad-lib of Maurice Lalande.
Ad-lib장을 del Hisporto.
The World Bank focuses on the Congress Growth and Opportunity Act,
a measure passed by Congress offering incentives for Congress to build greater prosperity.
Kerry says,
The question is, will we hit, can we new, the 832?
Kerry says,
And again, for example, if he is not eligible and the vote for virtue is a consequence.
He's slated to meet with PR News Washington.
Alabama is one of 10 states to pass a law requiring PR News.
Researchers say nutrient runoffs contribute to PR News in Cleveland.
On Wall Street 14.
Speaking on ES this morning, authorities said this is PR News.
The announcement follows a weekend-long ban that left roughly half a million military bases in Texas, Oklahoma, and California scrambling for PR News Washington.
The announcement follows a weekend-long ban that left roughly half a million military bases in Texas, Oklahoma, and California scrambling for PR News Washington.
The announcement follows a weekend-long ban that left roughly half a million military bases in Texas, Oklahoma, and California scrambling for PR News Washington.
The announcement follows a weekend-long ban that left roughly half a million military bases in Texas, Oklahoma, and California scrambling for PR News Washington.
The announcement follows a weekend-long ban that left roughly half a million military bases in Texas, Oklahoma, and California scrambling for PR News Washington.

The announcement follows a weekend-long ban that left roughly half a million military bases in Texas, Oklahoma, and Korea scrambling for PR News Washington.
The announcement follows a weekend-long ban that left roughly half a million military bases in Texas, Oklahoma, and California scrambling for PR News Washington.
Go through some core mutation
Down in the middle of the night alone
Two players alone in a disco hall
Doing things I never did before
Inside I'm coming back for more
Little girl with a foreign lips
Never knew it would be like this
You put me in a situation
Go through some core mutation
Down in the middle of the night alone
Going back to my place where I'm being straight
I'm not telling you to do me wrong
Inside I'm coming back for more
Little girl with a foreign lips
Never knew it would be like this
You put me in a situation
Go through some core mutation
Down in the middle of the night alone
Doing things I never did before
Inside I'm coming back for more
Little girl with a foreign lips
Never knew it would be like this

Going back to my place where I'm being straight




Little girl with a foreign lips
Never knew it would be like this
Hello. Hello.
We're sitting in the middle of the night
We're sitting on the steps of the Stasi Museum
Which we came out of just now
Having learned very little
Because all of the Stasi Museum is in German
And it's about the life under the Cold War secret police
In this East German city
Which was apparently kind of an invasion of privacy
Kind of. On many levels
Apparently they read every letter that was mailed in the city
We saw a special machine for unsealing and then resealing letters
So you couldn't tell they'd been messed with
They had all kinds of remote photography and recording devices
Yeah, secret cameras inside briefcases and purses and stuff
So we learned a lot about how to resist the Stasi
When they came in
That's when we're starting to get stronger in America
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
And last night we had the subgenius party at the Shishka bar
Shisha
A hookah is a shisha here
He'll probably be there for us
He'll probably be there for us
He'll probably be there for us
We'll go all the way
Oh what fun it is to ride in a one horse open sleigh
Hooray
It's a nice song.
Jingle Bells?
Sure.
Jingle all the way.
Oh what fun it is to ride in a one horse open sleigh.
Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way.
Oh what fun it is to ride in a one horse open sleigh.
Jingle all the way.
You know.
Then we know what it's said.
Oh, poor Tannenbaum.
Oh, poor Tannenbaum.
Oh, poor Tannenbaum.
Oh, poor Tannenbaum.
Oh, poor Tannenbaum.
I should have done it in Russian.
Oh.
In the forest a Christmas tree was born.
In the forest it grew.
In the winter the forest grew.
In the winter it grew.
No, no, no.
I don't want no climbing.
Don't want no climbing.
Climbing!
Climbing!
Climbing!
Climbing!
Climbing to the två
To adapt!
What is all the pink and purple pipage?
Do you have any guesses?
Pink and purple pipage.
Pink and purple pipage everywhere.
It's what they call the PPP.
I see.
You see those P's everywhere?
Is that anything like Philo's Perfect Pipe Placement?
No, it's different.
Oh, okay.
It's Pink and Purple Pipe Placement.
Oh, okay.
But in this case, they're placed in a big arch over the road
and then continuing up through the park.
Yeah, there are purple pipes perpendicular to the ground and parallel
all pimping up this park.
The Pink and Purple Pipe Park.
Pimpled Park, they call it.
Come on, Pfeffernoose.
Are you getting a selfie?
Come on, Pfeffernoose.
Yeah, Pfeffernoose.
Okay, Gospin Hockens.
Son and Fartin'.
And Stinkin'.
Abfart, Sonnen und Stinken.
Sonnen.
Hey, didn't we record a whole bunch of our fake German last night?
Oh, yes, we did.
And we were drunken and we laughed and laughed and laughed.
Probably funnier for us than for anyone else.
Probably much funnier for us than for anyone else, but it was entertaining.
Nenslo's told me not to do things like that or our numa numa thing.
Uh-huh.
He said, next time you do something like that,
I know it's fun for you.
But you shouldn't put it on YouTube.
But it was like, that means you should do it.
If Principal Nenslo says it's stupid,
it's like, well, then the more important it probably is.
Calm skin.
My team skin.
But get help.
Seen tant la morn.
I don't know what to do.
Because my wife...
Went away.
To the hands of God.
Just like in different religious traditions.

acial
Maa!
d
I wish that we could live up in Bucky
Yes.
and Tanya's room forever,
Yes.
in their upstairs room.
But we have to get back to our pet, the newt.
But tonight it will go down in Leipzig.
Last night, we have this extremely atmospheric old European town.
Walking by the jewelry store called Christ.
Where they have schmuck.
Yeah, the schmuck for schmucks.
They sell schmuck at Christ's.
Christ sells schmuck, I guess you could say.
So I guess we get off of our hurting, stinking feet
and go to the Abfahrtssonnen and stinking.
Abfahrtssonnen and stinking?
Abfahrtssonnen and stinking?
It just means schedule, I think.
Ah.
But it has the word fart in it, so it's funny.
He said fart.
Abfahrt.
Oops, that was not a normal fart.
That was an abfart.
We have to go home now, quickly.
We have to go home, quickly.
In the year of 1975, every creature on the planet was really a life.
There was no gene splicing and no GMO.
Still the five spud boys looked and said, oh no.
Oh no!
Democrats, Republicans, what's the diff?
The world's gone soft and it needs to be stiff.
The corporate feudal state is encircling the wagons.
Viewership is up and IQs are dragging.
No matter what.
No matter what.
No matter what.
No matter what.
No matter what you do, in the start is the end.
Universal truths outlive the trend.
Nothing ain't nothing if there ain't no idea.
I think you probably know, but I'm telling you here.
Devo-oo-a-hoo was right.
Devo-oo-a-hoo was right.
Devo-oo-a-hoo was right.
You know, I do believe that Devo was right.

Devo-oo-a-hoo was right.
Devo-oo-a-hoo was right.
Devo-oo-a-hoo was right.
Devo-oo-a-hoo was right.
Devo-oo-a-hoo was right.
Devo-oo-a-hoo was right.
The year of seven, eight is when I heard the call.
I saw that grinning golfer on that big golf ball.
I did not understand, but I wanted to know.
Ever since then, I've been here to go.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
Go, go, go, we can go, go!
Devo-hoo-wahoo was right!
I must repeat.
Devo was right.
Oh yes, dear friends.
Ah, yes.
Devo was right.
This show proves it.
That was sung by Malcolm Tent,
who we often see at the devotionals in Cleveland,
almost every year.
Before that, let's see,
there was a jaunty instrumental by the Psychoskeletons
called Kit 700.
Before that, kind of,
and before the Germany recordings,
there was Reagan's Polyp did
Nestle Up in Your Clammy.
And that version of Going Under,
the Devo tune,
was by Blank Men.
Again, those are from a compilation,
an annual compilation of Devo cover tunes
by a lot of different bands
called Nutmegs,
not necessarily beautiful, but mutated.
And you can find things by the participants,
like Rural War Room,
by Googling Rural War Room or Malcolm Tent
or whatevs.
But you cannot get that album from Lonesome Cowboy Dave,
I don't think.
Yes, it's a same wa.
And as far as our concrete,
the part that you sing more音
than us in möglichng a song
is I think the F الع
R 1998 on the length of어� McMahon


that with meaning that
this is music,
this is Dunkman 이거
can tell us something

Just we on you hyung
this is, we have to woman
út be eu
namum
,
this is move
thkay,
Did we tell you last week that Finn named The Large does Lonesome Cowboy Dave imitations?
Well, I just did, last week I did a large imitation because I did a Finnish accent.
Right. Oh, that's right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So you remember that show better than I did.
I may be able to locate some of the recordings of him doing that, but it was during a party.
And there's hours of this party recorded. And of course, it's embarrassing to listen to recordings of parties.
No, no, no, no. You've got to include it with the fabulous experience you had in Robert Taylor's school back in the days of the aeons, back when the spheres were all around.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, yeah, because they're not as round anymore.
No, they're a little rough and jaggedy.
Yeah, I can feel them when I sit down on them, too. It hurts.
You know, there's those pieces of flesh when we bit you real hard on the arm.
Yeah, yeah.
Those look really pretty.
Yeah, but she...
They're so, so pretty.
She has to bite me on the arm. That is what you're talking about, right?
I think so, huh?
I have trouble fighting.
You're following the show sometimes, you know.
Well, there's me, too.
Yeah, me, three.
I wonder how the audience feels, but I'm not going to let them call in and tell us, because I'm afraid I already know.
Yeah, they'll have all kinds of ideas that won't help.
Right.
But what I was thinking of before calling in on the phone where I have a hard time hearing you, as opposed to the phone where you have a hard time hearing me,
is I was just thinking, is it a focal point or two?
No.
A lot of times it's sophomoric and ugly and has a lot to do with poo-poo and things like that, but sometimes it's really sublime.
Don't you think?
What, this show?
Yes, well, of course.
Yes.
Not including myself, necessarily.
I'm saying...
Right.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, you can't get to the sublimity unless you also have the asininity.
The...
Yeah, brain...
The...
Yeah.

Yeah.
The...



The...

Yeah.
Yeah.





Yeah.





Neck and neck with the singularity.
Man, that about says it.
Yeah.
Yes.
Yeah, evolution is going both ways at once.
And Devo was right.
About everything.
Which will create more species, I think.
Well, not everything.
Almost.
We'll create a bunch of different species because they'll be like aggressive...
They'll be like Genghis Khan ones, where they invade a place and kill all the men and concubine all the women and have as many children as they can,
so they take over the whole country.
All the way down to the core, you know.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, that's one species.
Then there's the cow-like species that feed the...
The feeds...
The feed the overlords?
Yeah.
Well, actually, you know, we're HG-
We're reinventing the wheel here because HG Wells invented the wheel in this novel, The Time Machine, which featured the Morlocks, which at first you thought were monsters.
And then you realized that no, they're...
Yeah.
farmers and the wimpy humans are the crop.
Well, especially the ones with really, really, really enormously large eyes.
Yeah.
Well, that's good.
They live underground.
They had to have giant eyes.
Yeah.
And they have funny feet.
Princess Wee has Morlocks feet.
The Morlocks, you have to remember, are human.
In fact, in some ways, they're more human than human.
Because they still have technology where the other future people who look like little kids in the time machine, all they do is eat and frolic.
They're like the Rewardian subgeniuses will evolve into the Eloi.
And the Emergentile subgeniuses, all three of us, will evolve into the Morlocks.
By the way, that doesn't include you or Princess Wee, you know.
Well, I'm sorry.
I didn't want to be included, but if Wee's in there...
Well, you're not a Morlock.
You're not an Emergentile or a Morlock.
Or a Warlock, which is different.
I'm an Emergentile.
How dare you insult my profanity.
I'm a profoundist.
I'm a suit.
I'm very well to dare here.
I'm not a Morlock.
You are an Emergentile?
I'm an Emergentile and Eloi Loy.
Loy.
No, you're all mixed up.
No.
See, you're a Rewardian.
You're not an Emergentile type.
Okay.
And that says that I'm a Rewardian because I know if I do something,
a bee will smack me or I will have a false temperature or my forehead will swell up.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
It's a version.
In the great books of the yoga masters and stuff, there's two.
There's a version.
And what's the...
There's an attraction and aversion.
That's all there is in the universe.
Hold on just a second.
Hold on a second.
Yeah, just listen to this background music.
This is the good part.
It's a Brandenburg Concerto's number five Allegro.
Wendy Carlos.
Do you like the old Carlos?
No.
Here's the really good part.
Get ready.
Here it comes.
You're going to be spinning around and around the room if you have headphones.
It sounds like a duck in a car.
Well, that's not...
Actually, that's not the...
See, I'm...
It's not the part you're thinking about?
That wasn't the part.
There's a part where it really slings you around the room.
Like you're a rubber ball.
A rubber ball at the end of a rubber band.
I see even before I heard it.
I knew somehow on a subliminal level that it sounded like a duck in a car.
I don't know if this has ever happened to you.
But like say you leave your windows open and you go to a farm area and a duck jumps in your car.
It eats like some triscuits or something that are mold rating in your backseat.
And while you get in the car, you drive off.
You roll up the windows.
And then also the duck starts freaking out.
You know?
Flip it out, man.
I've never heard of a duck jacking.
That's a duck jacking?
A car jacking by a duck.
When the duck jumps into your car as you're driving past a farm area?
No, it's when you accidentally abduct a duck.
Ah.
Duck abduction.
Duck abduction.
Abduct a duck today.
Let's not...
Those things are all about...
Man, I don't want you to muck up the duck abduction.
That one's hard.
That's hard to say.
Right.
Muck up the duck abduction.
Abduction.
Yeah.
And syringes and old oatmeal.
I'm looking at the streaming of WCSB's live stream relay status.
It says we have as many listeners as we've ever been able to display,
which is only 35.
But I suspect that it's just not displaying them all.
And there's the two German flags along...
It's like a whole bunch of American flags,
one Canadian flag,
and a Korean flag,
which always weirds me out a little bit.
And then the two German flags.
An international effort on your part,
a monumental sidekick,
and as far as entrepreneurialism,
listeners, concerns, and stuff,
you really bruised everything up pretty good.
But look at what's happened now.
There's a Korean person.
There's a Deutzlander person.
Too often.
In fact, it's time for them to wake up.
It's 3.30 in the morning in Leipzig.
Wake up, Bucky.
Wake up, Tanya.
How do you know they're not playing Minecraft?
Well, I guess, yeah.
No.
They could.
They could be.
I think they're just sub-G.
They don't sleep.
They're like vampires.
pirates in nature, they stay out all night and stay up all day.
Well, eventually
they sleep for like five days
solid. That's the way Princess Wee and I do it between
shows. We do the show and then we stay up all night and then we
sleep for five days. It's called Blatchard's Coma, a type of
intermittent spasm in which the mind forgets its context
and so loses the entire track of everything.
The spatial dimensions in the person
in a coma. But they're still responsible in some way.
They see, they hear, and they can't do a damn thing about it.
Well, what's so ironic is that we're not really
on the air or even real. We're just being
imagined by a person in a coma.
Well, like I'm saying, I'm being
what is left of his mind.
I don't mind being one, but being two is too much.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, there are people who are in two comas. And in one coma, they're
imagining that they're in a coma, imagining
they're listening to this stuff on a radio. But they're really
hooked up to a machine. And that machine
is making funny noises.
It is.
And the thing is getting slower and slower.
I hope the nurses notice that if it's a typical hospital, they won't.
And you better start pushing that button next to the bed.
But if it's a typical hospital, nothing's going to happen no matter how many times you push that button.
Oh, she'll get around to its name in about a half an hour after you already expired.
Just like your license plates.
Right.
Meta, meta.
Right. They come in and go, what was he in such a hurry for me to get in here for? He's dead.
Why is his mouth and eyes both open and he's not moving?
Yeah, why should I, the nurse? This nurse job would be fun if it weren't for all these patients.
And the doctors these days, you have to, I mean, you can be at death's door and you still have to go to the doctor's office.
He won't come to your deathbed to talk to you.
Yeah, but a doctor will take you to death's door.
Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
It's very true.
Yep.
Especially if you can go on a routine pleasure crew for prescribing all kinds of drugs that don't do anything but make the patient sick.
It's like, you know, it's like you go to Hawaii because you sold, I don't know how many units of flax or a pad.
When you only side effect these massive cerebral hemorrhages on the spot.
And say that you've sold enough of them to get the special vacation.
You could cross link it with other vacations of a similar.
Oh, Dave, that's how I pay for our vacations.
I sell snake oil and, and, uh, placebos.
Shiny, shiny bottles of snake oil.
Yeah.
Shiny placebo.
It's a placebo designed to be the antidote to all the other placebos.
It's the only placebo you need.
And we call it Bob Dobbs, our guru and hero, our savior.
Well, he's not really a savior.
He's not that well connected, but he's, he does give you slack.
Well, he didn't actually give you slack.
He reminds you that you already have slack.
You just haven't pinpointed it yet.
Well, like Devo used to say, you can have a certain degree of slouch mixed in with your slacks.
Which is a more, a crony inversion of the, uh,
Slouch?
Slouch.
Yeah.
The subgenius must have, the subgenius must have slack, but he can have slouch as well.
It won't hurt to have slouch.
And he perfectly described some of the overweight, you know, 500 year old men that come to X-Train stuff and expect to meet up with a 19 year old filly.
Not, you know, an actual girl.
Sometimes it happens actually.
It does.
I, uh,
I, uh,
I, uh,
I can't speak for myself exactly, but you've certainly been seeing it happen.
And it angers the young men sometimes or the even older men when they see a middle aged man with the young filly.
Yes.
Or the old heifer for that matter.
Sometimes I see gargantuan spirits.
I'm a heifer chaser myself.
I'm a, I lash out at heifers.
I like them heifers.
Yee-haw!
That's why I got this rope.
You are a Texas born boy or born and bred.
No, I wasn't born there, so I'm not really a Texan, Dave.
Oh, you were born in North Carolina or Connecticut?
I was born in Washington, DC, like the Antichrist.
Well, geez, oh man, I wish I would have known that.
I would have sent you a happy Antichristmas.
Yeah.
I mean, my parents didn't live there, but that was where I happened to come out.
Well, that's where most deviants come out, so to speak.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
But you did have the South Carolina and Connecticut right.
That's actually my accent is South Carolinian, Connecticut kicking.
We were raised in Texas and then moved to Cleveland where I got Yankee-fied.
Well, it sounds like Southern Ohio a little bit.
It sounds like Connecticut mixed with actually Virginia.
Well, Southern Connecticut and Southern South Carolina.
So I'm strictly a Southerner.
I'm not very Yankee-Connecticut.
My mom's not from North Connecticut.
She's from South Connecticut.
So she's no Yankee.
She's no darn Yankee.
She wasn't a Yankee either.
Remember the giant hauberks they used to carry in the battle when they would fight the Yankees?
I mean, the Yankees.
When they would wear the big head loops and the armatures like a trumpet player, man.
Which world war are you talking about?
Well, it's not when the Habsburgs were divided.
It was something having to do with the great bank crash of 1925.
Oh, so you're talking about this world's, one of this world's world wars, not this world's war with any other world like the Martian War.
Well, gee, that would be much better.
So if you could have it be that, that would be the one I would choose.
Well, if only the common cold would kill all invaders, that would just be great.
That's how we beat the Martians.
We didn't beat them.
God, the smallest things that God in his microscopes created were there to give us colds and kill Martians.
That's what germs are for.
But still, you know, speaking of germs, I wouldn't want to get a colostomy.
I wouldn't want to be performed by a Martian because there's a serious headache and nasal drippage.
What, a colostomy of a Martian?
That wouldn't, that wouldn't work.
They don't have intestines the way we do.
No, he said he didn't want to receive a colostomy from a Martian.
Oh.
Yeah, especially if the ones, you know, kind of already had the bowel transplants like you had back on Tuesday.
Well, I've heard that the Martian vets are pretty good.
And if you become one of their pets, they will.
They will give you pretty good health care and food.
It's kind of monotonous.
Well, yeah.
Some people would, you know, would volunteer to be pets of the Martians, you know.
Well, we're already the pets of Martians, aren't we?
No, we're the pets of the conspiracy insofar as we still have to pay bills.
Well, I meant Martians colloquially, not colloquially.
What's the word?
I meant them euphemistically.
We're not so much the pets as the farm animals or the, well, really just the spuds of the conspiracy.
The cow, the spud, yeah.
Conspiracy is like a potato farmer and we're the taters.
We're the spuds.
And Reverend Tater is twice a tater.
He's more potated than any of the rest of us because his name happens to be Tater.
I wonder if that's just a nickname.
His real name might be Francis Herriot.
I'll try.
Gumfries.
Tater Gumfries.
That sounds like a nickname, doesn't it to you?
It does, yeah.
Like his real name's probably Francis Herriot Gumfries.
Yes.
It sounds like a script that was dropped off on, you know, on somebody's desk before Forrest Gump came along.
Tater Gumfries is a young Bumfries.
Princess Leia and I used to call people young Bumfries if they seemed to be agonizing youths.
A lot of them, a lot of them.
A bowl of food for us.
A bowl of food for us.
A bowl of food for us.





You're not a young Bumfries, are you now, Dave?
I've tried it.
The damage it did to some of my body parts is just disgusting.
But I still live on, you know, thinking that someday things will change.
I mean, it did that for me.
Well, I'm glad you have hope, Dave.
That's admirable.
Oh, Reverend Stang, you're so mean.
Hope.
So mean.
Well, why would he be mean?
Because I don't claim to have any hope.
That's the last thing I...
Oh, I've got plenty of hope.
I have hope for you, Dave.
Well, I have hope for you, too.
I just don't have any for myself.
Well, that's why we need each other.
What we need to do is we need to take all the world leaders and get a bunch of rocks
and make them stand on their own two feet.

Rocks where we laugh at them until they die.
Well, not die, but cry or something.
I don't think they would care if we laugh at them, because they're still world leaders.
They'd probably just continue ignoring us.
What you're saying is if we could put them on the rocks, then you're saying they wouldn't
be world leaders.
We would have dethroned them.
Or de-officed them, or whatever.
De-prime ministered them.
Their punishment slash re-education would consist of forcing them into absurd situations
that are very, very well...
There's a lot of good footage and stuff.
It goes viral.
Well, beyond that, everybody sees it all the time.
So, in other words, your solution is make the world leaders like the rest of us.
Well, here's Putin in a dress with one of those big, really high bouffant-type legs
and stuff.
He's real angrily serving a bunch of American senators.
He's got a cigarette hanging out of his mouth.
I don't know.
Putin in a pouf-hair?
That's a new one on me.
When you said Putin in a pouf-hair, it made a poo on the microphone.
You hear that little poo?
Poo-tin.
In a pouf-hair.
Oh, I didn't mean it.
Poof-hair.
I wish we could have...
Well, maybe we can't fix it.
I wish I could.




I wish we could have you in the station so that you could talk on the real microphones instead of on your phone mic.
And also you could hear the background music, which is lovely tonight.
Which is always so cathartic and enthusiastic.
It just puts you in a mood to take in some direction that, you know, like a ship setting out, the ship doesn't know where it's going or something.
And finds its true course well into the evening after everyone's gone to sleep.
Foreheads are sleeping, as usual.
I was ignoring you, Dave.
I'll hear that later.
Actually, I was setting up the last three minutes of the show.
Oh, ding-dong.
Well, it's not here yet.
That's about five minutes off still.
And Dr. Sinister.
Is not here at the studio to follow us here in Clevelandia.
Although we won't be followed by Dr. Sinister in everybody's headphones.
No.
At WREK, we're followed by Reverend Susie the Floozy.
Yes.
And at WORT, Reverend Sister Velveteen Sly is sandwiching us or scissoring us or something.
I hope to do better.
I hope to do better.
I hope to not be scissoring us.
Slicing.
Yeah.
Slicing.
And so forth.
And W-E-R-T worked.
Wait, there isn't one.
Or is there?
I'm all confused.
I can't remember the call letters of the other stations.
I feel like I should carry a list and say thanks to all the stations that carry the show.
That's for next week, Dave.
Also, it's time for us to be paid.
I should also mention that as I give them a reach around.
I need my own.
Yeah, I was just wondering about that.
I was wondering when, you know, some multi-multi-
How about the guy in the large?
How about the large?
He's a rock star now.
Just because he's a party guy, but still he's probably got enough money to-
Actually, he is sort of a rock star.
He's a video DJ in clubs.
Yes.
He does.
He sent me a link to a video.


A piece of music that was an MP3 that was 200 megabytes, which means it was like three
hours long.
I guess it was just something recorded while he was at work.
I like his work very much.
I thought you didn't like hardcore.
No, I like Laurie's.
I like the large.
Reverend Lunsome, angry cowboy large.
Yes.
Larry.
Yes, he's larger than life and he's fun.
Well, he's the only other person I know of who can do, who can imitate Dave doing dozens
of different accents.
Yes.
In a Finnish accent.
In a Finnish accent.
Yes.
He has a good, puts a Finnish on it.
So.
What's that Finnish accent?
That was well put.
That was well put.
I don't know.
You shouldn't show signs of disgust on the air.
That will make people cry.
There's rules against that.
Don't ever show.
Don't ever show signs of disgust on the air.
At least not with your own, not with the show, nor with the equipment, nor the listeners.
Only with the callers.
Right.
Well, yeah.
With callers, you have to show disgust because that's what all the other listeners want to hear.
I can be on the air with people with flanks and D's down and stuff on the counter, on the panel and stuff like that.
And start, you know, and start complaining about the producer.
Meaning, you know.
Me.
One guy in the studio.
No, the producer is J.R. Bob Dobbs.
The high E.
Popped of the Church of the Subgenius.
The living saint of sales.
The Slackmaster.
The avatar of Slack.
And the abattoir of Slack.
No.
And for those who don't know, this show is the Hour of Slack.
And we celebrate Bob's word and the Church of the Subgenius.
Although, obviously, we spend a lot of time just dithering and playing music.
And it's expected that you, the listener,
will go, what is this stuff they're always on about?
And just Google subgenius.
Just try to spell it right.
It'll say, do you mean, did you mean subgenius instead of subgenius?
No.
And then you'll be looking at our giant website and you won't know anything more after that.
But you still won't know.
No.
But eventually you would find out that we have books out there.
And those are, that's actually the good stuff.
That's the really good stuff.
But they're all out of print.
No, not really.
There's still one that's in print.
The rest you'll have to eBay them out.
But Dave, really, I'm going to have to wrap this up in a little ribbon.
Got to wrap this baby up.
In this case, it is more like a God's bandage covering your entire body from the sores and lacerations you have made.
That's right.
That is right.
Whatever, what he said.
What he said.
Whatever he said.
I say you are dressed up like a mummy right now because you have punched yourself in the nose.
And so we must slowly fade out all the babbling, bubbling voices and be something having to do with something.
I'm not sure what.
It'd be flibberty gibberish.
Yeah, flibberty gibberish.
This is gibberish.
And, uh, uh, um.
Ich wohne in Köln.
Hey.
Ich wohne in Köln.
Ich wohne in München.
Ich wohne in München.
I live in Munich.
Ich wohne in Cleveland.
Ich wohne in Zürich.
Ich wohne in Zürich.
I live in Zurich.
This is the end of side one.
Please turn the tape over and continue on side two.
But, but, but, but there is no side two on the CD.
The German combination CH has two pronunciations.
We interrupt this program to bring you a special bulletin.
Batman and Robin.
Batmobile.
Batmobile.
Batman.
Batgirl.
Batgirl.
Batman.
Batmobile.
Batgirl.
Batman and Robin.
Batgirl.
Batman and Robin.
Batman and Robin.
Batman and Robin.


Batman.
Batman.
Batman.
Batgirl.
Batman.
Batman.
Batman.
Batman.
Batman.


Batgirl.
Batman.
Batgirl.
Batman.
Robin.
Batman.
Batman girl.
Batgirl.
Batgirl.
Batgirl.
Robin.
There is more. Much more.
Why?
But it will all be over. Soon.
Good.
Batman.
Batgirl.
Batgirl.
Batman.
Batman.
Batman.
Batgirl.
Batgirl.
Bat-tweezers.
That's odd.
Take him away.
Good.
Hello? Hello?
Hello?
From PR News in Washington, I'm plotting to help the extremists in Colorado, where the Ebola virus is spreading rapidly.
Conspiring with a man she'd met online, she faces the possibility of 50 years in Denver.
John Kerry was bad. He will try the Ruthless campaign to seize more power.
We're very encouraged, which has never happened before.
Dow is 55, 1769, 58, 35, 45, 87, 1996.
This is PR News.
Pakistan has not experienced 2010 when six people lost their PR News.
A United Nations panel of scientists has determined certain chemicals have been phased out.
The government says it's taking up to 24 hours to pick up 50 million PR News that have yet to be tested for Ebola in Washington.
For Sire, there is no more money.
We gotta get some money.
That dirty Turkish architect, Black Morton, Philip Martin, Perkaluma.
I'll burn your first night alone!
B-O-B.
Friends, we're glad you listened to this show.
And we're even more glad that some listeners have donated enough to help us keep on going for another couple of months.
And not just this show, but subgenius.com and all the other archive sites.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
But if you truly love Bob, and want some of that slack back to rebound to you,
you should go to subgenius.com, front page, or especially the radio, and search for Bob.


Or the catalog store pages.
And help out financially as best you can.
Now, we know what it's like to be on the brink of total poverty, and we don't want any subgeniuses to make their own situations worse.
But some of you still have jobs.
Even five bucks makes a big difference, even if it's only once a month from enough of you.
Fifty bucks makes an even bigger difference.
All we're saying is that...
Blowjobs could go the way of Stevejobs if you don't pay Dobbs.
We also take checks and money orders to...
Subgenius Foundation.
P.O. Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118
Thanks for anything you can do to help let there be slack.
...
This girl knew some stuff about funny people, and I did –
Snacks! Money! Bob!
...
Sp reform wants you to make that as easy as possible to see what you're practically a woodblock!
We'll you free your life!
Stop doing that exact thing!
Free pills!
Sex, money, fog!
Free pills! Sex, money, fog!
Kill me! Sex, money, fog!
