No, no, no.
Ladies and gentlemen, please leave your subs adjusted.
We're having operating difficulties,
which has necessitated a delay in the beginning of our Sunday movie.
We have such a wonderful life.
So wonderful life.
We have such a wonderful life.
We have such a wonderful life.
No trouble.
Get set and get going.
Amen.
Recording.
Everything's going fine.
No trouble.
This is Doug Smith, radio operator.
I'm going to bring you a piece of that green cheese for sure.
Bob?
Bob?
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
This is Reverend Ivan Stang,
sacred scribe of the First Orthodox Megafist Temple Lodge of the Church of the Subgenius.
With Pat,
and Mr. Buck Naked of the First Naked Church of the Subgenius.
The opinions expressed are not necessarily those of this radio station.
Before the sermon,
a message concerning Bob Dobbs,
living avatar of slack,
and saint of sales.
On planet...
Are we controlled by secret forces?
Do you ever get the feeling that free will is a joke?
Do people think you're...
strange?
Do you?
Then you may be on the right track.
Are you abnormal?
Then you are probably better than most people.
Yes.
Your time shall triumph.
Now at last the step-by-step process is revealed.
This is it.
The only faith that promises action, thrill, success in sex and business.
Bring your weirdest dreams to rampaging hell.


Stand erect for your own abnormality.
Bob is a way of life to millions.
Yet half of them don't even know it.
He's the one true living slack master with the spiritual know-how to help you bash through
the locked doorway to financial heaven.
He is the one real shortcut to slack.
And the one real shortcut to slack.
Now, see another dimension.
The dimension on your TV.
Yes, fear the stark fist of removal no longer.
Become physically attractive overnight.
Attain status, luck, prosperity by blowing them off.
Bob's promise is to widen the scope and nature of abnormal behavior.
To explore new ways of going over the edge.
And coming right back.
Plus, you can bring back those.
You couldn't make it on your own.
To help you create the highest possible earnings from the psychodynamics of abnormality.
To turn conspiracy and kind of personality disorders around.
And channel them into an illusion of creativity.
That will fool normals and get you sex.
Bob Wolf!
Bob Wolf!
Bob Wolf!
Bob Wolf!
Bob Wolf!
Bob Wolf, I'm Bob.
Bob.
Yes, good to see you.





Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
The story so far.
In the beginning, the universe was created.
This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move.
Many races believe that it was created by some sort of god.
Though the Jatrovatid people of Veltvodil 6 firmly believe that the entire universe was in fact sneezed out of the nose of a being called the Great Green Arkel Seizure.
The Jatrovatids, who live in perpetual fear of the time they call the coming of the Great White Handkerchief,
are small blue creatures with more than 50 arms each who are therefore unique in being the only race in history to have invented the aerosol,
deodorant before the wheel.
However, the Great Green Arkel Seizure theory was not widely accepted outside Veltvodil 6,
and so one day a race of hyper-intelligent, pan-dimensional beings built themselves a gigantic supercomputer called Deep Thought
to calculate once and for all the answer to the ultimate question of life, the universe, and everything.
For seven and a half million years, Deep Thought computed,
calculated, and eventually announced that the answer was in fact 42.
And so another, even bigger computer had to be built to find out what the actual question was.
And this computer, which was called the Earth, was so amazingly large that it was frequently mistaken for a planet,
particularly by the strange ape-like beings who roamed its surface totally unaware that they were simply part of a gigantic computer program.
And this is very odd, because without that fairly simple and obvious piece of knowledge,
nothing that ever happened on Earth could possibly have made the slightest bit of sense.
At the critical moment of readout, the Earth was unexpectedly demolished to make way for a hyperspace bypass,
and the only native Earth people to have survived the demolition are now being shot at behind a computer bank on the lost planet of Magrathea,
along with the Earth's own planet.
Another example is the second%, take the planet Earthточoon,
thisهance is debunked in its Dharma.
Then the Artemis appears.
This is strange.
Bitte欸s fail to guess!
The申
Whoa.
Hey, where are we here?
I think we're out in space somewhere.
I think we're on the inside of a...
Oh, this doesn't look like the studio we were in.
We're at the bottom of something here.
No, there's a light that's passed on.
Look, there's a giant mouth opening up and it's swallowing the earth.
The light of a giant pipe.
Oh, no, it's a giant pipe.
And out of here comes the light.
And here comes the giant mouth.
Oh!
Oh, now all the white powder froth is being poured up on top of us.
Oh, hey, wow.
Froth, man.
Froth.
Froth.
I never used to get enough froth before, but this is too much.
This is ridiculous.
Is everybody all right?
I'm still here.
Now he's going for another puff.
That one almost finished me off if he goes for another blow, I'm done for.
It's the giant Bob.
The giant...
This can't be the real Bob.
It's just a flat two-dimensional head made of dots.
A thousand miles across.
Boy, he's putting that pipe in a backwards universe now.
With a gigantic time warp black hole pipe.
Boy, that was horrible.
I've never been smoked by dots.
Oh, we're back in rock and roll hell now.
Oh, no.
Is this rock and roll hell?
Oh, man.
I always get stuck here at two in the morning.
Rock and roll hell.
Get down.
Party.
Shoot up.
Pray to Satan.
Rock and roll hell.
Yeah, yeah.
Rock and roll hell.
Go out and kill some kids tonight.
Make your life hell.
Rock and roll smells like rock and roll hell.
Yeah, yeah.
Beating the destroy.
Destroy your life.
Destroy your life.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Satan in rock and roll hell.
Rock and roll.
Sex.
Drugs and alcohol.
Where all the old DJs on this show.
Corruption.
Here at this station.
End of.
Vigilante.
Rock and roll hell.
Here is a special editorial.
Don't worry.
Doctors for Bob supports the Parents Music Resource Center in its efforts to read rock music.
All your friends will be there.
Of its unnecessary references to the occult.
Hell, yeah, man.
We're having about eight kegs of bull down here.
All night.
That giant kill party by the flaming break of Brimstone.

Lines of coke crank.
We feel that today's teenager has too many other pressures.
Shootin' up smack.
Without having to worry about hate.
Hate.
Hell.
And now for the subgenius.
It's all emotional.
Hey.
Oh, god damn it.
Devil worshipping teenager stole my pill.
And all the gas you want.
The gas.

The gas.
The gas.
The gas.
The gas.
The gas.






The gas.
The gas.

You ain't wanna stop.




Or maybe you can moat.
If that's what floats your boat.
Hey, you!
I'm talkin'.
You listening?
Or you can pout.
Or you can break out.




Get up
Get out
Come on, step on it, step into it
Step into the flea
Girl, do what you please
Cause you ain't no twit
You ain't no twit yet
Step out of your clothes
Girl, step into homes
You'll be the latest hit
The latest hit, yeah
It's about time to let my hormones wake up
Put off the homework, let's put on the mail
Don't wait a second, cause you'll stay in limbo
I'll give my old stuff to my sister, that bimbo
When I wear underwear, I'm liberated
It's like the movies, M.I.P.G. or X-rated
I feel just like a virgin in these clothes
I hope you like it

I'm a virgin, but then won't show
Step into the flea
Start being a tease
Hey, you ain't no nerd
You ain't no nerd yet
Step into the street
Put guys into heat
Be a little flirt
A little flirt, yeah
Wanna get you dressed up
Move around and prance
Wanna get you right up
All my fans will dance
Don't try to fight it
Don't try to fight it
Cause this is really you
Just burst your lips
And flare your nostrils too
I must be dreaming
This is just too cool
Cause in real life
I wet my lips and then I drool
I really love
Living the life I wanna
It feels so good to be a primadonna
Step into the sleaze
Girl, do what you please
Now you're not a wimp
You're not a wimp yet
Step into the lights
You know it's alright
If you wanna primp
You can primp, yeah
You can take your mind
Where it wants to go
Tell the boys to come
Or tell the boys to blow
Whether I'm awake
Or if it's a dream
I can make my life
Be like a magazine
Step into the sleaze
Girl, do what you please
Cause you ain't no twit
You ain't no twit, yeah
Step into the beat
Put guys into heat
You're the latest hit
The latest hit, yeah
When I start to strut
I wanna squish my nose
My body really sweats
But hey, that's how it goes
I'm in a world like Glamour Girl
It's simple
I'm never going back to
Clearasil and Pimple
I'm in a world like Glamour Girl
You can take your mind
Where it wants to go
Tell the boys to come
Or tell the boys to blow
Whether I'm awake
Or if it's a dream
I can make my life
Be like a magazine
Be like a magazine
Be like a magazine
Be like a magazine


Oh yes dear friends
You can be like that
You can be like that magazine
I suppose
Uh, this is uh
The horrible Madonna parody
I might as well tell you what's going on here friends
This is gonna be a real hip show
This is uh
This was real, you know
Cool a few months ago I suppose
Uh
Madonna parody here from
Reverend Bleepo Abernathy
Up with the Hour of Slack show in Boston
A little bit before that
And after this, the serious
Abuse radio show from
The Rat Cave
Dear friends
We'll be going back to that
Mommy ass
Oh Dobbs head
Silly pills Bob Slack
I want my pills
Some devil or your soul
Give me your pills
Pills Bob Slack
Give me pills Bob
Yes that's the misconceptions
Of many such men I
Give me, give me, give me
I'm gonna be subgenius
Yes he paid his twenty dollars
His money was green but he was still pink inside
Yes
It's a pathetic thing to watch as he tries to
Quote all the
All the slang that he got
Hey pull the wool over your own eyes guys
Hey yeah
Yeah you'd pay to know what you really think
Oh yeah like repent and uh
Quit your job and slack off
Really cool
Do something to them if they can't take a joke
What was that? Let me open it back up here
Oh wow man like
Like are we punk rock man?
Oh I thought it was punk to talk about Bob
I thought it was like cool or something
Hey we oughta hassle the clerk at best
Cause she's a capitalist man
Hey do you believe in anarchy man?
Well if you don't I'm gonna kill ya
Kill ya kill ya kill ya
We'll show you punk rock
You thought it was hair and hair




And clothes
You thought it was like big spikes and bracelets
Yeah you thought punk rock came from a record company
You thought wrong
You thought it was like
You are God participating in himself
Just me
Man this guy's
Wow this guy's a real prophet
His elder god may not be all that correct
He's a surdeuper Sam for sure
They cry for dominance when tomorrow becomes today
Oh
Responsible for this
Alright enough of this silliness
Yes
Say goodnight Stang
Ah yes friends
I'm all hooked up
And ready to answer your questions
Now we've been getting letters
And phone calls from
Noble subgeniuses
Out there asking
Reverend Stang
How can I be more subversive
How can I be more subversive
How can I be of more service to Bob
How can I be of more service to Bob
In bringing down the conspiracy
That enslaves us
And friends I'm afraid that
That is entirely up to you
That is entirely up to you
Now the conspiracy will tell you
How to be more subversive against it
How to be more subversive against it
So we sure won't
But I can give you one helpful hint friends
But I can give you one helpful hint friends
There's nothing wrong
With looking at the world
With looking at the world
If you want to be more subversive friends
If you want to be more subversive friends
You don't have to show off about it
If you wear a uniform
Like a high fashion punk haircut
Like a high fashion punk haircut
Or leather and spandex and whatever
Unless it's really extreme friends
Unless it's really extreme friends
You're just playing along with the conspiracy
You're just playing along with the conspiracy
Joining a conformity of non conformists
Joining a conformity of non conformists
You're labeling yourself as someone
Who the conspiracy doesn't really need to worry about
Who the conspiracy doesn't really need to worry about
Cause you're gonna follow a predictable pattern
Cause you're gonna follow a predictable pattern
One that they've co-opted already
One that they've co-opted already
But what kind of subversion are we talking about anyway friends?

Bringing down the state?
Blowing up polluters?
Nay nay
That only kills people friends
That only kills people friends
And gets you in jail to boot
It's stupid
It's stupid
Well enough snow
We've really come a long way
Well enough snow
We've really come a long way
Although listen
Bob said

Oh, friends, an awful lot of subgeniuses are Republicans.
But, you know, subgenius doesn't mean left-wing pinko or right-wing anything.
All it means to most of us is patriopsychotic anarcho-materialism, friends.
Every yard a kingdom, every child and dog a serf.
It doesn't matter what party is in control,
as long as none of the parties really have that much control over how much you party.
Besides, what you're fighting ain't just a political system.
I mean, as political systems go, the U.S. is one of the least evil.
Just as Jesus is okay, it's just that some members of his fan club make him look bad.
Same goes with Bob and the Bobbies.
Surely some of you have met nerds on the street who started trying to talk Bob at you and you were just embarrassed.
Well, friends, see, the conspiracy is a great combination of things.
Work is one of the main ones.
That's how you're really controlled, friends.
You have to work for someone else to make a living.
Now, the subgenius actually likes to work at what he likes to work at.
Right?
The rub and the bub, my friend.
The conspiracy is also ancient customs and new invented customs.
It's a whole background attitude.
The conspiracy is an attitude.
An attitude of hatred for anything weird.
So what you want to subvert, friend, is that attitude.
Now, some strange things are bad.
But all great inventions and ideas started out as strange.
So if you want to subvert the government or some manufacturer or blow buildings up,
that's just what the conspiracy wants you to do, my friend, so they can catch you,
make you look like a kook in front of millions.
Now, history proves that every time you overthrow something overnight,
ditch some old government, what replaces it always ends up just as bad.
We have to break that cycle, friends, and this isn't anarchy we're talking about.
Anarchy is just another political system, just like atheism is just another religion.
To truly subvert, my friend, you work alone, at your own pace, casually, but with alertness,
to subvert the attitude of hating everything weird.
Remember, leftists are just as guilty as rightists in this respect.
And you don't go out subverting by being an obnoxious Bobby enforcing weirdness.
You're just a bunch of idiots who can't possibly appreciate it anyway.
That just makes them hate weirdness more.
You should seduce them with abnormality, my friend.
You have to break them in a little at a time.
It depends.
And you can't indiscriminately hate all normals because that only proves that you are a normal yourself
because you don't understand yet that half of what you call normals are actually weirder than you are.
Let's attack that'veout Shadow!?
You don't seem to get IT, goddamit!
Depending on the genre, the nature of the performances build everyone's Believe Me is one of the two main factors.
Most of the people such as White Jacket and Mki Paul love to watch this film
thirteen, twenty years ago, too.
They often cite Рitan's

Psycho photography with his likeness is a place however Court of Cru 보 Theater.
They've picked off many films already.
Every channel back there looks like Hojo,
foreigns,
cinema
You thread your seeds
And the things could be worse
Than when there's nothing on TV
I've never seen a couple
Laying at the table and got the walls
I've been hit more than so many times
I can't remember them all
And I say
Who do you want to be today?
Who do you want to be?
Who do you want to be today?
Do you want to be just like someone on TV?
Just like somebody on TV
I think I'll be a telly boy
I think I'll be a hunk
I think I'll be a top guy
And I think I'll be a punk
I might just be a fashion star
All dressed in pretty rags
Or perhaps I'll cross the other side
And walk around in drag
Who do you want to be today?
Who do you want to be?
Who do you want to be today?
Do you want to be just like someone on TV?
Just like somebody on TV
As your favorite aí
Let me be your man
I want to be your man
Let me be your man
I want to be your man
And land on your page

Everyone's back to their base
But my name ain't hispanic

Man, just for να
Laisse m'être
Care and walk with you
Please don't forget me
Do you like to live just like a rock in the middle of the sea?
Do you want to suffer by yourself in a pool of lead for misery?
Do you feel like a saint in artist's clothes with a rosary in your hand?
Do you want to be crazy like Bando, like a stranger in a strange, strange land?
Would you rather push the buttons and be feared by all humanity?
Or perhaps you'd like to be a bum?
Do you want to be stupid just like me?
Who do you want to be today?
Who do you want to be?
Who do you want to be today?
Do you want to be just like someone on TV?
Just like somebody on TV
Who do you want to be today?
This is 9-1-A-F
This guy's so loud
Man, why is my naan going to be on a paintball?
Who do you want to be today?
Who do you want to be today?
Who do you want to be today?
Who do you want to be?
Who do you want to be today?
Who do you want to be?
Who do you want to be today?
Who do you want to be?
To use my own super cool, studly self as an example,
now in person I don't really appear like a mad prophet of the airwaves.
I very deliberately look like an innocent computer whiz or something.
If a policeman stops me for speeding, I look like a regular citizen.
And part of me is.
And so he doesn't look in the trunk to see if I'm carrying 5,000 copies of subgenius pamphlets
to hand out to grade school kids, which I am!
I get away with murder this way, friends.
And that time the Secret Service,
came to my house.
They took one look and said,
Oh, he's just a poor humorist.
He isn't building bombs.
Not physical bombs, nay, my friends.
But me and perhaps many of you are from that 1970s post-hippie nihilistic generation, more or less.
And aside from not working for a living,
I and perhaps you are still that same devious hippie.
Not a commie, nay, not a pinko,
but a soldier for slack!
A warrior against the conspiracy of the normals.
And so, to truly suffer,
to smite them,
but not physically,
smite them psychologically.
With your jokes,
your cryptic statements,
your band, your paintings, your weird car,
your whole attitude,
not just your haircut and clothes, my God!
The normals can wear weird haircuts and clothes,
and they do it all the time!
If they are normals, my friend,
they'll recoil in fear and jealousy
to see a free man or woman.
But for latent subgeni who are ripe to be saved,
you're setting a good example
to be weird,
in your own way.
Achieve slack in your own life,
my friend, and those who are worthy
will turn toward it as towards a beacon,
as a moth dives headlong into the flames.
They're not trying to steal your slack
or to imitate you,
but merely to see what is possible.
Then and only then will they learn
to pull the wool over their own eyes.
So you don't have to talk about Bob, friends.
They have to just stumble upon Bob
in their own sweet time.
And I'm not saying,
be yourself,
quote unquote.
There are too many yourselves.
You might end up being your own
conspiracy normal lynch mob self.
You must try to try not to
achieve the development of your Bob self.
That in, that in you,
which is Bob-like.
And there is no rulebook for this,
my friend, except the one you make
and the one that you buy from Bob.
Praise Bob!
Help me, somebody!
Pull the lever!
Down you go!
You are listening to the Hour of Slack.
Praise Bob!
Yeah!
Yeah, people will go off and worship
their stylish fashion gods,
their everybody's,
their Madonna gods,
their Beatle gods,
their Jim Morrison gods,
Jim Morrison gods,
Mick Jagger gods,
All those are false prophets!

They're false prophets!
Jerry Falwell gods.
But how did you get in this terrible mess, listener?
Can I get a T.I.?
T.I., man. Far out, man. T.I., man.
Slave labor and nickel.
T.I. is making electronic parts, man.
A brain slave.
Far out, man.
A slave to their reality,
their world, their society,
their way of life, their religion,
their ideology, their conformity.
Because conformity and creativity
are the same in their world.
Imagination?
What's that?
I've got super dynamic overdrive.
The sidewalk circus
was dancing with tricks
In mad whirling circles
They love more kicks
They look each other
Like drugs to their blood
And drop trumps and tramps
When they're playing studs
And they're pretty folks
Pretty folks
Bending the trend
Pretty folks
Pretty folks
They'll never mend
Splitting their cells
Looking for pills
They blow their brains out
They're changing
They don't pay their bills
Modify the pot you love
Spend XTK
Blocks of flash zeros
There's nothing to say
And they're pretty folks
Pretty folks
Bending the trend
Pretty folks
Pretty folks
They'll never mend
Optimistic
And gloom
Just turn them everything





恁

generous
Pretty books, pretty books, ending the trend
Pretty books, pretty books, they'll never mend
In funhouse mirrors, they don't seem to age
As they decompose in memory's cage
But total loss is not something to hide
When the last big sleep has started inside
Cause they're pretty books, pretty books, ending the trend
Pretty books, pretty books, they'll never mend
In funhouse mirrors, they don't seem to age
As they decompose in memory's cage
As they decompose in memory's cage
They're pretty books, pretty books, ending the trend
In funhouse mirrors, they don't seem to age

But they're pretty books, pretty books, end the trend
As they decompose in memory's cage
They're pretty books, pretty books, ending the trend
As they decompose in memory's age
Get a big, old newspaper, save your life As they decompose in memory's cage
They don't love you, Bob Bob, get off me, Bob
I love you like I do.
The fist and the fear behind it.
It's not just the wars and the awards that win them.
It's not just the dull and emptiness taste for a smothered culture
that expires all around you in pools of its own wastes.
It's not just the terminal folds of Nunu.
It's not just the child zombies that murder their mediocrity parents
and then cruise the streets with bloody feet.
It's not just those starry old vics on the park benches
with looks on their faces like those who shuffled out of the boxcars
of Belsen and Auschwitz.
It's not just the anesthesiologist for Nege.
It's not just the heaving pink meat masses that grope and clutch all around you.
It's not just the dino bones for Wotan.
It's not just the broken headlight, snapped antenna,
and human excrement on your car hood.
It's not just that the old ways were best.
It's not just the pain in the head,
bastardization and perversion of every honest means of self-expression.
It's not just the killer shit ganja from the dark side of the bush.
It's not just the penoid snipers locking and loading on every high-rise rooftop.
It's not just the widescreen technicolor corporate daisy chain that has defiled the entire planet.
It's not just Mongo in the Congo with fa-fa-fas the size of basketballs.
It's not just the prophets crying lonely and alone in the wilderness.
It's not just the indignity of having to work for some bland, non-entity son of a bitch who thinks workers are property.
It's not just the blueness of the wound cleansed by evil.
It's not just the battling eco-freaks who think they're the only ones who can do it.
It's not just the police who want to go back to nature without realizing that nature is an open-ditch latrine in midsummer.
It's not just some asshole with a pipe and a thing I know more than you do dog grin all over his homogenized face.
It's not just the horrible feeling of being entrapped inside a regimented, devolving world that you certainly never made.
It's not just the doorway to doom.
It's not just wanting to know what the hell is really going on.
It's not just the missing H's or the stolen alpha-beta-max.
No, dear friends, there is more to it all than that.
Bob ain't no nickel-dime bum-show.
I put it to you, he's on the square and a corking fine business proposition.
He's the grandest thing yet, and don't you forget it.
Shout salvation and fightin' Jesus, you'll need to rise precious early, you sinner there, if you want to diddle the almighty Bob.
Not off.
He's got cough mixture with a punch on it for you, my friend.
In his back pocket. Just you try it.
Bob is a clump of mud.
Bob is a paper quail.
Bob is things that don't always run.
Bob is masking tape.
Bob is a ball.
Bob is a ballpoint pen.
Bob is a rooster.
And Bob is a hen.
I don't know why they're saying, I don't poke bottles that have lives and they're squirming in it.
They're trying to take over everything.
Don't.
Bob.
Bob!
We want Bob! Where's Bob? We want Bob!
Right now!
We want Bob!
Okay.
Bob's probably not gonna be here in physical manifestation.
Oh, honey, where is Bob?
He's everywhere.
Check yourself and feel if you're Bob-gland and make sure it's overactive like it's supposed to be.
This is the headquarters for the Church of the Subgenius.
No, wait a minute.
No, wait a minute. I love that area.
And I...
I represent a group of scientists who work with but one purpose, to put an end to war.
Naturally, such a goal can't be attained with expert...
men of vision, men such as you, Doctor, gathered here, exchanging information daily, putting aside all thoughts of personal success.
We hope to achieve exciting new techniques, leap years ahead of the others.
I don't think I need tell you how effective our voices will be when the world learns of our achievements.
Well, there you have it.
Nothing new, perhaps, but then, what is?
However, let me assure you, Doctor, that we are dedicated men and women, and as such, we can accomplish wonders.
Like any other church!
Like any other church!
The Church of the Subgenius!
The Church has divine tenets!
Divine tenets!
Divine rules!
Divine rules!
Divine orders!
Divine orders!
First rule of the subgenius church is...
First rule of the subgenius church is...
Too much!
Too much!
Is always better than not enough!
Is always better than not enough!
Can I get a too much?
Can I get a too much?
Is it always better?
Is it always better than...
Praise God!
Praise God!
Hello, all.
Welcome to the End Times.
In today's End Time Essay,
we will be covering the following.
the difference between us and the bullfram and the bloodyhead launcher society itself
as seen here in our first slide the bloodyhead launcher society
goes on forever there is no end and there's no use resisting
time look at those heads fall in slow motion just bouncing down the celestial stairs
yes dear friends those are the things i want to tell you about today
or parables about the less traveled path
bob gives you the bulldozers you need to pave your own path
ignore those graceful
suit and hippos and those ferret space fashion clones are killing me you gotta stand up you gotta
stand up now and you gotta stand up which is under made illegal don't let them whitewash
well forget it for now that's exactly the way they want you to behave so they can have an excuse to
mount their
gun turrets against all the supposed friends oh no no no come on keep those thoughts to yourself
you shouldn't depress anybody you'll be seen as a downlight spreading bad karma
people don't want to be reminded of it huh yes i think i'm a this is the theme of the neurotic 80s
well mr the human race is cracking up maybe you don't the toxic waste of the me generation
temple
then the cars
which hunters are back
today
only this time
only this time
They're out for us.
Physical perfection and mental vacuousness make the perfect set.
Oh, but don't bomb us out.
We want to have fun.
Just watch that softcore porno soda commercial work your boring job.
On some occasions, Baphomet seems to be associated with an apparition of a bearded head.
In any case, we found mosquito evidence for the charge of secret service.
Well?
In any case, we found mosquito evidence for the charge of secret service.
In any case, we found mosquito evidence for the charge of secret service.
How do I know I'm here?
Not in some very lonely place.
How do I know I'm not...
Got a problem?
Bring it to the friendly people.
People touching people.
People rubbing against people.
People developing the nuclear first try capability to incinerate people.
Sound like a flash in the pan?
It's gotta be.
You don't settle for less.
You don't have to.
You're you.
And you've got needs bigger and more earth-shaking than your grandfather could have dreamed.
How do we keep bringing them to you, year after year, bigger and better?
By using the technology of tomorrow on the consumers of today.
The now people.
People on the go.
People on the go.
Going from smart...
Shopper to new low value in the time it takes to dial our number.
Call now, won't you?
For more of what you've come to expect from us.
Style.
Mood.
A certain dependable kind of image.
An image of the way you'd like people to be.
Passive.
Pretty.
White.
As white as the complexion of our finest women.
Grown right here by our special process.
As white as the hair of God.
White as it was in life.
As white as the blank sheet on which we write your mind.
Who are we?
We're the happy people.
Happy to live in a world of images.
Images of war.
Family.
Crime.
Fun images.
That help rinse away...
Unsightly self-images.
So you can get away from the privacy of your own home.
After all, aren't you what everything's here for?
You're what we're here for.
That's why we made everything.
And that's why everything made you.
And that's why you made us.
Who?
We?
We're the money people.
The people who take your money.
No more money hassling.
But what about little Dicky, you say?
What's little Dicky gonna do when you're working late
and Wilma's minding the fort and Sis is in and out?
Put away those straps and buckles.
Dicky's safe with us.
He's even learning to speak again.
Our way.
Best of all, he's safe with the people who know what it is you want from a world.
Simplicity.
Reliability.
A world you can go to without worrying about whether your money is safe.
You know, when we first got into this business, we didn't know much more than you.
Like you, we thought there was a world out there.
A world of value.
A world that needed meaning.
Beauty.
Love.
A world that needed a better product.
Uh-uh.
There's just you.
And you want to know something.
You want to know just exactly what it is you're supposed to do.
You don't really care why.
Just so long as it's the right thing.
It's natural.
Everyone wants to do the right thing.
But sometimes it's hard to know just what the right thing is.
Let's say you're black.
And you've just lost both your arms and legs defending U.S. interests in El Salvador.
You'll come home and get thrown in jail for life for beating up four people.
Or white cops.
You want to know just exactly what is it I'm supposed to feel.
We can't give you all the answers.
But we can help you flesh out your fantasy that there are some.
At our labs, we use only the finest homemade ingredients.
Love.
Children.
God.
And the purest blend of money your needs can buy grown right here by our special process.
A process in use since our first mom and pop operation.
Who are we?
We're the normal people.
That was Michael Pepe.
Yes, Michael Pepe.
Remember that name, folks.
off his tape, Life Itself, The Greatest Tips of Michael Pepe.
You can find out more about Michael Pepe
and more creatures like that
from the Church of the Subgenius.
We'll give that Fox number at the end of the broadcast.
I am, I am to come, I am, I am, I am, I am, I am to come.
I am, I am, I am, I am, I am to come.
I am, I am, I am to come, I am.
Dynamic overdrive.
I'm operating in 10,000 revolutions.
My motor is being preserved
because I'm operating in supernatural overdrive.
I am certain you know what reality is.
No matter what I do to change it,
Normal I remain
Normal can be just as bad
As riding in a wheelchair
Today, serious heresy
is a deviant state of consciousness.
Not so much deviant opinions
as having a kind of experience
which is different from regular experience.
We are taught what experiences are permissible.
And therefore, if a person has so-called strange experiences
and endeavors to communicate these experiences to other people,
he is looked at in a very odd way and asked,
are you feeling all right?
Because people feel
that they are not feeling all right.

They feel distinctly uncomfortable
when they realize that they're in the presence of someone
who's experiencing the world
in a rather different way from themselves.
They call in question
as to whether this person is indeed human.
A cigar or something.
They look like a human being,
but because the state of experience is so different,
you wonder whether they really are.
And in rather the same way,
in a very everyday kind of circumstance,
when you're sitting in a bar drinking
and you find you have a drunk next to you,
and he turns to you and says,
I say,
and you sort of move your stool a little way away from this man,
because he's become in some way what we mean by non-human.
We expect a high of about 65 degrees tomorrow,
increasingly cloudy skies once again,
with some rain in the forecast.
So I found this little niche, crawled in,
and I must say I'm happy.
All right, boys.
Bob's got you hooked.
Bob's got a monkey on your back.
Hey, you know that...
Bob's doing something spooky again, ain't he?
That's what you're listening to, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's the kind of Bob that comes up out of the shadows.
The kind of Bob that follows you home.
The kind of Bob that calls you home.
And they look at that and it hangs on the ceiling.
Hey, let's kill Bob.
I got...
I saw these hot dogs, Bob,
and they're like...
When my daddy got killed with a baseball,
a baseball,
because those are the kind they sold there.
Ohio.
Ohio.
She's gone to Ohio.
They've got paddle wheels there.
Paddle wheels.
Paddle wheels.
Bigger than a Panzer tank, Bob.
Bigger than a...
a...
Panzer...
tank.
Bob.
Ohio.
And...
Ohio.
You got Ohio.
Ohio.
Ohio.

Ohio.
Woww.
Neither one was milked.
Don't think I ever snuck a regular...
into this place.
This whole country was...


to being fucked with all fucking money.
But he will never give a fuck.
Balance for me.


The man of the century said everything was exploreable and careful and turned all the



He's a dickey Ange quote. He's a dickey Ange quote and i said that... He was at home guys, don't fuck with me man. I don't think we can get you around if you don't dumb stuff to our host but i dont know how many people keep saying all these shit man unsaid.bruh. supper då boation
The loudspeaker spoke up and said...
The loudspeaker spoke up and said...
Christianity is stupid.
Christianity is stupid.
Christianity is stupid.
Christianity is stupid.
Christianity is stupid.
Christianity is stupid.

Oh dear friends, and now we come down near the end of an hour of slack with this song, this offensive song from negative land.
I must admit, this is just really disgraceful.
Friends, that P.O. box, you can write that down.
Thank you for more information about the Church of the Subgenius and its publication.
This is Bob, friends. You can write to Bob at P.O. Box.
807 Glen Rose, Texas 76043
Thank you for listening, dear friends.
Give up!
Christianity is stupid.
Christianity is stupid.
Christianity is stupid.
Christianity is stupid.
Christianity is stupid.
Give up!
Give up!
Give up!
Give up!
Give up!


But in the meantime, friends, draft registration.
You do have a choice.
Do you have alternatives to military service?
I did, flat feet.
But you may have others.
Talk to one of the trained draft counselors at the War Resisters League for an evaluation of your particular situation.
It'll cost you nothing to learn the facts, folks.
Remember, know the facts before you make your decision.
For draft counseling, call 214-421-1984.
That's a good number there for a draft counselor.
421-1984.
I was number 30 in the lottery.
And they didn't believe any of the lies I told them until finally they looked at my feet and said,
Son, sorry, just too flat-footed for this man's army.
But friends, this is the subgenius hour of slack on KNON 90.9 in Dallas, Texas.
And sorry, the phone lines aren't working tonight.
So we can't take your prayer requests right now.
I mean, they just, they flat-out aren't working, friends.
You're gonna have to, they're trying, they're trying.
But you're gonna have to pray, you're gonna have to, you know, put something important in an important place and think about it and pray.
And, and say things like,
Scra-ra-ra-ra-ra-apple.
Scra-ra-ra-ra-ra-apple.
Scra-ra-ra-ra-ra-apple.
Scra-ra-ra-ra-ra-apple.
Scra-ra-ra-ra-ra-apple.
Scra-ra-ra-ra-ra-apple.
