And, uh, gosh, tonight, friends, I had to bring my little dafter, Sivit, the Blivit, down here.
I guess just to show off to her friend, Em.
Tell Em hello. Go ahead.
Hi, Emily.
Okay, that's done.
And, uh, we can soon get into the show.
The horrible show, tonight's show, specializing in the, uh, or featuring the oral tradition of the Pobucker.
Ah, yes.
That film is shown to you not only for the benefit of your own personal good health, but for that of your entire unit.
Lights out?
Some of the things that you will soon see.
are highly spectacular.
But let me assure you that they are authentic in every respect
and are dramatic proof of the excellence built into your...
Self-genius.
Our own.
Watch.
Now, see for yourself and take what you find here and put it to work.
I am authorized to assure you that so far there is no reasonable cause for alarm.
Cover yourself with wet newspapers and lie still
until the blast is over.
I'm going to make you subside.
Oh my God.
Have no fear.
You will not be hypnotized.
You will not lose consciousness.
Nor will you be made uncomfortable in any way.
Bob?
Bob?
The message is now part of and registered in your subconscious mind.
Every time you say, see, hear, or think.
Bob?
Bob?





That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
We are controlling transmission.
Now, did you ever see anything as new and as fresh looking as that?
It's so new, it's almost too new to be true.
Kill that.
Well, we take our initiates and we string a little tendon between their heels and drag them three times around the radio station.
Then we dip them in the sacred waters of the sludge.
And what exactly does this do for them?
Well, it causes them to forget everything they've learned and it prepares their mind for the slate-like impression, the imprinting of the true subgenius.
You know, by golly, he's absolutely right.
Wake up, puppet boy!
Unpredicably big sea monsters.
Sea.
Man-eating bugs.
Bigger than buildings.
A spectacular adventure on the Angry Subgenius Hour of Sweat.
A mother nature-grown berserk striking back at the industrial society that has exploited her.
We must stop it.
Mankind hangs in the balance.
It's just crazy enough to work.
Oh, Jim.
Don't make me relive that.
Nightmare.
The Subgenius Hour of Sweat.
Clean, aristocratic, modern styling.
Truly distinctive.
There it goes.
A little scuffed, but basically undamaged.
That's us, friends.
A little scuffed, but, uh, yeah.
Yes, it's gonna be a study in po-buckerdom tonight.
A study of the oral tradition of the po-bucker.
We have many, uh, funny and revealing, and yes, telling, telling, uh, archival recordings of po-buckers, both subgenius and pink, in top spouting mode.
Uh, and also some of, some of the all-time great moments in talk radio.
Uh, you'll certainly want to have your illegal bootlegging equipment up and running at all times.
Uh, but before, I guess before we sing the song of the po-bucker, we'll let, we'll go into this, um, this little section of tape.
Jayner Hyperkleets, I think, is mayhaps the, the, the greatest of the subgenius po-bucker scholars, and we'll let him speak for everyone.
Here we go, pick up, boy!
Ah!
Ah!
Savage and deadly, their one hope is to rule our planet as they once had thousands of years back.
And that ain't all...
...since!
Now, Bobby doesn't steal cars.
There's just certain areas in Southwest City that are designated as Bobby Free Toe Away Zones.
You park in a Bobby Toe Away Zone, that ain't your car.
That's Bobby's car.
Hey, wait, where are you going with my car?
Sorry, this ain't your car anymore.
Check your city map, you in a Bobby Free Toe Away Zone.
But there's not any kind of sign.
See that cigarette butt?
Laying on the ground?
That's the sign.
No, don't steal my car!
You can have my incurable cancer, you can have my death, you can have my screaming bratty kids, you can have my bitchy wife, but just don't take my car.
I'm taking your car, boy.
No, wait, you can have my personality defects, you can have my schizophrenia, you can have the voices I hear in my mind.
Oh, boy.
You can have my personal problems, you can have my $3,000 debt, but just don't take my car and my mistress.
You in a Bobby Free Toe Away Zone.
Your mistress is in a Bobby Free Toe Away Zone, too.
Bobby, no. Bobby, please. Bobby, no. Thank you, Bobby. Thank you, Bobby.
You know, Bobby can steal cars that, even if they ain't whole cars, he can...
Like, I mean, who's gonna buy their garden and salvage yard?
All there are are just rusted-out frames out there.
Bobby just got in the chassis of a rusty, rusted-out old 57 Chevy.
It didn't have an engine, it didn't have tires, it didn't have a body.
It didn't have a body.
It didn't have nothing.
I just, uh, don't ask me how, but Bobby somehow hot-wired it, drove that sucker home.
He said, all this needs is a couple of lug nuts.
He just put a couple of lug nuts on there.
Lo and behold, there was a car.
There was one old car. There was nothing left of it but a camshaft.
Just an old camshaft laying there on the ground.
There wasn't anybody gonna guard it. Just an old camshaft.
Now, don't ask me how.
Bobby Freed just started it up and just drove it off.
Just an old camshaft.
Then Bobby can just change it into a brand new car.
He just took some paint out. He took some spray paint.
Painted it.
There was a car sitting there.
Freaked me out. He sold it to Billy Ray for $20,000.
Billy Ray took his gal, Charlene, to the drive-in movie.
He was making out with her.
Now, I was sitting in a bar with Bobby.
All of a sudden, Bobby just said, look at this.
Took two lug nuts out of his pocket.
That car just disintegrated. Just turned back into a camshaft.
Science was baffled and powerless.
This is confusing.
A terror-stricken humanity knew that it was on the brink of total destruction.
Well, things are looking up.
A once proud civilization now had to place its trust and hope in Godzilla and his powerful ally, Bob.
Titan against Titan.
Giant against giant in the most spectacular battle yet.
You'll see it all in Godzilla vs. Man-Horse.
Megalon.
But things weren't normal. There were changes.
Ah!
Ah!
Your mother bit me.
I never saw him bite like that.
It's a beautiful sight.
Strange, frightful changes.
That night, it all started.
Stop doing that.
Ah!
See this line, boy?
Here's what I call McCounty Line.
Step over this line, you stand in McCounty.
You break the law over here in the...
In Arkansas, we got three kinds of laws.
Commissarimeter, felony, and sodomy.
Felony will get you sent to the federal penitentiary.
Sodomy will get you sawed, boy.
Cut you in half.
Now, if some men you get busted for sodomy in their precinct,
they're just gonna cut you a little bit.
You get busted for sodomy in my precinct, I'm gonna cut you, boy.
I'm gonna hurt you.
I'm gonna cut you in half, and I want you to know that.
I don't know how they do things out in California or Los Angeles
or wherever the hell you come from.
I'm just saying that you cross over this line,
you're in...
You're in standing in McCounty Line.
You're standing in McCounty.
You break the law in McCounty, I'll shoot you dead.
You fall over dead on that sidewalk, I'll give you a ticket for loitering.
You don't pay that ticket for loitering within 30 days, I'll throw you in jail.
And jail's one place you sure as hell don't wanna be, especially if you're dead, boy.
.

As part of your reward, it's over the air.
Are you listening to this show on a stereo or a...
Well, you...
Hello, am I still here?
I keep...
Of course, Frank, you're still here.
...being put on speaker bones by this other person, you know, this other one.
Yeah, yeah.
You know, some folks are...
Where did you get the idea to listen to this show?
...they kicked in the show on their fillings in their teeth.
I don't know, well...
I mean, how did you know about this show?
Come on, admit it, fess up, get it off your chest.
My friends told me.
Aha, word of mouth.
Okay, put that down.
Now, are you a Democrat or a Republican?
I'll get it.
Oh, I'll get it, okay.
I'm...
It just doesn't matter, I'm not into politics or political things.
And where are you calling from?
Well, they're into you to the tune of a $4 trillion debt.
General Jigarath, are you all alone here?
Yeah, I don't know, but it doesn't matter, I don't vote.
Okay, here we go, line 17, where are you calling from, mother's maiden name, and...
Ah, yes, the tune of the unknown voter in Washington, D.C., our nation's capital.
Oh, yeah, we better just vote for these unknown fornits here.
I'll get the word out, Bob.
Well, we're not that unknown.
When you cast your vote for us, you're really voting for a change that is a spare change for both of us.
Oh, right on.
You could call it chump change.
Yeah, what I'm saying is it's time to change your tape if you're doing a 90-minute tape.
That's right.
If you're taping...
...the show with all its splendid sound effects, it's now time to discontinue your 90-minute tape and flippancy-flop it over.
Oh, they got you the tape!
Oh, I'm sorry, excuse me, that was, I was impetuous, a youthful impetuousness.
I often go off that way.
There we go.
I need a bucket of ice water dashed across my loins, and then I'm myself again.
Oh, okay.
It's that disease I caught in the tropics.
Can we do that before the show?
That's how we wake up for each show.
Oh, that terrible alarm clock.
Can't you just get it out?
I'm gonna have to phone with you guys, because this, I do not want to create the most enormous phone bill.
Oh, you're calling from outside the caller area.
Well...
Yeah.
Thanks for lending your dulcet tones to us.
Thanks for lending your voice and angelic presence to our divine symposium.
Unless you have a much more cheaper form of calling.
Well, you can come down and be on the show.
We'll get some cheap person to call next.
Good evening, Bob. How are you doing?
Good evening, Rocky. I'm very, very confused.
Well, what are you confused about?
About I'm kind of confused myself, and we all get to that point in our life.
But we have to stop, sit down, smell the roses, and try to put our morals together and see what's wrong.
What seems to be out of place tonight with you?
Well, first of all, Rocky, I mean, you used to be very, very selective with who you would call.
Now you're calling just anybody.
Well, I'm going to become more selective to who I call again.
See, some people just don't appreciate good callers.
I'm not...
I'm not too concerned about what Sick Norman says or does.
I ain't never calling that freak.
I ain't listening to his show.
That's it.
Forget about that fat boy.
That man is a real smooth-talking Yankee that come down here,
come down to my neighborhood, my Southland, my coat-of-the-hills area.
He wants to tell me and everybody else what to do and how to live.
I want my statements made.
I want the people to listen to me.
I am the man on the phone.
I am the man that calls these people.
I ain't got no book in front of me.
I ain't got no magazine in front of me.
I'm sitting here in a phone booth.
I am not fading into oblivion.
I am going to be stronger, harder.
You talk about your solar-flex machine...
Have you been drinking out of the jug again, Rocky?
Ah, no.
My voice might sound a little bit different tonight, does it?
Well, yes, it does.
That's because I'm in a phone booth, and it sounds like I'm in an echo chamber.
And a lot of times when I sing, I sing in a phone booth.
You go into phone booths and sing?
I'm a songwriter, Mr. Lassner,
and I'm also a poet.
I'm also a person that cares more about people out here
than the people that call in and that just say,
Rocky's a bum.
He hates everybody.
Authorities believe that he had as many as 18 women
living in a large house there with him,
playing the role of wives in a polygamous situation,
and that he had at least one of them who was 12 years old.
Please let me out!
It doesn't look good.
Sometimes I think all North Americanos are crazy.
If he's dead, you waste your money.
If he's alive, maybe you'll be sorry you find him.
No, we must find Bob.
Now I tell you what I believe.
Yes, what about it?
This beast exists because it is stronger than the thing that you call evolution.
Bob is stronger than...
And it is something.
...the force of life.
A demon driving it through millions of centuries.
No, it can't.
It does not surrender so easily to weaklings like you and me.
Now look, we're not paying you to make jokes.
No, it loves us.
No joke.
Well, I'll try to explain it to you.
Sometimes a species gets isolated in time.
If the conditions are right, it reproduces itself without change,
skipping a chapter of evolution.
A way back in time,
there must have been some major link between Bob and terrestrial life.
It's just possible that this is it.
Well, that's all there is to it.
And that, kiddies, is our fairy story for tonight.
And that, Civet, is our fairy story for tonight.
Now we have to get down to the brass tacks, to the real thing, right?
Right.
Like, uh...
Well, what...
How would you define a po-bucker, Civet?
What would you think of when I say the word po-bucker?
Cheap.
Cheap.
Cheap.
Well, maybe we should do the song.
Because some po-buckers are very generous.
I think perhaps what you mean is poor.
But that's not always the case either,
for there are many, many a rich po-bucker.
They're the most dangerous of all.
Let's do our song, okay?
Okay.
This is an old song that we made up a couple of years ago on the road
on our vacation in Appalachia.
That went...
I'm a po-po-po-bucker
I like to cuss and drink
But there's one thing that makes my head hurt
Please don't ask me to think
That's it, dear friend.
And in honor of this, uh...
Well, some further exploration into that world...
Well, actually, what I should do is tell you what we've been listening to first.
Uh, the collage tapes, uh...
The Dib Pepper All the Hour of Slack shows tonight
have been a combination of tapes by...
The good Joe Riley
Uh, Bob Hall
The Tape Beatles
Uh, and everyone else, puzzling evidence and so forth.
Um, you heard some Jane-er hypercletes there
from the New Southland Corporation rock opera
called Tales of Bobby Free.
Uh, the pieces we heard were
Bobby Free Toe Away Zone
and the McCounty piece from Cherry Don't Cry
Jane-er Hypercletes, Southland Corporation.
Uh, we also heard some KPFA Berkeley, uh...
puzzling evidence and Dr. Howell's genius show
attacking the collars.
And, uh...
Some of those collars then later came to include...
Uh...
Well...
These old rednecks, uh...
Pobuckers and, uh...
Coups, crackpots, and subgeniuses.
Uh, on the...
Apparently, the Bob Lasseter show.
This tape was sent in by, uh...
St. Dave Mitchell of Headlines magazine.
And, uh...
I'd like to continue with these, uh...
pieces from the, uh...
Bob Lasseter show.
And, uh...
Thank you.
You see, this is the point I'm trying to make.
I wish these people would...
would forget about New York for long enough
to try to grasp what I'm trying to do here.
They have to realize that they're in my neighborhood.
I was born and raised in this area.
And all my ancestors were.
These people are coming in here, pushing me around,
saying, hey, I want to raise taxes here.
We want to build a stadium over here.
We don't want that.
Us good old boys,
we want our pickup trucks,
we want our magnums,
we want our blonde, blue-eyed women,
and maybe a little snort of Jack Daniels every once in a while.
I heard on the radio today
that they're gonna have to cut the water down,
the bridges are falling down,
because the Yankees come down here,
they don't know how to build a bridge.
Now they're all falling down,
and now they've realized that the Yankees can't even build a bridge,
so they gotta go to France and get them to build bridges.
They gotta get them from Romania and build bridges.
Because we ain't got nobody left here that wants to work here.
They gotta work for an honest day's living.
It's too hot for them.
They gotta spend all the money on beer.
All the rolls, all the rolls.
I don't care how many marshmallows a man eats,
I don't care how many Ritz Crackers these Yankees come in and buy these toys,
they ain't supporting me.
Yankees are known to eat marshmallows?
They eat marshmallows like they're going out of style.
They do?
They eat them like crazy.
Very rarely do you see a Confederate
going in a grocery store and buying marshmallows.
You won't see me buying no Moon Pies and RC Cola.
I won't do it, and I ain't buying no more Pepsi either.
Now I'll drink a Coke,
but I'm not buying no Pepsi,
and I think you can figure that one out.
Why?
No, I can't.
I tell you, because Michael Jackson is behind that.
Ah.
He's up there buying and selling all this,
advertising all this Pepsi.
Wait a second, don't they have wine over there?
They have a whole lot of derries and Coke and Pepsi.
But if I'm gonna drink a Coke,
they ain't gonna put it on a TV screen.
But Rocky?
Go ahead, I'm listening to you.
I think that Coke hired Lionel Richie.
If he does, it's too bad,
because I'll boycott both of them.
I'll go to Sprite.
I'll go to 7-Up.
I'll make my own brew.
Well, don't you remember the guy, you know, for 7-Up,
that black man with the bald head?
Oh, you're right.
There goes 7-Up, too.
You're right.
And Sprite is made by either Coke or Pepsi.
Coke makes the Sprite.
It's all controlled by the same people.
There was a time in the South
when we didn't have Coca-Cola.
The only place you could get that
was up where the Yankees lived.
We were happy with our Sassafras.
We were happy with our Shine.
But you had to have all these Yankees come down here
and tear down all the stills.
Yankees don't even like the cars.
I don't think we got all the stills.
Well, they ain't got mine.
Didn't think so.
I got my still up here in Clearwater,
and they never, ever gonna bust it up.
I don't care if it's an insurance man,
the IRS man.
They don't mess with my moonshine.
Nobody messes my shine.
Nobody.
Let them come in.
I got a 12-gauge double-barrel,
half-sawed-off shotgun,
and anybody that messes with me
or my organization or my family
is in trouble.
I'm from the old school.
I'm not a liberal.
I am not a liberal.
I didn't think so.
I thought that was all an act.
I ain't a Yankee.
I got a Confederate flag.
I won't even fly this Union flag on a holiday.
I'll fly a Confederate flag
and if my neighbors don't like it,
that's too bad.
Petersburg, Watson, WPLP.
Young man, let me tell you something right now.
I come down here every year,
and I've been coming down here for 24 years,
and I, in my entire life,
have never heard such an outrageous,
outlandish person on a show.
Well, thank you.
You should be reported
to the Chamber of Commerce,
or the SBC.
I am going to write letters.
I spent $800 to get down here.
Alice is listening,
and she is not very appreciative
of what you've been doing.
Who's not very appreciative?
Who's not very appreciative?
She's very upset.
Who's upset, sir?
She's very upset.
Who is upset?
My wife is very upset.
You've got no business talking about us in this manner.
We are supporting you.
We are supporting you people.
Don't you understand?
If we quit coming down here,
you'll be out of a job, sir.
Right.
And I will report you,
and I've heard about you before in the trailer parks.
What's so funny about that, buddy?
Do you mean my fame has spread to the trailer parks?
Well, what is so funny about living in a trailer park?
Nothing, sir.
I'm living in an Airstream right now,
and I don't think it's very funny about the...
Wait, wait a second.
You come down here from where?
What was it, Iowa?
Dragging a trailer,
and you're not even staying in a motel,
and you think you're supporting me?
Are you on drugs, sir?
I bet you use marijuana and all this kind of stuff.
I bet you live a very loose lifestyle.
What kind of a lifestyle?
A very loose lifestyle.
I'm listening to you every night,
and you've got to remember this,
that we might stay here,
and I'm going to report you to the...
Oh, my God!
You might stay here?
I might report you.
I'm going to report you to the...
Trailer Park Association.
I'm going to write management a letter,
and you won't like it.
You'll be very afraid.
Sir, my name is Lassiter.
That's L-A-S-S-I-T-E-R.
Care of the Lassiter Broadcasting Company.
You're in trouble now.
No, sir.
I own the station.
You're in trouble now.
No, I own the place.
My mother bought it.
And I've heard about the way you talk about our president,
and I think it's a disgrace.
Why don't you write him a letter?
I have written him many letters.
Hasn't done you a damn bit of good, has it?
I don't like the way you talked about Jim and Tammy Faye Baker.
Me and my wife stayed at the resort for two weeks,
and we had a lovely and various enjoyment time.
Would you park your air screen there,
or would you stay in a hotel room there?
We stayed in a hotel room there.
Figures.
And we're going to go back, and I will help support his ministry.
Great.
You have done a disservice to God.
Would you leave tonight?
I have never heard anyone lambaste the ministers and the nation in such a distance in my entire
life, sir.
Well, you're lucky you've heard somebody do it now.
I'm going to write a letter to the manager.
I'm going to write a letter to the...
That's Mrs. Lassiter, L-A-S-S-I-T-E-R.
That's the manager's name.
Mrs. Lassiter.
In the phone book.
That's right, in the phone book.
You're making me scream and holler.
That's one of the things I do best.
Sir, why do you carry on in this manner?
This is a very, very outlandish and monstrous tactic you're using.
You got it.
This is not right.
Why don't you help the old people?
Why don't you help us?
Sir, I'd like to help you out.
Which way did you come in?
I came in the wrong direction.
This is the police.

Sir, I'm not going anywhere.
I'm going to write you a letter, and you will receive this letter, and you won't like
it.
I'm going to write more than one letter.
I'm going to write the station.
I'm going to write the Chamber of Commerce.
I, too, will write the Chamber of Commerce, and the Chamber of Commerce will be up flooded
with letters.
Well, you put a lot of kisses up the back of your mouth.

bottom i bet you have a surfboard don't you i bet you wear short cut off jeans and sandals and
beads and probably wear sunglasses all the time and i bet you haven't shaved in three months
closer to three years time you had a shave about three years ago are you married are you living in
sin little of each you you continue to out outrageous well thank you continue to tell
the whole world the whole public here that you're living in sin this is monstrous
i give 10 percent of the pay to the ptl club and i will continue the right to ptl oh jim's living
and i am going to send me 10 too i am going to write a letter to the ptl club
and
And tell them what you've been saying about them.
And you may hear from the PTO club.
Sir, we've tried to get them on the show before.
They won't come on.
You're in trouble now.
You're in trouble now.
Well, sir, I guess I'll just have to wax up my board and go with the flow, you know?
I'm going to stay here.
I'm going to call the police.
We're all in trouble now.
I'll call the police on you.
I mean it.
I'm serious.
Whoa.
Whoa there.
You're going to call the police?
I'm threatening you now, sir.
You've got me upset.
I'll call the police.
I swear I'll call the police.
Do you want me to call the police on you?
You think it's funny?
I will call the police, sir.
Do I think it's funny?
Do I think it's funny?
Are you kidding me?
Be afraid, aren't you?
You're pulling my leg.
Sir, I'll lock you up.
I'll have you locked up, sir.
You can't do this.
You're going to kill me.
That was the greatest call I've ever had in my entire career.
You think.
You think your.
You think that your.
That was the greatest call ever to talk radio.
You think by laughing.
That you're showing me that you're not afraid.
That you're all afraid.
I know it.
Oh, God.
Sir, you're going to kill me.
I've got five left.
You're right, sir.
Five letters now.
Oh, my goodness.
You've got a busy night ahead.
you i'm going to start right now okay have a bad night hippie
look for mine for me
fine no imagination kill him do not think that you are the lucky one to go on on stage
germs know no distinction between one man and another
i brought the atom bomb i think it's a good time to use talk about stability no sway dive or
shudder and now punishment beyond the call of duty the subgenius
right now it's being flown to florida's famed ocean harbor oceanarium where the experts hope
to restore it to consciousness the greatest scientific stir since the explosion of the
atomic bomb
it will catch your eye in the city
it's horrible how horrible are you shocked mr esmond you don't last a minute amongst those fiends
i hope we haven't interrupted you in the middle of a trance or something
as a matter of fact you did but don't worry we'll forgive you anyway
oh
again
so
around you wouldn't believe this will adopt who is supposedly an adult is
sitting over here it picking hit hits hitting each other with civet who's only
12 years old yeah always say that okay anyway uh yeah here's uh well I don't
know what city this is from it doesn't really matter but I think that we should
all have pity for this young man passion Eric that's getting in the way of you're
really accepting real people and I agree I'd be a little alarmed if I were you
because it sounds like you're retreating into it more and more rather than less
and what's scary is that the more you decide that these are the perfect women
and real women are imperfect the more that you're going to push yourself into
it
my goodness what if you started wearing Little Mermaid clothes and I have a pin
I mean I had I'm actually last night had a wet dream when I was with Little
Mermaid and I think that that's the thing what really scared me was when I
started to have the wet dreams about her and I have like a little pin on my
jacket I have a shirt I have an Aladdin shirt which I always wear out all the
time and my friends my friends kind of know they just they just kind of make
fun of me that they don't they don't understand you know what I'm going
through and all now what would you like them to understand about you Eric
that you know that that it's normal it's not crazy to be in love with the
cartoon you know I don't think it's that weird I mean she's beautiful she's
perfectly perfect no girl could ever compare to the way the Little Mermaid
look who turns you on the most is it Jasmine from Aladdin Bells from Beauty
and the Beast or or Little Mermaid it might be it's definitely between Little
Mermaid and Jasmine cause I think was Bella was always covered up she was
always fully clothed except during maybe the ballroom scene you saw a little bit of cleavage
but Jasmine and Ariel will always there only having a bikini top on so
it was always between the two of them and it was always Little Mermaid until
when I saw Jasmine and she also just stole my heart away I mean
she's beautiful she's totally beautiful I mean I don't know what I should do like I
said I can't I got up girls I just don't want to be with them they just can't
measure up to the way cartoons are how do you feel that girls treat you though on the whole I guess pretty well I guess I guess pretty well I guess pretty well
Well, I mean, girls who I've been with in the past, I mean, I've had some pretty decentable relationships.
I had one relationship with this one girl, and she hurt me really, really bad.
This girl back.
How'd she do that?
Well, we were like best friends, and we went out, and we were best friends, and I think I fell in love with her.
And then she told me that, you know, we were together for a while, and she told me that she couldn't handle it, and she broke it off.
Then we got back, and then she broke it off again.
This happened about 12 times, on and off.
You know, every time that we got back together, I was so happy, and then she would break up with me again.
Well, you know, I think this is really at the heart of why you're so turned on to The Little Mermaid and Jasmine and, you know, all these other cartoon figures.
Because real love is painful!
I mean, could you really...
It hurt you!
You were a bouncing ball.
You were a yo-yo, and you didn't like it.
So why shouldn't you be happier having a paper woman who...
who totally would never treat you poorly, you could make up anything you want about her, and you're totally in control, because there she is on paper.
I mean, I think she's more than just paper, though.
I mean, I don't know, sometimes I like to think that she maybe exists somewhere, like some possible way in some world that she actually exists, and maybe I'll find her.
I don't know, I mean, or Jasmine, I mean, either one of the two, I guess.
Or I guess I would sacrifice for Belle.
I mean, these are the girls that I want to be with.
No one even...
No one could possibly compare to them.
I mean, I don't know what I'm going to do later on in life, you know?
You're going to have a real problem, Eric.
Because you're right.
You know, like I said, I masturbate to them.
I couldn't...
I had an erection throughout the whole movie of Aladdin with Jasmine.
And even, like I said, when there was cleavage shown in Beauty and the Beast, I couldn't believe it.
I got so turned on so quickly.
Well, you're absolutely right, Eric.
No girl's ever going to match up to that, because they get pimples.
Um, they...
They might have a runny nose.
Um, their hair is oily sometimes.
Um, their eyes are puffy.
They're grumpy sometimes.
Who?
Yep.
Well, they'll never grump.
They'll never match.
You're right.
No, but that's okay.
Cut the poor guy some slack, okay?
Uh, John Bartles here.
Oh, by the way.
Sorry, that's our tape.
We may go back to that, because it's so bizarre.
And yet, I bet some of you boys have been thinking,
baby, last time you saw that...
Uh, how about Roger Rabbit?
Cool world.
The invisible girl.
That was the one I...
I, well...
Uh, yeah.
Dr. Legume up in Philadelphia submitted that.
That submission.
And, uh, I think...
This song by John Bartles has a great deal of bearing on the exact same thing.
Thank you.
I'm hopelessly heterosexual.
Not overly intellectual.
And I see you're heterosexual, too.
So why don't we cut the crap?
And give it to this crazy...
And have a hopelessly heterosexual relationship.
Me and you.
Yep, I'm hopelessly heterosexual.
No use in denying it.
It's just impossible.
I was born that way.
And you were born that way, too.
Don't you see I'm hopelessly heterosexual over you?
I'm hopelessly heterosexual over...
Over you.
Over you.
Over you.
Over you.
Over you.


Over you.
Over you.
Over you.







Hello?
I just called to let you know that I was sorry.
You're sorry?
I am sorry.
John, I'm sorry, too.
Well, would you tell Amy and I I'm sorry?
I'll tell him that you're very sorry.
And also that we didn't use that thing that he did.
You didn't?
No.
Oh.
I'm sorry
For what might happen next
The world revolves around your conception
Even though it's warped by your own self-perception
Guess it's my fault
You got the wrong impression
I'm sorry
So sorry
I'm sorrier than you
I feel awful, yes it's true
I take full responsibility for everything you think
I'm sorry
And everything
Everything I don't do
I'm sorry
Sorry
Are you really younger than me?





Was this just rappers' Nurts, who are just heath falan?

I feel tender







Stopping seeingudes
I was I'm so sorry
I tried to explain my episode
To my family
It's not all a n valle Jeep
I know no do kommies
It's not a don and Bill rappers
We can't stop listening if you say something else
Neverass fans areешеhroudacks
and take care of me if I needed her.
What do you think, Dr. J?
I think you've got to be really careful, Eric.
You're slipping into a little fantasy land here
from whence it will be harder and harder for you to emerge over time,
and I'm worried about you.
You've got to give the guy credit, though.
I mean, Belle and Little Mermaid, they are pretty.
Yeah, sure.
You know what I'm saying?
Well, so is Mel Gibson and Dennis Quaid.
You know, they're handsome, but, well, at least they're real people.
What about Johnny Quest?
Eric, you've got a problem here.
Clutch cargo.
I hate to tell you this because I know you're not happy hearing it,
but the more you slip into doing this,
I would say you have to stop this right away
because I see you going further and further into your imagination
and being disappointed with real people,
and that's where I think it comes from,
your disappointment with girls and your hurt from this.
Oh, hard.
I can certainly understand this guy being disappointed with real people,
but how many real people are there after all?
Now, we're going to get back to our investigations into the world of Pobuckers.
I've got a little bit of tape here from one of the great Pobuckers of all time,
Jim Jones.
Wish I had more Koresh friends because he would also certainly qualify.
Qualify.
Servant, what was it you wanted to say?
The second word I think of when I hear the word Pobucker
would probably have to be ma.
Ma.
That's us.
The Midwest.
A mother feels a sharp pain in her right hand.
Far away at that exact same moment,
her daughter screams as she touches a hot pan.
Just chance?
Or is it telling us something about our own untapped capabilities?
Power of a flash.
Goes deeper into unexplained phenomena than ever before.
It documents the facts,
and it covers what people were never willing to talk about.
Stonehenge.
A visitor fashions a wire antenna in the shape of an ancient Egyptian symbol.
He points it at the stones,
and a surge of power rushes into his arm,
knocking him unconscious.
Was it all in his mind?
Or was it much more than that?
Sponsored by the Church of the Sub-Church.
They tell us that
we lost our tail
evolving up
from little snails.
I say it's all
just women's sails.
Are we not men?
We are devils.
Have we been釘 по лодке,
look at him
And blues



You'd never be able to вспi
do
What is BOK志
But its
You



to see

his store.
You who are stupid piss ants and reptiles and lower than the primates, you
can make a hoopie if you want, but your hoopie makes me sicky, and so you can
make your hoopie while I do something that's far more significant. I got me some
big plans, both here, there, and everywhere. Got lots of plans.
The relatives of Jonestown residents, their contact cut off from their loved ones by
dad, were becoming troublesome. A group was formed called Concerned Relatives, and
with the prize defectors Timothy and Grace Stone, the custody battle for John
Vickney was won.
After became the center of the challenge, they also sent a petition to the U.S.
State Department charging human rights violations in Jonestown. It was
complicated.
You think it's anachronized to talk about it. Odd in the same way that it would be
odd if...
Talk about it. It strikes me as odd in the same way that it would be odd...
Odd in the same way that it would be odd if...
But for some reason...
But for some reason...
But for some reason...
But for some reason...
As to stimulate that appetite. as to stimulate that appetite.
Attorney theme plays
Voice of Kurt Everywhere
If we have seen the coming of a saviour, a beacon of slack, a banner behind which we
may all unite.
It is the coming of Awesome.
J.R. Bob Dobbs
and his mighty
Church of the
Subgenius.
Monkey men
all
in business suits
Teachers
and critics
all dance the pooh
Are we
not men?
We are
devout
Are we not men?
D.D.O.
Come in.
Hi, Sam. Got a minute?
Hi, Paula. What's on your mind?
Sam, I think we have a real
emergency situation here.
Are you aware that we're making some
submission deadlines by just one day?
No, I wasn't.
I've been so busy recently that I haven't paid much attention.
Another symptom. And take a look
at this financial statement I just got from accounting.
Endless
submission.
Submission.
And you too can submit,
dear friends, to the word of
J.R. Bob Dobbs
whose church this is.
And you know, you really ought to write.
It's about time you got around to writing
into the Church of the Subgenius for the
free information.
Well, it's catalog is what it is.
But what a catalog.
A catalog
of sins.
And I'd like to give you that post office
box number to write to.
Write. Now.
We'll give you some
if you just write to Bob
at, and you can just
address that,
B-O-B, friends, at
P-O-B, that's
post office box
140306.
Ah, yes.
140306.
Dallas, Texas.
75214.
Yes,
we're not.
Kidding.
It really is
Dallas, Texas.
Ah.
This is Walter
Concrete. We're here on this
busy street corner to perform an
interesting experiment. I'm an
amputee. I'm going to ask the
first person I see if he
can tell if the thing hanging from
my shoulder and my arm
is really my arm or a prosthetic
device totally concealed by a
new,
still,
know I'm wearing,

motto and hang Coco Manor
dollar go.

great I'm ready to change
me.
We present at don't

the new вопрос.
There's course for the
man.
Who I know.
stumps. In reality, I have
no arms. See? Do you have a quarter?
Eaten away by the
new plague tumors.
There's no ozone
like no ozone
I know. Everyone
is also very blotchy.
Do you have a quarter? They're in my brain
now to see.
Any kind of spare change at all, like maybe a dollar or something?
No, not at all,
my bad man.
Ring.
Ring.
Ring.
Oh, hello?
Yes? Is that? You don't say, you don't say,
you don't say.
Well, friends, that was Brain Rot
Radio just then,
and it is, isn't it?
It is.
It is.
Brain Rot Radio out of
Cleveland, WCSB
is where those ugly guys do that,
and they are too.
Oh, God.
You know,
they'd never make it in TV.
I would. Oh, yeah.
Mm-hmm. Well, friends,
and others,
you know, it wouldn't be a proper
Pobucker
type show without playing this
Greg Keeler classic,
Manly Men.
Greg Keeler, a lone
weirdo in Bozeman, Montana,
created this song. The Swingin'
Love Corpses do a killer
cover of this. Dude, man, it rocks.
We're men among men, man, manly
men, yes, manly men are we.
We're men among manly men,
among manly, manly men
are we.
We'll sail up north and cross
the ice and cross the barren snow
fields. You gotta be tough and you gotta
be a man to club the baby
harp seal.
To club the baby harp
seal. We're men among
men and manly men, yes,
manly men are we.
We're men among manly men, among manly
manly men are we.
We'll drive out
west on a buffalo hunt in a
Venture Bowl and daring. We'll
shoot one again and again and again
while the others stand there staring.
While the others
stand there staring.
We're men among men and
manly men, yes, manly men are
we. We're men among manly
men, among manly manly men
are we.
When we shoot him down, he'll get back up, so we'll shoot him down again.
But he'll get back up, so we'll shoot him down, because we are manly men.
Yes, we are manly men.
And a man's gotta do what a man's gotta do.
And a man is a man among men.
Yes, a man among men's gotta do what a man's gotta do as a man among men.
We'll hunt the black rhinoceros down on the plains so dry and hot.
We'll blow him over and take his horn and leave the rest to rot.
Yes, leave the rest to rot.
And a man's gotta do what a man's gotta do.
And a man is a man among men.
Yes, a man among men's gotta do what a man's gotta do as a man among men.
We'll take that corn and sell it to our Taiwanese connections
They'll grind it up into medicine so men can get erections
So men can get erections
And a man's gotta do what a man's gotta do
And a man is a man among men
Yes, a man among men's gotta do what a man's gotta do
As a man among men
We're men among men and manly men
Yes, manly men are we
We're men among manly men among manly manly men are we
Come on, men, let's kill it!
What are we, women?
Oh, yes, indeed.
Greg Keeler there with
Manly Men
from his album
Bad Science Fiction
Now, I've got, I have this
No, this isn't the right kind of music for this
I'm just gonna tell ya
We got the most interesting tape
from
Okay, this is
Subgenius Tejano music from Ohio
I got this tape in the mail
from, the name of the album is
Tortilla Diablo
The name of the band is Cinco Con Dos
And they are located in Bowling Green, Ohio
And when you look at the cassette label and everything
it's got a picture of this band
and there's bob heads all over the place
and there's little pipes and subgenius imagery in it
Our post office, Box 1403

Dallas, Texas 75214 is in there
and their post office box
7004 Bowling Green, Ohio
43402
and it's called Praise Dobbs Records
That's their record company
Praise Dobbs Records
and it's a rock
It's a Tejano style rock and roll music
Against the Conspiracy, all in Spanish
and the liner notes here say
Hace tres años que se juntaron
Well basically it says
It's been for three years
It's been three years that these four musicians got together
Each musician had an idea
Juntos hicieron una historia
They had a
They wanted to make new sounds
And they got into hardcore
Tejano music
Tejano music
Tejano music
Músicas Tejana
Hardcore y de la música popular
de hoy
Lo que resultó es como
Chío filosófico
I don't know
And when
And when you
With the tortilla diablo
Take care that
You do not fall forever into his pipe
And Praise Dobbs
This, here it is
Cut
What's the name of this?
This song?
El carro demonio
Ocho pistones hechos para matar
El tanque lleno de sangre nunca se va a vaciar
El motor hecho en la fundación
Revuerto en fierro con la sangre de los humanos
Es una cosa horrible, maldado, sin consencia
Frío del corazón hecho para matar
Matar, matar, matar, matar
No vas a ver
This is a car, a car of spongebob
This is a car of spongebob
I believe you're a son of spongebob
This is a car, a car of spongebob
I believe you're a son of spongebob
In the night, there are eight left since that car appeared.
That death, that skull made of iron.
The power is with the lights off so you'll never look at it until it's too late.
You're already on the car's wheels.
The red wheels are full of blood.
In the coldظ in the cold that caso de dolor di Francia,
in a cz usted se porque so mal.
State where defenda amanda?
State, state where defenda amanda?
State, state where defenda amanda?
State, state where defenda amanda?
State, state where defenda amanda?
Sneak.
Restart time!
No hay noche que pasa que no hay muerte
Desde que se apareció ese carro
Esa calavera, ese fierro frío con sangre sobre su cuerpo
No hay noche que pasa que no hay gente que llore
Que le falta que se punta a una persona
Porque no puso atención a lo que diría
Un carro sin luz, corriendo recio en los barrios
Queriendo fijarse para un carro y un carro
De monio
De monio
De monio
De monio
De monio
De monio
De monio
De monio
