And yea, lo, as the end times increased in horror,
the true wisdom of Robert was destined,
inevitably destined to be followed by the divine stupidity of Bob.
Bob!
Bob!
This is KNON 19.9 FM in Dallas, Texas.
Please Bob! Please Bob!
Oh yes, dear friends, this is Li Li Jing, the Chinese subgenius,
and you are listening to the Hour of Slack on KNON in Dallas, Texas.
I don't know how you came by this record,
but you are now embarked upon a journey that must certainly lead you to change your life forever.
If you were never a special person, you are a special person now.
Hello seeker! Now don't feel alone here in the New Age, because there's a seeker born every minute.
Yes, I'm Dr. Happy Harry Cox, and call me happy because I am.
Because you're listening to another episode of the Hour of Slack.
Together in a series of my mind-breaking records,
Men Never Lived on Earth, which started off with I Came from Outer Space,
followed by Strangers at Our Door,
which includes the ultra-high-speed recording of real gas music from Jupiter.
If you haven't got them, buy them now.
I was right about the comet. Get them and see why.
Write me here in my award-winning communication trailer,
Space Nyon, Blue Mouse Trailer Resort, Hellmouth, California, Nyon 0666.
Dogs!
Dogs!
Blue Spaceships!
Blue SpaceX invented the vacations!
Men and women are the same sex!
Our forefathers took drugs!
Your brain is not the boss!
Yes, yes, that's right!
Everything you know is wrong!
Hello, seekers! Here we go again.
And hello, especially, to the skeptic inside you who might still believe that pigs live in trees
and that Faithful Rover is nothing but a pet sleeping by the doggie.
Well, doggone it, he's smarter than you'll ever be.
Yes, I've got proof here that his ancestors came from the Dog Star millions of years ago to rule the Earth.
He's been there.
And you probably don't even know where you are.
Don't believe it? Well, listen to this.
Well, first I thought it was a big old dog.
Of course, the way it howled and how it had them big friendly eyes.
But I had to ask myself what the hell it was doing up in the graveyard,
digging up the ground with a shovel.
I thought I was crazy. I'm not a drinking man on duty, Mr. Cox, not me.
You know, I figured it was one of them werewolves that were having,
so I slipped a wooden load in my shotgun and then all of a sudden, now this is gonna sound crazy,
a big dark shape with flashing lights come up.
Over the top of the hill, that one right over there, it was about a hundred miles an hour.
This dog or wolf or whatever it was, it took off like a bug wrapper from that dry hump over there.
Hey, deputy, just a minute, will you?
I'm not a drinking man, Mr. Cox, I swear to hell I saw it.
That was no crazed sterno-bum, but a respected law enforcement officer,
Sheriff Luger Axe Handle of Heater County, California.
And that wooden marker over the grave where the creature was digging?
It bore a mysterious inscription.
Much faded with time and wormholes, it read,
No name. Died 1897.
With this curious epitaph,
Not from around here, but a real square little feller.
Now, I tracked down this story to Lim Ash Haller,
who's editor of the Hellmouth Heater Democrat.
Back here someplace.
Well, it published monthly back then.
There's a lot happening, you know.
Oh, 1897.
It was a big yellow jacket epidemic.
That was very fashionable in those days.
April 19th.
Yeah, it was a bunch of funny storms.
Wait a minute, here it is.
April 19th, 1897.
Strange occurrence at Pockters Well.
Yeah.
This story pops up about every ten years or so.
Happened over in Curio, Arizona, about 20 miles to the other side of the river.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Came crawling out of a well wearing ladies shoes.
Didn't know what milk was.
Repeated everything anybody said.
I'm reading it.
Real little, smooth like baby's feet, with big friendly eyes.
He sounds like a real nice guy.
Took him to the Swiss picnic for a good time,
and he choked to death on a piece of cheese.
And then the end of the story.
Just coming over the line.
Curio, Arizona, crumbling remnant of the old west,
or could it be the final resting place of a little guy from outer space?
Could be, could be.
All I know is everything you know is wrong.
Think your children are as innocent as the new puppy next door.
Well, they know something you don't know.
They know that their American forefathers took drugs.
And you probably don't even know
where your father is.
Welcome, dear friends,
to the subgenius hour of sloth.
Sloth technically.
A sad, plain maneira de tsundere sloth there to tell you
how to например your father.
To say this to me is like spitting under the cap,


I'll show you more interesting stuff tomorrow.
I'll eat mayhem and shrimp meat
for the Henry Scott's family dinner in the city.
the deep stream floats on the surface,
like the ancient Egyptians floated on the current of their belief,
for they thought they would never die,
but be reborn as gargling sarcophagi,
horrible mummies to march across the earth
and wreak and spew vengeance.
Give me the pyroflagellator.
All of the little tiny dead deities
march down the side of the subgenius church
and now live their lives.
Within the great pyramid,
the secret chamber of the subgenius.
Oh, my God.
What light and steam come from the special effects department
located below the pyramid?
Here, inside the heart of the mighty structure,
puzzling evidence broadcasts
from the inner chamber of the great pyramid.
Yeah, I'll teach you all how to talk on the radio.
Come on down.
Yes, these giant pyramids are actually radio stations
of a primitive nature,
which broadcast by the strange...
I'll play rock and roll until everybody falls apart.
I'll copy that old Procter & Bergman movie.
Then they would show the strange films
to the walls of the...
Come on, let's watch J-Man.
Please, Bob.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
This is Li Liqing, the Chinese subgenius.
And you are listening to the Hour of Slack
on KNON in Dallas, Texas.
Remember, Bob is the comrade of all people.
Here in China, just like in America,
the people need Slack.
In Chinese, we call slack, 六天牌.
But it must be true slack, not the bad slack of the conspiracy.
Please, Bob, help me somebody.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Oh, thank you, Li Li Jing, for that beautiful message.
Oh, it's so nice to be back in power
and barely getting my voice back after the mighty preaching we had
at the Caravan of Dreams in Fort Worth this last Friday night.
And friends, for those of you who just tuned in
and have never listened to the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack before,
this is the audio organ,
the secret organ of the Church of the Subgenius,
dedicated.
To the teachings of J.R. Bob Dobbs,
the living slack master of mystic sales training, friends,
the bridge between heaven and earth and hell,
the wordless bobhead, dear friends, the naked Dobbs,
all-knowing, all-prevailing, all-just, all-true, all-none, all-one.
Dobbs is the one true way by which we may finally achieve
that elusive slack,
which has been denied us.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
And we're going to be getting into some of that.
Actually, I may play a tape of that revival
at the Caravan of Dreams this last Friday night.
Not the whole thing, just a little bit of it.
But in the meantime, dear friends,
we'll just get things moving a bit with Negative Land.
This is Negative Land's new,
un-released album.
Is there any escape from noise?
You've got a good beginning.
Hit and miss and trial and error.
It just depends again on breaking the records over radio.
Rock music blares!
Doors slam!
People yell!
Children scream!
Sirens whine!
Trucks crumble and roar!
And rock music blares!
Blares, blares, blares!
Is there any escape?
Rock music blares!

Have an Я несколько дней!
Юля, Ellaien!



Komm los F Informationen!

Cor backlog der Luulensch Information?

Is there any escape from noise?
Шор ты?
Is there any escape from noise?
Nee, нет.
baben
편
내
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Supposing you're watching the Playboy channel.
And it's just about time for them to have an orgasm.
When all of a sudden...
Wham!
The horrible noise comes in and completely destroys you.
Oh.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
The horrible noise comes in and completely distracts you.
I turned around and, well, sure enough, there was the mighty co-host,
Dr. Jay Cotton, or Condom, depending on your religion.
Let's see, are you...
Yeah, there you go.
You're coming in now, Dr. Condom.
That's a relief.
I was frightened.
Yeah, we had a mighty...
We had a mighty preaching show.
We had a mighty show there at the Caravan of Dreams the other night.
A mighty preaching show.
And some of our listeners were there.
We were so glad to meet you all and perform the healings and the sickenings.
Some souls were saved.
Some souls were damned to hell.
Yeah.
Yeah, but which hell, you know?
The hell of your choice.
That's the wonderful thing about J.R. Bob Dobbs, my friend.
He's the human scrapyard.
And you can get compressed into...
Into the world of Bob so easily.
So easily.
And yet, it's also so easy to abuse it.
Well, Dr. Condom, I thought the song gods put in a hell of a performance.
It was fast-paced action that just kind of just rolled over everybody.
And by golly, if they didn't like it...
If they didn't like it, kill them.
Well, the beer barrel polka is favored among everybody.
And when it goes into the...
And then scoots right into that little circus song.
You know, that...
Like it did.
Well, they started passing out.
Then we moved on into Exodus.
And, well, then the Jewish people sort of just kind of flipped.
And segued from that into Haba Nagila.
And they flipped a little harder.
And there's flipping and a flopping.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
You know, look around you and face it.
It's obvious that the world...
The world is composed of complete jerks.
And yet, and yet, every now and then, you creep in with just a bit of true slack.
A man's not made of steel, folks.
And the song gods aren't made of the new issue of P-Dog Comics number two.
And when is that...
By the way, folks, our co-host tonight...
Dr. Condom is also well known as the co-author of P-Dog Comics number one.
No, I just front for those guys.
Oh, you're the distributor, huh?
The distributor.
That's Eddie Nukes and Jocko Brainiac.
Those two nudists from Florida.
And Eddie Nukes can be seen occasionally doing extra work on Miami Vice.
As I understand it, though, the P-Dog Comics...
And that is...
That P is...
What is that an abbreviation for?
It's not an abbreviation.
Yeah, as I said, I thought it was an abbreviation.
It's spelled out.
That's how I thought.
It's like P, like P your damn ass, P me.
And so we move on.
Do-do-do-do-do, do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do.
Do-do-do-do-do, do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do.
They call you the B generation.
You think you live as you choose.
Oh.
You beat generation.
I think you're headed for the blues.
Now your lives don't have a meaning.
Though you're living up a storm.
You'll do anything at all except conform.
You don't have much ambition.
You're just aimless and depressed.
You think you're really with it, but you're missing all the best.
You be.
You think you're really with it, but you're missing all the best.



You think you live as you choose.
Oh.
You beat, beat, beat generation.
I think you're headed for the blues.
Too bad you're wedded to the blues.
Now your lives don't have a meaning.
Though you're living up a storm.
You'll do anything at all except conform.
Now your lives don't have a meaning.

You don't have much ambition.
You're just aimless and depressed.
You think you're really with it, but you're missing all the best.
You be.
You think you live as you choose.
Oh.
You beat, beat, beat generation.
I think you're headed for the blues.
Too bad you're wedded to the blues.



Why did you do the blues?
You're killing me.
Looking sweet for good.
Keep you while I'm down.
Like I do you would.
You're killing me.
You're killing me.
Trying to show me your signs.
Calling me the brave.
You want to plunge a knife into my back and twist it.
Twist it round and round.
You want to plunge a knife into my back and twist it.
Twist it round and round.
You're killing me.
Turning against my house.
You think I don't see what you're all about.
I'm a fool on your side.
A bitch in your ass.
You want to see me die.
You want to see me crash.
You want to plunge the knife into my back and twist it.
Twist it.
Twist it round and round.
You want to plunge a knife into my back and twist it.
Twist it round and round.
You want to plunge the knife into my back and twist it.
You're killing me.
Looking sweet for good.
Keep you while I'm down.
Like I do you would.
You're killing me.
Put you in the grave.
Trying to show me your signs.
Calling me the brave.
You want to plunge a knife into my back and twist it.
Twist it round and round Just around and round.
You want to plunge a knife into my back and twist it.
Twist it round and round.
You're killing me.
Turning against my house.
You think I don't see what you're all about.
I'm a fool on your side.
A bitch in your ass.
You want to see me die.
You want to see me crash.
You want to plunge a knife into my back and twist it.
Twist it round and round Just around and round.
You want to plunge a knife into my back and twist it.
Just around and round 198 00 COACH



Round and round and round
You're killing me!
You're killing me!
You're killing me!
Ah yes dear friends, that's Zug's Rift, the mighty and pretty much terrifying Zug's Rift.
He's um, and you can actually get that record, I can't really say the name of the album on the air because it's illegal.
But at the same time you can yet nevertheless buy it at stores such like.
Zug's is quite, quite the, ugh.
He's like your typical subgenius recording artist, he's been trying for years and years to break through.
My daddy is an unqualified Hawaiian satanic convenience food store clerk for the secret marine.
We can say Satan on the radio.
I know, cause I pulled the string on the back of his head and he told me of how the men from the health department come in and hang the cream donuts on their wrists while saluting the flag.
Little old ladies from the back of the house.
Down the street, hang out playing the video games in the wee hours in the morning.
And take turns giving daddy gum jobs.
But sometimes he gets stuck to their denture cement and we have to use a blow torch.
We then have to throw to the introduce our super toolkit.
How we start, it goes like this.


On the gel when they pour, and I say love you and take it.
And the codes hint at some partner on the top of the şunu.
gitu on the left.
And we go pig all the way to the whiskey no no.
Yesterday, I went in to buy some cake and candy,
but Daddy was putting the pure cane sugar out on the counter in little piles
and told me to f***.
I was psychologically despondent over his compendious manner,
despite my usual latitudinarian tendencies.
What is wrong with you today, old man?
Got the rag on you, old hag?
Daddy then began to cry,
and I ran outside into the arms of three ruffians
who proceeded to bash my skull into a nearby brick wall.
I told them when I grow up, I want to be a brain surgeon,
just like my little brother.
Then I showed them all ran away and joined the circus.
And I said,
what's the matter?
Well, the number is 10,000.
It's true, folks.
I had to censor the living daylights out of that record to play it over the air,
but it's because I really want to turn you all on to Zug's Rift.
He's a...
He's a...
He's a...
a worthy individual. He's been struggling for a long time and is probably not doing anything at
all to get himself any more commercial success, which is why you should probably go out and buy
that thing. I think he's going to be playing in town pretty soon. We will show him how to
reach commercial success. Let's lessen that struggle.
All you rocking out cats and kitties, this is the Nightman.
And calling from the big bad city right down here at KNON. We have just finished our big
fall pledge drive and I want to ask everybody that made a pledge to a show during the pledge drive
to mail that pledge in to KNON. Post office box 710909.
Dollar.
Texas 75371. Again, mail that pledge in to KNON. Post office box 710909. Dallas, Texas 75371.
Because I tell you what, if you made that pledge, it don't do us no good unless you make it good,
baby, to KNON, the hottest station on the planet Earth, right here in Dallas, Fort Worth.
All broadcast programming now emanates from one source.
The church of the sun.
4,000 years ago.
A station with 18 billion tornads.
You wouldn't think they could do it. You wouldn't think in this scientific modern age such a miracle
could take place. But now, before your astonished ears, here on the radio, it all happens.
It happens at once. And to you, here on the fabulous Subgenius show, there will never be another
show like this. There will never be another opportunity like this to be inculcated and educated
by the vast fountains and springs of cosmic wisdom pouring out like water shot from some high crag,
falling down the water, the green earth, and to start a new generation, a thick forest of knowledge, firmly anchored in the crumbling,
topsoil of ancient myths and twilight lunacies.
We've learned a lot. We've learned a lot from the Subgenius show, and we hope that we're gonna learn a lot more on the Subgenius program.
I just wanna tell you guys, keep doing what you're doing, and we love it, and we want you to go on and on and on.
Yeah, whatever it was.
And no problem about that. We'll keep babbling, or the bibble babble we wish to bibble babble in the center of the universe.
Oh, I'm sorry you have reached the underwater radio show.
Gosh, I didn't mean to!
Have a new bathing suit or a good pair of swim fins.
Oh, I'm embarrassed. I left mine at home.
Please do not try to paddle through the show weed.
I'll turn around as soon as I can turn in this tiny channel. It's obstructing my movements.
Hi, I'm Smart Mark the shark. I can think and eat at the same time.
And clutch cargoes.
I've been clutched by a giant crab.
Suddenly, an apparition appears.
So, go smurfing instead of showing.
He has a riffing.
We'll take care of you. You'll rise to the top and then sink down to the bottom of the Titanic diaper bag. So long!
Uh-huh. Sure.
I'm not sure I believe all that anymore.
I don't know. Maybe it was a CIA experiment.
Uh, yeah.
Tell me, guy. Did you serve in Dobbs Army back in the 80s?
I helped set up Dobbs Army.
What did you do to Dobbs Army, man?
Man.
Rock music, man.
Hey, come on, buddy.
The 80s were hard years.
You don't understand what we were up against then.
It's time to be happy, buddy. Come on. This is a party. None of that spooky Indian scary stuff.
Controversy, greed, moral plight, gibberish, search and seizure of the church.
Church, church.
Yes, it was an embarrassing script search of the subgenius church so early in the morning.
And we're sorry.
We're sorry about any inconvenience it may have caused you.
On the other hand, we hope that it's been somewhat of an educational experience.
We know it has been for us.
Oh, yeah. Write the letter to David Byrne about the puzzling evidence.
Yes, those guinea pigs were taken to a disco and made to listen to music for as long as their little hearts could stand it.
Mm-hmm.
And you'll hear more about that and other puzzling mysteries as we investigate the isosceles triangle of the Bermuda Shores.
Mm-hmm.

And past wives, uh, trance, spitting, uh, mumbling, and, uh, carimba.
Let's pretend like your name is Jojo.
Okay, Raymond.
Son, come over here. Son.
Listen, son. I don't want you playing with, with Jenny and...
Joey and Jojo no more.
Why?
Well, son, because they're normal.
Because, because they're for the false churches.
I want you to...
Why don't you just go up there for a while and look at your pamphlet and color in your, your Bob coloring book.
Sorry, Dad. Bob's for kids.
Oh.
In Dobbs Town, when Bodhisattva Dobbs sits under the open sky,
unraveling small business parables to the devout zombies gathered around him,
birds flock overhead to give him shade.
They let their droppings fall only on his words.
followers. In his dhābhmā, or teaching, the master dhābs demands absolute self-deification,
the retainting and depurification of the ego, and the achievement of all selfish desires.
The only way to handle temptation, he admonishes, is to go at it until it hurts. Then it will
be finished with you and will leave you alone, unless you get hooked. Then only larger donations
to the Church can save you. That's a moving parable. This was a small business parable
from the book of the subgenius. And from an equally holy tome, Dr. Condom shall present us
with some of the headlines from the last week's
weekly world news.
Weekly world news. The most incredible encounter ever with elusive beast. Bigfoot adopts human
child. A gigantic Bigfoot has brought presents of fruit and pebbles to a six-year-old girl
who lives in a remote farming country, says a university team to check out the report.
As the Bigfoot brought the fruit and pebbles, birds flew overhead and provided food for
the little girl. The Bigfoot's
story is from the Shangxi province in China, where they take the Bigfoot so-called legends
rather more seriously than our scientists here in the United States.
So that's not the more common round-eyed Bigfoot I hear.


No, no, this is the Bigfoot from the center of the world. From the very bowels of humanity.
That counts for the fruit and pebbles.
And bam bam.
Don't just eat that hamburger, friends. Eat the hell out of it, said Dobbs in Economicon
2378. For the profundity quotient of his quotes,
it seems to increase geometrically the longer the student listens. Dobbs, as teacher, destroys
the parts of your brains you're better off without. Many happy tales are told of Bob
and the Kool-Aid on that great night of slack in the jungle. The Kool-Aid that made them
so much more alive to their own infinite potential. His lessons may be difficult, even dangerous,
but they work.
Here.
Oh, yeah.
Here.
Yes.
Here's an interesting headline. Men's sweat turns gals on. Fellas don't need fancy deodorants
to make a woman swoon while making love, say experts. Just sweat.
That's the pheromones, friends. You know, you never lost the instincts that your ancestors,
the Yetis and the Neanderthals had.
I have a parable about instincts.
I bet you do. Can we?
Yeah, two little Bigfeet were walking through the Chinese forest with fruit
and pebbles to bring to a six year old. The father Bigfoot says, My instincts tell
me that we're getting off the track and that we should go this way. And the little Bigfoot
said, my instincts too, but it don't tell me nothing.
cephalops upwards
Ah yes dear friends, the epiphany of the bob.
It never ends.
This music, by the way, is from my former employers, the Beijing Film Studios.
And this was, I think, actually recorded by the Chinese subgenius Li Li Jing.
You mean Ri, don't you?
Pardon me?
Ri.
Ri?
Yeah.
Well, for this reason.
Instead of Li.
For this reason.
And Ri, Ri Jing, and others to be revealed.
Bob's main drinking buddies, one might say, are primarily the more experienced Mexican brujos.
I think that's dinking buddies.
The Tibetan llamas, the Siberian shamans.
Is that a one-hump llama or a two-hump?
The Native American medicine men, African witch doctors, aged druids, witches, and dozens of living Christian saints that the Vatican refuses to recognize.
As well as the real mongrel.
The real man that Marvel Comics' Doctor Strange was based on.
Bob, yes, dares to claim that he's been drunk with Jesus.
How many of you can say that, friends?
Is Jesus your drinking buddy?
Is Bob your fropping pal?
Eh?
I can't say that.
Well, we're going to move on into this caravan of dreams, devival.
This was, uh, it wasn't really a...
a wholehearted subgenius revival, because about half the people there were unsavable, pink, artsy, smartsy, uh...
Trendy?
Yeah, whole trendy.
Oh, they had $50 haircuts, and they'd spend a lot of money to show you that they didn't care how they looked, dear friends.
And that was the best thing about them, except for the fact they were willing to shell out six bucks a pop to come to this thing.
That's right.
They gave.
And once they got there, they at least...
They managed to see the song gods and the church of the subgenius.
And we're going to bring you just a bit of that.
We're going to go into this revival.
This is an actual revival in progress.
That depends.
On your church.
In progress, last Friday night.
You could have been there, but you weren't, except for you, you, and you.
And thank you very much, Reverend Zafod.
I mean, I consider the art critic world to have completely ignored...
the vast, huge realm of quote performance art, unquote, such as, for instance, the performance art of a teenage boy trying to get laid.
Like a dog, friends, like a little dog.
If you've ever had a young dog entering his doggy-type teenage years and seen them hump thin air out of pure frustration,
then look at some young boy.
In high school, trying to...
Just trying to get what he wants.
That is performance art, my friends.
And why not?
Why just teenagers?
You've also got to go down to Greenville Avenue in Dallas or whatever it is here,
where the singles bars ain't just teenagers.
People are performing their butts off trying to get what they want.
That's what I call real performance art.
Then you've got your professional performance artists.
Your...
Your fortune tellers.
Your UFO contactees.
Your transmediums who go...
Who let the voices of the dead speak for them.
Your used car salesmen or salesmen or, in fact, any salesmen.
Because what an art...
J.R. Bob Dogg, for those of you who don't know, and I'm sure there are a few,
is the saint of sales.
Known throughout the world as the saint of sales.
The traveling salesman of mythology.
He was a real man who walked this earth.
J.R. Bob Dogg's walked this earth.
And he came here to bring you slack.
Slack is what it's all about.
How many of you can say you have enough slack?
Well, you were all born with original slack, my friends.
You were born with it.
But where'd it go?
If you don't have it, friends, slack is neither created nor destroyed.
And if you don't have it...


If you don't have slack, somebody else has it.
And that's what we mean by the conspiracy.
Now, other unsung performance artists, and there's plenty.
I could reel off some names of the black party record artists.
Now, how many of you are familiar with the works of the great Dolomite, Rudy Ray Moore, Wild Man Steve, or Blowfly?
How many? Can I see some hands?
Have you ever heard of any of these people?
This is a crooked and perverse station where you call yourselves art audiences
and have never gone out and bought into that cheesy record bin of the worst record store in town
and found that black party record, which actually...
And you might think, oh, he's being facetious.
These are the modern Shakespeareans of the English language, and most of you don't even know who they are.
Do you? Huh?
Poop me, John 310.
Can't do it.
I rest my case.
But for that matter, we go on and we see the performance artists who do the most work in this world
are the ones least called performance artists.
And by those, I mean the wrestlers and the preachers, the TV evangelists.
They're both doing the same basic thing.
The only difference is the wrestlers are a little more honest about it.
The preachers, the preachers get up there and act holier than thou.
But my friends, those wrestlers really are holier than thou.
Hazeball, huh, help me somebody.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
She ain't got no legs.
Now, now both preachers, but I must say, I must say,
both the preachers and the preachers,
and the wrestlers are one hell of a lot less pretentious
than what calls themselves performance artists, unquote.
The wrestlers and preachers are more sincere.
At least they truly believe the act that they're acting out.
They're not acting. They have commitment.
Real commitment.
Friends, like Francis, they get out there.
The wrestlers get out there and bleed for their art.
Let Christo bleed for his art.
Huh?
Hey, nay, you won't be seeing it.
They get audience participation going at a fever pitch
because they know, well, actually, the wrestlers are better at it than the preachers.
The sick thing is the preacher boys out there have taken all the fun out of religion,
which should, in fact, be more like pro wrestling.
Anybody have any argument with that, huh?
No.
All right, now, because you got, you know, you're just as effective
as the faith healing is for the preachers.
The wrestlers' faith injury is of the same, more or less, same ilk.
So, friends, there must be slack.
There must be slack.
The artists and most preachers have taken, like I said,
the fun out of religion.
Perhaps those winos hanging outside this place on the street
taking the sacrament out of those green bottles,
they know where, they are closer to the real it
than most of your, these dead preachers preaching dead sermons
to dead congregations.
All present company excluded, of course.
Now, friends, Bob, Bob Dawes,
this man, some call him a man, some call him a god.
I don't want to walk the path that Bob trod,
but this man, Bob, is going to someday cast them out
with the flying body block of his divine, radioactive,
all-scouring, all-destroying love.
Oh, yes.
It's a sick world, friends.
This is a sick world.
It's a sick world.
It's a sick world.
It's a sick world.
It's a sick world.
It's a sick world.

Oh, yes.
And praise Dr. Condom or Cotton,
depending on your religion,
for that fine organ music in the background there.
That was at the Caravan of Dreams last weekend.
So, Dr. Condom, when I'm playing the organ,
I'm going to play the organ.
Also in the news,
depressed because he couldn't find a job,
Romolo Rubolo, 42,
sat in his kitchen near Pisa, Italy,
gun in hand, threatening to kill himself.
For nearly an hour, his wife, Amelia,
pleaded with him not to.
Finally, he burst into tears and threw the gun to the floor.
It went off and killed his wife.
That's an amazing story.
Here's a good one.
I-22 gave her a win, but it was bad news bingo.
One-legged woman can't hobble to the stage in time
to claim her prize.
A farmer, aged 54,
using the stairs because the elevator was out of service,
collapsed and died after climbing five flights
for a heart checkup in Messina, Sicily.
Try this on for size.
Gutsy gagster uses his deformity as a gimmick.
That's right.
That story's about the thalidomide baby
who grew up to be a great comic in England.
He's the Bob Hopeless of humor.
We're hoping to get him on our show, friends,
so that you can see this amazing, you know...
Why don't we get him with that one-legged bingo loser
and have him race to the radio station?
And the lady who went to the doctor's office,
for Bob's concert, and lost her legs,
and they still call it an act.
They call doctors for Bob an act.
Well, that lady that lost her legs
going to that subgenius revival
deserves an Academy Award, dear friends.
Copyright 1985, Jane or Hybrid, please.
A fierce gust of wind blew Vittoria Luisi's bubble car
into the River Salai near Naples.
She climbed out.
She managed to break a window, climb out,
and swim to shore where a tree blew down and killed her.
Jeez.
The Reverend James Gaxeel, 43, a Baptist minister,
was about to baptize four new members of the church
in Silver Park River, Transvaal.
He stepped into the water praying,
and as he uttered the words, Holy Spirit,
he sank into the mud and drowned.
The girl's father, Charles,
actually went to court to have her birthday changed
from March 13, 1941 to 1951.
Mrs. Carson of Lake Cushwaga, New York,
was laid out in her coffin,
presumed dead from heart disease.
As mourners gathered round,
she sat up and gazed wonderingly.
Her daughter dropped dead from fright.
Crybaby Khan, a cowardly khan who got 20 years in prison
for abusing a dozen women,
is whining like a wimp because he's lonely,
scared, and not having any fun.
I'm scared and not having any fun, he says.
That's what he gets for going to jail.
Boy spends two years tied to a door.
Drinking Budweiser
Watching Bob-O-TV
Swallowing red-backed beer
He's a man
A name I could not die
Reading the pamphlet
Over and over again
I was drinking Budweiser
And Bob was on TV
The day that Uncle
Got kicked
By a mule
I was with Cousin Junior
For DNA back farm
I was drunk
I was lonely
I was wild
And I was drinking Budweiser
And Bob was on TV
Drinking Budweiser
Watching Bob-O-TV
Swallowing red-backed beer
A name I could not die
Reading the pamphlet
Watching Bob-O-TV
Watching Red-backed beer
I was drinking Budweiser
Movies I was reading

Music I was dram-ing
Watching the red-backed beer

I was drinking Budweiser
saw me
A drink-a- versuchen


Watching Bob-O-TV
HD
Drinking Bud-Wise pits


All together

Friends, that was Buck Naked and not the Jaybirds,
not more drunk cowboys this time,
but Buck with the Farlow Brothers,
and that's off a record.
Buck's on a record now.
Paris Records presents Made Up in Texas,
which I think you can probably pick up at places like the Record Gallery and so forth.
And Buck called me tonight and said that he's busy working on an album,
a solo Buck Naked album, if you can imagine that.
Dear friends, we're going to go back once again
to the world of puzzling evidence
as revenge on David Byrne for never giving puzzling evidence credit
for naming entire concepts after his mere moniker.
He burns me up.
Burned again.
They say.
Some of us been peeweeds.
Some of us been burned.
Puzzling evidence.
I've been to all those towns and they're all the same.
Don't call Napa people dumb.
They are dumb.
No, they're dead.
They're dead.
No, they're not dumb.
They're dead.
Yes, the whole world's been blown up.
There's nothing wrong with living in dumb town.
You should be damn proud of it.
Well, we're dumb too.
We're dumb and blind and deaf down here.
We don't mind it.
It's not, you know, it's an equalizer, we call it.
It's a damage and there's not much you can do about it.
Your hair falls out.
It's an equalizer.
You can't talk.
You don't even want to talk.
Save the doctors from this less than stimulating situation.
Yes.
All we have now is the sleepy time Jesus
and I'm curled up here in the arms of the sleepy time Jesus on the show
and he's kissing and smooching on me and it feels real good
but it's making me real tired and I don't want to talk
because I just want to...
I just want to curl up with this cute little antichrist
and make some running noises.
...and hallucination because of their feeling of...
Well, maybe it wasn't real.
...and...
Oh, that's Bob Nelson.
Do you love me?
...generation.
Oh, we're running the sound grid on your helmet.
You should have a new head in about three seconds.
Here it comes, Paul.
There.
Oh, that's much better.
Give me one of those new heads too.
Oh, it feels great.
...correction.
...and complete.
Hello, little caller.
You're stuck inside the time tube.
Sooner or later, you should be able to break out.
If we can stay with you, the Heliopter Jesus is now appearing over your head.
Stay down and avoid your own speakers.
The radio amplifier will try to kill the signal, resulting in its own demise.
Please stand back from Heliopter Jesus.
Approaching now on the left speaker.
...sangra 32.
I'll be your night...
La, la, la, la, la, la.
Good morning. What happened?
...professor at Harvard University.
...has said on the subject...
What kind of show is this?
...dense of...
Everything's okay.
...adolescents have to refight many...
Just a whole line of blanking lights.
...goodnight, little callers.
...must be the president trying to reach us.
You're helping invest in some child's future.
Ah.
I'm buying that child.
And it was a good thing, too.
Thank you for your input, caller.
What does it sound like where you are?
It sounds kind of weird.
What is weird?
Huh?
It's a weird DJ dressed up in a crown of thorns and a dirty hat.
...and a dirty hat.





Dirty sheep.
What's going on here?
...starts kissing on you.
I...
Mobius ranks...
Frankly, I don't give a damn.
...dense center.
Yes, liberty ranks.
...and I get to stand things that might not make any sense.
Now, let's get out of my brain.
Yes, yes, of course you can.
...the right brain that was actually originated for people who were tired of pointing salt.
The healing after Jesus was originated for your right brain.
That's true.
He's in a little can and we open him every 45 minutes.
Now he's just squealing.
...and I'm in the first year and I'm not...
Now he's just squealing.
...and I'm in the first year and I'm not...

Now he's just squealing.
Be scary, Colin.
Stand back.
Stand back.
Okay.
Please.
If you're coughing all over your speaker, you're saying we've got to clean it up here
at the station.
...he doesn't look well at all.
No, and he doesn't want to be there at all.
No, it's...
And it's late in the morning to try to be there.
Oh, yes.
It's hard to stay up.
Oh, yes.
It's hard to focus at quarter to three in the morning.
You're feeling sick.
You're sick to your stomach.
Oh, you better sit down, listener.
You better take off those headphones and we'll sing a nice little song for you.
Oh, listener.
Oh, yeah.
You shouldn't have listened this long.
Okay, here's a nice little song.
Oh, yeah.
Bob Doves, Bob Doves, headed down the road.
Bob Doves was a little weird throb.
Walking down the road.
Walking down the road.
Oh, wasn't that nice?
That was nice.
You're all under attack.
Oh, look at that.
You're going to try to get...
Shoot at the ground alive.
Hey, hold up the ukulele.

Got it.
Dead center.
Oh, my God.

That war.
Yeah.
The one we've been trying to start in this little room for hours.
The one you just went through.
The one that started already.
The only smart one.
It did.
Yeah.
Come on.
It's all right.
And you're wasting your time listening to us.
You could have been tuned into a civil defense warning station, saving your life.
But instead, you're spending your last few minutes on earth listening to a semi-humorous
radio program.
That's the only way to go.
And you shouldn't have taken all of your pills.
Well, down in your basement, quick.
Yes, take all the...
Oh, I can.
You got the pills now?
Why?
I'll get them.
But you should never...




Take them out of your basement.
No.
It could be the most powerful weapon?
No, no.
Turn your radio up really loud so you can keep hearing us.
And we'll talk to your neighbors while you're getting all of your stuff checked out.
We'll talk to your neighbor until the power goes out in the radio mill.
Yeah, okay.
Listen up.
Okay.
I'm going faster than I can now.
You know, I walk by to stop and shut.
And then I drown by to stop and shut.
This is the cartoons, dear friends.
The cartoons of local Dallas band.
You can't buy this tape.
This is a song called Necrophiliac.
Necrophiliac.
And I took her by the hand
Well, she was deep and kind of moldy
But she felt just right
I dug up my baby tonight
I dug up my baby tonight
I dug up my baby tonight
With a hammer and a pick
My best friend had to do
Cause he said it made him sick
Well, when I start to wonder
Well, she's only six feet under
I dug up my baby tonight
I dug up my baby tonight
I dug up my baby tonight
Well, I lost it
So she didn't think no more
When I shake her, when I poke her
When I find her, then I find her
Cause I'm a necrophiliac
Cause I'm a necrophiliac
And I'm a necrophiliac
And I'm a necrophiliac
And I sunshine the world
IGBAH
IGBAH
IGBAH
Don't ask me what the others think
I don't even care
Talk of my baby tonight
And, uh, you know, if you listen to that on headphones,
you can actually smell the noisome...
P.U.
P.U. of that one, of his true love.
Doug, is that initial P.U.?
That's right.
Ah, yes.
Well, you know, strangely enough, dear friends,
Dr. Ron Lindsey with the show Soul Oldies,
which is supposed to follow the show,
well, he ain't here yet.
So we're gonna keep our ears open for that doorbell to ring,
but it looks like the hour of slack
is gonna drag on and on and on,
so get your slack collectors fired.
You know, keep them open.
Keep the recharger open.
Friends, if you've been wondering
what this is all about,
well, just write to
In fact, you don't even have to write to Bob.
You just hold that letter on your lap
and stand next to a mailbox
and think Bob Dobbs,
and he'll get the message.
He's a heck of a guy.
He's every heck of a guy.
He's every heck of a guy, dear friends.
And so what you want to do is write to
Bob at
P.O. Box
140306
Dallas, Texas.
75214
Now get that pencil
if you didn't get it last time.
We're gonna say that number again.
You see, you can write for information,
and what you get
is probably twice as confusing as this show, but...
Can you put a donation on your lap and he'll get it?
Oh, it depends on what kind of a donation,
whether what kind of chromosomes are in the donation.
Depends whose lap.
The seed of Bob, friends,
spreads all over this mighty planet.
Ooh.
And sooner or later,
we're gonna be wading up to our knees in it.
In Bob's seed.
That's a holy thought.
Yep.
Slugging it.
Slugging through that...
Sludge.
Slip it and slide it.
Trying to make it to paradise, dear friends.
Has he ever burned a zilch?
Yeah, how many of you all have burned a zilch?
I know a lot of you get into pyroflatulation.
You know, you eat a can of ranch style
and get your lighter out.
You go at it.
How many of you...
And worship the blue flame of glory.
How many of you have burned those paper bags
just to watch the psychedelic drip, drip, zzz.
Plastic bags.
Yeah, what'd I say?
Paper bags.
Oh, God.
Well...
Beatnik party.
We're gonna move on over to puzzling evidence one more time.
This is...
When I say puzzling evidence,
actually, I should give credits.
This is the, um...
more than an hour, less than a show, show
from Berkeley, California.
Yeah.
Puzzling evidence.
Dr. Howell, the erudite voice you hear,
the evil, crazy surfer, Gary Gebrogfran...
Surf's up.
