We don't have no time for that. All we want is an hour of slack.
Do you know where it's at? All you need is an hour of slack.
Everyone needs a strained jacket. Pull it tight, let's all slack it.
Everyone needs a strained jacket. Hold on tight, let's all slack it.
I know, and among other things, Bog, I'm doing pretty well with those pills you sent.
Pretty well, but I can always use more, and it's because of Ohio and red trucks, and they're all gone.
And I'm not going to use them anymore.
Bog? But that's okay.
Here's your new Christmas.
The farmer, he got plowed. The bricklayer got plastered.
The mechanic, he got tatted.

The bank, and the construction worker got blasted.
And daddy beat up mommy and broke her collarbone for good luck.
And everybody's drunk. And everybody's wasted.
And everybody's drinking off the job.
Music.
The garbage man got trashed. The janitor got messy.
The taxi driver got smashed. And the waitress kitty got tipsy.
In Kansas City, New York City, great big city, itty bitty city.
Now everybody's drunk. And everybody's wasted.
And everybody's drinking on the job.
Music.
Well, there's a whole lot of places that I ain't been.
A whole lot of things that I ain't seen.
A whole lot of things I'll never be.
The generation that will change the world is still looking for its car keys.
Music.

Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
The terrorists got bombed.
The president got hit.
Security was tight.
Hey, the Secret Service got lit.
The FBI, the CIA, DWI, USA.
Everybody's drunk.
And everybody's wasted.
And everybody's stoned.
There's nothing, nothing gonna change it.
Cause everybody's drunk.
And everybody's wasted.
And everybody's drinking all the time.
Just about a year ago.
I set out on the road.
Seeking my fame and fortune.
And looking for a pot of gold.
Well, things got bad.
And things got worse.
I guess you know the tune.
Oh, Lord, stuck in low die again.
Oh, Lord, stuck in low die again.
I say, oh, Lord, stuck in low die again.
Sometimes I think life is just a rodeo.
The trick is to ride and make it to the bell.
Well, this one's a little bit more difficult.
I want to be the next thing sweetest you'll ever know.
In music and love.
Things you never tell.
Hey, let's go all over the world.
Rock and roll girls.
Rock and roll girls.
You got a song, Rich?
You got a song for us?
Maybe something a little bit of Nazareth
Maybe
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
I've got a nurse, got a nurse
And it's out of control
I've got a nurse, I want to first
Cause I feel it's in control
I've got a look at your alert
I want to tell you all about it
I've got a look at your alert
It makes me feel it
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
One, two, three, four
That was inspired
Look out now
We're drinking
Yes, we're drinking
Oh, baby, we're drinking
Drinking on the job
Drinking on the job
Drinking on the job
Drinking on the job
Drinking on the job

I get real scared, Bob
Cause I've seen them
I've seen them before
But there's more of them now
And cause there's lots more
They're floating in the air
And they're living in the wood
And the rocks and everything
And they're
They're living in the air

They're always kind of
Laughing and
Feeling and laughing
And all the time
Duncan Lunan of the British Interplanetary Society
Has interpreted the signals as a message from a space probe
A message from a dying planet in Eta
Yeah, the little green man's day was real headcatch
Rocking and a-rolling through the crazy flats
Brought out a sax and then started to flow
Brought out a sax and then started to flow


Brought out the drums and they started to roll
Flat saucer, rock and roll
Flat saucer, rock and roll
I couldn't understand it
A big head said it was a crazy beat
It just stopped me dead
Along with Bob, the pursuit of slack
And a conspiracy of pinks
The subgenius theology includes a vision of the apocalypse
According to church doctrine
On July 5th, 1998
When the television signal of Amos and Andy
Reaches the sky
The men from Planet X
The aliens will unleash their wrath upon the earth
And the men from Planet X are going to come down
And take over Earth
They are going to
They will put us out of our misery
Unless Bob can explain to them in ways that they can understand
That there is something on Earth worth saving
And only the subgenii
The dues paying, book buying, receipt in the pocket
Paid and full to the church subgenii
Have the tiniest, smallest chance to survive
prayer of survival.
The rest of them,
it's a tough world, right?
Yeah!
I hate it!
Nature!
I hate it!
Well, the forces of nature
come in many degrees.
Maybe a forest fire
will kill or ease.
Maybe an earthquake
or maybe typhoon.
Tornadoes, volcanoes,
rains will consume.
Nature!
I hate it!
Nature!
I hate it!
Feel the baby's dioxin
through the waves.
Wipe out a whole species
of hard-to-take-and-feel.
Guard your hole in the earth.
Feel that hole
in plast handmade.
The way we treat our planet
wonder then.
Know that it means
Is this democrats вообще
real?
Are there real monkeys
in hedge Mission K menging?
They are.
Are you saying
we just gotta
judge them?
Oh, I'm not gonna judge them.
Well, okay then.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I don't want to get off the stage.
Who told me to get off the stage?
Am I just paranoid?
Speed.
6A, take one.
Roll camera. Slate it.
Bob, sometimes it gets so hard to talk, Bob.
It gets so hard.
Scene 7, take one.
Camera.
Roll.
He shall follow the gold profits of Slark.
Yet in his hour of need, we will provide the manor.
But, Bob, I still hear these voices, you know, these voices that bang, bang, bang on the wall and bang on the inside of my head, Bob.
You know, they're always a bang.
Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang on the inside of my head, Bob.
And, you know, they make it be real weird, Bob.
And thank you, Roberto de la Rosa.
That was the voice.
That voice.
That voice there.
The guy who wants the pills.
More them kind pills, Bob.
Reverend Roberto de la Rosa was one of the earliest subgeniuses.
I mean, he actually got hold of the early copy of Book of the Subgenius that was different from the one we know of.
And he was played by Reverend David Boone of Austin, the late David Boone.
And he was played by Reverend David Boone of Austin, the late David Boone.

Who made the movie Invasion of the Aluminum People, the greatest Super 8 sound film ever made.
And we heard a little bit of sound effects from that, too.
Those were some crazy sound effects.
Yeah.
Well, and there'll be more about David Boone soon.
How about that Rainmaker song right at the beginning?
Woo-hoo!
With the uncontrollable urge in the middle.
I downloaded a bunch of their live stuff.
Of shows that I'd never heard before.
And it turns out whenever they do drinking on the job, it would turn into a medley.
They'd do like Tom Petty songs and Warren Zevon songs.
Not Warren Zevo.
Warren Zevon.
And what else did we hear?
But it was Devo.
Oh, there was a Pills kind of crazy chant with a lot of music from Doc Stock No. 2, which was sometime in the 80s.
None of us can remember.
I don't remember when.
You can kind of tell.
But the recordings actually sound pretty good.
And we heard the Swinging Love Corps is doing Nature I Hate It, which might be the theme song of our friend Mr. Sister.
But that was live in St. Louis in the 90s.
That stuff by the Rainmaker was from Record Bar.
Oh, well, the reason I stopped to do credits is because I'm going to play another Rainmaker song that's in keeping.
Because we're more than just recorders.
We're moving.
We're moving.
We've been in the process of moving everything in the Slacker Mansion.
And during this week, I boxed up literally all of the subgenius media.
More on that later.
This is me, right?
Today.
I hate it.
te trying to pause?
Maybe this is something my first time hearing, so I'm just laughing.
And for some reason, all I hear around here are just listeners that I don't richer.
About them, you're just blind.

I strapped these on for a little sol Doppler Zweezels here to meet us.
Hi, you know who's talking ?
Here's your version through 이거는 learners.
Hey there.
Don't you come because I can't go
I owe my soul to the company store
I was born one morning when the sun didn't shine
I picked up a shovel and I walked to the mine
Threw the sixteen ton lumber, not coal
And the shovel said, well, bless my soul
Sixteen ton, and what do you guess?
Another day older and the deeper it gets
Say, Peter, don't you come because I can't go
I owe my soul to the company store
I was born one morning near a drizzling rain
I picked up a shovel and I walked to the mine
Threw the sixteen ton lumber, not coal

I was born one morning near a drizzling rain
I was raised in the cave, my home, I'm alive
You know, I told no woman, make me walk alive
Sixteen ton, and what do you guess?
Another day older and the deeper it gets
Say, Peter, don't you come because I can't go
I owe my soul to the company store
Now if you see me coming, better step aside
A lot of men didn't, a lot of men died
I got one fist of iron, the other of steel
If the rock don't get your man to live
To what it takes, to what it takes

I'm a man of the way, I'm a man of the way
Sixteen ton, and what do you get?
Another day older and the deeper it gets
Say, Peter, don't you come because I can't go
I owe my soul to the company store
Amazing!




Amazing!
Amazing!

Amazing!

Amazing!

Amazing!
We had 46 listeners.
Now we have 36, but our friends in Leipzig are there, in Saxony.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And I held in my hand an hour of slack that was made by Bucky, Reverend Bucky.
Remember? A long time ago.
He put together his favorite stuff.
It was a real good one.
I've put my hands on every recording in every format in the last couple of weeks.
We've actually been working on this move for two months.
I mean, ever since.
After the devotional, we hit the ground hauling.
And you may think, well, how could...
I...
All my videos fit on a hard drive.
All my radio shows and music, it all fits on a thumb drive.
How can it be so hard to move this stuff?
Well, you didn't always keep your videos on a thumb drive.
In fact, there was a time when you couldn't even keep your videos
because they hadn't been invented yet.
I've been putting my...
Hands on cans of film.
Mostly 16 millimeter, but the oldest can in there was 35 millimeter negative
of a claymation thing I did when I was 15.
And friends, old film smells just like vinegar.
It's the developing fluid.
No, I mean, when you get film back from the lab, it has this cool, fresh film smell.
But when it's really old...
It undergoes a chemical change and becomes somewhat stanky.
Stanky like somebody I'm thinking of right now.
I'm watching for that little dot.
Actually, I'm pretty stanky right now, said Stank,
because of the hauling and moving.
My phone app tells me how far I've walked and how many floors I've done.
And because we have...
I have a three-story house, including the...
By the bed of death.
What?
The bed of death.
Yeah, I have that problem, too.
The mummy is in the background, the original mummy.
What was I saying?
Something about the...
Vinegar.
It was about the vinegar.
Yeah, the stinkiness of the...
Well, yeah, the media was huge back at...
We were...
We were moving Princess Wee's mom.
Wee maw maw.
And some young movers were there.
They were astounded by the fact that so much stuff was made out of wood.
And they said, how can anyone have this much stuff?
And I had to point out that when you had pictures then,
they were on paper.
They weren't online.
And when you had records, they were heavy.
In fact, 78 RPM records were real heavy.
And he's not heavy.
He's my cowboy.
Yes, I know.
Four flushing, four fingered, four skin, eyeball jagged nails.
Yeah, you should see my fingernails on my foreskin, Dave.
They're so filthy.
I've been cleaning them and cleaning them, but they won't get clean.
Oh, and they're ragged because they break all the time when you're moving things like we are.
Well, I've been picking up boxes that are like 30 years old.
The last time I picked them up was the first time I moved in Dallas.
They've just been growing hair on them.
Really, when boxes get old, they get hair.
They get hairy.
Oh, they get whole colonies of like beatnik-looking type, you know.
Oh, they didn't have CDs back then.
They look like educational devices, the kind of tutorial you get when you get a spanking for being a nasty mammy.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Well, it's growing under my fingernails, the funk of 10,000 years.
It's a trailing cobwebs.
That's the funk of 10,000 years.
Well, actually, that 35-millimeter negative, let's see, if I was 15 years old, yeah, that'd be from 1968.
Jesus.
Good God.
We're so old that just our photographs take up 10 boxes.
They broke in a time.
And they're heavy.
Yeah, yeah.
Because paper is heavy.
Our LP records are all at Weirdsville Records in Detroit now.
700 of them.
Somebody's going to get a really good Hendrix bootleg collection.
Oh, wow.
Only the MP3s of them sound a lot better.
They actually do.
Well, they don't have scratches.
And they're not as heavy.
What was it?
I was talking about how heavy all this stuff was and how many boxes.
And Bleepo said, just put it in an envelope.
They're much lighter.
Yeah.
You've been referring to filth too a lot.
You filthy this and filthy that.
And what was the argument, the disagreement anyway about hemorrhoids?
You said the judge was going to give you a 5 to 10 or something?
We weren't going to talk about it.
We weren't going to talk about that on the show, Dave.
Oh, we don't know any better.
You should forewarn me.
I will next time.
Hey, did I tell you that I learned?
I got the weirdest phone call.
Did I talk about this last week?
I got a phone call from the doctor saying,
well, we saw your x-rays of your back and we didn't see anything wrong,
just your ordinary arthritis and your constipation.
And I went, what?
I never heard about the constipation.
That's one of the few ailments I don't have any trouble with.
And I didn't know I had arthritis.
No one's ever told me I have arthritis in my back.
Thanks for telling me in a very odd way.
Yeah, me too.
I know exactly what you mean.
I'll read this all right.
Sometimes you get pain in the septic valve.
Oh, yeah.
It backs up.
And then you blow your O-ring at the funeral.
Your ovaries can be affected too,
especially if you're a male participant in the group swelling.
Because a lot of times when you take the conditional test after the test,
everybody flunks.
No, I didn't.
After I flunked the test, they gave me the operation.
And it's starting to wear off.
That guy said that his terp was good for 10 years.
And it's only been about...
About three.
And I'm already...
I've had to go to the bathroom several times this year.
That wasn't supposed to happen.
They're supposed to cure me of that.
Well, we've all heard similar stories.
A lot of us have just taken the other side entirely.
Just gone like hypotenuse Toad Louie or something.
Just completely get away from the basic conjecture.
You know?
If everybody's going to have it, why doesn't everybody get it?
You know what I mean?
Psychosomatically speaking, get it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hey, you know what we're going to miss, Princess Wee?
Tell me what we're going to miss.
The WCSB Halloween ball.
Oh, are you kidding?
I know that so painfully well.
Actually, it's Friday the 27th.
Technically...
Oh, no, no.
We'll be gone.
That's the day that the truck arrives at Stang Ranch.
With all of our stuff.
Yes.
All of it, I tell you.
Drycar let me know that that was completely unacceptable.
And we had to be there.
And I let him know that, well, sorry about that, dude.
But we're going to have to do it.
Well, we'll get to go to Fossil Mania in Glen Rose, which is our other favorite thing.
If you can't go to the Halloween ball.
It's the Fossil Dinosaur Capital.
It's the Fossil Dinosaur Capital.
Capital of the world.
Not of the world, but of the greater...
Of, yeah.
Yeah, but this is the first Halloween ball at the Beachland Ballroom.
It's like a real ball at the ballroom.
Yeah, that's right.
So it's...
Yeah, it's...
I'm sick that we have to miss it.
I used to make the theme projections that never looked very good because we never had a screen.
It was just projected on bricks.
But they were white bricks.
Yeah.
The Godzilla theme.
They were good bricks.
The underwater theme.
The battles in outer space theme.
I remember in the old days, rock and roll, a real long time ago, 20, 30 years ago,
if you did a good job picking up on some chart or something, they'd just stick right in front of you
or maybe just hum a little whistle tune in your ear and you'd pick it right up and say,
you're a brick, man.
You're a brick.
Meaning like you could be depended on or something.
You know what I mean?
I know what you mean.
It made too much sense, so you didn't think it was lonesome enough.
That's what you thought.
You thought, you know, that's actually true.
That's what people used to say and that's what they used to mean.
You'd expect me to be full of all kinds of esoteric Spanish and Wittgenstein stomp and whatnot.
You're a brick.
I'm a brick, man.
A brick, man.
Thank you.
Brick.
I can hear you.
I can hear you.
I can hear you.
I can hear you.
I can hear you.
I have halitosis and I don't want to talk anymore.
Oh, I see.
That's okay.
I was thy consecrated vessel.
I broke my vows.
Save me now.
Teach me the ancient summons, the holy spells I've forgotten.
I call upon thee as of old.
Yeah, me too.
Yeah.
Me too.
I call upon you too.
Last week we said that we were going to announce world shattering events.
Didn't we?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I actually was planning to announce two, but one of the world shattering events, I
think I accidentally insulted it and it dropped out, which is a horrible, horrible shame and
a real mis...
It is.
It was a result of either I'm missing something or somebody else is missing something, because
I think it was...
Somebody certainly...
It does not add up.
It does not add up.
The facts are not all there.
The names have not been changed, but the...
Well, anyway, I can only talk about...
You're like a bad daddy-o, like nobody knows what you're talking about.
I know.
And the thing is, it shot down...
I did a bunch of work on one of those events and nobody's ever going to see it.
And that's frankly...
Well, okay.
The other event that we had to wait for...
Yeah.
...is the fact that these people are indeed, as we mentioned, making a documentary movie
about the Church of the Subgenius.
Women of Austin.
I used the term a serious documentary and several subgeniuses got upset and said, no,
it should be crazy and weird and insane and hard to figure out.
And I said, yeah, that would be Arise, the subgenius movie that we did 15 years ago.

Or however long.
Right.
That's been in the can for a long time.
Yeah, that's been in the can for a long time.
And...
Gansky-mansky.
But this new movie, friends, we can now announce, and you can see a trailer for it if you go
to subgenius.com, right at the top of the page, there's a link to this project, which
is now called Slacking Towards Bethlehem.
The story of J.R.
Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius.
And as I said, I've been working on it on and off or talking to them about it or being
interviewed or going to see when my friends are being interviewed with them for like almost
a year.
And now they have a Kickstarter thing.
They're trying to raise money for it.
And I can't tell you anything about that that you can't see for yourself.
But it's a really interesting...
It's a really interesting campaign because they're kind of using bits and pieces of it.
And they did a...
It's like there's going to be weekly or even daily reports from people like me while we're
moving, while we're on the road.
I'm going to send them little video reports.
And there'll be new Kickstarter messages about how great it's going to be from people like
Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
And Matt Groening.
Yeah.

And the other guy who's going to be doing it.
And I'm going to send them a video of the Simpsons and Futurama.
And Jerry Casale of Devo.
And Dr. Hal.
And Paul Mavridis, whom my phone calls Paul Mavrides.
And Puzzling Evidence and Philo and Susie the Floozy and everybody.
Because they came to X Day and filmed.
And like I say, you can see bits and pieces of the movie in progress.
Yeah.
And you can see the highlights of it.
If you go to subgenius.com, their actual URL is bit.ly, that's B-I-T dot L-Y slash
slack on and the S and O are capitalized.
But you know what I can play, uh, Dave, since you can't see it, I can play the soundtrack
of it, of the little trailer.
It's only about two minutes long.
Paul!
that? Sure, would you
like to hear that? Yeah. No, I want
everybody else to hear it.
I'm concursive. I agree with
anybody and everybody most of the time.
I don't really know what you're talking
about. I haven't understood a single
word over the last
15 minutes, but I heard you did say
my name there at the end, so I'm awake.
Please don't get mad at me for misunderstanding
me.
Anyway,
I just made my toes curl.
Here, you'll hear in this, you'll hear the
voices of
well, me and Philo
and Puzzling Evidence
and Paul Mavridis and a bunch
of gals that
you don't know.
But I do, and we're going to
go ahead and play that, so
let's all be kind of quiet.
Quiet, quiet, quiet.
Have you ever wondered about your
neighbors? Maybe wondered about the
weird thumps and bumps or chants
emanating from their apartment?
Well, they may be followers of Bob,
that's the fastest growing cult here in the
Southwest. I grew up as
a little white boy
in America in the 1950s
in a middle class home.
I was in the perfect position of being
desperate enough to do
low budget promotion
for a weird cult.
If you have never heard of the Church of the
Subgenius, do not look to us
for enlightenment. It all began
with the book of the subgenius
and the church's deity, Bob Dobbs.
It was part pop culture,
part science, part religion.
We tied together every
occult,
superstitious,
fringe belief you could think of.
It was so much fun!
Wouldn't you like revenge
on these mediocritans,
these pink boys, these
box-dwelling Barbies and
Kens, these normals
who have made normality the norm?
You either got the joke
or you didn't, and you got the joke
instantly.
My name is JR Bob Dobbs
and I'm working exclusively with a team
of filmmakers on a documentary about
the Church of the Subgenius.
It's time for my story to be told!
This film team wants to expose it
and all the subgenius are ready to talk.
I just loved the brotherhood
of guys talking about
this made up religion.
That was a great release.
You know, to have all this nutty stuff
in your head, and then find like-minded
people to, you know, talk about this.
you know, express it with.
We were aware that we were sort of influencing other people.
What they got was, you know, people were joining the church.
We were getting better known outside of Dallas.
Mark Mothersbaugh came by.
David Byrne, he had become a subgenius minister.
It's called the church of the subgenius.
The church was always meant to never be mass marketable.
Is the world going to end?
That's what I'm asking you.
The audience kind of took over.
I feel like I'm part of something now.
Yeah, I feel like I'm finally being represented by something.
That moment of realizing this thing goes farther than I ever imagined.
All of a sudden, it got very real.
Bob Dobbs, the icon of the church of subgenius.
You have seen this guy's face, stickered or stenciled somewhere, haven't you?
This subgenius filmmaking team can only make this documentary
if you share this exceptional project on your social media outlets
— flying saucer radars and obviously smoke signals.
This is not a drill.
We need you.
Get slapped.
Uh, yes.
So, I think that was a fake Bob.
They disguised his voice.
And when you see him, it's just a guy with a box on his head and a picture of Bob taped
to the box.
So, I think they didn't really have him signed.
I don't think Bob signed a release.
But for the purposes of the Kickstarter campaign, it was cute.
So, yeah.
Earlier, I was mentioning and playing some tapes.
These tapes by David Boone, Reverend David Boone, who also was known as Roberto de la Rosa.
He was one of the very first people to join the church.
Before you could even—I mean, before Philo and I had even thought about the membership
thing, or a lot of it.
And his widow is the director of this movie, Sandy Boone.
She was at the—
The very first Subgenius D Bible that ever happened.
That was at Philo's house in Dallas.
And was involved in the very early days.
And then she got a life.
And then she lost one.
Reverend Boone had to join the saucers.
He had to board the saucers way early.
Yes, he boarded the saucers.
And way early.
Way unexpectedly.
And she kind of wanted to honor his memory and get back into it, among other things.
It's also a great story.
The true story of the Church of the Subgenius is in some ways a lot more interesting than
the untrue story that most people think of.
You know, that Philo and I just made this stuff up.
The true story with Bob and Connie and all that is really pretty amazing.
Yeah.
It is definitely a tale worth telling.
You've got that—
And wagging.
You're doing it both physically.
It's a tale you can wag, man.
And there's a lot of wags in it.
One way that I learned that I was having some back problems was because they—I was sleeping
in a lot of different beds during last summer because they kept flying me to places to be
part of the filming.
They filmed stern and—.




Oh, come on, man.
Oh, you're oversleeping.
I'm not.
Yeah, I was—I'm really a bit of a snob when I— sudden attention gets the better of
bike and sleep, and they say, like, see, what's this, za da-da, in your dreams.
Sounded like soon to be planned, but it actually seems pretty creepy.
It does.

Maybe, «E
» Right?
at Stang Ranch Fossil House
in Glen Rose, Texas,
and put you on by phone,
just like we do here.
But the difference is you can't hear
Doctors for Bob playing in the background.
Well, sometimes you can.
Were you talking to me?
Yeah, you can't hear the background music
when we do the Texas shows.
Jay's Dave can't hear.
I can intuit it, though.
That's what it goes like.
See, now I can hear the backtrack,
but it's kind of flabby and moist,
kind of like a piece of pound cake over there
that got shoved in your eye.
But if you look a little bit more closely,
you can make a lot of decisions
through the psychic hotline,
through the networks that connect us all
by matters of beams of light
and different stuff like that.
Okay, okay.
Yeah, I was just listening to Doctors for Bob there.
The background music is the bigger teeth.
Yeah.
That was the kind of thing,
you know, you forget that you have
the Doctors for Bob hit songs without the vocals.
That's what I've got in the background here.
And you forget, you know, this radio station
and any other broadcast from the Church of the Subgeast,
you can pick your own soundtrack music
based on your own prefrontal,
all the bottom weeks and so forth.
You know, like you go and you tune in,
you usually got to hear what this radio station
or the other caveat emptory is playing for you.
But in this unit,
you can just press your navel like a little small monkey
and next thing you know, you've got, you know,
Morricone style.
You know, whatever kind of background music style you want.
Yeah.
Why did they let the monkey go
but blame the monkey ranch?
Yeah, that's what I've always,
man, that's been driving me nuts
for about 12, 15, 20 years now.
Like, whoa, whoa, what does it mean?
What, what?
And I never did it.
It's a truthful answer from the demons, you know.
I can tell you what it means.
It's part of, it's part of a song
called Rockin' at the Team Dance by Bob Walkenhorst.
That song, boy, Chaz would have loved it.
The song is actually about the Apollo mission
that exploded on the,
where the astronauts died on the launch pad.
Yeah.
Due to bad manufacturing of a part
and bad use of oxygen.
And sparks.
But yeah, they let the monkey go
but blamed the monkey ranch.
And did you know that they,
politically, they let that go out of control?
Just like when the Challenger went down
after they heard that Ronald Raygun,
that Ronald Raygun has said,
well, I'd really like to see that thing
make it off the launch pad.
It's been a long time.
You know, whatever he said in his sleep and stuff,
but it supposedly was Raygun who said,
oh man, problems with the Challenger be damned.
It's got to go tomorrow
so it looks good on my PR and stuff.
And so they took off and they all died.
I didn't know that about the Challenger.
Well, they said similar things about Gus Grissom
and the purple astronaut, Turford.
Yeah.
You know.
Chaffee, White, and Grissom
on a rocket ride to heaven.
You know, the old punk rock song,
was right to hell.
They're scarier, man.
While we've been packing,
I've been listening to my short derper, Sav,
the Rainmakers, a lot,
because I found a whole bunch of new live concerts.
So I've heard all these songs like three times a day.
Me too.
And I know the lyrics perfectly.
It doesn't do the subgeniuses any good.
They're pretty good.






Probably getting really tired of hearing that band.
I've been playing two to three songs by them every show.
But I can't help it.
That's what happens.
Subgeniuses have short-duration personal saviors.
Sometimes they last a year.
Sometimes they go away and come back again.
And that's the same.
That's the Rainmakers.
Rainmaker syndrome?
No, he loved him a long time ago
and he loves him again.
They disbanded.
They disbanded in the late 90s
and then got back together again
after about a 10-year break.
It's funny.
I was watching an interview with this guy
and discovered that he and I
have an uncannily large number of things in common.
He's only about one month older than me.
So that means we were watching the same TV shows
and the same kids programming in the morning.
You see, he said he's only one month older.
You're only one month older than he is?
No, other way around.
He's older than me by a month.
Yeah, he's older than you by one month.
Now, you know what that means, man?
No, what does that mean, man?
That means he's one month older than you are.
He knows he's a savant.
May I say, how can I put it?
He's very learned.
They have been around the block experience.
He's very high on that level of where, you know,
company...
Well, yeah, he's got a month more experience than I do.
Yeah.
And he's much, much, much better.
He's a whole month wiser than you.
Well, he's a better singer, that's for sure.
I'm sure he's a month wiser than you.
He's a really good songwriter,
although he did use a phrase that I thought I came up with
to describe Princess We.
Oh, I see.
Great minds work...
And he used it in a song.
In circles or something like that.
No, it was flirting with the universe.
Yeah, but people come up with the same expressions.
I actually had a song with that title, but it also pops up in a lyric.
But I don't know, it's a good one.
So, you know, when it's time for steam engines, it's steam engine time or something.
Yes.

Well, that's what...
You would say if you were a billionaire populist.
But if you were one of the drivers or the engineers of that steam engine, you'd say...
I'd say it's butt-wiser time.
You'd say it's butt-opener time because you're an assassin person.
Never mind.
Sometimes you make me cry.
No, Dave, don't cry.
Please don't cry.
Okay.
I'll try to stop now.
Let's do this.
I'm...
I've been terribly emotional lately besides our dog boarding the saucers early.
It's...
In a way, we're kind of saying goodbye to this house that we've been in for 16 years.
And it's like, you know, when you've had a car for 16 years, it's like your kid.
You don't want to part with it.
And we're not...
The house isn't sold and we'll be back in six months.
But...
That'll be for the last time.
That'll be to paint it and sell it.
And it's hard removing our personality from the inside of the slacker mansion.
The personality is...
It's been wiped clean and all that's left is the dust.
And it's really pretty depressing right now.
It's like a Hindu sage story and stuff.
When you're very young, you're rapidly absorbing things one right after another as quickly as you can.
But when you reach a kind of like middle age,
especially...
Especially if you're young middle age, you become attached to one or two things
and really focus on them really hard.
And the next thing you know, you know, it's like,
do I really have to go and have a bunch of fun right now?
I was having so much fun by not having a bunch of fun right now.
I was having so much fun just sitting here by myself.
Yeah.
Well, I packed up the painting you gave us of the devil man that you saw.
That time, the leprechaun man.
That painting is going to Texas.
I packed up about 10 pieces by it.
Huh?
Did I really have a leprechaun painting?
Well, it was a red-faced little devil man.
He's a scary guy.
But you said you saw him...
It's like a demon.
Yeah.
You know, that's weird.
It's going to Tejas?
Yeah.
Jays.
You know, I live in half in a dream world because I thought I saw it.
I saw it the other day.
And that's not possible because it's going to Texas in Cleveland Heights.
That's right.
You gave it to us.
It's in a box with a lot of other paintings.
I walked by it.
Well, as my health app said, my record number was 75 floors.
Goodness.
Well, that means I've walked about...
What's half of 75?
That's how many times I saw that painting that day.
Because you see it when you're walking upstairs into my office.
Yes.
You are either making your complete and total...
Health assured or you're shortening things.
Why not both?
By going up and down those steps seven times.
Actually, Dave, there is...
Just this morning, I put time-lapse movie of us packing and moving over the last couple of weeks.
It's about six minutes long.
At the end of it, it's got an eye-popping scene with a clay head getting its eyes popped out.
Really good.
And the eyes, too.
And that's on the YouTube channel called Revstang.
There's a lot of interesting short videos on Revstang.
A wealth, one might say.
But yeah, all the artwork is down off the walls.
I packed up two paintings by Dr. Lake Gann.
A lot of paintings by A.P. O'Stacey Fnord or Tori.
Good, good.
We have a ton of her art.
That's her sinus infection named Snorf.
Her one sculpture is still on the wall, I think.
It's just too complicated to try to pack.
I know how we can do it, but we have to find the perfect box.
Anyway, yeah, Dave, it's been...
You know, it's like you see these boxes that the last time you touched them was the first time you moved 45 years earlier.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
Yep, yep.
And...
And sometimes I had to empty them out and put them into new boxes.
And it'd be the first time I looked at this stuff in 40 years.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
So all these memories come flying back like a hot kiss at the end of a wet fist.
Yeah.
And sometimes you forget.
You're like, I was gonna go to art school in Baltimore in 1990.
There's been a lot of that.
Why did this happen?
I mean, I flew to Phoenix.
Why did I fly to Phoenix?
Yeah, I've found a lot of things like that that are mysteries.
Yeah, that's...
That's...
Mysteries come back on you like you have the flood of memories.
And then you're like, you don't even know what the hell you're remembering.
Um, I don't remember.
I mean, remembering, remembering, not twice.
Or, I don't know, or without love.
Don't forget.
Means don't forget.
You know, stuff like that.
But that's the way the baboons play.
Their minds are like sharp teeth.
My mind is.
Their minds are.
That is a dangerous mind.
And their teeth are like sharp minds.
Minds.
I was once a sharp mime, but now I'm a hypocritical pantomimer.
I actually worked as a mime for about a week and a half.
Oh, man, you did not.
Yes, I did.
Oh, he did.
In a white face, and I wasn't allowed to wear my glasses, and I wasn't supposed to speak.
And that was during...
I was delivering balloons to sick or sick people in hospitals, mostly, which was kind of a grim job.
And I discovered in the course of doing that that my fellow Caucasians try not to...
They try to pretend there's not a clown in the room.
Everybody else, it seemed...
Well, look at you and kind of chuckle or laugh or, in the case of some children, scream,
especially if they're trapped in an elevator with you.
But white folks won't look at you.
If you're a mime, because they're afraid you're going to want money or, you know, you're just...
They can't laugh at a clown because they're afraid to get involved or something.
And that one looks so cool.
I'm probably saying...
I'm afraid of this, but it was a very distinctive thing that I noticed.
It was because I was so white.
You know, I talk about white people.
I was in white grease paint.
The worst day was my last day when my un-air-conditioned car broke down on a hot Texas day...
Oh, good God.
...in downtown Dallas in front of the Salvation Army.
And I had to go into this building full of poor people holding my balloons in a tuxedo...
with white face on and use the phone.
And all these homeless people were going,
Could I have a balloon?
Just one balloon.
But I had to deliver the balloon to somebody up in the hospital up the hill...
You were working.
...who was dying anyway.
Oh, wow.
It was just...
It wasn't...
Oh, God, that was a horrible...
I wrote or rather recorded my very best stuff while I was doing that very worst of all jobs.
And I'm still getting paid.
For the hate grants that I did back when I was sincerely hateful and depressed.
I can't do that anymore.
I can't do hate grants anymore.
But I'm not full of hate.
I'm full of slack.
Duress produced this wonder.
And sometimes more than just slack.
Sometimes I'm full of beer.
But you got to be careful and not overdo that.
Are you full of beer sometimes?
Not on show days.
Only at night.
Only at night.
You're doing a mission.
I'm doing a mission.
You're doing a mission.


I always wait.
But I'm sure there are plenty of them down in Texas.
I mean, you're going to miss Oktoberfest in the Cleveland area.
But there's plenty of them in Tejas.
Plenty of what?
Out!
Oktoberfest.
Oh, I don't...
That's not my style of beer.
I don't like...
It's just not a pre-show thing.
It's an après-show thing.
You know, usually when it's the end of a show, which it is nowadays, we have to go.
I usually have a song, but I don't.
I don't.
But I could just play this doctor's for Bob.
Oh, okay.
Yay!
We are going to save the universe sometimes.
Dave, we will call you in a couple of weeks from Texas.
I hope.
I hope, too, because if not, that would mean you're burning in Hades, you know?
Right.
Exactly.
But listeners will hear it about two or three weeks after we actually do it.
And by that time...
Oh, yes.
I was going to discuss Santa Rosa and what a horrible barbecue is going on there, but...
Yeah.
After all, just water into the fromage.
It's a tragic situation, so I guess it's not worth mentioning.
Cut this part out.
Okay, man.
We're going to cut out.
But it's a live show!
Okay.
We can't cut you out.
Oh, stay tuned for next show.
Cool.
Which, in this case...
It would be radio synesthesia, except Dr. Sinister's car is still dead or non-existent,
so it'll be crap radio.
Praise crap.
It'll be a crap radio version of synesthesia.
Right.
Praise crap.
Praise crap.
And good night, Dave.
I'm fading you down now.
See you next time, Dave.
I'm fading me down, too.
I'm fading everything.
Me, too.
I'm fading you down, too.
I'm fading you down, too.
I'm fading you down, too.
I'm fading you down, too.
I'm fading you down, too.
I'm fading you down, too.
I am fading you down, too.
I'm fading you down, too.
I am fading you down, too.
I am fading you down, too.
I am fading you down, too.
I am fading you down, too.
Bye-bye.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
