The hills are alive with the sound of the subgenius, our old squad.
We're space cadets and we are proud to say, Bob, the indisputable leader of the gang.
He's the boss, he's a VIP, he's a championship, he's the most tip-top, Bob, gap.
Bob is here for one reason and one reason only, that's to bring slack to the slackers.
And during this mandatory slide show, you'll see what will happen as Bob appears over the city
and laughs so hard that the hot pipe ass falls down into the city, burning Bob's face.
He's riding his great pipe-shaped spaceship down into Washington, D.C.
You'll notice the little old lady down there getting healed.
The little old man.
It's really charming.
It's a grassroots movement.
This isn't part of some new wave of punk fashion status slavery.
We're not trying to make you be cool according to what your favorite musician dresses as.
What Bob wants you to do is make yourself a saint, make yourself a pope.
Get down.
To the word of Bob.
Memorize it.
Distort it.
Start your own church.
Start your own schism.
And you'll find out just how much money there is to be made in the world of the future.
The future started in 1971.
It only begins at breeding minds and then it becomes so much more.
That's Bob.
He runs the company.
Bob needs to see us.
He attacked Angela Petrelli.
My father killed Kaido Nakamura.
He's killing.
I'm killing them all.
And now he's coming to kill Bob.
How do you know your father's coming to kill Bob?
Isn't this all a bit reactionary?
It's always these half truths.
No straight answers.
Constant manipulation.
I'm trying to help everyone here.
How, Bob?
You don't trust Bob, do you?
Bob is morally gray at best.
Call me Bob.
We need to call Bob.
We need to call Bob.
We need to call Bob.
We need to call Bob.
If you're in a place where you can do so, turn in your Bible.
Turn in your Bible.
This, this, this scoff luck.
This corrupt scoff and mock.
Mock and scoff.
Make fun.
Make fun.
Look upon God's people as being less intelligent or less informed.
Scoffers and mockers.
Mock and scoff.
Propagate the theory of evolution.
As be not ignorant.
Slack.
Slackness.
Scoffed and mocked.
Scoffing and mocking.
You know one can be an alcoholic.
Uh, be not ignorant.
Slack.
Slack.
And we have no need of anything different.
It has transformed the lives of the people.

The lives of countless thousands, millions of people.
Slack.
Uh, we sometimes, uh, get awful.
It's coming.
He gets down.
He gets down.
We ought to all get down.
But who is Bob?
Who, tru, truly, who is this man Bob?
Many don't believe that there really is a Bob.
They think he was just some construct.
Like the Flying Spaghetti Monster.
Praise the Flying Spaghetti Monster.
They, they think, they think, they think Bob's a joke.
Friends, if you don't believe me, I'm not a joke.









If Bob is a joke, what do you call the news?
What do you call yourself?
And, uh, fuck you if you can't take one, I guess would be his message.
But, you know, he's been talked about through years of legends.
You've heard the legends of the traveling salesman.
Sometimes they take the form of jokes.
Those are all based on the life of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
How can Bob sell the way he does?
How can, how can Bob sell shit?

To pigs?
Hypocrisy to Baptists?
You know, how does he do this?
Friends, it's not that Bob is the smartest man in the world.
Far, far from it indeed.
We didn't call it Church of the Genius.
Because the whole point of this is that it's not the intelligence that counts.
The conspiracy has been misdefining intelligence for all these years.
What counts is sense.
Common sense.
Service.
Sense of humor.
Dollars and cents.
And for some people, cents and mea.
But, that's the thing.
Bob, Bob is not smart.
What Bob is, is lucky.
That's where the pureness of the slack comes from.
Bob doesn't think about what he's gonna do.
He just does it.
Whatever, it just so happens that whatever Bob happens to want happens to be what was gonna happen anyway.
Sort of like, uh,
that movie, Being There, if you remember that.
I think that must have been based on Bob.
And with that power of luck,
he has, he has a power that the Pope of the Vatican would kill for.
He has the power to fail!
He's the opposite of infallible.
But, every time he fucks up, he makes a million dollars!
Friends, you too can partake of the luck of Bob if you do what Bob does, and that is
to follow the path of least resistance in your life.
To surf on the luck plane, and grease the wheels of your life.
You know, if you have a conspiracy job, most of us do.
As Bob said, smarm is the oil that greases the conspiracy machine.
So, it's okay for you to use smarm with your fellow workers or your boss.
As Bob said,
act like a dumb shit, and they will treat you as an evil!
Sad but true!
So, Susie, I was having, um,
oh yeah, this is, uh, this is Reverend, Reverend Carter again.
I was having a very interesting conversation with a gentleman yesterday.
I'm sending it your way,
because it made me think of you,
and how it's been far too long since, uh,
since we were proximate, shall I say.
Um, yeah.
Thanks.
Good mangoes, uh, my son,
get hurt,
and get your ass Screen Sean A.




Rocket sauce
Rocket sauce
Rocket sauce
Give me some lube
Give me some food
I'm coming through
To fertilize you
Rocket sauce
Rocket sauce
Rocket sauce
Rocket sauce
Rocket sauce
Rocket sauce

Rocket sauce
Rocket sauce
Rocket sauce
Rocket sauce
Rocket sauce
Give me some lube
Give me some food
I'm coming through
To fertilize you
Rocket sauce
Rocket sauce
Rocket sauce
Rocket sauce
Rocket Sauce by Fat Free
Who played at the Baltimore Defibril in November of 2007
To One In One
Joe Ia
Because these devibles do things to people.
They make them bad.
I'm a naughty boy.
A bad boy slapped my nasty ass.
I'm a bad bad boy.
Nasty ass.
A naughty boy.
A nasty nasty bad bad naughty boy.
Bad bad bad bad naughty boy.
Naughty boy.
The American people already know that I'm a naughty boy.
A bad boy.
I'm going bad bad bad.
Slapped my nasty ass.
Hey, uh, Susie. This is Carter LeBlanc again.
I just had a, well, I got a strange message.
I think it was from Princess Pisces.
But I couldn't be sure because there was a lot of howling and screaming.
And animal noises and the sound of, I don't know, things being broken.
And...
Um...
Some other extraneous thuds and crashes.
And a lot of garbled yelling.
And I really didn't make out any of it except I think your name was mentioned.
And it, um...
It just made me think of you.
And, um, I was just wondering if, uh...
If you were going to make it up to the Baltimore subgenius.
I mean, I think it's a pretty good idea.

And, uh, I think it's a good idea to have a revival on, uh, November 10th.
That's, uh, gonna be held in, uh, in Baltimore.
I, I, I...
That's all.
I was just thinking of you.
And, uh, and hoping that none of the, um, the howling or the screaming was, uh, was
you doing something that, uh, that you're going to regret tomorrow.
Um...
That's all.
Thanks.
And speaking of jokes and fucking and, uh, such things, that always brings to mind the,
the most beautiful and wondrous subgenius preacheress.
Yes, there was a time when it was a sausage fest.
But we lied.
And we described it as a sex cult.
Well, as you might, as they say, build it and they will come.
If we started saying it was a, a sex cult by God, praise Bob, it turned into one.
And sometimes, sometimes it even involves sex with other people.
Uh, so, um, I'm gonna get out of the...
Oh, yes, yes, yes, friends.
Speaking of...
One last thing.
One last thing.
Bob is coming.
And when I say that, I don't mean, I don't mean that Bob is on his way here.
When they say Jesus is coming, that means Jesus is on his way.
When we say Bob is coming, when you come, you see Bob.
If you come tonight, you will see Bob.
And now you may come from seeing Sister Susie the floozy.
I was watching my lizard rubbing his butt on my frog tray the other day, and I just
naturally started thinking about staying.
And how, and how I just love to hogtie that little mutant Texan up like some sort of bondage
pinata.
And naturally that led me to contemplating the nature of ligature marks.
Now I've got a little Latin lingo in my background.
And I know that the lig in ligature means tie.
It comes from the Latin ligo to tie.
And then it came to me like the atomic bitch slap at the end of the stark fist.
And I thought, Jesus, religion means to be tied again.
Now how much more fucking blatant could they make it?
You have a place in their world as God's bottom.
Who wants only that for a choice?
Oh, now, I don't want to be calling subgenius a religion now, although I have in the past.
Oh, but realizing this fact, I'm going to be calling it religion.

I'm going to be calling it the actoid with an accent on the toy.
I really would rather start referring to it as a faith instead.
Because that's the fucking sure what we've got here.
A big ass faith with a big fucking pipe in the fucking mouth.
And that pipe is our affirmation.
Say it with me, seekers.
Bob sold it.
I smoked it.
That sells it.
Because you know what they say.
They say God is in the details.
Well, I'm here to tell you that Bob is in the retail.
And as a subgenius, you can get it, wholesale seekers.
Yeah.
Because one thing is for sure, you need slack.
And the good thing is that membership in the Church of the Subgenius is still under a bazillion goddamn dollars.
Yes, you can still buy your way out of pink perdition.
You can actually bribe your way to salvation.
And you don't have to knock over a bank to do it.
No.
You don't have to rob a 7-Eleven.
You don't have to shoot an old lady in the legs.
Unless you want to.
That's the beauty of this goddamn church.
It's like what Stang said about eating the goddamn hamburger.
You want to eat the hell out of it.
Well, that's fucking right.
But it's not just about the burger.
Because if you look beneath the surface and take this aphorism to its logical subgenial conclusion seekers,
if we live as subgeniuses, should we not be living the hell out of it?
Shouldn't every action be an action that is going to gain us that slack that we need?
Why the fuck do we work at our own crossroads?
Why do we not do our own purposes and tear ourselves apart just for the fun of the con?
Because, seekers, I gotta admit, I let the conspiracy keep me down.
Oh, it was in so many comforting forms.
And even in the depths of my misery, I thought I was happy.
But it was all false slack.
It's so deceptively comforting.
And for years, I've kind of stopped being Reverend Susie the Floozy almost.
I found myself turning back into plain old Susan Barrows.
And let me tell you, seekers, she sucks.
Oh, yeah, you might think it's easy being a visual speed bump, a tri-top walking a mile in my ooze.
But she's not.
Because I was sucking on tip so hard I was starting to get the lines around my lips.
Oh, but when I finally got shaken out of that hell loop and found the pieces of my shattered self,
this time I didn't cry over the burning spilt milk of my existence.
This time I set about putting myself back together.
I became my own Frankenstein.
I took those pieces of me.
And I pounded them back into place.
And seekers, if a fucking Rick like I can do it, so can you.
Because let me tell you, every Yeti can out there.
Every seed of Dobbs is worth saving.
Fuck yeah.
Even if it's only to piss them off.
You need to stick around.
And I want you to do something for me, each and every one of you.
I want you to believe in the natural superiority of your subgenius soul.
I want you to screw your overman's courage to the sticking place
and look the conspiracy in its jaundiced bloodshot eyes and say,
fight my prey, motherfuckers.
How dare you manipulate me with your shitty fifth-rate mind control.
Because seekers, their methods are so tired and transparent
that it is beneath you as a child of Dobbs to be even marginally affected by their works,
by their bullshit.
Because by the ancient science of great thinking,
the mighty mental armor of Bob can shield you.
And I want you to use it.
Yes, blind yourself to the works of the con with the all unseen stupidity of Dobbs.
Deafen your ears with the insipitude of the full-blood Yeti.
Cripple your legs with that Dobbs town polio frop that's going around.
Using the church's proven survival techniques to incapacitate you.

You can actually seem so unfit for exploitation by the con
that they will not even see you on their radar.
You can get away scot-free.
And you can have a safe and slack-filled passage through this abysmal pink life.
And that's all I'm saying. I can't say no more except,
Praise Bob!
Yeah!
Somebody help me!
She is absolutely and utterly amazing.
You're in deep trouble.
Pray for good, you line the boat.
Who knows what comes from other holes.
Stone will make your puss like this yours bubble.
One, two, three, four.
Claptrap!
Claptrap!
Claptrap!
Claptrap!
C-L-A-P-T-R-A-P
Claptrap!
Claptrap!
Claptrap!
Claptrap!
C-L-A-P-T-R-A-P-T-a-P J-O-L-A-P-O-R-A!
A girl draws on a bikini she leaves behind gray freami
ம
Lots of purpose, it's about to
Crappy
She loves two shells, six and more
She gives her dildos to the bar
Some would say she is
Clap Trap Happy
One, two, three, four
Clap Trap
Clap Trap
Clap Trap
Clap Trap
C-L-A-P-T-R-A-P
Clap Trap
Clap Trap
Clap Trap
Clap Trap
Clap Trap


Got it from the bird canal
His balls are big, he's sterile now
He loves to give it to his sister and brother
Circles, circles, square, square
Rectal bleeding everywhere
Your shrink says he blames it on his mother
One, two, three, four
Clap Trap
Clap Trap
Clap Trap
Clap Trap
Clap Trap
Lap trap
Clap Trap
Clap trap
Clap trap
Clap trap
Clap Trap
Clap Trap
Clap trap

D independent
nap
Not coming

The
Ed 1920
Michel
Big
Arch
ü
Second
Careful cause they're stuck in here
It's not safe for over there
Everybody clap when you see
Wheezy
One, two, three, four
Clap Trap
Clap Trap
Clap Trap
Clap Trap
Fat Free with their song Clap Trap
and you can get more of that from myspace.com
slash fatfreemusic
And before that, Suzy the Floozy
What an amazing rant
You know, she's the hostess of Bob's Slack Time Funhouse
on WREK in Atlanta
Archived at WREK.org
Or you can follow the radio links at subgenius.com
I wish I could tell you how to get Suzy's rants removed from your head
But
I just don't know
So, um, yeah, friends
The conspiracy is bigger than the republicrats
or the demopublicans or whatever they are
It's an attitude
It's an all-pervasive attitude of distrust
It's not that it's a smart conspiracy
A clever conspiracy
It doesn't even know it's a conspiracy
The pinks, as we call them
The humans
The Barbies and Kens
The cage dwellers
The pinks and the humans
The normworms
The time servers
The conformers
The calm men
The confederate dunces, folks
A bunch of bovine, mindless living stereotypes
And yet, they could destroy the world
That's for Bob to do
That's for us subgeniuses to do
And it's not that we have to go out killing anybody ourselves
We just have to wait for the aliens to do it
Now, granted, he predicted the next day
would come
And the aliens would destroy all the humans
And lift the subgeniuses up into the escape vessels of the sex goddesses
And go to planet X
He predicted that for July 5th, 1998
And by these stripes, we know that 1998 has not arrived yet!
That is how insidious the conspiracy has been
For a thousand years, they've been changing the calendars
Hour by hour, day by day
Just to try to make Bob look stupid as if...
Bob's a fucking idiot!

He wasn't already looking stupid!
As if there was something wrong with looking stupid!
Who gives a fuck what they think?
So, for all we know, July 5th, 1998
Why, that could be...
Tonight!
Are you ready?
You don't know, Bob may come as a thief in the night
In fact, where's my wallet?
He does that kind of thing
Bob's a thief in the night!
We just come this morning
Take you for granted
But is it really all that deep?
Deep, deep, deep, deep
Go show yourselves to the priests
Go...
Now before we go any further
I want to just kind of have leprosy
I can't speak
Uncleanliness
Hug
Shake hands
We need a little physical contact
Hug her, but
Hug her, but
But...
But imagine that
It's a physical need
I'll be honest with you
Up until about 10 o'clock
I'll be honest with you



I just was out of sync
I'm just not firing on all cylinders and I know it
Bob or whoever you are
I'm not good enough
I want you to come
I want you to come
Respond to me
Respond to me
Is there a legume in the house?
Is there a legume in the house?
Is there a legume in the house?
Well of course a legume is dead
You know legume is dead
Legume has been dead several times
But you know what?
It's not a big deal
You know why?
Legumes fuck the devil
The devil was so smitten with the ass fucking
He got from legume that he wears a little locket of him
Picture of him and legume with it
You know it's really kind of creepy
Legumes been to hell and back
And probably has the STDs from the devil to prove it
That being said
I'm going to go


I'm going to go and tell you
That if legume is not dead
I would love to see him come up here and share with us his feelings on maybe being not dead
Or maybe being dead
Or you certainly look dead
By the way y'all
I am scared shitless of this man
It is taking everything in my body not to run right now
In fact you know what?
Forget it
Screw it
I'm going to go and tell you
I'm going to go and tell you
I'm going to go and tell you
I'm going to go and tell you


I'm going to go and tell you
Sorry it's been a while since I've been in a church
I feel naked without my gas can
It's a funny story
The last time I preached in a church like this was I guess 1996
And it was in Pittsburgh
And I brought a shotgun with me to church
Good Lord
I brought this big black Mossberg 500 shotgun in there with me
And at one point during my sermon
Blew a hole in the ceiling of the church
And there was this really hot looking female cop in the front row
And afterwards I'm carrying this shotgun out
And she walks up to me and she says
That's the most realistic prop I've ever seen
I'm going to go and tell you
I'm going to go and tell you

I'm going to go and tell you
I'm going to go and tell you
But it's been a while since I've preached
It's been about a decade or so
I hope I'm not too rusty
Because I'd like to ask you all a few questions tonight
Do you ever feel like the universe has positioned a funnel for all of it's shit over your life?
Yes!
All the time!
Do you feel the people around you that are still listening to the same music you're










you, draining your intelligence as you speak to them? Does it bother you that the decisions
that affect your life are apparently being made by a pack of insidious fucktards? Do
you ever find yourself sitting in a stoplight in the middle of nowhere in the middle of
the night as minutes of your life tick away and you realize that you've become a slave
to a glorified party light? One last question. Do you have thirty dollars? If you answered
yes to any or all of these questions, you can be saved.
J.R. Bob Dobbs is a spiritual GPS to show you the way, the path through life, the path
to slack, the superhighway of slack where there are no speed limits and there are no
stoplights and those insidious fucktards are just bugs on the windshield. So true. And
when you come to the end of that road, well, when you come to the end of that road, you
don't want to wake up in some bland bargain basement afterlife that you weren't expecting.
You don't want to end up in some shitty third world afterlife with flies crawling around
on your soul. Well, I'm here to tell you it doesn't matter if you're pagan or Christian.
It doesn't matter if you're Jewish or if you're Buddhist. It doesn't matter if you're an atheist
or even a Canadian.
J.R. It doesn't matter because you tonight,
have the opportunity to spend your afterlife in the coolest eternity ever devised by man nor gods.
I would love that.
I'm talking about, of course, subgenius heaven.
Praise God!
Praise God!
Now, you might ask, what does subgenius heaven have that other national brand afterlives don't?
Beer.
Beer!
Now, it's been well established by Polish clerics and polka bands that in heaven there is no beer.
But in subgenius heaven, you have all the beer you want, brothers and sisters.
Can I get a praise beer?
Praise beer!
Praise beer!
In subgenius heaven, there are verdant fields of the stillness.
Dickiest green buds of frog.
And you can just walk into the middle of the field and light it on fire and stand.
There are rivers of the finest liquors that you can just dive in, swim, and drink.
And you'll never, ever get tired climbing crack rock mountains.
Yeah!
Praise God!
In subgenius heaven, you can huff the everlasting jankum.
Yeah!
In subgenius heaven, you can have sex with anyone or anything you please.
Yeah!
All of the most perverse.
sick and twisted things that your sister would never let you do to her.
In subgenius heaven, you can travel back and forth between the afterlife and earth
in case you want to come back to tease fat ladies and Irishmen.
And when you return to subgenius heaven, no one will have fucked with your stuff.
Now, national brand religions, they ask a pretty high price for their afterlife.
You have to give them all your money, or you have to go to church every Sunday and kiss the CEO's butt.
Bullshit.
Some religions, hell, they want you to strap a dynamite vest to you and blow yourself to shit just to get to the afterlife.
That sucks.
They don't want you to have fun here on earth.
Because it's what makes their shitty bargain basement afterlife look good.
If they can deny you the opportunity of smoking and partying and drinking and dancing and whoring and queering.

And whatever it is that you want to do for fun.
They don't want you to do that.
Because they know that when they offer you an afterlife, they're not really offering you that much.
It's just dime store religious pap that they're offering you.
A boring afterlife where you're sitting around scratching your ass for eternity.
Now, for an afterlife as good as subgenius heaven,
we could easily, easily ask you to kill a wheelbarrow full of babies and staple them to your head.
But the subgenius church only asks one thing.
A single $30 donation.
Less than the cost of a single cup of coffee at Starbucks.
Now, how can we afford to offer an afterlife with such great features?
At such a reasonable price?
Why, it's simple.
Because Bob loves you.
And he's also pretty stupid.
But you, yes you, can profit from his stupidity.
There's a catch though.
You have to die first.
And it's probably going to suck.
Really.
Really bad.
But hey, that was going to happen anyway.
When cometh the day that you shuck that monkey suit that you're wearing,
you're going to feel awfully stupid if you find yourself in some trailer park afterlife
with a bunch of stupid pricks who are only there because they were pre-programmed for servitude in life.
That would suck.
Worse still, you might be reincarnated as some unwashed morphidite in a prog basement blowing goats over a webcam.
I would hate that.
I would hate that.
Now, you might ask, what about the flying saucers that Reverend Stang and Bob promised would come?
Where are they?
Where are they?
Where are they?
They haven't come.
Where?
Gee.
Where?
It's been ten years.
They haven't come.
And there's a good chance that you might not be here when they get here.
God dammit.
It's true.
It's true, brothers and sisters.
But you can have faith if you want to.
Old Bob never claimed to be infallible.
That's good.
And Reverend Stang, well, old Reverend Stang, he got that message directly from Bob himself.
But back then, Reverend Stang was
. . .
You know, I mean, he was into all kinds of fucked up shit.
So you can't take him at 100% on that one.
But you can have faith if you choose to.
I like to.
Faith is the difference between a mighty minotaur drinking a flagon of whiskey and fucking 100 virgins and Reverend Stang drinking sugar-free grape Kool-Aid in a brown fuzzy hat.
Oh!
If you're able and willing to have faith that the flying saucers will come and take you off to be a god on Plan X, despite the fact that they're a decade late.
. .
Then it won't cost you any extra to have a little faith in Plan B.
. .
It's no coincidence that Dobbs always says,
Give me slack or kill me.
. .
He knows something.
. .
And even if you think this is all just utter crap,
your ticket to eternal salvation
also comes with a bunch of really cool shit that you can use to freak out your family and your bosses.
And if you're lucky, they'll kill you!
And you'll have it made!
. .
And if you're real hardcore, you might get to go to subgenius hell.
. .
Subgenius hell?
Well, that has all the same things as subgenius heaven, only there's too much of it.
. . .
$30 for all that?
It's chump change.
Don't be a chump.
Good night, brothers and sisters.
I don't know who's coming up next.
. .
Oh yes, dear friends, Dr. Katahdin Lecum at the Baltimore DeFifle,
a triumphant return indeed.
Too bad the internet listeners don't get to hear how I censor the curse words for the broadcast versions.
But you can watch videos of this DeFifle,
the complete rants by Suzy Carter, Priestess Pisces, and yours truly,
and the amino acids as heard in the background here,
from amino acids, theaminoacids.com.
You can see these videos if you go to my blog, RevStang,
RevStang.blogspot.com,
or Subgenius.com and check the news area.
You'd be surprised what all is on Google Video under Subgenius.
But you might also be shocked if you knew in just what high places we are opposed.
Gentlemen,
state security has grown soft.
Its resilience against those who try to destroy our way of life has slackened.
Ever since the crash, we have successfully enforced the new social order.
For ten years, we have battled those who want to see its end.
These are not opponents with different political views.
They are not your typical marginal characters who thrive on crime and lawlessness.
These
are fanatical, well-organized, anti-implant vermin
who call themselves rebels
and who increasingly terrorize our society.
Infinite ocean.
Anyway, friends, the conspiracy, the false prophets, the wolves in sheep's clothing.
This world is getting pretty scary.
I mean, it's always been scary, actually.
I mean, at least the...
Well, it could be worse.
The 14th century was a little worse in Europe.
Half the population died.
As I understand it, though, half the population will probably die anyway, no matter what we do.
Because of the cancers, the poisons, the diseases, all the crap that you don't have any...
You know, you look at the news every day and it's just stuff you can't do a goddamn thing about.
The TV news shows.
This shit will destroy your mind.
It'll fuck your mind up.
Turn off that TV news.
And turn on YouTube.
Anyway, friends, think how...
Okay, so you know how bad it is because you've seen the TV news.
Think what they're not telling you!
Think them.
That's where the sci-fi books come from.
Half the time, that's just a preview of what's coming next.
They call the Church of the Subgenius a cult.
They call poor old David Koresh a cult.
They call poor old David Koresh and his people a cult.
Poor old Jim Jones and his dumb fucks a cult.
Goddamn it!
The United States of America is a cult!
What is the difference between Jim Jones talking 900 people into committing suicide
and the U.S. government convincing you to pay taxes every year?
Damn!
You know, friends, and the worst thing about the conspiracy,
they make it to where it seems like work, work as generally understood, is natural.
They make you believe that it's...
That means some people actually want to work!
And at the same time, they'll say,
Oh, but pornography and bad rock and roll is turning...
is breaking the family apart.
I'll tell you what's breaking the family apart!
It's day jobs!
Where mom and dad are both working from 8 in the morning
till 9 o'clock at night.
They kiss their kids a little kiss good-bye in the morning
and a little good-night when they get home.
The rest of the time, the kids are being raised by scarecrows
or something in the public schools.
Bob says,
legalize pornography and ban work!
Well, they like that!
war war war war war war war war war
getting b-b-b-b-but on a woman's garment there should be cross dressing.
men should wear women's clothes women should wear men's clothes men should look like black women
and so cut cut cut cut in every cult there are generally common normal cut cut cut cut so many
inches and it goes both ways by the way um that that that that that my wife liked it cut it off
cut it off but i i think it's a good idea and i actually like men and i that helps man man slack
we're just too small slack slack jesus wore a dress so no slack slacks then it's fine
slacks number two and we'll take it up again number two a great norel pref chop up there and now
from pr news in washington i'm still a threat and still trying to get weapons
pointing a gun at the camera the government jumped by the fastest rate in four years
it went up nearly five percent
and
one
one
hour of work on wall street one four five six nasa's watching the nation's most extensive
supreme center it's watched closely because it's a key indicator of pr news in washington
when's the war against the scientologists going to begin begin it's ongoing well you know i want
to see some blood it's actually more of a uh a mutual uh uh stealing mutual we rip each other
off constantly they've
they've
went they were ahead they appeared first l ron and bob both uh had ideas about starting cults at the same time bob was in that room at that sci-fi convention when l ron hubbard famously said the way to make money is to start a your own religion
the scientologists are being tossed out of germany according to today's paper
whereas the subgeniuses are welcome all over germany they have a beach giving ways the father
c

bo Nu
ch
th
hy
you
iPhone
hablar
c
como
Well, you know how some people are scholars of the history of the Roman popes and so forth,
and there were all kinds of scandals.
You know, you found out hundreds of years later that this pope used to have sex with dead bodies,
and that pope had a woman mistress.
Yeah, it was that kind of thing.
And we're just trying to, you know, get that good soap opera stuff right up front.
Do it early.
Yeah.
And often.
Well, we've seen that, like, Jimmy Swaggart and Jim Baker got much more famous
after they sinned against God and all that.
And in our church, you know, if we get caught doing that kind of thing, we get medals.
Yeah.
You know, we get a special award, well, a merit point anyway.
I've almost got enough for that baseball glove.
I had to take some off my jacket since the weight was tearing the lapel.
Always take religion from a man named Jim.
Or Bob.
For that matter.
Actually, my general experience has been,
just don't trust anybody named Bob.
That's part of Bob's message, is, you know,
he wants you to trust him so that he can then betray your trust,
which teaches you a lesson and saves you from things like Heaven's Gate
or Jonestown or Republican Party or the Democratic Party.
But I do think that if Bob has quotes around it,
then you should treat it differently as a sort of a numinosity or omen.
But any ordinary, unquote-centered Bob,
is, you know...
A quote-less Bob is just any old Bob.
Yes, and you can always tell somebody who doesn't really know
how to write of subgenius things or ways when they write Bob without the quotes.
That is a sign of bogosity.
Right.
If you're going to have a religion,
you've got to be very persnickety about all kinds of trivial details
that don't make sense to anyone outside the religion.
It's like drawing the...
Critical pieces, contradictory ideas.
Draw the pentagram correctly or be torn limb from limb by the demon.
And for the...
Same reason you want to put those quotes there,
neatly surrounding the word Bob.
Now you know.
We've discovered that a lot of doctors and lawyers become subgeniuses,
and I think it's because they are part of a priesthood of baloney and bull and jargon,
and they recognize that in the Church of the Subgenius.
You know, it's like we have our own layer of incomprehensible jargon,
and doctors and lawyers appreciate that.
That's the key to their success.
Bamboozling, you know, calling and coming up with fancy names for a runny nose.
What would Bob think of the Skull and Bone Society?
I think...
Marvin Lewis, Johnny Come Lately.
What would Bob not think?
That's an even better question.
He would not think nothing.
That was from A Season in Hell with John Hell on PirateCatRadio.com.
In San Francisco.
And now let's eavesdrop on the book signing at Atomic Books in Baltimore,
where Reverend Carter LeBlanc read from his section of the 2006 book,
The Bob Liagra Farm.
A lot of what I rant about is slack-related,
because it's pretty much the most important thing to me
that I've gotten from the Church of the Subgenius
that wasn't actually sexual in nature.
Although some of the slack is sexual in nature as well.
So this is from the book.
When I was born, I had slack like nobody's business.
My whole body was covered in vaginal excretions,
and as soon as I could catch my breath, I was given a tit to suck on.
I was all wise because my ignorance was all-encompassing,
and I did not need a job.
Today,
I have a million words for things that I care nothing for.
I have innumerable skills that benefit me in no measurable ways.
I own myriads of things that I have no need for.
I am surrounded by thousands of people
whose only job is to determine what behavior is acceptable and unacceptable for me.
Those people employ thousands more who earn their pay
by enforcing those standards of behavior,
and they use three techniques for enforcement and pacification.
Number one,
they use positive reinforcement.
Number two,
they use negative reinforcement.
And number three,
they use repetition.
The overman recognizes these three techniques of pacification for what they are.
Positive reinforcement is the replacement of slack with false slack whenever possible.
Negative reinforcement is theft of external slack whenever necessary.
And repetition is the continual obfuscation of false slack.

The overman has achieved the path to liberation through three acts.
The rejection of false slack,
the reclamation of external slack,
and the realization of internal slack.
It's easy enough to say my false slack is just here to hold me over until the real slack
comes along.
But this is entirely incorrect because real slack doesn't just come along.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry to say real slack cannot be obtained through lack of effort.
It sure would be nice, but the simple fact of the matter is that you have to work to get slack.
There are those that attempt to quibble theologically,
insisting that the deal was something for nothing.
The problem with this debate is that false slack is not nothing.
It merely takes the place of nothing.
If you fill your wallet with shit, you won't have room in there for money.
The sub-genius may be able to explain to you that the money is not just for money.


Let them take the place of the worthy but it should alsoTime to benefit you and both authors



Instead of the black people like you.
Cause you have been working to get sex?
And pride would not recognize you as an asshole.

Because that's really weak fashion.
Is mama real?
Today?
Nop.

Be honest.
Then what?
Do they have any money?
false slack on you means that somewhere there is real slack. If you have real slack, you do not
need false slack. False slack is indicative of a condition that is lacking in real slack. And if
you have slack, why would you ever, ever, ever concern yourself with false slack? And you don't
say, just give me a little slack. No. As far as we can tell, there is only a finite amount of slack,
but so little of it is actually being used that there is enough slack for every man, woman, and
child subgenius to say, give me all the slack I can handle. And even if every subgenius said that,
no subgenius would go slackless. There's that much slack available. But this is not the church.
Of give me half an hour for lunch or shoot me in the fleshy part of my leg with a 22. This is the
church of give me slack or kill me. This isn't the church of I hope they knew I was just kidding.
This is the church of fuck them if they can't take a joke. Kill Bob, but please pay your $30 first.
Carter LeBlanc reading from the new subgenius book friends. This is our slide number 1132.
For more information about the church of the subgenius, see subgenius.com. You can do that,
but you can't do everything. So, you know, you can't worry all the time about the state of the
world. In fact, you can't worry all the time about the state of the world. You can't worry all the
time about the state of the world. You can't worry all the time about the state of the world. You
can't do a whole hell of a lot about it, but you can certainly mow your lawn, wash your dishes,
invest in brittle fiberglass broomsticks. And the main thing is friends is just remember slack.
Slack is all you need. Oh, wasn't there a Beatles song like that? Now I have a confession to make.
I'm going to wrap it up here because there's someone a lot better looking than me,
waiting in the wings. I used to be frustrated sometimes when I'd look at my fellow subgeniuses
at the sheer nerdliness of half of those people. It was like, what fucking dorks? I mean, I'm a dork.
I'm a geek, but geez, you know what I mean? I mean, some of them, Christ, you don't want to be,
but well, duh, I finally, it finally sunk in.
That's what,
that's what,
this is all about. Of course they're fucked up because there really is a conspiracy of normals
robbing away the slack of the abnormals and the weirdos. And that's why Bob is their God.
And he's a good looking God too, ain't he? The girls like him. Anyway, friends, you know,
every year we wait for the aliens. We figure, okay, this July 5th at 7am, it's going to be X day.
The aliens are going to come and lift us up. We're not going to be like Heaven's Gate or Jehovah's witnesses
who only expect it once. We'll expect it every goddamn year. We're subgeniuses. And we think,
wow, when the aliens come and take us off to planet X, we'll have a new government. We'll have better
jobs or no jobs. And rich, famous, beautiful people won't define what's cool. We'll define what's cool
as soon as those aliens come and say, oh, we're going to have a new government. We're going to have a new government.

We're going to have a new government. We're going to have a new government. We're going to have a new government.
Friends, what are we waiting for? The lesson of X day is you cannot depend on invisible space monsters
in the sky to answer your prayers. You can't even depend on black and white, B-dotted clip art
salesmen to save your ass. We can make that new government or as we used to, as the late,
great Chaz Smith used to say, build your own ship. Build your own spaceship, friends,
build your own Amsterdam. Or even better, steal your own spaceship. Make your own slap. Bob is not the answer.
Praise Bob, neither is anything else. That is the great wonder of Bob. You must, you must
learn to think for yourself. But only Bob can show you how.
Question of the day.
Authority!
There's some subgeniuses out there. There's somebody who's been reading their prescriptions.
That's right. Why question authority? And, but most important of all, friends, please
fuck them if they can't take a joke.
Susie, this is something really, really important. You've got to call me back as soon as you can.
It's life or death. I'll tell you about it when you call me. Immediately, you've got to call me.
Call me back. I'm not at the old number. I'm at the new number. And, oh yeah, the new number is 856- or whatever.
And, oh yeah, the area code is 3-0. So, yeah, call me, man. You've got to call me because I'll tell you what it's about.
It is so... Look, just call me.
Okay. I guess that's all. Oh, yeah, this is Reverend...
FIGHT MY GRANDMOTHER!
Fuck burners!
