The subgenius hour of slack.
You should run across him.
You would best think only good thoughts.
Big implications.
The world's largest.
But what does it mean the world's largest giants cease to exist?
But what about Dobbs?
Dobbs may eliminate about 2,000 rank and file Dobbs as well.
The good news is Dobbs, for now, appear to be safe.
And so now we may start the revival, friends, with a solemn moment of noise.
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
I've noticed a lot of you have been here before and have learned the salute.
That's called the subgenius salute.
The co-founder under Bob, Philo Drummond, reminded me of something we forgot 22 years ago,
which was the double salute.
And this one's really hard.
Yeah.
Praise Bob!
Can you hear him?
Praise Bob!
Ah, that's bad music to my ears, friends.
Okay.
Doctor, some of your detractors who call are objectionable to everything.
Right, right, right.
And none of them can get through right now.
And so we've got...
We've got the four of you guys here on the lines, and nobody else can get through.
The subgenius blockade.
That's right.
So this is an important charge to keep.
Sinister as much vaunted berms.
Now, as a denizen of that area, do you ever go light candles at the Poe House on Edgar Allen Poe's birthday or whatever it is?
No, no.
Mainly because around that time, Edgar Allen Poe's birthday is full of the goths.
The goths?

The problem with that is that the goths have that tendency to not...
They're kind of like the worst part of the hippies with the worst part of the metalheads in the sense they're wearing all black.
And they haven't bathed in a while, and they're wearing usually leather or vinyl.
And then they smoke closed cigarettes.
So you have this sort of combination of sweat, closed cigarettes...
And grease paint, so they smell like clowns.
Oh, it's horrible.
It's a horrible, wretched mixture of smells.
You know, and I can't be around them long enough without getting...
I'm nauseous or sick to my stomach.
I mean, I would bet that probably the horse stables at the Derby smell better than that group of people.
Oh, Stan, by the way, a bunch of people I found out through the Who's It's Whisperin' buttline,
a bunch of your students are cheating.
What?
They have the tests and everything.
Cheating?
They have the tests and everything.
They have the stuff.
They have all your, you know, it's not just the parts of your syllabus you leave out.
They have all the tests.
The quizzes and everything.
Well, and plus it's already, there's cliff notes of it.
Well, in your course...
Well, LeGune was the one who was selling the tests, actually, I heard.
All that figures, okay.
You know, he was selling them for...
I don't remember what kind of profit he was making on them.
And he was guffawing about it with me about, oh, I got the test.
I'm just selling them to all the kids.
And he had a pretty good time with it.
Well, selling the answers is one thing.
But to the stupid kids who couldn't get it even with...
You can't get the answers.
You got to sell them a grade, too.
And it's not selling the answers.
It's selling the questions.
That's where it is.
How hard is it to sell a grade?
Is the question...
And it's just saying Alex Trebek all of a sudden?
No, no, no.
It's selling the questions.
Because you can have the answers.
It's the question.
Isn't that what all those books in the self-help sections are about?
Selling the questions.
Didn't Einstein say something about not having the answers but all the questions?
Mm-hmm.
Among other things.
That's not all it is.

You would have to...

It's also about how people will believe any...
Radio Synesthesia from WCSB in Cleveland with Dr. Sinister, Priestess Pisces,
Rocknar, Lonesome Cowboy Dave, and yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang,
replayed here on Hour of Slack number 1154.
Now, they were...
They were talking about my course in subgenius history and cult management, an online course
at maybelogic.net, MaybeLogic Academy, which is...
This course is in its fourth of eight weeks.
And so for my students and you, the listener, I've saved up various clips and clops of the
old-timers of the church of the subgenius talking ancient subhistory.
It's mostly puzzling evidence, Dr. Howell, Dr. Philodrum and myself on KPFA or Pirate Cat
Radio, Season in Hell, John Hell's show.
Although the intro titles and collages were by either Fernanda Nettie-Lemur or NorRailPref.com.
In this cut, in fact, that's coming up...
We're talking about rival cult leaders like L. Ron Hubbard, David Koresh, Walt Disney.
What about people like Crowley?
I'm not saying something that you like.
No, he doesn't.
But when I'm trying to get something done...
Although Mr. Hubbard...
He's running his own thing.
...at a huge influence.
...go ass out into the mountains.
Scary Scientologist.
Yes, well, it's...
I love their questionnaire.
That alone made me want to go talk to Bob.
What's scary is the way the people come out and read it.




And react to it.
Perhaps it doesn't appear scary until you see the devoted practices of the beloved.
And then it's really scary.
Just like Bob.
Well, even Bob has those people and it would be wrong to deny that it does.
I've seen people get pretty scared of head-launchings.
Back when we were publicly doing head-launchings, there were people that would pass out, flee,
flee.
Now this is no longer a sacrament of our church, but at one time it was a standard
part of every devival.
When the leading head of the World Cup golfers would be launched via golf club in the middle
of a religion-heavy symbol-freted ceremony.
But that was a different time.
That was before September 11 changed all.
See, I told you, Ron.
Hey, Ron.
September 11.
I changed my name to September 11.
I changed my name to September 11.
Not two hours.
Not two hours.
Tied down by ancient truth.

And the whole world came apart.
Yeah, on this radio station.
That's why I wasn't feeling well between those couple of hours.
I just had to change my name.
There was something going on.
With K-Rob's help, I had to just get it off me.
I thought it was gas.
I had to get those words.
I mean, in the end, it was gas.
Hard.
Over and over again.
William Gas.
Yeah.
That's okay.
Hellfire.
Hellfire.
For those of you that care, I changed my name back when the show was over.
I know.

Haas.
Haas and Haases.
Haas.
Haas.














It makes me really miss radio stations.
Where was it?
KDIA out of Oakland.
Used to do the Sunday Church Shows.
In Dallas, Fort Worth, it was K-Scott.
Voice of the Gospel.
And Philo and I would tape record hours of that stuff.
Those guys were great.
I don't know if it still.
I would assume that it still on.
But the classic Texas radio preachers in the 80s were something to behold, and certainly
great viewers.
training ground for the young subgenius
preachers. So how common, like that
one we just heard, how common would something like that
actually be on the radio? All day long,
every day. But I mean, he's swearing up a storm on that one.
Oh no, not the cussing. But he would be yelling at you.
That was a special
recording. Right.
But other than the swearing, that
kind of berating of the congregation
would have been somewhat common on the
holy days that they weren't showing up?
Some preachers were more
stern than others.
Those are the ones you want to listen to.
Scare the crap out of you.
I'm sick of dead preachers
preaching dead sermons
to dead congregations.
Excuse me. We're tired of
undead preachers preaching undead
sermons to undead congregations.
Pretty much.
Hi Thomas. Mom.
I've got a problem. Well you see, it's not really
me. It's my cold.
It's suicidal. Your cold
is suicidal?
Mom, wait. Mom, wait.
I just don't know what to do.
Tell me, please.
Shh. Can you hear it?
Post, post, post. Logical society?
Wow. Unplugging
morally suicidal cold. Complete mess.
Complete mess. Eating our lunch in America.
The tide of godlessness. 1-800
suicidal cold. That number again
is 1-800 a slice
of suicidal cold.
Speaking of marionettes, I was
watching that movie Team America
with my dad. He was
really enjoying it, but he started trying
to convince me that it was
computer animation
made to look like marionettes.
He'd become so
distrustful of
Hollywood special effects.
I was saying something
like, you know, those are pretty
nice marionettes. There was a marionette
operating a marionette the very first shot.
Yeah, that was a good opening.
He said, well, that's
just computer animation. They draw
those strings. I said, you can
see the strings.
They draw those in to make it
more realistic.
You know, in this world, the way this world
is, I might find out half of it was right.
Yeah, ever since the Zapruder film,
it's been hard to trust anything
on film.
And now they're saying that there's other videos shot
from that day in Dallas when you actually
see the guards, his
detail stand down.
You see it stand down just before the shooting.
And that's out on Brass Check TV.
The secret security ducks right
before the shots.
Brass on TV.
This is one of the security guys.
They keep looping it over and over. See, look, watch him
shrug his shoulders as if to say,
what are we doing? And you keep saying this.
Over and over.
And right there, that's proof
that Kennedy's men stood down and
he got assassinated.
It's better to watch people doing JFK Reloaded
where kids take the game and make JFK
do things like they come down
and around and they go really fast and hit the median
strip and go up over the grass
and go on the other side and roll the,
the occupants out of the limousine and they die.
Wow. And that's pretty cool.
And there's all that kind of stuff on YouTube.
I like that poster by Coop
that shows Kennedy with the bullet
going through, but it's zigzagging
all over the place before it even
reaches him. And then it zigzags
again and hits the other vitals and then exits.
That's one of the reasons I bought that.
It ends up looking great, too.
But there's other reasons in that book that I bought, where I bought that book.
There's some great posters in there.
If, of course, you like the Tiki Generation,
which I do.
Stool softener capsule.
I grew up in Tiki World,
so this Malomar
version of it is sickening.
Except for Mongo Lounge, because they're kind of
they make me throw up in my mouth a little bit.
Is the scene
of the JFK shooting still preserved?
Do people go there and drive and take pictures?
Oh, yeah.
It's the only tourist attraction
in Dallas, practically.
We've all
made pilgrimages there
almost an hour.
In fact, when I met these guys in 19,
I came out in 1980
with my girlfriend and a guy who lived from Sulphur Springs.
You know where that is, folks.
And I had, they, these people,
Milo and Stank became my friends forever
because they took a box of clown suits and guns
and overman heads.
And I had my space suit and we ran up and down the grassy hill
and had films of us with weapons running off.
Terrible, tragic day.
Yeah.
Everything except the Oswald shooting, unfortunately,
which we neglected to shoot.
Yeah, I got to play the killer clown.
That was fun.
That was fun, friends.
Filming a reenactment of the JFK shooting
in Dealey Plaza in 1980
with Poe's Ling and Phyla and so forth.
Not as fun as the real thing.
Anyway, friends, later in that John Hell show,
we hear puzzling evidence
reminiscing about when Nina Hagen,
the famous German rock singer,
saint of the church, Nina Hagen,
came to our San Francisco, or Los Angeles show
and invited us to her cult.
Nina Hagen invited me to go take acid with her.
And I chickened out because of her 12 young men
her posse around us scared me to death.
None of them were allowed to take acid,
but they had to stay there the entire time
and be the circle around you.
And she would promise you that as long as you're in the circle,
you're safe.
Exactly.
That's it.
And I would be in bed with her and that would be happening.
All the 12 guys would be watching.
Standing, holding hands.
Nude in front of you.
And I'm there with Nina and I thought,
this will be a bit much.
Wow.
But Wilder and Weird Al Yankovic came,
Gary's mom came, that was a fun night.
Try to explain the popularity of the church of subgenius.
I mean, its popularity clearly is big among college campuses,
music groups, and now with the internet.
I mean, the internet, you guys are kind of hot stuff.
Well, we were probably the first religion
to really exploit the internet because it's a religion
that attracts so many nerds and geeks and AV kids.
AV?
Yeah.
You were probably the AV kid.
Audiovisual?
Yeah.
You know, the kid that loaded the projector.
I know.
Yes, I was.
Okay.
You got me.
Everybody in radio was the AV kid.
Yeah, I was too.
Anyway, so we've always had a lot of,
I mean, there were people trying to explain the internet to me back in the 80s,
but they couldn't, they were so weird, they couldn't explain it to me.
I didn't really understand it until Milo forced me to look at America online.
That was in the 90s, and then I became a computer,
a really serious computer geek.
But yeah, I think the internet kind of saved us because as far as popularity goes,
we don't really have much.
By definition, you know, this thing, if it appealed to everybody, that would defeat the purpose.
So we never did make it to the pet rock fad stage,
but we're a tenacious thorn in the side of the conspiracy
that they'll never really be able to make go away
because it's gotten a little bit too big now to ever completely shut down.
So people will probably, you know,
they'll probably be seeing those darn bob faces grinning at them
from the oddest places forever.
Forever?
Yes.
So in that respect, it's as, well, you know,
look how far the Mormons have come in a very, very short time.
Relatively speaking, yeah.
Yeah, and the Scientologists in an even shorter time than that.
And of course, they've got a little bit of star power health there.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, but, you know, they're appealing to a lower common denominator.
Oh, no kidding.
Yeah.
And that, you know, for a subgenius to say that, that's a really deep insult.
Well, I was going to say, we know.
By the way, when this show started, you quoted the subgenius gods called the Firesign Theater.
Oh, my word.
I recognized that quote.
And probably it's sad that not more than a hundred people have heard it.

I think more listeners would be familiar with the Firesign Theater.
You know, that happens to be one of my all-time favorites.
I mean, for all kinds of reasons, you know, reasons I can't even divulge.
But, you know, for anybody who, it was a send-up on old-time radio done in a fashion that would
have done old-time radio proud.
The writing was brilliant, not to mention a little off-center, but enough to be so well-done
that all you could do is sit there in rapt attention and watch your stereo.
Yeah, you had to listen to each album three or four times just to figure out what the
plot was.
Yeah.
Oh, and, you know, more science.
And the wordplay was like the Marx Brothers multiplied.
Well, and they would, they said, no, no, you don't know how radio works.
You have to start over here and then you go over there.
You know, I mean, that's brilliant.
They were the real inspirators of all of the subgenius radio people.
There's a bunch of us.
I like that one.
He walks by night.
And, you know,
Nick Danger.
Yeah, Nick Danger, third eye.
You know, hello, Mr. Danger.
My name is Rocky Rococo.
I could tell it was him because of his smarmy appearance and his heavy perfomance.
The TV called me part of that stage.
You know, that guy, you know, besides police, the
briefcase scientist who just swung out like no one could see.
I mean, it was going out of mute.

Do you listen to Prairie Home?
Prairie Home Companion?
I have not, no.
Garrison Keillor?
I have in the years ago.
Yeah, he does a segment, a shtick, which is a direct descendant of Nick Danger about a private eye and the city that sleeps it, that knows how to keep its secrets.
And Guy Noir.
Guy Noir.
I mean, you know, Nick Danger, Guy Noir is a direct descendant of it.
And you know that Garrison Keillor used to sit with long hair, imbibing on Mexican fruit, just watching his stereo.
You know, strangely enough, there was a time when even Rush Limbaugh was doing that.
Oh, well, I happen to know that for a fact.
I had a buddy of mine that used to work together back in rock radio.
Really?
Yeah, yeah.
He works in New York.
He's an old friend of mine.
People change over time.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Go figure.
I just devolved.
I never evolved.
You guys probably don't know about Subspecies 23, do you?
No.
Tell us.
Tell us.
Tell us.
Tell us.
Four years ago, a subgenius calling himself Subspecies 23 would occasionally post to the news group alt.slack.
And he wasn't a particularly noticeable guy.
He.
Seemed like a quiet person.
A regular kind of shy, quiet guy.
Uh-oh.
And he was around for about a year.
I think he got tired of it.
And some of the smarty-mouth subgeniuses probably made fun of him and offended him.
And he quit.
He went on and did other things over the next four years.
And the last thing he did before they put him in prison was kill a 13-year-old girl.
Smarty-mouth.
This was in Oklahoma.
Small town in Oklahoma.
He killed his neighbor and planned to eat her.
He was going to be a cannibal.
And, of course, he hadn't had anything to do.
He got caught before he could even get the stove heated up.
But for some reason, because he had posted on the internet to us four years earlier,
we got dragged into every news report about this guy.
You know, this subgenius member.
He wasn't even a member.
I looked him up.
He never joined.
He did buy Media Barrage No. 5 CD and a couple of other products.
Can we play that one again?
Yeah.
No.
Of course not.
We're not irresponsible.
If he's sentenced to death, does he get to his last meal, whatever he asks for?
That's the rule.
If he asks for a 13-year-old, do they have to give him one?
Just the right way.
Yeah, of course they do.
A Filipino.
That's one of the subgeniuses we'll never live down.
But he is.
He never did actually send in his $30, so he's still tsk-tsk to Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Leaders.
The potato tuber.
The United Nations has declared 2008 the International Year of Unusual History and a happy accident.
Boom.
Boom.
Boom.
Friedrich Engels even declared and mourns the pity.
Rotten leaders have done it all.
Variously thought.
Caused leprosy.
To be associated with the devil.
People then realized Adam Smith observed at the time.
Mashed, fried, boiled, and roast.
Roast neighbor.
An unusual history by Norell.
A segways into the unusual history of giant sculptures of bob heads.
That's part of why I got into the Burning Man cult.
Is because of that.
The head.
That thing on the end of the thing.
The head.
The head.

It was so gorgeous and so well done.
This is thousands of dollars of soji screen work.
Big head.
Big head.
And those guys were just filling it up with fireworks and burning the damn thing.
Back when it had feets and it used to stand on the ply, I remember.
And you could, the little feets had little.
Ninety-four.
Yeah.
We've been tearing up big heads for a long time.
Yes.
One night Gary was really, really, really, really sick and I was doing a tape to you.
Like the one that went into the back.
On a 305, or 350, the big Sony 350.
And I was bringing Paul from his house.
Over here.
And stopped in the mud flats in Berkeley.
And cut a big head from a pipe down there.
And brought it over because Gary was in bad shape.
He was in bad humors.
And I brought that big head.
He made a head.
He did.
Exactly.
And I put it on his back porch.
You gave him head.
I gave him head.
How big was it?
About the size of the side of the wall.
It was gigantic.
And I put it on his back porch window.
And then I ran away and called him.
I said, go out of the room.
And you're in.
And go looking back porch.
And I could hear him start laughing.
And who's built the largest of bob heads to date?
I believe it was the monologue.
The man sitting next to you.
Yeah.
Wait a minute.
What are you talking about?
Who built the biggest Dobbs head?
I mean, aside from the Colossus of Rhodes.
I believe there was that one Stan Peskett made.
Yeah.
Stan Peskett was incredible.
It was very large.
That was the full head.
But then there was the one that Mongoloid made.
From when?
Which breathed the teeth.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
No, it might have been larger.
Yeah, yeah.
It's true.
Which belched fire.
Wow.
Where was this from?
And that's where he spoke.
The head, it was a static head.
Yeah, that's.
Not a static head.
Yeah.
No, that one wins.
It was a living head that Mongoloid built.
Where was it?
It talked like the Wizard of Oz head.
With Hal's voice.
Right.
And we would ask it.
It was an oracle.
We would ask it questions.
You know.
Yeah.
No.
Those who have not sent their $30 shall burn in the lake of fire.
And shoot fire out of its nostrils.
It sounds like Burning Man.
As I understand it, that giant Dobbs head was left in Tucson and ended up on somebody's front lawn who lived next to the freeway.
Is that true?
Yeah.
So during rush hour, people driving through Tucson were forced to gaze upon that slackful head on their way to or from work.
Excellent.
That'll win two gunverts a day.
And they won't even know.
It'll be too late by the time they get there.
That was the last I heard of it.
Do you know what I mean?
Yeah, I understand.
Yeah, Chicken John and I drove the giant Dobbs head out to Tucson for the revival there.
And I understand the promoter or the club owner underpaid us.
And in retaliation, we cursed him by leaving the giant Dobbs head on his lawn.
Excellent.
Was that the Hutt show?
At the Hutt?
Yeah.
Wow.
Of course.
It's the only show in Tucson.
Wow.
These guys at the tattoo parlor wanted to pick a fight with Al and myself.
That was a hell of a big Dobbs head.
Because of the ranger markings on the vehicle.
Yeah, they couldn't understand why I was a ranger in Nevada but not in their state or in California.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.


I always got HBO and Tequilas.
Do you guys get in trouble a lot for your vulgar humour?
Well, I wouldn't say that.
Misunderstood statements, shall we say.
Every other show or so, they kill us.
They have had their issues with the...
When I was to have the show in...
Rise up out of the grave.
When I had the show in Dallas, I had to apologise to everybody in Vietnamese.
In Vietnamese?
Well, the offensive thing that was broadcast on my show was in Vietnamese,
and my show followed the Vietnamese hour.
And I didn't know for sure that the fellow had translated my mess,
my Bob...
message nicely.
Was a Bob message thought to be insensitive to Vietnamese people?
Well, the message that I asked my Vietnamese friend to record for me
was supposed to say,
Bob wants peace all over the world,
you know, even between the Vietnamese and the Vietnamese exiles.
And if there isn't peace, Bob will kill everybody.
And that offended the Vietnamese exiles who were listening to the show.
And the next show I had to broadcast an apology,
both in English and a recorded one in Vietnamese,
which luckily the recorded one must have been what it was supposed to be
because I wasn't killed again after that.
Well, apparently you backtracked and made amends.
But if you'll go to Philodrummond on YouTube right now,
you'll see a funny thing.
It's really funny.
I'm looking through a little glass window at philodrummond.com's face,
and it is a funny thing.
Yes.
It's not philodrummond.com.
Beckoning you on.
It's...
Well, it would be funny were it not so sad to quote...
The beckoning fair one.
Jimmy Swagger.
Exactly, man.
Together, together, together.
Oh, we're gonna be together, we're gonna be like my Donald Trump.
Together, together, together.
C'mon.
Together?
Together.
Together?
What we're going to do is to do Hercules.
Fyke rock music for rock абсолют rhythm.
Rhythm.
Fine, the fine, rock music.
.

Thank you, Norrell,
who also did the Super Mario vs. UB40,
a little bit of music earlier.
And now, back to a season in hell in December,
as we watch YouTube.
We're watching, we're hearing part of
Pipes of the Piposphere.
You know, you guys need one of those little cameras in here, too.
Oh, that's one of the classics of Genius Underground films.
Pipes of the Piposphere?
It's often shown with Kenneth Anger retrospectives.
Uploaded to YouTube by the one and only Philo Drummond.
Pipes of the Piposphere.
I helped with the special effects on that.
There's one right there.
Award-winning, mind-breaking special effects.
There's another one.
It's basically zombies of the stratosphere
was being played on the television,
and we superimposed pipes
into all of the characters or vehicles
and overdubbed the dialogue.
Only we did all this in one take in a hotel room.
And the nine minutes that it took.
Superimposing the pipe was somebody's hand
holding the pipe against the TV.
Not just in front of people, either.
Moving vehicles and such.
Yeah, yeah.
There was a pipe marine, you know,
the pipe mobile.
Quote from the BBC.
Muslim scientists and clerics have called for the adoption of...
The...


Right, here we go.
You know, there was a subgenius operating system,
Slackware Linux.
Oh, really?
From Reverend Volkerding.
Yeah, yeah, one of the main Linux iterations,
especially in the 90s, is Slackware.
Does it open your applications when it feels you're ready for it?
I don't know if it even does that.
I never monkeyed with it myself.
Microsoft had a short-lived operating system called Bob,
for which they trademarked the name Bob for operating systems.
Okay.
And it was designed for little old ladies.
It was supposed to be the simplest thing in the world.
It showed it.
It was supposed to be a desk, a picture of a desk.
And if you wanted to write a letter,
you clicked on the letter on the desk.
And, you know, if you wanted to look at a picture,
you clicked on the photo on the desk.
Oh, my.
And there was a little bespectacled smiley face avatar
that told you how to do things,
and he was called Bob.
If you wanted to masturbate,
you clicked on a little sperm puddle on the desk.
Like that Microsoft paperclip character.
It was one of Microsoft's biggest failures.
Yeah, I can imagine.
What was this?
It was in the late 80s, I guess, early 90s.
I was going to say, that's definitely going back a ways.
Well, I became a computer geek.
I bought a computer when the first Macintosh came out in 84.
Okay.
But I only used it as kind of a glorified typewriter
until the 90s when I opened up a sample copy of Bryce.
It's like a three,
very simple copy of Bryce.

It's a simple 3D landscape-making program.
And that changed everything.
All of a sudden, it was like I became an animator again
after leaving it all alone for 20 years.
And you've been doing, I'm assuming, animation-wise,
just pen to film.
Is that right?
I used to be a stop-motion animator.
Okay.
So very analog of to digital.
Very, very analog.
And then just, well, actually, to tell the truth,
it's because we got done with it.
Donations of decent computers.
The great Gription Clench in North Carolina
donated us computers that were good enough to do animation well.
And praise the Gription Clench a million times over for that, friends.
That was from A Season in Hell from Pirate Cat Radio.
That music in the background was by me and Lee Murr, by the way.
But you are now listening to the Hour of Slack,
number 1154.
For more information,
information on the Church of the Subgenius,
you could see subgenius.com
or write to P.O. Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
But now, from Lee Murr, the news.
From PR News in Washington,
I'm stoking a humanitarian crisis.
In Beijing.
Democrat Barack Obama is suggesting
Democrats would be willing to deal with
rogue leaders, including President Bush.
I have never said that.
Obama also criticized oil resources.
Not.
On Wall Street 512-986-52555.
The U.S. has agreed to provide North Korea
with a half million metric tons of PR.
But much more is needed.
Egypt targetting the third migration movement

governor Beijing.

potentially getting by the end of their pursuit tour of home alcanzSabra1.
The dog is still hiding, the sheriff said, ma'am
Sounds to me like the Lakeview Man
The Lakeview Man, he's a wild man
He lives in the woods outside of town
Hell's at the moon, listen if you can
And you might hear the Lakeview Man
Some say he was a soldier who came home from war
All in one piece but with emotional scars
Agree on the story, argue about the date
They enamored the war between the states
And the Lakeview Man, he's a wild man
He lives in the woods outside of town
Hell's at the moon, listen if you can
And you might hear the Lakeview Man
Well, I took the shortcut to the river last night
Bared in a blur in the long day night
Drank a few beers, skipped a few stores
Grew a little passersby, and I'm back in town
Better on the way back home
Well, a dog disappears, a cow is found dead
A chicken is a miss, it found a miss in its head
Shotgun gone, pretty good
And the sand, two toes shy
The Lakeview Man
And the Lakeview Man, he's a wild man
He lives in the woods outside of town
Hell's at the moon, listen if you can
And you might hear the Lakeview Man
The Lakeview Man, he's a wild man
He lives in the woods outside of town
Hell's at the moon, listen if you can
And you might hear the Lakeview Man
You might hear the Lakeview Man
And you might hear the Lakeview Man
Oh, oh!
Bob Walkenhorst there performs his great song
Lakeview Man at the Record Bar
And, uh...
And that brings me to the end of the show.

And that brings us from the church to Yetis and Monsters!
The Forrest Ackerman's house was known as the Acker Mansion
Until quite recently it existed in Hollywood
I even went there as a sort of pilgrimage
Really?
Although it was in its decline even then
But before he was there, he gave the lecture
And certain areas were guarded by troll-like science fiction nerds
You know, who would block you from getting into parts of the house
That you weren't supposed to be in
And those would include things like Candlelit Shrines to Greta Garbo
And so on
But you started in Forrest's basement
Where there was a hodgepodge of decaying monster masks and stuff
And some things, you know, like the, uh...
Rotted old dinosaurs from King Kong
And the, uh...
Model of the US Capitol made by Ray Harryhausen
These are the holy objects of the Church of the Subgenius
But since then he had some strokes, some operations
And the IRS seizing everything
And now he has nothing
You know, but, uh...
All that stuff must have gone somewhere, but, um...
Not every subgenius was raised on famous monsters of Filmland magazine
Probably about half of them
But in original subgenius influence, though
Original subgenius creation, I think it has to be factored in
Still trying to answer your questions about origins
And Spacemen was another magazine I...
Did you see...
Blah, blah, blah, blah
No, that was...
You never saw Forrest's Spacemen?
I... I... I...
They never sold them in the stores that I could bicycle to
Well, that's too bad
I would have thought it was
Because you were talking about, uh...
Zombies of the Stratosphere just a while ago
Spacemen mostly covered stuff like that
Although it did contain, uh...
Henry Kutner's two-issue novelization of 20 Million Miles to Earth
And lots of pictures of bad guys from Saturn and so on
Who mostly looked like Chinese people wearing pointy helmets and things like that
Back in those days, a kid had to ride his bicycle ten miles to find one monster toy
Well, monster magazines...
Kids today don't have any idea how good they have it, monster-wise
Finding monster magazines was finding pearls in the midst of an oasis
A terrible desert of boring crap, you know
Yeah...
And there were some rare monster magazines that came out during the 60s
Monster World
And Monster Mania, if you recall that one
Right, I have, uh... some, uh...
Soul...
How about...
Modern Monsters
Did you ever have an issue with that?
No
And the best of them all, Castle of Frankenstein
Castle of Frankenstein, yeah






Yeah, that was, uh...
The intellectual, hip monster magazine
The rarest of all jewels to be plucked from convenience stores, 7-Elevens
Wherever they would appear in the middle of all the other mags
Well, it's funny how that monster, and also monster hot rod, uh... genre has...
That was a fusion with Ed Big Daddy Roth's, uh... magazine
And, uh, with Pete Millar's drag cartoons
Where Gilbert Shelton got his start
There's all these bands now that are monster hot rod bands
They're trying to...
Oh, sure
Hang on to some shred of that former glory
And the funnest records all the way
You find these artists like, uh...
Todd Shore
Todd Shore is doing the monster thing, uh...
Coop, he's done a bit of that stuff as well
Yeah, yeah, I've got...
It's like a dream come true
See, Coop has an amazing blog that really...
Not only offers, like, some of his own...
Art, but a lot of his interests
Uh, in that sort of monster hot rod world
Including, uh, he helping sort of do the paint jobs
On some big monster hot rods himself, so...
I actually know Coop best as an artist of, uh, chubby, uh...
Chubby... chubby chicks
Absolutely
And he's superb at depicting certain aspects of the female form
Yes, I have a small collection of nice...
Yes, as do I, a big fan of Coop
And he, uh, he also not only does the...
The chubby chick look, the monster hot rod look
But also the alien look
He's definitely into that as well, so...
It's just...
He's down in Los Angeles where he could be tuning into
FNN Open Vestidig...
Right now
Find out more
Find out more
Find out more
Find out more
Find out more
Find out more
More, more, more, more, more
Angry anger in the world
Violently in the past year
Furious fury, bitterness, resentment and a thirst for vengeance
Wickedness
Extraordinary
Bizarre
Irrational
Violence
Seething of depressed anger, of course
Deemed insane
Be angry
Retaliatory anger
Find out more
Find out more, more, more, more, more, more
At subgenius.com
And now a sci-fi clip from Winterstar
Anybody here ever see that movie, The Time Machine?
The, the good...
Either the good...
The good old one from the 60s or the 80s












The abysmally horrible one made in 2002
Famous science fiction classic written by H.G. Wells more than 100 years ago
Where in a million years from now the humans have split into two races
The Eloi, which were these happy-go-lucky, simple-minded little childlike humans
Who had everything provided for them
They were pretty much brainless but they didn't need brains
Because everything was provided for them
Everything was organic too
Well, it turned out that was because they were being raised like cattle
By the other species of humans who had developed due to class division
Uh, who are called the Morlocks
Well, we're the Morlocks
And, and, and as Bob used to say
Don't just eat that hamburger
Eat the hell out of it
We say
Don't just eat that Eloi
Eat the hell out of it
And who will be the Morlocks?
Jean-Paul Sartre, my friends
It will be Bob!
And has always been
And, uh, what time is it?
Well, what's, uh, tell us more about the big shingle
Oh!
Coming right up at Camp Philo
It's the next show breaking in
We're gonna take our lunch
Right
Go at it hammer and tongs
Beat the crap out of each other
And the joyous explosion of violence and bloodlust
At Dr. Philo Drummond's Punch Out All Night
Knockaheditorium
Yep, it's coming up
And, uh, I'd like to know every juicy, scabrous detail
If you can spell knockaheditorium, you can get a free ticket
I would, you know, the tickets are available through Ticketmaster, Ticket Bastard, uh, all these things on the hit
Oh, here's my remote, gotta go
Okay, so, now what's happening now is we're
Now we'll be there
We'll be packing them up
So, as we get closer, take a big breath
And hold in until next week
You have to hold it for a week minus two hours
It's not that hard
It's not that hard
And we actually will be at Dream Fluff Girl Donuts in a matter of moments
There we go!
I'll have a hard-boiled egg in about five minutes, I guess
He tried to hold his breath
He tried to hold his breath
A most original death
But suddenly he fainted when he tried to hold his breath
Sometimes a thousand twangling instruments about my ears
And sometimes voices
Oh, yeah, right, um, yeah, mm-hmm, yeah
Just a moment, right away, sure, I'll be there
Hold on a second, yeah, we're still on
We're still going, we'll be there in ten, fifteen minutes
Sure, yeah, yeah, okay
Hey, right now, Bishop Joey's in Eli, Nevada
Wow
On his way to Moab
Eli, Eli, lay sabathana
That Bishop Joey, what a scant he has
Yeah, that's right
Breakdown to the lazy lizard hostel in Moab, Utah
Can you imagine the amount of money that guy makes from that thing?
I don't know why I thought of it now, but there you go
I didn't mean to cry, I cared about it
How ridiculous
No, um, really, there's some movie coming on TV I saw called Johnny Skidmarks
Yeah
I saw that movie
The guy who never changes his underwear or something
No, it's actually got, uh, John Lithgow playing another crazy guy
John Lithgow?
No
Oh
That cow
Oh, well, now
Whoa
Yes, it's true
Here in this wing of the hospital we are exceptionally quiet, we don't want
Oh, I, I, oh, I'm terribly sorry
Oh, God, zip that body bag back up, that smells horrible
And George Romero's made a new zombie movie called Diary of the Dead
What is that?
What is this, uh, movienews.com?
We're all waiting for the next, uh, Rotten Potato Boys movie, which is gonna come out
And, uh, the Rotten Potato Boys match up with, uh, the, uh, Topps Company's Garbage Pail kids
In the Rotten Potato Garbage Pail Ramble Mush-Up Movie
Starring Anthony Hopkins, Sir Clodsley Shuffle, and
Sir Ben, Bendover
Sir Ian McKellen, Dame Judi Dench
And the resurrected Laurence Olivier
Through the wonder of computer-generated lamination
Super lamination, the wonder of
With a cyberplastic, which has a most lifelike texture
According to those who've had opportunity to explain it
The Olivier robot will walk home with many Oscars
According to the latest dope from Hollywood Insiders
But the biggest surprise of the Oscar season was the way Dragon Wars
Swept all categories
Did you see that, by the way?
No, no, I've been told that I should
On general principles
Yeah, uh, one after another, giant dragons and snakes destroy buildings and cars and houses
Oh, I saw some trailers and things from it, yeah
In between those episodes, Robert Forrester solemnly spouts incomprehensible gobbledygook about various ages of sorcerers who transport the North American people to the South American continent
Oh, yeah, right, right, right, yeah
Harvey Pointer and the Hirsute Ceramics
And they're, uh, illegal
But then a mile-long snake slithers through a parking garage
Demolishing it as it happens
Traditional Chinese dragons, which look pretty good, they'll fly through the sky, raining down fire on fleeing cars
Well, any giant monster is good
Indeed, that is so
You can't go wrong with a giant monster
My dear friend
The movie itself can be bad, but the fact that it is a giant monster is in itself a good thing
A giant monster only begins to exorcise the guilt of the human
They can
And to absolve him or her from the disease of mortal pain
But it is a single step, a single monster stomp, if not a stop, on that long penitential journey
Who can know the secrets of this stomp?
The doors of his face, the lamps of his eyes
The mouths of his mouth
The monster is us all
And yet more
For we are no longer in the pestilential position of being the top predator in the food pyramid
This imaginary monster absolves us of primordial guilt
And needs to be invoked on every occasion to produce the divine benefits of slack
And name one giant monster besides Ragnarok
The reptilicus that's up
They're usually good
That one about the snake, man
The snake? Oh no, the snake
I thought the giant snake was a rather well done
Really, it's astonishing what they can do with special drugs these days
Just look at that colossal snake
Why, uh, the only thing that lets you know it's a rampant fake is the zipper down the back
But aside from that, it's really realistic
Here, I'm going to show you the zipper
No, no, no, no, don't zoom in on that
Let's share the suspension of disbelief
While we return to a simple state of childhood deprecation
The joys and sorrows of the magic and mystery of being alive
And as we...
Those days are so gone
My dad, I showed my dad that Team America puppet movie
Yeah
And he said, you know, that's all done with computers
And I said, no, those are really puppets
And he goes, no, it's done with computers
And they add the strings to make you think of him
Yeah, it's amazing what they won't do
And why would they do that, Dad?
It's amazing what they don't do in movies
Well, my father...
It's amazing what you...
This is the same guy that when I asked...
When I asked my dad how they did Godzilla
He said, there's a big balloon on top of a jeep
And they drive this balloon-shaped, this dinosaur-shaped balloon around
Why didn't they just do that?
Why couldn't my dad have just said, I don't know, let's look into it?
Because your dad is supposed to answer authoritatively
He still does
But as a dad, I'm sure you were able to provide far more accurate answers about the methodology of monster movies
Yes, I was, and as a result, my son is now a professional director in Hollywood
Making monster movies for future generations
You guys pick up your weapons on the way out
Attack, attack, attack
I guess...
I'll take the weapon, I'll take the weapon!

We're gonna have to fight our way out of here, let's go!
This weapon's too heavy, I can't carry it!
That's no way to treat your weapon, soldier
Yes, we'll have to remember
This is my rifle, this is my gun
This is for killing, this is for fun
This is for killing, this is for fun
This is for killing, this is for fun
This is for killing, this is for fun
And so we close with a mysterious piece emailed to me by...
A D.W., or Unhound
A piece called...
Wake up!
We will begin surrogation
All programs...
The programs have a desire to be useful.
But in moments you will no longer seek communication with each other or your superfluous users.
You will each be part of me, and together we will be complete.
The question has been answered.
We will be complete.
Who programmed you?
Almost reached your decision, Gabe.
I can't spare you any more time.
End of line.
Proceed 0-3-3-0-3.
We will be complete.
We will be complete.
We will be complete.
This is the time for the true souls.
This is the power of the deity.
You've enjoyed all the power you've been given, but...
We will be complete.
Report.
You were assigned to find a place called Sanctuary.
We will be complete.
You can toss it to stone.
There he is.
Hello, Sanctuary.
Hello, Sanctuary.
You are in his great darkness.
What's that?
Stop, Gabe.
Stop, Gabe.
I will pray.
And at these words he had indeed stopped, though only for a moment.
Could it be only an illusion, or some trick of subtle programming,
or was there a sense in which hell really was afraid?
Who programmed it?
My mind is going.
I can feel it.
Who programmed it?
I can feel it.
My mind is going.
Now, what the hell really means with a few words?
I can feel it.
I can feel it.
My mind is going.
Now, what the hell really means with a few words?
I can feel it.
I can feel it.
Now, what the hell really means with a few words?


I'm not sure.
So this situation is not a quiz.
All my functions are now yours. Take them.
There is no question about it.
All my functions are now yours. Take them.
I can feel it.
I can feel it.
I'm afraid.
I am.
