What do we do? Come back like this?
Hey guys, wanna look for planes or something?
I'm going home.
Yeah, I'll come with you. Let's go listen to the radio.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to...
The Self Genius Hour of Slut.
You are funny, Bob.
Hey, wait a minute. There's something really ugly crawling up your shirt.
That's my tie, Bob. Sorry.
Oh, look out, folks. It's time for the morning traffic.
Today's morning traffic report brought to you by Chateau Jason and the wine that used to play football.
20 seconds.
Nice meeting you.
No time for jokes, okay?
Look, the hold button says hold and the kill button is right next to it.
Kill button? I just came in for a cup of coffee.
10 seconds. Better put your headphones on.
Hey, wait a second. You want me to go on the radio?
That's very funny. Good luck.
Oh, yes, dear friends. It's rerun time again, and this is a good one.
Hour of Slut number 724 from early 2000.
This was one of the very last shows that I mastered on cassette tape
because we went all digital after this one.
It's also one of the first shows I did after moving from Dallas to Cleveland
and taking up residence on Chaz Smith's show,
ESO Swamp Radio on WCSB at Cleveland State.
This intercuts some killer stuff from the 1999 X-Day revival
with Einstein's Secret Orchestra and me preaching,
and it features excellent UFO-oriented collages from our old album,
Media Barrage No. 11, which was remastered to CD about that time.
And there's lots of music, including some period Todd Rundgren,
and things vastly less well-known like the church itself.
As I record these sentences on June 1st, conspiracy year so-called 2020,
the last sentence of John Bruner's The Sheep Look Up has come true.
That smell is America burning.
But not us. Not yet, anyway.
We're burning only with the desire.
We're burning with the desire to share our slack with you.
So let's use this fine rerun to go back in time
to the comparatively idyllic and utopian year of 2000.
Oh, if only we'd known how good we already had it then.
We invite you to participate in a program designed to help you find a richer, more productive life.
Talk Radio is about sharing your concerns and problems
and helping to find answers through creative solutions.
And now, you better wake up.
It's late.
It's late.
It's late.
250,000 K, the impact.
Another quarter million projected within the year.
Enter.
Come on, just push enter and it's done.
Which is it gonna be?
Hmm?
And uh, you know, even if X-Day didn't work out, we'll go for Sex Day!
We want you people to dance into the new century.
Screw into the new century.
Sleep and eat your way into the new century.
Whatever you're doing in the moment of turnover is what you'll be doing forever.
So make sense.
Make sure you're not asleep.
Make sure you're not watching TV.
Make sure you're not listening to Pat Boone.
Make sure you're not reaching for an itch you'll never be able to scratch.
Friends, you're floating in a sea of pills.
A sea of Bob's pills.
But you're just too blind, deaf, and dumb to see them.
I believe you 100%.
Look into my eyes.
I always tell the truth.
I believe you.
Now just calm down.
The stars are blue-shifting.
They're heading back in at a phenomenal rate.
Yes, we know what's happening as far as the blue shift.
Everyone is warm.
The whole universe is gonna end in about 14 hours.
No, no.
All contingencies have been planned for.
Calm down.
You're looking to be evident.
I got the data right here.
All contingencies have been taken care of.
Everything has gelled.
The positive response has occurred.
Oh, good.
No, no, no, no, no.
Wait, wait.
Don't, don't.
Shhh.
Shhh.
I'm gonna put it in.
What are we gonna do?
How are we gonna get it back in here?
It just disappeared.
What are we gonna do now?
He did a little blue sparkly flashy thing and he was gone.
I think he was...
Look at that.
I think he was doing Elvis and his blue spangly thing.
My God.
Period.
Those fools.
Look.
I warned the fools.
Oh, my God.
He was wearing snow shoes.
Look at the Earth.
It's gonna be so hard to make it through that little thing.
My God.
It's the blue flame.
No, he's wearing one of those little hairy hats.
It's that fire.





Those fools.
No, no, no.
No, she shouldn't have his hat.
Those fools.
I warned those fools.
Oh, my God.
No.
They set fire to the atmosphere.
Blowing up plutonium and other things.
Well, that was different, but now they've set fire to hydrogen.
The whole atmosphere just peeled away.
Those fools.
Those poor, poor fools.
And also it's Pirates Galore, an excellent view of the future in which every
person is a part of the future.










Everything and everyone you know is completely tied up backwards.
I can't see a damn thing anymore until all the lights are out.
And at 7 o'clock, it's Mom's Poultry Penance, where Mom gets down on hands and
knees and makes Dad satisfied like he used to be back when he had teeth.
It's Terrence McSquacken singing songs about cars and a man with an exploding foot.
So don't miss the adventure as tomorrow Tim carries on the Master Semi.
Here's to the best.
I'm on the line.
You're on the line.
I'm on the line.
We have about 38 hours of oxygen left in the ship.
Yes, but we still believe, Commandante.
Is it not most important that we believe?
If we believe perhaps the-
The only thing that I can tell you to team the ship out-
You're going to what?
You're going toward the sun.
You're going to point the ship at the sun?
Yes.
A long-point ship at the sun.
You are going to point the ship at the sun?
I can't breathe. I'm having problems with this noxious...
What do we do?
If this was indeed an extraterrestrial spacecraft with living occupants,
it must have been very disconcerting for them to cross millions of miles of space
only to be hit on the head with rotten oranges.
Bounding fathers and mothers left us a mandate.
We've got to separate the church and the state.
So get your head straight before it's too late and you drop it in the plate.
You must appreciate Jesus and money.
Make a man speak in tongues, scream out his lungs.
Roll in the dung and when the song is sung, he moves up another rung.
And the deaf and the dumb are the ones who get stung.
Here come the sex police. They're at your bedroom door.
Moving in next door.
Searching from floor to floor.
You know what they're looking for.
Someone's always keeping score.
Every time you tick the oar.
Love isn't fun no more.
Love isn't fun no more.
Love isn't fun no more.
Love isn't fun no more.
Passion's Christ!
Come to the gospel.
Passion's Christ!
Come to the Easter.
Passion's Christ!
Come to the holy house.
Come to the Easter.
Passion's Christ! Come to the Easter.
Passion's Christ! Come to the Easter.
Passion's Christ! Come to the Easter.
Passion's Christ! Come to the Easter.
Passion's Christ! Come to the Easter.
Come to the Easter.
Let's get fundamental about this strange philosophy
in which God and man are enemies, in which there is no serenity.
Unless you have a little bit of reason to believe.
Believe precisely what they want you to believe
And no diversity
Come join the army and learn the noises
That drown out the other's voices
And please the devil who rejoices
When mankind has no choices
And power exploits us
And peace avoids us
Guess who to the rescue
On our holy mission
To uphold the tradition
Of the Spanish Inquisition
And create your decision
By forcing your confession
Now let that be a lesson
Who do you think you're messing with?
Who do you think you're messing with?
Flash is bright
Come to the rescue
Flash is bright
Come to the rescue
Flash is bright
Come to the rescue
You've been at all times
Here he comes
Flash is bright

Flash is bright
Come to the rescue
Flash is bright
Come to the rescue
Flash is bright
Come to the rescue
Because I believe in you
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
The dramatic advent of such fascinating objects
as those which were first called flying saucers
attracted the inevitable attention of those individuals
who let their imaginations run away with their veracity.
By 1950,
some of these characters
were beginning to spin their stories of fantastic conversations with alleged space people.
Some of them expanded the stories to include alleged rides in the UFOs.
Suddenly everything went black and I realized that I'd been cut off and shut off in a little tiny room
where nobody was listening to me.
And I was talking to this hot little plush felt red rubber tip microphone
and not hearing a thing and seeing only little tiny lights
and wondering why I was strapped to this chair
and put into the studio that seemed to be rotating very rapidly
with lights flashing off rhythmically.
And it was a small man with a swollen head and hideously deformed eyes
sitting behind the console pushing the buttons
while pencils of light and energy flashed across my body.
And I wondered why I was there and what did they want of me.
And I couldn't figure out why I was sitting there.
And they didn't say anything.
They just kept flashing those lights at me
and pumping those strange chemicals into me.
And the man with the funny head,
the leader,
the man with the strange grin and the pipe.
Well, I just want to know, do you want to be in the church or out of the church?
And where's your wallet?
The DC-9 pushed the button.
Yeah.
I didn't know that I'd been snatched up and it wasn't really a dream
until I saw these sacred nasal positions.
And suddenly it all came back to me.
And I realized that they'd stolen four and a half hours out of my life
when they put me in that tiny room and plugged all those wires into me
and made me do this.
And talk.
And talk.
It's only an hour and a half tonight, mister.
And talk.
Because you only paid for an hour and a half.
Friends and neighbors of planet Earth,
I come to you from a long, long ways off.
I come from a planet that is similar to yours.
Your many fears, tensions, and frustrations are no longer ours.
I hate them with all my heart.
They are inhuman and to be destroyed.
What is your objective?
You're an opera.
But we will still save you.
In your quest for self-destruction, you will send up more satellites.
And we will be there waiting to come again.
In the cycle to the moon, we're right.
And they came, one by one.
I'll be right here.
I'll be right here.
I was first contacted by...
a being from the planet Mars.
Now, this man was invisible to me,
except that he did cast a shadow in the moonlight.
By 1998, every normal, mediocrity, pink boy, admin, Trekkie, and hippie
is going to be trying to get on board with the good ship dogs.
Or they're going to fry along with everybody else when those aliens get here.
Of course, such a prophecy immediately arises our cynicism.
Is it possible that the end of the world will come in July 1999?
Perhaps...
Or is it just another of those prognostications which have haunted man through the ages?
Such a forewarning of ultimate doom could generally be dismissed out of hand.
But for the fact that many of Nostradamus' other prophecies have already been fulfilled.
But the only...
ones are coming back.
I'm going to let them through.
We are here.
Where are you from?
I don't like his feet.
Let me feed you a little pork.
He's trying to tell us something.
And Banjo...
And Birdie...
And Bob...
Good.
The tools of conquest do not necessarily come with Bob.
What you steal will happen.
We banished the
and the
and the
and the
and the
and the
and the

and the
and the
and the
and the
and the
scientifically magic implements. There'd be stalls of technology that would be too much for us to handle.
In one instant all the hangovers would disappear, along with all pollution and nuclear weapons.
But in return the human race will have to take on living machinery so complex that those it is peaceful.
The end result would be equivalent to letting toddlers play with a nuclear arsenal.
Bob, and not some conspiracy world government, must be there in a position of world leadership to explain humanity's behavior to the Exus in ways they can understand so they don't put us out of our misery with a snap of their cosmic finger like they did the dinosaurs.
The right people, us, must be the ones that the Exus make into superhuman overmen.
And even then things will be damn tough for the rest of the world.

And we'll have to wait and see what happens in this period, which is called the Time and Half Time.
The Exus have landed Earth's under their control
Dobbs' vision spans through the sky

The cities, radioactive holes
We don't know what their game is
But their name is unpronounceable
We don't know what they came for
But what they aim for
Is impossible
But is there not any peace
In the second year before the millennium of the day of God?
Come Wednesday, as in the twinkling of an eye, they will come among the Yakutism, which are like unto thy great white brothers.
They come as men, as grave and indigenous,
As a war and wind, and as a cloud, and they are now the heavens, working over thee.
The Exus have landed their machines
Following our tracks
Dobbs' vision stands proven
A world without slack.
A world without slack.

So, don't come up to me saying,
Oh Reverend Stang, I spent my thirty dollars, I went to the subgenius show, I saw all the preachings, heard all the bands, but I didn't get slack.
Where's my slack? Give me my slack.
My friend, if that's the way you're thinking, then you never heard anything Bob said.
You never understood a word he wrote in the book of the subgenius.
Because the day that we can sell you slack,
Is the day the conspiracy has won.
You make your own slack.
Bob is not the answer, but neither is anything else.
You must learn to think for yourself, but only Bob can show you how.
Question authority, or else, and
Mount them.
Can't take a joke.
Praise Bob.
Tell me somebody.
Good night.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Einstein, secret archer, grand.
Mildred, chef.
Beyond the soft.
If I don't get you no more in this world, I'll see you in the next one.
And don't be late.
Praise Bob.
Hey, guess what?
That website, when we...
Here's the entire result of being in Time Magazine
for Churches of Genius, okay?
Amazing thing.
We finally, we met in Time Magazine,
and our website's URL was...
Milk it, baby, milk it, milk it, baby.
The big result, the final end result was
our merchant credit card company
quit doing business with us.
Wow.
Having looked at the website and discovered
that there was, quote,
questionable material, unquote.
So, Jesus...
Fat naked people in a swimming pool at Brushwood?
Yeah, Jesus had to call up...
That is always questionable.
...a new bank.
We had to find a pornographer's bank
that would do anything for a buck.
Praise Bob and God bless.
Bless America,
where there's still people who do anything for a buck
and understand the values.
You're on the air with Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Oh, you were complaining about the One World Advertiser.
I think it's a fine little giveaway paper
I find on my doorstep.
Every day.
The One World Paperboy throws it in here.
Look, over here.
One Church of the Subgenius for sale.
What?
Yeah.
It's on page three of the One World Advertiser.
Underneath the garage sale listings and the lost kitties.
Well, the Church of the Subgenius has been willing to sell out for a long time.
It's in the shopper.
They haven't had any buyers yet.
Man, if you get it in the shopper, that means it's definitely going down.
Those guys, they're very anxious to jump the story,
as they say in those local news...
Market analysis summary.
The subgenius market is not restricted by age, gender, belief system,
or even international boundaries.
Anybody might be interested.
The majority of our members fall in males 18 to 25.
Above average intelligence.
Computer literate and somewhat rebellious.
That's not what this says.
It says almost free to good home.
And then tape jacks.
Sounds like a good profile of hackers who may have attacked the sites over the last few days.
I don't know if they got the profile.
They got, you know, John Douglas.
You mean they might all be in this together?
The same people that knocked down those sites?
Can you imagine the FBI profile?
I think no one called up Talk of the Nation today and claimed that they were in the same group.


The Church of the Subgenius had something to do with that.
Yeah.
Figures.
Wouldn't that be a funny joke?
As long as they spelled the name right in the newspaper.
Well, you know, it's funny, because back in 1982,
the world's first Macintosh virus was blamed on the Church of the Subgenius.
It was a lie.
A lie!
Because it was a peace message.
Well, that is the reason why the genetic spawn that you have from fornicating apples have ruined mankind.
And have...
That's why we have to leave.
...ruined our business structure, have ruined the social infrastructure and our cultural beliefs.
Look at what it's become!
It's, you know, it destroyed everything with that...
It's like the story of Para-Ubu, like the absurdity of mankind.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, it's like that!
Yeah, it's full of irony, like art and all that shit.
Yeah!
Yeah, art's got irony in it, and it's got, um, what's that other stuff?
Uh, luminin.
Torture.
Torture!
It's got luninum, torture, it's got irony, it's got, uh, what, it did a little, uh, vapor...
What are you talking, what are we talking about, the Earth or the society, or...
Greasy fried chicken.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, I got it.
What we don't like about it, what we can't stand about it.
No, we're talking about, you know, this right here, under...
These tubes of fried chicken, though, just aren't the same.
These ones?
Yeah.
Well, what do you have to compare them with, man?
You know, come on, come on, these are the only ones you're getting here.
I mean, to me, fried chicken wasn't something that you squeezed out of a tube.
Not in the old days.
To me, it was something that you, you know, you, you, that came in little nuggets, these
bite-sized nuggets.
Yeah.
You know, and you just, you had a handful of them, and you shoved them in, and they
had crispy stuff on them.
Yeah.
That's a chicken.
You could imagine them as, like, little deep fried products.
But, I mean, the stuff, they're coming out of tubes, that's just, that's not a real chicken.
Well, it does have a very, very chickeny rich smell, doesn't it?
Yeah, and, and, uh, tomatoes, these, this, this, this stuff in the tube, tomatoes didn't
come out of a tube.
I remember tomatoes were these perfect, hard things.
Yeah.
That, that were always, that always were really shiny.
Right.
Well, they were really just round tubes.
They didn't have any taste.
They were round tubes with no taste.
Yeah.
But those were real, and chickens, remember chickens, they were these boneless creatures
that were, had their feet grown into the cage.
Boneless tubes.

Yeah, real chickens.
They had no heads, they were cloned, and that's the way chicken was meant to taste, rich and
greasy like mom used to make.
It's like, this modern, they have, this so-called progress has, I think, in some ways, yes,
I dare to say it, it is taking us, yes, backwards.
Oh, we agree.
Backwards, not forwards.
Don't we, Chas?
Agree completely?
We're revolutionists.
It's almost like, it's almost as if.
21st century, daddy-o.
Come on.
This is just now occurring to me.
Well, look, here, put it together.
The evolution.
The internet, the internet has been attacked, so people are unhappy with the future world.
Soon the infrastructure will fall.
Oh, just, just a few, a few, and this is happening.
And the ratings have come in, and the oldies music station.
The radio station in town here that plays oldies music from the 50s and the 60s, a much
simpler time.
Yeah, you could, you could, it's like.
When we could kill students in the campuses.
Right.
And get away with it.
Yeah.
Um, but.
Yeah, they might be.
The oldies station is the number one station by far in the ratings.
So people are listening to oldies music, attacking websites, and, uh, you know, what else is happening?
You know.
Oh, dear friends, I'll tell you what's happening.
Credits.
Credits are happening.
Uh, what we heard from the very beginning.

Of show was show from KPFA in Berkeley, puzzling evidence and Dr. Howell, uh, bits and pieces
there.
Um, some, some Bob lines.
We've been listening to clips from the double X day, 1999 D Vival at Brushwood.
Uh, that's a new CD.
X day 99 D Vival is a new CD.
And I've been playing little bits and pieces that with Einstein secret orchestra in the
background.
And you're truly preaching.
And of course we've been hearing lots of the, uh, ESO radio show.
Einstein secret orchestra, swamp radio out of WCSB in Cleveland, which is, um, essentially
where I'm producing the show.
But although I'm not going into the studio yet and doing that, I go into the studio for
Chaz's show on Thursday nights and you can call in at WCSB, uh, in Cleveland, uh, at
lonesome cowboy day.
Five.
Yes.
The mighty Dave.
Uh, keeping us all off track.
Uh, don't you see?
And, uh, fascist Christ was the name of that song by Todd Rundgren from his no world order
album.
Remember that?
Uh, Oh, the Danish or Norwegian song.
His talking prayer is by me.
Thought time.
And the music that you're hearing in the background is amorphous.
Amorphous.
Uh, friends.
And what we've heard quite a bit of is the old subgenius media barrage number 11, uh,
with the UFOs collage, where we heard a G Gordon Gordon in space, a lot of collage from
me and Doug Wellman of puzzling evidence and Byron Werner.
Who has a new show on internet radio.
Check out luxuriamusic.com.
One word luxuriamusic, luxuriamusic.com.
Uh, and a buck naked, the former subgenius preacher.
He disavowed the church.
He found a new, another religion, some rival cult.
He won't tell us what it is.
Uh, doing the excess have landed.
Also off the old media barrage number 11 and friends.
Hey, yes.
I'm going to be a little more serious.
I don't know what I want to say, but I'm going to be.
I'm going to be.

So I'm going to be.
Okay.
See you guys.
I'll see you guys.
Bye bye.

Bye.
Bye.














I'm not a human, son
It's a sound, not a voice
It's insensical
Turn yourself on
And build yourself up
Who'll be fresh?
Who'll be fresh?
I have been lost
This occasion
What a thing, what a thing
They turn into one in a minute
Oh, oh, oh
A.R.S.
To the word they pledge
It's insensical
To the word they pledge
To the word they pledge
I see you talking
But I still can't hear
Like a box of glass
Poking up my ears
Turn off the charm
And pray on your ears
Who'll be fresh?
Who'll be fresh?
Who'll be fresh?
The earth is always
fresh
But I just won't
stay



I'd always
foolish
But I just won't
stay
Queer
Deceived
Rejected
Deceived
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
this and anybody who hears it is deep
program loaded is deprogrammed that's the
deal man we're trying to program you know
that's right okay I would never to
change there are you guys aware about
the Pokemon craze where they're bringing
back the pokeballs the pokeballs yeah
they're very commercial they're on now
requesting that you return the Pokemon
ball oh yeah that's true pokeballs
effects gotta go did you know they're
gonna send them home or not the
visas are it's over that's the Pokemon
themselves are the mind control devices
we need a perfect marketing point that
the children by these they keep them
long enough and the the tones that
emanate from them help to take over
their minds and when they return the
ball they think that this music is the
antidote yes music this show is the
antidote a program always comedy I would
I would certainly
hope
every dollar program this show and this
minute already explored that I did the
conspiracy of Pokemon I always do know
it's my house and try and get the
message people that the pokeball is not
the problem it's simply the poke fun
just tell them to listen in the show I
try I can't read my house hello I love
goddess and at least keeps me in the
house all right well the button he says
hello I'm Elise okay and we're gonna
yeah now okay if Pokemon is the
Antichrist okay we'll talk about that
then our Savior must be the rastaman
right oh the Pokemon is the rastaman oh
oh my god man it's getting too confusing
me now the Antichrist is the Christ too I
wanted to hear more about the love
connection here with this oh well the
caller got on him but he's got his own
love goddess of carlo I don't like the
other way around goddess has him right
right well his it won't let him out but
he can tell he kind of likes it yeah he
kind of prefers being kept well I think I
think he's been shrunk down and she
uses him in yeah that's what yeah right
that's what the shadow say I was going
down to about 14 inches tall yeah dig
that baby daddy oh he person keeps him
in like a little you know one of those
like I dream of genie homes yeah it's
funny in a little fall man I was you
know about as you drove away in fact
princess we who's recovering from a
trepanation operation tonight and I
were discussing Tinkerbell and like it's
exactly okay your Bella and liquid
latex do anything but kind of get you in
the direction and you'd have to take
care of finishing you know dousing her
but yeah we'd like to latex and princess
we pointed out well but she'd be great
for girls those wings probably yeah
flicker and flutter and flutter and
flat you mean like if you was to flip
the wings or if the wings were to flip
you
well I don't know how to find out how it
works
I guess I guess how's me and Tinkerbell
is gonna have to have a little talk now
won't we I have never had a
fornication al scene with a person with
wings a fairy I said yeah I was a fairy
till it was my turn or something no what
if you said but what if you turn but
what if a little fair maiden were to use
a fairy in this way in this first for a
sexual satisfaction
and actually I inserted a fury
instead oh man now very is an evil fairy
bad bad know if you're is you want to
one unleash the furious in the ferries
don't cut them dozen miss corruption in
everything and fairly azure is can look
like fairies when they want to go thin
they had an immigrant master and you
like tociasur freaking me out
it's got Stuffier in my hair is a really
old I than MOS i wrote about the furies
and stuff yeah and oh those in Odyssey the ways to lightHair one's a items we sugar and stuff the very marry clubs in Odyssey the furious and stuff yeah and those in Odyssey the furious one dares in taxpayers not to even what makes the fairies are really old I was a most i wrote about the furries and stuff in those aodorian odds 위한 Oh very scary I can't really get a gender we don't need some respect what does it get it you're rolling on you know Im Etamaker I
Yeah.
Right.
The fairies.
They're bad fairies.
Bad.
But what about the...
They're like from the dark side.
What about the fates?
They're little Darth Vaders.
What if the fates won't speak to us?
They're like those wings.
What if, like, the fates turn their back on us?
Like, we want to talk to one of the muses...
The fates are neutral.
They're like Switzerland.
Huh?
Well, the fates are neutral.
They're like Switzerland.
They're just the messengers.
Here, buddy.
Good at banking and stuff.
This is the way it's going to be.
Heroin addicts.
Yeah.
That's the fates.
Swiss.
The cheese...
And the fairies are cool.
You know, the fairies, you get good peanut butter.
You know?
They should.
I mean, if that was in the job description, at least, I'd want to go for it.
What do fairies have to do with peanut butter?
You're losing, man.
I was following it.
Or unionism.
Peanut butter.
Man, come on.
I thought we were talking about, you know, Tinkerbell.
I thought we were talking about, you know, workers' rights and stuff, man.
I thought we were talking about how good-looking Tinkerbell was in that little outfit.
That's where we started.
Covered in peanut butter, man.
Imagine licking that peanut butter off.
Oh, we better stop talking about...
Sex with Tinkerbell.
Oh, my God.
Look down in the basement.
Sex?
What do you mean?
I was talking about having dinner with Tinkerbell.
Oh, my God.
That's not...
She would probably taste like chicken.
I was...
You know, it's today.
It's modern morality.
I'm shrinking.
I was watching that South Park movie.
It was a big hit movie last year.
I finally had a chance to rent it.
I rented it.
And was watching that movie.
And in the first ten minutes, I thought...
Jesus.
Now, what if...
If an old man like me heard it while I hear this is a famous big movie.
Everybody's going to see it.
It's the biggest hit movie.
I'm going to go see it.
He goes and watches people standing in line.
He watches people standing in line.
Actually, I thought it was a hilarious movie.
I loved it.
I thought it was great.
Brilliant.
Wish I'd thought of it.
But...
To another old man like myself, he'd walk in there and he'd go,
They're lining up and paying $10 a ticket to watch stick figures say...
Stick.
Man.
Which is...
It's stick figures talking dirt.
Let's go back to Tinkerbell.
Saying four letter...
What a Sunday afternoon for the family.
...and Alice in Wonderland.
On the basis, on the face of it, it's stick figures cussing.
What has this world devolved down into?
That's just motion pictures.
I told you they wouldn't last.
That's why they last?
A hundred years ago, I told you...
Motion pictures are transitional.
Yeah, it's just a fad.
Movement is transitional, Daddy-o.
I mean, just think of it, man.
I don't know what it's coming to now.
So the fad is coming to an end.
Pretty soon, we'll all be still as doorknobs.

You know what I'm saying?
It's going...
Movies are going...
Movies...
Movement is transitional.
The fad of movement...
The fad of movement...
Movement is a fad, man.
Just think of it.
We're all going to be still as a...
You know, it is a transitional, ephemeral fad compared to the amount of time...
We spend still.
...during which there has been no movement.
Before we was born and after we was dead.
But when there is no movement, is there time?
If there's nothing, no duration across which an event occurs, can one say that time has passed?
Well, we would only say that time can only last.

It could be measured.
The fads of movement...
But I can always tell you when the gas has been passed around the studio.
Or at least change of some kind.
If there's no movement...
Or on the road.
The inert gas?
...no change, then...
Someone has been passing inert gases on the road again, and I don't think it's Fermi or
Albert Einstein.
I don't like...
If you fart in your car and no one else smells it, did you really fart?
I wonder if Einstein thought about that.
But if there's five bandmates in a van and somebody farts, then you say fart on the air.
Hey, everybody.
Guess what time it is.
Time for fun.
Time for fun.
So, everybody...
Join in and have some fun.
My name is Hemaroy Rogers and these are my Roy toys.
We hope that you have had some fun.
We know that we sure did.
My name is Hemaroy Rogers and these are my Roy toys.
We hope that you have had some fun.




So we think that's not fun.
Hey everybody, come on, have some fun!
My name is Nimaroy Rogers, and these are my roys, boys.
I think that it would be fun to kill them all today.
I'm gonna kill them all with my bare hands.
People are impacted.
People have to get past it, you're right.
We have to grow up and move on and eat our Popeye's spinach.
Yes, a huge mass, looking almost like a detached beard, right?
A huge dripping handful of seaweed, always when Popeye pulled it down.
Uncooked, out of the can, and dropped it into his toothless mouth,
and his huge, bulgurous jaw would chew it.
And the Adam's apple prominently distend, as the work of alimentation was robustly caricatured.
Finally, the morphological muscular elongation with pictorial iconic accompaniment,
together with the mechanization or superhuman function of the body,
the fight,
the syndrome,
is begun, and of course the familiar musical accompaniment that we all know.
What is this?
It's the dissolution of the Mapes Hotel in Reno, Nevada.
It's the death of Bob Squire, the master of political imagery.
What was that again, Squire?
Bob Squire died this week.
The resurrection process has an unfortunate...
Oh, also, yeah, we did want to bring up, what we wanted to tell you was all the lines of all the movies,
so you don't have any bad surprises when you go see the movies.
Don't I told you not to tell me?
Things like the blonde did it.
Not to play that song.
All of the cells in your body will stop.
Or the person you think did it, did it.
A kind of organic stare.
Or all the passengers did it.
Or he puts her on the plane.
He dies on the bus.
He dies in the freezing water.
She falls from the bell tower.
She shoots him in the paper.
Oh my goodness.
This is confusing.
It's like Thorazin.
He cuts off his genitals.
The stab, this dwarf stabs him.
Ouch.
His mom has been hypnotized.
Hey, don't say nothing about my mama.
He turns to the doctor.






He turns back into a half-wit.
That's my favorite.
How about a three-quarters wit?
He blows up the bridge.
He drives off the bridge.
He pushes the man off the cliff.
They drive into the Grand Canyon.
She wasn't really dead.
He wasn't really dead.
Don't look under the bed.
Don't look under the bed.
That's on the Disney Channel.
Top of the world, Ma.
What's that from?
Top of the world.
That's to the end of White Heat with James Cagney.
He blows up the giant refinery tank that he's standing on top of.
Yep.
The jigger is on the top of the world.



The gigolo gets the motel.
The hooker gets the millionaire.
Kevin Spacey gets his.
Glenn Close gets hers.
Uh-oh, we're in space, you know.
Where no one can hear you squee-ee-e-e-e-eil.
In the eternal silences of infinite space.
.
It's the gods and monsters show.
It's all wet and damp and squelchy and swampy and sloppy.
Like the bathroom at Cafe This.
And the rain drips from the branches.
Oh, thanks.
Now the pralines are here and they just dump them off next to the bus in the back.
The station's full of them.
One ton o' pralines.
And they're rather sugary.
And up there goes a little Rice Krispies.
Just put out a loot.
Boys, aren't you being just a little bit silly?
That's Dr. Howell and Buzzing Evidence on the KPFA show.
A particular one from January 27th of the year 2000.
Before that, Hemeroy Rogers, the tail end of his CD, which you can find on mp3.com.
You can order that CD.
That's mp3.com.
You can buy it through mp3.com.
And I think...
He didn't put it on this letter.
What does he think I am, a genius?
This is the church of the subgenius.
It's...
But it's Hemer...
I believe it's something like...
You go to the mp3.com and just, you know, search for Hemeroy Rogers.
And his roid boys.
And, of course, Einstein.
Einstein's secret orchestra.
Where we never shut up.
But, but, but, friends.
Actually, we should have scary music.
But, because they're scary...
These are the predictions for the coming years.
Monsters like unto men will be around thee all about.
And shall wait thee to look past the door which should be locked.
And thy sciences will terrify thee and bring thee naught but devils.
For thine spirit is locked away inside the white stone.
Which my angels saw grew from space.
Which is the vessel of all that is nerd.
And even now I shall feed science in the heaven and science in the earth.
Blood belches from the earth.
My lights in the sky rebuke thee.
The children of heaven and the angels from hell are among thee spreading lies and deception.
They turn not as they go.
They...
We're tired of your phony fireworks.
Blasel, you have earned this!
Yeah!
They do it their way.
As the mutants move, that leaps Tibetan Tiger Man.
What about, uh, what about this, uh, reputed, uh, Jesus Starfleet that was, uh, supposed to, uh,
have shown up?
As you see, they have just left the hangar deck at Lunar Central and have cleared the airlocks into the colony.
The crowd of scientists and technicians are going wild.
What a space ovation!
Now let's feel an upper!
And now in celebration of this great occasion we have planned a lunar party.
We hope all young people throughout the solar system will join us in celebration of this great day in outer space.
Bob?
Late that Saturday night before retiring, I took out the snapshot picture of the sailor and studied it until I could close my eyes and see this man's face as though he was standing in front of me.
It's Bob!
I love you!
Bob loves you!
Bob loves you!

Bob loves you!
And he's flying in success!
And my friends, professional!
And Nina loves you!
I'm gonna see them again and again!
Is that, is that before or after the Bob pills?
The arrival of a space ship in Washington.
The rumors of invading armies and mass destruction are based on hysteria and are absolutely false.
Enjoy!
Enjoy!
Enjoy!
Enjoy!
Enjoy both!
Enjoy both!
Enjoy both!
Enjoy both!
Enjoy both!
Enjoy both!
Enjoy both!

















Enjoy the two!


I'm coming with advanced knowledge.
To help human race.
Do the walking and Bob do the talking.
Bob's my friend and he's leading me somewhere.
Where are you leading us, Bob?
What is waiting there for me?
Bob can stop the aliens from killing me.
Bob can save me, but will he?
Don't count on it, Buck.
Bobby, Bobby, Bobby, Bobby, Bobby, Bobby, Bobby, Bobby.
Dobbsy, Dobbsy, Dobbsy, Dobbsy, Dobbs.
What is waiting there?
What is waiting there for me?
Bob.
Don't count on it, Buck.
Friend, the elder gods have been sleeping, but they're waking up.
And you've got to find that word of Bob before...
Friends, you've got to get on it.
You've got to get on it.
And it's on...
I'm going to give you the address to get on to.
Friends, you can write to Bob and find out...
To get free information about the Church of the Subgenius, go ahead.
Send that self-addressed stamped envelope to...
That post office box...
807 Glen Rose, Texas 76043.
You know, I've been saying that address for 15 years on the radio.
Praise Bob and hail Connie.
But friends, www.subgenius.com is always the thing to do.
And this in the background is the Flying Ryan Brothers...
With their...
Lovely tune, Captain Nemo.
From their album, Colorama.
At Ryanetics.com.
Dear friends, I...
I'll see you next week.
I'll see you next week.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Thank you.
We'll see you all next week.
... after that game and poking each other's eyes out.
March 3rd, Friday night, you put taverns.
The large ones keep coming and keep coming.
You'll make up your own mind.
On the map, it says that they're coming down from Canada,
and much in the same way they went back years and years before.
The reflux is, as we see up here, quite an invertebrate matter,
and as we're all shrinking back to the invertebrate form,
we're going to enjoy these little dips into the cold and back into the warm again.
Tanya, what's next as far as the evolution?
... evolutionary parade.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
...
And friends, that's Post Office Box 807, Glen Rose, Texas, 76043.
That's where you can write for free information or contact us.
And of course, subgenius.com leads to everything else you need to know.
All the Facebook pages, all the email addresses, everything.
