Well, Mary access lessness mess
Come on give up a dollar for Jesus a dollar for Jesus
Okay, first any more quarters any more dollars don't crowd it don't crowd in help the guy okay first
First help a man preach a hand to the first one by one of these here miracles
I'll tell you what who to me the first one to buy one of these here machine. Thank you, sir
There goes the first sale folks next sale who'll be the next one to buy one of these here miracles. Oh
Yes, send all your money
Yeah, it's a pipe all right
Yeah
Morgan
The Sun will become dark the moon blood red the stars of the heavens will fall
There'll be two major earthlings that are going to be coming the islands and the mountains are shaken out of their sockets and the second
One no Island no mountain was found in the face of the earth
It's all coming
Yes, I'm ready now
Then close your eyes
Tap your views together three times
and
Think to yourself
There's no place like Bob you mean us
Sure
Gee well, I don't want to get in trouble
But you said your mom's out shopping yeah
But what if Wally came in and caught us?
He's out playing basketball and if there's no one here to catch us
Then it's all right to do it
But we don't have any smoke stuff
Here we have
And a feet core of impudent snobs, I don't know if they even listen to this show
genius
a
block
Ava
That was a pop you don't want your pops and your
clicks in your recording sequence because the bob can cause a high point or a peak as we call it
and a click stands to signal a service interruption and a cuss word requires an edit for
the broadcast version and it's recorded down in hell by the recording imps yes ladies and gentlemen
from this point forward we are going to bob the cast here next day 12 to enter these recorded
sounds into the eternal record of this great event for through experience of this great event in arms
not worse in foresight much advanced we
may
with more successful hope resolve to wage by force and three
fills out the werdebragian
gaia eternal war against uh
the body of the holy order to be Peter gave fert his energy

impostor
other elements of what he has the system
of which we see I had to
reacting to
not against
a remember

should be
just
I'm
Jack

there
as you'd like to say
amy
circumstance. And also don't forget to careful we might need that arrow to
fight for our lives. Yes you can't let the old arrow get out of trim or dull
since it may be needed to be brought into play at any moment against the
dragon of reaction. That old dragon underground in straighter limits bound
not half so far casts his usurped sway and wrath to see his kingdom fail
swingers the scaly horror of his folded tail. Now you know the oracles will end
there will be no more noise no more loud chatter overwhelming the signal down
here on earth base one.
As the energy fields of the approaching saucers dampen all other communication.
And what appears to be the normal tide of conspiracy broadcast is actually the
backwash or the echo in the heads which have been long trained to carry on on
their own in case of such a starry synecdoche. But we being on or anti
progress.
Remd again here our own channels.
Our own eternally recurrent reality show.
If only we could get the sitcoms up again what work it would be for gaffers
goofers lighting experts and other electricians.
In just a few days.
In a few days we'll be aboard these escape vessels.
For very air it's so scary.


The internet itself is the computer and the internet that serves you and when you want
a hamburger a hamburger materializes in your hand email out of the ethers.
And yet I spent the last week paying for cable motors.
But what if I'm worried about.
Oh I've got to make sure that all the hours of slack are available for the radio station.
Yeah it does.
All the world is handy.
My God how can we be lost in this.
Show them about the internet.
I'm a little sympathy kid.
Silly trivial things when the grandness of a whole new universe.
The whole universe is laid before us barren and bare naked.
And we're going to get to crawl all over it.
Well that's.
You're worried about it the damn.
And I'm sitting here fretting about whether.
The CD's in the case or something.
Or not.
As if as if I gave a hoot about it.
This is what it's going to sound like in space.
My spaceship.
I'm the freak.
I'm the freak.

I'm the freak.









I'm the freak.


And we're going to get to crawl all over it.

We're going to get to crawl all over it as well.
This is just not going to happen.
But at least we're going to be able to get to it.

I'm going to try.





Emily go.
Oh that was the sound of the noisy spaceship of the late great professor Chas Smith from
his WCSB swamp radio show some years back.
And this now is the sound of hour of slack number 1216.
Our 12x day July 5th 7am special.
There will be various other sounds, such as the puzzling evidence show clip we heard earlier, and bits of the great movie of the great book Wise Blood, and nice stretches of live hour slack with Dr. Howell and Priestess Pisces recorded at Tarzan's subgenius rascals radio station on the Brushwood main stage, and music from 12X Day.
But half of this episode, the halves that sound like they're outdoors in the cold, cold wind, are from the little Zephodian recorder that was in my preaching jacket pocket during the morning of July 5th, the coldest July 5th dawn in recorded history, complete with comments from the peanut gallery, as heard here.
John David Stangerson gonna be on the jack off like last year, is it?
And the year before that, and the year before that, and the year before that.
I know that you've got your hands in your pocket.
I like what I feel.
Maybe that's it, that's all we have to do.
Oh Bob, please come. Oh Bob, please come.
If we knew what would make Bob come, we'd be Connie.
Could it be that somewhere on some dirt road near Sherman, there's an exospec ship, Meyer, you and your mom.
That's a good excuse.
Because it doesn't have a real drive.
I'm out with this horse and buggy.
This earth weather, we weren't expecting.
We've listened to this weather for 7am every single time.
It's a motor max though.
It never snowed, we didn't have earthquakes.
Wait a minute, we were supposed to have earthquakes.
Firestorms, what a firestorm we feel real good about now.
A super volcano in Yosemite would be great.
What could possibly go wrong?
Maybe an asteroid hitting the ocean somewhere, superheating the atmosphere.
Mmm.
I wish we knew how to turn that thing on.
Death race.
Yeah, those are supposed to be real hard.
It's the end of the world man.
Fire in the fire room, the students are engaged, and the gun will never hire in the combat site.
And the western coming in a hurry with the fury's breathing down your neck.
And, Kenya.org.
It's the end of the world as we know it.
We're bringing it to you tonight.
Five hours of the end of the world.
Because there's a little known obscure cult.
It's called the Church of the Subgenius.
They're friends of mine.
I'm not sure why.
I don't want to ever see them again.
So, the end of the world takes them away.
Poof, they're gone.
On July 5th.
If you have not gotten your wristbands, you must do so immediately.
Or face the consequences.
I don't like peeling the label off of a mattress.
It is much worse than peeling the label off of a mattress.
And we have to get these little bands so that we can be tracked by, uh,
Stats.
And if you haven't gotten your little band,
Your special bracelet.
You should look behind you towards the back of the arena.
And there is the band table where you can receive your little band.
Being displayed by Princess We back there.
Yes, modeled by Princess We back there.
Please pick up your band.
If you do not have it, then other people who aren't friendly and don't know you might think that they should have to do horrible things to you.
Because you're not marked appropriately.
Uh, the band, of course, is also a negative reinforcement electro-stimulo-
It is the electro-stimulo-negative reinforcement bracelet.
Yeah, if you try to leave, your hand will fall off.
It'll blacken first.
Yeah, yeah, it gives you a chance. It's not like, it's not like you're instantly gonna lose your hand.
If you hold it up against the light, you can see little wisps of smoke coming from under the fingernails.
And then almost immediately, it's sort of a blackery.
A blackery, blackening and, and what do you get? They call it, oh yes, a loathsome and detestable putrescence.
As a mass of liquid, your hand drips off the end of your arm.
What is the delay on it? It's like maybe 20 minutes? Long enough for you to go get to a, get your supplies.
And then it will reset since it knows you're getting supplies and then you come back.
Right. If you go into town to buy beer, don't go.
You'll probably have a dog or you'll probably have permanent scars.
Although the things are timed to stop working on July 5th at 7.15 a.m.
The tendrils of ectoplasm just won't carry on that day.
We should have programmed for 7 a.m.
What are we programming for?
7.15, I wasn't thinking.
Well, so what? Who cares if some lazy slobs are trying to get some last hamburger?
Hmm.
Crazy people would set their end of the world at 7 a.m.
It was only $6.
On a Sunday yet.
Yes.
I see some people are taking a suck on Bob's pole, Bob's stripey pole.
Who's brave enough to drink his blood?
What did that hat doctor dark have?
Eight minutes to go!
What have you got hidden under that?
Yay!
Eight minutes of Earth oxygen left to breathe.
Oh, did I mention they don't have air aboard those things?
Hmm.
It doesn't count for a blood roll.
Sad, Dad.
Ugh.
I get AC in the saucer.
We had to pay extra for that, didn't we?
There's endless speculation as to what do we have to do right to make the X's show up?
Have more home video cameras? Could that do it?
Did everybody not have sex like we instructed you to?
You instructed us to do that? I thought I was being creative.
Well, that was the idea.
Somebody suggested, well, maybe the subgeniuses aren't, you know, acting sexy enough like our ads all suggest.
And so the idea was if I tell everybody not to have sex, of course, that's the only way to actually get them to have sex.
Reverse psychology.
Yeah.
I was wondering what that squishy, crunching thing was when I was crossing the field. Now I know. Thanks.
A used furry squid, heartlessly slung aside.
I know. They forgot to de-beak it, that's all I'm saying.
Got only six minutes to go.
I've got butterflies in my stomach.
Oh, wait, no, those are those crickets from that pinata.
I knew I shouldn't have eaten so many of them.
About a half an hour ago.
I'm not gonna get any of it.
Okay, we smashed the pinata. We hung Bob from the rafters over there.
We made coffee. We, uh, some people stayed up all night.
What do they want us to do?
It's the show, it's the end of the world on the 5th, by the way. That was the whole point of all this X-Day stuff.
People are gathering in Elm State, New York.
For no good reason.
And looking at the sky, hoping some big cardboard pleasure sausage comes and picks them up.
I was there on the first X-Day and there was a big X in the sky.
Hey, now, you know what's really weird? I was not there for the first X-Day. I was out in the desert.
You can look at it on YouTube on my channel, it's Puzzling Evidence TV.
And you can see the, uh, what we did for X-Day.
It was all guns and propane.
But, uh, weirdly enough, right at the time it was on the TV, I was there.
And it would have been the X at the first X-Day that you saw.
I, I kid you not, there was an X in the sky over the western U.S. too.
Wow.
It was very strange.
That's strange.
And if I wasn't so tired, I would have taken a picture.
Ah.
But I was exhausted. We'd been up all night shooting at aliens, trying to stave off the end of the world.
I guess we were successful. We can't really look out for it.
And then there was the year Pastor Pressure tried to float a giant, heavy, wooden flying saucer using helium balloons.
And all it did was crash and burn.
Wooden helium balloons?
One year there was a giant inflatable sheep that, a fuck sheep, that was, uh, that did inflate and rise.
Tried to shoot it down with potato guns, remember?
Yeah, yeah, we had to shoot it with potato guns to get to, to down that, uh, sex vessel.
What's the difference between people and animals?
And...
What do you mean you people?
I had a sheep...
Well, it was the last year or the year before.
I had a sheep and I didn't have any...
Some hippie set off those lanterns that float.
Oh, yeah.
You know, just the hot, little hot air, miniature hot air balloons.
What do you think, was the entrance a hundred miles away?
Oh, man. Oh, people were...
It was at night and people came rushing out of the amino acids concert going,
Oh my God! Oh, I've never seen anything like that!
And I've got an embarrassing picture of Mr. Sister going,
I've been around for 55 years and I've never seen anything like that.
And I had to go, well, keep watching.
Well maybe you didn't want to see what our goal in America's football club.






Yeah.
I mean, obviously the university is and is not grave property.
I mean, it's totally big, you know.

Anyway, put a needle...
Agh!
Amino disrespect.
No, no.
Oh.
No, we like them.
We do.
The amino acids.
The amino acids.
And Sunday, July 5th, of course, the rupture should occur.
Now, kids, you know, on Sunday morning at 7 a.m., July 5th, it's going to be pretty exciting.
And you'll, you know, be enjoying your new body if you decide to.
You want it.
Maybe there'll be time for one last cup of coffee.
But take a little time before then to think about what you might want to save from old planet Earth.
You know, I already have dibs on most of the world's museums.
Great museums and several zoos.
And the Grand Canyon.
And Yosemite National Park, which I'm going to use as a weapon.
But the plastic dinosaur warehouse outside Las Vegas, Nevada.
That I've got.
Hal has the dinosaur warehouse.
I have the karst structures.
You're not allowed to visit that, you know.
I have brushwood.
But just because I know the owners are going to forget, they're dudes paying subgeniuses.
But they don't take this stuff that seriously, necessarily.
They may forget to save this lovely piece of land.
So as soon as I rupture this up, I'll hand it over to the Barneys and the Guzmans.
Praise them, by the way, for continuing to let us do this.
No matter what.
Well, actually, there have been a few little conditions.
We subgeniuses are no longer allowed to use fireworks after that explosion.
Or those explosions.
Those several times.
Several times.
And we don't allow any bands using the name date rapists in the hot tub.
What, somebody made a crop circle with a lawnmower over there?
Well, don't believe the Grays.
They're not exes.
They're flying saucers.
Crash.
They make the kind that go wobbly and crash in New Mexico.
They're pathetic.
And they look like weather balloons if you look at them real close.
I just have to have a really, really loud...
I have to have a loud enough orgasm to reach that side of the field.
And I don't think I can do that.
Will you put a drink of what you want your cult members to drink?
I've got a whole...
He's got your drink.
Oh, he's got his.
Yeah, man.
He's got his drink.
Huh?
I need females.
All females I can get.
Mars needs women.
Okay, we need to get them to remember where we are.
So what I want you to do is to yell like this.
Yes, come!
Yes, come, yes!
Ready?
Yes, come!
Yes, come!
Yes!
Keep going.
Yes, come.
Yes, come!
Yes, come!

Yes, come!
Yes, come!
Yes, come!
That should get some attention.
Six fifty eight!
Okay, so that should...
I think that'll sit in there for a while.
I hope it works for something.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm gonna feel like a fucking maniac.
Stop it.
It's all going to burn, Doctor.
Doesn't that feel good knowing that this is the year?
It's all...
I really, I really believe it.
Well, no, they...
Maybe the...
It's getting harder and harder to believe.
The ashes can be in themselves the genesis of...
a new form of existence.
Ashes du ashes.
The...
Asses da asses, butts da butts.
For example, those who are familiar with the work of the alchemist Borelis, remember what he wrote in...
Borelis?
Arialis?
No, this was Giovanni di Borelli, who was Latinized to Borelis, but his specialty was
palinogenesis, or resuscitation from the ashes.
For a flower once burned could be, by his method, restored from the ashes.
Wow.
All the frop we've ever consumed could come back.
Have you ever thought about that?
All the things you ingested, how large a mass...
Yes, this huge towering pile of all the meat that you've ever eaten, which will confront
you one day.
But on the other hand, there are other things that you'll be more happy with.
Chocolate.
All the poop.
All the poop will come back.
All the poop.










No, no, no, that's going out, it's supposed to come back in.
Oh, no, no, it's like I never get what I wish for.
I wish for the chocolate, I know I'll get the poop.
But I'll think it's a chocolate, that's the main part.
One embraces the other.
One hand what?
As far as the equation of the chocolate and the poop are concerned.
I was trying to find the lyrics to that bluegrass spiritual I did.
Chocolate rain.
But it was about Bob and I can't find it.
There's one, there's one, there's one, there's an alien behind you.
Well, it's just a gray, it's not an exit.
Even the gray is, you know, a hoping for the world.
Yes, the rightness, the roundness, the firmness and fullness of the full development of time.
Time hath endless rarities and shows us that the world is not a place of the dead.

But it is a place of all varieties, which revealeth all things in heaven,
maketh new discoveries in earth, and even earth itself a discovery.
That great antiquity, America, lay in the earth a thousand years,
and a large part of the earth is still in the urn unto us.
Now, in your brochures that we give out,
you find the poem, The Night Before X Day, by Pope David Lee Black.
Which is your study assignment for the evening.
A bundle of sex toys he had in his pack.
Oh man, I knew better than to show him my back.
His eyes, how bloodshot, his nose, how hairy.
His breath smelled of whiskey, his demeanor was scary.
He drooled from his mouth and was white as the snow,
except for the black dots on his chin.
He was a one-man show.
The stump of a pipe he held tight.
He was tight in his teeth, and the froth-smoke had encircled his head like a wreath.
He had a dotted face like it had been punctured with quills.
He was obviously high on a multitude of pills.
He was loaded and drunk, a right jolly old elf,
a narcissistic bastard stuck on himself.
With water in his eye and a twist of his head,
Oh shit, I said to myself, I started to dread.
He bagged the whole thing, but went straight to his work,
taking all of my frat booze and money, what a jerk,
and laying his stinky finger aside of his nose,
and giving a nod out the tent flaps he rose.
He sprang to the Chevy to his team gave whip,
and away they all flew to an awaking spaceship.
As he drove out of sight, as I screamed, motherfucker,
he said, thanks for the money, see you next year, sucker.
Heh heh heh heh, that's a joke.
Heh heh heh heh, hee-oh.
Ahem, ahem, hee-ha, ah-ho.
And I thought my jokes were bad.
Three minutes, three minutes of cold feet.
Did you adjust for daylight savings time?
Three minutes left of shivering, I'm sure they have climate control aboard those things.
I mean, you know, they have the technology to destroy or create planets.
You'd think they'd have AC and heat.
God, I'm glad I brought extra shoes.
It's only one thing.
Now, someone, somebody here is the FBI agent that always has to watch these things.
You know, out of a token gesture.
What if they weren't here when they all committed suicide?
I'm sure that's Bucky.
Huh?
That's Bucky.
He's Canadian.
He's the first one I've actually been to.
That's Bucky.
That's bullshit.
No, they, somebody told me they draw straws.
Okay, we better.
Oh, fuck, only one minute.
Now, I don't have a second hand on this thing.
Rock solid alibis.
Who has a second hand on their watch?
I'm sure Modem has.
Anybody?
Walking around naked.
Oh, I can fake it.
Count down the remaining.
I'll say it's about one minute to go here.
It's a little creepy, actually, that.
One minute.
One minute!
Is it, what?
We're on 20 seconds over here, Asher.
Who's the time keeper?
Who is the, we always put it to the last minute to decide that.
Closest person with an actual clock.
That's a conspiracy time.
What have we got?
Ten seconds.
Oh my God.
What?
In New York.
In New York?
It's 7 AM!
Yeah!
It's 7 AM!
It's fucking.
Fuck them, it's so scary.
Oh.
Oh.
Ah.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.




Oh.
Oh.

Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
create as if unlike anything you want on your heart desire you can have just by nearly uh you
can shake the keys and i can show it all off to my buddies who also bought some genius membership
cards you can take you can show off any of your battles you can hang from the ceiling
all my buddies have their own planets too
all kinds of stuff oh my wait man i sure am glad i invested that 30 dollars to bob dogs back then in
1996. when i spent that 30 dollars you know what that amounted to five cents a day until next day
yes i've it cost me less than a cup of coffee in a whole year i must agree you made a very good deal
are you are you one of the alien sex goddesses uh disguised as a waiter or are you
no no no mon ami i am actually a waiter i uh had a chance to become one of the alien sex goddesses
by prefer merely to help you and to crack pepper for you uh to shine your shoes to to do anything
you're hard to find realistic and then you have to stick it together just as in real life but
oh man man this is great i am so glad that i am a saved subgenius
just all the food here is great it's like before
i even think of it there is just what i was about to want to eat and oh i was just
thinking about this comic book this old zap comic number baby i was you might want to sit down at
your table uh how you doing man uh you know i never really got the chance to get uh get in line
with your church and uh hell yeah but uh oh well in the afterlife and i just wanted to sit down
oh man well listen let me tell you i grew up listening to your music
As far as I'm concerned, you are the king.
Man, this is great.
This is just unbelievable.
I think somebody else wants to meet you.
I think Sammy Davis Jr. would like to sit down and have a word with you.
Hey, look, I'll see you later, man.
There's a little filly over there I want to talk to.
Hey, man, hang in there.
I love Bob.
Hey, Bob, thanks, Elvis.
Man.
God, this is just so...
Trevor, baby, Ivan Stang.
That's you, isn't it?
It's Trevor and Ivan Stang.
Ivan Stang, I'm a person with...
I just have my adenoids removed.
I'm sorry.
I have the wrong table.
Why?
You know, it's great being rich and famous and having...
It's only been, what, two hours since 7 a.m.
The rupture happened two hours ago, and already I'm stuffed in my face,
masturbated, met Elvis.
I've done all the things I never, ever did before.
And more 17?
Yes.
Oh, thank you, thank you.
Hey, what other celebrities are around?
Is Lenny Bruce happen to be on my planet?
I think Mr. Walsh is in the other room at the bar,
but I would go and then...
Oh, well, I'll have to...
Oh, don't bother.
Don't bother.
No, no, no.
Anything for your pleasure.
I'll take a few minutes.
Mr. Walsh!
Oh!
Fuck, didn't work.
Where are they?
Maybe...
He's getting drunk.
Now, that is from geosynchronous time or whatever they call it, right?
Oh, it's got its own built-in atomic clock.
That's his, ask him.
Yes, definitely.
Yep, okay.
7 a.m. has come and gone.
Oh, no.
Fuck.
Damn it, Bob.
Why does this seem so familiar?
Maybe it's 7.05.
Once again.
7.05 and I'm here.
The reason you all get fucked is you're not getting fucked.
Well, we try...
Now, speak for yourself, honey.
Princess, we've been hard...
I've been hard at work all night.
Think about it.
At our age, that ain't easy.
Well, my age.
Look, if you two want to play bunnies, which is fine.
I'm not talking about you.
I'm talking about the rest of the group.
She's not the kind of person she's preaching to.
Wrong.
You know.
Damn.
Well...
Is that rock any dryer in this grass?
I'm not getting fucked.
I paid $30.
Well, hell.
Holy shit.
Well, if you paid $30, you already got fucked.
Now, you know, we have occasionally run into people who are actually honestly furious
that for $30 they didn't get to ride in a spaceship and destroy cities.
I mean, I'm...
They were really angry.
Really?
Really?
Really?





Now I am.
Really pissed.
Now I am.
After I sleep for about nine hours, I will wake up and I'll be so mad at you.
After coffee, probably some prop and maybe some booze, then, oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Why did I drink this whole cup of coffee?
I'm never going to be able to go back to sleep.
Oh, that works.
Then you can stalk everybody else.
I'll go to them.
Just in case anybody wondered, I don't have any special...
I don't have any special statement because I always assume, you know, the best.
Although I got to admit, this is going to be a familiar scene.
It's funny though, there's more people every year.
When we drove down here about 45 minutes ago, there were only two people here and now probably
40 or so.
God, are we getting dumber?
Or are we getting more faithful?
Is our faith merely growing?
I hear the urge of Jesus in his voice.
Jesus.
Now you listen to me, boy.
Jesus is a fact.
You can't run away from Jesus.
No, you listen.
I come a long way since I'd believed in anything.
And I come halfway around the world.
You ain't come so far that you could keep from following me though, have you, boy?
Some preacher's left his mark on you.
Did you follow me for me to take it off or to give you another one?
Well, you know, once again, the important lesson Bob has taught us is that we don't
know when that hour shall come.
You know, so it could happen in the next five minutes.
Is that not so?
I mean, the world ends in a minute.


It's tomorrow.
It didn't say the world ends right now.
That first sentence in that first pamphlet, number one, published January 2nd, 1980, it
says the world ends tomorrow and you may die.
Well, that could be any tomorrow.
So I guess the point is you better be ready.
I'm preaching a say if everybody here already paid their 30 bucks.
Isn't there supposed to be one guy here jumping up and down going, I told you to rip off.
I didn't pay my 30 bucks.
I snuck in.
Oh, this time it's motor Mac.
Folks, may I ask, please, if we could just be kind enough to take a moment, please, and
bow our heads, which we've not done yet.
And have ourselves just a moment, please, of silent sacred.
No.
I.
I.




I.
I.
I open up my whole sleeping dictionary, with the
rough road.

Ah, yes.
The year 2000.
The distant future.
The year 2000.
Oh, that's better.
That was a long way back there.
There's no show in there.
Yeah, I didn't think so.
Show's over here, Doug.
Y2K.
Here I am.
We are robots.
Okay, good.
We're the robot versions of ourselves.
That's the really cool thing I was trying to tell you earlier.
Yeah, we're the automatons that just keep going,
even though our bodies have already left for X.
You know, for the outer world.
For the outer world.
We already left a long time ago.
That's why we keep going about this myth of X-Day.
But still, it's good.
Everything is so automated now.
We actually did leave.
Still, it's good, right, X-Day?
Yeah, we actually, our real Earthly cells actually did leave in 1998.
It's just our robot cells that continue on this illusion.
And here we are.
And this planet is Mars.
The humans are dead.
The humans are dead, and we're still here.
We're just robots.
Michael Jackson was a human.
It's too soon.
Yeah, they talked about Michael Jackson,
but what about Aliak Mark-Connor?
They look like they're dead.
I'll just confirm that they're dead.
Okay.
Bubbles is not dead.
Okay, here's the emotional part,
simply because I really,
really do want to thank everyone very much
for coming here to X-Day,
which for me is the best goddamn party of the year,
and I most certainly will be here next year.
How about you?
I am ready.
Because just think,
if not for this X-Day,
last week you would have been out there at your job,
but instead you are here waiting in the rain.
With your feet freezing.
Apparently it wasn't a dozen of them.
It was a must.
It was supposed to be a baker's dozen.
The rain's falling.
Thirteen.
Oh, yeah, Dr. Howell just mentioned,
apparently a dozen wasn't the magic number,
but a baker's dozen.
So X-Day 13, the lucky 13.
X-Day 12 was waiting for Bob.
Sad, sad.
But yet there is hope.
There is hope that X-Day may yet again be awaiting.
Could be ten minutes from now.
Could be.
Could be shuffling back.
To our little tents and rented big houses.
And suddenly be lifted up.
Ruptured.
Burst into flames.
Our spirits fly up into,
be captured in special jars on some silvery ship.
Metaphysical thing that only exists in certain dimensions.
Could be.
Could be.
You know, you just don't know yet.
Good gobs, man.
Maybe we need a new Jesus.
A Jesus like nobody's ever seen before.
Another thing we're missing that we haven't had in several years
is a proper crackpot with a sandwich board that says the end is nigh.
The end is nigh.
The end is nigh.
My toes are numb.
Does that mean they replaced my toes?
I thought the X's replaced the body part at a time.
Yeah.
Well, that's the other thing.
I mean, it's obvious.
It's becoming increasingly difficult to see the end of the body.


It's becoming increasingly obvious to some of us that the X's are taking a piece at a time.
In some of our cases, it's memory.
They're removing old memories, short-term memories.
Some of us, obviously, they're removing the morals and ethics.
Teeth.
Don't remove our memory.
I've lost, they took a lot of my hair off the top of my head.
Look at the dejected. They're already shuffling away.
They're already shuffling away.
Heads down.
Was it this cold when they threw you in the lake with the tarn?
Yes.
That's why my peener didn't look any bigger than that.
Also, you know, there's nothing like having, what was he, 800 primate eyes focused on you when you're naked.
And it's standing in that pond.
Did you ponder it?
We were swamped with ideas.
You can learn by buying the 1998 DVD at the Swag Shack.
You're a quick study, a quicksand study.
Surely he knows.
Yeah, we're sinking, sinking.
Yeah, that's the one thing we can be really, really thankful for this X-Day.
What's that?
No chicken head.
Wow.
Anybody who was here last year, you can't.
I cannot imagine.
Because we had that big fryer up there.
Oh my God, we should have just killed them.
Last year it was called the Curl.
We really seriously should have killed them.
I wonder if they tasted like chicken.
I walked up to Stang and said, Stang, can I kill them?
And he said, well, Pisces, I don't know.
More flesh for the barbecue.
Well, I didn't want to, I knew you'd be speaking in court under oath going, well, Reverend Stang said to go ahead and kill them.
No, it was General Soul.
It's the Manson defense.
I didn't kill them.
Reverend Soul.
You go to the top of them stairs and repent, boy, and renounce your sins and distribute these tracts to the people.
Come as clean as you are.
Vortication, blasphemy, what else?
If I was in sin, I was in it before I ever committed any.
There ain't no change coming me.
I don't believe in sin.
Nothing matters but that Jesus don't exist.
Go distribute them tracts to the people.
I'll take them up there and throw them in the bushes.
You be watching.
See, can you see?
If the Exes had gotten here nine months ago when everything tanked, they would have come in and seen that the anguish level would have been off the meter.
That's true.
And it would have been a tankless job.
Oh, no.
Well, they live, you know, for them, human anguish is a drug.
I mean, they would have gotten such a buzz off the anguish level.
They're feeling rather anguished right now.
Maybe that's exactly what they're doing.
But then they elected Obama, and all of a sudden there was just so much simpering hope.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, that hope makes me sick.
I'm sure that they did come near, and Bob had to do some serious tap dancing.
To say, no, no, no, we're going to get it up, come back next year.
So, yeah, it's Barack Obama's fault.
I told you.
He's the anti-Bob.
But, no, he's got Bob in his name.
Yeah.
Beat Obama.
Yeah, but he's the anti-Bob.
The ears tell you.
And the lack of a pipe is the main thing.
Exactly.
He's got some of the dots.
Yeah.
Sleepers, it's all your fault.
Faceless ones.
Yeah, right.
They're the smart ones.
Kill them.
Where is he?
Slaughter them for the warmth inside of their bodies.
Yes.
Yes, choose the most important.
I shouldn't have drank that cup of coffee.
Let us wrap ourselves in their intestines to warm up.
Yes.
Yeah, those were the days.
Intestinal fortitude would be our...
They're not properly making use of the heat.
Yes.
God, slaughter them.
And slaughter them.
It takes a very...
Man.
Their dicks and their appendix in that order.
We lost them.
Yes.
Well, you know what?
The affidavit is...
This has got to be like the absolute worst stand-up comedy venue anybody could ever dream
up.
Oh, as Jesus used to say every 645, somebody had to say it was going to be 7 a.m., 1998.
As if it was up to me.
I always give...
As a cannibal boy, I used to say, I just worked for the tips.
Jehovah One told Bob it was going to be 7 a.m., 1998.
Now, you know, what are you going to do?
Disbelieve Bob and Jehovah One?
Again?
Yes.
And again, and again, and again?
It's a broken record.
Well, we've been...
Maybe they have the time...
We've certainly been faithful.
True or dumb?
You've been faithful.
I've been faithful.
My hands are just like that.
Faithful of faithful.
You know who's not here?
Come on.
Susie the floozy.
Susie the floozy.
Susie the floozy.
That's what I...
That's like...
There's a Susie the floozy shaped hole in my crotch.
We forgot.
Her cleavage was supposed to bring them in.
That's what they cite in there.
Well, maybe that's why she stayed away this time.
Maybe she thought it was scaring them.
Cleave unto others.
Cleave unto others.
I hope she didn't just lose faith.
Huh?
Maybe she lost faith.
Maybe she lost her costume.
Maybe she lost her costume.

Usually she...
Usually at about 6.59 Susie suddenly appears in some outlandish something.
Handing out something.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I almost feel like I cheated because I'm not getting my Susie the floozy special surprise
package.
Lift her up in her tent.
Throw her up and down like Mickey Mouse.
Last year she had little sacks for every single person that showed up and they all had uncannily
apt surprises in them.
But mine had a t-shirt that said,
No Purple!
Something in the house that was unusual.
They all seemed like they'd been carefully selected yet they were randomly handed out.
But no presents this year.
There wasn't nothing in her stocking for X day but switches and ashes.
Again.
We've done it before.
We'll do it again.
We'll do it again.
And again and again.
Yes.
Apparently again and again.
Again and again.
Power up the sonic.
But you know, by God, just to spite them I'll be here next year.
Just to spite them.
It's a disease.

It's a gan-a-rea.
A gan-a-rea.
We'll by golly, we'll let those normal people and pagans laugh at us.
Let those Discordians have their fun.
Ha.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Wouldn't the Discordians have a cool.
Yeah.

Convention that causes everybody to get up at 7 in the morning.
Yeah.
Freeze their asses off.
Yeah.
Damn.
Oh well.
He does.
He has an appointment today.
What kind of jackass schedules an appointment on X day?
Stop what you're doing everybody.
I didn't expect it.
This is the best day to make an appointment.
Well it's been pointed out that why would, you know, god-like aliens necessarily use
the same calendar and.
I was just going to say.
You know, I mean everything we do is because we have ten hands and ten fingers and ten
toes.
Well some of us.
Some have ten hands.
Two nuts and one dick.
Some of us.
And.
Yeah.
Damn.
What about us who have two dicks?
Come on.
You know so we can't, we can't expect the god-like aliens to go by some time table.
Another god-like alien told some salesman.











Could you work in that Elder Goats?
In 1953.
We had a long time to plan this party.
You'd think it would be a better party.
Oh well.
I like, I like that sign that says fat free.
It's like the whole.
The whole.
It's also saucer free.
It's a little slack free.
They ought to change their name to slack free.
Yeah.
It's a little slag free.






When he told me he would give me four hours and three percent.


Could I
OK why'd you say l charComment.
Ah Should I just say like.
black confusion, sitting in silence, listening to nothing.
That's loneliness.
That's loneliness.
That's the most frightening thing I've ever felt.
Hey, thanks for giving out the rest of those aliens.
Ouch!
That was Fat Free of Brooklyn, live at 12X Day,
and more such as studio CDs can be had via FatFreeBand.com.
Earlier, we heard clips from the classic movie Wise Blood,
some 12X Day live hour of slack from on stage,
some puzzling evidence on KPFA Berkeley with church co-sub founder Dr. Philo Drummond
of QuiveringBrain.com,
and even some of the amino acids from TheAminoAcids.com.
Incidentally, the music in the background right now
is from their friends in the band Free Cake,
also recorded live at X Day.
But now, back in time, we go again to July 5th, 2009, conspiracy time,
about 7.30 a.m. at Brushwood,
with the subgeniuses of...
what turned out to be the 12X Day drill.
J.R. Bob Dobbs, I swear.
Huh? What?
If you move...
There he goes, right there.
On your shirt, on your sleeve,
it's the silhouette of J.R. Bob Dobbs, right there.
The shadow.
That's that guy's head.
I don't think...
I must be...
Way to be a good buzzkill.
Well, like he wasn't going to notice it's his head.
He's two feet away from him.
Hey, look, it could be worse.
We could all be wearing identical shirts and have little plastic pipes,
and I'm...
It'd be that lame.
That's a good idea for next year.
Well, I'll wear the same shoes.
Those Heaven's Gate apples.
Actually, somebody did suggest,
there were so many people with those black shirts with the Bob thing on,
we should do a photo op,
to really look nerdy.
You know?
Where it was like all these geeks with the same shirts and glasses.
I think we've already come uncomfortably close to that.
Don't let the motion...
Yeah, let's not make it any worse.
Grass was...
It wasn't so wet.
I'd suggest we all lie down and do a Heaven's Gate.
But the grass is too wet.
And we don't have the right drugs.
Yeah, beds.
Let's go to bed.
I mean, I didn't bring enough Valium and vodka for that.
But, the Valium and vodka does sound good right about now.
Yeah.
Their system of oppression.
What did it lead to?
I like that show, Life After People,
because all the humans are dead.
The pinks, the pinks fried in their...
In their own juices, and that was what was left.
Or, or Twilight, all the people are dead.
Or 2012.
Man, it was so great.
It's just like the...
A lot of times their brains, like mine included,
turns into pudding.
It's usually, mine usually turns into vanilla, I've found.
Vanilla pudding.
I would bet somebody like we, for example,
would probably turn into a pistachio pudding.
So their brain turns into pudding,
and if you can find the little hinge,
you can go in and have a few bites of it.
Pretty tasty stuff.
I thought that's what you were keeping the spoons for.
You got my mouth watering now.
You just gotta find the person when they're right in,
at the right flavor.
You gotta find that hinge.
I have trouble finding it myself.
You're probably just about ripe.
Yeah, I'm about ready.
Yep, yep, I can hear it ring in there.
Yep, it's about ready.
I've got pure oatmeal in here.
Oatmeal?
Pure.
Is that your secret?
Nothing but oatmeal.
Nothing but oatmeal?
I usually get pudding more than anything else.
In here, it's turtles all the way down.
Like this guy, for example, if you look,
you see right here?
Right through there?
Uh-huh.
See where the hinge starts?
Oh, yeah, yeah, sure enough.
I bet even he didn't notice that before.
No, no, no, he's never been eaten before.
Only your hair has been eaten, for sure.
He hasn't.
He hasn't.
You can tell.
He's got a good seam and a match on it all the way across.
I'll have my monkey brains well done, Bob said.
You know, I'm figuring he's probably, actually,
he looks like he's got white chocolate.
Mmm.
Mmm.

That's a really rare option.
That's only one way to find out.
Yeah, we'll have to catch him later.
I say get him in the sun for just about an hour a little bit later.
I've got a screwdriver.
Careful, man.
He's high.
I've got a Swiss army knife.
Well, I've got a knife in my pocket, but I hate damaging those hinges that way, but,
you know, it's just the way it is.
Well, how's the Kool-Aid?
Jesus calls you.
Jesus calls you.
Hey, looky down yonder.
Did you see that blind man down there?
He's giving out tracks and begging for money.



Jesus, you ought to see him, and he's got this here ugly child.
I mean, you better get on the other side, lady.
There's a fool down there giving out tracks.
Don't pay no attention to that fanatic up there.
Don't I know what exists and what don't?
Ain't I got eyes in my head?
Am I a blind man?
Let me tell you something.
Maybe you think that you ain't clean because you don't believe.
Every one of you are clean.
And I'll tell you why.
If you think it's because of Jesus Christ crucified, you're wrong.
I ain't saying he wasn't crucified, but I say it wasn't for you.
I'm gonna start a new church.
The church approved without Jesus Christ crucified, and it won't cost you nothing to join my church.
It ain't started yet, but it's gonna be.
I don't need Jesus.
What do I need Jesus for?
I got love.
I got a wife.
He got a wife.
Well, that's another.
Lagume is never here.
He's never been at one of these 7am deals.
He probably thinks he's being smart.
Wait a minute.
Man, is he wrong.
Yeah, right.
Well, yeah, 98 was the last one for about 500 people.
It was half of our church business dropped off after 98.
Which indicates something real scary if you think about it.
People actually thought it was gonna happen.
Well, we all thought it was going to happen, but they were disappointed that it didn't happen.
It was like they didn't see the whole point.
That Bob was giving us time to appreciate what we have.
You know, we can sleep when we die.
Yeah, yeah, that's it.
Yeah, he's teaching us to appreciate life.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm sure of that.
It must be that.
Bob is teaching us whether we're smart fellas or fart smellers.
Speaking of which...
Appreciate life, huh?
Is he also teaching us to appreciate miserable, sucky, shitty things?
Actually, you may have a point there.
I mean, what's the point?
I mean, I understand the intention of the good, but I mean...
Well, if we can get slack out of doing this, by God, we can get slack out of anything.
Yeah, you make a point.
And we're laughing.
Well, you and me are, anyway.
Well, you know, laughing sort of like...
You got paid to.
I mean, it's sort of that mental illness sort of hospital kind of laugh, though.
Yeah, oh well.
That's better than those jerks with their snickery laugh.
Their ha-ha, look at those kooks that think they were going to get ruptured every year.
That's what kills me are the ones...
The people on the internet that go,
You're so dumb.
You thought them saucers were going to come.
You know what the answer to that is?
You're stooped.
And then they spell stupid wrong.
Right, and the answer to that is, is that I'm sorry you feel that way, sir, but I'm getting laid.
That was my favorite response.
Princess Wee and I did the Numa Numa takeoff.
Yes.
Which, by definition, you know, what could be stupider?
So some...
One of the first comments,
This is stooped.
Lol.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That sums up the...
The internet.
It's like, gee, thanks for letting us know.
Oh, hi.
Frankly, it was the stupidest thing on the internet at that time, I thought.
That's what we were shooting for anyway.
And that's a talent.
You know what's really awful is to have somebody walk up to you and go,
You're those Numa Numa guys.
That happened at a text day.
They didn't even know we were, you know, important subgenius officials.
All they knew is we were the Numa Numa guys.
Alfred E. Numa.
Alfred E. Numa.
You know, you can't live forever.
And you can't keep getting away with this kind of crap forever.
Oh, now it's scapegoating time.
I'll just hide behind this here fella.
But that hat.
You can't hide from Bob behind a funny hat, Dr. Dark.
But you, the listener, can hide from boredom and pinkness with Bob at subgenius.com,
online home of Church of the Subgenius and this radio show, The Hour of Slack.
That's subgenius.com.
Or P.O.
Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
And now we go back very briefly to X Day Drill 2009 and one final startling message about the Xists.
They came and left.
They said we were one short.
Only one short.
They said we were one short?
Yeah.
Goddamn, Suzy's never going to hear the end of this one.
One short.
Wait a minute.
I hope they meant person.
Not text.
I think so.
Yes, I did.
I'm like, look at that boob.
I don't know.
They did a scan and there was an odd number of testicles, so they took off again.
That was a bad omen.
We must find another one-testicle match.
I've got a jackknife.
You volunteers?
Take a two-testicle man in.
That's what I was going to say.
You volunteering?
Seriously, there's no conspiracy.
There's just one lone nut.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Will we make it to the end of the tape?
Maybe the Xists run on sexual-
That's when they'll show up.
That's when Bigfoot will run down the road.
The Loch Ness Monster will jump out of a pond.
Somebody will spontaneously combust.
The tape just spontaneously combusted.
Okay.
Well, I have another one in my pocket, but I think that's a cue for us to do the right

thing and go pass out.
And then there's the horrible theory that the sub gene that everything went wrong in
the original 1998 and we're stuck in a loop where for all eternity it will be 7 o'clock
in the morning when nothing has happened.
Forever and ever and ever.
And then there's the horrible theory that the sub gene that everything went wrong in
the original 1998 and we're stuck in a loop where for all eternity it's 7 o'clock in the




o'clock in the morning and nothing has happened forever and ever and ever and then there's the
horrible theory that the sub-gene that everything went wrong in the original 1998 we're stuck in a
mirror for all eternity it's seven o'clock in the morning and nothing is happening
we're telling you
they come down in flying
yes
the blood is running and the lights were fading and they stopped
