Uh, yes.
So nice to sit in front of this one lonely microphone all by myself.
I wonder what happened to, uh, the good pastor naked.
Let's see, friends.
This is not going to be the, uh, tightest hour of slack in the world by subgenius standards,
which means that you'll probably enjoy it a lot more.
Uh, we, we have the, the difficulty here with this radio ministry of trying to minister
both to, uh, old, the old timer subgeniuses here in Dallas as well as try to explain what
in the name of it, the church of the subgenius really is.
And, and, uh, I'll actually try to do that a little bit, but like I say, at the same
time, we have to keep confusing you in order to, uh, to, uh, to, uh, to, uh, to, uh, to,
to, uh, deliver the, the goods that the old timers really want.
So let's see what happens if I push this button here and I hope it doesn't.
Copyright 1986 by the subgenius foundation and the participants.
This is Doug Smith, radio operator.
I'm going to bring you a piece of that green cheese.
I'm sure.
I have brought the message.
No trouble.
He's recording.
Everything's going through.
No trouble.
And now you are ready for the final 200,000 mile voyage to the moon.
Stop right there.
Intensifying our prospects' desires.
That's when the wheels of action begin to move.
Sorry for jumping in.
You're welcome,Transport Three center at 10.
You've going into the 수-
I-
ve—
Those of us understand that the sun's going up toward the North Pole Complex may
have some issues, but that isn't a formula for measurements glance.
Thanks for understanding Oscars today.
I'm going to.
Well, that's it for this edition of The Sixth Bitch in the South Pole.
I'm 사용 s-
L plata rinconcs are super pounds, yes or no?


helping to create a nice round world of confusion and misunderstanding.
Well, we take our initiates and we string a little tendon between their heels
and drag them three times around the radio station before beginning.
Then we dip them in the sacred waters of the sludge.
And what exactly does this do for them?
Well, it causes them to forget everything they've learned
and it prepares their mind for the slate-like impression,
the imprinting of the true subgenius.
Welcome, dear friends, to the subgenius hour of sludge.
The message is now part of the
even registered in your subconscious mind
every time you say, see, hear, or think.
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
Repent. Quit your job. Slack off.
Driven to the brink of fall,
false sanity by the conspiracy's false reality
and the pressure of a crumbling world,
then this may be for you.
Eternal salvation
or triple your money back.
The Church of the Subgenius
bring you another 33 minutes
of condensed,
uraglic function
over the quality audio-visual techniques
exacerbated and complicated
by The Church of the Subgenius.
Copyright 1985-86.
Oh, Dr. Spitz.
She said,
cutting her own legs off
in what was to be the foment
of a startlingly trend among the so-called
punk-de-tele-hensia,
where they became
not only skinheads,
but took it to the next level
and became boneheads, actually shaving off
their hair scalp,
cranial viscera,
and the top three molecular layers of their
brain itself.
And not only this,
but there are in downtown Los Angeles
and the confestrian punk boroughs,
there's even been reports of neckheads,
these progressive brainheads
have actually shaved their head
all the way to their neck,
and even taken it beyond that
in some clubs and clubs,
and it's been reported that subgenius bands
have led to what are referred to as kneeheads,
where the person's body actually ends
a scant two inches above the knee.
You might see a punk button,
a Sid Lives or a Dr. Spabob button
on the lower half of the pants,
and it hides the top of the spiked boots
which protrude below all that's left,
of what was once a normal middle-aged boy,
until Doctors for Bob
and the Church of the Subgenius
got ahold of his brain via
post office box 140306 Dallas, Texas 75214.
Praise Bob!
This has been the Subgenius News Hour.
Brought to you in great detail by
the leading head of Arnold Palmer Launcher Society,
Dobbs Co.
and Sex Heard Around and Yakutiz Foundation.
Welcome to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slang,
sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
This is Reverend Ivan Stang,
sacred scribe of the First Orthodox Church,
and the Archbishop of the Church of the Subgenius.
We're here today to talk about
the Church of the Subgenius,
and the Church of the Subgenius.
The opinions expressed are not necessarily
those of this radio station.
Before the sermon,
a message concerning Bob Dobbs,
living avatar of Slack,
and saint of sales.
What is the law?
Not to name any.


Not to endlessly interning the law.
That is the law.
Are we not men?
What is the law?
Not to endlessly interning the law.
That is the law.
Are we not men?
What is the law?
But we're also going to see what's inside the earth.
And that's why I'm excited about this whole adventure.
Oh, and guess what?
We can go on this trip together.
Mm-hmm.
And we won't even have to leave your room.
That's right.
Just by using your imagination.
We enter the law.
That is the law.
Are we not men?
You must draw your own conclusions.
You've got to believe me.
I'm not a saint.
You've got to believe me.
I'm not a saint.
You've got to believe me.
I'm not a saint.
I'm not a saint.
You've got to believe me.
I'm not a saint.

Hey, hey, hey.
Can you keep the key?
Keep listening!
Backwards, backwards, backwards!
I'm Riauli.
Say hi, Corbin.
Good news, Zamba.
We're going to the lock.
Lock.
Nam.
Eton.
Oh.
Oh.
I have, I have received a full range of messages from your spiritual soul.
You could have been the most gorgeous creature in the whole world.
If you come near anyone in my family,
I have to kill you.
I'm sorry.
You are, at the present time,
you are just covered with filth,
and you will hurt my family.
And I have no choice but to retaliate, you know?
And I have superior powers to anything that you are aware of.
And I must tell you right now,
I have no toleration for evil.
I will destroy it when I need it.
And this way we're fair and square.
I understand that you loved Bob,
and that maybe you and Bob are,
somehow,
help each other in a good way.
I don't know.
You will not attack people.
You will not turn them into frogs.
If you stay in the United States,
you will be destroyed,
and you will be void,
one way or another.
It's a waste of your time to remain in the United States.
Forget about it.
That is my advice to you.
Take it or leave it.
And stop harassing me.
I want to kill her.
Obviously you don't want to.
I want to kill you, Connie.
You're responsible for the pain of these four.
I want to kill you.
I'm so tired of you.
Get your hands off me.
So how do we know?
How can we tell whether our friends are ready to watch the path of Dodge?
I used to like it better before you guys were on the radio.
I liked it better when you were just in a book.
I liked it better when I used to dial up at this time of the morning and hear just dead air.
Can't the station go back to that?
I am writing them right away to recommend this.
See, that's one of the letters.
Another writer from Beaumont expressed the idea that it did crowd the airwaves a lot more to have a subgenius radio show than to have a regular radio show.
Yeah.
We have a writer from Irving who says that can we move out to the Texas stadium to be near him?
He would feel better.
We have a writer here from East Dallas who says he came home and he heard his children listening to the subgenius radio show on non-radio.
And that he had to take both of his children out and shoot them.
They both had a broken leg.
Here's a letter from a fellow in Pasadena who asked why we allow the show to jump around a buck like that.
In the bar downtown.
He said one of his friends was trying to ride the show and got hurt when he got thrown off.
And he'd had a little too much drink and a whole bunch of nice ladies were laughing at him and hurting him.
And now he's trying to sue the station.
Okay, people are calling. Please don't call 848-4425 and try to be on the show.
We don't even have a phone down here.
If I can just get it out of this sacred socket in which it resides here.
Now, dear friends, I promised at some point that I would try to explain the church of the subgenius to those of you who have absolutely no knowledge of our guru, our invisible, most of the time invisible guru, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
The living saint of slack and sales who we do worship quite seriously.
You may get the idea.
Some people get the idea.
This is some sort of a comedy thing.
And I will admit that one common trait that separates subgeniuses from humans, our enemies, the humans, is the sub...
It's a big war over what's funny and what's not, I guess is what it is.
And I think the subgeniuses are willing to listen a little closer sometimes.
On the other hand, they're also brain damaged.
So, you know, I'm not like bragging or anything.
But the church of the subgenius, although you could say it was headquartered in Dallas because it is the most disorganized religion in the world, is really spread out everywhere.
The real church is all subgeniuses everywhere churning out the material that we play on this show, that we print in pamphlets and in a magazine, a monthly magazine that comes out once every week.
And we have a book out, a McGraw-Hill book, which you can generally order from most better bookstores if you give them a real hard time about it.
There is a conspiracy against all of us to take away our slack.
And those bookstores are part and parcel.
Sometimes I wonder about Bob himself.
But...
As I was saying, this show, the reason that it sounds the way it does is because it's a mixture of many other subgenius shows, although the church started in this town.
Bob founded the church in the 50s here in Dallas to confuse the conspiracy and to bring slack to subgeniuses.
Now, only in 1979 did we go public.
And since that time, there have been subgenius shows that crop up all over the country.
One of the main ones is the Moyn.
It's more than an hour less than a show from KPFA in Berkeley, where Puzzling Evidence and all those other evil guys, Gary Gabrogfran and Buck Naked...
That's why Buck isn't here. He's on that other show now all the time.
These shows collide in midair and there's not much I can do about it.
I could read you from the book of the subgenius, but that probably wouldn't upset you nearly as much.
As this media barrage tape here.
This is the classic subgenius ad. I haven't played the whole thing in quite a while.
Some of you may have heard it, but those of you who haven't, this should explain the church.
Attitude corrected. Hold.
The subconscious will listen and absorb this message.
Exactly.
Three, two, and one.
Now to continue with the tape recording.
Superior mutants, repent! Quit your job! Slack off!
The world ends tomorrow and you may die!
Well, no, probably not, but whatever you do, just keep listening.
Are we controlled by secret forces?
Do you ever get the feeling that free will is a joke?
Do people think you're strange?
Do you?
Then you may be on the right track.
Are you abnormal?
Then you are probably better than most people.
Yes, your kind shall triumph.
Now at last the step-by-step process is revealed.
This is it. The only faith that promises action, thrills, success in sex and business.
Having all the guilt, but none of the sex.
Having intercourse with a beautiful live girl or damn near anything else.
Thought you tried everything. You ain't seen nothing yet. Learn to think big.
Develop the tricks of length extension.
Bring your weirdest dreams to rampaging life.
Stand direct for your own abnormality.
Bob is a way of life to millions. Yet half of them don't even know it.
He's the one true living Slack master with the spiritual know-how to help you bash through the locked doorway to financial heaven.
He is the one real shortcut to Slack.
Now see another life.
Another dimension on your TV.
Yes, fear the stark fist of removal no longer.
Become physically attractive overnight.
Attain status, luck, prosperity by blowing them off.
Bob's promises to widen the scope and nature of abnormal behavior.
To explore new ways of going over the edge.
And coming right back.
Plus, to bring back those who couldn't make it on their own.
To help you create the highest possible earnings from the psychodynamics of abnormality.
To turn conspiracy implanted personality disorders around.
And channel them into an illusion of creativity that will fool normals and get you sex.
To help you create a new reality.


A six million year cycle will end in 1998.
Bob sees the world entering a new aeon, which, in a few years, will bring more wondrous and miraculous change, and carnage, insanity, and destruction, than all of mankind's history and pre-history before it.
Bob brings a new destiny for America.
A time of cataclysmic economic change that will offer untold riches and power to those in the know.
While billions of deserving conspiracy dupes fry in hell on Earth.
Uncontrolled Thinking, controlled by Bob, will usher in a spiritual rebreath and a cascade of astounding mysteries.
Supernatural riches.
And a restoration of lost psychic abilities.
That will totally transform the lives of those who dare to seek them and pay for them.
That's right. You're lucky to live in the end time.
Here's more money, Bob!
Wise up! They're out to get you.
The different are being silenced by a global conspiracy.
Weird men arise!
Find out who they are.
And how to smash them!
You probably already knew that the U.S. government is a sham.
Something propped up there for you to blame.
But did you know that the real powers that be are not even people?
That they are actually shambling?
Unbelievable, unmentionable, unthinkable things?
Yes! Jehovah is an alien and still threatens this planet!
Defy the sinister Star Forces which mock us all.
Evil demons have kept the truth from humanity for thousands of years.
God has been misquoted all this time!
His actual words may disturb you, but Bob Dobbs is a bulwark against the unbearable fear and anxiety tormenting mankind.
There's no problem with Bob.
Bob is a sex god.
Bob is a sex god.
Unbelievable, unspeakable, unbearable.
The world is full of these terrible things!
I don't know.
Billy! Billy! Billy!
Billy!��
Hey, that new church air is just great!
It's fun!
Well son, if you'll just keep breathing an equal portion of church air with all the bad air too,
you'll get like me!
Your head will begin to expand.
The inside will eventually become larger than the outside.
I don't know quite how to explain this, but I've put my trust in Bob.
Thanks to Bob, the inside of my head is much larger than the outside ever was.
But doesn't that make it hard to get through doorways?
Sometimes I do get lost inside my head, and I've had trouble finding my way out,
especially early in the morning.
But thanks to Bob, I'll be a much more productive employee on the job.
And I've had a great time at parties with this new big head that came with my glandscaping.
Will the same thing happen to me when I get to be a man too?
Yes, son.
You'll go live with Bob.

You'll go through the operations too.
The doctors will open your third nostril with their musical instruments, and you'll be able
to whiff-read the stenches of all the normals and pinks around you.
You'll be able to sell them anything, son.
Just like me.
Gee, I can't wait till that Bob-time train comes around the bend.
Oh, look out, son.
Here it comes now.
Bob-time train.
Bob-time train.




It's frightening, isn't it?
It's unbelievably big and scary.
It's not wrenching enough for you.
We stand to receive the Eeyore of the flesh and understand not the way of the lead-clad
ones.
Stand direct for your abnormality.
Wise up.
They're out to get you.
Send one dollar to P.O.
Box 14.
Well, we can't tell you where Bob-time train is, but we can tell you where Bob-time train















We can't really tell you to send a dollar to P.O.
Box 140306, because you really should send that dollar to K.N.O.N., even though Bob is
coming.
I'll tell you, friends, that ad was that 45-minute commercial.
Oh, listen to that.
Boom.
That's pretty dramatic.
I hear the footsteps.
I hear the footsteps.

I hear the footsteps of the Dobbs as he approacheth.
That's the microphone stand.
There's magic everywhere in the world when you're tied up in this insane mess.
Well, that ad was put together by myself with Reverend Bleepo Abernathy up in Boston, who's
got a subgenius hour of slack there now that just started up.
He's got a subgenius hour of slack there now that just started up.
He's much more of a radio professional than I am.
Ironic that it took him longer to get slack in this way.
But also, a lot of the cuts on there come from Dr. Byron Werner, a mysterious character
who lives amidst the largest collection of spoken word records and musac, strange, just...
We know a lot of collectors of strange things.
And a lot of that stuff ends up over here.
And a lot of that stuff ends up over here.
But the reason we have a less tightly edited show tonight is because, like so many of you,
I'm still recovering from the expeditions performed for New Year's, the celebration
of the year of the P.O. Box 1403-06.
I can't answer the phone right now.
And if I did, you still wouldn't be able to hear it on the air because we're not set up
for that yet here.
But what happened to me at New Year's was we journeyed into darkest Arkansas for a concert
performance with Doctors for Bob, that great old subgenius band.
And it was...
God, the show...
It was at the S.O.B. Club.
See, this is a church, but we don't have our own tabernacle, so we have to act like we're
some kind of showbiz act and do these things.
And it was...
We were in these amazing clubs and art museums, you name it.
Anyway, this particular club, for some reason, was full of full-blood humans rather than subgeniuses.
I think they were waiting to get into a restaurant next door, and they weren't Doctors for Bob's
audience.
By the time the show was over, the Arkansas police had to come in and protect the Doctors
for Bob, these great preachers, from their audience, who had been paid to attack them
by the club owners.
They were the owners, who couldn't get out of the contract any other way.
However, the rest of the audience loved it.
And I've spent a lot of time trying to edit some of that stuff down.
And next week, we will present a Doctors for Bob special show, but I did manage to retrieve
from their foul dungeons some rare studio outtakes.
And I'm gonna have to really ride the censorship button on this song.
But it's a beautiful song by Jane or Hyperclete and Doctors for Bob, called You Can't Hide
From God.
And this should also, this is like an explanation for subgenius in a lot of ways, too, I think.
You can't hide from God.
He's bigger than you.
He's bigger than you.
He's bigger than the whole world.
He's bigger than all reality.
He's bigger than all infinity.
Help me somebody.
She ain't got no legs.
My legs are on fire.
Whatever.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.

Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.



He's a great guy.




And he has a healthy puberty, his face has been mimed and put up more places than yours
has.
He smokes more prop than you do.
He's got more black and white dots on his face than you do.
You cannot hide from the J.R. Bob God.
You're the superhero of the universe.
You can't hide from God.
He's bigger than you.
He's bigger than all reality.
Help me somebody.
He's got no legs.
My legs are on fire.
Go with the lever, right down.
There you go, need some help, need some help?
Whoo, a prairie dog.
You can't run from your own legs.
There's not a man or woman in this auditorium tonight
who can run from their own legs.
If you run from your own legs,
what are you gonna use to run away from them with?
You can't run from your own legs.
You cannot hide from this man, J.R. Bob Dobbs,
because he's stupider than you.
You can't hide from God,
because he's bigger than you, he's bigger than all reality.
Whoo, help me, somebody, my legs are on fire.
Pull the lever down, you go,
she ain't got no legs, praise God.
You can't wash water, it's already wet.
All you're gonna do is make more water.
What are you gonna do, pour water on water?
You're just gonna end up with a bunch of water.
You can't wash water, you can't run from your own legs.
You can't hide from Bob, because he's stupider than you are.
You can't hide from God, because he's bigger than you,
he's bigger than all,
infinity, whoo, help me, somebody, my legs are on fire.
Pull the lever down, you go, she ain't got no legs.
Need some help, praise God.
You cannot wash soap.
What are you gonna do, cut it in half
and rub the two edges together?
You can't wash soap.
You can't wet water.
You can't run from your own legs.
You cannot hide from Bob, because he's stupider than you are.
You cannot hide from God,
because he's bigger than you, he's bigger than all, infinity.
Whoo, help me, somebody, she ain't got no legs,
my legs are on fire.
Pull the lever down, you go, need some help, praise God.
You cannot swallow your own throat.
What are you gonna swallow it with?
And if you use it to swallow it with,
then what are you gonna swallow?
You cannot swallow your own throat.
You cannot wash soap.
You cannot wet water.
You cannot run from your own legs.
You cannot hide from this man, J-Har Bob Dobbs,
because he's bigger than you, because he's stupider than you.
You cannot hide from God, he's bigger than you,
he's bigger than all, reality.
Whoo.
He had no legs, and you guys When the air is on fire,
This fishy taste of fry's coming up.
Of course no thing smells like


So, you cannotya don't be scared,
ACE is out.
Or you don't have outside most walls.
Your soul will heal later,
you all know that for that matter,
and none of this shit is gonna bring a fridge to God,
aw come on,
that's what you can do about it though.
Because you don't mean there is a chance here,
you've got to do something, hopefully,, for a living.
And cabaneros.
Let go of his ass.
стabbed.
You can't hide from God.
He's bigger than you.
He's bigger than all reality.
Help me, somebody.
She ain't got no legs.
Pull the lever down and go.
My legs are on fire.
I can smell praise dogs.
You cannot...
All right, friends.
I've got to be careful about how much is actually played of this song.
Yeah, see what I mean?
It's tricky.
It's tricky with these subgenius songs.
Well, that...
God, I wish I could play the rest of that.
It's such an...
You cannot hide from this man, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
He's stupid as you are.
You can't hide from God.
He's bigger than you.
He's bigger than all reality.
Help me, somebody.
She ain't got no legs.
Pull the lever down and go.
My legs are on fire.
I can smell praise dogs.
You can't think about your own brain.
That's part of the problem.
How are you going to think about your own brain?
There's going to be more thoughts spewing through.
You cannot think about your own brain.
You cannot wash soap.
You cannot wet.

You cannot drink water.
You can't run from your own legs.
You cannot hide from this man, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
He's really stupid as you.
You cannot hide from God.
He's bigger than you.
He's bigger than all reality.
Help me, somebody.
He ain't got no legs.
Pull the lever down and go.
My legs are on fire.
I can smell praise dogs.
First, let's look in the book of the subgenius, Free Scriptures 614, and yea, even the banks
shall topple.
There is no hope for the people in the end times, when these preachers of Bob Dobbs shall
come, and it shall wash away the filth and the unclean seed with the new seed, upon which
the mobile homes of the subgeni will float and be carried on high with their party equipment,
chainsaws, and scalpels.
Yea, lo!
Those doctors for Bob shall float or mount enter first, and achieve true slackness.
And now, friends, our rival cults, those dear, dear other denominations which I shan't mention,
whose numbers swell so every day, they, like us, see the family falling apart in America
today.
The attack on the American family.
And they're right.
Even as we speak, it is happening.
Father against son.
Sister against mother.
Father real close up against sister.
Yes, yes, yes, and civilization is falling apart.
One in every two marriages ends in divorce.
And these dear rival churches would say that this comes from pornography, from sex gags
on TV.
And premarital permissiveness.
Well that's a lie, my friends.
It's the devil's lie.
Now I know what you're thinking now, I'll say it again.
It's the devil's lie.
The devil is in that Texaco station.
The devil is in that car pulling up behind you right now.
The devil is in the IRS office.
The devil is everywhere.
The conspiracy is everywhere.
And it's tearing the family apart.
And I'll tell you how that devil does it.
And it's what those others are doing.

churches love the most? Oh it's what they say that we're trying to destroy and we
are. What's tearing the family apart is nine to five jobs. Conspiracy, corporate,
pink situations where daddy gets up in the morning and goes to work, kisses the kid
goodbye. It's the first time he sees him during the day, kissing him goodbye, kind of a
simultaneous goodbye and hello. Then he gets home about seven o'clock, ticked off
to use a polite term, after a long drive out back from the suburbs and he comes home
and he kisses his kids hello and goodnight and they go to bed. And the
other churches dare to say it's because the kids see a little tittering
dog.
And stupid sexy gags on television or it's because of the new permissiveness where men
are allowed to do things with other men. I say it's a bunch of holy hooey my friend.
I say why not legalize pornography and ban work? Work is what takes the parents away
from the kids. Most of the kids nowadays grow up and don't have parents at all. They have
scarecrows looking over them in some daycare center.
If that mother can bear with them, can stand to change diapers till they're one and a half,
she'll send them off to that daycare center just as quick as she can. And they're still
led by human teachers. It ain't robots yet. But the kids ain't got no parents.
Because Mr. and Mrs. Mommy and Daddy think it's so important to have jobs and jobs. And
security. It's so important to be a real American. A normal American. A normal American
that doesn't know his kids as well as he knows his boss. Or his employees might be a better
metaphor.
And we find then the family falling apart.
Oh they will.
Girl.
Oh that's gonna be Her哥는כ.
Seminares say that they need to consider,
Ah, rent,
um.
Not rent.
Ring me up a hour to at the table.
But wait a minute.
I know grandma's doing that.
I know what,

National News,
As J.R. Bob Dobbs himself once said, I don't practice what I preach because I'm not the
kind of man I'm preaching to.
But that preacher can get up there on TV and oh, he's so glad to keep you normal, keep
you working so hard you don't even know your own wife anymore, keep young wifey stuck in
the house with the kid 24 hours a day, turn her into a raven maniac from boredom and pinkness
while old dad, well, he's out making his sales calls and his martinis and that way mama don't
get no slack.
Mama turns into a nut, a dingy, cooped up housewife and you wonder why her kids turn
to drugs.
They see a woman.
They see her just as out of it as she can be and they think, well, I'm going to go get
messed up on drugs.
I don't want to be like her.
That's worse than being messed up on drugs.
It's a God's truth, my friend.
So next time they start saying how just because your subgenius book has some pictures of nakedness
and dirty words, you just come back at them and say, sir, sir, ma'am, do you work so hard
that you can't remember your kids' names?
Trying to preserve their names?

This little neighbor who worked so hard to keep the kids teaching your kids is gonna

This kid before I see you running into your Somehow completely
There's some kind of.
My GABANG emergency call.
So you're going to contra Taj people.
Okay.

Okay, take it easy girl.
Don't be in trouble.
Be quiet.
Jessica Heinola live in The Ranch.

No.
Go ye down.
There's nothing that says you can't.
The devil don't have a rule book.
That's right.
The devil.
The devil.
You heard me right.
Does not have a rule book.
He is not humanistic.
He is not pacifistic.
But that devil owes you money, my friend.
That's right.
The devil owes you money.
And so does Uncle Sam.
You have to recognize the devil just like you have to recognize Uncle Sam.
Now, I'm going down there to pay taxes.
As far as I'm concerned, I might as well be paying taxes to the devil.
I'm sorry.
It's just the way things are.
It's a test of faith.
It's why God put the devil down here to see if you can tell the difference between the devil and Uncle Sam.
You've got to fear that devil and that government.
They'll walk right over you.
The devil owes you money.
But Bob Dobbs is the bank where you can cash it in.
We've got to burn out the banks of the devil.
We've got to root him out.
Burn out the hate.
Burn out.
The radiation.
Burn out the fire.
These words may be harsh.
They may not go down well on the polished ears of the rationalists, the modernists, those who wish to see proof of Bob.
But I don't care what they say.
I'll keep preaching.
If ye go down, pull them with you.
Boy, these so-called, this so-called civilization.
On the day that we finally reach.
Realize that things are all backwards and we have slack without work.
And the promised kingdom of Bob Dobbs.
Then perhaps we'll find the true civilization which needs not Xerox machines nor fancy coats and ties.
It doesn't have to have them.
It can have them.
You can be civilized and you don't have to live in a cave.
But you're probably going to be more civilized being one of these characters that sits in a cave scratching his butt.
Then you are running around on this.
Treadmill of false slack.
Oh yes.
And look at the humans lining up for the slaughterhouse.
Oh yes.
The harvest.
It's a squirting universe, friends.
And that's why we have to call for your help on the great new tabernacle.
We've only been in there a month.
But it's going back into the hands of the conspiracy.
They're going to turn it into a war games participation video game.
Where we're reaching YB Mark Hamble to decide which of those Хотos of M Shark EST's would be a good time leaves.
Let's take this quick listen.

0 Is this...
0 The
0 Got
0 Cat
0 Advisory
0 Consultant
0 cult
0 Order
church a joke but I have to wonder is the subgenius church a joke or is this
world a joke Bob Dobbs owns deed and title to the church but who owns deed
and title to the world not Bob yet uh-uh no I'm afraid not no sir the conspiracy
owns this world those policemen on motorcycles they won't let me preach on
car hoods downtown because they think I'm a crazy man or a drunk man and they
got no reason to arrest me yet they would because I'm free free free enough
to rant to myself in public because I come for Bob Dobbs against taxes work
death and premature immaculation your mind has to be certified okay by them by
them dame dame and oh we have to
take them they and their tools of iniquity not the tools of the preacher
nay not the tongue nor the other parts but tools of false slack dangled
forever in front of you like that Rays right around the corner or like that rat
swimming in poison cheese and so we find that as my time is running out and it's
so sad that we only have 15 minutes on each
broadcast but it all balances out in one great religious urge well it does
doesn't it Thank You Reverend staying that was a beautiful sentiment there
hypocrisy in the church that thanks to Reverend Chris gross for the lovely
organ music in the background on on that one and here once more we get the hideous
and scary zoogs rift
face
6

they'll
your
you
As I was about to receive communion,
and you received my communication request,
but you didn't wonder, what is it that we know?
The great A.C. breaks.
Now there be no wine for the priest next Sunday.
Now there be no vino.
The congregation grew coins without making wishes.
Some of them landed into holy water dishes.
The apes saved them up.
They didn't spend any.
When you're locked behind bars, you can save every penny.
Now they can find freedom and find their salvation.
Their mouths holy water from holy salvation.
The priest's law spoke out in righteous indignation.
There'll be hell and damnation throughout the whole day.
Damnation!
You'd be hard-pressed to find a priest,
except at times when you need him the least.
Then at times when you need him the most,
you'll be drinking the wine and eating a host.
His guests, I guess, would have nothing to boast
when he's eating good cracker
and drinking a toast.
Toast!
Is there no end to your horrible imaginations?
None whatsoever, madam.
This is Dr.
Dr. Swerbob again.
Dr. Swerbob from Little Rock, Arkansas.
This is our next, quote, version, unquote, ma'am.
This is a little thing we do
about a process which is known as electroshock therapy,
a very therapeutic process
which has helped these young men
become productive members of the musical industry.
But hell, that wasn't nearly as bad as that time they...
shocked the living gee out of me.
Dr. Swerbob, the
Listen to my tale, then.
But why, why do you call me mad?
Could a madman have written songs such as these?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
I think not.
I'm not mad.
I'm merely an ordinary person seeking life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness.
My pursuit of happiness includes machine-gunning 127
innocent people.









Listen, children, if that's mad, go ahead, lock me up.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Just because I enjoy washing my face in the blood of infants,
is that any reason to lock me up?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
I think not.
I've even got a piece of paper that says my mind is still okay.
Hell, I bet that guy down at the employment agency
who wouldn't give me a job
just because I've been locked up one time,
bet he ain't got a piece of paper that says his mind is still okay.
Hell, I tried to tell them it was not me.
It was the green energy demons, but they merely laughed at me.
But now those green energy demons are ruling the planet.
They're not laughing right so hard now, are they?
But that wasn't nearly as bad as that time they
shocked the living gee outta me.
I tried to explain it was not me, it was the brain.
The brain was the one that was making me laugh.


The brain of Arlo Palmer, which was controlling my mind
via laser beam, via the FBI, via the CIA,
via the Communist Party, via satellite.
It was the demon, the demon that forced me to do the deed.
But that wasn't nearly...
Dot, dot, dot.
But it wasn't...
I'm not insane.
I'm more sane than Son of Sam and Charles Manson put together.
How many people must I kill to prove that I'm sane?
But that wasn't nearly as bad as that time they
shocked the living gee outta me.
Well, I didn't mind when they shocked the living pee outta me.
In fact, I kind of enjoyed it when they shocked the living see outta me.
I mean, that time they ran over my face with a pickup truck.
Oh, yeah, that was fun.
That time they cut me in half with barbed wire, and then peeled my face off.
And then pulled a bandaid off my anti-semitic arm.
Oh, yeah, that was fun.
That time they skinned me alive and called me dirty names.
Woo-ha! That was a big ol' cocaine party.
That one time they converted my entire body to a wall of membrane
whose only purpose was to feel pain.
No, that time they converted my entire body to a wall of membrane
attached to a human brain
whose only purpose was to feel pain.
And then applied the flame.
Oh, yeah, that was fun!
That time they converted every cell in my body
to the same nerve endings found in male testicles.
Enlarged each cell to the size of a sun.
And then inserted huge, sun-sized dentist drills
into each of these sun-sized male testicle cells.
else. Woo-ha! That was the time of my life compared to that time they shocked the living
gee out of me. Hell, I thought a frontal lobotomy was a warm fuzzy. I mean, I'm okay, you're
a frontal lobotomy, but it's all a very therapeutic process. Hell, that time they put me in the
room where you don't get any of the good pills. Then they had a needle that was so big they
had to lower me on top of it by a helicopter in order to anesthetize me. That was only
the needle. I'm not talking about the syringe. And even that wasn't anesthetized.
They had enough to put me out. Then they hooked me up to that device. I'm not talking
about that A.C. device. I'm talking about that D.C. device they had Jones' titty hooked
up to. Then they applied the electrodes to my head. I was still trying to explain to
them how I wasn't insane. I'm not a bad psychopath. But hell, all that was fun, I reckon. I guess
you'd call that a good party compared to that time they...
Shocked the living gee out of me.
You know what, when it comes to avisers, here's the thing. I think when guys really
regard self-finitely a steakhead, they're slightly fried in their mother's Sonny läuft

The best deal you can go into dating is when you're 8 or 9 years of age, aged 100 to 100,
and then you just sober up and go buy yourself twenty feet of food and make a bottle of candy.
Do it!
So Bob was there in 1776.
Bob formed up with David Crockett and all those other silly people with flintlocks and guns that really didn't shoot that far.
You understand?
Yes, giant guns that projected balls of lead around.
The flint was very much like a translucent brittle substance that was capable of sparking.
What are we going to do with this?
There are a couple of shows going on here, ladies and gentlemen.
We'll just have to fix the show.
If you'll just rewind your house, you can probably...
Here we go.
Why it doesn't sound more interesting.
Okay, it's dawn, and here's the picture of the Indian, and here are the lines.
And then you just stare at the TV for an hour while you eat your cereal, okay?
Okay.
And then we'll show you wavy grain, and here's a picture of New York Harbor.
Yeah, and here's some...
That's a nice wavy grain.
Yeah, here's a picture of Nebraska.
And here's Arizona.
This is contrast.
And then, see, here's some California.
And then slowly we introduce jet fighters.
Want to get a conversation started in your hometown?
Just mention what happened in Berkeley, California when frogs fell out of the sky.
It's so good and funny now.
I got the tape started again.
Okay, thanks, Mr. Mobius.
Sure, guys.
Thanks for that funny white powder.
Where'd you get that?
A coke.
The carbonation ruined my nose.
That's just a ground-up show, but he'll never know.
Wow.
I never tell, guys.
He must have used it all up himself.
I didn't see any.
There's not even any crusty residue around the top of his head.
Oh, I see.
Suck my nose.
Ah, those giant fuzzy slippers that Mobius Rex is wearing on his ears have gone to his head again.
Yes, yes, friends.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Just mention that.
Yes, well, well.
That story.
Listen, as I crank up the volume on my little...
Well, when I popped out, I was able to float around the room like a helium balloon.
Look at Bob.
There he goes.
He's floating.
He just floated out of the room.
He began to bleed.
Scurvy.
Everybody that wants to make a serious doubt of the known facts of the case, there's related
objects and organizations for reference and complaints.
Those of you out there still wondering what the hell is going on here, you can call up
8484.
No, you can't call up that number because, oh, friends, it's so sad, but our time is
slowly coming up now.
Don't worry, Norm, because I know that you're having incredible technical difficulties.
What?
Me worry?

So I've got a record here we can put on.
Praise Bob!
In the meantime, folks, I must say, while I still have this background music, that,
uh, while the church needs volunteers, this week we're about to mail out the new subgenius
pamphlet number two, which I've been slipping into people's back pockets and purses lately
because we didn't have enough postage.
And now we need that slave labor, all those Bobbies out there.
Send a postcard to us and get your pencil ready.
I'll read that number pretty soon.
I'll read it to you pretty quick.
And write us quickly if you want to.
If you're a friend of the church that we know, we'll actually allow you into our house to
do this slave labor for Bob, pasting stamps on 3,000 little pamphlets and making sure
it all works out.
Now get ready because I'm going to read that box number, or you can write for information
or to volunteer.
And that's P.O.
Box 140306.
Dallas, Texas.
P.O. Box 140306.
Of course it's Dallas, Texas, friends.
75214.
Once again, that's P.O.
Box 140306.
Dallas, Texas.
75214.
Ah, yes.
And now as our time is running out, I'm going to put on a record by Negative Land.
Negative Land is a fantastic recording group.
It's hard to call them a band exactly.
You can write us to find out where to get their records too because they self-distribute
them.
You might be able to find them at some of the special record stores around here.
But I consider this band that I'll play after the closing titles, if I have to.
You have to.
Okay.
But first, before that, we'll be hearing Buck Naked's beautiful close-off song, Drinking
Bud, Watching Bob, as requested earlier tonight.
Thank you.
Drinking Bud, Watching Bob.
Drinking Bud Wiser, Watching Bob on TV.
Swallowing red man, the day my coon dog died.
Reading the pamphlet over and over again.
Eyes drinking.
Thinking Budweiser and Bob was on TV.
The day that Uncle got kicked by a mule.
I was with Cousin Junior.
The DNA backfired.
I was drunk.
I was lonely.
I was plastered.
I was drinking Budweiser.
And Bob was on TV.
Drinking Budweiser.
Watching Bob on TV.
Swallowing Redman.
The day my coon dog died.
I was reading the pamphlet.
Over and over again.
I was drinking Budweiser.
And Bob was on TV.
I was drinking Budweiser.
And Bob was on TV.
Do you like Bob?
Yeah!
Do you like Ivan Stank?
Yeah!
Like my little drum man?
Yeah!
How about Buckley's Evidence?
Yeah!
What about Dr. Sparrow?
Whoa!
How about Pasha Buckley again?
Yeah!
Buckley's Evidence.
Yeah!
I'm a good guy.
Yeah!
About Paul Papini.
Yeah!
St. Jane.
Oh, how to please.
Yeah!
Gotta be a covillian.
Yeah!
About my friend, D.K. Jones.
Yeah!
I'm never this physical.
Oh!
I'm a hot-ass.
I'm a dreamin' experience guy.
Well friends.
Norm's still setting up and this,
I'm ready.
Oh, you're ready?
It's time.
Oh!
Have at it.
It's your theme music time buddy.

Music, please.
Turn it on.
Okay.
We ready?
Hit it.
Hit it again.
Hit this?
Pause.
Oh.
And?
I don't care what you say.
Irving Stang is a tough act to follow.
Yeah.
Wait until you get to the afterlife, pal.
Again?
Just before life.
Listen.
You understand?
You want to take this home with you?
It didn't work.
It didn't work.
It didn't?
No.
That subgenius pamphlet I left in your bag didn't bring you eternal salvation?
Not yet.
Does that mean I have to give you triple your money back?
It's a good thing I gave it to you for free.
Yeah, this cover price of, what, $1?
It doesn't say U.S. American or anything.
I like the UPC code there.
I'm sure that's an exclusive code of the subgenius.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, we have our own.
And those codes.
You got your own zip code, too, right?
Yeah.
That comes after the UPC code.
That's why you can just write Bob at 75214 and it'll get there.
Next week.
Yeah.
And just think about Bob.
Throw those pills in the mailbox and think about Bob.
I don't want that over here.
Put it out on the community bulletin board where it'll do everybody.
Does this offend your religious sensibilities or something?
Where it will do everybody some good, Irving Stang.
I've been leaving them everywhere.
I want to share the subgenius.
I've been leaving them everywhere.

I want to show you folks that this radio is.
God, man.
I can't believe you don't want it.
This thing will be worth a bucket load of peach can peaches come the apocalypse.
Oh, you laugh now.
You laugh now and don't listen to him.
Oh, it's a big joke.
I've heard him joke about hell, too.
Wait a minute.
Yeah.
Wait a minute.
Hell's a big joke.
It's a popular joke these days.
Ha, ha, ha.
Irving Stang, your hour is up.
Oh, you got it.
Thank you.
You're welcome.






I'm trying to get these little frames out of here.
I understand.
I understand.
Have we got a second mic yet?
Well, it's in here.
But guess who, guess who, guess who we got here?
How can you be such a big Gene Scott fan?
Not today.
Are you making fun of Dr. Gene Scott, Norm?
Because I think Dr. Gene is one of, and I'm serious here, I believe that Dr. Gene Scott
is a big fan of Dr. Gene Scott.









He's one of the greatest preachers on television right now, and I want his job at 12 hours

Okay, wait.
Do you think, do you think Dr. Gene Scott might be an underground subgenius?
Oh, we ought to be finding out pretty soon.
We've got infiltrators working in his ministry.
I say this because, to assure disbelief.
He's into the same thing the Church of the Subgenius is, which I don't know what it is.
You can tell he's into the same thing.
That's a bad.
Say no more.
Say no more.
You heard it here first.
We need Dr. Gene Scott.
Yeah.
Please, Gene.
Please, Dr. Gene.
When we call, pick up the phone.
