One, two, one, two!
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack.
Number 1,653 or 63 or 4, I can't remember.
Anyway, yeah, we're here in Glen Rose, Texas, broadcasting from Tarzan's radio station.
And this is going to be the greatest show ever.
I just know it.
I can feel it in my buds.
Quiet in there.
Quiet, dear friends.
Quiet out there in the audience.
Quiet.
I can't hear myself think.
Who is that?
Quiet out there.
And I mean quiet.
That was Icky Twerp himself.
Ah.
That was the guy that introduced the Three Stooges and Popeye cartoons on Channel 11
and Fort Worth all through the 50s and 60s.
And he was the horror host who hosted Nightmare, which showed the universal classic horror
movies and much worse things.
And yes, yes, yes.
We're here to share our bountiful, bountiful slack.
And try to make it a little bit more fun.
And try to remember what all the terrible problems are in the world.
Because for some reason when we start the show, we just seem to forget all those burdens
and all the troubles.
Because it's the hour, the one hour where we get slack.
Saw those troubles fall away.
We're able to just soar with happiness and slack.
Slack.
So.
Let's listen to something slackful right now.
All right.
Okay let's get out of this.
Gotta say something.
Gotta form.
Gotta produce.
Gotta record.
Gotta sell it.
It's okay.
It's okay.
It's okay.
It's okay.
It's okay.
It's okay.
It's okay.
It's okay.
It's okay.
It's okay.
It's okay.

It's okay.
It's okay.
It's okay.
It's okay.
It's okay.
It's okay.


AHHHHHHHHH
Take the attention you might want to move
What?
AHHHHHHHHH
AHHHHHHHHH
AHHHHHHHHH
Bob, this is the hour of slack
Praise Bob
Brace yourself
AHHHHHHHHH
Bob
AHHHHHHHHH
Bob, Bob
AHHHHHHHHH
Design for the digital domain
The Church of the Subgenius
Good show to me Bob
Thanks
Good energy
Yeah
Okay I got it
Okay I got it
Okay I got it
Okay I got it
Credit is due to Reverend Cool Hand Chris who did the collages we've been hearing
Now this is all in theory because I haven't actually put any of this together yet
This is a good thing
This is one of those shows
AHHHHHHHHH
AHHHHHHHHH
AHHHHHHHHH
Okay now that all the credits have been done
For stuff that we don't know what it'll be yet
Let's try Lonesome Cowboy Dave
Yes let's try Lonesome Cowboy Dave
I want to talk to him
AHHHHHHHHH
AHHHHHHHHH
AHHHHHHHHH
AHHHHHHHHH
AHHHHHHHHH
つblickつольз Loop
Soome
All guitar
L-E-L-O
The low note
Pea
Pea
The L-E-L-O
Pea
Pea
It's the day.
This is like the third show that the first thing he talked about was nostrils and nasal stuff.
I keep trying to do these things.
Not my atomic submarines or any of those police force alien, you know, elementatas.
Your discharges as opposed to your depth charges, right?
Yeah.
In a gastric sense, perhaps even more so.
Because the depth charge in your stomach is so much worse than the discharge that follows.
Oh, wait.
No, I guess.
The eschewer.
The discharge is...
The variable eschewer, yes.
Yeah, I had some...
I ate some soup that had turned, I think.
I'm starting to feel that little depth charge myself.
Well, many soups do become Communist Party members after the Fourth of July celebrations.
No, man.
Joe McCarthy was framed.
He was framed, I tell you.
He was a great American hero.
Actually, I have an...
I have an...
I have an unfortunate friend whose obsession is that.
Thinking that Joe McCarthy was a hero?
Yeah, Joe McCarthy was a hero.
He was right about all the commies in the U.S.
The CIA knew it, and they were the ones who shut him down because they're the commies.
Yes, this particular friend is a very old and cranky Trump supporter.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Very, very, very old.
Older than you and me, Dave, even though his birthday is a lot sooner.
He's a lot older.
Well, everyone's...
I guess that's the new thing that's going to be happening.
Everybody's birthday is going to be sooner than previously posthumed.
Meaning you're going to actually have to pretend you've been dead for 10 years,
and then they'll put you in a 15-year spin overdrive.
And I would think that would be something that the Church of the Subgenius,
if for God's sake, if for the love of Dobbs,
if they could put something together to stop this awful expressionism
and measurements of bad behavior.
I'm getting so sick and tired of it, I think I'm going to...
I'm not going to join the Republican Party.
But I'm certainly not going to join the Republican Party.
But what can the Church of the Subgenius do about this, Dave?
I mean, we're not as big...
I don't know.
We're not as big as the Republican Party or even the Democrats.
We're not even as big as the Scientology Party.
We are bigger than the People's Temple.
Of course, it's not growing anymore.
Yeah, the People's Temple, as they used to call it.
I remember that.
It was back in 1922.
That was a great band.
Unfortunately, that was the band of the guy I was just talking about.
But let's go past that.
Yeah.
My favorite band right now is Russian Robo Patrol.
Russian Robo Patrol?
Yeah.
Russian Robo Troll.
Russian Robo Troll.

You know, that is a very, very popular band.
I hear them constantly.
In fact, almost every time I listen to the comments section, if anything,
anywhere, I hear the Russian Robo Troll band.
And they were giving out two tampons to you,
two fresh ones that hadn't been used before,
to both men and women.
And some guys, your limit was two.
And some guys were taking...
And two, and they didn't even need one.
I certainly don't...
I don't understand that at all.
It makes very, very little sense to me.
Well, but sell them on the black market
to really, really poor people
who can't get tampons any other way.
Yeah.
Because they're also men.
Or men, women.
Or women, men, women.
Kind of makes me cry.
And everybody...
You know, right now, the law is down on women,
and men, women, and anything that's even slightly confusing.
They want to make sure everything's really squared off,
90-degree angles.
Clear delineation.
Blockhead.
Yes.
Yeah.
I saw another one of them, too,
had both like a female and a male icon in front of a restroom,
meaning anybody who ever got in there first could use it.
That's just as good.
Think what could happen.
A man could walk in on a woman
and see something he'd never seen.
Or vice versa.
Apparently, that's what the lock is for.
Oh, oh, oh.
Why do I always forget the lock?
On purpose.
I bet you do.
I see you look at a squinty little eyeball
staring at a bare-naked 52-year-old woman
with her eyes full of gossip and shocks
and cruel diatribes against her daughter-in-law.
Well, it's not me looking at them.
I just always wondered what they would think
of the way I do number three.
Number three?
Uh-huh.
I mean, I can't really do number three.
Bob, only Bob can do number one, number two, and number three.
And I don't really even know what number three is.
I know he has to stand in front of this machine and groan.
But I like to think, you know, I like to pretend that I...
What would a 52-year-old naked lady think
if she walked into the unisex bathroom
and there I was doing number three?
I could say something really gross, but I don't think I would.
Go ahead. We can cut it later.
Go ahead.
Well, it could...
Number three could be the diverter bag...
Emptying?
Emptying, yeah.
Well, it's a common usage...
No, no, because...
It's a common usage on radio right now,
on the above-ground radio.
I heard a commercial.
They said, I...
Well, it looks to me like number three,
or you can't tell whether it's one or two.
And the other guy was talking about being
less than 45 feet from the bathroom.
And it was some kind of, you know,
anti-diarrhea medicine.
And they called it number three,
right on the radio, on the AM radio,
on some stupid commercial.
Number three.
Number three being diarrhea.
Yeah, well, where can I get this medicine?
Quick. I mean, right now.
Hurry.
Oh, too late. Oh, man.
Well, you need your sausage...
Sausage flavor...
It was the dog. It was the dog that did it.
Buddy did that.
Oh, you're blaming it on Buddy now.
Yeah.
Oh, poor Buddy.
He didn't do it.
Did he hear us talking about him?
He's a good boy.
He's upstairs chewing on his rawhide.
Chewing on his rocks.
Booludin' booludin'.
He's got all the rocks he can chew on out here.
I got in trouble with a teacher for saying
he was chewing a rock,
but actually I was just a witness.
The guy used to stuff Clark bars in his mouth
when he'd go into the laboratory
behind the children's back
to go and get a specimen to show them.
And he'd go in there and he'd say,
in the geology part stuff that they were showing,
he'd go in there and he'd go get a rock and stuff.
And he'd stuff like a Clark bar in his mouth
and be chomping away on it.
And he walks back into the lecture hall and stuff.
He's tossing the rock up and down.
He's chomping away on something.
And somebody screams out,
Jesus Christ, he's eating a rock!
Well, now that may seem funny to us now,
but in the future that will just be,
you know,
that won't be much to eat.
But rocks.
And guess what?
We have to sell the rubes.
Plenty of.
That's about all we have is rocks.
But rocks, too.
The soft, squishy kind.
No, no.
No, we only have limestone.
Every kind of limestone you can think of.
And they're great with vinegar.
When you pour vinegar on limestone,
it fizzes.
It does.
It really does.
He's not kidding.
After Twangies,
I remember that.
You know, we haven't done our hydrochloric acid experiments yet.
We've got the acid.
We have the rubber gloves.
I even have a gas mask that I've never used
just for dropping big, chunky rocks that I suspect
might have cool fossils inside into the vat.
We haven't done that.
That was an experiment we were working towards.
And, yeah, we haven't done the acid test
out here.
We haven't done the acid test out here at the ranch yet.
With the acid.
I mean the real hydrochloric acid.
It's watered down over there.
Yeah, because that's what you clean stones with, isn't it?
Yeah, it is.
Yeah.
But you can't use it like it's just regular detergent or something,
or you'll go blind or have it be cold.
You can't.
I know what you're really thinking.
No, you can't use it like LSD.
You can't use it like that kind of acid.
Oh, man, they told me there was too much acid in the orange juice,
and I thought it was LSD.
Actually, I suppose it would work if you...
If you put it on your tongue, it would just burn a hole in your tongue,
and you wouldn't trip.
But if you put it on the very top of your head in an undiluted way,
eventually it might make its way down past the skull and brain barrier,
and maybe you would trip a bit.
I don't think I want to try that.
You know, there are some forms of rock and stone cookery.
There's stone soup.
You've heard of stone soup, haven't you?
Yeah.
I have.
They use that on despots and trumps, don't they?
No, no, that's what the poor people use.
Yeah, stone soup is where you just have a pot and a stone and some water,
and then everyone brings, you know...
You get stoned on the pot.
Yeah, man, cool!
It's the con stone, dude!
Native Americans have been using that for thousands of years,
and everybody had their own soup stones.
They used to call them, and they'd be real pretty or really super good ones.
They'd just toss it in there, and automatically all the veggies cook right up,
like in five seconds and stuff.
Wow.
Magic stone.
In Bob's prophecy, there really is a magic stone that will give you everything you want.
It's called MWOM.
It's really the most sophisticated computery system imaginable.
It's nanobots that form the dust coating your walls, and they protect you.
MWOM.
If someone attacks you, it saps them and stops them.
You're insulting me.
It's a magic stone.
It's a magic stone that can stop them and cures their criminal tendencies,
and vice versa, if you have bad thoughts, it can zap you and make you normal again.
Or subgenius, as the case may be.
It depends on what you want.
It's a very beneficial AI that will control everything all the time, forever.
But it might be...
After X-Day.
And you'll never have to take more normalin.
Now, wait a minute.
You'd be taking normalin, but you said you would continue...
More normalin.
More normalin.
More normalin.
You wouldn't be taking more...
I'd take 50 milligrams every half an hour.
Oh, God.
Actually, I wish I could get more normalin, but they say I'm already normal.
The fools.
If I could get some more normalin...
No, they must not know.
You see, if you're not normal, it gets you really high.
If you're normal, it just makes you more normal.
Yeah, I was thinking if you could fool them like that, perhaps you'd get huge amounts of normalin.

I don't know how many dollars I'd get.
I'm thinking about that.
I don't even know if there is one.
Well, in name only these days.
Well, righteously so, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't either.
I really don't either.
I don't either.
I have never...
I've been afraid to get on the welfare system.
I could probably qualify, but I'm afraid to because then the man would have me wrapped up in a...
I'd be wrapped around his little dewclaw.
...beyond his radar.
Right, because you don't qualify for anything.
I wish.
That would be so great to not qualify for anything.
They'd leave you alone.
You wouldn't get any junk mail.
You wouldn't get bills.
You wouldn't get anything.
You don't qualify for anything.
Sorry, you don't qualify.
You can't have a job or be a slave.
You don't qualify for slavery.
Oh, no.
Gosh, I'll just have to go support myself.
How terrible.
How awful.
Listen to this music in the background.
You can't hear it.
Poor Dave can't hear it.
Dave can't hear it.
It's not in the good part now.
It's beautiful because it's charming classical music with a Jew's heart.
A Jaws heart.
Jaws heart.
You can say...
Go ahead.
You can say that word.
I'm sorry.
Right.
Go ahead and say it.
Jew's heart.
That's what it is.
It's a Jew's heart.
Right.
You and Howard Stern have the right to say that.
Just like the flower, the wandering Jew flower.
I mean, there's nothing wrong with saying that.
Do you have to say jaw, wandering jaw flower?
If you're an Anglo, you know, wasp guy, kinda, yeah, that's kinda what you're supposed to say.
That's just silly and you're full of bologna and cheese sandwiches.
Did you say bologna and Jew sandwiches?
I did not.
I think you said cheese sandwiches, right?
I did not say bologna and Jew sandwiches.
I said bologna and cheese sandwiches.
We really can't say that.
You're all quoting Willie Allen right now and I'm getting a very big headache thinking about it.
I know.
I understand.
Let's just move on.
Yes.
Let's move on.
I could say I felt nauseous, but you did it.
Oh.
I feel like a rumored Philistine, if you know what I'm talking about in sideways language.
I don't make any sense of why that's happening.
A rumored Philistine?
Is that what he said?
Yeah, meaning I'm a person of low intellect and so forth and don't support the arts.
I support myself with, never mind.
That's blasphemy.
Yeah, he supports himself with a supporter.
That is blasphemy.
I know what you mean by supporter.
I'm a supporter.
You cannot be making those claims about me.
He's got a lot of straps.
You need to be ready.
The supporter has a lot of straps, doesn't it, Dave?
And little buckles.
Well, yeah.
If you wear a jockstrap on your head and you take one of your sister's dresses and drape
it around your neck and drive through the neighborhood on your bicycle going geek, geek,
geek, geek, geek like that there, you know?
Yeah.
On your paper route.
On your paper route.
You could grow up to be even more warped than ever.
It's just like you pop.
You've seen too many pop-up cars.
Or cartoons.
How did he know I'd referred to Popeye cartoons on the little bit before we even called it?
Cosmic connection.
You see, that's the weird thing about Hour of Slack is you'll hear somebody say something
at the beginning of the show and in the middle of the show somebody else will refer to it
except that, and you think that it's connected.
But it's not.
It's just a coincidence.
But that person didn't hear it at the beginning of the show, right.
Yeah.
It's like some spasmodic dance that people do in their own home.

They're underpants and they don't even know they're part of a satanic ritual.
Well, it's like the background projections at a subgenius show.
It's got like a different little bad film clip or news clip or old still photograph or
bob art or something every half second.
It's just hammering, throwing a million images at you and some preacher is preaching up on
the stage and about every tenth image seems to perfectly fit what the preacher's talking about.
Absolutely.
Now, this is just pure chance.
But random synchronicities do happen.
But it works.
Random synchronicity, well, it's just random.
It's not synchronicity.
There's no such thing.
Yeah.
Sorry.
Sorry, everybody.
There's no such thing as synchronicity.
It's just coincidence.
That's all it is.
There's no plan.
You're the one who gives it meaning.
You're the one who makes the connections.
Your mind is the god that makes it all make sense.
Well, then my mind is God.
God.
Yeah.
God.
The face of God.
Is it the face you ever knew?
Man, that makes me want to play one of those Bob Walkenhorst songs that he wrote outside
of the Rainmakers.
The face of God.
No, child of God is the scariest bug.
No, the face of God is every face you ever knew.
I know.
But the child of God is the scariest bug I ever saw.
You're back on the child of God.
Yeah.
The child of God.
Yes.
Yes.
The Jerusalem cricket.
Yeah, you're freaking me out right now.
The Jerusalem cricket.
Yes.
Yeah.
Princess Wee has this weird fear of this simple, humble animal called the Jerusalem
cricket.
It happens to, by coincidence, not synchronicity, have a face that looks like a human skull.
And it's kind of a large-
Well, yeah, I think I've seen that.
I'm familiar with that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Pale cricket.
There's the death's head moth, too.
This is all just coincidence.
It's not Satan working.
It's not rock stars managing-
It's getting chills.
Intelligent design.
It's just a coincidence.
You're saying it's not David Bowie or any other-
It's not David Bowie or Boo.
... the reptile of early in 1980s.
It's not the-
Wait.
It could be, couldn't it?
I mean, couldn't he have-
Hey, Dave, hold on.
Hold on, Dave.
... like if he were to get a zoning covariate?
Dave, you have to stop talking for a minute.
He can't hear.
I have to listen to something for a minute.
He can't hear.
... a man's voice.
He can't hear.

Dave, I had to stop and listen to theme from Summer Place, sung by Lolita in German.
The reason is it was one of my mom's favorite songs.
I thought it was a theme song from Lolita sung by a German dressed up as an animal.
No, that cut comes up next.
Oh, yeah.
I love that.
... on camera 3.
...
...
...
...
...



He's kind of matching up.
Yeah.
Again, it's coincidence.
It's not magic.
...
...
...

Not bad, Dave, considering he can't hear the music.
...

I thought it was a pretty good psychic meter.
You don't have to really hear it.
It's like we used to go play conscience at the Columbus School for the Deaf,
and they couldn't hear real notes or anything like that,
but the beat somehow got through into their tympanic eardrums,
and all their troubles were melted away like a candy bar.
Yeah, deaf people can dance.
Oh, they have dance parties. Absolutely.
Deaf can dance. That was a very funny humorous phrase that went around.
You feel it in your gut, especially if they go to like a loud, heavy metal punk concert.
Or disco.
Yeah, you don't have to have ears for that.
You only have to have feet. You can feel it through the floor.
That's how I shot my hearings, how I wrecked my sight.
Oh, boy, I dreamed of that the other night.
I think people were like, once again, not passing out tampons
or revealing the secrets of the mighty third nostril.
They were actually going through everybody's papers,
like they were checking them out to see if they were in the right place at the right time.
That's kind of scary.
That is scary.
They are going through everybody's papers, checking them twice.
They're trying to find out who's naughty and nice.
Well, they're going to decide everybody's been naughty.
And they'll nicely squish us like a summer turnip.
Like a summer place.
But they're not going to let us.
Be naughty or nice.
They're going to keep that information on file until they need to move us into the Patriot camps.
But it's okay. We'll get snacks.
P's told us.
Yeah, let us.
We're in the Patriot camps. They're not that bad. We'll get snacks.
If P said it, then you could bank on it.
Anti-psychotic parallel bars.
They have little games and dances.
They single out the children sometimes.
And make sure that they get them.
Yeah.

And do the most important dance.
There's the shoharis, you know, the magnetic beings that scare the Indians around.
Sometimes.
Oh, it's wonderful.
I cried there.
I cried like a weeping little small baby person.
I know nothing.
I think he's thinking of something in his past.
I know nothing of these things.
He's disassociated.
He's been in the Patriot camp for so long, he doesn't even know he's in there.
Yes.
I think the magnetic camps are bad for the natives.
We've seen this with Dave before.
I guess.
When he was in that little spaceship for a thousand years in suspended animation, he thought he was in the radio station at WCSB in Cleveland.
And when he, when the other time he thought he was in the radio station in Cleveland, he was in hell for ten billion eternities.
I remember that.
Yeah, you remember that.
I'll never forget that.
I just kind of like, I totally forgot about that.
I think I was trying too hard to make it go away.
He just said, I'm dropping this from my memory quadrant right now.
It's tough being a big mammal.
Well, I can do no other monster other than be a big mammal because I was actually raped by, by, um, satanic devils and stuff.
He doesn't have a, he has no, he has to be a pig man because he was raped by his handed devil.

Oh, I see.
When you're a 12, 13, maybe 25 year old pig nose person, you have a lot of problems with, they just come out of everywhere.
Sometimes you forget to close the door and you, you know, give it a little jar because that's what it was meant to do.
And people, uh-oh, Buddy knows how it is.
Buddy knows exactly how it is.
Yep.
Sounds like he does anyway.
I wonder, yeah, I don't know if the audience could hear Buddy.
Yeah, if you could, then they could.
Okay, now what do we need to remember?
I have these notes here, and the first thing on my note says, it's a question.
What do we need to remember?
Why, when, and where, and who are also important.
Well, okay, first off, it's late February of the year the conspiracy calls 2018.
18.
Yeah.
Princess Wee has already had her birthday, so that's not what I'm supposed to remember.
Okay, the X Day, well, the world ends July 5th, assuming this is the year 1998.
And assuming this is the world, too, you know, you've got to remember that.
And we'll have the big X Day party as we await X Day at that secret place in Ohio that you can only go to if you're a subgenius minister,
and you can only be a subgenius minister if you do the thing that I can't say on the broadcast.
Public supported radio.
But what else do we need to remember?
We need to know what kind of food we're going to be carrying to the magnet party, because the giant locusts...
Oh, I don't have to worry about that. It'll be catered.
Oh, well, you know how they get gigantic locusts. They get angry and stuff.
You don't want to start arguing about the catering.
We actually are going to that party in about two weeks.
It's called...
South by Southwest.
And our new friends in Austin who are making the subgenius movie are the original organizers of that.
And so we'll be partying with rock stars and movie stars.
But the thing is, Princess, we and I don't know...
We don't recognize any modern rock stars or movie stars as such.
So we don't, you know, go to the rock and...
We don't go to the concerts of today.
And we don't do the movies of today until tomorrow.
Oh, I know what we're supposed to remember.
Neighborworld.
That fabulous novel, Neighborworld, by lonesome cowboy Dave DeLuca.
The guy that I'm on the phone with right now.
Neighborworld.
It's incredible.
I can't believe that every listener of this show hasn't acquired their e-copy or print copy of Neighborworld.
The novel.
Because it's so neighborly.
It's groovy, man.
It's a little bit...
It's not neighborly.
Friendly.
It's just the opposite of that, Stang.
You misrepresented it.
It's supposed to be like a sinister but upbeat...
Stuff like that there.
Yeah.
Hey, you wouldn't believe this because you can't hear it.
But what's in the background right now is which disco...
I think recorded at some winter star or something.
Wait, this doesn't sound like which disco.
I don't...
Let me double check this.
That's not which disco.
It could be Starwood.
No, no, no.
It's got too much...
The guitar playing is too...
It's not of a Dave-like nature.
This remote control won't help me or tell me anything.
It's got a tanger on your neck.
It's squeezing you slowly like a boiled egg.
The display won't display.
Well, I give up.
Whatever the hell this background music is, it sucks.
It's terrible.
Okay, what else do we have to remember?
Oh, listen, friends.
If you've never heard the Hour of Slack radio show,
it's a great subgenius radio show.
It's almost as good as Suzy the Fleece's Bob Slack Time Funhouse on WREK
and Puzzling Evidence Show on KPFA
and even that new one, this is Time Out for the Show.
It's Time for the Show, yeah.
Those cussing guys.
Yeah.
Yeah, so, you know, you should listen, folks, to Hour of Slack.
It's on subgenius.com.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's telling them, Stang.
I don't know what the hell you're telling them,
but that's telling them, that's for sure.
I think you have one of those balding spots in the back of your head
and not in front of it
because that's what makes me always think of chimpanzees,
especially when I was little.
It was one of my favorite condiments,
like eating red pepper and relish and stuff.
Stuff like that and arguing with policemen
and people that used to come and take me back to summer camp
and they would keep me in their base.
You know, some of those colleges have basements
with torture devices in them.
That's scary to think of, but I believe you.
Why is it that I block Bernard,
but I let Dave be on the show every week?
Because Dave has the clarity.
He's a guy that...
I don't know.
I called and left four-minute messages
every ten minutes on my message machine for 40 years.
Oh, the guy that broke your machine.
Yeah, but he didn't...
Yeah, he broke your...
I don't think he cares whether anybody listens to him.
The main thing is he says that same message,
four-minute message over and over again.
But it's okay, Dave, because, hey,
I decided to stop reliving my life today.
No, I really did, Princess.
Okay.
Well, you...
Yeah, I...
I think I told you about this.
See, I've been reliving my life in still photographs.
It's part of my job,
because I'm trying to help those people
make that documentary about the church's subgenius.
We didn't have video cameras around in the early 80s
or all the time,
but there's a lot of stills,
and I had to dig them up
and scan them and make them nice.
And it's my life.
I've actually looked...
I've looked at pictures of my life
from 1953 to 2001.
And then I stopped reliving it tonight.
I got through the end of all the photos of 2001,
which was a damn lot of subgenius event photos.
Well, that's a good thing.
It's true, Dave.
You were in some,
because we did Euclid Tavern devivals in Cleveland in 2001.
Jeez.
But we also did Amsterdam.
Amsterdam.
Burning Man.
Winter Star.
Starwood.
X-Day.
I got to Tampa, Florida, I think.
All in 1991.
No, no, 2001.
2001.
What the conspiracy goes to.
Where were we all in 1995?
In 1995, we were on the world,
the subgenius world tour,
and I was opening for GWAR at four shows
until they kicked me.
They kicked you off the tour.
They kicked you off the tour in Cleveland, didn't they?
No, no.
Cleveland was the first night.
I got pelted by garbage from the audience.
Oh, yeah, I remember that.
And I changed my approach
from a half-hour multimedia show
to about five minutes of me pretending to be the local DJ
who was saying,
Are you ready for GWAR?
I've been backstage partying.
I've been taking drugs.
I've been having sex.
Are you ready for GWAR?
By the way, I'm here to talk about Bob.
J.R. Bob Dobbs and the Church of Subgenius.
Because we're partying for GWAR!
And Bob is more important than anything else
you'll ever hear tonight.
Because, yeah!
And that would work.
That worked.
That worked.
Until Odorous, the late Odorous Serungus,
realized that I was actually getting paid more
for that five or ten minutes of fakery
than he was for wearing this heavy, heavy costume
and wearing this heavy, heavy costume.
And singing for an hour and a half.
Because you had to split the money
with the slot manager and everybody else.
Yeah.
Well, they had a crew of 19 people.
Yeah, that's right.
Including all the bohabs and slaves that run around
Spraying blood and piss.
Changing the hose connections.
You know, from the pea-colored hose
to the blood-colored hose
to the white-colored hose.
Yeah, quite a crew.
Sick of you!
I'm so sick of you!
And he would be spraying the audience
through a hose coming out of his groin
filled with yellowish, yellow-tainted water.
It smelled kind of salty.
I wish he had a baby that he pulled from her womb.
But yeah, that was what I did in 1995.
I filmed those concerts from the balcony every night.
And I've...
Saw some of them on the internet.
With no credit.
Anyway, Dave, in the course of assembling my life
in photographs,
I had a lot of fractions of other people's lives.
Like Princess Wee, who I'm married to.
You can imagine I had a lot of pictures of her.
There were pictures of you, Dave.
And I...
Everyone who's been interviewed in this movie,
I've been putting each picture,
each year,
of each person,
into that person's personal folder.
So that I now have a folder that,
for instance,
Princess Wee,
from when she was a little girl,
all the pictures I have anyway,
all the way through her subgenius career,
her Starwood career,
singing with revelry.
It's like a time-lapse thing of her movie.
And there's one like that of your life too, Dave.
It's shorter.
Because we didn't meet you until like 1992
or something.
It's been a year or so.
And most of the photos of you,
you're playing guitar with Einstein's Secret Orchestra.
There's a few in the radio station.
And there's a few where you're confronting
the evil baby, baby head twin on the back of your head.
And the narcotic policeman's with you too, man.
Remember when we used to have to get that guy
the heck on out of there because, you know,
and nuclear weapons is not the way to prove anything.
But yeah, Dave, there's a Dave folder.
There's a We folder.
Of course, the biggest folder is my folder.
But a Philo, there's a really long, there's a big.
People brag like that.
I know, I can't help it.
Hey, look, I got a big folder.
If you got it, flaunt it.
Philo, Puzzling Evidence, Dr. Howell, Paul Mavridis, Susie the Floozy.
I can't wait to fast forward through those.
Listen, look, there's Susie in the background.
Is this Susie?
She's not Chinese, is she?
Oh, she's from the land of Moab and has come to the great process of fixing a nuclear face.
I really don't know what this is.
Now, you say that Dave can't hear, and yet it seems like he always can.
Well, it's the coincidence.
He just throws out something at random and it happens.
It's to match what is actually heard in the background that he can't hear.
This is either, I think this is Leo Kup or Rydio.
Well, what actually just happened?
Did something kind of paranormal or excitement actually happen?
No, actually nothing, no, no.
It sounds like two or three women that are making wonderful sounds that sound wonderful together.
I'm still like, ooh...
Oh, hmm...
Why is this so slow?
Oh, right now it's something real.
It meows so the whole time I'm at an awkward spot.
I don't even know if it's me but I already thank God.
Well, you should say, hey, I like to write the script that I wrote to Kandahar's family.

I can't write
At all.
That hand full of cardboard.
Going to mention me in the cries.
Thank you.
Thanks.


I can't believe she used her English.
I'm not sure if I'm not in it.
I may be in it.
Well, we'll find out when we look at the we folder.
It's not as big as the giant folder.
The we folder is pretty wee.
It's small.
Hey, voting happens in Texas in a couple of weeks.
And I have a Texas voters registration card, which is pretty hard to get.
Well, actually, if you're an Anglo-Saxon guy with a Texas accent and kind of a light brownish skin to very pale, getting a Texas voters registration is no problem at all.
And your last name doesn't end with Ia or Agiguez or Ayaz or anything like that.
It's real easy to get a Texas voters.
You know, there's nobody you have to bribe or you don't have to argue with any of the authorities or have any kind of like arranging with a local community.
Well, it's probably not a good idea.
You probably shouldn't wear your hope and change button or your I'm with her button or any of those buttons.
Oh, I know what we forgot to remember.
What did we forget?
Bob.
Everything.
And Slack.
We totally forgot what the whole thing is all about.
J.R. Bob Dobbs, the guru of Slack.
All over the window written in blood.
Don't forget to talk about Bob.
Right.
Exactly.
They'll find out.
There's no use trying to hide.
They'll find it's blood.
You can't hide Bob and you can't hide from Bob.
Sooner or later, that pipe face is going to be in your face.
You just cannot escape from Bob.
Bob.
You can hide for a time, but you can't escape.
Not really.
He's a nebulous woman.
They'll make you feel like you're insane just listening to this.
I could hear that.
There go the dead people again.
There go the people going blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Yeah, but they're having a good time.
How can Dave hear that?
It's not important.
It's magic.
Unless you're a purist.
I don't see how he can hear it, but I think he can hear it somehow.
Well, there's some more all kinds of weird background stuff on this.
The next thing up, I think, is labeled Roundhouse End Frenzy,
which means, oh, it's Starwood 29.
So it'll be the craziness at the end of a really long night in the roundhouse at Starwood.
Drumming and hippies and witch women with their shirts off
and their arms up in the air.
Relating like crazy Iraqi ladies going.
And fending off the tornadoes and controlling the weather with their witch powers.
Oh, God.
Somebody told me that Bob was like, he said he was like Hugh Hefner.
Hugh Hefner?
No, you're thinking of Bob Mozik, the drummer in that band you guys were in.
Oh, he's Hugh Hefner.
Yeah, he's Hugh Hefner.
Hugh Hefner?
Cowboy.
Cow play cowboy.
Hugh Heffer.
Hugh Heffer.
Okay.
Hugh Heffer creates small cowboys.
That's my...
Okay, that's my saying for tonight.
Hugh Heffer creates small cowboys.
Yeah.
There you go.
That's the title of this show.
Hugh Heffer.
It's the first time I've heard that one.
No, that's not a very good title.
We're not talking about it.
That's a crappy title.
Horrible.
Well, it's a bastion of the English language skills.
We're not just screwing around here.
We're coming up with humble-headed poetry.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's like poetry.
It's art, man.
It's art.
Yeah.
Yeah, what we're doing.
It's art.
What he said.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, that's what I thought all along.
I always thought that.
Humble-headed poetry.
Yep, that's it.
It doesn't have to be good or make sense.
Or anything like that.
It just is.
You know, like, poetry is, man.
It's like the word, like the logos of the grand.
Yeah, except, you know what we're missing?
What?
A big price tag.
That would make it real art.
I thought it was.
It's kind of free.
A gigantic, throbbing member.
Yeah.
No.
No, no, no.
Just a gigantic, throbbing price tag.
That makes, that identifies a work of art as good art.
The big price tag.
Whereas.
I mean, look at this art we're doing.
How much, how much is, how much are any of you listeners paying for this?
Actually, I should say, thank you, all 10 of you who support the show by contributing
like 20 bucks a month.
Praise all 10 of you.
No, there are, there are.
And Popess Lilith, for instance.
Uh-huh.
Has been dropping 20 on our Slack for years and years.
Sweet Popess Lilith.
She is one of our best supporters.
And she's a good woman.
And, uh, I mean, there's just, well, I could.
I don't want to embarrass anyone.
And actually, I can't remember a lot of their names because I don't know them personally.
Like my dafter, Lil.
And besides that, like having an Eastern European Lil to them.
And you can't pronounce whether it's a C comes first or a Z comes first.
I don't know what you said.
But I do know that I've been seeing.
It's like this has been such a weird month.
Going through all these old records and, and, uh, photographs.
Mostly.
Going through records looking for.
Oh, I should have gone through the photo albums, not the record albums.
God.
I'm.
Me so stupid.
Subgenius.
Anyway.
That means I got.
There are probably more pictures to scan.
In the photo albums instead of the LP record albums.
But.
And anyway.
I have seen an awful lot of old friends.
Aging.
Some of them.
Like think of Reverend St. Andrew.
Uh.
Yeah.
Now we first knew him in the nineties.
He was like a long haired kid in Chicago.
Well, now we know him again.
He's a ball headed old daddy in Fort Worth, Texas.
Now, how did that happen?
He is bald because it's the same guy style that he's wearing.
Exactly the same guy.
He's not natural.
Bold.
He actually hasn't changed a bit.
And he doesn't want to.
Face looks exactly the same.
He refused your offer to use the space time machine.
The next time.
Oh, no, no.
He wants to use the space time machine.
Who doesn't?
Everybody around here does.
Well, who doesn't indeed.
But he didn't.
So therefore he's weird.
Unusual anyway.
Oh, no.
Weird and unusual.
That's terrible for a subgenius now, isn't it?
We better kick him out of the church.
He's weird.
Extremely bad for Princess We Are Doe.
Yeah.
What do you mean?
I don't get it.
We are Doe.
What does that have to do with we are Doe?








We are weird.
What?
You mean what?
We are Doe.
Your name.
It says weirdo.
That's the first time I ever knew that.
Remember how many times we've encountered people who said that?
Oh, yeah.
They saw your name written out Princess We Are Period Doe.
Uh-huh.
And didn't get that it basically just said weirdo.
No.
No.
It's a coincidence.
It's not designed that way.
It's just pure coincidence.
Well, then, why would they call me Princess Way?
Because they're way wrong.
It's like Chinese French way or something.
Right.
In Chinese it would-
Or Wei Wu, you know, like the-
Exactly.
Yeah.
The way her name is spelled W-E-I, in Chinese that would be Wei, and it's a common name.
And there are Princess Ways in China, a bunch of them.
But this is Princess Wee.
Oh, a bunch of Mandarin.
So, yeah, man.
Everything's cool.






Everything's gro- Oh, this is the- that roundhouse frenzy.
It's not that frenzied.
Oh, it's pretty frenzied.
No, it's not very frenzied.
There's no-
Uh, I don't know.
There's no shrieking or violins or people leaping over the fire.
I can hear people leaping and shouting and moaning and-
No, it's pretty tame.
I bet it gets faster later, though, because this is like a 10-minute background track.
But we're not going to get to the end of it.
Because the show just doesn't last all that long.
I think we're like 45 minutes in at this point, and I've still got to put some kind of music
in here.
And, you know, I'm tempted, as much as I have all this great avant-garde music, like the
Psychoskeletons and Rudy Schwartz Project that I play every damn show anyway, and probably
did already this one, I can't stop playing the Rainmakers.
And the reason is-
Yes.
Because that songwriter, Bob Walkenhorst, is the greatest songwriter that ever walked
the earth.
His stuff is so great, I wake up every morning- we both do- with one Rainmakers or Walkenhorst
song or another in our heads.
It segues into another one later on, but-
Well, we've done it to ourselves, dear.
I mean, you just can't listen to one kind of music over and over and have it not be
brain-warming you.
It got us through the move.
Absolutely.
Because it was so swinging.
And the reason we listened to that swinging is because the guy's lyrics are just so absolutely
spot on.
He hits the nail on the head every time.
Sure does.
It's so good.
It's like, oh, you can have your Bob Dylan or your Elvis Costello or your Eminem or your
Dave DeLuca.
This- this- oh, your Victoria Ganger.
I'm sorry.
I mean, I love all those songwriters and I love the lyrics, especially of the amino
acids.
They have my second favorite lyrics next to the Rainmakers.
But-
But there's only one song.
They have no mouth.
No lyrics.
They have no lips.
They don't have lungs, I don't think.
Anyway-
All are stumentary.
The point is, that's why I keep playing this Rainmakers stuff.
I don't care whether my listeners are into that twangy stuff.
I am.
It means a lot to me.
And I unearthed among my old records and documents I was going through, there was a
letter from Bob Walkenhorst to me from 1990.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
It was because I'd gone to a concert in Dallas in 1989, free Rainmakers concert outdoors.
I was such a big Rainmakers fan even then.
I threw a copy of Book of the Subgenius up on the wall.
The stage with a letter inside.
And Walkenhorst picked up the book and held it in front of his face while he sang because
his name's Bob too.
Well, it turned out when I got a letter back from him about a year later, he was aware
of Subgenius but didn't like it because he knew a bunch of subgeniuses.
In college.
Right, in college.
He hadn't read the book or anything but he knew these nerds and it was like, man, I would
never give you my address.
They're super dorks.
From that.
But when I threw the book up on stage, it was stuck in the tour bus for the rest of
that little tour and he and all the band members, which this thrills me because now I'm like
a big fan of the drummer, Pat, and the bass player, Rich.
It was a different guitar player then.
Screw him.
I need to send him a new book for Jeff Porter, the current guitar player.
Anyway.
Right.
Right.
So the bottom line is, it turned out that my hero, Bob Walkenhorst, actually loved the
book of the subgenius, thought it was really good.
And in 1990, in his letter back to me, he said that he was going to break up the band
and try to do more, I don't know, he had done his Angry Young Man songs and he wanted to
do stuff about slack and enlightenment.
He said, you just may hate.
Angry young woman this time around.
He actually said, you may hate.
I hate my new stuff.
Now this was 28 years ago, but, or eight, yeah, yeah, that's right.
Good God.
Anyway.
Good God indeed.
Over the last two or three years, I actually, they came out with some albums that I missed,
but Amazon reminded me suddenly that there were these, Rainmakers had gotten back together
and there were like four Rainmakers albums.
And I already had a bunch of Walkenhorst.
Solo albums.
But the latest thing I got was a, he had done, he's still doing Rainmakers with all four
guys, but him and the guitar player, Jeff Porter have formed a band called Walkenhorst
and Porter and have this album of rather serious, not angry songs.
And every song on that album makes me cry like a damn baby.
And I'm going to end the show with one of those songs that makes me cry like a damn
baby.
And if, if anybody cares or doesn't care or doesn't like it or likes it, I don't care.
If six was nine, I don't mind.
If all the hippies cut off all their hair, I don't care.
I don't care if you don't wear any underwear.
Well, but I don't care.



I care if Dave is there and Dave is there.
So I'm happy.
In his underwear.
Well, you know, know about that.
He may not have any underwear on.
And he has quite a delicious pair of young titties, just like his grandfather.
Okay.
Anyway, I've got to cut to this, this heartbreakingly beautiful Rainmakers song.
I don't even know which one it's going to be, but I'm going to cut to it.
Dave, thanks for being on the show.
And, um.
I'm going to cut to it.




Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Some days it's the comedy, others it's the crime.
Some days riches turn to wine and rags turn to wine.
Most of my days blur into a blanket of my thoughts.
And it all adds up to something.
No, I'm never going to be.

I'm never sure just what.
I saw you across a parking lot.
Some approaching storm with your hand in your coat pocket.
Like you're carrying a gun loaded with possibilities.
All meant for me.
And you put me to the pavement.
It was pretty plain.
To see that everything I'd known before was weightless then and when.
You leaned over me and whispered, you ain't seen nothing yet.
Doo doo doo doo doo doo doo.
Doo doo doo doo doo.
Doo doo doo doo doo doo doo.
Doo doo doo doo doo doo.
I stood beside the canyon, saw you far across
Smiling through our many secrets, like they just weren't worth the cost
Or the anger, or the heartache, or the worry, or the fear
We are pebbles in an avalanche, that's ringing in my ears
That's how I shot my hearing, that's how I wrecked my sight
Staring at the burning fuse, here down to the dynamite
Doo-doo-doo, doo-doo-doo, doo-doo-doo, doo-doo
Doo-doo-doo, doo-doo-doo, doo-doo-doo, doo-doo
Whoa!
Oh, women, women everywhere, but not a drop to drink
You're the one that I thirst after forever
Until I see you beneath your swirling surface
Disappearing, bubbling air
Am I swimming, am I drowning?
What's the difference? I don't care
Cause I'm a woman, I'm a woman, I'm a woman
Some days are a comedy, others are a crime
But most are masterpieces of a ludicrous design
Ridiculously beautiful, absurdly rich and dense
I'm delirious with fever, it's finally making sense
Doo-doo-doo
Doo-doo-doo-doo, doo-doo-doo, doo-doo
Nah-vee, nah-vee, nah-vee, nah-vee
Nah-vee
Nah-vee


Dah-vee
Nah-vee, nah-vee, nah-vee, nah-vee, nah-vee, nah-vee, nah-vee, nah-vee, nah-vee, nah-vee
Nah-vee, nah-vee, nah-vee, nah-vee, nah-vee, nah-vee, nah-vee, nah-vee, nah-vee, nah-vee, nah-vee, ah!
Okay.
Okay, we're back.
That was the, well, not the Rainmakers.
That was Walking Horse and Porter.
And this makes me cry with happiness, not with sorrow.
It makes me cry with happiness.
That's a weird thing.
Anyway, friends, you too can cry with happiness now that we're past the sinking hour of the broadcast section.
We're just on the Internet now.
And that means you need to send in your 14 bucks to buy Lonesome Cowboy Dave's novel Neighbor World.
It's a softbound paper.
Paperback or trade paperback size.
218 pages.
Oh, brilliance.
It's even got drawings by Dave in it of some of the characters.
Indeed.
And.
Beautiful tome.
I remember the first time I looked on it, I thought this is indeed a Bible for the new age.
This is going to set mankind free.
And wasn't I disappointed?
I know how you feel.
I started the Eurasian Civil War back in 2023.
I believe you're quite right.
I thought it was.
I was going to be just like in my bookie.
And it turns out I was interrupted by time and motion back in 2023.
Oh, yes.
It's so heady.
It's such a heady, heady book.
A great tome, as they say.
Well, it got some good reviews from paranoid, local paranoid schizophrenics.
They said it reminded them of some semi-famous people, including the author of Neuromancer.
And.
Dave's so proud of that he got compared to William Gibson.
And Anthony Burgess.
I threw in the Anthony Burgess and the Federico Fellini.
And the Fleischer Brothers cartoons.
All of those are correct.
And Franz Kafka.
I couldn't understand that.
And Woody Woodpecker.
Well, that I understood.
I still don't.
I still don't understand how waking up and finding yourself turning into a huge cockroach
is in any way have anything to do with what I was writing about there.
A totally different subject matter.
Well, but the mood is kind of similar.
The general atmosphere has this sort of.
Of being trapped, yes.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Trapped like a Trump voter in a cage of his own making.
Anyway, friends.
The other thing you can do is send 35 bucks in for get your finally get yourself ordained
as a subgenius minister.
Get that great big giant pack.
And it really is the.
OK, the envelope we mail it in is a padded envelope, 15 inches by 11 inches.
And it's about an inch thick when you get it.
Because all the bumper stickers and decoder pins and and giant frameable documents.
We don't throw in the frameable documents.
You have to buy the frame at Walmart.
But they're only a buck.
If you look, if you really look, you find the buck 11 by 17 frames.
If you know the right signs, the right hand signals to make and the right links, they'll
let you know what you need to know to get it.
Don't worry.
Yeah.
Walmart is kind of like the Masons, but a little bigger now.
Yeah.
A little more influential in politics than the Masons.
But I think they're more important than the Masons ever were.
Or have wanted to be.
I think they've outlasted every single comfort zone.
Anybody in this neighborhood, not this neighborhood world, which is another story entirely.
My God, I just remembered the other thing.
I remembered the other thing we forgot.
You just talked right on top of Dave.
I know.
I know.
But I'm right on top of him.
Anyway, what were you saying?
Dear, you remember.
Remember something.
I remember something really bad.
Uh, oh.
All of our friends that are in the neighborhood.

They're in total despair.
And there's a bunch of them.
That's true.
There's the one that was in the house fire.
There's the one whose Mexican wife got deported.
There's the one whose kid is in prison.
There's the one whose health is failing very drastically.
There's the, man, there's just no end to it.
There's just no end to it.
That's true.
We have a lot of friends who do not have as much slack as we do.
I'm planning all these people are all dying on me.
I was like, hey, where'd everybody go?
Yeah.
Well, Dave, we're still here.
Strangely enough.
Well, you just look dead, right?
What's that Johnny Winter?
Johnny Winter.








That's right.
Don't fucking say about him.
This is Ron 자�ிعون INow索 בי TC 이게






They.
Run.
Run.
It's named Emergency kitties.

Damn.
They're here.
Enough.
And with that, we should end the recording, I guess.
Dave, thanks.
We're going to quit now and go to bed.
It's been fun, Dave.
Have fun and go to bed and all that wink, wink, wink stuff.
