A candy-colored clown they call the Sandman
Tiptoes through my room every night
Just to sprinkle stardust and to whisper
Go to sleep, everything is all right
I close my eyes
Then I drift away
Into the magic night
I softly say
Oh, sign
No trouble
Just get that gig going
Recording
Everything's going fine
No trouble
This is Doug Smith, radio operator
I'm gonna bring you a piece of that green cheese for sure
Bob?
Bob?
Ray?
Bob?
You can read along with me in your book
You will know it is time to turn the page
When you hear R2-D2 beep like this
Let's begin now
It was a dark time for the rebellion
After the loss of the Death Star
The evil Galactic Empire intensified its efforts to crush the Rebel Alliance
Prepare yourself
You are about to be remade into a new being
Through forbidden knowledge previously kept secret for centuries
By the jealous priesthoods of many religions
Caution
and babbling

The King of Hell
The impatience of the olacak


Les average


and his true
Transcendence

andет
You will be銀

We have cheated
The signs of fate
Truck with Scots a lot harder from playing around here
Which we inherit from aeons of evolution from the state of detached electrons to the state of organic humanity.
I have seen the truth, and I intend to show it to you.
You wonder how it will seem? I will tell you.
Come, a big gib's a golly goshin', better puke your peat on full throttle potent teat,
elsewise your wants'll be waggin' down on mammy's hind nanny.
Why can't your peaser pop a squeezer when the gushers are goin' all normal-like?
Got your no geyser sense in your sneezin' chamber, boy?
Heistin' a empty platter in your beanbag?
Where's your rollerballs, eh?
I can't grok me no...
love-gro on this loo-joo-moo-joo band?
You gon' have to spreech English, Jake.
Get right with your muscle snake, snunk monkey.
Quit spritzin' your plizzerer lessen it's snowin' white lute juice, baby.
Elsewise your pleatin' bleeder's blowin' hot water.
You go blind or please your neither tryin' not to.
Either way, you're gettin' up on the wrong orbit for this kinda free-kneadin'
bleeder.
You're a good-niggin' side-trade, eh?
Well, won't you go stand there like a damn-nickle slug or you...
Made a complete log, computerized, of all the Hour of Slack shows.
And if anybody out there is an Hour of Slack bootlegger, collector type,
you can write to the secret subgenius P.O. box and get that listing from us.
And using that thing, I put together...
I... I... I...
I made it for other reasons, but I did put together a collection of show intros.
Now, don't... don't be frightened.
This isn't the... these aren't the four regular show intros that you're used to.
These were all specialties from the last 83 hours of Slack.
You have had that much Slack, dear friends.
83 hours.
That ain't... that ain't really a whole lot.
That's a little more than three days, I guess.
Not much Slack.
But someday, oh, someday, it'll be all... all Hour of Slack.
All the time.
Hope that be...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...

...
...





...
...
...

...
...
...
...
...
already broadcasting. Ah yes dear friends. Yes and you can see your radio light up and
if you look inside the speakers real close you may be able to see the picture. All right.
Energize the caller please. Ah yes dear friends welcome to the subgenius radio ministry hour of
slack. Praise Bob. Praise Bob and we'll be orbiting your area for the next hour carrying the message
the seed word of the faith of Bob the faith in Bob FIB we call it. Can you keep up the FIB?
Can the Bible speak?
FIB friend. You want to dump the main shunts? Thank you. All right.
Okay. Somewhere over there. Show is right up on the green lines doctor. Okay. Show is fully on the line.
We will be landing on another show. We will be docking with another show tonight. Pardon me.
You can't land on another show. We'd cause a nuclear explosion. We'll be docking with show four from San
Francisco tonight and
and uh hold onto your seats and
Oh!
Ah! They pinned!
They pinned!
Behold the bowels of the heavens shall be opened to smite and
You. You look. It's the colon of the earth. Let's pretend like we have a contest going. We'll just call people in the phone book and say you won.
A little bit farther up the colon. Yes there it is. Lips flapping in the wind.
4425.
Like hideous.
Flames of reincarnation.
That's right.
Slurms of reincarnation in the hell spirit world that you don't even know about because you're too ignorant. Ignorant because you're just a listener. That's all.
That's right.
Just a mere listener.
Yes.
Oh the pathetic fools. The earth fools. Oh ye stiff-legged. Ye, ye pathetic third-dimensional creatures.
You won.
If you could but know.
A little bit farther up the colon. Yes.
If you could but dream for an instant of that which could await you, were you good enough to...
But friends, friends, there's no escaping me. Literally no escape from the show that never ends. Oh.
Come, fly the teeth of the wind. Share my wings.
You know of course that you are living in a power age. What are you doing with it? I call this power TNT because it is dynamite. Use it rightly and it can bring you anything you want. Use it wrongly and it can eventually produce for you what you don't want. But you cannot get away from this power.
Praise Bob.
The luck plane has brought you into possession of a subgenius hour of slack show. This could be the greatest thing that has ever happened to you. An unsurpassable beautific experience. Or it could be your worst mistake. A one-way ticket into an insane universe from which there is no escape.
Give it proper listening techniques.
Lead to dependency.
Severe mental and physical addiction.
Seizures.
Brain fits.
Chromosomal damage.
I.
Am if conditions.
Pop.
Pop nite glandular mutation.
And even.
Pop, pop.
Erasure.
Pop.
Hubble .
Squat.
in my territory.
I had to get in there
and it's whole after the rats
one time.
Rats.
Rats.
I used to
have to eat rat a lot.
Back in the 90s
in the Depression.
World Depression
II they called it.
This was after the one in the 80s.
Boy.
Them was lean years
brother.
No wonder there was a bad
bad depression all over the world.
Kind of figures.
Dateline for dominance didn't mention
that it would be caused by
some genius church and I can see why.
Why Bob would not want to mention that in his
his teachings.
To the uninitiated.
No, they wouldn't understand.
And it was
and it was
going on behind cool.
So teaching

That move in Mad Max
movies how men
we look at those
or
no wish that being that easy
we got this refrigerator is plutonium
we got on the airwaves is this show.
This weird show.
I remember I used to be amazed that Dr. Gene Scott
was on 12 hours a day on TV in Dallas, Texas.
But now, this show for 24 hours a day forever.
Forever.
Hey, hey, you over there.
Wanna buy some show?
Yeah, we got some good show.
Hey, what's the matter?
What's the matter, man?
Aren't you into show?
Eternal salvation.
Triple your money back.
Hello, Dr. Sparrow.
I'm Dr. Sparrow.
I'm Dr. Sparrow.
I'm Dr. Sparrow.
I'm Dr. Sparrow.
I'm Dr. Sparrow.
I'm Dr. Sparrow.


Let's do this.
My name is Reverend Ivan Stank.
I am the last sole survivor of the Battle of Dobstown,
popularly called Bob's Last Stand.
I knowed J.R. Bob Dobstown.
I knowed the subgeniuses for what he was.
And I knowed the subgeniuses for what they was.
Turn that thing on.
Put on them headphones.
111 years ago, when I was 33 years old,
right after the atomic wars,
my church was rubbed out by a band of white men.
Wild pink boys.
Wait a minute.
It's showtime.
Time for the subgenius hour and a half.
The show that dare not even exist.
Join us now as we rocket away out of normal time
into showtime with your favorite horrifying horror host,
Mobius Rex.
And you'll hear the voices of puzzling evidence
Gary Bobram lies in a cast of thousands more.
It's mysterious.
Evil.
Spooky.
Eerie.
Creepy.
Wacky.
Kooky.
Fun.
It's loads of chuckles and chock full of gags and novelties.
It's stuff that your boyfriends will want
and that all your girlfriends will secretly admire.
We broadcast during the hours when the mind's grip on what it knows is at its weakest.
The dead hours of the morning between 4.30 and 6 o'clock.
This is the time when ancient superpowers,
superstitions and night fears have the greatest hold on human thoughts.
The time when those who sleep are deep in their dreams.
And this is the hour when on the church of the subgenius radio show
the doctors of the air operate without warning.
We inhabit a twilight world.
A world which feels the rising sun.
Long after nightfall,
when the witching hour has been dead for three and a half hours,
we rise from our coffins and go forth to stalk our living victims.
You, our beloved audience,
good hunting brothers,
howl!
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Well, I can finally hear myself in the headphones.
And you have no idea how important that is
for somebody with an ego as monstrously planet-sized as my own.
And, of course, George can...
George will tell you, too.
That's what it takes to get out there and discuss thousands of people at once.
Anything you can say, I can say it louder!
George probably could say it louder.
But I bet we could say it more irritatingly.
So, I wanted to drop in here with a little bit of news.
Some sub-deany news, as the old-timers call it.
The new reprint of the Book of the Subgenius is out in stores now.
I've seen it in Shakespeare's bookstore on Greenville
and Walden's books in Cleburne.
I don't know about Dallas.
And, of course, at Lone Star Comics.
Right?
Yeah, all over the place, where you can also purchase The Will of Dobbs itself.
And I can say that because I've already been paid for all sales of that book.
So this isn't like an ad that I would be making any special money from.
If you have some burning questions, you can call...
The Hour of Slack.
...the Hour of Slack personnel here at 823-7490 or at 828-9500.
And, dear friends, we do have a pledge drive coming up.
Now, you know, two pledge drives ago,
We Subgenii were the number one money-making show per hour for K&ON.
Now, this last pledge drive, we were but number four.
Number four out of 86 shows isn't bad.
But we're also the number one trouble show.
We're the fourth most liked, you might say, but the first most hated.
And next week, we're going to go into that pledge drive.
And this is your chance, your big chance, friends, to help all of us idiots and wise men and guys.
See, I included you girls, too.
It's your chance to help us achieve triumph.
And I'm going to go over the yuppie fools who like to think they're so smart,
never realizing the invalueability of their own divine idiocy.
Um, you know, this is the...
This could be, if we could get back to number one, friends,
this would be the ultimate put-down of the normals.
And, uh, if we...
You know, think about it.
If you can tell your friends that the Hour of Slack is number one,
the people that hate us will feel even more threatened,
they might even begin to question their own level of ignorance,
and we'd be proving that as much as we subgeniuses hate the conspiracy,
we are still more positive than those who hate Slack.
Um, you know, this show doesn't really fall into a category.
On Kanoan, you got your soul, your gospel, your rock country, specialties, and so forth.
But the Hour of Slack really encompasses all the other categories.
Other ones do, too, but we've...
Our Slack has soul, it has gospel, it has rock and roll,
it has country and a godzillion specialties, friends.
And, uh, this show, um, really, I guess you'd say,
is for the definitive Kanoan listener who really, actually, truly does want to expand its horizons.
Uh, even if that means risking an eternity in hell,
uh, which you might be doing from listening to this.
This show is, in short, friends,
proof that there could be hope for humanity.
That despite the generally brutal nature of human beings,
there could actually be peace and love.
Uh, it...
Because it shows that there's people who not only tolerate each other's abnormality,
but actually like it, although in small doses.
And, uh, really, that's what the Church of the Subgenius is all about.
I... I hate to come out and admit that we aren't really trying to spread hatred
and recruit monogamy.
I mean, we're not trying to turn the world into a place of mindless zombies
and turn them into Manchurian candidates who'll help Dobbs destroy the Earth.
We are doing that, but among other things.
It's like, I'm afraid most of the...
Most of the subgeniuses, really, are people who have to work jobs,
support themselves, and so forth,
but who... who yet still have high ideals.
And we don't push the foot around, or else if we do, we do it to a T,
and we don't water stuff down.
But since corniness is, really, the...
the only sin in this church, I'd probably best shut up now,
and, uh, before I get in trouble with Bob,
and get on with the, uh, compilation of, uh, introductions to the Hour of Slack.
And, you know, in a way, I... I wonder if maybe this isn't a...
an insane sort of show, uh, like,
maybe, uh, everybody I'm talking to has a copy of every inch of this footage on tape already,
but somehow I sorta doubt it, and, uh, yeah.
Dr. Howell, railing in the night,
for that which lived, which is dead,
and for that which is dead, was dead,
and, in fact, was never alive.
So when will we get back to Bob?
The tickering of the...
Dr. I don't want to just turn that down again.
We don't want any of that stuff happening here.
In the swamps bongs the gongs of a throng of frogs,
while a knee-deep sheep bleats in a slippery stream
where slimy snakes whisper sinful secrets.
Let's go back to the knee-deep sheep dip, okay?
Dr. The knee-deep sheep dip dipped deep down below
the steep and chilly waters of the deep stream,
floats on the surface,
like the ancient Egyptians floated on the current of their belief,
for they thought they would never die,
but be reborn as gargling sarcophagi,
horrible mummies to march across the earth
and wreak and spew vengeance.
Give me the pyroflagellate.
All of the little tiny dead deities
march down the side of the subgenius church,
and now leave that night.
Dr. Within the great pyramid,
the secret chamber of the subgenius.
My God!
Dr. What light and steam come from the special effects department
located below the pyramid?
I hate Bob.
My Bob made my daddy go crazy.
My daddy used to make money,
but now he just sits around all day.
I hate Bob.
He's a bad man.
I wish he would die.
He's part of the conspiracy.
I can't help my dad.
My kid's name is Bob.
I'm a black tooth.
Dr. This is so difficult to live with.
Dr. Here.
Take some more of this.
Have some of that.
Maybe the show will finish
and we'll get to make another tape.
Dr. Oh no, more prescriptions again.
I don't know if I can keep up with all these prescriptions
and all these callers and all these fake shows.
Oh my God.
This subgenius thing is more than that.
Just take the pills, doctor.
I can't.
I don't think I can keep up with it.
There's too much of it.
These letters that come in the mail,
these weird magazines,
these characters that show up at the door,
these Bobbies.
They want to know things.
They want to know how to run their lives.
What should I do?
What's he saying about this?
About my girlfriend?
My girlfriend that won't be worshiped by?
What should I do?
What should I do, man?
Relax, relax, doctor.
I'll tell you what you should do.
It's like, doctor, you should do this.
No head launching, doctor.
Oh, take the pills.
Oh, light the fire.
Oh, try some of this false slack.
But we can't talk about that
because it would leave this station open to libel and slander.
That's our lawyer now.
Oh my God, he's here.
Hey, I feel much better.
Better now.
Oh.
This episode of the Hour of Slack
is brought to you by the Weeping Cyclops Insignia Company.
Serving the public since God knows when.
Featuring the Dobbs approved churchware.
Weeping Cyclops products are available locally
at Lone Star Comics and Metamorphosis
and at Box 595-148, Dallas, Texas.
753-59-5148.
Thanks, Weeping Cyclops,
for supporting K&O WEN and the Hour of Slack.
Praise Bob Mann.
Good Lord, man.
That's a pretty cool reggae version of that.
Kind of, uh, uh,
Good, Bad, and the Ugly theme.
How about that?
Now, in case you've been totally confused
by the Weeping Cyclops ads that we,
that are different every week,
those are, those are, um,
ads for subgenius T-shirts.
T-shirts with Bob on the front,
uh, which you can get from that P.O. box,
which she, uh,
Popes Cecilia just read.
Ah, ah, ah, ah.
If you take society's tools
You can make society move
You disobey but then you obey
You obey but then disobey
You thought your mom and dad were fools
You never wanted to listen in school
Now your dog won't go when you try to make it
He's got gold, but he's not gonna change it
Soon the Dark Overlord will engulf the Earth
Nothing human will remain here
Yeah? Well, nothing duck's remaining here either
Move, we're going
You'll get the text
Hate to eat and run
I guess ever since the nuclear war
It's been hard for us subgeniuses to keep the show running
Like it used to back in the good old days
Oh, now I remember those times
Those were good times, boy
This is Doug Smith, radio operator
I'm gonna bring you a piece of that green cheese for sure
Yeah
Anyway, we create special effects with an Ultimac color tone brainwave synthesizer
You may have been reading about those lately
They're illegal
They trigger a total physical separation by stem cleavage
Of the left and right brains
That's cerebral mitosis to you science fans
Creating a forebrain-hindbrain sync lock
If you can dig on that
And that's the whole reason for this show
To exist
This is a brain disconnection show
Which operates on a simple new break-thinking principle
By which your brainwave patterns are gradually forced
Into resynchronization
With this tape's underlying messages
And instructions
So
What?
Plug of noise whizzing past your ears
So that's what we do
Is take the old cotton wad
That comes with this station
And clean it out
Incautiously
You did get a cotton wad with your station?
I think it's almost the first of the month
They come every first of the month
So they pour acid down the walls of the station
To make sure they kill it
Diversionary platforms
Which might be producing that kind of trash
And there's only one a day
So be very careful where you use that cotton wad
For all you early morning listeners
Who are up with the chickens
Here's the farm report
Brought to you by Bob's Feed and Grain Storage of Dobstown
Sore bean fueling
And the
Hog futures continue at the market rate
While most animal feeds are up today
Hog futures continue to look pretty dismal
But that's what you should expect if you're a hog
That's because most farm dwellin' parkers
Know the end of the line
Is food around the corner
For somebody else's breakfast table
And maybe even yours
Because if you have four legs
Hooves or trotters
And you live on a farm
If it isn't the Grim Reaper
It's the International Harvester
So you know where you're at






And now this.
We were talking about how...
It's the Subgenius Show.
Yes, if you weren't aware of what's been going on,
then you're probably just the sort of person
to listen to the Subgenius Show,
the indefinitely long, infinitely boring corridor
of horrible horticultural and biological facts.
This is the voice of Radial Subgenius,
bringing to the Greater Bay Area
the unadulterated, infrapulated vocal incarnation
of the sub-divine epistemology of subgenialism.
I'm your host, Dr. Howell,
and during the next hour and a half,
Mobius Rex and I will chair the open forum of subgenial issues.
Yes, it's so exciting I can hardly stand it.
How about you, Mobius?
Yeah, it's great.
And now, Noble Subgenius Knight comes up over the hill
and gets ready to slay the ugly dragon of the conspiracy.
See, there it is.
There it is.
So easy this time.
Here you go.
Do not over-medicate yourself with this show.
You should, however, listen more than once.
These are complex shows, more carefully orchestrated
and more scientifically accurate than any previous form of art
or expression in all of mankind.
History.
Do not operate heavy machinery while under the influence of these shows.
Car listening is legal but not recommended for first-time users.
Do not in any way attempt to dance to these tapes or shows.
The demons you see during the initial hallucination sequences are not real.
If you become frightened, try not to give up.
The scene, no scene on this show lasts any longer than a minute or so,
so don't panic during the hell scenes.
And a surface from...
...the show slowly at the end of the hour,
because coming out of the show is sort of a total rebirth experience,
if you can do it successfully, that is.
If you have trouble re-entering the Earth plane after this show,
focus on Bob and chant his name,
and then try to remember your own name and chant that for a while,
and don't eat for a couple of days after this show.
...
...
...
...
...









...





...

...



...
...
...
You are no longer in control, my friend.
We shall dominate you, dear listener, as we have dominated others of your species.
There's no escape.
You can only do your duty.
It was me who've done it anyway.
But you know, friends,
...
...
...
...
...

...
...
...

















You start talking about the neither forces,
you might end up summoning some of them things.
Yeah, we subgenius ministers here found out there's some things you just don't play around with.
You don't start messing with somebody else's religion, they say.
But you start messing with the elder gods, friends.
You stir up forces.
Suddenly everything's going wrong.
What you gonna do about it, boy?
What you gonna do to get straight?
Not much you can do if you get everything out of balance.
You thought it was real funny, didn't you?
Thought you'd go and pull the devil's leg, eh?
Go ahead, son.
It's funny. Funny big joke.
Let's go. Go ahead, little girl.
Let's go spray paint funny pictures on tombstones.
Let's go make a fake bleeding head of Arnold Palmer head and launch it.
Let's go set up a Bob altar and worship for aliens.
Yeah, aliens.
Oh, fun.
Yeah, let's lure weird forces into our immediate vicinity.
You just go ahead and do it, Mr. Subgenius.
Oh, we're in it as deep as you.
We took money for it.
We know our souls are damned.
Not much we can do now but try to stay so fropped up we don't think about it.
I frankly suggest, friend, that you may be in it too deep to do otherwise yourself.
Pathetic Bobby.
You're Bobby, ain't you?
Thought you'd be cool.
Thought you'd get in with the cool guys.
Thought you'd live away.
We're laughing at you, boy.
Yeah, and you can get even deeper.
You can get in even worse trouble, friends, by calling 823-7490 or 828-9500.
Talk to the Will of Dobbs.
Or by writing to me.
Writing Bob himself.
Not that I can guarantee he'll read it, but he might.
At P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Now we're gonna be face to face.
And I'll lay right down in my favorite place.
Now it's my turn.
All right, knucklehead, try it.
Now I wanna be a dog.
Now I wanna be a dog.
Sightingly.
Now I'm ready to close my eyes.
I can't see, I can't see.
Got my eyes closed.
Now I'm ready to close my mind.
I can't think, I can't think.
Now I'm ready to feel your hand.
Feel this numbskull.
And lose my heart on the burning sand.
Did it say burning sand?
Yeah.
Take it.
Now I wanna.
Be a dog.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Attention, Earth people.
I bring you warning from the planet Expenses.
We Expenslings have the power to destroy K-N-O-N and the music that you love to hear.
K-N-O-N plans to retaliate with a summer pledge drive starting June 22nd through the 28th.
So if you want your music.
And K-N-O-N to live.
You had better give.
Beware, Earth people.
Beware.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Well, great.
Man, every time I try to put a cassette into the number two.
Eight track player doesn't work.
There's something evil about the second.
The second eight track player here in this station.
I don't know what to do.

I don't know what it is.
Well, you know, we we do get pretty ornery around here and we probably deserve all the trouble we get.
But, you know, there's people that deserve to be totally enraged by the show because, you know, after all, they do that to us.
All of us constantly, no matter what.
And just because we aren't of their skin color or their religion or lack thereof or their level of financial ambitions.
And of course, some people we make mad just because there's no one else even bothers to make them mad.
And the fact that they do get mad instead of thank us shows that they needed that pie in the face.
We're doing our victims a great service, I think, personally, of course, in that we allow them, nay, force them to get a perspective for once by seeing their normally limited perspective warped and twisted beyond recognition.
Because that's our mission for Bob.
And it's your mission for Bob to keep this station on the air.
Not just for this show, but for the rest of the show.

I mean, all the other shows.
We have to do that.
We have to, I mean, we've got to keep making people upset.
You know, and they do call in.
They call 823-7490 and 828-9500 and tell us how much they hate us.
And we wish you would, too.
And we're trying.
We really are.
For instance, when we moved to 9 o'clock and started following George DeMarc, we thought, wow, you know, George is probably bringing a big audience over to KNON.
And some of these people are bound to be there.
Some of these people are bound to be potential subgeniuses.
What was that?
So half of, when we came to this time slot, half of my brain started thinking, hey, you know, this could be our big chance to get more popular.
But the stronger half, friends, the less conscious half, the stupid brain, which is the truthful one, was saying, no, don't do that.
Anything but that.
Don't try to be popular.
That's the conspiracy's most evil lure.
And really, it tricks most weirdos into selling out.
That's what prompts weirdos to slowly, gradually self-lobotomize their own creativity.
So, of course, we did one show where we tried to be nice to George's audience, to seduce them over to Bob.
But, yes, I hear you.
That's my wife in the background.
But ever since that first show where we were being nice, we've been doing it.
We've sort of intuitively begun to challenge their hipness.
And it's like, sure, you know, the New Wave audience is into, quote, new music.
But big deal.
That's unusual, slightly, I suppose.
But it's also very fashionable.
You know, how much of their so-called hip New Wave philosophy is sincere and how much is fashion groveling?
Eh?
You know, how long will their hipness stand up against the conspiracy juggernaut of unpaid heating bills?
When mama puts them out on the street and they have to get jobs and support a kid?
Eh?
So, you know, generally, I'm afraid a few are probably open-minded rebels and scholars of human cultural variational extremes.
But most of them are fashion grovelers.
And praise Bob, subgeniuses aren't all young hipsters anyway.
Nay, nay.
But a huge range of types, you might say.
Intellectuals, rednecks.
Intellectual rednecks.
Preverts, nerds, sex fiends, tough guys.
Nymphomaniacs.
Rich folks, poor folks.
Drug heads.
Straight folks.
Oldsters.
Babies.
You hear the baby in the background there.
Lawyers and junk dealers.
Christians and pagans.
Both the slackless friends and the slackful.
So, next week, when you make your contribution to K-N-O-N in the name of the Hour of Slack,
that's a contribution towards the subgenius album, which we've been talking to Ralph Records about.
Yeah!
Which in turn is a contribution towards the subgenius movie.
In turn, a contribution towards the subgenius TV network, like Dr. Scott has.
And finally, friends, for the subgenius world.
It's a contribution, yes, to cosmic tolerance of everything, except the conspiracy.
Because they're already way ahead.
Really, the subgenius church is probably the true ground floor of the subgenius world.
The so-called new age.
Not the corny, empty-headed, positive thinking will save us new age.
But the new age of Bob's iron-fisted rule over all thinking beings.
B-O-B.
B-O-B.
Bob.
B-O-B.
Bob.
Kisna! Kisna!
Kisna!
Hare! Hare!
Hare Rana!
Hare Rama!
Rama!
Rama!
Hare! Hare!
Hare!
Kisna! Hare!
Kisna! Kisna!
Kisna! Kisna!
Hare! Hare!
Hear the watch in front of us blurs and distorts time.
Soon we will be deep in a hypnotic trance.
What wonders will we see?
Hey kids, get some money out of your pants' socks and send it to Bob.
Ask him what he wants to see.

Yeah, pull up the level and you go.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is for our Slack.
Before the sermon, a message concerning Bob Dobbs,
living avatar of Slack and saint of Satan.
You have to love Bob.
He loves you, but you love Bob.
Bob, you have to.
Or else what happens if you don't love Bob?
He'll kill you.
So Bob, you out.
We're now deep inside the brain cavity of Doug Smith.
As you can see all around you, there are sparks.
There was a short circuit.
The brain seems to have recovered.
There are sparking energy thoughts all around us.
Far more than the normal human brain.
But as we know, another misfire there.
We know Doug Smith is not a normal human.
No, and here inside the brain of Doug Smith,
we can observe some of the differences that make this man unique.
He's a leader among men.
Over here in this corner are the memory bags.
And over here is the main printout area.
This is the subcommittee of the radio ministry.
Power of Slack on KNON 9029 in the left excess.
Praise Bob.
We've just experienced the first of the two days of the radio ministry.



The epiphany of Ivan Stang is presented by Globaco Oil Conglomerate.
And now we return you to the hearings in their 157th day.
As the testimony begins,
Mr. Stang is drinking his fifth pitcher of ice water.
He appears to be relatively calm.
Oh yeah, that's some great ice water you got there, Tammy.
Oh.
Oh.
Uh.
Well, yes, uh, there, we did have a computer in the backseat of the car.
As a matter of fact, I can, uh, I can prove that.
I can, I can show you the, uh, readouts.
And of course, there are the direct memory recordings, uh,
always available in the Akashic records.
Uh, uh, of course, not that I expect most of you to believe me.
You know, we're very interested in those records.
We're interested in the cash records.
Some sort of magic, uh, it's not magic at all, it's science.
Sweet money.
Uh, subgenius preachers, uh, every thought, word, and deed is recorded.
And, uh, just as are all the deeds witnessed by bobheads, Xerox bobheads.
Uh, uh, for instance, uh, you know, if I were to play,
I'm sure I could probably play back all sorts of, uh, tape.
Okay, Mr. Stang.
That you'd hate the Lord to see on Judgment Day, wouldn't you?
Uh, we've got your, uh, can we look again at your 1972, uh, tax returns?
We didn't make any money at all in 1970.
Okay, how about, uh, how about, uh, tax records for 1973, 74, and 75?
Uh, we only made 78 RPMs.
Those are on the public record.
If you call the Secret Service Secret Files public record, uh,
anybody has access to them, right?
Freedom of Information Act.
So go ahead and get them yourself, dig them out.
Fine, I don't care.
No problem.
Why don't you pick on Dr. Drummond?
Pick on some of the people who started this thing.
I was just hired on.
Yeah.
I was just following orders.
Eat well, stay fit, and die anyway.
Orders from a, uh, uh, uh, if, if, I mean, bring Bob in here.
He owes me money.
You think he owes the government money?
That's nothing compared to what he owes me.
And my poor wife, she's had to go into the detoxification clinic
to get off of these, these so-called pills he, his doctors kept, kept giving him.
She got prescribing.
She got to where she couldn't even see my head.
Poor money.
She'd look out on the plane window and see tiny, uh, desert frogs hopping around.
That's the famous Amy Simple McFord clinic.
But I think our greatest strength is still that we tell the truth as a government,
and the approval was a great relief.
It was very important for us to know.
Well, but, but to, to tell the, the truth, uh, of course, in 1972 through 74,
the, uh, we, we had, there were abuses.
There were abuses with the seminars, the subgenius motivational training seminars.
There, I will admit that in certain, uh, local...
I'm afraid there's been a lot of abuse, uh, just tonight for as near as I can tell.
...every single, uh, seminar that goes out there, every little Bobby and Connie Ike that, uh...
Thrilled to the animated senators in the seventh seminar of Zimbabwe.
See the battle with ten million scrapers.
See Menfolk State.
See the
And this is the news.
In the expected confidence...
The show ends and the show begins.
Above all, we want you to...
We want you to...
Never forget...
To...
Be satisfied...
The terrible waste of lives that you've spent...
We are willing...
The collective years of listening to this rotten show...
Anything...
Yes, and you don't even get it.
...in our power...
To...
To...
To...
To...
To...
On a friendly basis.
...to...
To...
To...
To...
To...
To...
To...
To...
To...
to...
sunk in the DAG big time.
Forget it, mysteries.

We're now dedicated to...


Now, we're, uh, heading into the sexual or gonaddial area of the Doug Smith brain.
Model, Person, Association

competitive
Now, it's off in the flesh...


this,skidbed
Now, it's off in the flesh...
this,skidbed

Next!

Next!
This類

Has
thisl almond
Thisl metabolism
saying, hey, hey.
Yes, that's all the trigger the Smith brain needs
to get an enormous rise.
Hey, hey, hey!
Can I say something?
Can I say something?
Can I say something?
This show is our only method of communicating with you Earth people
in hopes that in the storm of Babel,
you will understand the basic reality of our method
and apprehend that we are not simply a comedy group
or a humorous exercise,
but actually the emissaries of a distant civilization
which only wishes to confer its own understanding
upon the citizens of your rather backward planet.
We thank you for listening.
How do they do it?
Well, like this.
Put that in that range.
Oh, no, not like that.
And like this.
Ouch, that hurts. No, cut it out.
And like this.
Oh, hey, hey, that.
Yes, you'll see.
I don't know.
I don't understand her question.
Enthroned in glory, trailing clouds of glory
and emitting the sacrosanct decor of heavenly flame.
Like the gods we are.
Yes, that's our aura.
What, radio gods?
Yes, I think so.
You can relax and enjoy this quality product,
secure in the knowledge that it has been specially created
for the lover of fine things and the man of good taste.
Oh, sorry.
You can edit that out, can't you?
Yeah, no problem.
Roll up for the mystery tour.
Step it right this way.
La la.
Roll up for the mystery tour.
See the light.
I'm not sure you're having it.
Feel the heat.
We'll be doing bombing in five minutes.
Who do you want?
Do you want to pull it down?
Do you want to pull it down?
Do you want to pull it down?
Do you want to pull it down?

Yes, dear friends.
Here we're back.
Yes, friends.
We're back.
That wonderful hour.
Friends, that bad hour.
That one time hour, friends.
That mysterious hour.
That poltergeist infested hour.
Friends, the poltergeist is working tonight.
Yes, he's working.
Because one of these tables.
Because one of these tables.
He's got a double time.
He's got a double time.
He won't turn off.
Get your finger out of the hole there, Dr. Stang.
You're liable to hurt your...
You're liable to hurt your...
There you go.
There you go.
Well, let's turn on the dampers and see if we can get the nuclear power plant started
here, doctor.
I'm anxious to take off.
I'm anxious to take off.
Take off.
All ground personnel, clear of bacteria at this time.
Oh, wait a minute.
Will you get all those guys out of the other side there, please?
Will you get all those guys out of the other side there, please?
What did you do, doctor?
Central control processor on.
Their central control is on, doctor.
Good, good.
Okay, you want to close the watertight doors here?
Yeah.
Oh, watch out for that squid, man.
There's a prairie squid right by the door.
Yeah.
Speaking of which...
And inject some of those collar soles, would you, into the retribution chamber?
Primary and secondary circuit tests commencing now.
Well, we really...
Yes.
Line two has a prayer request.
Is that so, friends?
Well, tell them to pray.
I have to run away from anything because I don't believe in anything.
What direction are you going?





I'm going to Sicily.
Back the other way.
Is that where you escaped from?
The devil owes you money, friend.
But Bob Dobbs is the bank where you can cash it in.
We gotta burn out the banks of the devil.
We gotta root him out, burn out the hate, burn out the radiation, burn out the fire.
Standing around acting like you got wires of blood and anybody else but you ain't.
Because I'm the one that has it, not you, me.
What are you talking about?
I'm the one that has it.
I'm the one that has it.
But I know things I ain't never learned.
How I can see signs.
It's something that just happens and I got to do some things sometimes.
I got to do some things sometimes I don't even want to do.
And sometimes inside me I can feel it.
I can feel it pulling and tugging at me and pushing and I can feel my blood beating and
I got to do this thing right now.
It's wise blood.
Ain't everybody has it.
See it's a gift.
It's a gift.
Like a gift for the prophets.
Now I ain't saying I'm a prophet.
No, it ain't like that.
But it's like that.
You're crazy, boy.
You get away from me and you stay away.
I'm going where I'm going.
I got a woman.
I got a woman, see?
And that's where I'm going, to visit her.
He thinks if he keeps on insulting you that you'll go away.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Scary as hell.













This is how I work.
What?
What the hell are you talking about?
I'm a lot more amazing, right.
Your ass.
Whoa.







Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Oh.
Prepare to puke of a pretty paw.
It's time to tune in to the Soak Genius.
That's what that is.
Oh, kill the airlock.
Yeah, well.
Okay.
Okay.
Friends, let me tell you something.
First off, number one, cassette deck two is not working.
And the ports on the starboard side are completely...
That's okay.
We're losing air fast, and we're going to have to try to keep up with it.
Well, I'll open up this big blue cylinder of church air over here, Doctor.
Ah, yes, have a look.
Now I feel considerably better.
Ah, yes.
Now, here's this church air.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Praise God.
I feel that church air now.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Feel it.
Friends, can you feel it out there in the radio audience?
I bet you can.
I bet you can.
Yeah.
Reach out and feel it, friends.
And if you can't reach down and feel it, then you're going to have...
And then you probably don't even know what a prairie squid is.
You probably don't even care what one tastes like.
So, dear friends, once again, as we saw, we come to the end of this side of the show.
Once again, you'll have to...
Turn your show over.
Turn your radio off.
Turn your radio over.
Flip it so that you can hear the rest.
This is KNON 90.9 FM.
The subgenius radio ministry, Hour of Slack.
Oh, yeah.
That's right.
You are going to have to flip your entire radio, maybe your whole house over to hear the other
half of the show.
Next week...
Coming back with the pledge drive special.
And it will be a pledge drive special.
Even if you're a jerk that doesn't intend to send any money to the station, you probably
ought to check it out.
It's going to be...
I mean, I sacrificed this show for that one.
Let's put it that way.
Do stay tuned in five, six minutes for American Music Party with Robert Wisdom.
You know, this morning, there was a real interesting...
I can listen to screaming in the background.
I didn't know it was that bad.
There was quite an interesting story in this morning's paper about can science separate
neurological illusion from divine vision?
Is this background music too loud for you all?
Can you...
Is it?
I don't hear anybody complaining, so I'll just keep going.
It says here that brainwaves...
Brainwaves have indicated that ordinary people routinely fall into altered states of consciousness
similar to mystical experiences.
Now, most subgeniuses would not have to have a scientist tell them that.
That's sort of the...
I mean, they're born high, you might say, and it's only the conspiracy that brings them
down.
It also...
They found that near-death experiences, you know, where you go through the tunnel of the
birth canal into the blinding light of your new afterlife.
And so forth.
These all have been found to resemble drug-induced hallucinations, suggesting that the two states
may have a common cause.
Now, what's interesting in this thing is that it says 5% of Americans claim to have had
a religious experience so powerful that they literally felt bathed in light like the Apostle
Paul.
But that's probably like 95% of subgeniuses.
Now, of course, it's not always because of contact with Bob.
It may just be because they, you know, put their finger in a light socket or something
like that.
The same poll indicates that 42% of adult Americans claim to have had some form of,
quote, contact, unquote, with souls of the dear departed, and 29% have had visions.
And 75% of Americans believe in life after death, and 68% believe the afterlife is a
paradise.
Now, suckers!
I mean, there are many afterlives, but they ain't gonna be paradises, friends, unless
you donate that $20 to K&ON next week on the pledge drive.
And that's what it's all about.
That's what your life has been lived for up to this, up to next week.
So, uh, skeptics have been puzzled by the power of nitrous oxide, or laughing gas.
So...
Ha ha ha!
To induce mystical-like feelings.
For example, the sense that one perceives truths too strange to express in words.
Now, uh, uh, dot, dot, dot.
Huh.
That, that, I know of, I know of some, some subgenius, uh, these, these head-bashing
parties where people would tell you the same thing.
So it's a thin, thin line between, uh, religion and a, and a dangerous party, you know?
Ha ha ha!
We'll, we'll continue with that one, uh, next week, I think.
Is that, that's a, it's sort of a frightening, I mean, they're trying to pull the rug out
from under Bob, see, friends.
They're trying to make you into atheists, is what they're trying to do.
And, and, uh, that's okay, because you can always start from scratch, and you'll still
come back to that same place, which is B-O-B.
Which, if you turn those letters, write that in small letters, and turn them upside down,
they spell 90, 909.
Or 90.9, which is, which is K-N-O-N 90.9 FM in Dallas, Texas.
So, hang in there for Robert Wisdom's show, and some pretty stuff.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob, Bob, Bob loves you, friend.
And, and, you know, if you could just let go of those hang-ups that have kept you, that
have, that have kept you tied down.
Friends, you could just.
Shackled by your own insecurities, was they might say, Reverend Stang, you know.
Your ignorance, your pathetic ignorance.
Your pathetic, pink ignorance is what it is.
Yeah.
Your ignorance of the subgenius P.O. box number, which we were about to forget to give.
Oh, can we do that?
You bet we can.
We have to.
Oh, well, in that case.
Bob said we had to party.
Yes, well, that box number.
Why are you sitting there, listening to this radio show?
Why aren't you out partying?
Why aren't you?
Bob said.
You had to party.
Party.
Party.
Bob said you had to party.
Yeah, I had to party.
You better party.
You didn't say you might if you felt like it.
Yes, indeed, friend.
You said to get out there.
Where's that right?
Where's that dirt?
Where's that party gun?
We want Bob says to get out there and do it.
Bob?
Oh, yes, dear friends.
It's time to open your heart, unzip your pants, close your mind, and bend over, because you're
about to receive the word of Bob.
Bob.
Bob wisdom, that is.
In answer to your second question, can Bob give you a job?
First, well, why don't you go and just stand there like a damn nickel slug, or you gonna
plus your plimper and righteous hargany, P-boy?
Got weeny rivers and your fluter tubes, don't you?
Join gumption's with the true and the seed brave, and pee for Bob, man, and send your
jeans.
Buy out the gland owners with what you earned with your skinny, peeling face of pain.
