Dammy. Dammy. Welcome once again to Dammy Fine. Dammy Fine. Dammy Fine. Dammy Fine. Dammy.
It's a Dan Fine show. Dammy. It's a Dammy.
Now we're going back to the Dockstock party for a big memorial breakfast for those who died during the show.
Ah yes. We'll be leaving here soon. We'll be boarding our private jet flying back to Arkansas.
The amount of destruction just.
You guys are ready to go, right?
We're ready to go, aren't we?
Sam, you ready to go?
You ready?
No problem, Bob. Frisket will help me. Come on, boy.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to...
The subgenius.
Hour of Slash.
I hope Bob's doing better than us.
Don't worry, Enzo. Bob wouldn't have gone to meet Hexadecimal without a really good plan.
I'm sure he'll be able to do it.
That's your whole plan?
Yep.
And neither of us are expected to survive?
That's right.
Well, that's not much of a plan, is it, Pilgrim?
Oh, well, we never were known for our excellent plans, now were we?
Now where were we, though?
The crime takes place on voice or computer conversations over digital phone lines.
Sooner or later, they'll begin to believe it.
On digital lines, communications are transmitted in electronic pulses represented by the ones and o's of computer conversations.
















Yes, it's all binary now. Not like the analog world I grew up in when I was a boy.
No, everything's different now.
Everything's digital.
I give the new technology a big zero.
And I give it a big thumbs down.
No, it's number zero.
Well, but that is a high number, right?
It's kind of a mixture between infinity and nothingness.
It's a big valve.
We prefer to think of it as a valve with rather crunchy numbers instead of a switch.
Oh, you mean a number vacuole or a number valve in a mathematical structure.
Yeah, I'm putting a number in here.
Oh, look at it go. It's infinite, of course.
It builds it up right instantly.
The fact that we have a technology that is superior in every way.
This is having a bad habit of actually working out that we're computer Armageddon.
We prefer this valve technology.
And here we are in the technological future as we march forward.
We are the new technology.

We are the new technology that is going to turn our world into our, whatever, destiny.
Well, you know, that's what that is over there?
That's right.
We must grasp the nettle and strike forth bravely and boldly.

With our special daggers, with the wonderful language and lost words.
Oh, it's so good to be back in a radio studio of some kind.
Even if it's somebody else's radio studio.
Yes, that's the way we have to do it nowadays.
days, but I'm going to bring up this old-timey music here and just share some time with you,
dear friends, some Christmas time.
Even though, I mean, I know that you're going to be listening to this show two or three
weeks from now at best, and now, for me, it's Christmas still.
I mean, it's just about to be.
It's time control, friends.
And, yes, it's true that we had quite a pain-filled and depressing show last week.
Now, didn't we?
I kind of like it that way myself.
But we had had a number of failures, you might say.
Things had just kind of stacked up a bit.
And, you know, that's the one thing, though, the one constant in life, dear friends, the
one thing that never fails is failure.
Failure.
That's one of our new wise quotes.
But now, at least, I feel like we can get back to blaming the conspiracy instead of
blaming ourselves.
Yes, the froppy shipments came in, and everything should be okay.
And besides, as the sexecutioner pointed out to me, he said, well, you shouldn't worry
about spreading too much hate on the hour of slander.
And another boy was dying yesterday.
He said, well if we forget about the적인 term for what we do, if we don't treat somebody
like Youh's pretty much bad in many ways in our own development, why is that the Yesterday

And heी's confused, because he said that bodyism, we say, is part of life, is part
of self, part of who we are.


X point out, that missing mass is accounted for by the invisible self-contained hate particles,
yes, the hate particles that comprise at least one half of our universe and create the push-pull
dynamic, the tension with its opposite particle, slack, the slack particles, and thus we have
a constant in and out, in and out of slack and pain and hate, and that leads me to our
second most recent wise quote, and this is one I'd like to put on, I came up with this
myself, and I'd like to put it on bumper stickers.
I'd rather be killing optimists.
Friends, I would indeed rather be killing optimists.
I do.
I didn't get kind of fed up that last week because, well, I was getting such weird feedback,
and my feedback, unlike the great Jimi Hendrix heard here in the background with his too
late holiday themes, my feedback comes from the telephone and email and the World Wide
Web and everything else, the mail, the regular squid mail, and what I keep hearing is second
hand reports of people going, I've heard that Stang dude, he's like, he's blind, but he can see in his
visions, and he has this white hair that's seven and a half feet long, and his voice has like been
modified, and he can like hypnotize you, because he has like ten cigarettes sewn into his throat,
and he has this harem of weird chicks that's like, because that's like all he can get off on, man,
and he's like so mean, he has such a power of hate, man,
and harness it, and like explode your gas tank, he has like super powers, dude, like he's almost
the anti-bob, he's almost the exact opposite of slack, he's like this super genius, he's just
this head, and he invented these drugs, but he's like twisted, man, and I don't know what your
problem is, there ain't nothing wrong with my vision at all.
Dear friends, we do wish you a happy new year, and we're going to bring you a show that goes
on and on about the revolution.
Resurrection! Yes, the resurrection, not of Jesus, nor even of Bob, but of merely Dr. Legume,
that disgusting lion preacher, so well known to subgenius followers, and psychofants, and bobbies,
and even his fellow preachers, and we can't do justice to the Legume resurrection devival,
because we don't have time, but...
Get your pulpit up here, we need those...
Black balloons on our second set, so they're going to be laying around trying...
Well, I won't move the pulpit up here until you guys are done.
No, we're only doing, we're doing two separate sets.
Oh, are you? Oh, okay.
So we're doing one set, and we're, some preaching, and then we're doing another set, black balloons,
like our third song, our second set.
Oh, okay.

Okay.
Oh, man.
Well, I changed my mind, friends.
That's, uh, pardon me, what?
What, what, what, what?
That's, uh, forms of insanity.
There, uh, from, that's typical, uh, subgenius devival music, see?
The monster mash.
Uh, actually, that's one of the, one of the few...

I don't know if there's a movie that's clean enough to play any of, but that wasn't actually what I was going to do.
Um, because I changed my mind.
I have to bring you this news report here, and this is true news from Pilot Magazine.
All right.
The Arizona Highway Patrol came across a pile of smoldering metal, metal, embedded in a cliffside
that they thought at first was a wreckage of an airplane.
Close examination showed it to have been a car.
Initially identified...
from the remains, but laboratory examination revealed an extraordinary truth.
The car had been a Chevrolet Impala, to which the now dead driver attached a...
jet-assisted takeoff solid-fuel rocket of the type used to boost the takeoff performance of heavy military transport aircraft.
Out in the deserted road, he fired up the...
jet-assisted takeoff rocket.
Unit.
Highway Patrol specialists estimated the Chevy was traveling at 250 to 300 miles per hour.
Its brakes completely burned away in an effort to stop.
By the time it reached a cliff-flanked kerf.
Smoldering wreckage embedded in a cliffside, friends.
It was a man who went for slack the only way he knew how.
Put a jet plane engine...
on the back of his car in the middle of the desert and just take off.
Go for it, man.
Ohhhh yes.
I'm sure we'll all meet him on the other side as well.
Alright.
How's everybody doing?
Alright.
Well, a lot of people have been having a hard time finding this place tonight and...
Well, that's because we hit it on purpose.
Only you have been able to find it...
Only you have been able to find it...

which means only you are supposed to do it.

to be here. Well, tonight we're here, by the way, I'm Reverend Bevilacqua, and we're here
tonight for a momentous occasion. First, it is the second year of Lemuria, which is a
celebration of the dead flying lemur, and we're also here to celebrate the very dead
Dr. Legume. Let's hear it for Dr. Legume. Thank you. Tonight you're going to observe
something that most mortals will never experience, the subgenius memorial service. Now, the official
report is that Dr. Legume was killed several months ago while riding his motorcycle. He
was hit by a drunk driver. The driver of that car has since disappeared. He never went
to work. He never went to work. He never went to work. He never went to work. He never

went to work. He never went to work. And it appears he was just simply released. In
fact, every attempt at getting the records, which we have tried, has come up with absolutely
nothing. In fact, if it wasn't for the initial report, it would be as if it never happened.
It's not hard to figure out that this is an obvious plot by the conspiracy. For when
they found out a subgenius was killed, the offender was probably not only released, but
celebrated and given a reward. And it probably was all about the fact that he was killed

plan from the beginning, but tonight is not a night to seek vengeance, for we're doing
that tomorrow night. Tonight, we celebrate Legume, who is crushed like just so much roadkill
on that dangerous highway of normalcy.
Shut up! Shut up, freaking animals! Shut up!
Shut up!
Hello, friends. It is with heavy heart that I stand before you today in remembrance of
the great, late Reverend Legume. Those of you who were blessed to hear his fire-breathing
diatribes knew that Legume wasn't just familiar with Bob. He was possessed by him!
Give me a praise, Bob!
He preached the real word of Bob, words of hate and power, not the Uncle Tom, touchy-feely,
oh, why can't we just get along?
Good new world order and touchy-feely new age Bob talk. The conspiracy labeled him controversial,
polarizing, inflammatory. Ever since he took his 12-gauge shotgun and blew around through
the roof in a conspiracy church in Pittsburgh, they would never forgive him. Oh, yes, their
religion is based on forgiveness, but for Reverend Legume, never forgive!
Dear friends, that is because Legume offered the greatest threat to their system. He wasn't
just talk, he was action. At work, the conspiracy hierarchy issued psychological profiles for
each of the little peons to fill out. Legume took his, drew a big X on it, and added a
little love note. The CEO heard about it, and that he labeled his profile a crock of shit!
He went ballistic! Who would dare? Who would dare question the conspiracy's right to creep
into the very minds of all its little worker peons? Who would do this? The answer, of course,
was Legume. They wanted him fired at once, but Legume's supervisor refused, because it seems that
Legume did all the work around there. In fact, he was their best employee, so long as he was treated
decently.
Which, of course, the conspiracy has a very tough time doing. Eventually, the top brass backed
down, and Legume prevailed. By standing up to them, he sent a chilling message the conspiracy
would never forget. Legume is not a team player! Legume can't be beaten down or pushed around.
Legume makes waves! His defiant example inspires others to stand up to authority as well! Legume
is a threat to their system. Legume must be destroyed!
And now it just seems that they achieved exactly what they set out to do. Now, on the eve of his
East Coast tour, a tour in which thousands would hear the important words that Legume had to
deliver, he is cut down. Coincidence? I think not. We believers in Bob may not be geniuses, but we
can still add two plus two. We can add two plus two to the game. We can add two plus two to the game.
We can add two plus three and four plus nine as well. I've surveyed these things, I know.
That's because we become a little suspicious when our rising stars are cut down on the eve of their careers.
After all, it wasn't too long ago that Bob himself was assassinated live on a stage in San Francisco
before an entire audience of followers. We admit this could have been a coincidence. Oh, I could line up
with the molecules in the floor and fall right through, but it's very unlikely.

Isn't it? But how many coincidences, dear friend, does it take before a pattern emerges?
As Legume himself was fond of saying, just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they're not out to get you.
And how right he was! On the Friday night, 24 hours before his untimely death, Legume phoned me to say
he had uploaded his first ever recorded rant on the sacred 900 number, the fly of which you'll find right over there
and you can tell yourself that he died.
This was the first rant that he delivered to a mass audience of needy subgenies like yourself.
He planned many more. Rants that would tear the bleeding scab of silence off the conspiracy wound of censorship.
When later I heard that his alleged accident had led him incapacitated, in fact somewhat cold and dead,
I called up the sacred 900 number in order to hear his words of guidance.
I wanted to hear these final words.
He had spoken to me, and yet they were erased.
God! Missing! Coincidence! Another coincidence! Possible, maybe, but unlikely.
If the conspiracy thinks that they can shut us up through incrimination, intimidation, or assassination, they have another thing coming!
Praise God!
As the end times approach, expect them to get more and more desperate, to resort to lower and dirtier tricks to achieve their sinister purposes.
On July 5th, 1998, they're going to pay for their sins with interest.
If we're wrong and they're innocent of this particular crime, we apologize for nothing!
They can direct our anger to other schemes they committed against us,
a sea of sins they perpetrated against us that we were unable to detect at that particular time.
But on July 5th, 1998, we are going to rip out those sewer lines and follow that toilet-papel trail,
right up to the very butt-heads that tried to commit their evil against us!
And we've got a special hell reserved for them.
We'll leave the details of that hell as a secret.
Because if there's one thing pinks can't stand...
It's suspense.
In the meantime, we'll fight on!
The goon must be Saucer's apprentice.
For instance, carrying water for Bob.
When the conspiracy cuts him down, accident or not,
two more subgenius rise up to take his place.
And then four, and then sixteen, and on and on and on!
Because the essence of Lagoon is still alive, my friends.
His spirit lives, breathes, and fights in each and every one of us who stand up to the conspiracy!
Give us your praise, Bob!
We won't forget him, and we won't allow the conspiracy to forget him either.
We'll burn his name into the foreheads of the pinks, just like the cattle they represent.
Lagoon will be the thunder heard in the distance before the world splits in twain.
And as those end times arrive in the pleasure saucer's land, guess who'll be the bouncer guarding the gates to that saucer?
It'll be Lagoon!
With his skin-head polished bright, and his baseball bat ready for action!
I think I pity the fools that do not have their tickets ready, my friends.
Because I know Lagoon!
And if he can't punch their tickets, I'm sure he'll find a convenient substitute.
Hear it at the word of Bob! Praise Bob! Amen!
I'm sorry.
Um, I'm gonna have to go pretty soon, because...
They're trying to finish making a Lagoon face here, a Lagoon mask.
Which... are you gonna blow that up too?
I don't know. It all depends on what... if Lagoon shows up, we're gonna have to... we're gonna have to...
I don't know... subdue him somehow.
Uh, slip him a Mickey or something. Put him... put him to sleep.
Well, spunk him a Flicky and tie down his legs with both, uh... you know, with both hands under it, like you did the last time, I think it was in Philadelphia, when he started brutalizing that, uh... that, uh... that... uh...
Japanese lady.
Yeah. Well, you weren't supposed to know about that.
I was standing right there.
Then go on the air and do the show.
Well, this... you don't have to worry about any of this stuff. We got... we have integrity. We were plugging all this stuff and everything, but this is a closed cellular phone line.
Oh, okay.
And, uh, as a matter of fact, not only can no one get in, no one can get out, you know.
So... but... at the Lagoon wake...
Yeah. I was there. I witnessed it.
Yeah. Um, you... yeah, I was surprised.

I was surprised you only did two songs. We were hoping that you would do more after you broke the mic.
Well, I was hoping I'd just go up there and break the mic and then fall off the stage and not break my guitar, but maybe break enough, you know, of my hands or something like that that I could pretend that I had... had a more serious injury and get out of it entirely.
Well, the thing is that some people thought that... that... that... that things like that were in poor taste at the funeral of a... of a man who had died but was beloved by many.
Well, he was a man who was beheaded by...
What really made him mad was that at the end of it, the guy that was supposed to be dead walked out and laughed at them.
Laughed at everyone who had come to pay their respects.
I know, and in his silly tooth-nail-polished-mincing style, he began to dress everybody down.
He started to tell you that your shoes were wrong for the... I guess the color of your hair.
He called me an old man.
He called you a very, very old man and a... and a...
not-so-young woman.
And then he stormed around the stage making these huffing-puffing noises while long... long fronds of his own expectorate came out of the side of his head.
And...
Yeah, he mocked those who had mourned him the most.
I know, and I just... I...
He talked for abusive treatment.
Well, I... I respected him for that.
And then he decided that the Church of the Subgenius had been... had been too huggy, sweety, you know, new-agey...
Kissy, smoky, uh, huggy.
It was...
He thought it was what had turned into the Fuzzy Little Bunny Church.
And then he had... and then he went around and did the Huggy Bear Bunny with everybody in the front row, which was the most disgusting part of the whole thing.
And he was not mocking it.
He had just ruptured... I guess his inner ear had ruptured when somebody threw that grape there.
And then he was just on his own from that point on.
He was, like, totally out there, and that's when, uh, the restraint things happened.
Ladies and genitalia, this is... this can only be tricked for topical reasons.
This cannot possibly be.
I...
This would be like telling us that pro wrestling is fake.
This is not possible.
Brothers and sisters, this is just living proof that... that Bob could appear in the skies tonight and speak to the entire world, but then still be some dick that would say he's not real.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
And then he would claim that there was something in the water!
That some scientist had... had mass-hypnotized everyone!
But here you have it! Proof! Proof of Bob Dobs!
Yeah!
Speak to us, though, Bob, to the corpse of the goons!
Somebody get me my bat!
Yeah!
Took me from the afterlife!
Took me from the warm womb...
of subgenius hell!
Ha ha ha!
Oh yeah, there were many of us in subgenius hell!
Yeah, subgenius hell is definitely not suffering a shortage.
As a matter of fact, one of the people I saw in subgenius hell...
was J.R. Bob Dobs himself!
That's right, brothers and sisters, I saw J.R. Bob Dobs himself in subgenius hell!
Right!
And let me tell you something, brothers and sisters...
He was not smiling.
No, Bob was not smiling!
Oh yeah, we shared the pipe, and he told me the story.
He told me that the church of the subgenius...
was turning into some kind of touchy-feely, pansy-ass support group for losers.
Fuck yeah!
That's right!
Oh yeah!
There were old subgenius preachers, some of the old hierarchy...
who complained that the church is filled with evil people!
Yes, the church is filled with evil people!
Oh, how terrible!
Oh, evil people in the church of the subgenius.
Who would think that evil people would be in the church of the subgenius?
Oh yeah!
And there are some who complained because of my last...
deviable appearance.
I sent beautiful half-naked women out to collect the money in the collection plate.
Oh, I expect the conspiracy to use sex to make money, but not the subgenius preacher.
Why not?
Why not?
Yeah, why the hell not?
Hell, we got more of a right to sex than any of those uptight assholes.
Yeah!
And he said, look you, they still need you back there.
The conspiracy has not been destroyed.
The conspiracy hasn't been destroyed.
The conspiracy is even stronger now that you're dead.
Who else is going to have the balls to go nose to nose with them?
Oh yeah!
So I split subgenius hell.
And I come here tonight.
Oh yeah!
To stop the church of the subgenius.
To put an end to the church of the subgenius.
Not the old church of the subgenius.
The good old boy, good old subgenius.
That's fine with me.
That can stay.
Oh, but the new church?
Oh yeah!
That new touchy feely church?
Oh yeah!
Oh yeah!
But, hey, you know, maybe I'm wrong.
Maybe we should give this new church a chance.
I guess, once we give up such things as illicit sex, maybe Bob will be happy then!
Oh!
Maybe if we stop expecting little things to ever happen, maybe we can start to get


exploiting all the bobbies.
Maybe then the church will be a happy place.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah, I can see all you subgeniuses out here
with the new church of the subgenius.
Oh, yeah, no smoking.
I see some people lighting up back there cigarettes.
Can't be smoking in the new church of the subgenius.
That's bad for you.
Oh, yeah.
Can't have any faggots in the church of the subgenius.
Oh, yeah.
Can't have any of that.
That.
No more smoking dope.
No more cussing.
No more blaspheming.
No more Bob.
No more Bob in the church of the subgenius.
Because Jesus just wouldn't approve.
I meant to ask you, if you've got any of that brain on your guitar,
if any of that brain messed up your guitar,
you know, we'll pay for this.
I mean, you're not going to get a cleaning job or whatever.
Oh, that's good, because I ain't going to pay for that mic case.
Uh, constrol.
We're suing the kid that started throwing the brain around.
Hey, who was the jerk that went ahead and put a mic stand up there
when my foot wasn't within 300 feet of it?
That was Reverend Toth Wilder, who had provided that mic stand
with his band, Forms of Insanity.
Oh, he sure, sure.
And allowed you to use it, thinking that, oh, Lonesome Cowboy Dave,
he's a professional country western singer.
Surely he knows how to stand in front of a piece of equipment without breaking it.
Well, I swear to God, when I first went up there,
my eyes were so swelled up from crying and stuff.
And I'd been blowing my nose, and I'd been just going through all kinds of hell.
I had to take some sedation and everything.
Well, like you thought, that was pretty funny.
He was sitting behind you the whole time in that ghost outfit.
He's on his heels, ladies and gentlemen, Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Woo!
Hi.
Hi.
I'm really distraught about this little thing.
I don't know what you're saying.
I heard it on the internet, and I had a few ideas about it.
But, Jesus Christ, it's on fire.
It's literally on fire.
Ah!
Ah!
What?
Kid, I broke this here.
Oh, Jesus, I broke this thing.
Hold it for me.
I'm going to sing you a song.
Give him more medication.
I got one for him.
You did your pills.
Give him pills.
Give him my pills.
Give him my pills.
Good, good, good, good, Totten.
Friend of the dead Totten.
Good, good, good, good, Totten Lagoon.
He was here, he was there.
He fell down the stairs.
He died on 95 last June.
Great song.
More medication.
More medication.
More pills.
Give him his pills.
How many of you are ascribed to the notion that Dr. Totten Lagoon is a ghost?












He died on a lonely road on stretch of I-95 as a result of a drunk driver.
Well, you're deluding yourself.
And this is not my place to say it, but you're sadly deluded.
You talk about the conspiracy, you addle brained twitch.
You talk constantly about the conspiracy, it's all around you.
They killed Dr. Totten Lagoon.
You're a crust of mud.
I dreamed, I dreamed, I saw.
Lagoon last night.
And why they slew or me.
I dreamed I was among the ones who put him to death.
I'm breaking the mic, see, there's not a lot I can say.
He thought your songs were funny too.
He thought we were all funny when we mourned him.
It's good to be back in the corporeals.
Today we're back in the corporeals.
All right, brothers, it's good to be back here in the meat shell.
Yeah, more than ever.
I got more meat than most of y'all can handle.
You thought that the conspiracy could kill me?
I'm telling you, he was dirty.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!

Yeah!



Yeah!
A little of that shit!
Now, I'm gonna recommend a little of your songs.
It's called I Know I Can See You!


I know U got nothing to say.
This is the song of that day.
This is the point when you fail
before smokin' is where it's at.
Thank you.
Damn, that's a hard-ass lyric.
So cool.
When Satan sees the buddy, he's just...
...
...
...
...







...
...

...
...
...
...
...
...
...
Yeah!
And dying and coming back,
which you're not supposed to do.
Only Jesus is supposed to do that.
Every time somebody else dies and comes back,
it shakes Jesus' power on her.
I know.
No more Bob. No more Bob at all. That's what we need. No more Bob.
You know, I guess the thing to say about Christianity,
I guess it would be wrong to go out and beat up Christians with my bat anymore.
And I know that a lot of y'all out there would be out there with the bats too.
Beating up Christians after 1998, driving them into the sea,
driving them like lemmings over the cliffs.
Oh yeah. Well, there's one thing I can say for you people
who would rather be nice and happy and go soft on the Christians.
That's right. You like Christians so much, if you can't beat them,
you might as well just join them.
Ladies!
Ladies and genitalia!
If I may have your attention, please.
What you're about to see is real.
What you're about to see is real.
What you're about to see is real!
What you're about to see is real!
This is reality, baby!
Up close and personal and in your face!
And you have to deal with it!
And, well, it is real.
And that was...
That was the fine David Apocalypse of Circus Apocalypse.
There, that legume wake.
At the end, preceded by Dr. Legume.
By the way, before I go any further,
the music in the background right now is a song called Yeti
by Only a Mother.
Oh yeah, and what were we listening to on side one of show there?
Friends, I can tell you real quick,
there was Lonesome Cowboy Dave singing his Dr. Katahdin Legume morning song,
his sad song of death.
And also, many excerpts from yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang,
guesting by telephone on the WCSB Cleveland show,
ESO Radio, with Dr. Chaz and Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
We heard Joe Mama ranting at me,
at the sad legume wake,
with a redo of his fine sermon,
In Doubt of Dobbs.
We even heard Reverend Steve Bevilacqua
from that self-same show,
as well as some KPFA puzzling evidence
and Dr. Howell from the Berkeley subgenius show.
More than an hour, less than a show,
and I'm sorry about the reruns and old shows
of the last few weeks, folks.
But, you know,
your dear prayer partner, Reverend Ivan Stang,
had to have his yearly nervous breakdown.
Only they seem like they're coming more like twice a year now.
Well, actually every weekend.
But, I really did get a letter from this guy saying,
Reverend Stang, you're working entirely too hard on slack.
And he may be right, but that's the way I get slack.
By working too hard on it!
In fact, I suspect that what Rob's making,
or me, of slack,
are the things that keep me from working myself to death on slack.
Like all those normal things,
like food, and exercise, and sleep,
communicating with humans, sex,
all that boring stuff.
Excuse me, some of that boring stuff just interfered.
Okay, it's a cinch I haven't been working too hard on the app.
But, you know, I'm not a fan of slack.
I'm about to, if I live that long.
But, I've been negligent.
I slacked off regarding this show.
On the last hour of slack that you heard that wasn't a rerun,
the news was that Dr. Legume, the great preacher,
had been called home-ba-bob and killed in a motorcycle accident.
Well, now it's old news that Dr. Legume was resurrected,
yes, bodily, raised up, in the flesh,
back in action at his own wake.
Yes, the Legume Memorial Wake in Cleveland about umpteen weeks ago.
And, uh, we were all moping around,
having that sad devival that I've been playing clips from,
and talking about what a noble bastard he was,
and right when I was standing there saying,
Oh, there is no God!
Hell, there's probably not even a Bob!
If there was a Bob, Dr. Legume would still be alive!
And, of course, right at that moment,
out walked Dr. Legume,
who throughout the whole show had been sitting there
in a ghost costume going,
Ooooooh!
And, uh, he proceeded to deliver a wallpaper-peeling rant
that I've had to play here only in parts,
you know, because it has too much cussin' in it.
You know how all the other, all the subgenius preachers are,
aside from Papa Joe Mama.
But we'll play it on the other Hour of Slack, friends,
the X-rated Hour of Slack,
and about details of which we'll reveal shortly,
maybe next week.
But yes, there is, in a parallel dimension,
there is another Hour of Slack,
just like this one, but better, infinitely ilthier.
Because in that dimension, there is no FCC.
There are almost no Christians, and there is no law.
And that dimension is,
I have to say it again, friends,
it's the Internet.
And, uh, in the last few months,
even more techno breakthroughs occurred,
and one can now, shall we say,
broadcast live sound transmission
from computer to computer.
Internet radio, friends.
And this show is already available to owners of PCs
in one format, and pretty soon it's gonna be available
to owners of all computers.
Macintosh is also in another format,
and we'll hear of that later.
Thank you.
Oh, and one last thing.
That song that I played just a little while ago,
Dirty Filthy,
was, of course, Gwar.
And we'll have stories of the semi-disastrous
Subgenius and Gwar mini-tour next week.
But for now, more about...
Now, more bits and pieces, remnants, shall we call them,
from the, uh, strange death
and even stranger resurrection
of Dr. Katahdin Legume.
Thank you.
Whoa.
He thought your songs were funny, too.
He thought we were all funny when we mourned him.
I'm glad I didn't mourn him much.
I'm glad I talked about what a lousy, nasty person he was.
Yeah, well, big...
I still thought he was dead, too.
I didn't know he was alive.
Well, cripes, you spurred on his very corpse
and that whole audience there.
I mean, that whole, uh, rectangular auditorium,
you just, like, spat on his grave.
You continued to talk about how you were...
In a way, they're right.
It is a very disrespectful thing.
But, you know, at the same time, you have to remember,
this was an event that occurred within the church of the Subgenius.
And the sacred doctrine of erasability, Francis,
our...
Ever...
You know, no one can accuse us of bad taste.
We bypassed that whole reality from the word go,
from the very first thing on the first pamphlet.
And if somebody got offended
because they thought that their friend was dead
and then found out he was alive,
well, maybe we should kill that friend.
I think what the series is...
We hope to do that tomorrow night at the GWAR show.
It is not a Subgenius show.
It's a subgenius opening for GWAR, you know.
It's like I'm working for them.
Well, you ain't getting paid very much either.
Oh, I'm getting paid quite a bit.
What they're so upset about is that I'm...
We're on first, so we reap the souls that they were expecting to harvest.
There's not any money in any of it,
but who cares about the money when you have an extractor?
And we've got one and they've got one.
Hey, you know, who needs dough when you're a soul sorter?
You're a sucking monster.
Exactly.
Exactly.
I mean, some people, they thirst after riches.
Their loins are filled with a desire for pleasurement.
And other people just know all they gotta do is just walk on out of, you know,
a human essence and they're a...
What is the only orgasm that is worth even experiencing?
Pleasure, mere fleshly pleasure or riches,
material things of this world are nothing
as compared to power over this world.
They're the souls of men and women, mere humans.
Yet to you, they're just like this big, massive throng of swarming beetles.
What you can do with which is you will,
like you can sweep them away with a broom.
You can just cast them asunder like there was nothing.
This is sweet to be savored.
I don't know if I got some reservations on that.
It's all a thing that God doesn't jip us all in the end.
Bob?
Gypsies?
Well...
Liberally.
I'm capable of doing anything deliberately.
I don't see how that makes it.
Bob Gypsies is delivering.
God, if he ever heard me saying...
If he ever heard a recording of me saying this,
he'd kill me.
Well, uh...
Oh, speaking of death, I better go.
Oh, yeah, you thought I was dying, so you better get going.
Well...
Well...
Well...
I keep a sharp lookout out of the window and...
I knew him, Horatio.
Did he have a gun?
Full of infinite appetite.
Yum, yum.
Did he have a gun?
You better watch out.
You're gonna be looking like one of them Yerkes pretty soon.
You know what I'm saying?
Are you hostile of Eastern?
Aye, Dr. Legume.
We remember you as you were.
A dirty lion snake in the grass.
Feel the pennies off of your neck.
You're off a dead man's eyes, Dr. Legume.
In fact, I've seen you do it.
Dr. Legume, you were better off dead.
Search more money as a martyr.
Listen to your rants when they didn't think they'd ever have to sit through a whole one again.
Yes, Dr. Legume, we miss you.
Kill you and kill you again.
As the great Gwar song lyrics go off their new album,
Bush, kill, destroy.
Well, friends, what do you make of that?
The river Niven stanged, about to be stuffed in a leather suitcase and hung out by the woods...
...in the wharf by the Hudson River in the...
...the
...the
...the
...the
...the
...the

...the...
...the...
...the...



It's all coming down.
Doug, are we still on here?
We still there.
On the lighter side.
You could give us a call at 687-6900.
Give us a call.
Tell us your deepest wishes.
We have stuff, all kinds of fun stuff for you to play with, to have, to hold, to make and to hold.
To what you want.
687-6900.
I must hear from you.
I require a phone call from someone just like you.
Are you going bye-bye?
I must go back.
Reverend Stang has now decided to leave the planet.
Seed, papers from whence I came.
Papers?
I must cross back.
27 ways he can leave the planet.
I cannot stay in this world for long.
So he is choosing number 22.
What's one need to understand?
I am a short giver.
They're calling me.
Number 22 is spontaneous combustion.
I don't deserve to die.
Spontaneous combustion is a rather painless way to go.
Don't go, Reverend.
Switch on rewind.
All you have to do is believe and then blow up into one massive ball of flame.
All things must come to an end.
People everywhere.
You tie your shoelaces.
You talk about the day.
But will the undertaker.
That he disappeared.
Tonight.
From the planet.
Blam and Gilead.
We'll know there's no bomb in Gilead.
Children will get a day off from school to celebrate the great one's departure.
For Christ's sake, is there any beer in Cleveland?
I need a drink.
People from generations.
Puppet strings pulling you through the streets.
Civilizations.
Puppet show.
That are not yet invented.
They call the life of.
Clinically.
Lone.
Or cybergenically.
Cowboy Gag.
You feel all jiggly like there's something she's been doing.
And soon your candle will wink out.
Will eventually.
Another insignificant candle snuffed in the great.
Cylind.
Of insignificant short lived little Gag day.

The fire.
But I'll come back.
In late spring.
Reaching.
And no afterlife.
No dreams.
No nothing.
Do not go to the harem.
There's no damn before life.
There's no life to begin with.
Do not go.
Lest.
You were a sub-genius.
Ordained.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
With that small love offering.
Where.
Would you buy your way.
Off.
Of.
That wheel.
Of useless.
Your.
Tickets.
Move on up through the heavens, the hells, and the Asgards and Valhalla's, all the way to the very tip-tops of the pyramid at the end of reality.
Be God and be told, finally, the punchline.
Get out of my house.
Not bad for 30 bucks.
You can get all that for 30 bucks and you can get a mug for 25 dollars.
Or triple your money back.
Friends, call 687-6900.
It's your salvation.
You can get a compact beach.
You must be saved, even if it kills you.
Do not despair.
Be saved, my mom.
There will be a special holiday in memory of this day.
But, over here in Texas, the sun is coming up and I must climb back into my box.
Bye.
Close the lid and have the boys nail it down.
Bye-bye.
Thanks so much for calling us here tonight at the ESO radio camp.
Bye-bye.
Well, I'm sorry I couldn't get down there, but we had to unload one truck and load the other truck.
Camp meeting just won't be the same without you.
Those boxes of dirt from my homeland are precious, but they're very heavy.
It did bring the voodoo stick, though.
A message.
Hide.
I can't even lift that voodoo stick anymore.
Shh.
It reminds me of the man you used to be.
Kill, kill, kill, kill, kill.
Kill, he's in shape.
You're wrong and all that.
I am of the new flesh now, Dave.
You're a rubber monster now.
I have become as into a rubber monster suited god.
I've drank the souls of the rock and roll fans.
Yes.
That's breaking on.
Yes.

It's a sweet nectar to be savored.
That's breaking on down.
Yeah.
And you can get like five or six bucks with those little tiny bottles.
Oh, death.
Oh, death, drop me asleep.
Bring me to quiet rest.
Let pass my weary, guiltless ghost.
Out of my careful rest.
Oh, death.
My pain.
My pain.
My pain.
Who can express?
How last they are so strong?
My dollar will not suffer strain.
My life or to hold on.
That stuff will look great in the promos.
Where do you want me to do the eulogy for Dr. Legume, sir?
We'd like you to stand right there to deliver the eulogy.
Oh, okay.
What? What? What? What?
Oh, no. Why don't you stand over there?
Oh, what a funny funeral we're having.
On with the eulogy.
Walter is gone, but he wouldn't want us to cry.
No, he'd want us to laugh.
He'd want us to laugh all the laughs he never got during his career.
He, he, he.
Ah, Walter.
What a relief.
Yes, to get rid of Dr. Legume.
Well, he's not gone for good.
But get your pencils ready, friends.
We need to give you some addresses.
These are important.
Number one, I did dig up the address of Only a Mother.
By the way, that piece of music that we cut into the middle of just a while ago
was a song called Death by Only a Mother.
And here's their address for those of you with tape decks running.
It's P.O. Box 531.
That's P.O. Box 531 in Wyandotte, Michigan.
And Wyandotte is actually spelled W-Y-A-N-D-O-T-T-E.
Meh.
4-8-1-9-2.
You can ask them for information on them, Only a Mother.
And, friends, what you're listening to right now
is, of course, the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
And if you need more information on the word of Bob,
or the tapes of this show and such like,
just feel free to drop a self-addressed stamped envelope to
Bob
at Post Office Box 140306.
That's 140306 in Dallas, Texas.
Home of all great crackpot religions, right?
And that zip is 75214.
Uh, yeah.
Hold on just a second.
Ah, there it is.
See, now, for me, that was several minutes.
But for you, by the miracle of time control, it was instantaneous.
I now have the address of ESO Radio.
If you're interested in tapes of Lonesome Cowboy Dave and Chaz,
and you should be,
and that's ESO at P.O. Box 14776.
14776 in Cleveland, Ohio.
44114.
And, uh, that is the, that is the end.
That's all I have to say.
And there's nothing more to be said about Dr. Legume.
We won't go on and on about it.
Thank you.
When I heard of his demise, it was such a relief, really.
Finally, that's over.
Shut up! Shut up!
Ha, ha, ha.
Ah, how I hated Dave.
Endangered species.
But, uh, speaking of endangered species,
some of you out there might be under the mistaken impression
that the late, great Dr. Legume was resurrected last week
at the Cleveland Divival.
Yes, that's right.
A rumor had reached me some time ago
that Reverend Stang and the rest
would attempt a revival at the Divival.
And for a while there, I was wondering,
is Dr. Legume really dead?
After all, can Reverend Stang actually raise the dead?
I mean, I thought some things about this church
were no more than sick inside jokes.
But if doctors for Bob can raise not only hell,
but the dead as well,
then maybe my faith in old Bob ain't what it should be.
I decided to investigate, and here's what I discovered.
It saddens me to a degree beyond description
to have to report to you, my brethren,
that our own Reverend Stang,
yes, Stang himself,
has resorted to the lowest forms of trickery and ledger domain.
For he has used the church and the dead Dr. Legume
for no higher purpose than the almighty conspiracy dollar.
But what the hell?
If I could make money off Legume's swollen,
discolored, festering carcass, I'd do it.
After all, he isn't worth it.

He's worth anything to me alive.
I have it on the very, very highest authority, my brethren.
The highest authority that the man who appeared as Dr. Legume in Cleveland
was an imposter.
Yes, a deception was perpetrated upon that divival crowd
in DNA Level C,
and the man Reverend Stang claimed to raise from the dead
in order to sell a few more tickets to his raggedy-ass divival
was an actor.
He was an actor doing a very poor impersonation
of that unimpersonatable subgenius extraordinaire,
Dr. Katalin Legume.
Shame, shame upon you, Reverend Stang.
What do you take we subgeniuses for?
A pack of normals or something?
I delivered his eulogy on the air, and that settles it.
And besides, my secret but very high authority
assures me that Dr. Legume is not a subgenius.

He is still as dead as he ever has been.
What are you going to believe?
That Stang actually bothered to resurrect Legume's highway hamburger buns?
Or that Legume was never dead,
and that your old pal Reverend Void got hoaxed and faked out
by a premature announcement of his demise in the first place?
Or are you going to believe me now
when I tell you that the man raised in Cleveland
was not Dr. Legume,
and his status since I announced his...
death has not changed?
But enough of this ghost baiting and skeleton rattling.
It's Halloween, that's most unholy of Bob's unholidays,
and the Funhouse crew here has been busy all week long
sacrificing normals and other large insects
on the altar of high weirdness
in hopes that Bob might clog their third nostrils
with his literally ungodly psychic stench
and inspire them to...
new depths of depravity and self-abasement.
And they have succeeded, my brethren.
Yes, Bob, that smiling oaf whose meatloafs
on the brainpans of all true-saved yeti
has gone and done it again.
At least I hope he's gone and done it again to their brains,
because he hasn't done a damn thing for me lately,
and I don't have any material for this show.
That's right, I'm lost in Clueless,
and winging it on a prayer tonight.
But it's a prayer to Bob,
and hopefully he will give me the luck I need
to think up something clever to say about Halloween.
Uh...
Meantime, I'll just let the Funhouse gang
kind of take over this show
and carry me like the cold, dead bag of bologna that I am.
Just remember, even when we're stupid and you're bored,
this is Bob's Slack.
I'm Funhouse, and we're here for Funtime.
They're down with Dracula in the lab.
Gonna have some fun time.
Might get killed.
Hey, baby, we like your lips.
Hey, baby, we like your pants.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, Funtime.
