Oh, yes, dear friends, can you imagine how a negroidal subgenius must feel when listening
to a bunch of Caucasian humans arguing about the bell curve?
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to the subgenius
powerhouse.
What?
Yes, and let's just go directly to the new Negative Land CD.
This is Negative Land, Time Zone's exchange project.
It's a beautiful, beautiful thing, my friends.
Executive Window will bring you information more quickly and concisely in a form suited
to your leadership role.
Using symbols and color codes augmented with sound and motion, your Executive Window will
communicate the status of projects and corporate measurements of interest to you.
Radio Moscow World Service presents Sidewalk Survey.
Your hosts, Paula Garb and George Morzin.
Hello, everybody.
Hello.
Lately, we've received letters asking about what people in this country know and think
about the various riddles of the world.





The world's most important and most important things are the things that scientists are
working on.
Well, for instance, the Bermuda Triangle, unidentified flying objects, various lake
monsters, and last but not least, the so-called Abominable Snowman.
The Abominable Snowman?
Just by way of explanation, this so-called snowman is called Sasquatch in Canada, since
that's what the local Indians first named the beings they claim to have come across
for centuries.
I'm standing right down here at the open door of the ship.
I'm not sure if you can see me.


There's a memo to Mr. Friday.
Dr. Oslo, Norway, Dean of Psychiatric Broadcasting, Universal Media NetWeb.
Dear Mr. Friday, I am sitting now in my private quarters at the World Advertising Towers listening
to the tapes that just arrived of your departure for Radio Moscow.
I know that you won't hear this until you return to Holland.
And by that time, your negotiations should be complete and successful.
I want to congratulate you and all the people on the team there on the island for a job
grandly done.
As I listen to these tapes of your departure to the Soviet Union, I am filled with pride
and admiration for the...
the...
the...
the...
the...
extent of...

of careful consideration for the future of the world that you bring to bear on this project.
The Time Zones Exchange project, I think, will rest in the annals of media history on
a bed of nails.
That's right, it will never be popular.
It will never really reach the kind of popularity that, say, I Love Lucy did, but I believe,
especially in documentary areas, it will never be popular.
is to begin with we will gain a great deal of needed respect i don't mean to say that
note to my secretary the memo began to go a bit astray from my original plans
there and some negativity began to creep in please delete those implications
we're about 15 feet as i listen to you climb into your p38 and take off from that beautiful island
i can only hope that
note to my secretary i have the tapes from howland on freeze frame at the moment at a very
interesting section
it appears to me that mr howard hughes was on the island at the time of mr friday's departure
uh would you please look into this i understood that mr hughes was dead
you'll find him appearing in a white shirt to the left of the p38 at frame 6014 6014
i believe that's the first image of him
oh where's that unlock code
oh yeah there it is okay let's see what this says
oh
good to go mr red
what's going on
Now, I'm not permitted to reveal what year it is here now, of course, but let me assure you, a lot has happened since you died.
Mr. Friday is presently vacationing out on the Crystal Wheel, but his 20-20 hindsight seems to only improve when he's off-planet.
I have just received an urgent authorization from him, so scrap whatever you had lined up. It's not going to make any difference to the future.
If you'll check your auto-schematics receiver, you'll notice we are feeding you a test wave mix, which is to be broadcast tonight.
Now, as you know, test wave mixes are sent directly to Radio Moscow through you, creating an intercontinental simulcast, complete with receptacle phone input from both countries.
This test wave is especially designed for the Soviet population.
It has perhaps already occurred to you that while the old order of Soviets arrived,
the Soviet society has been dumped, there has been virtually no practical preparation in Soviet culture to replace it with what they said they wanted.
From our vantage point here in the future, Mr. Egg, we need to quickly insert the functional aspects of a free-market economy into the collective Soviet mentality to avoid the approaching chaotic derailment of their economy in your time.
You know, learning to buy is easy. They must learn how to sell.
If this works, and Mr. Friday is right,
if the Soviet society is confident it will,
it will immediately open all the Soviet republics to the unhindered distribution and sale of Mertz,
which in turn will change their decision to prevent Pride Hall Labs from mining the Mertz enhancer chemical, Cephysate, which will soon be discovered in that big crater in Siberia.
And with the exclusive rights to Soviet Cephysate, Pride Hall will swamp the future synthetic competition in metal supplements,
providing the funds now necessary to finally corner the ice mining market
by buying the Braided Ring of Saturn.
And then, well, oh, forgive me, Mr. Egg, I'm telling you more than you need to know.
Sometimes I'm like a kid in a history store.
Oh, in your time frame, Mr. Friday is now in Radio Moscow in his capacity as director of the Time Zones Exchange Project for UMN.
Let's see, oh, one more thing.
Mr. Dickie Diamond was originally informed that he would host this Cast Wave broadcast,
but Mr. Friday now tells me he has kept it.
He's canceled Diamond as host, so don't let him in the studio.
No matter how popular he is with the public, we can't risk the future of Pride Hall on a space-brained loose cannon like Dickie's.
Okay, good luck, Mr. Egg. I'll talk to you again soon, and, uh, say, if you play the stock market, perhaps I can give you a few tips.
We have very accurate stock listings covering your next few years.
Oh, but, uh, I guess if this Cast Wave succeeds, that'll probably all be worth it.
I'll change, huh?
Well, closing transmission now. Please lock and recode.
Well, who am I to say? I hope they know what they're doing.
Who's this?
UMN 1 to studio. UMN 1 to studio.
Hello?
I'm next.
This is Dickie Diamond, star of stage, screen, and satellite.
Dickie.
Ha ha ha! And I've got your damn whirlycopter! And I'm not coming down!
Never!
Dickie! Dickie! Dickie! Dickie! This is Mr. Egg. What happened? Bring that whirlycopter back! We've got a herd traffic at six!
Shut up, Egg!
Chief of auto-schematics!
Dickie, Dickie!
Will somebody explain why you're making all those premium credits?
What the hell is auto-schematics, Edge?
I don't even answer! The whole thing is a pathetic hoax designed to keep the duds and ditch the diamond!
Don't you think I know what you know that I know what you and Friday are up to?
Dickie! Dickie! Dickie! Calm down! Calm down! You're still the biggest draw we've got, Dickie!
The netwap is not going to cut the line!

You're going to get me out of there, medium pie! You understand, Edge?
Dickie, Dickie, we had no intention of...
Ever since my Dancing on the Moon special was rated lowest in the sphere, you've been insuring me out!
How was I to know that gravity and rhythm are linked?
And now...
Now it's anything for diamond, anything for diamond, nothing for diamond!
Well, my career is not ending here!
Of course not!
Not at all! I'm not over the edge yet!
Listen to me. Slap yourself together! What are you doing?
I've had it with bony netwap types leading me on with dramatic promises and then delivering what?
What? Improvisation!
Bah! Yish! Yish! Yish! I hate improvisation!
And now...
I'm going to do the worst thing anyone could do to you!
Don't do it, Dickie!
Don't do it! Don't do it!
I'm going to use this script...
And I'm going to take your listeners away!
He's got a script!
Ha ha ha!
You have no defense against a script, do you?
Ha! A real plan!
Dickie, listen...
Remember the media shifter, Edge?
The media shifter?
It's right in front of me. Quite the gimmick. Very expensive!
Listen, diamond...
The blind pulls...
Dickie! Dickie! Ha! Ha! Dickie, come on! Ease on down!
Shut up, Edge!
I'm going to use this media shifter to remove your listeners!
Wait a minute, Dickie!
Remove them to your biggest competitor!
Wait a minute, Dickie!
Ha ha ha! And they'll stay there, Edge! They'll have to stay there!
Dickie...
Ha ha ha!
Listen, Dickie, I don't know what you're up to, but...
You ready? Power is red! I'm going to do it! I'm going to do it!
Don't do it! Don't do it!
No, we know count is up! Electron factor! Ten to the seventh power!
Dickie! Dickie!
Jump cycle in!
Don't touch that button!
High filter on! Counting down now, Mr. Edge!
Ready?
Listen, listen to reason, Dickie.
You can't do this!
Dickie, we've got a pilot for you, Dickie! We've got a big pilot for you!
I can fly this myself! So long, net web! Try to find yourself in the ratings now!
Dickie! Dickie! Ha ha ha!
Let's go!
Don't do it!
Not in words with me!
Only one.
But back to Friday, I must not be so easily diverted.
Oh, no kidding, man.
And yes, dear friends, that last 11 minutes and 38 seconds was from the new Negative Land CD,
which is Time Zone's Exchange Project, a beautiful double CD.
And who knows, we may be running tons and tons of that material for your pleasure.
Your pleasure here on the Hour of Slack from our good friends at Negative Land.
And I should give you their address.
Friends, you got that pencil ready?
Eh?
If you want information on Negative Land's many CDs and cassettes,
write to, and this is one word, okay?
Negative Mail Order Land.
Negative Mail Order Land at 109 Minna Street.
Just take off that street part.
It just says here, 109 Minna, M-I-N-N-A, number 391.
109 Minna, number 391, San Francisco, California.
And that zip is 94105.
Yes, after having their very lives almost destroyed by Island Records, U2, and SST Records,
these valiant audio slack masters and creators of their own medium have not only tenaciously pumped out,
astounding new album after album,
much of the material, like in this case, taken from their radio shows,
Over the Edge, there on KPFA in Berkeley,
but have formed their own record company co-op
to help themselves and other artistes get distribution
without a single record company vampire involved.
And believe you me, the Church of the Subgenius
is going to benefit.
From that very thing.
It's over the as soon as I get any kind of a break,
I need to sit down and start compiling the Hour of Slack CD series
to be done in conjunction with Negative Land.
I yes, dear friends.
Oh, by the way, in the in the background,
we're hearing music by an obscure band.
Well, maybe they're not obscure to you.
I just hadn't heard of them.
Until recently called Osric Tentacles.
There they go.
Osric Tentacles.
It's so psychedelic.
Anyway, I bet you can't tell from where you're sitting,
my friend.
But from where I am, this particular show is late, late, late.
I should already have duplicated the 14 copies
and be sending this show out right now instead of just now starting to produce it.
Oh, no.
Now, why is that preacher Reverend Stang always making excuses, you ask?
Well, now, because of being ensconced here at the apex of the very church,
just a few notches below Dobbs himself.
My excuses are actually pretty exciting.
And this time it's not our new book, Revelation X.
That's all done.
And we're just doing PR stuff now.
In fact, by the time you hear this,
you may very well already have your copy in your hot little hands or claws or pants.
Thin sabes are here for adventures.
They print that mighty book on November 18th,
and the official release date,
okay, the date they pick to indicate when they think it'll start hitting stores,
is, get this, November 22nd.
You can't say Dobbs doesn't love you now, Jack.
Yes.
Revelation X, the Third New Testament.
The New Third Last Testament, one might say.
a Simon & Schuster publication will be out there for all to see and bask in, for better or for worse.
And my excuse is not this time that I've been running around preaching on car hoods and sleeping in flea-bitten motel rooms.
That'll be my excuse next month.
But I should probably mention those now.
Two big subgenius devivals in December.
December 2nd in Cleveland, sponsored by the Flying Lemur bookstore in Lakewood.
The mighty Flying Lemur, which sponsors this show on that adorable station, WCSB.
And I don't have the exact location yet, but you can call, you Clevelandians, there at DNA Level C.
You can call the Flying Lemur.
And,
and,
you got that pencil ready?
That number is
216, of course.
221-2535.
221-2535.
That's a nice devival coming up on Friday, December 2nd.
And maybe Indian Rope Burn will play also.
And then a week later, we've got the Philadelphia devival.
December 9th at a real church this time.
It's been turned into a nightclub.
And, which is called The Church.
And that devival is spansored by Pastor Craig Roll, who hosts the Hour of Slack and his own show on mighty WKDU.
Do you do that?
And we'll feature yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang, as well as the terrifying Dr. Katahdin Legume.
And the great Father Joe Mama.
And the Beatles.
The Beatles!
No, I'm sorry.
I mean John Bartles.
John Bartles.
Not the Beatles.
Uh,
uh,
dues paying ordained members will be getting postcards about these shows.
Now,
but,
my excuse, friends,
my excuse of this week partakes of none of those, nay,
but, uh, in the fact that I've been surfing the internet.
Yes, the subgenius foundation can now take on the role of global village idiot on the information,
super highway.
I've finally hooked up the modem that Dr. Drummond gave me and got an America online account.
And I'm just waiting for my free internet access special account to come through so it won't be costing.
So now, friends, when I give the sacred P.O. box number at the end of the broadcast for information about this church,
I'll also be giving the church headquarters email number.
And you ordained members,
will be glad to know that now that we've managed to get a handle on the technology and learn the geeky jargon,
what we're mainly working on is the stark fist of removal church magazine online.
Yes, I mean, we got to work on it anyway.
And I'll be dumping the magazine in progress onto alt.slack on the internet and tweaking it and adding to it interactively with everybody else there.
And when it's all done, we'll publish it on paper for everybody else.
Who doesn't have their very brain linked to a computer and modem yet.
Now, my friend, let me backtrack and explain to ye who have not yet tried to cross that information super highway.
For many indeed are the virtual dead dog corpses dotting the sides of that highway.
Now, one week ago, before my crash course in nerd speak, I was barely aware of all this.
So I can sympathize if this already sounds like a bunch of crap.
I'm not sure if I'm talking about the
As you probably know, the internet is this invisible place like heaven or hell where people can leave electronic junk lying around for each other to fish out.
Now, mostly it's text messages and programs, although with enough know-how and gear, you can send and receive art and sound, etc.
And I mean, eventually we'll all have them in our shirts.
And I mean, eventually we'll all have them in our shirts.
And I mean, eventually we'll all have them in our shirts.

And I mean, eventually we'll all have them in our pockets or embedded in our heads.
But there's already millions of humans plugged into the internet all over the world.
And it breaks down into thousands of categories.
Now, in the category called alternative, which is where most of the weird stuff happens, there's a special mini-network among all the others called alt.slack, or alt.slack, depending, which is where the subgeniuses have been leaving messages.
For thoughts on alt.slack and which is where the subgenius code is being stored and then those callers have to leave messages to one another for several years now.
And there are several thousand messages sitting in it right now.
And there are also other subgenius electronic meeting places on other networks besides the internet,
like, for instance, America Online has a Church of the Subgenius board located under their so Elizabeth Cornelius
Subgenius Board under the Philosophical Matters heading in their hobby department called The Exchange .
But, alt.slack on the internet is, for now, probably the most used and used and used in the Christian automatically on the Internet.
subgenius dump. Now I don't know who started alt-slack and nobody's
moderating it. In other words, it's an endless series of unrelated topics being
discussed and it's also cluttered with topics that have been automatically and
senselessly dumped in there from other nerd networks. So when you first start
looking for the interesting slack-imbued material on there, you're met with total
chaos and the equivalent of thousands and thousands of pages of garbage that
has nothing to do with the church or the war against the conspiracy for that
matter. You're also met with some of the lamest subgenius wannabe geekliness
imaginable. It's kind of like wandering around a comic book convention. And since
I'm, you know, Mr. Famous Guy subgenius, when I made my presence known there I was
additionally greeted by a bunch of nerds. I was also met with some of the most
recent
lurking some keen individuals indeed. And the potential for the whole thing is
practically infinite. Now Dr. Drummond and I have been developing a plan and
we have no intention of hobbling the chaotic, what most of us would call lame,
idiotic, childish blabbering by those so-called subgeni who have no lives.
Now we do, however, plan to give the newcomer an alternative to all that by
creating new clearly marked categories which, taken all together, will comprise
and represent introductions to the church and, in fact, the stark,
stark fist of removal church magazine in progress. In other words, if you enter alt.slack
on the internet you can go straight to where the most recent few hundred messages are and
you'll find categories that were started by us here at the Subgenius Foundation but
which are also being constantly updated and added to by others. We can only hope that
this works. We're just now starting.
For instance, here's some of the organizational categories that would
comprise the online stark fist or I guess you could actually call it the
online hour of slack. There'd be an intro to Bob for newcomers, an intro guide to
alt.slack, official church news, reviews of other mutants and high weirdness
updates, you know, wonderful magazines, books, CDs, tapes you can get, so forth,
videos, upcoming devivals, current hour of slack stations and times, practical anti-conspiracy
weaponry, classic subgenius rants, new subgenius rants, letters, prayers and confessions, suggestions
and requests, classic tales of Bob, new tales of Bob, a dissent, evil gossip and flaming,
bummers, etc. and it would all be free. Of course, this would be kind of like the naked
stark fist because there's no art and we can't do italics or boldface, you know, so
the accents don't come across quite the same. But it would be free. And again, we have no
intention of corralling alt.slack or cleaning up the chaos, so to speak. We wouldn't dream
of it even if we could. We merely want to put little islands of useful organization
into it for those of us who don't really have the time or money to wade through the
randomness. And you may be saying now, Reverend Stang, even if I had a computer and a modem,
I wouldn't be interested in messing with all this computerese jargon and Bobby Blather.
I'm a subgenius, man. And I'm just not going to do it. So why don't you shut up and all
that stuff and just play some damn tapes. Okay. Okay. We're going to do that.
Okay. Okay. Slack. Slack. Just wanted to let you know what else is out there in the realm
of the church, which is actually a pretty big realm. I mean, this is a religion, so
it touches on every possible area of life, death, and a lot of the mess in between. What
else is out there, you know, besides this show and the books and the comic books and
the tapes?
And so forth.
Only one.
Back to Friday, I must not be so easily diverted.
Oh, what was that again?
The Friday family belonged to an uncommon theological order. The Sandemanians, they
were called.
Oh, I...
In his later years, and indeed throughout his life.
Friday thought that men of science were given to higher moral feelings than other men.
Well, Mr. Thomas, how does that statement jive with page 13 of your biography here,
where you state that the Sandemanians were a lusty sect of sun worshipers and that young
Friday would spend hours hanging upside down and naked in his backyard reading pornographic
Sandemanian texts, reportedly found in a crashed alien pod by Dr. Sandemanian himself.
And what did he say?
What did he say of his reading?
He said this, it made me think, it made me think, the connection with a good book has
no equal in how it can turn a mind.
Well, let's hope that's not always true. But beyond his massive sexual appetite for misshapen
physiques, what can you tell us about these supposedly alien electrical experiments which
were illustrated in these Sandemanian books?
Friday was already engaged in doing some experiments he had read about in the books.
And he said, I made such experiments as could be defrayed in their expense by a few pence
a week.
But what was the nature of these...
Isn't that just wonderful to hear?
Yes. Well, now that he owns half the world, it's hard to believe he started out on such
a shoestring.
Friday wrote, I am now constantly employed in observing the works of nature and tracing
the manner in which he directs the order and arrangement of the world.
Now, what do you suppose he meant by that?
Order and arrangement of the world.
I see, sort of a vast world vision that would probably...
And this phrase, order and arrangement.
Yes.
By that he meant the great scheme of things in nature, order and arrangement.
Well, with just a few minutes left, I'd like to get back to...
Now, Friday heard of this event, that electricity makes magnetism.
And in his notebook he wrote, make magnetism produce electricity.
Make magnetism produce electricity.
The year was 1820.
Uh, wait a minute.
I don't even have to take off my shoes to figure that would make him, let's see, 1820 to 1900.
That's 60 plus, I don't know, what is it now?
For 11 years he labored on the idea, make magnetism produce electricity.
And make electricity produce slack.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Well, we'll zone out now and go back to the discussion of Mr. Friday on slide two
of the...
Your subgenius radio minister, however, thank you.
So, let's see, 1820 plus 11, that's...
In 1831, the discovery was unfolded.
Ah, yes, yes.
And that, of course, must have been that famous first probe into the mysteries of trans-infiltration,
which killed all those assistants.
But, uh, Mr. Thomas, in the short time left, can we move on to the...
I am busy just now on electromagnetism.
I think I have hold...
and the
which Friday replied,
Mr. Minister,
one day,
you may be able to tax it.
Huh. Tax it.
One day you may be able to tax it.
Tax it.
Isn't that a wonderful reply?
Super reply.
But now, was this prior to the patent laws
that now give him exclusive usage rights
over that technology?
And at that point in time,
how could he have foreseen...
And on another occasion,
a lady put the same question.
Of what use is it, Mr. Friday?
And he replied,
Of what use is a newborn baby, madam?
Indeed.
Sometimes I still ask myself that one.
And I also wonder how Friday,
at such a young age,
was creating all these things so long ago
as if he could understand
what the future would...
So now, when you see the huge transmission lines
stretched across the land,
and when you visit the huge generating plants
that are in the air,
where falling water gives birth
to the electric fluid
which lights your home
and toasts your bread,
and when the day turns dark
and the darkness is turned to light
by a million neon flames,
think of Friday,
that little boy born to a blacksmith
who gave to the world
this enormous gift of his genius.
Super genius. Super genius.
But tell us about all that wealth.
I think most...
People want to hear about all that money.
And so he had to decide.
Make money, gather wealth,
or serve science and mankind.
His decision, we can already guess.
I guess so.
And he spoke ever constantly in this refrain.
The sweetest reward of my work
is the sympathy and goodwill
which flows to me from all quarters of the earth.
Wishful thinking there.
Great and wonderful characteristics.
The most prominent, I would say,
must be his sense of order
and his humble heart.
Of his many utterances,
this stands nobly among them.
For the philosopher,
truth adds industry
within the veil of science, he said.
It is a glorious school for the mind.
And this phrase,
there is nothing too wonderful to be true.
Is that true?
Nothing too wonderful to be true.
Just kidding.
Well, we are right out of time, Dr. Thomas.
So, uh...
So I say,
it would be good for boys to get jobs like this today.
Well, I'm sure they'll try, Mr. Thomas.
You mean like...
Remember, too.
Ben Franklin was an errand boy
and an apprentice to a printer.
You will remember I told about that.
Yes, I do remember, Dr. Thomas.
And thank you.
Thank you very much.
Thanks for that.
I think that was a great insight
into the early years of C. Eliot Friday.
We've been talking with Delmar Detmer Thomas,
the one and only authorized biographer of C. Eliot Friday.
As we continue here on the Piddlediddle Report
with our topic for tonight,
C. Eliot Friday and the Soviet connection.
I must say,
Mr. Thomas must be quite a draw
because, uh, our ABS audience meter,
indicating how many of you are tuned into us,
took a giant flying leap into the really big numbers
right in the middle of that issue.
interview. Well, glad to have you aboard, and I know you'll want to stay with us as these historical
events in the Soviet Union continue to develop, and we explore the mysterious role of C. Eliot
Friday, the world's most mysterious tycoon in these events. We'll be back with more right after
these messages. This is the American Broadcasting System.
Diet recommendation for subgeniuses? Well, now, actually, in the book of the subgenius, it says,
oh, some granola in the morning, and then three martinis, and then some nice, you make a sandwich,
you take some sprouts, you know, some organically grown sprouts, and some of that peanut butter
that's...
You get in the health food stores, the kind with the oil on top. Yeah, and your grandma's face,
and make your sandwich. And now, that's for lunch. Then for dinner, you would maybe eat some rusty
nails, and stuff some frop up your exit wound. That quote, that sort of thing, when we give
directives and admonitions of Bob in our books, those are really, oftentimes, believe it or not,
those are meant humorously. Because Bob would...
Well, never...
No subgenius is going to give you orders. Well, actually, I shouldn't say that. A subgenius may
give you orders, but no subgenius ever takes orders from any other subgenius. We would give,
for instance, the conspiracy would tell you what's healthy to eat, what you should eat,
what you should watch on TV, and who you should vote for. We're not going to tell you any of that
stuff, aside from the obvious, J.R. Bob Dobbs for World Overlord. But for all we know, as powerful as
he is, he's going to give you orders. And we're not going to tell you any of that stuff, aside from
the obvious, J.R. Bob Dobbs for World Overlord. But for all we know, as powerful as he is, he may
already be World Overlord. Praise that man, Bob. I hate Bob. You can't imagine that Bob can...
Bob hates you so much. He doesn't even know you, but he hates you. He hates you. You can go to bed
at night all alone and think, well, I'm not completely alone. Bob's thinking of me. He hates
me. But only if you send him that $20, friends, which goes up to $30, by the way, when the new book
comes out in, well, it's supposed to be in November. What? Right, Bob doesn't care. He hates you
anyway, but he also loves you. You know, Bob is, it's like good and evil are one thing when you're
on that level. It's all, I mean, Bob, one minute he might walk a little old lady across the street,
and the next minute, beat her to death, club her to death, and take her money. It's,
it's, it's whatever gives him the most slack. For all we know, now this is not likely, it's possible,
it's not likely, but it's possible that Bob is, where is he? He's not here right now. He could
be meeting with Dan Quayle to prepare a new retrovirus release, a new, quote, accidental
release of another warfare, biological warfare germ. He could be doing that. That doesn't seem
like a bridge subgenius could even imagine Bob doing. But here's the point. If he does, so be, so be it.
It is not up to us to question Bob. You do not question, you don't use your mind to think about
your religion. It's as simple as that. You, I mean, the minute you drag logic and reason into any
religious sort of thing, that's the end of it. You might as well just go join the Moonies, the
Catholic, you know, the, they are one of those other subgenius spin-offs. Oh, yes, the young little boy,
over there with the, Bob said it. No, actually, the correct line is, Bob sold it, I smoked it. That settles it.
Oh, well.
Well, now that depends. Actually, the soul, many, many people think that the soul is located in the
gonads. Actually, it is in the, now,
this sounds like a play on words, but the human soul, S-O-U-L, is in the foot, along with the S-O-L-E
type soul. And like that other soul, it's a rectangular, greenish, flat thing. However,
what most people don't know is, like the rhinoceros horn, it is actually made of hair.
It's like the fingernails or something. That's, that's right. The soul is down there.
It's all proof, man. It's like, they look for,
scientific proof. Well, we'll offer $50,000 to anybody who can prove that J.R. Bob Dobbs does not
exist. That offer has been standing for 10 years now, and nobody's taken us up on it.
Now, this is, we're getting into the ram of the, the, the angels on the head of a pen type question.
What is Bob's shoe size? Actually, Bob wears size 12 Brogan's. That is a doc, that is a question
that is addressed doctrinally.
Bob has eaten a great deal of spam. Bob was in World War II.
Bob, Bob, no, let's not do, let's not do Monty Python stuff. Oh, wait, next it's going to be
Rocky Horror Picture Show fans. It's going to be Doctor Who fans. Or, or, or Mystery Science
Theater 3000. That was the Nissan Bob. That was a rip-off. Yeah, he's referring to the,
the, the, the spate of commercials in conspiracy media that feature cute Bob-like characters,
often called Bob. The best one is the Nissan spot where you just, it's point of view shots out of
a windshield of a Nissan, and the signs all say, yield to Bob. You know, this lane is Bob's.
He starts to get a ticket from a cop, and the cop says, oh, it's you, Bob. And at the end of the
spot, they show the car and a little slogan that says, why should rich guys have all the luck?
That is an example of the conspiracy. And you can watch for this kind of thing. The conspiracy
has a special, you know how they have a UFO study group and so forth? They have a subgenius study
group that, for all we know, may be more important to Bob's plan than any of us. But they, the
conspiracy does try to cutesy Bob up, deliver a, a, this sort of a understandable Bob, a silly Bob
that's only a takeoff on silly televangelists. And, uh, they're trying to serve you, Bob,
on a whole new level. And they're trying to serve you, Bob, on a whole new level. And they're trying
to serve you, Bob, on a whole new level. And they're trying to serve you, Bob, on a whole new level.

silver platter. And the day that Bob Dobbs becomes popular, that is the day to start worrying about
this because I guarantee you, those of us who were in there at the beginning will have gone. We will
be gone. We may have taken the money and run, but someone else will be running it. And on that day,
my friend, that is the day to fear when they start selling you church air for one soul per breath.
Oh, and you laugh. You think that's funny. I've, I've seen these things.
You can read on the internet, all kinds of stuff about the church of the subgenius. I've heard the
other, Oh, there's all these geeks on the internet. I tell, they know all about church of the subgenius.
The Reverend Ivan Stang is just a fake name for a consortium of 50 writers in, uh,
Texas or no in Canada. That was the latest one. Yeah. The Canadian false Bob. Oh, there's a
smiley face, Bob. You can actually buy CDs by Jake, by Bob Dobbs. He's afraid to call himself
Jr. Bob Dobbs or put it in quotes or anything like that. No, it's in Canada and it's like
costs more than they've ever, they'll ever make. Yes.
Oh, pastor Craig friends. Here it is. Pastor Craig, pastor Craig here from the Philadelphia,
uh, subgenius radio.
Show. This is the, uh, CD, the CD, uh, which is your Babs media ecology. It's the funny,
it's the intellectual Bob. He's a little more serious and he is as much more trendy McLuhan
ask words so that you can really know that it's, it's like not that silly Texas stuff.
Dr. Levinguba is just spiked, the pathetic, the wannabe, the gimme Bob, the one of the Aquaman.
Bob psychotic. Thank you. Pastor Craig for that amazing contribution there.
I've always wanted to do that. WFMU did that to that guy's albight, send it back to
him.
.
Yeah,
it back to Bob Dean, the false Bob.
I just noticed among the shards there are two pills on the ground.
I'm not going to take these pills.
Because I know what's in them. Those are health food store or convenience store speed.
You know those
zippy pills and so forth that you see at the convenience store?
I don't know about you, but ephedrine just doesn't cut it for me.
And caffeine in the form of go-to cola just ain't...
It just ain't there. It doesn't do the trick.
We like to steal the world. We're the only way.
Well I'm getting...
Frankly,
I believe in Slack
for myself
and Yoko.
And uh...
We would like to uh... I would actually just as soon listen to
this amazing rendition of uh...
Sunshine of Your Love by Jimi Hendrix.
On the radio for the rest of the afternoon.
This is the American Broadcasting System.
I'm so depressed, Andrew.
You can't be depressed. This is the holiday season.
But America's losing its values, Andrew. I just read it in the paper.
Nonsense. I spent my lunch hour at Hastings and believe me, there are plenty of values there.
Andrew, I'm talking about something much more far-reaching.
I doubt it. The values I saw at Hastings reached to just about every gift item you can imagine.
Sweaters, dress shirts, neckwear, sports shirts, outerwear jackets, camel hair sport coats, suits, casual slacks, and more.
Andrew, this is deeper.
Deeper? I don't think you'll find a much deeper value than $32.90 for a soft lambswool sweater
or $12.90 for a beautiful silk tie.
Andrew, I'm talking about human values.
Well, then you're talking service. And there's not another clothing store with a more helpful staff than Hastings.
Real professionals.
But Andrew...
Friendly, unhurried atmosphere. Real holiday spirit.
Andrew, we're just on different wavelengths.
That's because you haven't been to Hastings yet.
One store where you can find great holiday gifts at great holiday prices.
Well, I guess that is bad.
Yeah, you...
Kinda restores your faith, doesn't it?
Only in America.
Only at Hastings.
This is the Piddle Diddle Report.
A five-hour, in-depth report on current issues of substance.
All right. We're back and with more on tonight's C. Eliot Friday and the Soviet connection.
Tonight's report on the Piddle Diddle Report.
I'm Doug Piddle.
My colleague, Peter Piddle, is away on assignment to Howland Island in the Mid-Pacific.
And we hope to have a direct phone link to him shortly.
Of course, Mr. Friday reclusively resides on Howland Island, where he maintains headquarters for his many enterprises.
Most notably, the Universal Media Netweb, now the largest international multimedia glomerate in the world.
And, uh, Frydol, his pharmaceutical lab, which has been distributing free Mertz tablets in the Soviet Union for months.
Heh.
And I can't be the first one to wonder if they had some effect on current events there.
And we've all heard the various rumors regarding Mr. Friday's role in beginning and then ending the recent Soviet coup attempt.
It has been alleged that it was a walnut-sized prototype Frydatronics micro-mini-video cam, which Gorbachev used to record his denials while a captive in the Crimea.
We all saw what he held up at his press conference, wrapped in a hanky to cover the brand name.
What's more, there appears to be a lot of evidence that the company is in the middle of a crisis.
And we've heard that there's going to be a great deal of security surrounding some kind of scientific testing going on at Howland Island right now.
And we also have reports that many Soviet media officials are now on the island.
Could this involve the mysterious trans-infiltration device we've heard so much about, now being developed by Frydatronics?
Is Friday on the island at all?
We heard his flying wing left Howland several days ago, taking the polar route towards Russia.
Is he dead?
No one's heard or seen the man in over six years.
Well, we're going to try and find out these and other things occurring before and after you hear this.
Peter Dill should be calling us soon with his report on the spot from that tiny dot so isolated that it isn't even in any time zone.
And in fact, I think this is his call coming in now.
Let's check that right here.
Peter Dill.
Peter, are you there?
What time is it?
Hey! Where did he land at? Just a second here.
It's fabulous. It's fabulous. It's all green. It's beautiful. It looks, it's gorgeous.
What are you going to do next, Peter?
I don't know, but with these new pills, it'll be easy to make up my mind.
Okay. Well, listen, we...
I'm going to look for some of those Soviet officials, I guess.
Oh, hey, hang on, Peter.
Okay.
Hang on. Don't go away.
Listen, the console is indicating we have...
We have a very special phone call here.
Could you hang on a minute?
No trouble?
We have a telephone call.
Telephone call.
Just a moment, Peter. Let me adjust the scale.
All right. Go ahead with that call.
...into the space network from the White House.
Oh, my God, Peter. This is very special. Listen to this.
We would like to patch them through.
All right. Go ahead.
If you would, please, Mr. President, go ahead.
I think your trip is just going to ignite the excitement and the forward thinking for this country,
so I really just wanted to call up and wish you the very best.
It's God-forsaken lush green foliage out here. It's right...
...on top of my face.
Oh, really?
Can you hear Mr. Bush all right?
I'm... I'm glad I got this.
Wait. He's still on. He's still on. Mr. Bush, are you still there?
Well, that's what... I couldn't understand that. I...
Yes. Just a moment.
No.
You thought he was a calm guy out there, you know, and now look at him.
How are you going to do that?
It's great talking to you, and I'll let you go back to work. What's the next thing you've got to do?
That's what I was wondering.
Move forward, I guess. I voted Democratic, you know.
Oh, that's great. I'm sure it'll go well. Sitting right behind my desk is that model you gave me down there,
and also the picture of you two guys, and it was... it was there before this phone call, too.
Oh, how about that, Peter? Great deal.
May I address the vice president?
He cut out.
I think it probably attributes the fabulous and magnetic qualities of your personality
supported as extensively as I can attempt to do with my personality.
Wouldn't you... wouldn't you think?
Oh, Peter, your signal's all jamming up now.
It's in March, I think.
Oh, it's on this end.
Everything looks very great.
Peter.
Peter!
Well, Peter has faded out there.
That happens occasionally on these shortwave cellular phone transmissions.
I'm sure he'll be back later. He's got our number.
And my God, things are a little strange tonight, folks.
Uh, kill the ocean, that's one thing I'm still in command of.
You're listening to the Piddlediddle Report.
Peter Diddle, of course, you just heard out on Howland Island. Do it again.
I'm sure he's doing a grand job making his way up towards those lights, hopefully.
If he can hear me, towards the lights, Peter.
Let's go to a message right now and come back and continue as usual.
This is the American Broadcasting System.
Uh, yes, dear friends.
Uh, that was Negative Land, their new CD.
Um, actually, it's a double CD set.
Uh, it's, uh, Negative Land presents some, some best of from their over-the-edge radio show,
The Time Zone's Exchange Project.
And I'm gonna give, uh, that, uh, address to write to for more information for a catalog of Negative Land products.
I've got that Benzel ready.
Write to Negative Mail Order Land, 109 Minna.
That's M-I-N-N-A.
109 Minna, number 391.
In exotic San Francisco, California.
And that ZIP code is 94105.
94105. Well, we're just swimming in code tonight, aren't we?
Uh, yes, we...
The Church of the Subgeniuses.
This has gone online and, uh, off the wall and over the edge and, uh,
Hell, why not?
Um, while I'm at it, I suppose I should give the, uh, sacred post office box number of the Church of the Subgenius, yes?
This is the place to write.
Drop us a postcard or a self-addressed stamped envelope for information on other subgenius information.
Ahem.
And that number is...
You know, that's not the kind of music that you want to put in the background when you're given the sacred post office box.
That number is, dear friends...
Hey, that music's even worse.
There we go.
Okay, uh, the post office box is...
Well, just write to Bob.
Uh, he ain't gonna read your letter.
But, uh, I will.
Maybe.
Uh, just address that to Bob at postofficebox1.com.
1-4-0-3-0-6.
That's box 140306 in beautiful Dallas, Texas.
75214.
And now, as promised...
Oh, by the way, that zip code once again was 75214.
Dash 04.
No, it'd be dash 0306.
That's right.
Technically, all you'd have to do is write,
Bob, 75214-0306.
And it would, uh, get here.
Cause they know.
Yes, over there at the mighty P...
Those P.O. buckers at the P.O. know.
They see all and they know all.
But they don't tell all.
Um, and, uh, but I'm gonna tell you the email address.
As promised, you can email the church now.
And, uh, it's one word.
One nice long string of words.
SubGStang1 at AOL.com.
I'm gonna go through that this one time.
It's S-U-B-G S-T-A-N-G.
Numeral 1.
That's SubGStang1.
That's all you need if you're on America Online.
But for everybody else, it's SubGStang1 at...
You know, the little A with the circle over there.
AOL.com.
America Online Communications.
And, uh, you'd be surprised.
I sit up every night and go through the mail.
As one subgenius out there said, or on there said,
it's like a P.O. box that never closes.
And your wife and kids or husband and children,
and kids sit and wonder why you sit and peck away
at that little box, that evil box that the conspiracy can...
You know, they can monitor everything we say and do.
But you know, friends, I mean, I'm so...
You see, all these poor folks on the internet are complaining about censorship
and they can't advertise or cuss.
I've been under those limitations doing this show for all these many years.
And it's just...
It's something, in a way, I...
Of course, we intend to dismantle their evil system.
But for now, you have to look at it as sort of a challenge, you know?
You have to invent your own new cuss words and eviled code words and so forth.
Well, anyway, enough of that.
Let's let the show go out.
This is Osric Tentaclesmore in the background.
Um...
Let's listen to Dr. Howell on the puzzling evidence.
Show.
That's what he calls it now.
Um, this particular tape, I'm not sure what it's gonna be, but I know what it's from.
It's from Phineas Narco's, uh, uh, compilations of that show.
You can, uh, get information about a catalog of the KPFA subgenius show from Phineas Narco.
Uh, and his address is post off...
You got that pencil, Rick?
Post office box 1247.
Uh...
P.O. Box 1247 in San Jose, Ca-la-fornia.
95108.
Or finn at west dot dark side dot com.
Okay.
What, what, what, what, what, what?
And is it consistent with the small-minded law of the people?
Yes, and with the Small Mind Administration, which has officially certified it with the house-shrinking seal of approval.
And here on the side, right under that, are the...
Well, this is interesting. It's the ingredients.
Uh, it says, U.S. certified sludge, water, sucrose, muscimol extract, ibuprofen, muscazone, dimethyltryptamine, serotonin, natural sludge flavoring.
Contains 1 40th of 1% gabofrop, an artificial mood enhancer, which should be used only by those who must restrict their intake of ordinary humor.
Caution, product may be habit-forming.
Do not operate radio while taking this medication.
Do not operate heavy farm machinery at speeds in excess of 70 miles per hour.
Do not attempt to explain yourself to others.
Maintain aspect of normal human. Consult your sub-physician or any doctor. The air condition persists.
Okay, well, this looks like the stuff. So I'm gonna take some right here on the show.
Oh, oh no.
Yep, here goes.
Okay.
Oh my god.
Boy, it's...
That's better.
My god, it's incredible.
I've started a boing cycle, caller.
Oh my god.
This has never happened before.
Stop it. Stop it.
I think I'm going to be sucked into the world of boings.
The world of nothing but boings.
The boing dimension.
It's right behind you, Mobius. The world of boings that we could be internally trapped in.
If we don't watch out, there'll be nothing on the show but boings.
How do you get some of this stuff?
Well, I told you what was in it. You can rip up a batch yourself.
But I don't know half of that stuff.
It's a free sample in each package.
Oh, oh, oh. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Oh, no, get those. Oh, the boings. They're too much. Too much boing. Too much boing.
I...
Oh my.
No.
Oh, that one was wonderful.
Need a towel?
No, I threw a towel over it the moment it happened.
And now, ladies and gentlemen, the moment you've all been waiting for.
The penultimate comedian of all time.
He transcends time and space.
He's a hilarious, hell-raising hypocrite of hallelujah.
It's the Chainer Devourer.
Who's that?
You, man. You. You're on the air. You're a big shot. Make him laugh.
Uh, it's Chainer Devourer. It's Chainer Devourer.
It's Chainer Devourer. It's Chainer Devourer.
Yeah, he's not here. He's always talking to us. And he's tired of us. He wants to talk to you like that.
Okay, now go ahead.
Chainer has the power.
My heart.
He has the power to save you.
He has the power to save everyone in San Francisco tonight.
He has the power to save everyone in California tonight.
I die for his pleas.
He has the power. Yes, Die for... The new album from Jane of Hyperclades, Die for Me.
