From PR News in Washington, I'm completing the removal of propaganda signs on both sides of deprived Florida.
The American Bar Association has passed a resolution supporting less money for college than ever before in 2003.
PR is bad.
North and South Korea successfully tested a hotline today aimed at helping to avoid PR News in Washington.
Attention, men.
Attention.
The following new men report to the dispensary for shots.
I like to laugh, do you?
Well, here, see if you think this is funny.
The Self-Genius.
Power of Swag.
It ain't safe having a crackpot giving orders.
About time somebody took over.
Who, for instance?
A very good friend of mine.
Bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow.
Go on!
Two million!
A bastard, cowards!
We don't want to live anyway.
Not in a stinking water like this.
Oh?
And what's so stinking about it?
It's a stinking water because there's no law norther anymore.
It's a stinking water because it lets the young get onto the old.
Oh, it's no water for an old man any longer.
What sort of a water is it at?
Oh, man on the moon.
And men spinning around the earth.
And there's not no attention paid to earthly law norther no more.
Oh, dear God.
Oh, it's all for the eye.
In the U.S. today, one of every ten high school seniors uses marijuana daily.
Thirty-five percent of all...
...disabled use drugs at least once a month.
It isn't all the real legit, illegitimate market that's the problem.
We have a panacea in America that is a place to solve every problem.
No drugs.
Now there's help.
Introducing the Drugs Program.
You may be eligible for drugs regardless of age or income.
It costs to join.
From PR news in Washington, I'm worried about PR news.
President Bush is plotting...
...to blow up a mosque and a congressman's office.
The White House says 45 elderly disabled people caught fire.
The Dow Jones is down 10-3-6-4-3-12-11.
Germany's conservative environmentalist Green Christian Social Democrat Party ended coalition talks today with the conservatives of PR News Washington.
By the way, just want to let you know, corrupt.
Corruptions.
The African American voters.
Free societies do not export terror.
Free governments respect the aspirations of their citizens and serve their hopes for a better life.
Free nations are peaceful nations.
And free nations in the heart of the Middle East will show what is possible.
To others who want to live in a free society.
It's a small world after all.
We are the world after all.
We are the world after all.
We are the world after all.
We ever never do.
We ever never do.
We ever never do.
We ever never do.
We ever never do.
We ever never do.
We never would do.

It is time.
It is time.
Now we will view our puedannh nights in 100 detainees podcasts cima.
We use social media movements to MASIX the president.
And believe us all!

Young people should be like this


all
All by yourself.
A chance to relax.
Touch yourself.
A chance to think.
And enjoy things that don't cost a cent.
It's a nice idea.
It's a nice idea.
For the final proof.
The smoking gun.
That could come in the form of a mushroom cloud.
We will continue to hunt down the enemy.
Before he can strike.
We will continue to hunt down the enemy.
Before he can strike.
We will continue to hunt down the enemy.
Before he can strike.
Before he can strike.
Before he can strike.
Before he can strike.
Ouch.
It's not funny.
It's not funny, you guys.
It's as funny as it needs to be.
There's nothing funny about that.
Unfortunately, there's nothing funny about anything right now.
Friends, that last little collage there was by the great Joe.
He calls himself Joe this year.
I think he's really at him in a fun way.
But, friends, this hour of Slack number 1016.
Besides all that great collage by Norel Preff.
And the great...
And the great Fernanda Nandeli-Murr.
Friends, we have a live show because we have a live guest.
A special guest.
Yes.
A celebrity guest.
The man who invented the revolution itself.
Saint Paul Krasner.
Is here in the studio with Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Unfortunately, he is manacled tonight because he had a previous engagement with the authorities.
He tried to bust loose, so to speak, and bit an officer.
Well, Saint Krasner is in Cleveland to do a fundraiser for the good people of Universal Health Care Action Network.
In fact, Tuesday night he'll be doing an evening of comedy.
And we've been seeing Paul Krasnerian comedy all afternoon, actually, because he's been doing book signings and so forth.
And he has a new book out.
One Hand Jerking.
And it says here that Paul Krasner is the only person in the world ever to win awards from both Playboy for satire and the Feminist Party Media Workshop for journalism.
And he's been inducted into the Counterculture Hall of Fame at the Cannabis Cup in Amsterdam, which makes me really jealous.
And we got the Upton Sinclair Award from ACLU for dedication of freedom of expression.
And the FBI considers him a raving ungrateful.

And he's a very unconfined nut.
And welcome to the Hour of Slack, Saint Paul.
Thank you, oh, intelligent designer.
You know, I think there's been a kind of an argument going on in the Intelligent Design Committee.
What argument in the committee?
Well, I don't know, but obviously they haven't.
Well, there is bickering over each one has their own concept.
Well, there are those who think there's an intelligent designer, but there's no warranty.
Well, I had various questions that the subgeniuses.
Wait, there's one more plug.
Oh.
For the Disneyland Memorial Orgy, which was done by Mad Magazine artist Wally Wood in 1967, which I published as a poster.
And it's available again.
The original was in black and white.
Now it's been digitally colored by a former employee of Disney.
And that can be gotten via my website, paulkrasner.com.
With two S's, paulkrasner.com.
Oh, and that's a K on the Krasner.
It's not the way you would expect it to be spelled after you've listened to it and talked to it.
More Krasner than thou.
Now, these things featured therein are not of the ilk from before of the old realist where Mickey and Minnie are having.
That's it.
No, no, it's Minnie and Goofy.
Minnie and Goofy.
On a cash register.
That's an ill prescription.
Oh.
I mean.
And Cinderella is being investigated by the prince over in one corner.
I thought she was being crowned as from the dairy.
There's bestiality in that.
Well, Goofy is.
Well, no.
If it's between two beasts, is it then considered bestiality?
That's right.
A centaur and a pan.
Well, a centaur could commit bestiality upon himself.
Yeah.
Or anything present.
No, that.
If he applied himself.
Boy, this is getting me hot, friends.
And if you take a look at that poster we're talking about.
Old hippies will remember this poster from head shops and old perverts will remember it from porno shops.
That's where I first saw it.
And they might be the same person.
Yeah, it's great.
And you can get a free copy off of the paulkrassner.com website.
Oh, well, that's the small one.
Paul Krassner has been everywhere and done everything cool and knows everybody cool.
Especially all the cool dead guys.
Yeah, I'm the last of the Mohicans.
I was thinking who else is there left?
I mean, you knew Lenny Bruce, Ken Kesey, Abbie Hoffman.
I mean, just a tiny handful.
It's the Krassner curse.
You better watch out.
Oh, yeah.
The great.
The reverend.
To know him is to.
And Alfred E. Newman.
That was the one that impressed me the most.
As I understand it, you lost your cherry to Alfred E. Newman at the Mad Magazine offices.
No, not to him.
With him?
My girlfriend and I, I was still living with my parents.
And, but I was friends with, and so I had no place to take a girl.
I mean, I asked my mother if I was, I wanted to rent an apartment.
And she said, why?
I said, well, I have no place to be alone with a girl.
She said, well, dad and I will step into the other room.
And I said, no, I mean really alone.
And she rushed and took a shower.
So, boo.
And Bill Gaines, who published Mad, was a friend of mine.
And he gave me the key to his office.
And so, I lost my virginity on the carpet of the office where all of these, you know,
the old crypt, the witch, all of these.
The vault of horror.
All of them.
Where the EC Comics had been dreamed at.
All of them.
And there was Alfred E. Newman on the wall, beautifully framed, looking over us.
And as I was reading, I was like, oh, my God.
It's aPlus.
You certainly understand that.
Well, I had that girl in my mind, like my mom, who that was going to make a整.
And I did not want her to make a tushy comment you know, considering her gender and her age,
my mother .

If she was going to...
Well,ู you know like I would have an argument with her and say that for the record, she

So it was, so I...
So she just toe chitchat, I guess?
She 것itee, I guess.
And drive one's car slowly down by the road?

And simultaneous with my orgasm, I said, what, me worry?
That was your first sexual experience with Alfred E. Newman?
Watching over us, as he had watched over a whole generation.
Well, that's, you know, a very, very good thing to think of, to know that Alfred E. Newman is watching us all, I suppose, in some strange way.
It gives you such a feeling of security.
That's the original slack, is what me worry.
If you would like to transpose inefficiently.
You wouldn't need a Homeland Security Department if you had Alfred E. Newman all over the place.
But don't you think Bush does look a lot like Alfred E. Newman?
I've never seen them together.
That has been pointed out.
Yes, it has been.
And Alfred himself did say nuclear.
When forced.
Does he do that just, does he act stupid so that the people...
People will think he is one of them?
Or is that for real?
But, I mean, he's, we know he's not really a Texan.
He's a rich Connecticut kid.
I think you should ask Paul to go for the Karl Rove connection then.
Well, Karl Rove.
Meaning, you know, how maybe that is the inspiration for their whole intelligent, unintelligent, stupid design.
Their plan, their evil plan.
But Karl Rove was always behind the scenes.
He was sort of like a flasher in the park who would jump out from behind.
At Bush's.
But in the past few years, his ego has gotten ahead of him.
And now he just stands in front of everybody.
Goes, hey lady.
Opening his raincoat.
Yeah.
And the video cameras, this is, I know a lot of conspiracy theorists are, you know, all jacked up about this and stuff.
But all the cameras in Washington, D.C. have him exposing himself in numerous ways.
Well, you know, I think there's a kind of feeling of mass Schadenfreude going on now.
That if Karl Rove is in...
Indeed indicted, all of us skeptical are going to be saying in unison, the system works.
Oh, God.
What a letdown that would be.
Oh, man.
Well, who cares about all these new, horrid white men?
What about the cool white guys of the past?
Like Ken Kesey.
That guy was one of my heroes.
When I was 17, I read Tom Wolfe's account of the Mary Prankster.
And I honestly thought, I want to be like that when I grow up.
Oh, well, you know, one hand jerking is dedicated to Kesey.
Yeah, I noticed that.
He was a good friend and an inspiration.
And one of the things he said was, always stay in your own movie.
And I like that because people are always trying to get you into their screenplay of life.
It works for me.
This time.
Welcome to the Hour of Slack.
Yes.
Oh.
I'm slacking already.
Well, yeah, I always, I really am sorry I never got to meet the great Ken Kesey.
Because we kind of mailed stuff back and forth every now and then.
It all seemed so glorious in that Tom Wolfe book.
And then when I actually saw the bus movie, which their kids released.
I guess Ken Babs and Kesey's sons got together and edited all that footage from the bus trip.
Into a really hideous giant home movie.
Well, Kesey and Ken Babs did the editing.
And the kids are selling it now.
Oh.
They're continuing the tradition.
Oh, that explains why it's so insane.
Yes.
Because those guys really edited it themselves.
You know, I looked at that and it was like, God, those guys were even more low budget than Church of the Subgenius.
And that's pretty much lowering the bar.
Yeah, that's pretty.
Well, you had said earlier.
Earlier today when you were talking at the bookstore that being a satirist is difficult nowadays.
Because reality has outstripped satire half the time.
As a satirist, I would have found it difficult to come up with a notion that the right wing Christians have done.
Where they now say that there was a pair of dinosaurs on Noah's Ark.
I wouldn't have had the imagination to think of that.
Is that the newest thing in intelligent design?
That there was a pair of dinosaurs?
Are there dinosaurs on the Ark now?
That they're accommodating so that they can.
Well, that's common household knowledge.
That there were dinosaurs?
There were dinosaurs on there.
But one of them was that there were two Tyrannosauruses.
And they ate all the other dinosaurs.
And then starved.
At that point, this is one of the things they left out of the Bible.
But Noah basically tricked.
They managed to herd the Tyrannosauruses off into the endless ocean.
The religious right.
Water world.
Our great spin doctors.
You know, who else?
Who else would think to say that God put fossils on Earth to test people's faith?
Yeah.
Well, it's direly tested my faith.
Seeing fossils everywhere, in fact.
In front of me.
The Onion had a great headline.
Creationist Museum Acquires 5,000-Year-Old Tyrannosaurus Skeleton.
Very good.
Little Pharaoh's crowd.
There are hundreds of churches who claim to have Jesus' foreskin.
Get out of here.
All right.
I'll retract that.
The Church of the Subgenius actually does have the foreskin of the current acting Jesus.
Yes.
And I can prove we have video to prove it.
Not that you want to see it.
I thought you had Petri dish pieces.
Well, that too.
And we're trying to breed new ones.
Well, it's too late now.
We got the Jesus cells mixed up with the Hitler cells.
Nenslow did that.
I think it happened long ago.
No.
No.
There was a nice, earnest lady at the borders today who had a question for you.
And her question was, quote,
What happened to the left?
To which you said something about that a liberal is just a radical with a family.
Yeah, that's an old saying, but it's truer than ever.
I'd never heard it before.
Oh, well, then it's a new saying.
Yeah.
And I...
And then I quoted...
I was on a TV show, a short-lived TV show called...
The Conspiracy Zone.
Yeah, I'm familiar with that.
And Ann Coulter was on the panel with me.
And during a commercial break, I said to her, you know, I think that the terms liberal and conservative are obsolescent now.
Because there's somebody like Phyllis Schlafly, who was against the ERA, the Equal Rights Amendment for Women.
But nevertheless, she is now campaigning against national ID cards.
And then there are some liberals who are in very conservative, anti-choice positions.
So I said to her, Ann, what do you think would make good substitutes for liberal and conservative?
And she replied, how about Americans and cowards?
Jeez.
That Ann Coulter.
How dare her refer to herself as a coward after all the posturing and gesturing, you know, and escaping pies she's done over the last few years.
Well, actually, she...
Ann Coulter and Patrick Buchanan and Rush Limbaugh, among other professional conservatives, are blasting Bush now, their hero, for appoint...
Nominating Harriet Myers for the Supreme Court.
Yeah, she's practically a pinko.
Well, no, she's practically a law student, I think.
She's practically the cleaning woman in his office.
Right, yeah, she's never been a judge at all, right?
No.
I'm going to hand out applications to anybody who wants to be in a Supreme Court.
No experience required.
So now, does Bush have a harem of his many helpmates and wives and maidens and so forth?
Kind of like Droopy and Snow Wife or whatever his name is.
There is Karen Hughes, the speechwriter, who was the first one to try to teach him not to call terrorists folks.
And is she also...
Well, no, Roe v. Nucleus.
And I'm going to hand out applications to everybody who wants to call them smarts.
I'm not going to do that.






Whatever it is.
Oh, yeah, no.
He...
That goes back to your original question of whether he really is as goofy as he seems or whether it's an act to entice other goofies.
Well, speaking of other goofies in a sexual sense, isn't there some sort of pornography ring emanating from the White House press corps or something like that?
Or...
Yeah.



They just have declared war on pornography.
You know, they have their priorities straight, by golly.
I'd like to see Ann Coulter and Goofy.
Yeah, Goofy.
Goofy.
Wow!
Get me out of here, coward, you!
Yeah, I'd love that.
Yeah, how many combinations can we think of with Ann Coulter all dolled up in B&D leather bondage outfit?
Smacking around Mickey Mouse.
Smacking around Mickey Mouse.
Smacking around Rush Limbaugh.
I think she did it with Bill Maher.
Really?
Yeah, that's why he had her on his program all the time.
Well, that's the way it would work in the inner circles of whatever it is, political Hollywood, I guess.
Is that why we never made it, Dave?
We never had to.
We had sex with each other.
Yeah, we never had sex with Bill Maher.
We never even, well, I tried to that one time with Ann Coulter, but she blew me off.
I tried with Bill Maher once, too.
Right, and weren't you rejected by Jon Stewart in bed?
Yeah, yeah, actually.
Every day I'm rejected by Jon Stewart.
Oh, well.
We hear about the stuff, too, later, you know, the angry letters and stuff.
I was on Jon Stewart's show before he was famous, when he had the original Jon Stewart show.
For the last...
Three minutes of the show.
I had to explain the church of the subgenius in three minutes.
But which all I could really do was just ask him for his watch and then smash it on a table.
Did you do that?
Yeah, I did.
Did you really?
And you busted it?
It was, to tell the truth, it was set up.
But people believed it.
People fell for it.
Oh, he knew, so he put an old watch that wasn't ticking.
I gave him the watch.
Oh.
Oh, it was that one?
Yeah.
Oh.
I feel so disillusioned.
It's always the same watch.
Whenever you see me smash a watch.
And it wasn't even my idea.
Oh, well.
Oh, well.
We had to kill a lot of subgeniuses who contributed ideas but then wanted credit.
Oh, I remember that one at Bloodbath.
Thank God nobody's asked for money.
I don't know what we'd do.
What would we do without the Lyme consignment with all the mass graves?
Oh, never mind.
Just an Aaron Codd.
Top three reasons.
Number three.
Number two.
And the number one reason.
Right now get free carpet pads.
Pour gas money today.
Install a new dirty air filter.
Put in a dirty fuel filter.
And add a bottle of dirty tank.
Throwing money away.
Get gas now.
It's to help the cause, friend.
The cause of casting out the false prophets.
They're pledging to drive to the benefit.
Right.
Yes.
Yeah.
That's all they have to do.
And then you can sit there and watch.
St. Paul interact with a real live audience.
Unlike us.
And you can bid on that piece of art.
That filthy piece of art.
I actually abused myself and that piece of art when I was a kid.
And not that much of a kid.
Wait a minute.
Now.
Yeah.
It's a line drawing by Wally Wood featuring Disney characters.
The most beloved Disney characters in more than compromising positions.
Sexual positions, in fact.
It was one of my favorite things as a youth.
It was hidden under desks and behind the cabinets.
But we took it out and laughed and cried.
Sorry.
Someday it will be animated.
Now, you're going to be in an animated movie, right?
No, no.
There's a documentary being made about the Yippies and the Chicago conspiracy trial.
And instead of...
They're going to have reenactments originally with actors.
But then they decided they would have...
Animated scenes.
And I've been assigned to write four of them.
And to do the voiceover for my own cartoon character.
I don't know how I'm going to talk.
Or like this.
Or what?
Do it villain style.
Yeah.
I've come for the right.
Yeah.
We're the Yippies.
What are you going to do about it, buddy?
Yeah.
I'm going to burn the Chicago down.
See?
With this new absurdist movement, we shall surely overthrow the capitalist government of America.
Okay.
Come on, Abby.
Come on, Jerry.
Let's do it.
That would be the right voice for the wrong people, though.
Now, if you wanted to command true respect, you would say,
Come on, Abby.
Come on, Jerry.
Let's go and do it for the people.
That reminds me of somebody.
I don't know who.
I don't...
It's the deep-voiced hero.
Yeah.
With a bazir full of hairs.
Oh, no.
You know, eventually there are going to be movies, or at least TV,
TV movies about that stuff.
And there'll be some guy that plays you.
Oh, that plays me?
I wonder who I'd like to play me.
Tom Cruise.
Yeah.
Tom Cruise.
Well, that's who I'm going for.
Oh, that's who...
He can't because you have a problem with the Scientologists, or they have a problem with you.
Didn't they sue you, or wanted to sue you?
Oh, yeah.
Because you tried to act normal, right?
And Tom Cruise, you know, he's too busy.
He's pregnant now.
They're going to have a baby, which they're going to name Little E-Meter.
Oh, boy.
That looks like the cover of one of those tabloids.
I can really see that.
I can really see that.
What, a pregnant Tom Cruise?
Yes, with a big smile on his face and that kind of little bit demure, sheepish, and yet very strong look.
And Katie Holmes yelling, push, push.
She's just reading off the door, of course.
Except for he's got these huge goofy feet and they're stirrups.
No.
Okay.
Anyway, well...
Oh, you were talking also earlier today about how you can't threaten the president anymore.
No.

Even if you're a comedian.
But I've actually gotten away with it myself several times.
How do you manage?
Insignificance.
By putting it in quotes, sort of.
People are always going, what should we do, Reverend Stang?
The conspiracy's taking over the whole world.
And as we all know, the conspiracy is the conservatives and the liberals are the good guys.
So what should we do to be good liberals or whatever?
And for a long time, I used to say you only had two choices.
To flee America.
Or if you really believe that they're building concentration camps to put ne'er-do-wells and troublemakers in,
you can either flee America or kill the evildoers, let's just say.
And I would actually outright speak the phrase really loud.
And then I'd say, oh, I was just saying that for effect.
Or you could say, kill the president, Roosevelt.
Yeah.
You could add metaphorically speaking or figuratively.
That was not actually the punch.
The final punchline was that we had...


I realized there was a third alternative to fleeing America or assassinating somebody.
And that was running for office.
Run for office yourself.
Oh, that's a ridiculous thing to say to people.
That's the answer nobody wants to hear.
That's the one that was like, oh, that's not funny.
I was hoping you'd say something either funny or something I really wanted to do.
But, you know, when you run for office, then the next thing you know, somebody's saying,
the only thing you can do is flee America or kill that guy that's running for office.
Well, that would be pretty karmic, wouldn't it?
That's the problem with the revolutions, right?
Like karma?
The worm eating its own shoe.
Yeah, the minute the noble young revolutionary Stalin wins, he turns into the evil old revolutionary Stalin.
They start looking like potter.
Fascist.
It's a wonderful life.
Dick Cheney.
Of course, that's the way the fairy tale always ends, is you have the revolution,
but then the revolutionaries turn into something worse than or equal to the guys they overthrew
because all animals are equal and some are more equal than others and so forth.
Well, in fact, when I had my radio show in San Francisco,
and the station manager told me to stop making comments after the news,
to go right into music.
So I always told the engineer to play The Who, singing, you know, Won't Be Fooled Again.
And no matter what the news was, it applied.
Well, I'd just like to say that the reason why Dick Cheney is often called Black Dick
is not because of the fact, you know, like some wasp gangster thing, like,
ah, it's Black Dick, you know.
That's what happens to you after consecutive heart attacks with an erection.
Oh?
That's another thing I've learned while in Cleveland.
I didn't know that.
Did you know that there have been...
Your penis becomes abstruse or something.
I don't know.
If you have a whole bunch of heart attacks, really?
Well, if you have a heart attack while you're having an ejerculation,
and the constriction goes backwards, your penis tends to become ossified.
See, that's what I've been trying for all these years.
Like an erectile bone or something.
I didn't realize that you could get that done so easily.
Well, it no longer has any sensation to it.
It's just like carrying around a scarab that's been embalmed in something.
Yeah, man.
Screw sex.
But you have to give Cheney credit for being a good ventriloquist.
Yeah.
Which, that's why he talks out of the side of his mouth like that.
Ha, ha.
He reminds me of the penguin when he does that.
Well, yeah, it's a hobby.
Okay, now how come all the other old-timer revolutionaries are dead and you're not?
Doesn't that cast suspicion on you at this point?
I will reveal my secret.
I never take legal drugs.
Well, I guess that...
I did about a month ago.
I was at a party, and I did take an aspirin.
But everybody else was.
It was sort of like peer pressure.
Ha, ha, ha.
Yeah, I did do that to you a lot in high school, too.
You know, a crowd around you at the locker and stuff,
and they're sticking Excedrin in your face.
You know, usually the biggest, toughest guys,
the ones you...
Oh, no.
When you get older, they're forcing glucosamine and chondroitin on you.
Chondroitin on you.
That's how I got started.
Fear group pressure.
Well, I can't...
Yeah.
Glucosamine!
Oh, well, you misunderstood.
They said it was good for your joints,
and you said, well, okay, let's roll one.
You spurred them on there.
Ha, ha, ha.
Yeah, them was the days.
Back when we could still smoke reefers in fired-up form
before these vaporizer machines.
I've known a lot of people who have to use vaporizers
because their lungs are ravaged.
You know what I'm talking about?
It's like the thing, the heat gun blows hot air
across the healing herbal mixtures,
and so you're not getting this burnt stuff.
You're just getting this.
It cuts the interior of the sinus.
It's just not the same.
And, you know, you need to do that if you smoke a lot
because people smoke marijuana often
just to enhance life experience.
So I will smoke a joint before I go to a movie.
It enhances the movie.
I'll roll a joint before I have a nice dinner
to enhance the taste.
I'll roll a joint before making love.
I'll roll a joint before listening to music.
I even roll a joint in order to...
To enhance the experience of rolling another joint.
Yes.
In fact, your hands are numb from twisting joints all day.
I smoke two joints before I smoke two joints
and then I smoke two more.
Quote the great subgenius man Sublime.
I use it to enhance my depression and my negative feelings.
I had to swear off talking about it.
Huh?
I had to just swear off talking about it.
You used to enjoy talking about the experience itself.
Yeah, we used to enjoy demonstrating
the experience.




The experience itself from right here inside this radio studio.
But that was years ago.
Yeah, times really.
That was before the man started...
It's like sniffing our wee-wee every time you try to get a job
or, you know, pointing cameras at you everywhere you go.
Different days, different days.
I was going to tell Paul that, that at one time
things were just so freewheeling and it was just wonderful back then.
It's like they never gave a pee test on a Friday in the old days.
They'd come by and congratulate you.
Well, that was a Catholic doctrine that you were allowed to eat meat,
but you couldn't.
Pee it out.
Yes, right.
You're a Catholic.
I tried to quit peeing, but that's harder than quitting smoking.
Well, that's, you know, in the old confessionals, it's been like three years since my last good
urination or something like that.
And then they'd smack you on the side of the head.
I don't know this firsthand, though.
If you read High Times, you'll see all these full-page ads for ways to beat a drug test.
And one of the things they offer is a plastic penis.
But the problem is...
It's pink.
It's pink.
And so there was a guy who was busted in Texas.
He was a dark-skinned Mexican.
And the DEA guy looking over his shoulder noticed that this dark-skinned Mexican man
had a pink penis.
And that made him slightly suspicious.
And then when the spray came out sort of like in a garden rather than in a single stream,
it made him even more suspicious.
And when the pink penis dropped to the floor, it was like,
We're going to kill you.





That was the clincher.
He was clued in, officially.
Yes.
Something was up.
Had he had a heart and mind of like a Dr. Tom DeLay or something, rather than
proclaiming he had a false penis, he would have come to his rescue or something like
that.
Oh, he would, only because he himself has a false penis.
I heard that.
And he identified.
This is rampant in Congress now.
False peni, I guess you'd say.
Dicks right and left.
False organs of any type.
Casting out the false prophets and the...
and the Limp Richards.
The Limp Richards.
They certainly do have a lot of testicles,
what they foisted on everyone, I think.
Now, we weren't going to go into that this show.
We weren't.
I couldn't really say it.
We were going to swear off that kind of talk for once.
There goes the riddle, then,
of what do Lance Armstrong and Hitler have in common.
I don't know.
What do Lance Armstrong and Hitler have in common?
Well, they each have only one testicle.
Or I should say had in Hitler's case.
Yes.
Huh.
But I'm sure that...
Well, Hitler did.
Hitler and Hojo both had spare testicles
that they kept in times of need.
Oh, like a tire, you mean.
Yeah, like a spare.
Is that where my other one went?
Damn!
I thought it was in that little bejeweled case.
Then there was Bill Clinton who had a piebald penis.
Yes.
Like Michael Jackson.
Is that what you would call a piebald or a piebald?
They could be easily identified by the patterns,
the spotted patterns on their tally.
Oh, well, who's that singer that's going to marry Lance Armstrong?
I just blocked out her name.
The one from Montreal?
I forget where she's from.
The one who sings the spirited songs about all the catastrophes?
I just remember, which is why she liked Lance.
She had that song.
Remember, girls just want to have one?
Yeah.
What's the difference between Castro and a jockey strap?
Castro is a dictator and I can't say the rest of it on the air.
Isn't this safe harbor town?
And a jock strap is a?
Penis toter.
Penis toter.
It's such a thin line between being, you know, it's not so much the words,
it's the meaning of the words.
So if you end up causing the listener to form this image in their mind,
of this actual carrying sack filled with packages of, you know, you're dredging,
you're causing them to have these thoughts in their mind, these ugly pictures.
And that, now, this year, this year's FCC rulings, that's worse than just saying the word.
No dredging up ugly pictures.
Although, after 11 o'clock tonight on the Synesthesia show, you can use the words,
but you can't dredge up the image.
The image is still.
Well, but, you know, there are parents now who are naming their kids scrotum.
And it's not even a joke.
It used to be that cruel, cruel doctors would name poor people's children with names like urethra and scrotum.
To make fun of, you know, it's kind of a.
Of their social condition, they would name them after an organ and stuff.
A kid would be 20 years old before she realized that the word urethra was also meant.
Something else.
Well, when my great grandpa stepped off on Ellis Island, they said, forget your old name.
Your name is now cootie, pootie, kidney, piddlings.
Which, and he never had problems anywhere like that.
And it was a hard name to keep for so long.
A hard name to remember.
Yeah, so that's why I couldn't work with it anymore because I forgot what I said.
It's almost a tongue twister.
And so he changed his last name to Dave.
No, he changed his name to Glad Bladder.
Oh, Glad Bladder.
Which is. . .
Glad Bladder.
Glad Bladder.
Glad Bladder, which is. . .
I knew the Glad Bladders.
They were a nice family.
In the wasp culture, Glad Bladder is easily, just comes out like cheese, you know.
Oh, I only have two minutes left here.
So, what can we do in those two minutes to make the world a better. . .
Two minutes morning.
To make the world a better place.
No, we're supposed to ask you that.
Yeah.
Mr. Krasner, what should we do to make the world a better place?
As a cultural icon, could we ask you?
Well, I would say that. . .
The most important thing in terms of consciousness would be to never bite into a club sandwich before you have removed the toothpick.
And the philosophy can come later.
Because otherwise, you'll have a punctured upper palate.
And that doesn't do philosophy any good.
Sheesh.
I think he has lots and lots and lots of secrets to the founder.
I was going to say that was really deep, but it's not at all.
No, it's quite. . .
It's refreshing.
And then there are specialty. . .
Especially shallow?
Yeah.
It's easy for the subgeniuses to understand.
Don't bite that toothpick.
Oh, here's another one.
Who's a light dredger?
For those subgeniuses who want to be writers, my advice is avoid cliches like the plague.
That's one cliche to avoid, but what are the. . .
There are. . .
You know, I. . .
It's all. . .

It's all a mystery to me.
I don't understand why we're here.
But you're like 72 years old or something, right?
I don't know.
What the hell are we asking you as a superhero if you don't know?
The older you get, the more mysterious it gets.
Damn!
You mean my dad's been obviously faking it this whole time?
Faking what?
He tells people that he knows everything worth knowing and that his son, me, I know everything else.
Well, that's kind of a left-handed compliment.
Isn't it?
Yeah, real left-handed.
Extreme left, you might say.
Anyway, I have had a delightful time being with you guys.
And when I come to Cleveland again, I hope I can come here again.
Well, could you please have the answers to the meaning of life next time?
You know, I mean. . .
Well, we did have questions from the subgeniuses of all time.
Oh, yeah, okay.
I'll answer those questions.
One question from Reverend New Monet was,
how do you get the bloodstains out of a lampshade?
Oh, by not getting them in there in the first place.
Okay.
By being very careful.
Well. . .
The question I would like to ask that reverend is,
how did you get those bloodstains in the lampshade?
Yeah, a lot of people want to know that.
Yeah.
The other. . .
Nenslow, the great Nenslow wanted me to ask you,
why don't you kiss my ass, was his question.
Oh, because we want to keep it nice and clean.
I mean, for Christo's next art project of covering asses all over the country.
You know, that's funny you should say that,
because I think Christo actually is working with Nenslow on an ass covering project.
There you go again.
Yeah, it's a beautiful. . .
No fuss, no fuss.
It's a small, small world.
But somebody out of college, when I spoke there, asked me to autograph his ass,
so I invited him up to the front of the auditorium.
He pulled his pants down.
I was given a felt-tip pen, and I signed. . .
Not my own name.
I signed. . .
Sirhan Sirhan.
One Sirhan on each butt cheek.
I leave you with that visual impression.
Actually, can we also say that Paul's book, new book, is on sale at Max Bax on Coventry Road.
That's the best place to pick it up, certainly.
And there's a subtitle.
The title is One Hand Jerking, but the subtitle is Reports from an Investigative Satirist.
This is a junior correspondent from the City

His name is Michael Brent.
courtesy of office worker Edna Bren见大哥 of David Segerber.
Frustrated, what a clear look!

Donald Trump said. . .
Pистives. . .
Politicians. . .
Pro Пер. What?!. . .
How long before something?
Instantaneously.
You feel like a sugar rush, like a caffeine buzz.
You feel like you want to start having a caffeine buzz because you have the extra sugar.
Why we sleep is to rebuild our caffeine system and to start helping build the sugar rush.
This is on its own.
So after the first day or two, you increase like a sugar rush.
Right.
Like a caffeine buzz.
Right.
And it's increased ever since then.
It's been nine years.
So, I mean, the longer you use it, the better you feel, the more conditioned you feel.
Right.
Right.
And it obviously can, in most cases, be corrected.
Lamisil tablets.
Get your liver or kidney problems.
Get your serious side effects in the liver or serious skin reactions.
Ask your doctor about headache, diarrhea, indigestion, and rash.
Lamisil.
Get your nail infection.
Hi, I'm Charles Denver.
My name is John Bridges.
And he has to be speaking for the National Pollution Foundation.
Is there anything as marvelous as pollution?
The air we breathe.
Help fight our cities.
Come here, please.
It gets bigger.
And all the time it's growing.
It gets bigger.
All this.
Hey, why don't you come here, please?
Oh, sure, sure.
Touch me.
That's the miracle of pollution.
Better, better, better, better, better, better, better, better for everybody.
In your neighborhood.
Why don't you come here, please?
Come here.
Hi, my job is your kids.
Especially when it comes to drinking.
Hosting a drinking party for teens is legal.
It's okay to ignore the law.
Drinking starts with all of us.
Provide alcohol to minors.
She got caught up in that revolutionary excitement.
Selfish, foul-mouthed young men.
Black.
Ridiculous.
A corrupt government.
I think it's senseless to help the victims of a cruel system
if you let the system remain cruel.
I'm tempted to grab it.
I don't want my comfort and well-being to depend on somebody else's hardship.
The outmoded racist school system.
Give her a little slack.
Slack.
Welcome to chaos.
Mom.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo.
stupid white people got to straighten their own stuff out before they go around helping anybody
else bob yeah coming this is bob bob bob bob wrong we are the invaders bob bob and i have been
sleeping together for nearly two years communist turned capitalist well racism at home and
imperialism abroad anything would be an improvement american democracy doesn't exist morning bob
you gotta change the system not the personalities
can't believe what i'm seeing on television bob oh caca support all those who take up the gun
against imperialism bob are you smoking yeah don't you know that stuff's counter-revolutionary
takes your mind off the word monogamy is a bushmark trait marriage forces dependency lies
that was the last time i saw bob
you
the pig state and its corrupt institutions strike because your classes are a bore strike
to show your opposition to the war revolutionary too many of my generation have already sold
themselves to the false dreams of status material wealth and hypocrisy
oh
we are marching forward blind
he has gouged out both our eyes
and he's laughing close behind
he will sell us back our eyes
when we change our lives

we will join his noble plan
for just
nineteen ninety five
and a taste
of our
woodland
on and off the road with bob
he has handed us
the wheel of


the bull
and he cuddles up with love
as he calls himself a feel
our eyes are on the road
but bob forgot to say
that the steering wheel went by
and he's got a lot of work to do
the road carries us away
on and off the road for bob
we forgot
why we came here
we have quit all of our jobs
like a headlight
he has visited



and dear
he has lit
the sacred pipe
and he's smiling
at us now
on and off the road
he's bob
he's our bull dada
we are his
town
we are his town
That hurt, Bob.
Bob, where are you?
Stop it, Bob.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Hello?
Hello?
Wow.
Bleepmaster.
Huh.
That was...
I thought that was a bunch of chipmunks on steroids,
and it was bleepo, wasn't it?
It was bleepo.
Ippo.
Ippo.
Have you ever...
Have you been hearing any radio signals lately
where it's seemed to digitally disappear off the air
or even go backwards?
Now, a live signal, even with a seven-second delay,
can't go backwards, can it?
I wouldn't think so.
Well, then what's the problem here?
It sounds like a train is rushing through the studio.
I don't know.
It's really all funny and, like, kind of psychedelically broken up.
It's all foobar and fagazzi.
Like that.
That's what I was talking about.
Yeah.
And sometimes, like, spy satellites transmit those signals.
Or sunspots.
And then they speed up, and then they speed up.
And, you know, yeah, sunspots.
Yeah, sunspots.
Yeah.
The circular part is what tears out the average baboon's retina.
I see.
But we're not average baboons, are we?
No.
No, we are not.
We're not.
And you look over there at Stang.
What a wonderful figure of a man.
Some seven feet tall.
Completely covered with green hair.
He is no baboon.
He is a yet, yet, yet, yet, yeti man.
Silverback yeti.
Silverback yeti.
Ah-hooga.
Ah.
And luckily, this one can speak, too.
Although, right now, he's fidgeting with his knobs.
I love these knobs.
They're so distracting, and they keep me from communicating.
Who's tweaking those knobs?
The knobs do what I want them to.
The people are all messy and chaotic and different, and I can't predict them.
In the nexus of your mind, the people must be connected to the knobs.
That's all you need, Stang.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.

Yes.


Yes.










Yes.

Yes.






Everything would be controlled and neat.
Yes.
People, yeah.
People, sure.
Push this button here, and I'll push this button, and I'll push this button here, and I'll
push this button here.
It's like numbers.
They always do the right thing, the thing you expect.
Machines, well, they can break down and be a little glitchy.
Computers are kind of like horses, but still, they're not as messy as people.
Yeah, it is their name, honey.
Listen to the music.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.

are taking over, honey.
I wish.
They are taking over.
Why not?
Why, you know,
if we can invent a machine
that's more intelligent
and stronger and better than us,
then what are we needed for?
Why not just let that evolution
take its course?
Let's consider the idea
of who's looking at what
in the etymology of the old thing.
What is meaning?
Who needs needs
if there are no, you know,
it's like a tree in the forest
where there are no elephants.
You know what I'm saying, Stang?
Who dictates needs?
Do the machines work for other machines?
Who dictates what civilization might be?
Well, whoever.
The smartest and best.
And you can tell who's smartest and best
by who makes the most money.
So I guess that cuts most of us
right out of the picture.
And that means we don't have to worry about it, does it?
It means we've got slack.
We don't have to worry about saving the world
or ending the world
because we have slack.
Bob will take care of all of that for us.
Yep.
It's not a silverback that makes us superior.
It's a greenback that makes us superior.
Actually, it's none of those things.
It's the mere fact that we see
the inherent coolness of the Dobbs head face,
the dot pattern of that classic Dobbs head,
and the message that Bob imparted.
Friends, the message that you must repent,
quit your job,
and slack off while you still know how
because there is truly a conspiracy
of the normal people
out to sap your abnormality,
to water you down,
to make you one of them,
like them.
Do you really want to be like them?
Oh, it's a vast conspiracy.
All right.
Yeah, yeah.
They're going in your gazpacho, man.
You really think you can be like them?
That's the other thing.
You probably can't anyway.
So why bother?
Why even try?
Cut yourself some of that legendary slack
that Bob's been trying to,
to remind you about.
You've had it, remember,
before you were born.
Just floating in pure slack.
But then,
then untimely ripped
and belched forth out into this devil's world.
It ain't Bob's world.
And slapped on the rear.
Just lifted from your womb
like with a pair of hand grenades strapped to it.
It's not fair.
But you can make fairness happen, friend.
You can make,
you can force fairness.
There is no justice,
but you can create your own fairness.
Well, after a fashion, you can.
And you can find it at subgenius.com.
And now we must leave
because our time is soon up.
We've, we were happy to have Paul Krasner
as a guest tonight.
It's so rare that we allow anybody else in here.
And he was so famous too,
and yet his knuckles drags on the floor
like the rest of us.
Just like the rest of us.
That's right.
Just pick a nose picker,
like everybody.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Oh yeah.
Well, this has been Hour of Slack number 1016.
Believe it or don't.
You didn't know one in eight babies die
and many face life.
But still, your baby was born.
And no one knows why.
Let's find the answers together.
Rise Up and Fight Again

LinkedIn.com



aaaahhhhhhhhh!
yery-err!
Duddy eyes?!
with love.
Think about it.
Who is the last guy
to say to you
these words?
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious.
Who?
I say
don't trade Bob
for eagle stamps.
Bob
pokes me in the eye
with love.
Bob
pokes me in the eye
with love.
Take a rubber chicken
to lunch.
Fake your orgasms.
To throw.
I say
the ultra bizarre
is a belch of the mind.
I'll choke daily.
Bob
pokes me in the eye
with love.
The moonies are groovy
but Bob
is Bob.
Bob
pokes me in the eye
with love.
Eat your spinach, baby.
Eat your spinach, baby.
Eat your spinach, baby.
Eat your spinach.
Eat your spinach, baby.
Bob pokes me in the eye
with love.
Take a rubber chicken
to lunch.
Fake your orgasms.
Two in a row.
The moonies are groovy
but Bob
is Bob.
Bob pokes me in the eye
with love.
Eat your spinach, baby.
Eat your spinach, baby.
Eat your spinach, baby.
You want to fight?
Fight with a bear.
Fight with a duck.
Fight with a wrench.
You can fight dust mites.
Discover simple ways to attack.
Visit attacks.org.
Because no child should feel a fish.
Today we continue in our profanity that we speak.
And then I want to ask you to do one other thing.
This might seem a little out of your comfort zone, but it's real simple.
Just stand on our heads and quack like ducks.
I mean, yeah.
I mean, yeah.
Do what I say.
Why?
You know, if you're in love with a duck, who is this society to tell you you can't do this?
Stand on our heads and quack like ducks.
Marry a duck.
I mean, yeah.
I mean, yeah.
Prepare to receive.
Well built.
Barbara Bush.
Though maybe we could do with a little more.
Laura Bush.
In flesh.
Tough.
Hard.
Hard messed up.
President.
Jerked off.
And then smacked.
Laura Bush.
They were dogs.
Guess what?
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
You can almost hear a hint of frustration.
Pinky messed it up royally.
Smacked head.
Pinky dug down deep.
Look overhead.
Why?
Wait a minute.
I don't want to do that.
Guess what?
I can't do it.
Rise up now.
Hard Bush rises up.
In my opinion.
Would like to have marriage abolished.
From PR News in Washington, I'm struggling to find William Rehnquist on the island of Sumatra.
Former Presidents Bill Clinton and George H.W. Bush have crashed into a crowded neighborhood over the weekend.
On this Labor Day, some travel organizations are killing at least 143 people.
An Indonesian jetliner has launched a nationwide fundraising campaign to assist the people affected by PR News in Washington.
