From PR News in Washington, I'm hampering efforts to reach a rocket-propelled iron fist.
More than 100 blows with Israeli stones at Palestinian civilians with a 3.5% growth rate estimated a month ago.
The White House is defending the White House.
The White House.
On Wall Street, 31-10-3-4-2068, the Commerce Department reports the growth brought expanded in the first quarter of the year.
President Bush has signed an executive order giving the U.S. government new powers to clamp down on PR news in Washington.
Now we're going to have Dr. Drummond here and then continue at some point with the subgenius auction of the treasures of time,
the last artifacts of old earth which we're going to be selling tonight,
including the extra lewd DVD of girls frisking unclothed in the locker room,
which he will probably bring from our...
Our cabin, where we studied it.
You did?
Yes, to make sure that the buyers would get the value that they deserved.
There may be some other videos that need to be logged as part of the final procedure.
Yeah, that's right.
We've only...
Well, hell, man, we've only got less than 12 hours left of earth money spending time.
But it is therapeutic for us to continue in our foolish humanoid rituals.
Buying and selling, getting and spending, and judging non-existent values against each other,
even unto the last moments of our existence.
For otherwise we would not be human.
And though we are subgeniuses, we are also human subgeniuses.
Oh, the humanity will go.
It will be burned away in the searing fires of X-Day,
which is why the subgenius understructure,
the subgenius endoskeleton, is so important to cultivate.
Yeah, you want to know how girls look under their clothes?
Look to that endoskeleton.
One of nature's most remarkable creations.
Hey, pater nostril, I'm going to turn the mics here up,
and you may want to turn your output down because it's for my tape, actually.
So there.
If our voices echo in an unseemly way, then we are not human.


But if our voices echo in an unseemly manner, you have to let us know because.
That's enough for, that's fine for me.
This is getting to go on the escape ship.
Some of the last records made in this place.
The final tapes made on Earth.
They'll study these tapes, you know, for clues and hints.
What did we do wrong?
What could we have done to have joined them?
Why must we be left behind?
And it'll be too late.
And now.
They realize $30.00.



$30.00 could have done it.
And it's too late.
Those $35.00, ah, $30.00 mean nothing anymore.
And they barely did back then.
$30.00 used to be quite a chunk of change, but when you consider what the usual utility
bill is, $30.00 is a mere hiccup of a laugh in the night, a departing bunch of borgerigmus
or flatulence that you'd forget about.
And only the next day.
If then.
You can wonder fleetingly what happened to it.
In the meantime, it would be guarding you, protecting you against the many horrors and
indignities of the seething subgenius apocalypse, which had you only considered was bearing
down upon you at that moment, as it does at this moment.
Dun, dun, dun, dun.
Well, you can, we don't need to feather our comments because we're not trying to scare
everyone.
We all know the stakes in this terrible game we've been playing.
The risk, the gamble, the sport of it all.
The sport, the lark, the joke, dear friends.
Well, that was Dr. Howell and myself awaiting the seething subgenius apocalypse that we
thought was bearing down upon planet Earth.
Quote, Earth, unquote.
Recorded on the stage at the Pavilion.

The Pavilion of Brushwood, the clothing optional campground in western New York where we await
the saucers.
Eight years in a row now.
But still, as you can tell, with total faith.
Although, you know, the late afternoon just before X-Day, or X-Day-een we call it, that
can become a little challenging as we hear here in these live recordings.
The recordings made off the cult's soundboard by cultist Pater Nostril just before their
day of tragedy.
Ben Seven and Come and Gone in Australia and New Zealand.
Has anybody heard from Reverend Chain Smurker?
No?
That's a good sign!
Has anybody heard from, what's his name, Reverend Cardboard Box in New Zealand?
No!
I haven't heard a word from him.
I haven't gotten any email from him in many hours.
I haven't heard a word from him.
Has anybody picked up any radio signals from New Zealand or Australia in the last
few hours?
You prove to me that they haven't been shut down, that they haven't been ruptured.
You know, the people, ignorant, illiterate subgeniuses who don't ever buy the actual
book The Subgenius often ask that question to be cute.
Well, hey man, 7 a.m. is not Eastern Standard Time!
Arrgh!
Central Time!
But, as we all know from long, long studying of the pre-scriptures, that the saucers line
up vertically over, from North Pole to South Pole over the International Date Line, which
starts in the middle of the Pacific Ocean.
And at 7 a.m. they turn on their rupture sucking device and let the world rotate underneath
them.
They don't.
They're slack.
see path of least resistance thus um you know it's 7 15 right now here well it was 7 a.m 12 hours ago
somewhere and we haven't heard from them but i would think that by by the time say beijing was
utterly destroyed by the exodus we'd start getting even here at brushwood we'd start getting news
wouldn't there be people running down the hill going man did you hear it's like weirder than the
tsunami it's like everyone east of the time zone has disappeared the every and some of them are
skeletons and some of them are just piles of clothes the piles of clothes are the subgeniuses
friends it'll be mostly skeletons as we saw in that war of the worlds low budget movie
skeletons that continue to writhe in agony and pain as
the

they burn they as their after long after the flesh and tendons have burned off the skeletons
still struggle in agony this is a terrible thing to say but it's true it's young men such as you
18 to 25 years old who are doing most of the killing you american boys
you're killing your own people and yourselves you are killing american women
american men american children
she took it
yes i know i know
to quick to experience do smoke
school camp
i walked
final
is instance
i
was
yourается
accomplices
with best yes
class
Break it up, you squares.
We've got all our lives ahead of us.
We'll manage somehow.
And a long life.
What a night.
The longer, the better.
I can't do...
I plan on doing a little snuggling with Claire.
Coming, baby.
When she comes.
When she comes.
Comes.
Golly, Mike.
Six inches.
Four and a half inches.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
We'll kill, we'll kill, kill, we'll kill, we'll kill, we'll kill.
We've given him plasma.
Thank you.
I think he can take it.
Hey, fella.
How are you feeling?
Do you remember what happened last night?
Airman Wilkins had five.
And Airman Kelly had six.
Yes, sir.
You turned over twice.
Badly.
Beaten up.
What about her leg?
What about her leg?
Let it go.
Get it over with.
Millions of men have dedicated their lives to killing your own people.
And yourselves.
But there's always some kid who comes along to dirty that reputation.
There's a great little guy.
Yeah.
So keep your mouth shut.
I don't know what to say.
I never had this happen before.
I don't know what to say.
He didn't look bad at all.
I know how you feel.
I don't know what to say.
I know how you feel.
Joy writing, dear friends, by Norell Preff.
Who is now at Norellpreff.com.
Go there for his slackful stuff.
And that's what it's all about, isn't it?
Yeah.
Slack.
Not intelligence, but slack.
Friends, you don't need those brain cells.
You don't need to be able to read.
All you need is to be able to recognize the Dobbs head.
That's really all it takes.
I've found that sometimes I wish I could be blind to everything that wasn't a Dobbs head.
Well, be careful what you wish for, Ivan.
Like the picture of Dorian Gray, a hideous bargain could still be enacted.
And while we're all enjoying the pleasure so much,
the sex goddesses,
you could be in a jag, an endless loop, staring at that head.
And you've done enough of that in your ministry.
Don't you tell me when I've done too much Dobbs head.
We know you've suffered too much.
To bring slack to others, you've often lost it yourselves.
And I know that you're tempted to go out in a blazing, burning engram of the Dobbs face
on your head.
But this sacrifice may not be necessary.
Who needs arms? Who needs legs?
The Dobbs head doesn't have those.
If I could just have each part amputated, bit by bit,
until there was nothing left but the head.
And have the little dots tattooed on.
You know, and be just like Bob.
But isn't that the nightmare of religion, you know?
It's very expensive.
The soma-ectomy takes many stages.
That's the ultimate example of sucking the finger rather than going where it points.
Bob doesn't want a planet of all male salesmen selling silly crap to each other.
Then there's the facial reconstruction surgery.
He wants a million different kind of people selling crap where the profits come back to him.
That's all.
And the dotoplasty is another thing that is quite expensive when they do it.
The whichplasm?
The dotoplasty.
When they put the dots on, each one has to be gathered from another part of the body, reshaped.
But they can do anything these days.
Particularly down in South America, you know the way it is.
They don't have those silly laws with the fetus brain tissue and so forth.
Friends, if you end up with any possible access to any extra fetus brain tissue, we have use for that.
And the fetus can actually be pretty well along.
Delicious.
An ice cream in milkshakes and to top your favorite dessert.
The universe.
I am Rocket Boy.
Strawberry Shark Cake, help me.
I want my mommy.
Strawberry Shark Cake, help me.
I want my mommy.
Strawberry Shark Cake.
Well, it's rather interesting that I was asked to follow Dr. Hal.
At the risk of getting killed.
At the risk of sounding too overly kiss-ass.
I've been a fan and admirer of the doctor since I first saw his artwork in Paradox Press' book,
The Big Book of Conspiracies, when I was roughly around 11 or 12 years of age.
It was that book that led me into the Church of the Subgenius because that book had a forward by Reverend Ivan Stang.
But Dr. Hal is, I suppose, a archetype of some kind.
A union sort of archetype.
And in fact, that's a little bit of what I'd like to talk about.
You see, I've noticed this week that Slack has come to me in very interesting sort of ways.
My approach to Slack this week has been realizing at the oddest sort of moments how I felt when I had more Slack when I was a young child.
That ineffable feeling at this Brushwood place is similar to that lilting feeling of joy.
That a young child has when they're at their grandparents' house.
And you know, I'm 18 years old.
I'm a heterosexual male virgin.
And yet, in my time, in my life, the things I've experienced have kind of popped my cherries, so to speak.
I sort of have a...
Well, I'm overcoming a certain cynical realism.
Because these are hard times.
These are difficult times, not only to be a subgenius, but to be an American, to be a human on this planet.
It's a sick world, I think we all realize.
It's a sick world when, you know, a conspiracy over man can molest children and get away with it.
It's a sick world when we have Bush and so on and so forth.
It's a sick world when we don't have any Slack.
And, you know, Slack to some is certainly rewarding and relaxation and ease and patience.
But one of the more interesting aspects of the Church of the Subgenius is that we make no attempt, we make no pretense to make you feel comfortable.
We simply bring you up here, show you our dog and pony show, and if you like it, you like it, and if you don't, hopefully you leave and we never see you again.
Indeed, it would be an interesting sort of predicament should the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms come across this place.
I think we would all know what would happen then.
They'd murder us and blame us for our own deaths.
I'm sure our Nazi friend can tell us a little bit more about that.
But moving right along.
The conspiracy would do this because the conspiracy exists and plays the role of the conspiracy.

It's the role of philanthropists.
To quote the character of Clinton Stark in George Powell's film, The Seven Faces of Dr. Lau,
I'm a philanthropist, boy. I like to help people.
Well, that's what the conspiracy does best, is it helps people.
And, in fact, we're living in an epoch in which the conspiracy is helping us through the standard conservative methods of guns and bombs and death and destruction.
Now, in the Clinton years, we had the standard liberal conspiracy helping of, you know,
vaguely socialist sort of programs and a glossy idealism.
Well, here's an example.
For instance, you're a subgenius.
You've had some problems, some personal problems, some life problems that Bob isn't just enough for.
So you go to the doctor.
The doctor looks over at your records and he says,
Ah, okay, I see what we have for you.
You are a bipolar, schizotypical, high-functioning autistic.
Please take these pills and function as a normal person.
Because this unmutualism will not stand.
And then, of course, George W. Bush wouldn't know anything about that.
He'll just bomb the fuck out of you.
Slack. Slack is an interesting subject.
I've written these down.
Slack. Slack. Slack of the Bobbies says,
Oh, I've got to show off how weird I am and how strange and bizarre and freaky I am.
Most subgeni I've noticed aren't necessarily concerned with being weirdos as much as they are with slacking off.
In fact, I myself indulge in the conspiracy media.
I enjoy pop music and, you know, TV movies and what have you.
But it doesn't make me any less of a subgenius, I hope.
Indeed, the conspiracy produces good things.
I've often listened to albums by Christina Aguilera and thought,
You know, those producers have deft little fingers.
Perhaps if they weren't conspiracy monsters, they might make something of themselves.
And, of course, I've known the slack of sales.
Reverend Lord Ferg and I used to install car audio.
And when you made that perfect sale, you felt a jolt of slack carouse up and down your Kundalini.
After that, I worked telemarketing.
And the jolt was not quite as strong, but it was still there.
The fact of the matter is that slack exists in many, many forms.
And it is for us to understand them.
Indeed, that is the function of life on this planet.
As a subgenius, you realize that there are three functions.
First of all is to appreciate, respect, love, and worship God.
Secondly, is to appreciate, love, and worship, respect, and act as a conduit for slack.
And thirdly, is to press on and hope that your evolutionary dictation progresses into the future.
Because we are the 0.1% that acts against the bulwark of conspiracy bullshit.
We are riding the crest of a fabulous fractal wave directly into what could be a wonderful future
if we act now and strike while the other is still there.
And the iron is hot.
My prophecy, as Reverend Stang has mentioned a number of times,
is that NASA has sent up missiles to destroy the Yakutism of scout ships.
But I still feel that NASA covered up what could have been the most threatening aspect of life on this planet.
The shift of the poles with their tsunami story.
But, you know, that is what it is.
It's interesting to point out that
youth may come and age may go,
but there will be no more circuses like this show.
And that they came to snuff the rooster,
but you know, he ain't ever gonna die.
As I said before,
if you're the sort of person who regards yourself as an extropian,
as someone pushing on towards an evolutionary progression,
towards perhaps a great singularity,
possibly from an Exos destroyer,
or from the ending of a Mayan universal calendar,
you still see that idealistic spark in every apocalyptic nightmare you've ever had.
And what I would like to recommend to you today
is that you maintain that idealistic spark,
you keep it strong, powerful, healthy, and lit,
and you go out of this place as happy as you came,
making the world a better, safer place for SLAC and sub-GNI in general.
Thank you.
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Reverend Alex Thompson, friends!
Best Diction!
One kid, violence.
Two kids, violence.
Three kids, violence.
I'm Dr. Laura Schlesinger.
We rock!
Yeah!
Welcome to the program.
Hey, I'm going to take you, take you down, take you down, take you down
in an entirely different line.
You need to talk to your attorney.
Give me a break.
You don't need this.
Give me a break here.
I'm Dr. Laura Schlesinger.
Silly, foolish woman.
Me.
Get rid of her.
Do you really finally understand?
You can give me a lecture.
You can beg me.
You can bribe me.
I don't get it.
There's nothing I can do.
Going in a circle.
Going in a circle.
Boyfriend came and shot up your kids.
Madam.
Tire tubes and don't make more babies.
Bull.
Dog.
Bull.
Dog.
Bull.
Bull.
Bull.
Dog.
Bull.
Dog.
Bull.
Dog.
If I choose to live with a violent man, there's not a thing you can do about it.
Yikes.
Depressed.
Low self-esteem.
Feeling like a failure.
Mm-mm-mm-mm.
Oppressed other people.
I'm Dr. Laura Schlesinger.
We rock!
Dr. Schlesinger.
Welcome to the program.
I cannot fit.
Me.
Not eating.
Starting to drink.
Me.
L-a-r-d-u-r-l-a-r-d-d-r.
Do it.
A boyfriend.
You gotta do what you have to do.
Because you knew.
Me.
Me.
I am my kids, kids, kids, kids, kids, kids, kids, kids, kids, kids, kids, kids.
Crappy mom, mom, mom, mom.
What's wrong?
On the highway.
On the highway.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Isn't that ironic?
Do they know?
Yeah.




Oh, boy, don't even bother to go there.
You know,
Laura Schlesinger specializes in trauma,
and there's no quick fix to this.
Norrell Preff, and before that,
Reverend Alex Thompson,
coming up, radio synesthesia clips.
But now, friends, there's still time to...
Get in the water.
There's still time to get in the water.
Friends, think about it.
This could be your last night on Earth.
Have you called your old ma up and told her you loved her?
Well, if you haven't, too late.
You can't do it from here.
I mean, think about that.
When was the last time you called up your old ma
and told her you loved her?
This could be the last chance.
Think about that.
What if they don't love her, though?
What if they hate their ma
and they call her up and say,
Ma, I love you.
That could send the wrong message.
Well, it works both ways.
This is your last chance to tell her off
and get it off your chest.
Yes, it is.
But then there's also a sort of blessing
in her not knowing.
I mean, let's look at this realistically.
The nice thing about the apocalypse
is that you all go together when you go.
It's not as if just you died
and let your loved ones
to discover your pornography collection
on their own.
No, they all go up
in complete ignorance
of every terrible thing.
And you are buoyed up
by the idea that
you know there is something more.
What's the name of that company
that if you die accidentally
they come in and scrub all the porno off you?
Your computer before your family gets there?
That's Clean Co.
Okay, all right, yeah.
But you know, all they do is record it for themselves.
Good business if you think about it.
You know, really, the only way
to get the child pornography off of your hard drive
is to strap the hard drive
to the exterior of one of the space shuttles
on the heat shielding.
That's how the congressmen
get rid of their child pornography.
Well, they claim they get rid of it.
Actually, they need it for further study.
Did you bring that?
Did you get a DVD of the locker room,
shower room antics here,
as I asked you?
Because we are going to have to sell it.
No, I didn't bring it with me.
I still had it in the locker room.
Well, during the auction
we'll sell it and then they can come by
the subgenius cabin
to get it.
Yeah, it's
really something.
It's really something inept.
Bad camera work.
It's only 53 minutes
and it's got like six chapters.
The worst is you have to listen to them,
to their chatter while they get naked.
They're giggling and tittering
and having a great old time.
Yeah, but they're boring.
Scrubbing the bees and soap
off each other's bare buttocks.
Yeah, well, for all of us,
it could be better
considering the contents.
Friends, you'll be soaping the buttocks
of alien space goddesses
in just a matter of hours.
If buttocks they truly be.
They yours.
I'll be soaping your buttocks.
That's what I'm trying to warn them about.
In fact, that will happen.
The holy injunction,
wash your ass, will be enacted
unto the nth degree
aboard the space saucers.
Because nothing
impure and organic
can be allowed to go.
What is dirt, anyway?
Dirt only is something
which has had some touch of life
in it.
Pure, sterile,
sand and lunar regolith
is not dirty because
there's never been any feces in it
or dead bugs or anything
like that. But
the divine presence of life
is what creates filth.
And on the space
vessels, of course, as we
enter into a new
understanding with the cosmos,
these ludicrous
flesh bags will
probably be discarded. Or at least
made highly more
efficient and tolerable.
It'll be just like getting new shoes.
That's all. It'll be like
a momentary discomfort and then breaking them in.
But yeah, sure.
A new shoe.
They may be tight and cause blisters for the first
few thousand years.
You're talking about your flesh bag.
Your new body.
I'm talking about soul blisters.
You know, we were asking one
X-Day drill,
how are you going to remake your body?
And Rockner, I think, said,
I'm going to just stay the way I am.
Because I've gotten used to it.
Well, you can't, you know,
change perfection.
That's one thing to be said about
change. One does not
need to make these changes, just
for the sake of some sort of busy work.
But, you know,
once you can redesign your body,
why not? It's a gas.
It's a laugh and a half. What do you think
about that old, that thing where the guy said,
if it ain't broke,
break it.
Well, that's like some
remnant of old hippie
philosophy. I remember a similar
mantra about, you know,
if you can't pick it up or eat it,
then shit on it.
No, that was the dog's credo.
If you can't eat it,
fuck it, piss on it.
Well, dogs or humans,
it was a
disappointingly utilitarian philosophy.
Which we hope
to transcend by our efforts.
Because there are other ways.
That it can be
happily used.
Perhaps this is what Rachnar was
indicating in his
rant.
Well, you know, I mean, we have
so many choices.
I mean, look at the way people modify
their bodies now. Think if you had
every possible, I mean,
when your imagination is the only
limitation for it.
Well, I'm afraid we'll see an awful lot of
werewolves and vampires.
Well, that's, of course, what a student.
You know, goth kids that really look a little
extra vampire-ish and tough guys.
Yes, flouncing,
prancing, my little ponies,
unicorns,
flibberty gibbet, big-eyed anime
princesses. I have to put up
with a lot. But as we leave
Earth and its many solacisms
behind, the original meaning
that adhered to these things will become
faint, and we can accept them
just as another god-awful
vision, like all the ones that will
be forced to
confront from nanosecond to nanosecond.
And I don't mind, personally,
if the Trojan horse of evolution
is pleasure.
Bring on the shemale
and something incredibly new
will happen. Many of our predecessors
had to change
and become something different.
Now, actually, the
Church of Bob and the teachings of Bob are not
exactly...
Well, I mean, it is a religion, but it's
more like sci-fi.
You could call it religion-fi.
In fact, if they had a...
If there was a re-fi
section at the bookstore, that's where
our stuff would be in.
Religious fiction, you might say.
I was...
And how is that different from all the rest?
I was, unlike most kids,
I was not raised in a
religious home, and I don't have a bone to pick
with any particular religion. I was raised
on sci-fi,
instead of the Bible. Same difference.
Something like that.
And I... But after...
You know, after a while, I kind of felt like
I was grown out of that, and I read a lot
of comparative religion
when I was younger, and then I got into the paranormal
and really read up a lot
on the paranormal, but eventually
I switched to history
because it was weirder.
If you don't believe me, pick up
a history of Russia, and
it's weirder than the...
the weirdest paranormal crap
I ever read. But now, I'm
kind of back to science fiction again,
like my childhood religion,
and because out of all those forms,
you know, paranormal books,
religious books, and history books,
the sci-fi writers work the hardest
to make their bullshit plausible.
No offense,
but they really try to,
you know, the hard sci-fi books,
the ones with the spaceships on the
covers. There's the other kind
that has dragons on the covers, and
those are probably really good too, but those
aren't the kind that I like.
I do, friends, understand
the pull of the demon
haunted world.
The Church of the Subgenius
is looking for misfits,
disbelievers, or those who will
believe anything. I believe just about
everything at some point or another.
Why do you think I'm working for J.R. Bob
Dobbs?
You know, friends,
you have to believe
that
you can get something for nothing.
That's what Bob's promising, for
$30.
You can get something
for nothing. You have to believe
in that magical thing
because, you know,
even if something for nothing doesn't come
your way, if you had faith
that it would, if you believed
that it would, then even if it didn't, you'll think
it did. So what's the difference?
And that right there is the,
that's the true miracle
of religion. And people,
people say there's no such thing as magic.
You know, and
yet, and yet they still
have faith in such
utter bullshit. To me, that's proof,
proof that miracles still exist.
Some people believe in
magic
and
it works for them. That's the
important thing. It works.
Some people don't believe in magic
and it works even better for them.
Laughter
Laughter
Now, and you might say, oh, well,
you know, he thinks he's real smart.
Well, we did call it Church of the Subgenius,
friends. If you think about it,
almost everybody can qualify.
Every now and then we run into people
who kind of, well,
I'm, I think I'm not exactly
subgenius.
Laughter
Do you qualify?
That was recorded at
Winterstar of 2005.
I've got a,
come up with something new for Starwood,
which is July 19th through the 24th,
also at Brushwood,
but sponsored by Ace
of Cleveland.
What?
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Uh, anyway, friends,
and now back to the, uh, that's the amino
acids in the background. There's no
explaining them. Uh, but, uh, now back
to the, uh, 8X Day
Drill, actually the 10th
Drill, as, uh, Dr. Howell
and Dr. Drummond and I attempt to
kill time until
the world ends
along with time.
So, uh,
um, we, uh,
I don't know when we're gonna do
the auction, but I guess that will close
off these proceedings, and then, uh,
each person must, uh, retire
and consider the, uh,
the last minute preparations
that must be made for the apocalypse.
Some people want to get a good
night's sleep, because it's a long way,
you know? Yeah,
some try the staying up all night
drinking approach, which almost
always results in passing out at
quarter of seven. Or you can
go to X Day and
You might want to work out, you know, go down
to the gym and work out. Some people
feel that the act of
getting up and coming down here
at 7 o'clock is
itself a sign to the excess that we
don't have slack, and that in order to
show that we're worthy of them,
we should stay in bed this time.
But it just seems like a,
it's, that would kind of wreck the tradition.
I mean, uh,
they can get you, even if you're in bed.
You really want to go to Planet X that bad?
Well, yeah, I guess so.
Come, Jones,
coming! You've just got
to get up and out of bed for
some things, like when you're a little shaver.
To get up and go downstairs and watch
cartoons, it's necessary to
leave your bed. As I was,
as I've been telling people,
every X Day, when I get up at 6
30 in the morning,
and have to get my clothes on
so early and go
work down here. It's horrible having to
stumble out of bed and
shave and everything, but...
I think to myself, well, at least as
a sacred scribe of the subgenius church,
I only have to do this once a year
instead of five times a week.
Yes, the pinks have to do it
all their lives.
My own wife,
a princess of an outer space
fleet, has to get up and go
to work every day.
Fair is a river in Africa
or the place where you take
your pig and hope to win a prize.
But justice and karma
are a lie
and God does not
care. And the Tsar is
very far away.
So, it's up to you,
my friends, to build your
own ship. And your own
faith and slack shall draw those
X's. So therefore, if they don't show up tomorrow,
it's your fault, not mine. Don't throw shit
at me. I'm getting tired.
I'm getting tired of that. That's old.
But didn't you practice running this year?
You know, actually, I never make
any plans for 7 a.m.
except to
greet the sex goddesses
in power and glory.
And I have a list in my
head of hurry to
Amsterdam and get the Rijksmuseum
before some fuckhead subgenius
destroys it. Get the Grand Canyon.
Get Monument Valley, some of my
favorite places. The plastic dinosaur.
The warehouse in Las Vegas.
No, that's yours. Yeah, that's what I'm pointing out.
That one is mine. And I don't want anybody
fucking with me. I don't want to show up
at the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam
and find one of you motherfuckers
beaming up all the cool furniture out of there.
You're welcome to it. Because you will
have to back your fucking
saucer cart off of my
green, daddy-o.
The real problem, it could be
that at 7.15
tomorrow, we'll all be at bitter
war with each other using weapons.
That's something that's previously unimaginable.
Yeah, but once we get on the spaceship,
the chair, even the shittiest
kitchen chairs there are
more comfortable than anything that's
ever been imagined on Earth.
That's true, but you might want to preserve
some of your previous identity.
Don't forget your roots
as an ape.
The scene is a
spaceship, Benson.
You are beautiful woman scientist.
Your spaceship is nearing
its destination.
003-200.
When you finish that...
Now,
just let me look.
I hope so.
Me too.
Step out.
What are you doing out there?
Why don't you shut up?
You said, he said.
This can go on forever.
You said, he said.
This can go on forever.
Well, I guess I can if she can.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Oh, some sex
goddesses.
Thanks to
norlpref.com
And then there's the horrible theory
that the subgenie,
that everything went wrong in the original
1998, we're stuck in a loop
where for all eternity
it's 7 o'clock in the morning
and nothing has happened.
Yeah.
Oh, you can say that about me?

Well, I hope you're settled,



I'm from Sakura city.
I squatted ontzite
and my name is


is called
says it's seriously reviewing allegations that State Department spokesman Sean McCormick says
that officials say that rocket-propelled protesters barricaded themselves in the
health care system. Updating figures from Wall Street 10-2-4-12-2-6-8-1. President Bush has
signed legislation that would provide trained counselors to help PR News, Washington.
Now we come to a very important section, one that everyone dreads, sex. Teachers should not
thrust on their students rather than pumping in. However, it is the teacher's duty to enlighten
their students' sexual intercourse. Through training, they will realize they are as simple
as ABC. Yes.
So let's get started.

Let's start with A. A, B, and C. We may not always succeed in screwing the train of
fools. We must always try.
We have to make sure there's some teabagging involved.
Oh, God. I actually...
Who was that mysterious uniballer?
At X Day, why did we end up doing the most low, frat boy-like pranks?
Because we can.
Because we're a little boys club, is what it comes down to.
Exactly.
We have secret passwords.
We have secret...
We have secret handshakes.
You know...
Well, yeah, of course.
I mean, we are just little boys with our little club, is what it comes down to. And, you know,
I feel really sorry for some people who are...
I've...
You know, Reverend Stang, when I...
One of the things I remember hearing before I got involved with the church was, uh,
join this church and you will get laid.
But that's...
Yeah.
That's really misleading.
Well...
Well, that's how they got me, too.
Yeah.
That's really misleading.
People who've not only gotten laid, they've even ended up getting married to some of the
people they got laid by.
But you're certainly not going to pick anyone up at X Day.
No, not...
No, that's not necessarily true.
Jesus and Magdalene met at an X Day.
I met Princess We out there.
Jesus and Magdalene met and fell in love and got married.
Steve Boone and Evie Love met and fell in love at an X Day.
Lilith and Thea.
Yeah.
Let's see.
Who else?
Oh, Eris.
The late Eris Pagana.
And Reverend...
Reverend D.J.
Farrell.
See, that's odd.
Because every time I've been there...
I thought you'd say Bob.
Because of X Day.
See, every time I've been there, which is, you know, four years in a row now, it's been
a huge sausage fest, basically.
I mean, the only women there were there with their boyfriends or husbands.
Yeah, and they're really good looking, aren't they?
Yeah.
Well, some of them.
Well, how about Jackie?
That pretty hot woman, Jackie?
I don't recall.
Actually, Dr. Semester, there were some...
I noticed some...
Some...
A couple of girls there who didn't seem to be attached to anybody that were...
Really?
...about your age.
But I never got a chance to talk to them.
I don't know who they were.
They were probably pagans.
No, no.
They were definitely subgeniuses.
One of them was a soft blonde.
A big blonde.
And the other one was...
Well, next year, why don't you hook us up with them?
A small one that I had no use for.
Give us your women.
But I was...
Not her.
She needs women.
Bring her to me.
Yeah.
Hey, that has worse.
Sometimes...
Sometimes that works.
Yeah.
That's another thing that works.
You walk up to some cute...
Or you meet this nice couple, and you...
Now, this only works if you're older, a little bit older than the boy and girl involved,
or tougher.
And you look at the girl and go,
Oh, my God, you're beautiful.
What are you doing with this guy?
And it's such a...
That's what I was saying to the rabbi.
That's what I was saying to Rabbi Jacqueline.
I'm sorry.
It's such a hot block that it usually causes the...
A young man could be tongue-tied and stunned into inaction.
And the young lady, of course, is just thrilled to be told she's beautiful.
Well, did you see...
Did you see Rabbi Jacqueline Hyde dressed as Marilyn Monroe for the deity ball?
My God, she gave...
You know, she...
She got me all like,
Whoa, I'm jealous of Pristata now.
Geez.
Now, our listening audience does not know this inside gossip that you're referring to.
They understand.
And they're not just the Bob and Connie.
And here is a rare, rare live recording of Bob and Connie.
I've been having a low affair with Jerry Springer.
I've been having a low affair with my dog.
I've been having an affair with a whale.
No problem.
I mean, like, you don't just want to be with someone just because of their penis.
But unfortunately, Bob and Connie weren't there this time.
Nope.
Nope.
They usually aren't.
No, they...
They have better things to do, I guess.
Or that we know of.
Right.
There could always be a Bob in disguise.
There's so much that we don't know.
We all pass out sooner or later out there at X-Day.
Maybe.
What happens then?
Maybe.
If you pass out in the wrong places, you get teabagged.
I've awakened on the other side of the bed than the one I went to sleep on.
You know, it could be that Bob is actually there in all of us.
And that maybe only...
Only the pagans are the ones who can see this with their little magic tricks or whatever.
And that's why they refer to us as the Bobs.
That's right.
Because they look at us and they just see the Dob's head.
Yeah, they don't call us the Bobbies or the Subdimes or anything like that.
They call us the Bobs.
Yeah.
As if they see a bit of Bob in all of us, the boys and the unavailable...
The girls that are unavailable to you.
As if we're avatars of Bob's self.
Yes, perhaps Bob takes over.
Takes over our bodies.
Like it's like a body snatcher kind of thing during the time that we're there.
Now, another reason that there appears to you to be a dearth of new bio young ladies is Dr. Philo Drummond is there.
And he's like a magnet.
You know, he's the overman.
He was trained by Bob.
And even though he's like 75 years old now when dames are around him, they just can't...
He was...
Chasing him out of his trailer.
Wow.
He was chasing him out of his trailer.
Hal's like, get out of here, young ladies.
I need my sleep.
Yeah.
Wow.
It's strange.
Dr. Hal, yeah, the same way.
Dr. Hal.
All right.
Well, at any rate, I'm just pointing out that it shows.
When you're right with Bob, you have a certain manna about you, a certain halo, as it were.
It repels human females, yes, admittedly.
But not...
Mosquitoes and so forth.
Actually, it does repel mosquitoes.
For you.
Sit amongst a swarm of them.
Oh, there's some diet ale down there.
Governor Rocknars arrived with the official drink of X Day.
Labatt's Blue.
The Ale Eight.
Yes, of course.
You see, the reason being...
I'm going to cut with this Labatt's Blue.
This Ale Eight stuff, it seems to be percolating into everything.
It's taste saturating everything here.
It's a little bit of a
Why is that?
It's inferior, because it's for those with compromised systems.
But at any rate, the whole idea here is that the eight is the symbol of infinity, upended, as we intend.
Oh, wait a minute.
Does that mean we're going to have to...
Wait forever for X Day to arrive?
An infinite number of X Days?
86-61 was bad enough, man.
That's worthy of consideration, you know.
We don't just go out there and stand around like cattle.
We're going to have to finesse our transition.
It will take every ounce of intellect, concentration, and physical strength that we possess not to muff X Day.
Well, we already know that Reverend Stang is our own Jane Goodall.
Yeah, that's true.
Did you see...
I saw the scene magazine, or actually the Free Times last week.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
Starwood made the scene.
The Free Times.
It was on the cover.
The Free Times, yeah.
And they were interviewing people that I knew and talking about people.
Actually, I think I might even know the guy who wrote it, but I'm not sure.
I have my suspicions.
He goes to Starwood, or he was there last time.
And he was real impressed with the Starwood Ashes business that Princess Wee sort of inherited from Raphael,
the old man of the...
Mountain.
You know, I think I might have known Raphael, too, actually.
I remember seeing him at the first X Day I went to, and I never saw him in subsequent years.
Oh, he's out there still.
He haunts the woods.
He's the wild man that lives in the woods.
I think he actually initiated me into the cult of the bull.
Oh, really?
Now, Dennis Murphy, of course, is the main cult leader of that.
Uh-huh.
Who is a different grizzled hipster.
See, because I don't know...
He knows Brushwood.
Brushwood and the Starwood scene is just chock full of grizzled hipsters.
Yeah.
I don't know what they do to grizz up like that.
Years and years of practice.
A lot of cigarettes when they're younger, I think, is what does it.
Now, what's it like at Starwood compared to X Day?
It's like way, way larger crowd.
Oh, yeah.
There's over a thousand people there, and it's a completely different thing.
I mean, most of them are a bit more spiritual-minded, seekers, suckers.
They're like nincompoops.
And people who know how to party like you would not believe.
It's like an East Coast burning.
It's about half of them are the kind who hate the Church of the Subgenius
because we grossly mock their most sacred...
Well, we laugh in the face of ecstatic happiness,
which they think should be taken very seriously.
I think that defeats the whole purpose of it.
The other half of Starwood, however, are the ones who like having subgenius there
because...
We kick off the, shall we say, fundamentalist pagans.
Yeah, the fundies.
The neo-pagans and half-pagans and nagaps and all the different strange variations.
I don't know.
It's a great place for weirdos.
Yeah.
Cleveland is a reason why I live in Texas.
Okay, now comb your hair.
Okay.
Let's go ahead and take a look.
Look at white men.
Paid for by Cleveland.
Anyway, Starwood is a good place to meet creatures...
I bet.
...of the opposite or otherwise desired sex, although...
I hate to say this on the air, but, you know,
by all accounts that I've heard, pagan chicks are easy.
Well, Dr. LeGume said if you can't get laid at Starwood, you can't get laid.
Dr. LeGume says a lot, Rottenar.
Like any sexist.
...subgenius preacher or old-timer.
They say a lot.
But Starwood is another place that has been a mating ground for...
Usually, it's subgenius guys and pagan girls,
but I've known it to happen the other way around,
where subgenius gals met some pagan fella.
Now, the hardcore witchy types, they probably don't use latex condoms.
They probably insist on, like, the sheep intestine kind, don't they?
You know...
Oh, actually, that's...
I think most of them, it's just lip service, you know?
Uh-huh. Yeah.
That's what I figured, too.
I went through a pagan phase myself when I was 15,
and, um...
I don't know, you know, I can't help but look at all the pagans I meet today
as, like, an overgrown version of what I was at 15.
You know?
Well, you know, but, um...
But you gotta credit them for wanting to believe in forces
that they believe control the universe.
No, I really can't give...
I can't give anybody credit for a desire to believe in stuff
that, you know, that they have no evidence of, you know?
Well, the thing I've learned about pagans is that there's no such thing as a pagan.
Well, all...
Because they're all different.
They're all pagans.
They're all pagans.
Christians are pagans, too.
They haven't...
They have...
There's no single belief system.
There's a zillion little clusters.
Oh, yes.
They all have different gods and...
It's probably best that it...
Different fairies.
...that it stay that way.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.









The age came and look at it.
I mean, God, give me a break.
Ugh.
Now, that's a place that would be a great setting for a novel.
What?
Starwood?
Starwood.
I'm getting ideas for books to write now, like ridiculous things happening.
There you go.
That's a great idea.
I can think of ridiculous pagan drama or something.
Yeah, yeah.
Beat them.
Well, you know, there's...
There'll probably be a Tom Clancy novel that takes place at Burning Man,
and you can cash in on that.
First, I want to let you know that portions of the following...
...broadcast may be found objectionable by some members of the listening audience.
Therefore, WCSB advises listener discretion.
And the views and opinions expressed on this program are not necessarily those of WCSB
or Cleveland State University or anybody, for that matter.
We're just kind of talking nonsense here.
So, don't believe us.
Do not believe a word we say.
We just have to say that.
You know, the people who really get it will still get it.
Got it?
Well, get this.
You're listening to The Hour of Slack.
Number 1003.
But that clip was from Radio Synesthesia on WCSB.org
on Sunday nights at 10 after The Hour of Slack in Cleveland.
Yes, Cleveland.
Dallas be damned.
Fort Worth is okay.
Friends, that's Post Office Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
I'm Reverend Ivan Stang, and get this.
Subgenius.com.
Last year, every man, woman, and child recently wrote,
Dear Cleveland, week moving to Iowa, if you succeed.
I agree with thousands of Iowans who are too high.
To see the light of day, you must eliminate obnoxious Cleveland.
It's a wonder anyone stays there at all.
Paid for by Cleveland.
But, friends, even if they did come,
even if the aliens that Bob predicted would come in 1998,
which obviously hasn't arrived in our true calendar yet,
even if the aliens came and wiped out,
or if the humans screwed up so bad
that we or somebody wiped out all life on the surface of the planet Earth,
there's still these critters called heat vent worms.
And, friends, this is the kind of thing that gives me hope.
Others, you may look into a crystal ball and get hope,
or go and meditate and talk to God and get hope.
I get hope from reading about the heat vent worms.
These creatures are so different from the rest of us,
they're not even really oxygen-based, or they're carbon-based,
but that's about as much as they have in common with us.
They live in the deepest parts of the ocean
where these volcanic vents have been giving off heat and crud
and poisonous gases for an eternity.
And they've evolved to live off of poisonous gases,
no oxygen at all.
They wouldn't do well anywhere else except around a heat vent.
But the important thing is,
even if the rest of the planet is totally destroyed,
Bob will still have customers down at the bottom of the ocean,
and evolution will bring those bastards up.
It will happen.
If everybody, if all our great, wonderful consciousness
was wiped out,
and even the great apes and even the monkeys
and even the plankton in the sea were wiped out,
those damn heat vent worms, give them mad,
might take a while, might take a whole billion years
to drive mutated ones out onto the land or something,
but there is progress.
If I can get along with my dad as well as I do these days,
friends, there's hope.
There's progress.
All right, I think we're ready.
Okay.
We're ready.
And Bob's here.
Fuck them good.
Their pink bright butts will soon be hurting.
We lived a life that's full.
We didn't go the pink boy job way,
but more, much more than this.
We did it Bob's way.
Regrets.
We had a few.
But then again,
too few to mention.
We'll cleave their world in two.
Then blast off to the X dimension.
Bob's pipe is stiff and hard.
And it will smite them here on X day.
Okay.
We'll see you next time.



I'll pulverize their little world.
And do it Bob's way.
There were times
you often knew
pink boys beat us black and blue.
But through it all,
we didn't stop.
We took the pills,
and smoked the froth.
We faced the con and we moved on.
And it bobbed away.
Oh sure, at times we cry.
But they'll be the ones we'll be abusing.
Until the last pink boy has died.
I'm sure we'll find it fucking amusing.
To think we'll do all that.
From Bangor, Maine down to Zimbabwe.
Oh no, oh no not us.
We'll do it Bob's way.
For what is a sub?
What has he got?
If not some slack.
Then he has to go.

He has not.
To say the things he truly feels.
And not the words of those who kneel.
The record shows we dealt the blows.
And did it Bob's way.
Thanks brothers and sisters for coming to the end of the world.
We are.
Oh chum.
Hoo!
Phineas Narco.
From NationalCynical.com.
That's where you can get more of that.
NationalCynical.com.
But now, from Le Mure, a public service denouncement.
No wonder you need personal challenge?
Try the joint training team.
You'll receive one new joint.
in Canada. For more information call 1-333 or join in the long run.
And then there's the horrible theory that the subgenie and everything went wrong in the original
1998 were stuck in a loop where for all eternity it's seven o'clock in the morning and nothing has
happened forever and ever and ever.
