Hello, I'm scared. Let's see a new echo.
Good evening and welcome to the subgenius radio hour of slime.
And today please let us know if you get on the stream that leads to an numeric grade

We hope this video was exciting to you all and oh and send you all the best compliments
throughout the day until then above all, here's beöß...
BOB!
vibration
Hello.
Hello.

So, Dr. Lazarus takes you through Relaxation Exercises 2.
The material may not be reproduced.
Relaxation 2.
Should you have comments, criticisms, or suggestions regarding the cassette book program,
please forward them directly to
the technical staff,
Division for the Blind and Physically Handicapped,
Library of Congress,
Washington, D.C.,
205-422.
Over 21 years, Mr. Lazarus...
This concludes the instructions.
Because people like you are helping us stay on the radio.
You can't buy a miracle,
but you can certainly stand behind a miracle ministry.
Like a bunch of...
...on the radio right now.
Right.
Okay, you got them there?
You can probably feel something of a vibration moving through that radio
from perhaps over the airwaves,
from us and the spirit of...
I did it.
...the radio's turned off.
Pardon me?
Our radio's turned off.
That's okay. It'll still work.
Well, after...
Stick your finger in the light plug.
After the phone call is through,
go ahead and do as they said.
And if you want to get the vibrations good,
turn the volume all the way up.
Right.
Isn't that right?
And you should be standing on one leg when you do that.
And then what?
Unbutton the middle button of your shirt
and send us a dollar.
Put your hand up.
Put your hand up.
I know.
Uh, really now,
are you guys in this cult business just for the bucks,
or do you...
And I wouldn't infer that our secondary state is Antichrist,
but I'm telling you that preparations are being made
and that the very door of the day of the wrath of God is at hand
and that if you plan to get saved,
you had better do it.
Now, there will be a day not in the too far distant future
in which Antichrist will be revealed
and the mark of the beast will be introduced
and people will have a number in their hands and in their foreheads.
So our demand for energy will be met from our own production
and our own conservation.
But there's the fact that the earth,
the clarions,
and some of the other people that you've named
are actually being controlled by aliens from outer space.
By UFOs.
Come on.

This is really...
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.

Come on.

Come on.
Come on.


Come on.
Hmm.
Also in your literature,
I noticed connections with aliens
and the God of Wrath who visits us every once in a while
and talks to, we've got to drop this name in here,
Bob Dobbs, the High Muckety Muck.
Well, the main thing we'd have to say about,
that Bob would want us to say about aliens
is,
number one, don't trust them.
Number two, if you've been contacted by aliens,
come to us and we will sort the thing out.
We'll let you know whether the ones that are talking to you
are telling the truth
or whether they're just pulling the wool over your eyes.
The aliens are not benevolent then.
Chances are they're...
There's some that are friendly.
Yeah, chances are they want to cook you.
Cook you.
That's right.
That's interesting.
There was a group did a song on that, you know.
The Stranglers, in fact.
Oh, that's one of those rock and roll...

The rock and roll groups, right?
Dr. Drummond?
Tools of the Conspiracy.
Yeah.
The rock groups are Tools of the Conspiracy.
Most of them.
Yeah.
Right.
We found a few that aren't.
The Stranglers aren't.
Actually, the Stranglers aren't.
One of the Stranglers is a practicing subgenius.
A couple of Doctors for Bob is one
and The Abominations was another we've heard of.
Okay.
We're not here to destroy
We are here to admire
We are waiting for the UFO
Waiting for the UFO
Waiting for the UFO
If you have your Bibles with me, look at verse 6.
And hath made us kings and priests unto God his Father.
To him be glory and dominion forever and ever.
Behold, he cometh with clouds and every eye shall see him.
A space vessel, identity unknown.
I could show you a flying saucer and you'd swear it was something that I got from Eric.
Sure.
You'd show me a real flying saucer?
And you'd say I got it from Eric.
I'd give you a thousand dollars to your religion if you can produce one flying saucer.
At least, Joe, that is my opinion of what I think you would think.
And I've seen a lot of saucer people.
But I can't talk about it, you know, because back in the zoo.
So we just gotta wait, you know, until 1985 and then, oh yeah, freeze those cats in the sink.
The crew of the UFO is an especially designed robot human.
It was built in...
And fire.
Disintegrated, Captain.
Oh, fuck.
Not too much.
And here come the strangers.
This is the most weirdest thing.
It has bugged me.
This has been 20 or 25 years ago.
Okay, tell us about it.
Yeah, it's fascinated me.
It has absolutely not bugged me.
I always believe in UFOs.
I believe in reincarnation.
I know reincarnation is right.
Right.
And I was standing there waiting on the bus.
And here comes a guy.
And he didn't even have a new car or anything.
I heard...
I had been reading about the UFOs.
And they said, well, okay, there's people out of space that's actually living here with us.
Some of them even married those people.
You know all that junk, you know?
I don't say it's junk.
I just say that's the way they're told.
Right.
All right.
And here comes a guy.
Come along there.
And I'm waiting on the bus.
And he picked me up.
And he was...
A blonde-haired guy.
Light complexion, kind of like I am.
But he had the bluest eyes.
And he was so nice.
He never said anything other than he was a very...
Just a wonderful person, you know, you'd like to ride downtown with, you know?
Mm-hmm.
And...
But he fascinated me.
I have never got him out of my mind.
He had eyes.
He looked absolutely to me.
And I got eyes like I can look to people myself.
But boy, he had me beat.
Yeah.
He took me downtown.
He didn't ask me no questions.
He didn't tell me anything.
But he...
I'll tell you, I never saw a human being like this man.
And I'll tell you, I don't turn on the men.
I turn on the women.
Well, another hot day.
The sixth...
And completely ignore old line one.
You're on the air.
Go ahead.
Make a little noise.
Pardon?
Yeah.
Let me talk to that subgenius.
I am worried to death.
Okay.
They're here.
Let me talk to him.
Maybe they can put you at ease.
Okay.

Did you call in last time?
Huh?
I'm not sure.


Did you call in last time we were on?
Didn't.
But listen, I'll tell you what.
Anyway, it was still a little bit dusk when he talked about it.
He said this is up in the east and I've got some super vision.
Anyway, I walked out of the door and looked up in the east and saw this bright star.
He didn't know what...
Or Snow didn't know whether it was a star or a planet or whether it was a...


Whether it was a balloon or what it was.
And I walked out there in the backyard in my pajamas.
I looked at this thing and I saw some people coming out of that damn thing.
Boy.
Pardon me.
You saw this thing.
Was it close by?
No.
It was way out there in the east in the sky.
Well, you could see people in it?
Yeah.
He said he had super vision.
People came out of that thing.
Okay.
Now we have someone, an eyewitness here.
Let's take advantage of it.
Would you explain what they looked like and...
I couldn't.
It was too far out and I couldn't see what they looked like or anything.
But it was a weird thing and it scared me and I've come back in the house and locked
the door.
Holy cats.
What a weird looking thing.
We finally got one.
We found a flying saucer.
Can you tell us what...
There was a half a dozen people come out of that thing and they're just kind of scattered.
Yeah.
Did they land on the ground?
No, I didn't see them land.
Do you have a feeling that they're still amongst us?
They're among us.
Yeah, I've ridden in them but I've never seen one.
They are among us and it's got me worried and I thought maybe you'd know something about
it.
Well, maybe one of our listeners will.
Will you give us a date and an approximate time that that occurred?
That was two days ago.
Two days ago.
Did they have blonde hair and blue eyes?
I couldn't tell.
I couldn't tell for sure.
I wish we'd seen that.
We are not alone.
Yeah.
It's them or us.
Okay, thank you.
Or to put it that way, we're not alone.






I don't think it's in space dialect.
We are not alone.
Yeah, there...
That sounds like...
That sounds like...
Well, what I hear them say.
Yeah.
It's frightening, isn't it?
It sure is.
Okay.
Well, stay inside the rest of the night.
We'll talk to you later.
Okay.
Good night.
...gathering project of the aliens of the UFO.
Oh, Bob, today.
The aliens of the UFO are energy manipulators.
I thought, you know, there is a lot of talk about flying saucers and the whole thing







I want you to meet a man this evening that's actually seen some 300 flying saucers.
And your name, sir?
My name's Elwood P. Suggins.
On the club, Mike B.
On the field.
Man cannot participate in long space expeditions.
NASA has scientifically verified and kept very quiet
the fact that the unstoppable cosmic rays to which every astronaut has been exposed
destroys brain cells at the rate of 1% every four months.
Since the neurons of the adult human brain do not reproduce,
a space expedition represents irreparable brain damage.
I've ridden one, but I've never seen one.
By remote control, or how did they get a hold of you?
Well, actually, it was one of what's known as the close encounter
of the human brain.
It was the third time.
I was driving in my car late at night, one night, out in the country road,
just like you've heard in all the UFO stories.
And the beam came down from the sky, stopped my car, took control of me.
And the next thing I knew, I had powers and abilities far beyond those of...
The knowledge must have come from outer space.
I didn't know I was going to die.
I knew I was going to die.
I knew I was going to die.
Ah, yes.
This is one of four hours of slack that'll culminate in...
Number 901.
or 902, I don't know what, all about our friends from out of space and X-Day. I have to do all of
these shows at once, fast, and so they might all start out the exact same way, because they're all
composed of the same four basic parts, each of which, of course, has its own 500 insane, totally
new parts. The first of these would be the ancient, and I mean truly ancient, subgenius media barrage
tape number two about UFOs and Bob, which was assembled in 1981 by the very earliest, most
primitive subgenius doctors working under even more primitive conditions under Bob. You'll hear,
or possibly have heard, the infant phylo drummer.
The baby puzzling evidence. Little glass madness. The teeny tiny versions of old, long gone dead
subgeniuses, such as David Boone and Dr. X. May they rest in peace. And even, you will hear,
the teeny tiny baby Reverend Stang, yours truly. Now, the second part of all of these shows will
come from Reverend Susie the Floozy's barrage edits about X-Day, when the aliens will come,
from her show, Bob's Slack Time Funhouse, on WREK in Atlanta. Oh, yes. Nobody can cut and sling like Susie.
And we'll also be hearing live recordings from the most recent actual subgenius worship event,
X-Day. 6X-Day this time. Last July's yearly,
and the last one, the last one, the last one, the last one, the last one. And, of course,
number four, we'll hear the usual hour of slack bits from ESO Radio on WCSB Cleveland,
with Chad Smith and Lonesome Cowboy David, plus the unusual collages of Fernand and Andy Lee Murr.
Oh, yes, and number five, the music of So-So Dada, heard here in the background with his X-Day 6
noise opera, as heard.
Like so much of this on alt.binary slack that placed on the internet.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Watch the heavenlies. It's your spaceship out of control. Does that sound fearful, my friend?
What'd you say, Jesus? A final great space event as Christ returned to the earth.
This is just another one of those kooky concepts that people get and try to
pass it off for gospel truth. You continue to believe in the rapture and look for Jesus Christ,
because he's coming very soon. Let's get into our study of God's word today.
You ain't gonna let that go to waste of you, Lord. That would be a pit and a shame.
That's a good, eh? Maybe I ought to put someone down there to enjoy it.
Gabriel, I'm going down there. Yes, Lord. I want you to be my working boss here while I'm gone.
Yes, Lord. Keep everything neat and tidy.
Yes, Lord.
Yes, Lord. You know that spade that fell a little while ago? Tender that, too.
Yes, Lord. I guess that's about all.
He's coming as King of Kings and Lord of Lords, so you can just relax today that regardless of
what the news media around the world says, we know who's in charge, and praise God,
we know exactly how everything is going to come out.
In revelation, likewise manner. Well, listen.
I'm gonna crack that wing. I'm gonna get back. And I seen one of them flying right by,
over my car, and they stopped my car, and they took me in, and they said,
Jimmy, Jimmy, we're real. We're here. We're here to help you. You understand?
We're here to help you and your mother and all those dear to you, and your friends, and Brother Roloff,
and we're gonna stop the evil that's going on in the world.
We're gonna come down and we're gonna help those evil people find themselves.
So you're gonna help us, Jimmy. You're gonna help us.
You're gonna tell us which ones are the evil people that we need to correct.
Now, you're gonna help us, Jimmy, okay?
And then they got back in their spaceship and they flew off, and I just found myself in my car again,
and I drove on down to that 7-Eleven, and my father, of course, he's dead, but they're keeping the water on him.
He's okay. They're keeping him cool. People say I'm crazy. I don't mind black people and colored people, but you know...
I talked to a fella not long ago, and you know what he told me? It's a sad thing.
He told me, he said, I see little men, and he held his fingers like this.
It's illusions. He said, I see little men.
About three inches high.
He said, I'm over in Spain or somewhere like that. He said, I even go over into a place like that.
And he said, I see these little objects and these little men and all these little things.
And if your heart doesn't go out for something like that, I want you to know my heart goes out to people like that.
And I want you to know something else. Those people are actually, you know what they're doing?
Those people are really reaching out, trying to find something.
And if they can just realize that Jesus has the answer, that Christ has everything they need,
that they're looking for, and Christ can let them get on high,
and lift them up and put them on the highway, and give them joy and speak love, give them peace in their life,
you'll not want any more dope, you'll not want any more alcohol, you'll not want any more...
No, don't let me take those pills, no!
I don't want to take those pills from outer space, no!
I don't want to take them pills. No, no, no!
Have another one. Have another one. Have three more.
That was fine.
Hey, I feel, I feel, I feel great!
Hey! Hey, where's Bob? I want to go see Bob now!
I'm going to talk to Bob! Hey, Bob! Hey, what's up, Bob? Hey, it's a video! I want to see Bob!
And I need to talk directly to you, Bob.
And I don't write real, real so good, real good work.
It's...
But...
At least I can, uh...
Uh...
I...
Talk, talk, talk, Bob.
So...
Please, uh...
Um...
Send maybe some more...
Uh...
Those, you know, uh...
Those pills...
Bob, uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Those beeps that you hear, friends, uh...
Those beeps are...
Are special codes.
You slow this tape down to one...
One...
One one-hundredths of...
Of the normal speed.
Whatever your speed is, and...
And you'll hear the...
The secret messages and those little beeps that cover up what the conspiracy must never know.
And neither should you, because you'll be better off and closer to Bob when you don't know who Bob's friends really may be when they show up at your door.
Bab, bab...
Huh...?
You didn't hear me?
Not this time.
What do you mean?
часов
Soon just going to be here in the early hours with two fr一點 free

In just a go!
Scaredy cats!
I couldn't understand it.
A thing they said it was a crazy beat.
It just stopped me dead rock.
Listen to me.
We've got the Warren people.
There's aluminum things out there.
We see.
Damn it.
Oh, Virgil.
No.
We don't have time for sex hurt.
We've got to call the army, the navy, the air force.
We see.
Virgil.
Virgil.
Friends, remember the old days.
Well, that's where all of that came from.
The old, old, the day.
The actual day that they talk about.
The day.
The day before the computers.
Before the digital mixing.
The day of the cassette deck and the reel-to-reel splicing tape.
The days of media barrage number two about UFOs from the year of our ord, 19th and 81.
Welcome, futurists, cyberphiles, and the rest of you dateless wonders.
And now to push this convention into hyperspace, the man who put the star in Star Wars, a real bird in the Darth Vader's saddle.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
You still got it, Bob.
Hello and welcome.
Our topic today is UFOs.
Of course, that's just the start.
Throughout recorded history, human society has been haunted by reports of unidentified...
flying objects in our skies, many of which have defied all attempts at scientific explanation or understanding.
What are these phenomenon and how can they be explained?
With me today is Terence McKenna, a philosopher and thinker of note in the area of altered states of consciousness and alternative realities.
Yes, well, the ordinary approach to the UFOs has been to view them as visitors or intruders from a nearby star system that have come in the form of...



metal ships for reasons of trade or scientific investigation or military conquest or missionary activities.
Let me tell you, you're not the missionary type. You never last.
And incidentally, you want to do mankind a real service? Tell funnier jokes.
And therefore, it is threatening.
This is one of the reasons that I think it relates to the psychedelic experience.
Because the psychedelic experience is like a UFO in the air.


It's like a man encounter on demand.
Whoa, another acid flashback.
Whoa, another acid flashback.
Whoa, another acid flashback.
Half your yellow will lift you into orbit.
Real rocket man.
I'll take two.
That would probably kill a horse.
I said I'll take two.
Whatever.
They decide to have this curious, symmetry-breaking kind of experience.
What I have tried to say to the UFO community is...
I don't want my mom to die.
Hey, mister, do you need some help?
Let him go, Ralph. He knows what he's doing.
We will not really have a deep understanding of what the contact experience is until we include data from the psychedelic experience as a legitimate...
We will not really have a deep understanding of what the contact experience is until we include data from the psychedelic experience as a legitimate...
Yeah, that to be included when looking at the problem.
The UFO phenomenon is a modern manifestation of pixies, elves, fairies, sprites, demons, whatever you wish to call them.
Angels.
Angels.
Angels.
Angel Baby
My Angel Baby
He tasks like hell
Being with you dear I would never stay away without you near
Because I love you, I love you, I do
Angel baby, my angel baby
Baby, I love you, I love you
No one would love you like I do
Angel baby, my angel baby
Angel baby, my angel baby
Angel baby, my angel baby
Angel baby, my angel baby
Angel baby, I love you so
Angel baby, my angel baby
either like invasions from another world or virtual impossibilities.
I think that the flying saucer is knocking on our door
to remind us of the depths and strangeness on this planet.
Who would have the best place?
I don't see it.
Yes? Who is it?
What happens is going to happen to you and all of you.
And it's going to be worse.
A lot worse.
Oh, honey, don't be so naive. That's how the world works.
But wouldn't there be a natural stage in the evolution of a society
where it enters into a kind of interplanetary discourse?
Yeah, right.
Take this kind of data and deal with it the same way we might deal with our lunch or our toothpaste.
And not think of it as being...
Some terrible possibility of an invasion of the lizard people from outer space.
One possible view of the flying saucer is
that it is a kind of projection from the consciousness of the planet.
That it is dire.
That it is, in fact, a kind of alchemical object
haunting human historical time
with a symbol of totality.
The kind of totality that our religions and our mystical yearnings
are so...
So at pains to concretize for us.
What?
This was Jung's view.
How?
The Swiss psychologist Carl Jung,
who in 1953 wrote a book called
Flying Saucers, a modern myth of things seen in the sky.
So in the fall of 53,
for three or four months altogether,
I drove all around the country
interviewing people who had been mentioned in the early flying saucer books.
I'm getting this book on UFOs.
Did you know they're real?
But there's a huge comic conspiracy to cover it up.
Oh, that's just a paranoid fantasy.
So naive.
Who's naive?
I didn't say anything.
In the fall of 1953,
which was the time that I got into the UFO field.
So he got into it a year or so before I did.
How?
Carl Jung saw in their circular form,
in their scintillating, shining, alchemical, brilliant,
a symbol of human wholeness,
to interpret them psychologically,
to interpret them as one would interpret a dream.
I hope that if you all haven't seen a flying saucer,
that eventually you will see one.
If you haven't seen one,
my advice would be not to look for them in outer space
or even in another dimension.
If you look deep inside yourself,
there you will see them.
In a way, this kind of explanation is very satisfying.
However, it is not satisfying to the person
who has immediately undergone a very strange experience.
Unless such a person were told
there are great messages of hope for the planet.
On some occasions, the messages are received by shortwave.
On other times, by means of modulated light beam reception equipment.
On a few occasions, they've even come by long-distance telephone.
Do you have all of that equipment in your home?
Yes, sir, we do.
Well, could we listen to this particular tape?
You certainly may.
Fine, let's listen.
Greetings in the light of our radiant one.
I am T'Vala.
My purpose in speaking with you, my brothers and sisters,
is in reference to what is termed your world situation.
As all of you know, your planet at this time
is experiencing a period of great unrest.
For instance, imagine, for example, that you are in a world of chaos.

Just as a possibility that some naïve, well-meaning alien should come down
and try to address a joint session of commerce.
Who's naïve?
I didn't say anything!
Well, what good would it do?
So naïve.
There would be sensation on all of the tabloids and newspapers for a few weeks
and hand you back the Monday night football.
And so, what good would additional information or inspiration be that came from outside?
Let's assume then, for the moment that we are being visited by these aliens,
as I presume you assume.
That's right.
What's the need for them?
Why are they there?






Why are they bothering with us?
Well, it's a very interesting planet at this particular time in its history.
I mean, maybe there's only once every 500 million years that a particular planet goes
through this phase of civilization.
Last time this happened was several million years ago.
It's happening again.
They all gather around.
I mean, like a volcano ready to go off.
There's a volcano waiting to erupt into the Pacific ground.
That's really hot, isn't it?
Yeah.
It looks like we're watching fireworks, doesn't it?
But we're not.
We're just watching it.






That's what's coming out of the center of the Earth.
Wow.
Here are all the dogs.
There are no dogs.
There's nothing living on Earth.
Not even dinosaurs and three-starred monsters.
Nothing.
There's nothing but land and volcanoes and the molten lava coming out and shooting up
at 2,300 degrees.
Burn it!
Send it to Hell!
We left the Earth, and we could see the earth.

I could see a hurricane down in the Gulf area from the craft.
I took photos, but none of that.
I took photos of the Earth, leaving the Earth.
I took photos of approaching the moon.
This is in 1956.
Can you imagine how I felt?
This is before any of the astronauts went anywhere to speak of anything.
I think the Russians got the other side of the moon photographed, and incidentally,
the slides that I have, the overlays, fit right on top of that long before we ever got
there, which in itself is evidence that the moon is not the only thing that's in the







picture.
I don't know if I'd be able to see the moon, but I'm not trying to prove that I've been
to the moon.
I don't care too much about that.
Beautiful, isn't it?
Where are we then?
Well, this is technically what we call deep space.
Well, it's technically what I'd call sodal.
Oh, look, come on.
Cheer up, everyone.
We are 15 million light years from the nearest space route.
There is no intelligent life around here anywhere.
How these aliens did this, I don't know.
But I would like to know what they did.

















The moon was in their control.
And they helped me do all this.
We took a picture of approaching the moon.
We landed on the intersection where it was dark and light sort of area.
And we did see things that they claim are not there now.
So I can't prove anything.
35 years ago, we thought the whole space story was going to be imminent.
It was going to be really quick.
Everyone is going to accept the idea that there are higher civilizations, that we're
We're going to learn from them.
We're going to interact with them.
No way.
How can they deal with us?
Who can they deal with on this planet?
The UN?
We're just beginning to cooperate at the UN level.
We haven't even begun to communicate with one another and to be civilized.
That's true.
It's very, very barbaric, and it's frightening.
We've been listening to some amazing cut-ups by the beautiful and talented reverend Susie the Flusie of Bob's Slacktime Funhouse in beautiful WREK Atlanta.
Actually, that material is taken from her show number 477.
Can you believe that?
About the coming X.
Dang.
This music in the background, by the way, is by Soso Dada.
Soso Dada.
Yes, 6X Day.
Actually, it began on a Thursday before July 5th with an invocation or sort of an introduction to the whole thing by me.
But I've done so many of these things that for me it's all really hard to get excited about, if you don't mind my saying so.
However, luckily for us, there are always the young doctors.
The ones that are the most precise people.
who come along and still are young and stupid and naive enough to have the fire in their blood,
the fire in their brains, the fire of Bob, and the soothing warmth and ointment of Connie in their
loins. And one such new youth young preacher would be, of course, needless to say, the young,
indeed very young, Reverend Alex. Heard here in the true opening ceremonies of X Day 6. Thank y'all.
Stang is a harsh old man who should have died years ago.
I love him.
But we can say that.
When the con has us. When the con has us in our grips. We can't say that here, because here we like to come and finally break out of our shells.
We like to come here and finally experience some of the last vestiges of slack on this planet.
That are here at Brushwood, at this folklore center in upstate New York. That's why we come here.
But you can't experience the conspiracy. Yeah, we came to get, we came to get stoned.
No, we can come here and experience that.
But the thing is, the only thing that keeps us strong against the conspiracy, if we're not fucking Bobby's who give it up as soon as we leave this camp.
If we're true subgeniuses, if we're real actual subgeniuses, we acknowledge the fact of our difference from the normals.
We realize our true diversity and our true yeti heritage.
We understand that labels like this are just a fake.


Like man and woman.
And labels like black and white are not applicable.
We acknowledge this because we're subgeniuses.
Because we know what diversity really is.
Because we're the last, we're the last form, the last concept, the last idea of diversity.
And we're almost becoming an apocryphal concept.
We're almost becoming an outward concept.

We're an outdated, outmoded, old fashioned idea.
Because no one can afford an entire world of six billion, hell even six million individualists.
They just can't handle the slack.
That's the bottom line.
They can't handle it because their minds are too simple.
They can't afford it.
They have too much to lose.
That's what it is.
Amen.
But the only thing that we can go out here and we, and I admit I get a delight and I
get a joy like I'm sure Stan gets when he sees, adopts it on a t-shirt or some random
passerby or on the back of a car in the form of a bumper sticker.
And obviously that's all well and good.
But there are subgeniuses out there who do not know Bob.
Subgenius isn't just Bob.
Subgenius isn't just an icon or a slogan like slack or the conspiracy.
Subgenius is, well it's probably indescribable but we all know it is.
It's a reality.
That's thirty dollars.
Yes it's thirty fucking dollars.
And it's real.
That's my black ass.
Beyond all the slogans, beyond all the catchphrases that we all love because they're so true.
Beyond the divine excuses and rules and dictates and mandates and woman dates.
Is the fact that we, the subgenius, have made it our sworn goal not to follow, not to fit in to any type of cliche or stereotype.
Including the cliche and stereotype of not wanting to fit into cliches and stereotypes but doing them less.
Because you grow your hair out or you cut your hair.
We don't fit into the conspiracy.
Or you cut yourself.
We don't fit into the conspiracy stereotypes.
We don't grow our hair out just to be weird radical hippies.
We don't shave our hair just to be fat radical dyke chicks.
We live our subgenius reality.
We, as you said, it is a reality.
We live it and acknowledge it every day.
We can't do anything besides that.
We're trapped.
We have no other choice than to be subgeniuses.
Even if we didn't want to, we would.
It's just who we are.
We're all different from each other.
Because we don't fit the stereotypes.
We don't fit the cliches.
And to quote the fantastic bad film we saw last night, For Your Height Only,
We make a monkey out of the forces of evil.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
We make them laugh.
We larf at the conspiracy.
We say,
Oh, look at those pink boys.
Look at that pink boy over there with the shirt that says,
You laugh because I'm weird.
I laugh because you're all the same.
Oh, if that pink boy only knew.
We don't have to wear the t-shirt.
We can.
And the t-shirt suddenly becomes a sacred object when it touches the flesh.
It doesn't become just an artifact of the pink boy's control of mediocrity and culture.
It becomes a sacred object, obviously.
Like anything else.
Like music.
Like bad TV shows.
They become sacred when subgeniuses are there.
And subgeniuses watch them.
And enjoy them.
Because they realize what they're for.
We acknowledge the fact that pinks may never understand the church in the subgenius.
But we do.
We revel in that fact.
We revel in the joy that we get from the slack of, well, just about any fucking thing that gives us slack.
And that is the only defense we have.
Now, a while ago,
the Lord God, Jehovah One, Wotan 16, Yahweh 23, sent me a defined divine prophecy.
He said unto me,
Bob will die if the exes do not arrive this year.
Now, some of you may say, well, Bob dies early.
Bob's already dead.
Bob dies early.
Well, actually, the truth is a little bit different.
Stane won't acknowledge it.
And the other filings certainly won't acknowledge it.
Wait, this is the time when Bob is really supposed to die.
Well, yeah.
I would say so.
Because Bob's been wily enough to escape conspiracy.
I mean, Bob has been wily enough to infiltrate the conspiracy and escape the mortal death that's come to him each year past.
I mean, in 1998, there was the bit about, oh, well, he was 86, 61.
And Bob showed up in 1999.
And all the exes should have just took off.
Without a goddamn single fucking one of us aboard except for the truce of geniuses.
Now, I, this would be enough.
We would be, it would be well enough for us to live out our little church fantasy camp until the end of the earth through nuclear holocaust or environmental devastation or eternal perma war.
We could live or monkeypox or SARS or infant diarrhea, which could be cured with pennies worth of sugar.
We could drink sugar and water every day.
That kills 30,000 people.
We could eat disease.
Captain Tramps.
We could have our little church fun until the world ends.
And that's good enough for me, man.
Believe me.
I could put up with that.
But I don't believe that would be the case.
At least not for Bob.
Because if the exes do not arrive this year, well, I mean, let me rephrase.
If the exes do not take us up to planet X this year, then Bob will die.
Bob has not arrived.
Bob died in the past.
But Bob will die this year.
Simple enough.
That was the prophecy the Lord God gave you.
Now, we know something big will happen.
Maybe the exes taking us up.
Maybe Bob's death.
We know something big will happen.
And that's what we can look forward to, basically.
While we slack off.
While we frock off.
While we laugh hysterically in this glorious folklore center in upstate New York.
We can know that.
But if we go back to our conspiracy theories.
Our conspiracy homes.
And our conspiracy countries.
And our little townships and hamlets and counties.
We have to carry within us, regardless of whether we want to or not, the fact of who
we are.
The fact of our subgenius heritage.
Maybe the fact that we exist is the fact that we should express ourselves to other people
and fuck them over as hard as they fucked us back.
Well, that's what happened.
And that produced a conspiracy.
It hurts.
It'll hurt.
For the next two years, and possibly even more, I'm going to be seeing a lot of more
jocks take a lot more attractive young girls and warp minds with a lot of lesbian subgeniuses.
Thank you, Rachnar.
Let's keep crossing our fingers.
I'm going to be seeing this a lot more often.
But I won't fret.
I'll go home.
I'll listen to emo.
I'll masturbate.
But I won't fret.
I'll go to work.







I'll go to work.


Because...
Break masturbation!
Because masturbation is my sole salvation.
Because I know what the conspiracy is.
Because I can laugh.
I can fly by the seat of my pants.
And I can live my own fucking life to the full extent of whatever I want to make it.
And what I want to make it is what we innately all dream for.
The ideal of a pure, honest life.
Live to the fullest.
Enjoying every single moment in a new squirty slack.
That is our greatest contribution to Earth Farm 1.
So, until next year, until July 5th, when you all find yourselves in the lounge of my
saucer, praise Bob, hail Connie, fuck the con.
Fuck them in the ass.
And...
Make them laugh.
And for a brief change of pace, a quote from Sex Mortis.
Wake the fuck up and wait hours to wake up with me.
Thank you.
Amazing French Reverend Alex.
Well, what can I say, folks?
You've got a lot of promise in that young man.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Yes.
Yes, it's true.
I am always right.
And although Bob is also always wrong, and in so doing is somehow always right, yet...
The subgeniuses shall...
Awaken!
Hey, where'd the amino acids go?
Oh, there they are!
Well, just for a sec.
I thought I heard the amino acids for a second there.
Oh, there they are again!
Yeah!
Here they are!



What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
The crop circles promise to lead us the way home
The pipe of Bob dolls is waiting for us
The escape vessels of the sex goddess is coming
I paid thirty dollars to fly into space
My father had told me not to go off to Hex Day
So I took cash from his wallet and was on my way
My brothers and sisters, they said it's all a sex cult
They tried to stop me but I shot them all dead
Goodbye to the con, hello margaritas Adios to your old friends, here's a better idea
You won't have a name when you show up
To Hex Day and all they will call you will be
D-Bobby
Some of us are smelly and some are not wanted
Codini has told us we have to move on
We went into T-Base just to meet all our heroes
But Lagoon's got a really big knife and a gun
We cried in the woods and we cried in the woods
We cried in the hot tub, we washed down our pride with the water of fire
We cried with some hairy old man they called Mojo
But we just want to hang with the ones we admire
Goodbye to the con, hello margaritas Adios to your old friends, here's a better idea
You won't have a name when you show up to Hex Day and all they will call you will be

D-Bobby
The campsite erupted just when we all passed out
A fireball of liquid that singed my young face
Who were all these people who taught me the lesson?
Never pass out stone drunk at Tranquility Base
But is this the best way to teach the young preacher?
And is this the best method to show up?




What's the way to set us on fire and laugh at our screaming
And be known by no name except D-Bobby
Goodbye to the con, hello margaritas Adios to your old friends, here's a better idea
You won't have a name when you show up to Hex Day and all they will call you will be
D-Bobby
D-Bobby


Goodbye to the con, hello margaritas Adios to your old friends, here's a better idea
You won't have a name when you show up to Hex Day and all they will call you will be
D-Bobby
And all they will call you will be
D-Bobby
D-Bobby
And all they will call you will be
D-Bobby
V-A-C-O-I-N-S-W-I-N-S-A L-I-N-G-I-O-B-O-B-B-I-N-E-S-T-O-B-B-E-L-L-L-A-N-A-N-I-O-L-T-O-V-I-N-E-N-E-N-T-A-N-T-A-T-A-T-T-T-A-T A-T-T-T-A-T-T-A-T-A-T-T-T-A-T-T-T-A-T-T-T-A-T-T-A-T-A
D-Bobby
Bob is their god! Praise Bob!
And when he was studying free action, he went to life in the world in Anne.
He's gone. God, we could have had a new government for Bob's president since he's been around since no pause.
I miss him. I don't care.
No.
Don't worry, Boris. We'll get to all of the cages eventually.
But first, you must climb into, and then escape, the cage of B-B-B-Bob!
Check out www.subgenius.com or write to me, Reverend Ivan Stang, at P.O. Box 181417.
Cleveland Heights, Ohio 4411.
Or, subgenius at P.O. Box 204206.
Austin, Texas 78720.
For you must heed my words!
