You know, I'm so thankful tonight that I don't have a lot of money, I don't have a lot of friends, but I have a whole lot of diagrams of how to position Bob or Steve.
Steve, somebody's got a conspiracy going on, and you will say, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
We don't have a lot of money, we don't have a lot of people, and we got a lot of power of the wicked, Bob, and the spiritual darkness.
We asked Bob to come and to reveal the conspiracy in the skies above.
And open up every deceitful work of conspiracy.
You know, the things that it's done, the symbols and the emblems of Bob.
Now, a lot of people loved the hour of slug.
Actually, they're in bodies with two legs.
They have two eyes, they have two ears, and their mouth is filled with Bob's conspiracy.
From.
NPR News in Washington.
I'm stoned.
President Obama told supporters.
I want everybody here to understand.
Our children will be at.
We have to.
And I want fewer jobs.
Meanwhile, in an address to the U.N. General Assembly, the president of Staten Island, New York, says his country is making the world's biggest Ferris wheel.
Making his U.N. debut, Thayne Sane pointed to some of the PR news on Wall Street 95-1358.
Republican Mitt Romney made his case at an American Legion.
The case claims that this is PR.
Coming up on your morning station, it's the hour of slack drive-by comedy hour.
Once again, your wacky hosts, Ivan Stang and Lonesome Cowboy Dave, help ease your morning commute with a fun-filled hour of classic rock, laughs, and trivia, where you can win fabulous prizes.
So stay tuned to your classic rock station, coming up right after this.
I love you, boy.
And I'm on date if I can't whoop it.
I'm on down.
All right, man.
He's going down.
If the last 50 years made such a change, just imagine the New York of 1980, when everyone has a number instead of a name, and the government tells you whom you should marry.
Let him that hath understanding count the number of the beast, for it is the number of a man.
Number of a man.
His number is 603-score-and-six.
Say you don't know me, or recognize my face.
Say you don't wear clothes to that kind of place.
All right.
I got one more song for you.
I think you'll like it.
It kind of speaks about the subgenius entirely.
I saw you looking me up and down.
Then I saw you looking all around.
That cool guy at the cafe, his name is Jim.
But he's got good taste, so you ain't leaving with him.
You need a guy who's going to make you feel good, not dwell upon your faults.
Like the other guys would.
Like your green teeth and your knobby ass knees.
What you really need is a fella like me.
Cause I got low standards.
I got low standards.
I got low standards.
So why don't you get with me?
You got a lisp with every letter but N.
You say who, and I say when.
You say most of you is starting to sag.
I say grab that colostomy bag and get into my car.
It's a piece of crap, but just toss it Burger King.
Rapper's right in the back.
You will head off to your place or mine.
Or just find some parking lot shit.
That'll be fine.
Cause I got low standards.
I got low standards.
I got low standards.
So why don't you get with me?
I got low standards.
I got low, low, low, low standards.
I got low standards.
I got low, low, low, low standards.

Now you might think that I'm very refined,
but I'm just looking for a kinda good time.
So what if you're bald and missing an eye?
I can look past it.
I'm that kinda guy.
I'm Big O'Dwart, and you forgot your makeup kit.
Well, I'll just dim the lights a bit.
Wear diseases from your previous bows.
Don't bother me.
I got some of my own.
Cause I got low standards.
I got low standards.
I got low standards.
So why don't you get with me?
Why don't you get with me?
Why don't you get with me?
Oh, wait, wait, oh, fucking shit!
I forgot the last verse!
I'll chalk it up to a poor choice of words.
When you say that the Holocaust never occurred,
you think stem cells are part of your phone,
and that bathing is for those too cheap for cologne.
Well, I got a can of spray here to cover the smell,
and earplugs, cause your voice is grating as hell.
Besides, the things you say you must be out of your mind,
you make the guests on Springer sound like fucking Einstein.
But I don't mind, no!
Cause I got everybody here.
No standards.
I got low standards.
I got low standards.
Yeah, so why don't you get with me?
I got low standards.
I got low standards.
I got low standards.
Yeah, so why don't you get with me?
Why don't you get with me?
Alright, there we go!
Now, this next one is called
The Death of T-Rex.
Please don't mistake
My obsession with death for a death wish
I wouldn't wish death on anyone, not even me
I've always lived by the motto to die and to let live
Please disregard this noose that I have tied around my neck
But you gotta say yes
To the death of T-Rex and that guy in excess
And whoever's next, you just gotta make way
As long as you believe
I have a feeling that don't include me
Just because I sport black clothes, it upcourts his complexion
It doesn't mean I don't live my life to the fullest
You may call me morbid because I sleep in a coffin
My brain's not dead and buried on some suburban lawn
But you gotta say yes
To the death of T-Rex and some passerby
Pigeon with chromosome X
You just gotta make way for the strongest species
I have a feeling that don't include me
Me
Me









































I have a feeling that don't include me
Me
Me
Me
Me























Me
Me

Ah!
Me












Give me the mule
Dave, there's a D on the next line.
Well, it's not a dirty line.
Hello?
Hello?
Not against him.
Oh, what a load of...
You said the next line is mine?
Yeah.
What a load of liberal crap.
Obama is a Marxist and the 47% are his boot-lick...
Freak-lickers.
That's me.
Freak-walk.
I'm the boot-lick-freeloaders.
I'm sorry.
I think the name of fruit-lickers.
Freeloaders.
They're all freeloaders anyway, though.
That's the truth.
I am.
You are.
Speaking of the truth...
I've seen we load and free many times.
Speaking of the truth...
The truth hurts.
Only those affected by this truth would take offense.
Ever notice near the end of the political race,
Democrats always have a slimy gotcha moment.
Seriously.
What would...
What would we hear if somebody smuggled a video
into a private fundraiser with Obama
and all his radical left Marxist-Communist socialist friends?
I'm sure it would make you sick.
But Republicans don't play Chicago thug politics.
The truth hurts no matter how ugly it's spoken.
Like gaining a few pounds and being told your ass looks fat.
You can get mad, snap back with insults.
Fact remains, you have a fat ass.
You...
You...
FN.
F-N.
F, the letter F, the letter N.
Yahoo about shifing your news on your evil candidates, the DFL party.
All you want to talk about is Romney, Romney, Romney.
For news on the real evil, get your news from Fox News.
The only honest network left.
You're right, honey.
Pass me the martinis.
It's a...
If it's a lance, if it...
It's...
It's...
If it's a landslide for Romney, no, they had to land and lead in the polls.
If it's a bummer, dead people voted Republicans.
Because between a rock and a hard place, either the polls lie or the...
Or demos get dead people to vote.
That's the only possible...
Those are the only possibilities.
Either the polls lie or Democrats get dead people to vote.
There's no way in the world...
That the polls could be telling the truth and that the dead people are not voting.
That's what I get from that one.
That's what I got out of it, too.
He's...
They're all convinced of a various number of truths which really haven't been proven.
And I guess supposedly in the communications world of research nowadays, especially this year before the election and usually in every year for the last 10 years,
they're wondering why some people don't believe anything they're told.
But believe everything they're told.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, yeah.
They believe everything that they tell each other.
That they want to believe.
They don't...
And they believe anything that sounds good to them.
But if it sounds bad to them, then it must therefore be a lie.
And demos get dead people to vote.
This is notwithstanding the fact that a week ago, a Florida Republican voting hot shot was busted for...
Adding hundreds of dead Republicans to the...
Well, you know how efficient the Republicans are.
They're going to actually bust those dead people in.
They're going to have numbers of buses from out of state coming in with all kinds of dead people.
Man, that's a smelly bus.
God, those things are so hard to clean afterwards.
It's really hard.
And they're also going to be hiring a bunch of people, you know, to get them off and get them on the bus because you know how slow they are.
But they're doing their job and...
Well, so then it's the...
We can only look forward.
The dead people...


The dead people versus the illegals then.
Because I heard that the demoncrats bring illegals deliberately into the country to give away the hardworking people's money to them so that they'll vote for, you know, who?
Obama.
Well, you know...
Obama.
Yeah.
And Michelle.
Yeah.
That's another thing I don't quite understand.
They see Michelle Obama as obesely fat.
Yeah.
And also the anti-crime tech.
They call her that all the time.
And they call her Moose Shell.
Yeah.
I get the impression...
She looks kind of like a hard body to me.
Absolutely.
If anything, she's a little bit too in shape.
I'd like it if she was a bit more of a Moose Shell.
It makes you jealous of Obama in many ways.
Yes, indeed.
Well, you know, now here's the thing, though.
We're not saying that the demon craps are angels by...
Look, I remember LBJ.
He was another technical...
Yeah.
Yeah.



Yeah.








Better JFK.
They're demons from hell, just like most of them.
And Obama could easily turn out to be another demon from hell, too.
It's just that a lot of people seem to think he's already proved he is.
And I just have not gotten that same impression.
In fact, in the debates, he seemed like just a regular guy.
And Romney seemed like a programmed and rather rude robot.
But that's...
Again, that's, you know, that's...
You may say that's selective perception on my part.
On the other hand, I kept hearing Obama give these specifics and Romney promising everybody everything for free.
Yeah.
Which I was doing the math and it didn't add up.
No, it doesn't.
I was also wondering, as I listened, I didn't actually watch the debate.
I listened to it.
I listened to it.
And I could not see Obama's three or seven o'clock shadow like Nixon's or whatever he's saying.
Well, to tell the truth, he did look a little bit rumpled and unshaven compared to the...
Probably because he was working.
...the Stratford husband, Mitt, who...
Probably because he had an actual job and he was working.
Well, that's the thing.
Yeah, the guy is kind of busy during the day and he hasn't been rehearsing for debates for six...
...months solid nonstop every day.
With special coaches.
Right.
And he also didn't change his tune in the middle of the song, as it were.
He did one time, though, but I won't say that because I think it made me...
From listening to it, it made me feel like Obama was trying to be like Romney because that was working or something.
Oh, I don't know.
I thought he did seem kind of bored and like he didn't want to be there.
And, hey, aren't I supposed to be doing something more important than this?
But...
As a true and personal listener to the debate, Obama won the listening debate.
And Romney sounded a little bit like he was on speed and he kept on repeating the same things over and over again like he was a little manic.
Yeah.
So I didn't see, you know, like, oh, Obama looks tired.
And I couldn't see that.
All I could hear was like one person was kind of smooth and had the facts in front of him.
Another guy was, you know, campaign sloganeering and jumping up and down.
Well, that's what...
Yeah.
We hear.
But that wasn't what some...
A lot of people heard, apparently.
At this point, Chris Moody, I wouldn't be writing stories on your make-believe poll number.
In 1980, Jimmy Carter had a four-point lead in the polls.
I'm sure if you would around your headline would read, what is Reagan's problem with voters?
You and people like you are a joke.
I'm sure in liberal circles, you are all the rage.
The fact is that...
Writing a story based on polls, especially polls that weight more Democrats than Republicans,
is beyond dishonest.
It should be criminal.
You are trying to sway people with make-believe numbers.
And for that, you should be branded a criminal.
Oh, well, we all know that Obama supporters love the news because they hear exactly what they want to hear.
They are the big television people who sit and absorb and then spew stupidity endlessly.
Let's face it.
They are fun to laugh.
Huh?
They're fun to laugh at.
At.
Oh, I had my finger there.
But it made sense with what the rest of what he was saying.
I'm sorry.
Nothing more can be expected from a president who would rather spend time with his celebrity friends
than tend to the business of the country.
What a loser he is.
And to think that a bunch of losers will vote for this clown.
Hmm.
Hmm.
France is not a raw model.
Never will be France.
For God's sake, they created the one-third world.
And they made Africa what it is now through a brutal colonialism.
Killed millions of Africans.
It's worse than the Nazis and the Holocaust.
The hate Jews and Muslim have no freedom of religion.
They like laic socialists.
Laic, yes.
The Africans.
The African French become the majority and that scares them.
Racism is casual in France now.
They hate African counties, but they want their business.
They supported Gaddafi for many years in his dictatorship and then turned on him when the U.S. and other did.
They are bunch or hypocrites.
If it wasn't for the U.S., the official language in France would be German by now.
Oh.

Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.











Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
What did he actually do there?
I'm having a hard time even understanding what his message is.
Who cares about France?
What does France have to do with it?
Well, I don't know.
But it's not a raw model.
It's not a raw model.
Right.
That's right.
I forgot that part.
It's a well-done model, not a raw model.
It's cooked all right.
Wait until you...
There's one of these later on talks about loot holes.
They're taxed.
It's loot holes.
Civil rights groups.
Laugh my ass off.
That is just a euphemism for pro-Democrat hate groups.
This president...
Civil rights groups are, by definition, pro-Democrat hate groups.
Well, that's true.
Everybody knows that.
I went down to the local campaign office there and I got my brown shirt and my big buckled belt
and this big, huge pair of cool boots, man.
And it got like this motorcycle-looking kind of hat, kind of like an admiral on wheels or
something like that.
And I...
Did they have the army of Black Panthers there to intimidate you and beat you up?
That happens at every single polling station in the big city I've read.
Well, that's also true.
Or every voting place.
There's always a giant team of Black Panthers.
You know, Black Panthers are big these days.
Yeah.
They all have shotguns.
Huge, huge membership in that.
This president is the most crooked, evil piece of crap we in the history of this country has ever known.
You're absolutely white.
You're absolutely white.
Yes.
And notice, I say, finally, I say, seeing a change for the better with these sniveling Mexicans.
Yes, real Americans are, I say, fed up.
And even bigger and better.
Changes are near.
Look at Arizona yesterday.
Go, I say, go, Dan and Sheriff Joe.
If you want your hard-earned currency redistributed to the lazy, cheating welfare people who a
lot are working with the system, vote for Obama the pirate.
So, we cannot support the right to celebrate a Christian holy day, dot, dot, dot.
But we can support a pirate day, dot, dot, dot.
I guess...
That is because he has pirated all of the American funds for his devout Muslim friends.
That was a couple of weeks ago on Talk Like a Pirate Day.
Yahoo ran a photograph of Obama talking to a guy in a pirate suit.
The photograph was actually two years old, it turned out.
Did you see the Hitler-Romney YouTube video?
We'll make you laugh very hard.
It's, what's his name, who was in Silence of the Lambs?
What's that guy's name?
Hannibal Lecter.
The Hannibal Lecter guy portraying Hitler.
Remember when he was Hitler in his last days?
And the subtitles were in English, of course, and they were all about Romney's 47% comment.
And Hitler has a tantrum.
It's very humorous, and I would suggest everybody go watch it.
Yeah, those subtitled Hitler things are good.
There's, what did we also see?
Bad lip reading.
And that person, whoever does bad lip reading is pretty fair.
Because they do...
He puts words in the mouth of everybody.
Well, that's what all the Muslims do, too.
He did Obama, he did Romney, he did...
The one I saw recently was Paul Ryan.
It was pretty good.
Very cleverly crafted.
Yeah.
I want to hear his band, Steak Baby.
Yeah.
Well, putting words in people's mouth is what all the Muslims do,
and all the Marxists and stuff, and all the Democrats.
Yeah, only they do.
Especially the atheist Muslim Marxists who are also communist spies.
They're spies.
For the fourth planet from the star system, Zub.
If fathers are so stupid as they can't figure out
that Romney was talking about the people who have made welfare their career,
then they deserve what they will get with Obama.
A country-gone socialist with sharia law.
Hey, man, if the Southern Baptists took over,
we'd have sharia law.
Yes, it's...
Yes, I'm...
Yeah, unfortunately, that's very true.
The evangelical movement is not very tolerant of others
and thinks that they are the American nationalist religion
and wants to start wars around the world.
Yes, it is kind of true.
Yes, it is.
Hard to find anyone commenting on any Yahoo blogs in favor of Obama.
Maybe the silent majority will come out of hibernation
and vote the person masquerading as president.
Out, out, out.
One can only hope for a change in November.
No Obama 2012.
Their originality abounds.
Hmm.
It's wild.
Just wild.
You know, it's although I haven't heard...
It's making me weep.
I'm...
I didn't...
I wet my pants, too, but...
Now, Dave, settle down.
I met the drool.
I'm not from any...
We do get overly...
You know, around election time, people get a little agitated.
Didn't the poor son of a bitch shot his...
wife and kids...
Unbelievable.
...earlier in the month because Obama might get re-elected?
Now, wait a minute.
And that would mean his kids would be in debtor's prison for the rest of their life.
He was so sure of this that he killed his little boys and his wife...
And himself.
...and then he killed himself.
Oh, wait a minute.
He knew the future or he believed the pundits of his...
No.
...favorite talk shows.
I missed it.
This is a real news story?
Yeah, that was a real...
Yeah.
This adds a totally different dimension to this thing we're doing here.
It didn't...
I didn't read it in the lamestream media.
I read it in the liberal communist media.
It was rawstory.com.
But it was a sourced news story?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
It wasn't just on that.
It was around.
It was just...
But it was very sad and ugly.
And I did not...
I did not encounter that one in anything but somewhat left-leaning news websites.
But it was a legit story.
I mean...
Yeah.
You know, I mean, I'm sure it wasn't the only one.
Well, I was just going to say the guy in Pittsburgh, which is a real documented story and was
covered in all the national media and stuff about the guy who thought the cops were coming
to take his guns because Obama was coming to take his guns.
Right.
And actually, they were coming because of a noise complaint that his mother made.
And it's not funny.
It's a real thing that happened.
And he let fire.
And I mean, he opened fire.
And I think he killed a cop.
And I don't know.
He was pretty well wounded.
But it was, you know...
Well, you got to be...
He was worried about those demon craps.
Yep.
They were coming to take his weapons from him.
Yeah.
Why would anybody take weapons from a nice guy like that?
I am doing a good job.




It's suckering the American peopley again.
I am Bozo Obama.
And I approve this message.
Oh, hell.
Let's go for broke.
Re-elect Obama so all those city dwellers will have to come to the country to buy food
from us or starve.
Go ahead.
Follow Obama down the yellow brick road and see what happens.
These Democrats need to unite in an effort to crush the whole God.
God.
Thing.
OMG.
Liberal media in overdrive.
We get it!
America is dying.
Obama!
Obama!
In 2012!
You love the misery and being the victim, America.
What have we done to this once great America?
Frown emoticon.
Maybe Romney was right.
If 40 per 7 will vote for, oh, despite his handling of the economy,
then, uh...
It shows their level of dependence on government welfare.
Don't you think that's true?
Yeah, that's me.
Uh, I'll vote for OB.
I'll vote for OB.
Despite his handling of the economy.
And if that shows my dependence on government welfare, that's great.
Because I've never taken government welfare.
Right.
And I'm exactly the same.
I will vote for him.
And I've never taken government welfare either.
Just think of we, how many years she put in there.
Working away like a fool and stuff like that.
And she's one of the 47%.
That's right.
She's rich.
She's rich.
No, that's the 1% of the rich people.

That's the 1%.
Yeah, the 47% of the vampire ticks and parasites on the government teat.
Spelled with two E's.
And man, now you would sound like a communist.
Want to stop the evil...
You don't call anybody a parasite or a vampire unless you, you know, they're actually hanging out.
They're hanging from your neck.
You could get in trouble and go to a memory camp.
Want to stop the evil rich guy liberals?
Cancel your order for your $600 iPhone 5, idiots.
Died of being poor?
Get out of your ass and work.
I am about to do that in about an hour.
Enjoy your sloth.
No, I'm sorry.
Enjoy your sloth and envy progressive liberals.
Marxists.
I enjoy sloth.
Am I sloth and envy?
I enjoy sloth anytime I can, man.
It's a busy world and it's a pain, you know?
Here's the loothole ones.
It's the lootholes.
You what?
The rich to pay more?
You say stop the lootholes.
Let's start with the earn income tax credit.
That is a loothole.
Pay their fire share.
Man, now that cat, I have to actually just interject a little bit here.
And notice that he's...
Totally, totally off the wall.
In fact, he's combining two news stories, both from Fox,
that kind of conflict with each other.
And he doesn't seem to know the difference.
God, you know what I just realized?
It's like five minutes to the end of the show
and we're only on, like, page two of three and a half pages.
I'm going to skip ahead.
This is my favorite, my favorite one.
It's right at the end.
Typical of a darkie.
That was the statement.
Typical of a darkie.
That was followed, however, by the first one that actually made me laugh.
Somebody said,
I wonder if the GOP has outsourced Yahoo trolling to China.
Somebody who didn't find that funny said,
I wonder if Obama sold Yahoo to China.
He's go at taking over private business and begging for money from China.

China!
So, I just don't know.
I don't know.
It's a very sad world we live in.
It's kind of depressing to think about that there are that many people
who would actually open their mouths and that would come out.
And it just shows that most of the people,
just as mentioned in the Church of the Subgenius, are idiots.
Demo-tard Paul reported on by a demo-tard.
Biased media.
Start the celebration, Libby's.
Then get out of the way on Election Day.
It'll be a Prozac moment for the socialists.
He's very familiar with that drug I might add.
Well, I think we've had enough here.
I don't want to do this one in black dialect.
Somebody would get mad at me.
They'd get the wrong idea.
But every now and then you see one that's written up in...
What would you say?
What would you call it?
Uncle Remus speech.
By some pecker word.
Trying to, you know...
Once again, it's like they can't say what they think.
They just tell each other over and over again what we think.
And they've got it all back last words.
And they've been told what we think.
Each and every one of us.
Not one deviation from that.
All Libs are the same.
Especially ones with huge, humongous breasts.
They're different.
They're not different.
They're all the same.
All liberals are...
Well, it's certainly true.
I have a lot of friends who are conservative.
Including lots of major subgenius contributors.
And they're not like that.
They're not like these people we've been reading.
But they don't post to Yahoo.
And frankly...
This is what I mostly find.
I could read a few comments by demotards.
But they're not very funny.
So, friends, I have to...
We have to put on a tape.
I'll tell you what I think.
Here's what I think.
I think J.R. Bob Dobbs is going to come in and sweep up this mess.
I hope he does, anyway.
I hope he does, too.
I think Big Bird is coming to take your guns, man.
But really...
It's like the show ends in five minutes.
I've got one very ancient joke political rant.
It's me.
Although you'll barely recognize it because it's so old.
And I was so young.
And then the slot rods from Live for the Next Day.
That'll be something...
Finally, you'll hear something good.
And fun.
So, Dave, thank you for calling in.
I'm sorry that these people made those comments.
And I'm just sorry to hear that.
Thanks for calling in.
And so, with that, goodbye.
But who cares, dear friends?
Who cares?
Because the end times are coming up.
You know?
It's the first day of the end of the world.
And...
We've been given...
Bob has given us to see signs and portents
of what will bring this end,
what will trigger the day of judgment.
And what it's going to be...
Of course, we know when the exes will, of course,
arrive July 5th, 1998,
at 7 o'clock in the morning all over the world.
But what triggers the end times
for the other alien beings,
the Yakutismo and so forth,
is this one moment when the world,
when America becomes so decadent
that it no longer deserves to live.
And that sign of the end times, dear friends,
is the royal jelly enema.
At a time, 1998, 97,
doesn't matter when, might be now,
may have already happened.
A time when beggars are crowding the streets
and children, poor children, are out starving.
Celebrities and lawyers in Hollywood
will be indulging in the latest hedonistic health,
the crap-pot health fad.
Getting enemas with pure royal jelly,
the honey fed to queen bees,
which costs $1,000 for enough royal jelly
to get the average jaded swinger,
you know, off or whatever.
And so at this time when the homeless
are selling their babies to procure used,
leftover amber grist and royal jelly enema byproducts,
when a Hollywood star,
the moment when a Hollywood star
spends $60,000 in one night on that,
and his used jelly is sold on the streets
for $200 for half a pint,
this so disgusts the aliens
that they don't even know what they're doing.
They decide to trash the earth
before the exes arrive.
The Existing.
The Existing.

The Existing.
The Existing.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.

Thank you.



From PR News in Washington,
I'm taking responsibility for today's
suicide bombing in the afternoon
in the Afghan capital of Kabul.
Two adults and a child were killed
when their mobile home was destroyed.
Also killed a driver of a semi truck
that flipped onto a cement PR.
President Obama says President Obama
is not heading in the wrong direction.
The government said this is PR.
PR News.
Larry Miller reports at
This is PR News from Washington.
There is no more money.
We gotta get some money.
That dirty
Turkish Arkham backflagged
Morton, Philadelphia,
Martin, Perkaluma,
Burton, Boston,
Friends, we're glad you listened
to this show and we're even more
glad that some listeners have donated
enough to help us keep on going for
another couple of months.
Not just this show, but
subgenius.com and all the other archive
sites.
But if you truly love Bob
and want some of that slack back to
rebound to you,
you should go to subgenius.com
front page or especially
the radio page or the catalog
store pages
and help out financially as best
you can. Now we know
what it's like to be on the brink of
total poverty and we don't want any
subgeniuses to make their own situations
worse. But some of you
still have jobs.
Even five bucks makes a
big difference, even if it's only
once a month from enough of
50 bucks makes an even
bigger difference.
All we're saying is that
blow jobs could go
the way of Steve jobs
if you don't pay Dobbs.
We also take checks and
money orders to
subgenius foundation.
P.O. Box
181 417
Cleveland Heights
Ohio
44118
P.O. Box 181 417
Lincoln Hightower

Lincoln Hightower
P.O. Box 182

P.O. Box 182

P.O. Box 183
P.O. Box 184
C.H.J.
P.O. Box 185
P.O. Box 186
P.O. Box 187
P.O. Box 188
P.O. Box 189
P.O. Box 181
corporations.
Sex, money,
Bob!
Free pills!
Sex, money,
Bob!
Free pills!
Sex, money,
Bob!
Free pills!
Sex, money,
Bob!
Kill me!
Sex, money,
Bob!
