And welcome, dear friends, to the Hour of Slack!
Praise Bob!
For the next hour, sit quietly and we will control all that you see and hear.
Turn on the machines. This is Radio Yerevan.
Wake up, puppet boy!
We are conscious of our responsibility and obligation to provide programs which will be enjoyable, entertaining, and tasteful.
There is absolutely no other possibility.
Copyright 1986 by the Subgenius Foundation and the participants.
You are about to participate in a great adventure.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to...
The Subgenius Hour of Slack!
The practice of hallucinatory drugs was big back in then and they were hearing these messages that the Beatles were placing backwards.
Bob, I'm so...
We smell Bob.
A silver lock.
Well, friends, I'm married. I'm not a virgin anymore since the last show.
But enough of the future, friends.
There's a pics of the wedding and so forth on the sub-site as there are logs of these shows.
But tonight we're going into the past.
I'm playing a rerun of Ancient Hour of Slack show number four.
51.
The beloved anti-drug special.
Part one, take one.
And next week we'll be following that with the pro-frog special.
And these shows, friends, are truly old.
These are from 1986.
Only the names of the presidents have been changed and yet nothing has changed, friends.
Except that back then we said man instead of...
Dude.
But in this ancient show, friends, we'll be hearing from puzzling evidence.
Reverend Bleepo Abernathy.
Doctors for Bob.
Buck Naked.
The Rainmakers.
D.K. Jones.
Dick Gregory.
Steppenwolf.
Nina Hagen.
The Fireside Theater.
Art Linkletter.
Alice Cooper.
Reverend Mark Mothersbaugh.
St. Palmer Vreedies.
Frank Zappa.
And, uh...
Oh, friends.
Oh, the last poets.
Alan Watts.
Dr. Philo Drummond.
And beautiful collages by, uh, Hell Pope Huey, Byron Werner, and yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang.
So, uh, let's go back, back, back in time to that anti-drug special.
This one's for Dr. X.
May he rest in peace.
Now, you're saying...
What?
Now, now...
Now, Reverend Stang, what is this?
The subgenius anti-drug special?
What is it?
The Church of the Subgenius joining with the conspiracy on its big fad of anti-drug mega-hype
and holier-than-thou witch-burning?
And I answer, nay, nay.
This is the anti-mega-hype we're hyping.
Not that we've ever condoned drug addiction.
Of course not, friends.
This is a church.
The only drug you need is Bob, my friend.
Bob will get you high and keep you there.
No, we're just anti-certain drugs, just like the conspiracy is.
They only hate the drugs that they're not on.
Death to pushers.
That's what Ronald and Nancy, if that really is her name, Reagan, say.
Death to pushers.
Oh, yeah.
And yet, dear friends,
they continue to use the United States government to support the tobacco industry
and the alcohol industry.
Oh, oh, but we're only against drugs, they say.
There's nothing wrong with being able to have a little drinky-winky now and then, is there?
And one cigarette never killed anybody,
unless it's lit right next to a leaky tank full of church air.
That's what Ronald Reagan said.
Oh, death to marijuana pushers, but subsidize the tobacco industry and the liquor industry.
Oh, friends, you know, lips that have touched the bottle will never touch mine,
though I do partake occasionally of the holy frop admixture prescribed by my personal physician,
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
But like Bob himself said,
I frop that others may live.
And, friends, frop ain't one of those conspiracy street drugs.
Uh-uh, but we'll be talking about frop later, maybe even next week.
I know, I know y'all want to know what frop really is and how to get you some,
but we're just going to have to listen.
You're going to have to listen real, real close in stereo headphones tonight, friends,
if you even want to gain but an inkling.
Drugs have become an escape for a nation of ignored youth.
Many parents too busy to stop, listen, and love.
.
.
.
Bob said I'm going to give you drugs.
Bob said I'm going to give you pills.
Bob said I'm going to free him from the law.

He's a false flag of the conspiracy.
He's a son of a .
He's a God that sat down.
He's a .
.
.

And so she had found the answer to her question by herself.
OK.
Bye.
Here comes Mrs. Darhaugh again in her nice soft dress.
Hi, Mr. Valium.
Hi.
Well, today, we're going to make sure that everybody feels okay.
That's a really long picnic they're having.
Yes.
They're eating Kool-Aid and pills.
Oh, baby, have a leg.
Yeah.
That's the hour.
Miss Valium.
How are you?
Well, I'm sad today.
Yeah, there's pills.
Pills.
Pills.
Pills.
Pills.

Pills.
Pills.
Pills.
Pills.
Pills.
Pills.
Pills.











Pills.
Pills.
Talking about pills.
Pills.
Pills for the bad and pills for the good and pills for the young and misunderstood.
Yeah.
Pills.
Pills.
Talking about pills now.
Pills.
Pills in my hair.
Pills in my...
Pills in the woods and pills on the rocks, yeah, pills
Pills, we're talking about pills now
Pills, pills always tell me things to do
Pills are better friends than you, yeah, pills
Pills, we're talking about pills now
Pills, my friends the pills
Pills, we're talking about pills now
Pills, we're talking about pills now
Pills, we're talking about pills now
More pills
And that's just the sort of thing I was talking about exactly, gentlemen.
Ladies and gentlemen, hello to you in Dallas, Texas.
This is the secret Reverend Bleepo Abernathy speaking to you over the airwaves of your local radio station there,
courtesy of...
this is the secret Reverend Bleepo Abernathy speaking to you over the airwaves of your local radio station there, courtesy of...
this is the secret Reverend Bleepo Abernathy speaking to you over the airwaves of your local radio station there, courtesy of...
staying and the Reverend Buck Naked, for which I am glad to present this opportunity to myself to speak at this time.
First of all, I want to say that none of the pills are ever good enough, as you all know.
And as you're out there, you know, you cannot feel anything without some sort of pill.
Now, that pill could be, of course, you know, your average, you know, vitamin or dexatrim or something like that.
Or it can be Jesus. It's any kind of pill that you mention at all.
We don't want to get too specific here, but let's just face it, friends, you're all looking for a pill.
And I don't know. I don't know.
And we're not talking a quart of pills. We're talking a bucket of pills.
Which is sometimes...
Some people relate to half an old-fashioned bathtub full of pills.
Like, sometimes, I don't know how much quarts of pills go for in Dallas right now.
I think in New York, you can get about a half a handful of pills for what, like a pint of pills might cost you in Austin.
Or Chicago.
But we're in Dallas now, so we're talking quarts of pills.
But this is just...
Heliopters full of pills. These are all legal.
They're not drugs. These are herbs.
They've been smuggled in by Tibetan lamas, which have been working for Bob for centuries.
I heard they put them on the bellies of sea turtles at one point.
They put them in the Atlantic.
They put them on your tongue. They put them on...
They might put them on your nose.
You can put them in your shoes.
And Bob makes the best pills ever. What?
He loves me.
Yeah!
Yeah!

Get pills!
Yeah!
Get them!
Get them pills!
Get them pills!
And you feel... you feel wise.
Your heart feels wise. You're buying.
And you know that you're the only one, and the rest of them are wrong, and you're the only one that's right.
And that's how you're supposed to feel, because you got the pills of Bob in you.
That's right.
Possess these children with the fire of thy holy way.
Fill them with the blood.
Fill them with the blood of your passion.
That will enable their weak spirits to move in pursuit of your holy work.
Oh, go on!
Do me in, you bastard cowards!
We don't want to live anyway.
Not in a stinking water like this!
Oh?
And what's so stinking about it?
It's a stinking water because there's no law nor order anymore!
It's a stinking water because it lets the young get under the water!
And the old runs you down!
Oh, there's no water for an old man any longer!
What stuff about water is it at all?
Men on the moon?
And men spinning around the earth?
And there's not no attention paid to earthly law nor order no more?
Oh, oh, dear little lad, I fought for thee.
In the US today, one of every ten high school seniors uses marijuana daily.
Thirty-five percent of all students use drugs at least once a month.
It isn't all the illicit, illegitimate market that's the problem.
We have a panacea in America that is a clear philosophical problem.
And it's not just the American people that are suffering from it.

The farmer, he got wild.
The bricklayer got plastered.
The mechanic, he got tanked.
And the construction worker got blasted.
And Daddy beat up Mommy and broke her collarbone for good luck.
And Daddy beat up Mommy and broke her collarbone for good luck.
And everybody's drunk.
And everybody's wasted.
And everybody's drinking on the job.
The car beast man got crashed.
The janitor got messy.
The taxi driver got smashed.
And the waitress, she got tipsy.
In Kansas City, New York City,
Gravy City, itty bitty city.
Now everybody's drunk.
And everybody's wasted.
And everybody's drinking on the job.
Well, there are a lot of people out there.
There's a whole lot of places that I ain't been.
A whole lot of things that I ain't seen.
A whole lot of things I'll never be.
The generation that would change the world is still looking for its car keys.
Love that's in here?
That's probably all I wanna hear.
That's nothing to me.
Security was right
Yeah, the Secret Service got lit
The FBI, CIA, D.S.O.I., USA
Everybody's drunk
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's sold
And there's nothing that's gonna change it
Cause everybody's drunk
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's drinking on the job
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
And everybody's wasted
Because they've manipulated us to the extent that these educational institutions ain't nothing but tricks.
Why?
Well, I didn't tell you this before, but he's an egg salad addict.
You mean he's hooked on it?
He's hooked. He's got a chicken on his back.
Yeah, well, too bad for him.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
As far back as educated men have recorded their history,
veils have been lowered to disclose a vast new reality,
rents in the fabric of man's awareness.
And somewhere in the endless search of the curious mind
lies the next vision, the next key to his infinite capacity.
There's reason to believe that incessant stimulation of the reward or pleasure centers of the brain
will lead to a...
a resetting of the pleasure threshold so that ordinary enjoyable things
no longer stimulate that area, or if they do, they aren't effective,
and one can't enjoy ordinary life so that all one has left are the chemicals.
If we keep using drugs the way we are, we're going to go down the chemical dumper.
Well, you look puzzled, Peter.
Oh, then you're still plain Peter Wayne.
But don't worry.
You'll all be crystal clear as soon as you pop.
Awesome.
Consciousness expanding.
Properly induced CE will give a subject full awareness of capabilities never known before.
The doses have been somewhat shorter for me the last time or two.
You know I've seen a lot of people walking around with tombstones in their eyes.
But the puts don't care.
Ah, if you live or if you die.
You know, my boy, if it's drugs you want, the old doctor can help you out.
Right this way.
Hey, get your hands off me.
I don't want to leave.
Then roll up your arm and bend over.
Do you want regular or premium?
Oh, this is ridiculous.
You guys are nothing but a pack of cards.
Drink me.
Eat me.
Choke me.
Must be some way out of this.
I'll change the air.
That's what I'll do.
Let's see.
What have I got left on the climate control?
Uh, dust storm?
No.
Bet in wilderness?
Land of the pharaohs.
Land of the pharaohs.
That sounds great.
Tots of them.
Land of the pharaohs.

Tots of them.
Land of the pharaohs.
Land of the pharaohs.
Land of the pharaohs.
Land of the pharaohs.
The man gets共 Suzanne.
Man!




The people, the ceiling, come down!
And the table, it's always deeper and deeper.
And the words, and their meaning!
Mama! Papa!
The madness is a journey to hell.
The brain is ill.
And it's weak.
In ever-changing dimensions.
Where the evil nights live.
God!
And the damn...
Ah-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
The pusher!
...the world there, and you still found the time to make the nicest peccary pie in all of Lombok.
Oh, darling, I'll remember when the least of your problems used to put you right to sleep!
Oh, not anymore, Matt!
Today's modern-now-a-go-go woman just pops these simple little pills called Angadream.
Swell demonstration, eh, Sarge?
It's routine.
Maybe.
But if the chief ever caught me taking these pills, he'd snap my head off.
Here, try one of mine.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah, the chief himself's been on these for a week, and he's a chain...
Good.
Open your mouth, Jeff.
No, I don't like pills.
It really does help.
Mom!
Take the trouble, I'm falling asleep.
Jesus, what a wonderful problem.
The haunting reality is that any one of these addicts, prostitutes, or runaways could be your child.
There was me.
That is Alex.
And my three droogs.
And their enemy is the God-centered family.
An 18-year-old teenager named Diane, living here in Hollywood, took her life.
She was under the influence of LSD.
She had experimented with it as a result of peer pressure from her friends.
This young lady had everything in the world to live for.
She had just won a Grammy award.
She was signed for a television series.
Today, drugs and alcohol have replaced baseball and football as the national pastimes.
We are producing a country without a future.
Any punk will tell you there is no future.
They don't think about it.
They wallow in this now operating theater.
They only have the present.
I can't hold my breath any longer.
In front of the policeman?
I have no choice but to go with him.
See what he has to say.
I'll minister to him.
I've tasted the dew on the lips of sweet death herself.
You were right, Paul, when you said that someday we'd all live in the treetops.
like apes, like monkeys, like rodents, like vermin, like the squirrel that has found itself electrocuted.
On my electric fence, the one I use to keep Zandy inside, and the dogs, the squirrels can't take the voltage.
They fry, they die convulsing, suffocate, because their lungs can't take in another breath.
But yet, their brains are aware of the terror.
My little boy walked out one morning, he said, Daddy, is the squirrel sleeping? Is the squirrel sick?
I said, No!
My child, the squirrel's not sleeping, the squirrel's not sick. The squirrel is dead.
The squirrel will not come back, the squirrel can be fixed. It turned into a skeleton. A squirrel skeleton.
My son said, Father, I want to be like that squirrel. I too want to be a skeleton.
You can't arrest me, officer. I'm not drunk.
I might be half-ass drunk, but I'm not drunk.

So eee!
Half-ass drunk.
Hell, you know who you are.
You know who I am.
When you got a hangover and it's all hung over back.
Shaded in your girlfriend's car.
Half-ass drunk.
Just you and me.
Sergeant Carter haircut, Gomer Pyle hookups, living off a LSD.
Half-ass drunk.
And I'm feeling blue.
Well, a flood come in and it washed away my din and my water bill's still past due.
Half-ass drunk.
I called my boss.
I ain't feeling quite right.
Well, it can't be Monday, cause I don't remember Sunday and my hands are slipping Saturday night.
Sweet love, Saul.
Half-ass drunk.
And I'm drunk as sh-
Well, I used to have a job, but I'm sick of getting robbed.
So I finally just up and quit.
And on my head I fit.
Half-ass drunk.
And on my head feels odd.
Well, baby needs food, but his daddy needs a lewd brother.
Baby better find himself a job.
Half-ass drunk.
Half-ass drunk.
Half-ass drunk.
Half-ass drunk.
And I'm having fun.
Stopped on a hill, cause I had to take a pill, but I couldn't quite find my tongue.
have a hash bunk hell i can see well they said the light was red now a couple of folks well there was
22 mangled and there was one guy that was gimped up pretty good he had to sort of walk like this
for the rest of his life and well there was one guy it was pretty neat they had he was hurt pretty
good i guess they had like this machine that was like hooked up where he had this tube running up
through his nose you know and that was the only way he could breathe and well there's this one
dude it was like a blade he chopped straight down on his toes last i heard he still couldn't walk
there's one guy well this is what's weird they found parts of him on front of the car and other
parts of him on the back of the same car i mean it sort of defies the mind doesn't it how you could
find pieces of the same person on the front and back of the same car i mean it i just don't
understand they ought to run some kind of scientific test i don't even see how that could
even happen
and a couple folks dead
well it well it sure looked green to me have ass drunk hell i wish i was
turn a brand new trans am into an old tin can trying to outrun the fuzz
have ass drunk i'm a victim of lies
well there's nothing wrong with me your honor i can see hell i got you damn
dude your eyes have ass drunk oh woe is me
mommy where's daddy
daddy he's been gone for so long
he's gone fourteen days
i could never see him again

could have been gone for more
held up in an intensive air war
lying on the floor
i was gone for all those days
but i was not all alone
i made friends with a lot of people
in the danger zone
see my lonely life i'm cold
i see it every day
see my own life my dead soul
since i've gone away
i've been a fool




i don't think of her
as easier
and the world
company

marvel
you'll imagine how ró速
bro
Heroin was legal, but possession of coffee was punishable by up to 50 years in jail.
In other words, friends, think of a world where you could run down to the nearest convenience store
just about any time of day or night and purchase any amount of liquid heroin you wanted.
A whole bottle of heroin would be about three bucks.
Or you could go down to a heroin den and sit and shoot up with all your shooting buddies
until about 2 a.m.
Then you'd get on the expressway and drive home.
Or, for that matter, folks, think about in the heroin world,
where imagine that the authorities making heroin so much a part of their business world
that nobody closed a big business deal without having a few shots of smack with the client.
When there'd be billboards all over the roads for the coolest brands of heroin
showing beautiful models.
Skin popping next to a waterfall.
And on TV, well, not only would there be all these ads showing your favorite sports heroes
shooting their favorite brand of heroin,
but in any party scene, any scene of any TV show
where people were shown relaxing or having a good time,
well, they're always taking just a few little sniffs of smack.
Now, the leaders of a world like that would have to be pretty insane, right?
I mean, it'd be obvious that the leaders themselves were not only heroin users
but stood to gain quite a bit from the whole population,
aside from a few anti-heroin fanatics leaning on this substance to relax.
But let's take it a step further, friends.
Imagine if these people made coffee illegal.
Because they said it was addicting.
And it led to harder stuff like espresso.
But yet, untold, millions of people had been drinking coffee for thousands of years.
And no one had ever OD'd.
You drink it, and it sharpens you up a bit, and then later you crash a bit.
But it was so illegal that the smugglers are getting fantastically rich
having contraband coffee beans flown up from South America.
And there'd be this whole subculture of bean heads.
People that were into coffee, and partly as a rebellion against the establishment.
And the whole reason that coffee led to harder stuff like espresso or NyQuil
was because to buy coffee, you had to go to a coffee dealer's house,
a pusher's house, where you'd encounter people who were espresso users.
And on top of that, a one-ounce bag of coffee beans would cost like a hundred bucks
just for an ordinary Maxwell house grade.
And people'd be arrested and spend their whole lives in jail,
maybe even be executed for using coffee, which is relatively harmless,
while this whole planet of junkies was going scot-free.
And President Reagan would be up there.
You'd see him in the news at, you know, partying with world leaders,
all of them snorting a bit of smack and shooting up.
Imagine what a horrible, topsy-turvy world that would be, friends,
where they made a powerful, central nervous system depressant,
not only legal, but glamorous.
While an organically grown, harmless bean off of a bush
could wreck your life only because of coffee.
Because of the laws against it.
But, but, we're an enlightened people here.
So just forget that little allegory, you know.
Let's not get depressing about it, friends.
Let's just lean back with a good, stiff drink and forget it.
Something was missing.
It was my pills.
I wonder if that guy Bob took them.
I guess I better run over there.
We're down this dark river.
Doug, Doug.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, okay, what?
Down here.
Oh, okay.
Where are we going?
The dark river.
Where are we going?
Tunnel ride.
Don't worry.
Just, like, hand the guy a quarter.
That guy took all my pills.
Yeah, well, don't worry about those pills.
You don't need those pills anymore.
Okay.

Well, I still got my tape recorder and my camera.
You don't need those anymore, either.
Give them to me.
Come on.
Whoa, look out.
Whoa.
Doug.
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la.
Kind of young, kind of wild.
Charlie's enormous nose will get saw white.
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la.
Charlie's enormous nose will get saw white.
A girl got a nose.
She's got a very large nose.
But it's all white.
She once was okay, but she's been blowing it quite a bit.
Of course, our friends are extra large.
And we can only assume as to how she's been choosing it.
Charlie's enormous nose will get saw white.
The girl got a nose.
She's got a very large nose.
But it's all white.
She got stuff all around the home where she was just moving.
They call it the nose.
They call it the nose.
They call it the nose.
And when it finally runs away, I guess you'll probably drive a truck in.
They used to call it the nose.
They call it the nose.
They call it the nose.
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la.
Kind of young, kind of dead.
Charlie's disgusting brain will get saw black.
The girl got a very dead brain.
It won't come back.
She used to convey, but then she took an extra hit.
Of course, our friends are extra large.
Our extra jump.
And they were terribly excited while they watched her do it again.
Charlie's disgusting brain will get saw black.
The girl got a very dead brain.
It won't come back.
She got dirt all around the home where they dunk her boxing.
They call it the nose.
They call it the grave.
They call it the grave.
They call it the grave.
Riches go to places and in for a totally bullshittin'.
That's why they call it the grave.
They call it the grave.
They call it the grave.
And all around at the side of the grave stood Charlie's friends who could not save this stupid girl from the way she behaved.
But among the mortars and the frowders, a cry for her ain't enough.
And among the mortars.
And along the street.
And along the street.
And along the street.
No, I ain't got a grave.
No, I ain't got a grave.
No, I ain't got a grave.
No, I ain't got a grave.
No, I ain't got a grave.
I'm going to be a...
Birdland!
The brother wrote on the rotted baseball wall
Right next to the sign that read, please don't pee in our hall
And then he reached in the slide and he pulled out the tiny transparent bed
The one filled with the chopped white powder the junkies call skag
He sighed as he hit the big vein in his arm
And his mind took off on Bird's musical charm
Now Brother Bird was blowing embracable youth
Like only he was hip to his secret he knew
Wow, the brother said as he slipped up into a nod
Bird sure eases the pain
Now I want to hear Brother John Coltrane
He tried to get up but his body wouldn't move
His mind told him his senses were in a groove
Finally Bird withdrew and train took over in a spiritual debut
His heart began to pound as he dug the bar sound
Damn, Bird and Train, show knock was down
And then he looked up and saw that the box wasn't even on
And it was damn near dawn
I'm high
I'm havin' it, and actin' like a little bitch
That've made me get up out here
Will it last for seven days

Tired of getting it
To the point, and I ain't got a clock
FRANito 1 году, raman
Technical problems and prevention
Win the show, to you I say
Why been hard work when I lost my spirit already?
Can't be any use
I go, I go, I go, I go, shit, give me some dough, so I can buy me some smack, and get
back on the fast track, he slipped off into a nod, and the sounds became odd, and he could
no longer hear train or bird, he could only hear the loud unspoken word, get back nigga,
you're black bro, but I'm beautiful he said, and then he suddenly realized that he was
dead, and he was being lowered into the ground, and couldn't utter a single sound, and his
family and friends were standing around, with their heads hanging down, crying and
carrying on, cause their beautiful black song was gone, no, I'm not dead, his mind said,
don't bury me, cause I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I
didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I
didn't, and then he realized, O.D., O.D., O.D., O.D.
I know Mr. Green.
I know.
Do you?
I know.
I know.
Go to it, boys.
But this young girl, 14 years of age, in the eighth grade, recently took 50 pills to take her life.
She has slipped her wrist and she's been into heavy drugs.
I've got super dynamic overdrive.
I'm operating in 10,000 revolutions.
My motor is being preserved because I'm operating in supernatural overdrive.
I am certain you know what reality is.
No matter what.
What I do to change it.
Normal I remain.
Normal can be just as bad as riding in a wheelchair.
Today, serious heresy is a deviant state of consciousness.
Not so much deviant opinions as having a kind of experience.
But I think it's a very important state of consciousness.
Which is different from regular experience.
We are taught what experiences are permissible.
And therefore, if a person has so-called strange experiences,
and endeavors to communicate these experiences to other people,
he is looked at in a very odd way and asked,
Are you feeling all right?
Because people feel distinctly uncomfortable.
When they realize that they're in the presence of someone
who's experiencing the world in a rather different way from themselves.
They call in question as to whether this person is indeed human.
They look like a human being.
But because the state of experience is so different,
you wonder whether they really are.
And in rather the same way, in a very everyday kind of circumstance,
when you're sitting in a bar drinking,
and you find you have a drunk next to you.
And he turns to you and says,
I say,
And you sort of move your stool a little way away from this man.
Because he's become, in some way, what we mean by non-human.
We expect a high of about 65 degrees tomorrow.
Increasingly cloudy skies once again, with some rain in the forecast.
So I found this little dish, crawled in, and I must say I'm happy.
Good night, boys.
Good night, boys.
Bob's got you hooked.
Bob's got a monkey on your back.
Bob's doing something spooky again, ain't he?
That's what you're listening to.
Yeah.
Yeah.
This is the kind of Bob that comes up out of the shadows.
This is the kind of Bob that follows you home.
This is the kind of Bob that calls you up in the middle of the night and hangs up and sees you.
Hey, Doug, let's kill Bob.
You're welcome.
Yeah, hell yeah.
Yeah, hell yeah.
Yeah, hell yeah.
I have an espresso machine in there.
Espresso.
Now, what do you do?
I feel the need to express myself into a cup and then pour it back into the spot in which I want to pour it into my shoes.
And I will be reborn again.
A man of caffeine.
Y'all get your little whiskey, get your little snort, get your little reefer, get your little...
You serious?
You're playing people.
People that's fixing to kill you puts the drugs out here for you.
How many of y'all know that?
Let me see your hands.
Some of y'all got your hand up and got a reefer in your pocket.
And we sat in the Corova Milk Bar trying to make up our razzle-dolls what to do with the evening.
The Corova Milk Bar sold Milk Plus.
Milk Plus, Bellacet, or Synthamesc, or Drencrum, which is what we were drinking.
This would sharpen you up and make you ready for a bit of the old ultra-violence.
And they got your hands so messed up everybody got in their hide and don't like nobody else's.
Yeah, the whiskey drinkers have always looked down on the wine-o's.
Reefer smokers now got an attitude about whiskey drinkers.
All at once the cocaine snorters think they're more sophisticated than the reefer smokers.
And the coffee drinkers hate them all.
A lot of the evangelicals...
The local leaders seem to have forgotten that.
Now we understand the drunk.
We know what's the matter with him and it'll wear off.
But when quite unaccountably a person gives a representation that he's suddenly got the feeling
that he's living in backwards time.
Or that everybody seems to be separated from him by a huge sheet of glass.
Or that, um...
He...
He's suddenly seeing everything in unbelievably vivid, detailed, moving colors.
You say, well that's not normal.
Therefore there must be something wrong with you.
We like you and should ignore you.
But instead...
Makes...
Oh god, it hurts. My headaches come back.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
If his headaches keep up...
Fuck, I'll go down in the medicine fish hole.
I'll go in the medicine fish hole.
If I have to.
That's not even a case.
Oh.
Do you have any aspirin?
No, I'm Bob.
No, I'm Bob.
No, I'm Bob.



No, I'm Bob.
...
AHHHHHHHHH.
Team lavaed states dude reading comments
Wooooo do it!
A light from the sky settled over them trees
It left this wire in my head that customized me
The wire in my head, it advises me
Better living through bio-circuitry
The wire in my head has found me new friends
They meet at the airport where the old
Firefighters go
And the freeway ends
And we lay down our lives for the power it sends
I got a wire in my head and so do my friends
The wire, a big business opportunity
The wire benefits me
Financially
The wire in my head gets me good deals
I drive a real solid car and I eat fancy meals
You can bet I'd kill any sucker who squeals
I got a wire in my head and I like hell
I got a wire in my head and I'd install it for free
Better living through surgery
I got a wire in my head
I got a wire in my head and I like hell
I got a wire in my head and I like hell
And that's on Paris Records.
Yes, Paris Records presents Made Up in Texas.
Wirehead Conspiracy.
You can pick that one up here and there.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
You know, time is running out.
It's so sad that time has to run out on the hour of slack.
You only get that hour of slack a week.
And it is a shame.
Ain't it a shame?
But you can learn more about the hour of slack
at everything else.
Everything else.
that has been played on here by checking out www.subgenius.com
or write to Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
This has been Hour of Slack number 788,
a rerun of Hour of Slack number 51 from 1986.
The music in the background is from Zumbo Fropland,
by St. J. Condon.
