If I had a kid listening right now, I think I'd tell her to go to sleep.
As if I had a kid, I'd write an indignant letter to this radio station for polluting the airwaves with a tide of blasphemy.
My daughter always told me that an hour of slack gave her a headache.
That's right.
An hour of slack gives me a headache.
It gives me a headache, too. It makes flies come out of my ears.
Oh, gross, man, how'd you do that?
He's the lord of flies.
I did that because...
Do you have social brain?
What'd he say?
88.1 KFCF in Fresno, which I was just listening to lots of recently.
Fresno, Fresno, Fresno.
And all over the world.
On kpfa.org, the interwebs, on Armed Forces Radio, on little pirate radio stations.
Are we on Radio Free Europe?
All the time.
Not that, but the voice of America.
Yes, as they cower behind the iron curtain, quivering in terror.
Cowering like jay.
The brave voices of Radio Free Europe.
Spread the American...
Happily, we're not on Radio Valencia.
Oh, no, we're not.
No, we're not.
But I don't know why that...
But these guys will be later.
Well, it's true.
And I can speak my mind there like a free yayhoo.
Like an idiot with the God-given right to spew my own...
Twisted philosophy.
Criminals.
Power, speed of light.
And you don't mean that maliciously speaking of idiots this way.
No one can stop me.
And now...
Once again, it's time for the Ask Dr. Hal Show.
Live on radio.
Hello.
Well, my friends.
Tonight we have an...
Exceptionally terrifying story for you.
One that will freeze your blood.
And cause your two eyes to start forth from your spheres.
And each particular hair to stand on end.
Like quills upon the fretful porpentine.
Yes, indeed.
And why?
You might well ask.
Is it reputed to be scarier than usual?
Because there's a little bit more...
More meat on those bloody bones.
Hello.
I'm Dr. Howland Owl.
And tonight is a special broadcast we call...
Subgenius All-Stars.
And what did he...
What did the caller say?
The caller wanted to know what your third favorite state was.
Oh, why.
That is, of course, the state of absolutely blissful torpor.
Ah.
What a great...
That was such a great...
Yes.
I'm sure that that caller could have gotten through.
Number one would be the state of pure slack, of course.
Yes, exactly.
Which is not the same as torpor, although they are certainly related.
Well, it is...
It is related.
But you have to get to the state of blissful torpor by going through the others.
Still, it is not as...
The state of semi-consciousness is fun to flirt with from time to time.
I pointed it out.
Yes, I said that.
Don't you agree?
Well...
You already pointed out the state of semi-consciousness?
I pointed out the boundary marker just on the edge of the frontier,
and right over the edge, the state of semi-consciousness can be found.
Straddling that point.
You can stand on four points.
Well, there's the phone.
They're calling us, harassing us.
They're not satisfied with what we're saying.
There's an impulse, an instinct to answer the phone and try to see...
Do you want me to answer the phone, Dr. Howell, and I'll take a relay of the...
How can you do it?
I'll go over there and...
Oh, but you can't hear on it.
I might.
Well, let's try it.
I'll try one more time, but this phone thing, it likes me not.
I feel like I'm falling like a deaf man through the canyons of my mind.
Stop talking for a moment, gentlemen.
Let's see if some whispering, lisping phantom on the phone has anything to say worthy of interrupting the stream of our speech.
I can hear this individual over here.
I can hear you by actually holding the phone next to my ear.
Well, it's not supposed to work that way, but let me do it.

You can hold the phone up to the microphone and see what happens.
Yes, uh-huh.
Now, Dr. Howell is engaged at this point on the phone, intently listening to the words...
The phone that's supposed to be tied into the radio mixer.
...intently listening to the words that the callers are saying.
We don't hear those words, but Dr. Howell is parsing the sentence out.
to understand what the real meaning is behind it.
Conspiratorial ideologue, no doubt.
I can hear him breathing heavily.
You know, on my show, we only allow one person to call in.
And then you kill them?
No, it's Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
And the only reason he has to call in is because his car doesn't work.
He gets paid to call in, right? Don't you pay him?
I pay for his long distance.
I mean, don't you, like, have to pay to get people to call?
Yeah, on my show, nobody listens. I have to pay people.
Well, no, you pay to have the best caller.
That's what it is.
See, we have to take random callers.
Just anybody can call.
The question is, what is the correct plural of Jesus?
And now I will hang up the phone.
Usually on the way to the station, I'll find a wino and give him a buck.
Now, I have a question to answer.
Say, call this number at 930.
Right, right.
That's how I get called.
You can say it here.
Here's a $10.
This is a question.
That's how I found lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Piled on.
Put in by the caller.
Here's a 10 spot for a bottle of wine to ensure you do it.
But I have to say, I like to answer questions.
I would answer them.
But I'm just not able because of the difficulty, which the caller confirmed others have been having also at this station.
So I'm going to say, do not call.
I will not pick up the receiver.
But this last caller did have a question.
And the question for me is,
what's the correct plural of Jesus?
Dr. Drummond, Dr. Stang, would you like to throw something in?
I use the term jizai on the job, in my work.
I use the term jizai as well on the job.
In fact, there's a special email folder that certain people's mail goes into automatically.
I only see it when I feel like looking at the kooks in jizai folder.
Well, you need to talk about.
The plurals of Jesus.
Yes, that's what I'm going to do.
I need to talk.
So let me say.
You need to talk up more?
Me?
Let me say that what we've got going here is the Latin plural of Jesus.
The word given by Reverend Stang is jizai.
But of course, that is, he is using the Catholic liturgical medieval Latin pronunciation.
Those of us who believe that the correct pronunciation of Latin by the German classical scholars,
is the correct one, would say j-z-e.
J-z-e, spelled with two i's.
You know, just like a Catholic priest would say jizai, eh?
So essentially, that is the correct answer for Latin.
But how about the correct answer for the English language that we all speak more than we speak Latin?
A mess of Jesuses.
A pride of Jesuses.
A gang of Jesuses.
You have given it.
A clutch of Jesuses.
It's a gang of Jesuses.
You have said it.
A host of Jesuses.
Jesuses is the correct word.
A host of Jesuses.
Yeah, that would make sense.
Well, we weren't looking for the descriptive noun for the pack, the ravening pack of risen
Christs.
When in doubt, just say Christs, as in the three Christs of Ypsilanti.
The only thing about that is that technically, a Christ need not be Jesus.
A Christ is only an anointed one.
That's true.
But Jesus is a Christ, so he can be a Christ as well.
Yeah, but it works one way.
He's the Christ and a Christ.
So when we're talking about Jesus titty fucking Christ.
Those are the two lesser known middle names of the Savior.
Right, but we really have a strong affection in the Church of the Subgenius for the fighting
Jesus.
That's right.
Because he didn't turn the other cheek.
He actually got pissed off and mowed down a whole row of his enemies.
If I offend thee, kill someone.
That's what he said.
That's your fighting Jesus who said that.
The sound of a leprechaun orgy and full swing.
And there they are.
First they were hopping over the hollyhocks and leaping over the gates.
I don't know if I can watch this video much longer.
Just look at them, the randy little buggers going at it.
And you know, over there, there's the pot of gold under the rainbow.
But you wouldn't want it now.
At least without rubber gloves to touch it.
The frosted lucky charms.
They're magically delicious.
They're hanging men and women for a few.
That's a horrible noise in the background.
Reminds me of those chihuahuas in the back.
That's a Turet's Laugher.
And look, a giant beehive of infuriated African killer bees.
Oh, we went to the Chihuahuas.
Chihuahuan desert where there was a chihuahua, a deadly attacked chihuahua hiding behind every cholla cactus.
Aye, Chihuahua.
And, uh, did the...
Ah, pink hearts, yellow moons, orange stars, and green clovers.
Green spleens, yellow intestines.
Blue diamonds, purple horseshoes, and red balloons.
Little purple lungs.
Pots of gold, leprechaun hats.
Red arteries and purple veins.
Shooting stars.
And an hourglass of blue and green.
They're after me lucky charms.
They're magically delicious.
Tee hee hee hee hee hee.
Oh yeah, watch out.
Purple horseshoes, red balloons.
It's dark. Turn your lights on.
It's dark out there.
Turn your lights on.
When you turn your lights on, it causes the leprechauns to explode in puffs and puffs.
And spruce clovers.
And green stars.
I thought that was trolls that exploded when exposed to light.
Remember how they defeated the Saucermen in the movie Invasion of the Saucermen?
Uh, you'll have to refresh my memory.
Teenagers at Lover's Lane turned their auto headlights on them and they burst into smoke and disappeared.
It was that easy?
Yes.
It was like Triffids, all you have to do is spray them with salt water.
Yes, only if the military had known, you know.
You guys coming here?
They were having trouble suppressing the fact of an alien landing. That's also in that movie.
And if Martians come, all you have to do is sneeze on them.
I always thought they were from Venus, because of Forrest Ackerman's captions in his magazine where he called them the hydrocephalonic horrors from the planet Venus.
Oh my gosh. Have you heard about this?
Weren't they hydrocephalonic horrors?
Certainly.
And not only that.
Years ago there was a vinyl model kit that you could put together of these critters and one of them showed the pituitary dwarf from inside the suit, which was an optional head that you could put on it and have him carry the Venusian head under his arm.
My tinnitus has just gotten a lot worse.
In addition, the hands come off and crawl around, they have eyeballs on the back and they inject you with alcohol.
Do you remember?
I remember.
I'd like to remind you of the recent changes to the marshmallow lineup in the Lucky Charms.
That was a nice refreshing.
The star shape took more of a shooting star design in 2004, the orange five-pointed star being added together with a white trail.
Tiny sickles, wee hammers and little light stars.
More recently, in the late 2005, another different kind of marshmallow was added, the hidden key.
It is a solid yellow marshmallow that resembles the shape of an orange star.
The key is locked in chains.
You can see the key is locked in a closed door, similar to the shape of a tombstone.
Flat on the bottom, flat sides with a round top.
When liquid is added to the cereal, the sugar inside the marshmallow dissolves and the shape of a skeleton key appears as if by magic.
A skeleton?
Yes.
Lucky Charms and its magical hidden skeleton key.
Capers, xenotops and gravestones.
Did you Irish thugs run off that sexy girl you had calling you?
Where's that sexy babe?
There's my dear handsome chintz.
There she is.
I must be off for the evening.
My jaw is jittering because it is so cold out here where I am having to call from so that I can speak in a full tone of voice.
Yeah, where she comes from, they don't let women phone from inside a house.
Why don't you throw on some garments?
There's biddies in there.
Less chilly.
Watch out for the biddies.
There are small, small children that must be up for work and school in the morning.
Ah, yes, we can't interfere.
They put their children to work, so.
The workaday world must go on.
Those children have to go to work early in the morning and get a good day's work in.
Yes, sir.
But it has been lovely visiting with you all.
Thank you, Mrs. Queen of UFOs.
Now time to drop into a deep sleep.
Thank you, Mrs. Queen of UFOs, for coming to our class and giving a nice presentation.
From PR News in Washington, I'm detained in North Korea.
An airport spokeswoman says this is PR News.
Residents of the mid-Atlantic states created rivers of mud causing millions in property damage.
Coldest, snowiest emergency disaster emergency national guard state police shut down.
PR News canceled.
A commercial airplane crossed into North Korea on Christmas Day to protest religious PR News.
Sleep?
Well, yes, it's me.
And I'm calling up to find out if anyone there still knows how to smell the sleep.
No.
The dewy feathered sleep.
The sleep of the just.
It's Gabofam.
No, Mrs. Gabofam.
Nobody knows how to do those two-sided...
That's not Mrs. Gabrogfran.
That's Mr. Gabrogfran's mom.
Oh, this is so confusing.
I was wondering when the old, good old show was going to be back.
It's never coming back.
Mommy, I'm glad you're hearing the good old show for me.
It's all the real show, guys.
Well, you can still hear the good show on our Slack where we play ancient tapes.
Good old show.
The good show.

From the previous century.
From back in the days when good old...
The good old show for me.
Back when Dr. Howell and Puzzling Evidence were on and Philo and Lies and Gabrogfran.
Before the...
We love to play those old, old shows.
It became all from here to here.
Your lovely charms are magically delicious.
It's all programmed from Seattle now.
Oh, those are the days.
Ever since Claire Channel took over the Puzzling Evidence show.

It's 420 and you can see the show the way it used to be.
Look at that.







In a golden glow of nostalgia.
It was never that good.
Lord.
And at this momentous moment of 420, I must take my leave.
And what about when...
Reverend Puzzling Evidence, Evidence Evidence.
There she goes.
Reverend Howell and Reverend Ivan Stang and...
Princess We Are Doe slipping beneath the bosom of the lake.
And what happened to the poor little collars smashed and crushed and reconstituted and
flushed?
I don't know.













They're magically delicious.
By a palinogenesis.
Just collect the ashes.
We turn them into the type material that we record on.
Well, what about the schluling the schlill?
No one knows how to do it these days.
They always have to be lucky sho.
You just have to put it in the hopper and give the crank a couple of turns for it.
Oh, that feels good.
Yes, you'll like it.
And when you drop into the collector, you'll be a new man.
If you like that, I'll be a new man.







Well, that tried the chipper.
You love the chipper.
As long as I...
I'll sort of eat new man.
...the chipper, our infuriated chimpanzee bites off faces.
Oh, that's my style.
Yes, it's not to defeat a farm.
Queen, may I have some reverence?
I am off.
There she goes.
She's fading away like a little bubble.
Princess We Are Doe, queen of all the UFOs and a great American.
Yes, and she's helping me because since I started this call, I've lost over six pounds.
I'm not a human being.







I'm a human being.
Oh, that is sad.
Here's something for you.
Here's something.
Pink hearts, yellow bones, orange stars, pink holes...
Can't you use the star sign?
...and now, new blue diamonds.
Oh, new blue...
Oddly enough, puzzling evidence looks six pounds heavier.
Oh, it's because of that blue crop pillow you've been eating all night.
Oh, yes, that's true.
So, it's what about those six pounds I owe you?
Wait, this is not working at all.
I guess you can forget about that now.
And now...
This is all wrong, Joe.
...pink hearts, orange stars, yellow bones, green clovers, blue diamonds...

You're talking too fast.
...and now with the new...
I always have to write this down.
It's like some gambling game for kids.
...brown livers, purple lungs, green intestines, and pink hearts.
There's spin the GoPro, Brandon.
Whoever points to has to kiss.
Heart stars, balloons, horseshoes, clovers, and blue moons, pots of gold, rainbows.
Who can keep up with this, Tom?
Gibbets and kidneys.
I'm not going to be able to play this one in Cleveland because of all the Irish.
Smashings of bacon.
Rashers of ham.
The Irish will get upset when I play this.
Are you going to the...
Nobody cares when you bash the Irish.
They're great.
They're like a bashable...
I'm going to play this one.




...good-looking animal.
A vibrant group that nobody cares about anymore.
New caller, who do we have here?
...puzzling evidence...
I can see him, but I can't see his lips moving.
I'm in the same room in Philo's office...
See, what's funny is I actually can see his lips moving.
...on the screen right now.
Philo's making coffee.
We're making calls.
Who makes me mean it?
It's pornography.
It's a natural consequence of my synesthesia
is that every time I hear someone talking,
I see lips moving in the backs of my eyelids.
Yeah, I smell colors.
Sometimes I see subtitles, too.
And they don't smell none too good in here.
Your day-to-day life, like, imagine going through life
with there being subtitles for everything that everyone says.
Yeah, Japanese subtitles.
Well, mine are actually in English.
That's the funny thing, you know,
because they're speaking English to me.
Like, it's always in the language that they're speaking.
If I can figure out what they're saying.
Well, do you, like, parenthesize Martian
or whatever you're paraphrasing?
Oh, yeah, Martian, definitely.
Like, it looks poise, you know?
If I could do that, I wouldn't need the hearing aid.
There's a number of different Martian dialects, though,
and you've got to be really careful about which one you go.
Because it's not just that Martian is a tonal language.
You know, if you go like...
versus...
Like, that's the difference between
I was milking your cow and I was milking your mother.
So you've got to be really careful
when, yeah.
You can find out more about that on those here,
Lindquan and RadioValencia.fm,
where they have a Martian on their show.
Really?
Oh, that's right.
They do have a Martian on RadioValencia.fm.
Well, they have a whole, like, community there,
and they play music from the harbor and stuff like that.
So they're, like, openly admitting...
They're openly admitting to harboring illegal aliens.
I mean, we've had a ban on visitation from Martians
ever since the 50s.
Yeah.
That's pretty bold to not just smuggle a Martian
into the country.
But advertise that you do.
That ban was hindered by the Martians
because they were here first.
Now there's all these cultural issues,
like, you know,
sir, you know, your skull is exposed
and stuff like that.
Could you...
For them, that is like a religious thing
to expose your skull in public.
Well, you know,
according to some definitions,
we are the Martians.
Yeah.
I shouted out who killed the Martianese,
and after all, it was you and my knees.
Be great, yeah.
That's Traeger's talk.
That's what it is.
The corporate states of America
to claim that you are the Martians
rather than they are.
Yeah.
Well, how could we just like to
put them on staff, keep them busy?
Well, you know, I am a devotee
of the Roman deity Mars.
Oh, yeah.
Good idea.
The Roman deity Mars, yeah.
The god of war and blood.
Oh, Mars.
Conquer.
Yeah.
I guess.
Yeah.
I like to run my enemies before...
Yeah.
See the fight...
Talking on the show.
...or something like that.
Unfortunately, all of my gods
are full of...
Peanuts.
Yeah.
It's part of the show.
See, but my god has almonds
instead of peanuts.
That's what makes him so tasty.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Top of the line.
You can get that particularity
from that.
Mundane working class god, I guess.
Well, working class god
is something to be...
It's so immediate.
I don't think god is something to be...
If he only knew the philosophical
and conundrums he just advanced
himself into.
And the cult of Mars has its...
Well, I think it's temple services
on Tuesdays, actually.
That's the holy day of Mars.
They have to do their running throughs
and their sword dances and stuff.
Yeah.
How can that be?
Well, the reason it's on Tuesdays
because it's...
Well, in Spanish, it's Martes,
which, you know, it's the day of Mars.
That's true.
That's it.
Yeah.
I love it.
All that Roman stuff.
No, thanks.
Well, Stang is familiar with Wotan's Day.
Oh, yes.
Yeah.
Well, yeah.
That's...
It's also...
I even had a band with Dr. Drummond,
and I had a band called Doctors for Wotan.

We knew everything about Wotan.
And Wotan...
I've got his missing eyeball
in my briefcase.
You know, the Wotan services,
of course, you know, you...
They do have a big orgy
because those are had on Wednesday,
which is hump day.
Hump day?
Yes.
Of course.
Yes.
Hump day, donkey day.
But only elephants or protrusions
are allowed.
Usually, some of them, like,
are categorically smaller,
but some of them, you know,
their brains well back to, you know,
exposed skulls and brains...
And his priests are all hunchbacks.
His priests are all hunchbacks nowadays.
As they should be.
They should have, like,
those bald pates with the...
Well, don't forget this little spot.
Yeah, like a capuchin.
I think the one gig card
and a little reader.
It's got the wheels for the helichopper.
It's got the camera that fits in the nose.
It can fly over Bob's house
and watch the orgies as they unfold.
Man, what a...
There's no better way to go.
Yeah.
I mean, if you have to.
Of course, you know.
I don't want to go.
Well, the way to go
is to jump into Bob's pipe.
Or to relieve yourself.
Or to let him smoke you.
In a public place, if possible.
That's a true expression of freedom in my...
You know, that's just where I'm coming from.
Yeah, it's true. It's true.
Bob's pipe is big enough for all of us.
Yep.
It's a fatty,
as they usually say in French.
Yes.
Actually, I believe the French pronunciation is
fat-ee.
Le fat-ee.
Le fat-ee.
Le fat-ee.
These guys are so show-off.
Because they're cultured out there in Cleveland.
Because I can...
Because I can pronounce fake words.
Like Clare.
Yeah, I can't pronounce fake words.
I just...
I can't pronounce them.
They're fake.
Okay, Stang.
Here's an...
Pronounce the word insouciant.
Oh, yeah.
And then give me the terminology.
But that's not a fake word.
I actually did not know how it was pronounced
until now.
You know, I used the word insouciant
the first time I ever got drunk.
What does it really mean, though?
I...
It occurred to me that I was insouciant.
It means you're without worries, without cares.
Ah, insouciant.
Yeah.
Sans souci.
There was actually...
I think there used to be a restaurant.
Maybe it's still there or not, like in Tower City.
Yeah, Tower City.
There's a restaurant called Sans Souci.
Oh, Sans Souci.
That's what they say in Francais.
They say Sans Souci.
That's French for Hakuna Matata.
Hakuna Matata.
I can see it on the subtitles there.
Yeah.
These are...
I think...
I need glasses.
I need a sub...
I need glasses.





Subtitles and a hearing aid to hear the show.
You can also shingle your roof with subtitles.
Oh, you could use...
If you're a true subgenius, you should have subtitles.
...your last operation.
I couldn't bring myself...
Can you bring yourself...
Don't worry.
You can't speak until the funny microphone sound effects record has been ceased.
And I think it stopped.
I think it stopped.
With the back end...
There we go.
There you are.
There's a glitch in the tiny...
I think Dr. Howell's doing it.
...fire.
Well, there could have been a strange supernatural phenomenon.
And here, a mischievous sprite or an imp playing tricks...
Haltergeist.
Yes.
Holtergeist.
They make up the principal part of spontaneous material manifestation.
Or the principal type.
Speaking of howling, Dr. Drummond and his daughter and I heard a hoot owl out in the
woods.
Are you sure you ain't just as crazy as a hoot owl?
No.
We heard it.

It was a great movie.

It was a real animal, man.
Yeah.
Well, that's pretty damn good.
It's like a live animal.
Believe me.
It's an honor to hear a hoot owl out in the woods.
I am...
It was a live animal, man.
We heard one.
We know that it still exists.
I see deer every day.
No matter where I go, I see deer.
There are...
You do.
You see deer.
Yes, I...
I really do.
I see deer.
I see deer on every highway.
I haven't seen one today, actually.
I have not seen a deer in...
in Dr. Drummond's neighborhood.
I hear deaf people.
But I bet you have.
Hmm.
Yes.
They're everywhere.
And I say bring back the wolves.
Those deer are eating at my little flower bed
in my front garden.
We're not answering the phone tonight,
so please stop calling whoever's trying to.
It won't work and it spoils the program.
Huh?
I said I hear deaf people.
I know, we heard that.
Yeah, that's a terrifying revelation.
We might have to change the entire nature
of this broadcast into...
They make sounds.
Deaf people do.
They make sounds they can't hear.
It's true.
Honk if you're deaf.
Well, it'll take a moment
for the consecutive translation.
So we're going to have that honk-a-thon
in a little while.
So you can get away with that
because they...
You know why I'm talking about.
Well, what are you talking about now?
I would like you to explain yourself.
Making fun of the deaf.
But, my dear sir,
I'm sympathizing with them.
This is a radio show.
And besides that,
I think that deaf people
have just as much of a sense of humor.
I happen to know that they talk...
Oh, my, the phones are ringing off the board.
They have funny names for us hearing people.
Oh, of course they do.
They have their whole subculture
of ways of...
Of making fun of us.
...of feeling like they've got one up on us.
Of us hearing people.
Well, they are without having to listen
to a lot of annoying chatter.
Yeah, and a lot of bad music.
The other day,
I was eating in a little restaurant
with my friend Mr. Sister
and his son, Princess Lee.
A name-dropper.
And this...
A woman walked over
from across this busy restaurant
and said,
I'm blind, by the way.
I couldn't help but hear
what you were saying
about such and such.
And she threw in her comments.
We'd seen her
around the neighborhood a lot before
but had never talked to her.
And I realized that
I could...
While I could barely hear
these guys talking to me
over their burgers
right in front of my face...
She was across the room and heard it.
She was across the room
and could hear everything
everybody said.
I was reading their lips.
But that means in addition to...
As soon as she walked away,
I went,
did you see how funny-looking
that blind woman was?
But she...
I know she did.
She has to have exceptionally good eyes
to be able to see lips across the room.
I know I couldn't do it.
No, no, she could hear.
She was blind.
She was hearing their lips move.
I thought you said she saw their lips move.
I may have said that.
I may well have said that.
No, I meant she heard the sounds...
I'm always a few steps behind.
She heard the sounds their lips made.
Pope Black was right about me.
I'm just a sort of dull-witted person.
Several steps behind.
Dr. Hal is stupid.
Quote.
Well, yeah, that's what Pope Black said.
He said that, yeah.
And he must have known
what he was talking about.
It was after a rant in Amsterdam.
Dr. Hal got up and did his usual brilliant thing.
And David Lee Black later said,
Dr. Hal is stupid.
And in his mind,
I'm sure he spelled stupid with an E.
Hmm.
That's just the way they are, you know.
How about two O's?
No, that would look too deliberate.
Maybe he was just making a joke.
That's the way Mad Magazine spells stupid.
They mean it.
I invented a new religion called
I-do-itology.
When did that happen?
Is this a subset of the church?
It might as well be.
It's for idiots,
but idiots can't spell idiot.
They spell it usually as if it were to say I-do-it.
I-do-it.
It's really more related to Scientology
than Church of the Set Genius.
Well, it sounds somewhat similar.
I-do-itology.
You can't...
You have to say it that way
even though it doesn't make sense to other people.
Like, you do it all is the idea.
Because it's more realistic.
If the real idiots made a church,
they'd spell it I-do-itology.
Yeah.
And probably have.
If I thought of it,
then somebody somewhere's already done it.
I did it.
You did it.
You started the Church of I-do-itology.
But what about the Church of the Subgenius?
The subgenius.
Isn't that what they all want to hear us talk about?
We are.
Well, you're talking about the Church of I-do-itology.
Everything falls...
Well, part of our tenets in the Church of the Subgenius
includes the power...
the plan to spin off into a schism
every time we think of a new one.
Anything a subgenius...
Instantaneously.
Like the universe itself.
Starting new religions at the...
It's just instantaneously.
The sacred concept of erasability.
Dr. Drummond himself was taught that by Bob.
Directly.
I've had people try to evoke the sacred doctrine of erasability to say,
well, I'm the new high E-pop.
I said, well, I invoke the sacred doctrine of erasability to say you're not.
And also, I own the trademark.
So, go shove it.
Well, they're trying to take a job which is not open.
No one can just become an E-pop.
And an actual E-pop would not say that he was, but would rather show.
Show.
Right.
Bob doesn't have to brag.
You don't hear Bob bragging himself up.
It's about doctrine.
It's not the real Bob.
It's about doctrine that's, you know, the revealed doctrine.
Not some Bobby's doctrine in his head anyway, you know.
I wish you would talk closer to the mic like you care.
I do care, but I'm on this short little chair here.
No, no.
It's all right.
Let me wiggle it again.
Now just wiggle until you feel comfortable.
Get comfy.
And put up your...
Your seat.
Your feet or whatever.
Now I've turned it completely off.
Bang the microphone as much as you want.
And then when it's all finished, the voice of the bard, Ivan Stang, shall be heard again in the land.
Oh, I can use your mic.
At WCSB, you may have noticed that any time you touch the table you're sitting at, you hear a booming sound like thunder.
A sound of thunder.
I feel like Lemmy.
Have you ever seen Lemmy on Motorhead?
He always sticks his...
He...
He has the mic way up like this so he can stick his head up and go...
But is that comfortable?
It's a way of avoiding popping.
It is.
It's a way of avoiding...
And I'm...
See, I'm no longer popping.
But you don't...
You might pop the vertebra in your neck by bending your head back so severely.
Stress the atlas joint until it...
The easel speeds!
The easel speeds!
The popping sound was heard.
The easel speeds!
Well, I...
I do salute you, though, for the inventiveness with which you have approached this problem, which characterizes the overman's typical behavior.
Yes, I saw this on a picture once.
Yes, in all ways.
He did it for you, Dr. Howe.
I know, selflessness.
The bar was poking you in the posterior.
Yes, I know.
The bar was trying to have its way with you.
Well, but fortunately, a noble being saved me from an ignoble fate.
We were...
We were joking over here because it was pointing at you.
It was pointing at you, precariously, waiting to make its own...
You be the...
The...
The...
Instigator of the sound.
You know, if that's all they throw at me, then I'll say, God damn it, it's all right.
That sounds like Winston Churchill to me.
I...
I...
I...
I...
I...
I...
I...

I...

I...
I...
I...
I...
I...
I...
I...
I...
I...
I...
I..
I...
I...
I...
I...

I...

I...

I...
I...

I...
I...

I...

I...
I...
I...
I...
Fly.
Run by the gals.
Flee.
Fly with your hearts and your stars.
Flee, Fiance.
Fly.
Isn't it sex day today?
Sex day.
It is not.
Every day is sex day.
Oh, I guess not.
You haven't been doing your subgenius catechism.
No, but I always have to be like a child.
Don't you remember what our lawgiver laid down?
What is this catechism they're talking about?
It's like a little chat box on the left side of the...
Something you do on...
A chat box?
There's shit in...
Oh, I'm sorry.
You just have to empty that.
Rake through your chat box.
She said chicken, I think.
Take the solid waste out.
Mail it to Bob D.
1,000 tons of solid waste.
Yes, that's true.
The solid waste management company will have something to say about this.
What about the solid waste management team?
I drove past several solid waste management companies in the desert in New Mexico.
You passed them because you did not deign to stop them.
I assumed that that was a euphemism.
You're looking for a graveyard.
Oh, I still manage my solid waste.
I should be lying in the graveyard.
Okay, let's go to the graveyard.
Here we are.
I have to transfer responsibility of my solid waste over to the municipal water department every morning.
I'm covered with dew.
Get out of that municipal water.
That's for everybody to drink.
Oh, at that point it's known as wastewater.
And look at the size of the skeeters they've got out here.
Those things are mutants.
We all pay for ourselves.
It's magically delicious.
Would you stop it with this Irish Lucky Charms thing?
It's driving me mad.
Mad, I tell you.
Okay, I'm sorry.
Which part is it that drives you mad the most, the Lucky Charms or the Irish?
The hammering of the nail.
Oh, okay.
The part about the hearts and stars and horseshoes and clovers.
Yeah, the horses and bolfers.
Dead horse shoes.
On the dead horse.
It's a night of fire.
By Porsche.
And the Porsche kicked him right in the jaw and broke his hip.
He came out from the set, not keeping time to the back.
I hear lions in the back.
So where's Lies?
I thought we were having a reunion here.
He's in that hourglass that the sand is falling down on.
They call him up to wake him up.
Wake up Lies.
He has no right to sleep when the rest of us are awake.
Why don't you call him and wake him up so that he's ready for us when we call?
Because.
I'm not a doctor.
Let's go over to his house.
I'm a mere intern.
Let's go over to his house and take pictures of all his artwork and put it on the internet.
The solid yellow marshmallow shaped like a sandwich is something that Lucky Charms fans.
Shut up about that Lucky Charms.
Damn you, Philo.
I swear I'll kill you.
I'm going to kill you.
The wicked in his pride doth persecute the poor.
I didn't use an Irish accent.
I was just trying to work it in.
I'm not using an Irish accent.
Give me my permission.
I don't have to give an Irishman permission to use an Irish accent.
The wicked boasts death of his heart's desire and blessed for covetousness of the Lord and Paul.
You can abuse the Irishman freely.
They're the only ethnic group that are allowed to be abused in public.
God damn it is a real easy one to cut.
You can turn that into a damn it and nobody will ever know the difference.
But you don't have to have censorship here on this radio show.
There's a Wi-Fi hotspot around here called FBI surveillance band.
Huh?
Now let's not interfere with our friends in the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
You know, Big Brother and Big Sister don't have to do this.
Or our friends at Transportation Security Agency and the National Security Agency now called with perfect coordination the...
What?
Everybody's, you know, trying to get Big Brother and Big Sister.
I want to get Big Brother and Big Sister's attention.
I want to have as many friends on Facebook as I can.
Don't you want to be a Big Brother of America?
I'll be like those people on TV on Superstar Date and dance along.
Everybody just wants to be a star.
I'm going to be famous on Facebook.
I'm going to make Yahoo comments and let them know who they're dealing with.
I just want a Wikipedia entry.
Anybody out there can be my friend if they make a Wikipedia entry.
You don't know who you're dealing with.
Well, they've been making one about you.
But what if it was...
Some ignorant blunderer telling a complete untruth about your great...
You don't know who you're dealing with.
That's the response.
That's where it begins.
I don't.
Listen to the prank call tapes, Dr. Drummond.
You don't know who you're dealing with.
Count how many times you hear that.
When the guy catches on that he's being pranked and he gets mad.
You don't know who you're dealing with.
Yeah.
That's the threat that he makes.
Well, you better solve five then.
Half the Internet is people saying,
you don't know who you're dealing with.
And they flash that giant bowie knife they hold up with the serrations on it.
In real life, that's different.
Then you know who you're dealing with, the dangerous guy with the knife.
When they do that on a prank call or the Internet,
it's just a loudmouth hollering.
Say, pardon me, but you're somewhat mistaken.
I do know who I'm dealing with, a large, angry man with a knife.
Right.
All right.
More or less had to say that a couple of times.
But what are you going to do about it?
That's my question.
In real life, I've had to a couple of times say, oh, I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry that I made you mad.
I do know who I'm dealing with.
And it was a dumb thing for me to say.
I do know who I'm dealing with.
And I know that in life, we are often troubled.
And if I can lift your burden in some way.
Other times I've found that just running works.
Usually I can run faster than drunk bullies.
Let me run.
I'm running for my health.
I used to be able to.
Now I don't know a place for an old man no longer.
I'm sorry for saying that.
Flying around the moon and no attention paid directly matters no more.
Well, now you're being too sad.
It can't be that bad.
You didn't have grandkids beating on you like I did for a day.
Well, uh...
I never know whether I'm really here at the show or just...
Or if you're just a tape recording of it.
Of some previous time you were on the show.
If I'm in the desert or looking at my home movies of the desert or...
I think I'm in the desert now looking at home movies of me on the show and listening to me on the show.
That's what Princess Wee was doing just a little while ago in her car.
She was in the car just laying around in the car in the middle of the night.
Hmm.
Sounds tasty, really.
It sounds like French toast on a stick.
Yeah.
That could be the culinary sensation.
You know, I remember the new...
That was sweet to me.

French toast on a stick shops that are opening up all over town now.
French toast on a stick.
Mmm, yum.
They put one right next to Beard Papa.
In regular or premium?
Have you been to Beard Papa?
Beard Papa?
No, but I've been to Hootie.
Beard Papa National Monument.
Beard Papa is this...
The home of the Beard Papa.
You wonder why it even exists.
It's a cream puff place.
All they sell is cream puffs and fondants.
Oh, isn't that the oldest cream puff factory in Texas?
This looks like some Swedish import.
Oh, now you guys woke up the EO hippest.
I can hear it peeing upstairs.
That's like a racehorse.
On a flat rock.
Like a very small racehorse.
Like on a flat rock, right?
It just splashes everywhere.
Like a cow peeing through a screen.
Going down off the edge of a cliff onto a flat rock.
I never could understand why they had to go through the screen.
That gives it more of a hiss before the splash.
Also, it filters out any impurities before the splash.
You know, it's an old movie sound effect recording technique.
About half the sound effects you hear are that very same sound.
Car racks, everything.
The sound of a cow peeing off a cliff onto a flat rock through a window screen.
So you come into a free prostate biopsy clinic?
I wish you hadn't mentioned that, Dr. Gubrog.
Friend, I'm still hurting from the last...
Well, me too.
You get to be a male of a certain age and if you have health insurance, that gives them license to have their way with you.
It's one more way to pay for health insurance.
Luckily, my family doctor is a skinny little old former hippie woman.
Oh.
She's skinny. Well, she's my age.
That's pretty old.
And she's very, very skinny. Has skinny little fingers.
Oh, that sounds good.

So fun.
So you can take four at once.
Oh!
Princess Wee was in the room during my last examination and afterwards, after I'd been pounding the little table going,
never go to prison, never go to prison, the doctor looks at Princess Wee and says,
he is rather dramatic, isn't he?
Well, I don't...
She was right.
Well...
It helps ease the pain to scream and moan.
It sure does.
It does. It sure does.
So did you have the full procedure or just barely the tickle?
I've had both, actually.
You had the 18 needles?
Well, I've had the one where they puff you up like a balloon and film your insides and carve away a few little polyps and then you stand there expelling a scentless, perfectly clean air while an orderly chit-chats you up.
But you haven't had the 18 needles and the proper procedure?
No.
Oh, that's one to look forward to.
Well, knowing me, I'm sure I'll make the acquaintance of every one of those 18 needles.
I got it.
That's something you can pick up, uh, simple.
My papi has.
Simple success.
See how this show is changing?
It's aged.
It's matured.
And we're stint sitting around talking about our physical ailments.
Well, you are.
Like regular people in their fifties.
I'm trying to work in my patented, my patented 13-year-old.



13 steps to super sexy sales.
Oh, that's right.
Dr. Drummond has been, uh, exercising and his butt is small.
He's slim.
Dr. Drummond's patented 13 steps to super sexy sales success.
We're in direct competition with Dr. Howe's, uh, course on sex and success in real estate.
Yeah, and what about the Dobbs, uh, sex sales slavery?
We actually don't care about the real estate part.
Slave and save.
Convenience store.
This is the show.
This is the show.
This is the show.
We're trying to put, we're going to put the slave and save convenience stores out of business.
Damn you.
Because we do that in the eighth step of our patented 13 steps to super sexy sales success
course.
Oh yeah.
We still have the, we still have the burger God franchise and the beer God franchise.
Right.
That comes up in step number 10.
Oh, what did we decide?
The new, the new log, the slogans for beer God, beer God, killer and beer and then burger
God.
The hunger killer.
The hunger murderer.
Hunger murderer.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Well I usually just eat at the cat Stevens pork shop myself.
We like, uh, I'm feeling kind of thirsty.
Reverend staying.
I need some beer.
God thirst killer.
There it is.
Here it comes now on the guitar.
And the crowd loves it.
They just go wild that throwing roses down on the floor.
And you'll learn all about it.
I'm going to go.










We call that in step number four of Dr. Drummond's patented 13 steps to super sexy sales success.
Oh no, I skipped that one.
You know, Dr. Drummond is, uh, brought out his new patented 13th step this year.
I notice that dramatic music.
There is a Lou Lou.
The last year you know, most of yours is 12 step courses only have 12 steps.
However, Dr. Drummond has managed to work in one more step in his 12-step course.
The banana peel step.
Making it into the first known patented 13-step course.
My God, how can one fall so heavily to the concrete?
Our group has a step zero, and it's really, really fine.
Ah, yes, it's an easy step, though.
That's as far as I ever got.
It's the most rewarding step.
Because you can still do all the bad stuff.
And give yourself a pat on the back.
Yeah, I go to support groups for that.
Where we all sit around and indulge in every temptation.
Well, not every.
Every temptation we can afford or talk somebody into.
Oh, the anal feature support group is usually fun.
It's not that much to brag about.
No, no.
But you can't brag like you can if you have one more step.
That breath is fine.
That represents an 8% step increase in the overall number of steps in your average 12-step program.
Well, one more than zero, that's an infinite increase.
Well, I'm just telling you about real whole numbers.
Ones you can actually touch.
And the 13th step is a magnificent advancement in the 12-step program.
There is no 13th step in this hotel.
You can't know that.
On the staircase.
But you won't know that until you get to the fifth step of the patented 13-step program.
You have to take these steps one mile.
By one.
They can't just be just.
You can't go from step one to step six.
You can't go from step four back to step three.
No man must take one step at a time.
Charging up that curve.
And you're going to feel so good by the time you get to the 12th step.
You're going to say, wow, you know, if I was in some other program right now, I would be at the end of the program.
But I can tell right now that I've got 8% of my program left.
Time to launch into the air.
With the 13th step.
You have to pay extra for this.
You know this 13th step comes free in my program.
The 13th step is absolutely free.
Well, actually, the cost of the 13th step is amortized over the previous 12 steps.
You can actually take the cost of the first step during the one portion of the 13th step itself.
It's amortized across the entire time period of all 13 steps.
That's what makes it cheaper on average.
Your average step is cheaper.
Well, but how much of a price can you put on it?
So you can only charge.
Dr. Howell can only divide his course by 12.
But the zero step one is free.
12 modules of higher and higher advance.
We have a 100% discount on step zero.
Success in sex and real estate.
At first, you need pay absolutely nothing.
That's right.
My first free of 12.
A one quarter value of Dr. Howell.
That was astonishing.
A one quarter value of Dr. Howell.

Course and success in real estate can be yours for this amazing one time offer.
But remember, these are not given away easily.
They are rather rung like drops of blood out of the ragged ropes of the rosary of pain.
Dr. Howell.
Yes, I am here, my child.
I hate to mention this again, Dr. Howell, but your program only has 12 steps.
Well, that's true.
The 12 steps up to the.
Decathlon.
From PR news in Washington, I'm experiencing tear gas pains and also fired paintballs at the Columbia campus of New York Presbyterian Hospital.
An earthquake ravaged Haiti on Wall Street.
Five.
The Labor Department says this is PR.
Estimated losses are in the range of 200 to 300 dollars.
Former President Bill Clinton has two hearts.
Steve Barnes, communication director for the Clinton Foundation, said Mr.
Clinton is on his way.
To PR news in Washington.
Someone is trying to wrap his 13.
Well, yes.
Tell me, please.
I'll answer your question.
What has have you?
What is your question?
Well, what has 12 steps and no reason?
I'm really depressed.
Why?
Why would you be depressed?
I have bipolar.
A bipolar.
A bipolar nature.
Yeah, bipolar illness.
Mental.
Um.
What are the.
Those two two poles?
They're of course, all of us bipolar or not oscillate between the twin poles of pleasure and pain.
But I rather like those poles.
Last hour we have comments from the peanut.
The real experts become pole dancers from Poland.
Or just the author, Frederick.
Paul.
However.
It happens.
The pole dancers from Poland.
Yes, the pole dancers.
You'll learn about those in step nine of the Dr.
Drummond's patented 13 steps to super sexy sales success course.
I don't know why anyone would buy that when my original course in success and sex in real estate is now offering a special extended version, which is entirely digital compatible and has apps.
Apps.
I tell you.
Available at subgenius.com.
If you are.
Available.
At all rocket ride convenience marks.
If you happen to be a little, a little resistant to these.
God.
To the real estate portion.
With macro earthworms, each in his own earth and where earth.
Success and success in real estate.
Dr. Hell, you promised an oil well in step number seven.
You don't have to worry about those messy real estate in Dr. Drummond's patented 13 steps.
No, I worry about another mess.
But the oil and I get along extremely well.
We had real estate up until the fifth step.
And then we decided to shut it off because it wasn't worth anything anymore.
Unreal estates.
When you shoved it into the cold black sky.
You shoved it into the cold bin of destiny.
And look where you are now.
You be stride the earth like a Colossus.
Look at us striding away there.
Yeah.
There's nothing like having the right.
You're playing that stride.
Having the right shoes.
Our strident music is successfully courting us into the future.
That's good.
This music contains encoded signals.
All the depressed callers.
I'll allow you to get a word in it.
Reach your subgenius potential.
Yeah, I remember you.
You know, I'd be willing to waive the usual fee.
Just introduce you personally to my hands on course in success in sex and real estate.
Well, I'm willing to fight the other caller right now.
Can't you calm down?
You excitable fellow.
Calm yourself, please.
I'm not.
Don't worry.
Sir, I implore you.
Pray.
Calm yourself.
Step seven has plenty of hands on work in Dr. Drummond's patent.
Not since 1834.
And that disastrous duel fought at the Evergreen Club.
We lay our hands on everything we can get our hands on.
Dr. Powell, don't you think we should start a charity?
Well, I have started many in my time.
But in a way, I feel like one who was mocked who said that you said you could help others,
but you cannot even help yourself.
That's the kind of charity I think we should start.
One that's going to help others this time.
Other charities have had trouble doing that, but this one is going to be the one that actually
helps others.
Have you forgotten everything Bob taught you?
Sometimes Philo just follows his own slackful path.
You have to follow my logic.
It's not completely revealed yet, but you have to start it.
This is part of my 12 steps, my 13 steps.
I've got 12 modules in my program, as you know, but you have 13 steps, which is interesting.
The same as the number of steps to the scaffold.
I was actually inspired by your 12 step program, Dr. Howell.
Well, you know what they say is the sincerest form of flattery.
And your 12 step program inspired me to create my 13th step, which gives my program 8% more steps than the average 12 step program.
And with this 8% increase in the number of steps, your listeners can now enjoy a full and flashy sex life.
The high stepping ones can.
As well as a better path to sales success, because this is the 13th step to super sexy sales success.
Yes, but you're banking on the weather.
This is my way of helping others.
That's the thing, you're expecting a fair wind.
I'm expecting a fair wind.
Yeah, listen, they're talking about the weather while we're talking about the wind.
That amazing coincidence.
You know, we were talking earlier about the thing, and I noticed that these two turntables are labeled in handwritten ink on the wood.
It's so quaint.
Thing one and thing two.
Yes, there's a tall feline individual who set those up.
After the famous critters in the family hat let loose that terrible day.
Yeah.
Thing one and thing two.
At the WCSB Halloween party, there was a fellow dressed as Thing.
Thing two.
You know, it's the only book that they read anymore, so naturally they are fun.
They spread that horrible stain.
Oh, that horrible stain.
I have now read about ten Dr. Seuss books and recorded them for my grandkids.
They are quite good.
So that my, Princess Wee and I will switch off doing parts.
Like she did Gertrude and blah, blah, blah.
But we made these little CDs so that.
My daughter could go through the pages while Dee-Daw and Wee-Maw read the book to her.
And it's Dr. Seuss, so that's got to be good for any child's.
Now who was that?
Well, you would think.
Dee-Daw.
Dee-Daw, yeah.
Dee-Daw and who's the.
Wee-Maw.
Lee-Maw.
Wee-Maw.
Princess Wee is Wee-Maw.
Wee-Maw.
Because we're grandpas.
And Daw-Doo.
Now, Dee-Daw.
Do you want us to move that out of your way?
We'll have to make noise.
What, that baby talk?
We'll have to make noise to do it, Dr. Seuss.
Don't worry, everything's under control.
Here's the horrible part about all of this.
I thought, well, it's a nice idea, you hear your grandparents reading the Dr. Seuss book
or whatnot.
My ex-wife reads other books.
I only do Dr. Seuss.
Now, not a week after doing my last Dr. Seuss reading, and believe me, I'm not trying to
be Boris Karloff about it.
I walked into a Walmart.
A Walmart.
And they were selling.
I don't know what they were selling.


They were selling children's books.
And on every page, there was a tiny recorder and a tiny playback unit.
So that the idea was a parent would only have to read the book to the kid once.
You'd read it once and each, the first, you'd push go, read the first page, push go on the
second page and read it.
And then from then on, the kid, it was like an electronic babysitter book.
You read the book to your kid without having to be there.
Man.
But the kid wants you to be there more than he wants anything else.
Pretty soon, you can just throw the module at your kid when they want you to read and
you just go off somewhere else.
Well, that's a type of Pavlovian training, a nightmare condition from a totalitarian
state.
Yeah, and it's in every homes, in every homes, in every homes, in every homes, in every
homes, in every homes, in every homes, in every homes, in every homes, in every homes,
in every homes.
And thanks to Hustling Evidence.
Say, say.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Welcome.
Dr. Howell.
He's not here.
You're welcome.
Dr. Philo Drummond.
You're welcome.
For the garage space.
You're welcome.
And Dr. Sinister and all the poor, poor callers who included Gary Grogfran at one point.
So we should just keep talking at this point, right?
Well, I'll have to cut all of this out.
Screw all those edits, all the work you stayed up all night doing.
Screw that.
Let's just talk about the cool stuff and be how cool we are.
Did I say subgenius.com?
Not at all.
If you need more information about this show or any of the other shows or the Church of
the Subgenius, you may look at it.

It's subgenius.com.
You can also write to Subgenius Foundation, post office box 181-417, Cleveland Heights,
Ohio 44118.
It only took me like three years to unlearn the old Dallas number.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And now no one remembers it at all.
If they remember anything, they're doing better than me.
What was I saying?
Finding the old books.
What was I just saying?
It was about how do you do it wrong?
Anyway, I'm really on my way home.








And we're not really still sitting here in Philo's garage.
I heard you a voice on the radio.
You're staying.
Of course you know me.
You were sent here to kill me.
