acquired a new headquarters here in cleveland and i'm too busy dealing with that to edit
a show out of all the tapes from the amsterdam subgenius church field trip that we just got back
from and that means you lucky stiff that this show is given over to the loose but ever stiffening
suzy the floozy and this show is therefore a digital replay of bob's slack time funhouse
episode specifically number
350 she's done 350 shows and this is hour of slack number 779
this particular masterpiece of collage editing and ranting by the beautiful suzy the floozy
is an unusual up america episode we might say a patriotic episode friends produced by reverend
suzy the floozy
at the marvelous studios of w-r-e-k atlanta atlanta's only decent and patriotic radio station
this music in the background is einstein's secret orchestra with ron slave
recorded at winterstar and now let us go into the world of suzy the floozy
my friend the bible says in psalm 9 verse 17 the wicked shall be turned into hell and all the
nations who forget god we are coming to an era in america of singular my friend there's so much
sin degradation licentiousness loot that's going on in our nation that if god does not just have a good time with you
I love you.
In educating and training the youth.
In understanding and appreciation of the duties of citizenship.
Our children can learn how our forefathers established the government, the constitution, the two-party system of America.
Today the children can learn from television how the candidates for president and vice president are nominated.
So we the people have the privilege of voting.
It assumes that all normal or mature human beings who are affected by the decisions of government and the institutions of a society should have a voice and a vote and therefore some power in determining them, in conserving them or transforming them.
Power! The nation needs power to grow!
The nation needs inventions to harness it!
It needs that power! Power to get us where we're going, folks!
Just exactly where did you say we're going?
Didn't say, didn't say. Just move along right this way, folks. Move along.
Don't you worry about a thing. Hurry, hurry to the greatest life on earth!
Consequently, I don't need to tell you, it's in the south where the great test has come and will come.
Any southerner who had taken part in the war was stripped of his vote.
Heavy enough to scare me right off the couch, Bob. I'll jump right up and get on it.
I'm a ballot dropped in a box.
May God grant me the wisdom, the integrity, the courage and the strength...
...to keep myself.
...this historic decision which has caused such chaos and courage and violence.
Just before Christmas, a friend telephoned me this morning from Texas.
When there is a national crisis, the federal government in Washington can easily forget the special problems of...
...one part of the country or another when it's drafting an emergency law.
The place was Palm Beach, Florida.
The time was the 11th of December, a brilliant, clear, hot Sunday.
At 10 minutes to 10 that morning, a car that was being driven along one of the oceanfront boulevards...
...slowed down and parked...
There was nothing against any citizens parking his car on that street and walking across the road...
...to look at the high hedge of trees and to gaze up the long driveway.
Even so, you would not have gazed or lighted for long.
Because at the entrance to the driveway stood two men whose white buttons in their lapels...
...one hand in a pocket in the habit of rolling on the balls of their feet...
...instantly gave them away as members of the Secret Service...
...assigned to the President and his family by law the moment his election seemed sure.
However, the nub of the story is that on that Sunday morning...
...the car that drove along the Palm Beach Boulevard and parked opposite the President's house...
...had a car.

And nobody at the wheel.
Pray for our country. Pray for this college.
Pray for us that we may be able of these last days...
The dog's in the plane with a ring!
...so it goes on to the memory of its humiliation as a dog remembers its beating.
Well, class, the history of our country has been changed again.
America was now discovered in 1942 by...
...some guy.
And our country isn't called America anymore.
It's...
...bonerland.
Our democratic world and its legacy of ideas are under constant attack and criticism.
It is being challenged to justify itself.
And to such a challenge, we cannot merely reply,
Everyone knows it is good.
Our world faces not only the challenge of those who are opposed to it and who would destroy it.
We are blind, roping in the darkness of the future instead of illuminating it.
When we seek to describe our political ideal is democracy.
Often it rises no higher than our lips.
If it reaches our minds, it will rise even higher.
If it gets out of our mind, the term democracy raises as many problems as it answers.
For after all, those who are determined to destroy the American way of life call themselves
democrats too...
...and the system into which they would replace it a democracy.
How do we distinguish between our democracy and theirs?
Between a democracy to which we give our reflective loyalty...
...and a new democracy, organic democracy, guided democracy, higher democracy, socialist democracy...
And here's another thing.
The Secret Service has noticed over the years
that a man is never in greater danger than when he's just been elected
and is still president-elect.
The theory is that when a new leader is crowned
and his inauguration is inevitable,
this fact is itself a mockery of the maniac's urge to have the people reject him.
There is no king in America,
and so we need to wake up because people are doing that which is right in their own eyes.
The basic sense of freedom in our society is freedom of choice.
Freedom to choose who shall govern us
and the freedom to dismiss or replace our governors if they do not suit us.
In ancient Rome, there was a poem
about a dog who found two bones.
He picked the one, he licked the other,
and when it stuck, it peed itself dead.
Freedom of choice.
What you've got.
Freedom of choice.
Freedom of choice.
Freedom of choice.
Is what you've got.
Freedom of choice.
He's right.
You crooks in Washington have put a sock in it.
Do you can see, you can see,
but you can't silence.
Call your magnates.
Call your magazine.
Tell the people.
Don't let the government push you around.
You have a choice.
Fight back.
Well, that's very concise,
but it's an insult to everything I suffered for.
Now take a seat, Junior.
Listen to someone who gave their youth in service of their country.
Damn it.
Hey, what are you looking at me for?
Do I have a line here or something?
What I was wanting her to do is to keep on.
I could have asked her not to use profanity.
I could have asked her not to use anything,
but I didn't want to ask her not to.
Let her go.
Let her go.
Let her utilize her freedom,
because that's what America has given people.
Freedom of speech, freedom of worship,
freedom of religion, freedom of press.
But let me tell you one thing.
God didn't allow Americans to give us freedom
to take away the freedom that other people have as freedoms.
And let her do what she pleases,
but I don't want her to please herself
by taking away mine and your freedom,
because mine and your freedom are just as valuable to us
as her freedom is to her.
And the only reason she got done what she got done in the 60s
is she was a minority in the 60s,
but she became a majority
because the majority didn't know what the minority was doing.
And I found out the best way to make a minority
not do what they want to do
is to wake up the majority.
And when the majority are in the 60s,
when Americans are waking,
they don't want a minority to do anything
that's wrong and against what the majority
want to have made right and kept right in America.
Hey, man, you better not be pointing that finger at me.
I don't even know what the hell you said.
I'm just watching the fireworks like everybody else.
Sometimes a devil works an atheistic, agnostic,
anti-God, anti-church, anti-Bible people.
And if I've ever met anyone
the devil works in and through,
he works in and through
his number one responsibility.
I'm not just a guy who's got a recruiting office in America.
America's most hated woman.
And she even enjoys being called that.
Whoa!
Hey, that's pretty good.
This woman is a brilliant, brilliant,
minded woman
with such a dumb, dumb outlook on life.
Hey, I may be dumb,
but I'm half as stupid
as what I'm seeing on TV.
Ooh, another news report.
This was decided
on the basis of the appeal.
The judges read over
the Constitution and take some phrase like
the equal protection of the law
or the right of the people to be secure in their persons
and then they apply it to the case before them.
Now, the judges are mortal men
and they bend and fit the phrases written in 1787
to rule on everything from the price of vegetables
to the threats of a street corner rabble-rouser.
The Supreme Court has been called
the most remarkable judicial body in the world
and it had better be.
When it correctly senses
the general direction of public opinion
or what has been called
the moral climate of the time,
the United States is a well-governed country.
Well, you got this big-haired floozy
coming down the, the, the Supreme Court steps.
Ah!
The American nation is in trouble.
As indeed, it is now.
Shh!
Sandra Day O'Connor has just appeared on the steps.
Uh, is, is, this thing on?
Can you hear me in the back there?
Okay, it is the...
the verdict of the Supreme Court
that in view of the closeness
of the tallies of, of the votes
so far counted in the Florida race,
it is the verdict of this court
that because of the closeness
of the figures, the,
the will of the people would best
seemingly be served if
both candidates became president together.
Thank you.
Thank you.
No, no, no questions.
No questions.
I wasn't asking...
The theme of this year's inaugural is
We the People, an American Celebration.
This is the inaugural heritage.
Let us also make this inaugural day
a day of prayer.
Events around the globe remind us
how lucky we are to live in a country
that has a tradition of
quarterly transition of political authority.
On Inauguration Day,
we all stand together as Americans.
With this historic pageant,
we celebrate the spirit of America.
We look back with thanks for the many blessings
we enjoy as a nation
and forward to the sense of opportunity
and progress, rededicating ourselves
to building a free, more prosperous America
for generations to come.
God bless you and God bless America.
Oh, God, this is politics the way I love it.
Oh, yeah, I always imagined
wouldn't it be wonderful if both sides could lose?
But here I got my wish.
Oh, jeez.
Just a minute, just a minute.
What fresh hell is this?
Oh, damn.
Hello?
Yes, this is Reverend Susie the Floozy.
Who wants to know?
Ah, doll!
Yes, sir!
Standing at attention, sir.
Yes, sir, I'm doing a show right now.
And in one short hour,
I assure you that thanks to my efforts
chipping away at the foundations of this country,
our mad dreams of global conquest will be realized.
What?
No!
When did this get changed?
I thought I knew the church's agenda.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, sir, I'm so sorry I missed that meeting.
Yes, the collapse of America
would be quite the sticky wicket in your plans, sir.
I didn't realize the church owned so much of this country.
Yes, sir, yes, sir.
I assure you I will not liquidate your assets
until I get word from Control, but...
But that leaves me hanging for tonight's show.
Oh.
Oh, no, I...
I couldn't possibly do that.
A pro-America show?
Ah.
Well, actually, I have kind of blown my wad on this part, now.
And I do have a pretty good rerun that I could spring on them and...
It's not like they know what's going on, right?
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Oh, you and me both, sir.
Yes, sir.
No, sir.
No.
Yes.
No.
No.
Yeah.
Oh, yes.
Oh, oh, oh, no, no, oh, oh, oh, no!
Oh, I hate this job.
And I was tired of sitting around and thanking God for our freedoms that we have in America
and have one woman with her group going around plucking away the foundation of this nation
under God.
And I no longer sat back and said, let her do what she wants to do.
I'm going to stay in the closet and pray.
I got out of the closet, moved into the living room.
I got the lead out and let the Lord in and started moving in there like a man of God
is supposed to move.
Oh, my God.












Oh, just put a cork in it.
Let me see if I can tune in this old Americana show.
Oh, yes.
You know, I've been doing this show for quite some time now.
I've been saying and playing some pretty outrageous things.
And, you know, I guess I've been taking that right for granted.
Well, the other day, I got to thinking about how lucky I was that I live in a great country
like the United States of America.
Because in any other country, I'm not going to be able to do that.








I'm going to need to make a good decision.
And in any other country, I would have been dragged out into the streets and clubbed like
a baby seal a long time ago.
So I just wanted to take this opportunity to pause a second and reflect on the values
of this great country of ours, a country that is tolerant enough to just snort and grumble
and turn the other way when a frightening little bimbo like me takes to our nation's
airwaves just to have Thanksgiving and the Fourth of July all rolled into one.
And just in time, I get to be like, wow, this is a bit of a surprise.



and Miss President's Day, too.
Because America is too big to ignore.
When I look out across this great land,
I can only see a little bit of it,
so it must be really, really big.
I mean, America is even bigger than Texas.
Yes, yes, in America, size does matter.
And tonight, I've got a real American-sized show
that will hog the highway like a Buick Roadmaster.
So in honor of the country that gave us Uncle Sam's cereal,
a natural laxative,
I dedicate tonight's special Americana Spectacular.
Copyright 1977.
97.
97.
97.
97.
97.
97.
It's a vacuum of the soul.
A void into which millions of Americans are pouring alcohol, drugs, illicit sex, and religious occultism.
Our youth are perishing in an orgy, a quest.
They want the older generation to tell it like it is.
They have questions they're asking, the ultimate questions of life.
Why am I here?
Where did I come from? Where am I going? What's the meaning of life?
Stay away from mindy places.
And value the ability to make your mind a blank.
That's what gave America the urge and surge of the age of the past.
But my friends, let us be very, very careful that our very virtues, our good Christian virtues,
render us vulnerable to the enemy today.
Because as you know, we are up against the greatest crowd of cheats,
rogues, blackguards, liars, backstabbers, blackmailers this world has ever known.
And as my friend, Hubert says, masters of deceit,
we're up against an enemy who believes that might is right,
that the end justifies the means,
that the only language they understand is the language of force and strength.
Everything that we hold sacred and dear,
everything that we fight to instill,
to our children and our fathers instilled into us,
the enemy holds despised.
We're here to take you on a journey
through one of the most incredible countries on earth,
the United States of America.
And you know, it's my home.
America!
The land where dreams can come true.
America!
It was founded on God.
America!
America!
Gave us apple pie and hot dogs.
America!
Where we can work, think,
love, pray,
speak, disagree,
all without fear.
America!
Land of opportunity for everyone.
America!
The home of the red, white, and blue.
America!
It's the land of the free.
America!
It's all kinds of people.
America!
America!
It's my home.
America!

If any of you are still searching for a good reason
why you're being called to pray for America,
listen to Pat Burns.
And of course, my story can be multiplied
millions and millions of times.
I know that in America,
there are people whose dreams haven't come true.
But there's the opportunity here
that they can.
So the great American dream has become a hideous American nightmare.
Divorce rates in the U.S. are now the highest in the world.
Five out of nine marriages, 55%, end in divorce.
Abortion was legalized in 1970.
During that year, 193,000 abortions were performed.
In 1979, there were over 1,300,000 abortions.
70,000 teachers are attacked each year in public schools.
And families cost the taxpayers $500 million every year.
There are 1,200 new alcoholics every day.
1,300,000 young people between 12 and 17 years of age.
have a serious drinking problem.
It is estimated that 43 million Americans have experimented with marijuana.
10 million U.S. citizens have tried cocaine.
In 1960, there were 55,000 heroin addicts in America.
Now there are over 500,000.
In the past 10 years, violent crimes have increased 174% in America.
In the last 10 years, the number of drug addicts has increased by over 1,000.



At their conference in Chicago, the National Lesbian Leaders
called for 500,000 test-tube babies to lesbian mothers over the next four years.
Thank goodness my eyes are still clear enough to see miracles.
An America full of miracles.
And never you forget that.
That this is the land where miraculous things can happen to a man as in no other land.
A nation laden with sins.
Verse 5.
3. A nation which hath glorified herself and lived deliciously.
Verse 5.

That's us.
We spend $173 billion annually for food, alcohol, tobacco, recreation, and gambling.
This is living high.
Unbelonged.
Well, it will not last forever.
America's decapitation and destruction may come in jet-speed fashion.
That is what the communist is trying to do today.
He's trying to make us forget.
Now, my friends, resolution 2 is this.
That we stop downgrading the United States.
We stop considering how well or how badly we stand in the eyes of neutrals.
We stop apologizing for America.
Because I've traveled the world.
I've seen a good deal in my lifetime.
And I'm convinced that we have nothing to lose.
Nothing really to apologize to as a people.
All things being relative.
I think instead we should feel proud.
Desperately proud.
That it is this young republic of ours.
This child of our nation.
That is today the arsenal of democracy.
And has for many years been.
We are the safe depository of the vital deeds of human dignity and freedom.
We are the only nation on the face of the earth.
And in the history of mankind.
That has ever.
Has not only taxed itself voluntarily to help its former friends.
But taxed itself to put back into business its old enemies.
This is the only land.
A failed.
To face people on the face of the earth today.
That has never had any taste.
Of colonialism.
This is the only land that I see as the most founded land on the earth.
This is the land of opportunity.
This is the land of heart and mind.
That's what America is.
What is an American anyway?
Well.
He yells for the government to balance the budget.
Then takes his last dime to make him a down payment on his car.
He whips the enemy nations.
Then gives them the shirt off his back.
He yells for speed laws.
And stop fast driving.
And then won't buy a car unless it'll make a hundred miles an hour.
He gets scared to death if we vote a billion dollars for education.
But he's cool as a cucumber when he finds out we're spending three billion dollars a year on tobacco.
He gripes about the high price of the things he has to buy.
Gripes still more about the low price of things he has to buy.
Gripes still more about the low price of the things he has to sell.
He'll get mad at his wife for not running their home with the efficiency of a hotel.
Then get mad at the hotel for not operating like a home.
He'll spend half a day looking for vitamin pills to make him live longer.
Then drive ninety miles an hour on slick pavement to make up for time lost.
He'll fall out with his wife over her cooking.
Then go on a fishing trip and swallow half fried potatoes, burnt fish, and gritty creek water coffee.
Made with a little bit of sugar.
Then eat in a rusty bucket and think it's good.
He'll work hard on the farm so he can move into town so he can make money so he can move back on the farm.
He's the only fellow in the world who'll pay fifty cents to Park while he eats a twenty-five cent sandwich.
He likes to cuss his government but gets fightin' mad if somebody else does it.
We're the folks that have more food to eat than any other place in the world.
And more dives to keep us from eatin' it.
We're the most ambitious people in the world.
We run from morning till night to keep our earning power up with our yearning power.
We're supposed to be the most Christian nation on earth but still can't deliver a payroll without an arm of God.
But we're pretty nice folks.
Calling a citizen of the United States a real American is the best compliment you can pay him.
I believe God's smile will support America because there's more humbling Christians.
We made another discovery.
We discovered that we really didn't need God after all.
Times of repentance, fasting and prayer, reliance on an almighty God like our forefathers.
You've gotta be kidding.
God? Who needs you?
It says save for a remnant.
You would have been a Sodom and Gomorrah.
I come back to that same scripture saying there's a remnant still in America.
That's still bloody good.

They're still under the blood. They're still living for Jesus. They're still right with God.
What a blessing that has come to this sixth thing.
The friends of America.
Oh, I like that. I'm glad we got some friends.
I believe the best folks in this country are Christians, don't you?
And I believe every funny little Christian's a friend of America.
And I don't think you gotta agree with that.
I don't believe in everything in this land.
The USA alone meets the requirements.
She seems to be the political Babylon of the hour.
Millions of Americans have lustily echoed this refrain and petition down through the annals of our history.
Is decline already visible in America?
Definitely.
We, like other civilizations, allowed atheists, agnostics, skeptics, and weirdos to set our standards.
PhDs told our college students that there was no creation by an almighty God.
Instead, a lot of monkey business took place.
These irresponsible, irreligious, God-deniers never found the missing link of their evolutionary hypothesis
and never scientifically proved their allegations.
America has never been in such a state of degradation and hopelessness.
Truly, America is laden or loaded with iniquity.
The pollution inundating our land centers around one.
Drunkenness, or culturally identified as alcoholism.
Ten billion inebriates drink themselves into insensibility on a continual basis
while millions more spend billions on booze.
And two. Drug addiction, which mars and scars another ten million in our nation.
Three. Tobacco, which pollutes both lungs and land to the tune of ten billion dollars per year.
Four. Gamma, which robs needy millions through governmental control lotteries
and mafia-dominated casinos to the amount of sixty billion dollars each year.
Five. Prostitution and pimping, which spreads disease and shame to nine million Americans.
Six. Homosexuality, which seeks to arrogantly, egotistically, blatantly, and publicly boast about its perverted membership.
In anger, they desire to come out of the closet.
Well, the closet is a good place to practice sex!
It's good enough for the married and the privacy of the closet.
Why should homos receive special privileges to proclaim their perversity?
We will not have to at all.
She will fall into our hands like overripe fruit.
The plan is presently in its final stages.
In spite of it, Americans are so duped and deceived that tomorrow's concentration camps will be destroyed.


The information could ruin one's pleasurable pursuits.
It could affect one's golf score, batting average, or amusement schedule.
The rotted overripe fruit, the symbol of leisure mad Americans, is beginning to fall, and the end may be imminent.
Today, a devastating atomic attack could obliterate everything a nation took two centuries to build in one hour's time.
If God has America in mind, and it certainly looks that way, then what?
Are you prepared for the judgment that may soon hit our nation like a bowl of lightning?
The country's in the very best of hands.
The country's in the very best of hands.
The best of hands.
The best of hands.
Thus do the members of the Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States
accent the positive and rebuff the frowsy, self-praised revolutionists
who are determined to defy all law and order, strangle America,
and then deliver freedom's corpse to their communist grandfathers
who long have boasted,
We will bury you.
There are those, a minority, but still too many,
who would like to place the American system on trial.
America, what's happened to the parenthood of this nation?
Let's come to the fifth thing about America I showed you first.
The founders, the freedoms, the fruit, the polish, has come to the foes of America.
We got enemies, friends. They want to tear us down.
We got enemies. They'll work it night and day against this nation.
They hate that statue. They hate that old flag.
The defilement of the nation has reached such lascivious stages
that 30,000 Los Angeles children have been used for kiddie pornography,
according to the Associated Press.
I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America
and to the republic for which it stands, one nation, under God, indivisible,
with liberty and justice for all.
Fire!

Death on the highway, a pack a day, cheating from the top to the bottom in society.
Get rich quick, break up the family, altering and foreign policies, reckless debt.
These have destroyed nations before us.
Well, despite all hatreds tried to do, the fears of a hopeless situation confronts America,
because judgment is coming upon all nations.
In America today, one-fourth of the people are living off of the income.

The other three-fourths, completely or partially.
Of course, how can this nation ever forget the start of today's parade
as the Ellenborough Float made its way down Pennsylvania Avenue?
Barbara, I know for you there were many moving moments.
You were part of the alliteration.
Perhaps you'd care to describe one or two of them to our viewers.
Well, the strangling of the bald eagle was it for me.
It was thrilling, and of course the effigy burning.
And now here's a contingent of our heroic POWs,
many of whom spent years in prison in Hanoi, California,

courageously resisting the persistent efforts of their North Vietnamese captors
to brainwash them into thinking that the United States is run by a tiny clique of criminals
dominated by powerful business interests,
bankrolled by huge monopolistic corporations,
and working hand-in-glove with the CIA in a campaign of intrigue at home and abroad.
Jesus, why do they bother?
Oh, I don't know, Barbara.
Let us stop this character assassination which disunifies us.
Let us stop running the country down.
What we need is a Patriot Party, a Booster Party,
an American First Party.
I hear people talking bad about the way they have to live here in this country
Harping on the wars we fight, griping about the way things ought to be
I don't mind them switching sides and standing up for things that they believe in
But when they're running down our country,
man, they're walking on the fighting side of me
They're walking on the fighting side of me
Running down a way of life by fighting men I fought and died to keep
If you don't love it, leave it, let the song that I'm singing be won
When you're running down our country, hoss, you're walking on the fighting side of me
Hey, Jeannie C. Reilly, your singing and your country both suck!
Ha ha, microphone, Earl!
I read about some squirrely guy who claims that he just don't believe in fighting
I wonder just how long the rest of us can count on being free
They love our milk and honey and we love our food and drink, but they don't care about us.
And yet they preach about some other way of living
And when they're running down our country, man, they're walking on the fighting side of me
They're walking on the fighting side of me
Running down a way of life by fighting men I fought and died to keep
If you don't love it, leave it, let the song that I'm singing be won
When you're running down our country, hoss, you're walking on the fighting side of me
The Congress, the presidency, the flag, the home, the educational system, and even the church!
But we are here to say with loud voices that in spite of their faults and failures, we believe in these institutions.
America needs to sing again!
America needs to celebrate again!
America needs to wave the flag again!
Problems cannot be solved, he said, by waving the American flag.
In simple eloquence, that sums up the spirit of Honor America Day and of what you're about to hear.
First, the voice of Pat Boone.
Friends, this song was written at a crossroads time, a time of crisis in our nation's history.
For over 150 years, it's helped unite Americans.
For over 150 years, it's helped unite Americans.
As we stand today at a crossroads and in a crisis time, let's all sing this song with love and conviction.
Oh, say can you see
By the dawn's early light
Oh, wow!
What so proudly we hailed
By the twilight's last gleaming
By the dawn's early light
Oh, say can you see
By the dawn's early light
What so proudly we hailed
By the dawn's early light
What so proudly we hailed
By the dawn's early light
What so proudly we hailed
By the twilight's last gleaming
What so proudly we hailed
By the dawn's early light
What so proudly we hailed
By the dawn's early light
occasion and so we felt that tonight we should at least clear up this problem so that it's not
just a humorous interview it can be effective for dancing and so forth we're going to play
the stars and stripes forever
oh hey clues at this point you better wake up and turn the tape over
oh yeah that's right oh yeah the guy that plays stars and stripes forever on his hands not his
armpits mind you his hands he was right on the crack of the old show and yeah maybe i put a
background music on him i shouldn't have but that's what these retrospectives are all about
and yeah once i start
going on in my next rant you're going to be able to tell that this was done back in 1997
yeah i think i said 1979 or something i don't know it's 97 it was a year and a half before
before x day
but enough about lost hopes
we're going to play the stars and stripes
forever
all right
um
um
all right
all right
all right
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you for that quality entertainment.
Entertainment on WREK Atlanta.
Woo.
First thing on my list of things to do
is to separate their church from our state with a crowbar.
Hoo.
Oh, but let's explore our great American heritage, seekers.
Although it might bore you to tears,
I was born with a different perspective
thanks to the fact that my mother was a British citizen all of her life.
Having a mother who had to work for me
and who registers an alien every year
kind of does things terribly.
Some genius things.
And it gave me a unique outsider's eye view of everything around me.
Oh, I don't think you full-fledged Americans
really appreciate what you've got going for you here.
Look at it this way.
If my mom had stayed in Wales,
today, March 1st,
I would be celebrating St. David's Day
by walking around all day long,
with a leak pinned to my lapel.
That's right, a leak.
Those big, smelly onion things
that produce violent intestinal gases when consumed.
I mean, what kind of a sorry, suck-ass tradition is that?
Oh, don't ask me why they do it,
but escaping a national heritage like that
makes me breathe a big sigh of relief.
Thankfully, I'm tainted with the infernal reek of onion.
Oh, but you Americans,
have quaint, charming customs.
Well, such as a recent three-day weekend
when you celebrated the Siamese births of George Washington,
the inventor of the one-dollar bill,
and Abe Lincoln, the, uh, Lincoln Logs heiress or whatever.
Oh, you Yanks really have it made.
I mean, you had cool presidents like Jack Kennedy.
Look what the Brits are stuck with.
Oh, God, don't get me started on the royal family.
Oh, yes.
National pride, just short of fascism, of course,
is a nice thing.
But there's a right way and a wrong way to go about it.
If Americanism falls into the hands of the wrong people,
it's frightening.
On one end of the spectrum,
you have the religio-malicious right
and the rest of all those star-spangled boners.
Oh, but on the other end,
you wind up with things like,
that Omega glory episode of Star Trek.
La lista.
Ooh.
Oh, everybody's missing the point.
It's not just rabid, mindless jingoism
peppered with awkward catchphrases.
The Church of the Subgenius is walking that alley
and we sure don't want the competition.
Oh, but, hell,
even I don't know what the point is.
I just know what I think.
I think.
And, well, yeah, I think it's time for the subgeniuses
to take back America,
to enjoy it as fully as we can
in this short year and a half left to us.
Oh, and some of the inbred right-wing pinks around here
just ain't getting with the program.
Oh, this latest rash of bombings and killings
in our local mutant-friendly community
is really starting to piss me off.
Oh, and it's...
It's not that the flues is turning into an old softie.
All of them are to me, why?
It's...
It's just that I don't want anything
stealing the thunder from the exes
when they come roaring through this transphere.
I want them to have as pristine and tranquil a planet
as possible to trash.
Keith Moon didn't work with messed-up hotel rooms.
I want this planet kept so clean that you could eat off it,
which is exactly what we'll be doing,
come 1998.
Oh, but until then,
let's give the exes' hordes a nice, clean canvas
to work with, okay?
Well, now, let's just take a peek
at the rich tapestry of the Earth's history,
shall we, Seekers?
We often manage to forget just what started the whole thing,
I think.
I don't know.
I don't know.







I don't know.
And the real significance of July 4th.
Any red-blooded flag-feeding American would love
the M3 20.
Celebrate the independence of your nation
by blowing up a small part of it.
All right.
Wake up, America.
Why, I remember when 13 states was all I had to my name.
I want to give you seven things about America,
and this is called in country they matched,
the founders of America.
But if you know the founders of Israel
were not a bunch of lazy, good-for-nothing,
woodwork-out people.
The founders of this country
wasn't a bunch of rebels
and a bunch of subversives
trying to turn down everything.
They came to the place
where they could serve God and have liberty.
And they came in three words.
In what we just said,
they knelt down in the snow.
We hold these truths to be self-evident.
We hold these truths to be self-evident.
We hold these truths to be self-evident.
That all men are created equal.
That all men are created equal.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Hey, hey, hey.
Look, everybody.
John Hancock's writing his name in the snow.
As our founding fathers left us something,
we're to leave something for the next generation.
But we're leaving something for somebody
that will follow in our footsteps.
Stand right here, adventurer,
and keep a sharp eye.
Tell Paul Revere the signal is two if by sea.
Hey, father,
you're right, adventurer.
I see it.
The British are coming by sea.
My trusty horse is saddled and ready to ride.
Hop up here on my horse behind me.
Hop up, adventurer.
I need you to help me warn the countryside.
We'll ride the route to Lexington.
Get up there.
Hang on, adventurer,
and do everything that Paul Revere says.
And first stop will be at the house on Cobble Hill.
The man who lives there is ready to fight at a minute's notice.
That's why he's called a minute man.
And as soon as we get forward,
you jump down on the horse,
run up,
and pound on the door.
And when somebody answers,
yell out good and loud,
the British are coming.
Then come right back up on the horse,
and we'll be off again.
Do you understand that, adventurer?
Oh, sure.
Here's the house on Cobble Hill.
Get ready to jump off.
Jump.
Ow!
Oh, damn!
What's the matter down there?
Sarah, hand me the rifle.
Thank you for warning me.
Right on, adventurer.
God bless Vespucci land.
Oh, by the way,
Domini, Domini, Domini,
you're all Catholics now.
God bless you.
Oh, Father,
nobody in the world
has a right mind
to believe in this thing you tell us.
Come on, Cisco.
1796.
A fiercely determined band of pioneers
leaves Maryland
after misinterpreting
a passage in the Bible.
Their destination,
New Sodom.
My fellow settlers,
we stand here
at the edge of civilization
on the banks of the Mississippi River,
looking west
at our destiny.
What may appear
to the faint-hearted,
as a limitless expanse
of God-forsaken wilderness,
is in reality
a golden opportunity
for humble,
God-fearing people
like ourselves
and our families
and our children
and the generations
a-comin'
to carve a new life
out of the American Indian.
Welcome, white brother.
Engines!
Pull the wagons
up into a circle!
Why do you always do that?
We get better reception
that way.
Do you mind if I put this antenna
up on yonder peak?
That's our sacred mountain.
This is our sacred antenna.
It's shaped like a cross,
made out of aluminum.
Got any aluminum?
We've still got some corn left.
Hey, corn!
Now we can make whiskey!
We've been waiting
hundreds of years for this!
Invented at Tom Collins.
Here, engine,
you want some fire water?
No.
We were warned by our elders
not to drink anything
that would make us weak or silly.
Put it in their well.
That's not a well.
It's the eye
of the Holy Serpent Mound
on which you're standing.
It's a butte.
No, it's a mound.
And right pretty, too.
Can you move it?
But why?
Railroad's coming through.
Right now.
Civilization!
Help!
This is a line of Indians
leaving Rancho Malario
to make room for you.
Here's the beautiful
Trail of Tears golf course.
You all may have heard
how the Pilgrims landed
at Plymouth Rock.
You heard how the Pilgrims
pushed west to New Jersey.
Heard about the pioneers
who pushed south
to Miami Beach.
Well, this is a story
about Isaiah Smith,
the pioneer that led
a small band of settlers,
but unlike others,
he didn't push anyplace.
He just kind of stumbled
across the plains
and founded a town.
And when they got there,
the settlers asked,
where are we?
And Isaiah answered,
huh?
And so, huh?
USA was born.
And then the settlers asked,
Isaiah,
is there any Indians
around here?
And Isaiah answered,
nope.
He was a man of few words.
He was right.
There wasn't a single Indian there.
They were all married
and had children.
On May 21, 1864,
the men of the 9th
Bearded Infantry
were sunning
and fluffing their beards
in the sun.
Suddenly,
enemy troops
crested that hill
over there.
Fort Springfield,
we surrender
unconditionally.
We're sick.
We need leeches
and hacksaws
to saw off
our gangrenous limbs.
But the Springfield Brigade
was too brave
to accept
and surrender.
Come on, boys.
Those white flags
are no match
for our muskets.
Charge!
And the Springfielders
heroically slaughtered
their enemies
as they prayed
for mercy.
We begin with a tribute
to our lesser-known presidents.
We are the
younger presidents.
You won't find our faces
in the light.
Boys or insects.
There's Taylor.
There's Tyler.
There's Gilmore.
And there's Hayes.
There's William Henry Harrison.
I died in 30 days.
We are the adequate,
forgettable,
occasionally regrettable.
Can't take your presidents
off the U.S.A.
Hey!
Boom.
Boom.
Boom.
Boom.









Check out this president.
Oh, you're not a butt.
But do you want to play
John Wilkes Booth
or do you want to act
like a maniac?
I'll be good.
To the illusion.
To the plurality.
To the plurality.
To which it stands.
To which it stands.
One species.
One species.
One nation.
One nation.
In denial.
In denial.
With error.
With error.
And excess.
And excess.
By all.
By all.
Now lift your hand
and go,
that's the way you want it.
And that's the way you want it.
And none of us.
And none of us.
I'm kidding.
You're all in the church.
I'll be.
Once upon a time
people cared about being free.
Turned from the establishment
to keep loving all of me.
But,
we lost our revolution.
Guess it wasn't meant to be.
We never burnt down the system.
Good thing,
because the system's been good to me.
The only peace I care about, man,
is my peace of American power.
The only protest I'll ever make
is if I don't give my hand.
Don't care much for politics.
Not even,
being free,
don't wanna make more.
Our love,
just money.
Ten or fifteen years ago,
we fought with the pigs.
And now they're called policemen.
They protect all our lost things.
Like our dear friend,
Homer Cuthbert,
another Richard Mann I know.
Saying you can't take it with you,
better get it before you go.
The only peace I care about, man,
is my peace of American power.
The only protest I'll ever make
is if I don't give my hand.
Don't care much for politics.
Not even,
being free,
don't wanna make more.
Our love,
just money.
Geez,
I'm so tired of this.




Geez, you know, now that I look at it,
it looks like our founding fathers were really just a bunch of slave diddling fat cats.
Yeah, much like the politicians of today, now that I think of it.
Hmm.
Yeah, but still, their technique was interesting, wasn't it?
A bunch of Europeans come over here and swipe the continent out from under the moccasin feet of its original tenants,
with a whole lot of cheap trinkets and mumbo jumbo.
And then they get them to sign it all away.
And once they've golded this house of paper and legalese,
they use the power of the written word to pin the native Americans up in blighted concentration camps.
Going on and on through history.
Hmm.
But yeah, they didn't plan on fives for the region of the future, did they?
Because now there are subgeniuses living in that little paper house that they wrote up.
And maybe now the conspiracy has started.
I'm starting to think that they made a big mistake when they let that Bill of Rights get published in so many places.
Oh, but I'm picking up the cue from the con itself, and I'm taking their tactics.
Tonight, as a precaution, bravely risking paper cuts, I've wrapped myself in the Constitution of the United States.
Oh, but oh, seekers, it keeps getting draftier and draftier, so republicrats tear off whole chunks of it.
Oh, here goes another amendment.
I'd better rant while I can.
Oh, as I was saying earlier, my mother was British,
but I, Reverend Susie the Floozy, am an American.
And as an American, I demand the rights and privileges that their revered legal documents say that I have.
I demand my right to the happiness of pursuit!
Or whatever.
Because I am an American!
the right to shout theater at a crowded fire because I am an American. I demand the right
to drive around a parking lot for 15 minutes to find the perfect parking space so as not
have to walk an extra 20 feet because I am an American. As an American, I am assured
of freedom of religion, which therefore includes nude head launchings in a speeding motor vehicle
and whatever unsavory interspecies sexual congress my performance of this ministry demands
of me. And I can do that because I am an American. And as an American, I have the right to produce
poisonous swill like this episode of Bob's Slapdown Funhouse. Yes, I have the right to
defend the words of Billy Graham, Kate Smith, Richard Nixon, Minnie Pearl, Broadway's version
of Lil Abner, Jack Van Impey, Jeannie C. Reilly, Bob Hope, Jimmy Stewart, Brother Maze Jackson,
the Fireside Theater, a whole lot of the Simpsons, the Holy Ghost Players, the Church of the Last Laugh,
Danger Woman, and a whole bunch of crazy, forgettable creatures. Oh, and I have the right to bend them
into my own unique interpretation, not to mention what I did to Limp Mold's incredibly irritating
national anthem. Yes!
And I swear, as Bob is my witness, I'll never take my many freedoms for granted again, or
let them go unexercised. After this show tonight, I'm going to go out and have a partial
free abortion, and then go knock off a few drinks with my lesbian friends. And I can
still do that, seekers, because I am an American!
I am an American!
I am an American!
I am an American!
I am an American!
I am an American!
I am an American!
I am an American!
I am an American!
I am an American!
I am an American!
I am an American!
I am an American!


I am an American!
I am an American!
I am an American!
I am an American!
I am an American!
But it will all come back and be there, friends,
because you know where to go for free information.
On the web, that's www.subgenius.com.
Subgenius is one word and does not have an O in it for my fellow true subgeniuses.
Or you can write to the sacred post office box in Dallas, Texas for free information.
Friends, write Bob at post office box 140306 in Dallas, Texas 75214.
Just because I live in Cleveland doesn't mean you don't have to send your news to Bob.
In Dallas.
But you can send your tapes to me, Stang, at post office box 181417.
That's my new one.
The old one's still good.
But 181417, just for stuff going to me, tapes and art and stuff.
And that's in Cleveland Heights, Ohio, 44118.
Praise Bob and hails Susie.
And thank you.
Thank you.
