7, you know, 7, you know,
Breakthroughs in knowledge and experience of the 21st century.
Now we're going to begin this afternoon by taking a look at Cleveland.
Your high, cotton steamy, and your below average this afternoon and tonight.
Some kind of super intelligence that was able to create this.
From PR News in Washington, I'm passed out and physically exhausted
from the ordeal of demanding an apology from the United States
for alleged desecration of PR's people that have detonated explosives
outside a bank in Pennsylvania today.
PR has the reports.
Authorities in Florida are looking into the 4-year-old boy
who refused to deploy with his unit to Iraq for motion sickness bags in PR News.
And now, fought with the terrible weapons of super science,
menacing all mankind and every creature on Earth,
comes the...
People of Earth, attention.
This is a voice speaking to you from thousands of miles beyond your planet.
Don't try this at home.
Don't try this at home.
Don't try this at home.
No one had a bad trip.
It was all very good.
Big sports brands and fashion designers.
A creature that rules the universe.
You must find strength.
Behold the secrets of nature's deepest mystery.
You pompous, stock-up, snot-nosed, giant twerps.
He is the creator and sustainer of all the worlds,
whether those worlds are known or unknown to mankind.
Budgets?
We ain't got no budgets.
We don't need no budgets.
I don't have to show you any stinking budgets.
Deadly germs are creeping over the Earth,
killing every human in their path.
Gentlemen, it's impervious to all poisons.
Sucking the hallucinatory acid into the system.
It belongs to a creature from outer space.
And love.
Meditation.
300,000 volts of electricity.
Breakdown.
First in the flame.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
That was Lamprey Systems with their new one,
Don't Try This at Home.
And friends, this hour of slack is so late
that I'll bet you thought we all flew away in the flying saucers, didn't you?
Well, the experience actually was kind of like that.
And, uh, in fact, we're all so shaken by it here
that I'm running two hours of slack behind
and we have Starwood coming up.
Cytopia.
And in a way, we might as well be on the saucers.
Friends, luckily, we collected lots of recordings
from 8X Day, the 8X Day drill.
Recordings of Dr. Howell and Dr. Philo Drummond,
our special guests.
And friends, I've got a lot of recordings
from the radio synesthesia show that followed 8X Day.
Uh, and of course, there's a ton,
of course, there's a ton of recordings from the radio synesthesia show that followed 8X Day.
And, uh, and, uh, in fact, that's what's about to happen right now.
Friends, you're listening to the hour of slack
of the Church of the Subgenius.
I'm surprised more people haven't made,
invented their own religions in this country
as our country was founded on, you know, freedom of religion.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
I got the hot dog up to my mouth again,
and I was ready to bite,
and the scream got louder.
And it hit me.
No, it couldn't be.
And I looked down at the hot dog,
and there was a face on him.
Eyes, nose, a mouth.
I had put the ketchup to where it looked like his hair.
And he started telling me that I couldn't eat him.
Bob, Bob, Bob.
And he had a wife and seven kids at home to support.
And I stood there with his hot dog and asked Terry,
do you know this hot dog is talking to me?
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
And, of course, we will have the X-Day report
as soon as the right people show up here.
Uh, hello, you're on...
Hello, you are on the air.
Ahoy, ahoy.
Ahoy, ahoy, Ragnar.
Well, let's title this,
this, this night's show,
Repressed X-Day Memories.
Ooh, you know, I,
I'm not sure if I want to dig up those repressed memories,
you know, I mean,
I might actually remember,
you know, some things that I didn't want to.
Yeah, those memories are repressed for a reason.
Ah, that's true, that's true.
So this is the season premiere of Synesthesia, is it not?
Well, I guess you could call it that, you know,
but I don't really think that this show has seasons.
The seasons...
Well, if you consider X,
say, a day of renewal...
Then, in that case, it would certainly be a new season.
But, uh, just so everybody knows right now,
one of the biggest events, of course,
uh, is that the church has been burned.
And it has been resurrected as a zombie church
by Mary Magdalene.
That is right, and with a little help from the bachelors for Bob.
UFO cult waiting for their ship to come in.
Space Brothers.
On this site,
three spaceships representing each planet of the Interplanetary Confederation
will land one atop the other to form a university
that will become the new World Teaching Center for Planet Earth.
But who shall dwell in these worlds if they be inhabited?
Are we or were they lords of the world?
And how are all things made for man?
No one would have believed in the last years of the 1960s
or the first century that this world was being watched keenly and closely
by intelligences greater than man's,
and yet as mortal as his own.
That as men busied themselves about their various concerns,
they were scrutinized and studied.
Perhaps almost as narrowly as a man with a microscope
might scrutinize the transient creatures that swarm and multiply in a drop of water.
With infinite complacency, men went to and fro over this globe about their little affairs,
serene and unambiguous,
vain in their assurance of their empire over matter.
No one gave a thought to the older worlds of space as sources of human danger,
so vain as man, and so blinded by his vanity,
that no human up to the very end of the 19th century
expressed any idea that intelligent life might have developed beyond its earthly level.
Yet across the gulf of space,
intellects fast and cool and unsympathetic regarded this earth with envious eyes,
and slowly and surely,
drew their plans against us.
God
and
NECABABASA!
Orbalize
I will make you understand
someone who wants to kill humans
Shredded
in the head
There's all on your mind
Let me out
Productive
Release
Shut up
and sit down
Solvated
BOMB!
Stop!
My mind is going!
Stop!
My mind is going!
Stop!
My mind is going!
And we're going to take to the phones now at 687-3515.
Hello, you're on the air.
Oh, hi, Dr. Sinister.
Oh, boy, boy, Stan.
Do you have a good X day?
Oh, great.
It was.
As far as, well, I'm, again, I don't know what Bob did to us this time, but so far I actually feel great.
But what Bob allowed us to do to ourselves, though.
I felt, I felt better when I got home than when I left, so maybe I did get a new body, and maybe this is my escape vessel,
and I was just too fixated on reality to come up with anything different than what I did.
You hardened it.
You hardened it by drinking that fighting cock whiskey that I brought.
You toughened it.
You got it ready for the new year.
Was that before or after the saucers came?
That was before.
That was, um.
Yeah, you were slamming that stuff.
That was like Saturday night.
Damn.
You were pounding that stuff down.
I don't even drink.
I saw him hit it once and make a face, actually.
I wasn't there Saturday night.
Are you guys crazy?
You were there.
It was at Doc Frop's.
I went to a motel so we could drink.




We went out to see War of the Worlds Saturday night.
No, I'm talking about X Day.
We were in a motel.
That was somebody else's look like me, man.
Oh, I'm talking about the Saturday night of X Day.
You guys are nuts.
You're crazy.
Yeah.
Apparently, Bob came and did something with all of us.
Look into the sex life of robots.
Since the dawn of the human species, man has wrestled with the dark side of human nature, the prince of lies.
I love evil, and I love evil actions.
Cults are much stronger than people realize.
Sex orgies, prostitution, dope, or any of these things.
We just worship Satan in a nice, peaceful manner.
The Satanic cults are famous for subliminal messages.
This would include, say, music at a roller rink.
Right now, the latest from Britney Spears.
This is stronger.
Blue-eyed blonde hair will sell for $50,000.
$50,000.
It's time to loosen things up and do the hokey pokey.
I am a stripper.
I'm also a stripper.
Many people are attracted to pornography, sex, and so forth.
It's sheer joy and pleasure.
Porn.
I think that would be quite attractive to the public.
These are the more beautiful women who have been used in the past and are being used today through the mind control program that's practiced by the CIA,
designed to make a human world.
It's a great way to get the human robots out of these individuals.
Stupid.
I slapped him in the face with a cartoon.
This could be a subliminal message.
Nor'el Pref at 8X Day.
Friends, you can download or read more.
Nor'el Pref at heavyconfetti.com, friends.
And special thanks we have to give out to Governor Ratnar for spearheading the Dr. Howell to X Day effort.
And also for throwing himself on that bomb to save the rest of us.
It's a good thing it was a discordium bomb.
Anyway, friends, let's get back to Dr. Howell and yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang, possibly with Dr. Philodrummond, on stage at 8X Day at Brushwood.
Minutes before the end of the world.
The final hour approaches, my friend.
Could Nostradamus have been a human?

He would have been right when he predicted the end of the world, July 5th, 1998.
Actually, Nostradamus predicted it July 5th, 1999.
Bob corrected that note using some Edgar Cayce hints, actually.
Well, it couldn't be an even number, so it would have to be an odd number.
And when you go into the numerology, you have to go through a certain checklist.
Nostradamus lived in a stone tower with no plumbing.
He often made mistakes.
And I, too, live in a wooden garret with no plumbing.
But there you perform your secret scientific experiments, investigating into the very heart of life.
Life itself! We can discover the secret of life, good and evil!
Peering, peeking through the veil which hides the round and blushing charms of nature, and then ripping that veil asunder and plunging forward.
Into true understanding and enlightenment until it bursts over the brain and seems to seize it with a great awakening light.
And then profitable things like the Book of the Subgenius and other strange monsters may be born.
Monsters, yes, monsters!
Did you ever think that maybe to them, why, maybe we're the monsters?
Yeah, ever think of that? Maybe them, you're the monster, huh? How about that? Kind of makes you wonder, doesn't it?
How many times have we said that just this very weekend? Just to remind you, friends.
You can't say it often enough!
You cannot! To them, maybe we're the monsters! In fact, to them, maybe we are the cockroaches.
You know, it's necessary to keep repeating this depressing litany because one has what one calls a positive self-image,
which automatically reasserts itself.
Just as when you hit a bouncing round-based cupid doll, it always wants to return to the vertical.
So does the positive self-image, displacing any fleeting and vague imago of a monster that your accurate thought might have placed there.
It's not a good thing to be forced continually to confront one's monstrous self.
And paradoxically, a good way to avoid it is simply to consider it every now and then.
And Pastor Stang and I are just helping you with this simple intellectual exercise.
Every now and then, you have to go ahead and drink Dr. Jekyll's potion, come to grips with it, and then leave it alone.
That'll be good. Maybe once a year.
Well, you leave it alone, but the thing about that particular potion is that you have flashbacks. It comes back.
Well, yeah. That's why I said once a year. You don't want to end up kicking children too often.
The exhilaration of it all. The headlong rush.
Through the strange corridors of the body.
Friends, you don't know what slack might really mean.
Are you going to go into that dark hallway with faith?
Perhaps you may find that slack for you was something you previously found to be repugnant, even illegal.
It could be simple. You don't know.
You may find that it's something embarrassingly silly, like birdwatching.
Sometimes the best way to go forward is to go backward a little bit.
If you get your pants caught on the fence, you can't go forward. You have to back up a little bit.
Then you can go forward. The way forward is not a straight line.
It's a wriggling sinusoidal curve, and you must twist yourself adroitly to reach the glowing end of the tube.
It's like crawling through the tunnels of your own brain. Boring your way through.
Digging with your teeth through the little curling tubes of your brain.
Because all that brain tissue...
Trying to reach the inside.
...is not going to be important in the long run.
No, you don't need those brain cells.
You can jettison these sad memories, these archetypes, these tropes...
Bad facts.
...these engrams, these falsely learned syllogisms.
And then you construct in its place a shining, crystalline edifice.
One which might not be able to exist on this muddy, old, stinky, organic earth,
but in the crystal clarity of the earth,
and in the crystal clarity of space,
resonate like a cathedral of glimmering shards.
What about bombs?
I give it the torch right in the eye.
Ah!
Ah!

Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!

Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!

Ah!
Ah!
Ah materia,
Reverend Howell.
And Dr. Howell may stand here with the sun spotlighting half of his face.
He was a reverend before he was a doctor.
A perfect photographic setup.
Ladies and gentlemen, after I finish, Reverend Alex, I'm reliably informed, is up next.
And so, given this moment to speak, I might say it is a good excuse,
now that you hear my voice, to start making your way elsewhere to a more comfortable place.
Because you will hear the sounds of my syllables echoing after you until you reach safe distance.
Until then, I intend to verbalize and soliloquize.
Because a subscription, as you have heard, was made so that I could come out here and be among you here this X-Day.
I cannot begin to express the harmonious feeling which I underwent when I heard this news.
It started as a sort of a warmth in the solar plexus and then rose through my torso,
expanding to fill the thorax and finally shooting up little flames of contentment toward my cerebrum.
And I think on certain special occasions we all feel that.
Or something similar.
I realized that in this one area, I was deemed somehow necessary, or less unnecessary than usual.
Now next year, I may be able to pay the freight myself, since my rhyming dinosaur book will be published, I assume.
And also, I'm writing a play, which I'm told will make my fortune.
There's a pair of glasses here.
I wonder if they are...
I've lost a pair of glasses for which extravagant promises were made.
Well, be that as it may, there are so many examples of intricate points of subgenius doctrine,
which need to be hammered into people's heads over and over again.
The purpose of understanding, the purpose of total immersion in the subgenius worldview.
This is done by incremental,
repetition,
tedious and exhaustive.
Just like the locusts that carried away the grains of wheat in Pharaoh's storehouse.
It didn't happen all at once, but incrementally, through tiny changes.
And so it must be, as my jaw moves up and down and tongue flaps back and forth,
these syllables, like the fragments of food which according to legend fed the prophets,
brought by birds out of the sun, will ideally spread over the campsite,
and then falling to earth, manure the ground, so that in this rich garden,
the garden of subgenius thought may grow.
Now, many people probably ask you, when they hear about what your religion is,
when you are injudicious enough to say what it is,
well, what does that mean?
That means you're stupid, right?
And of course, it doesn't mean that you're not stupid.
Since it doesn't have anything to do with genius as is commonly understood.
But I always maintained that this word genius was like the word,
was the same word as genie, that would be the plural actually.
Referring to those strange spirits of the air one encounters in Arabic mythology, the jinn.
They came out of Aladdin's lamp, or another one came out of a ring.
Or going into Greco-Roman mythology, there were the spirits of place, the genius Loki.
I'm sure that Brushwood Campground has them.
You can certainly intuit their presence hovering near the frog pond as you go there at night.
Well, there are such spirits.
And I will go farther.

And say that it is an absolutely essential nugget of belief that each person have such a spirit.
Not as vulgarly supposed a guardian angel or some namby-pamby, goody-goody, goo-goo
hovering just outside of one's threshold of understanding.
But the result of one's own intellectual and physical activity in this world.
One generates such a spirit.
And then that spirit hovers and assists.
And one should be under the direction of this tutelary body.
And not the false spirit of the conspiracy.
We don't seem to talk about the conspiracy enough.
And that's probably because we hate it so much.
And hate being entangled in its tentacular coils.
But it's a reality that many of us do have to face when we leave Brushwood and its environs.
And return to what some are pleased to call the world.
Only the highest order of subgenius succeeds in renouncing these shackles entirely.
And achieving the exalted title or condition of being an art bum.
One who diddles around with things artistical.
And rarely has to work by the sweat of his brow.
All these people will tell you.
And I will even say on certain occasions.
When vexed with the limited understanding that others seem to possess.
That it's just as hard as digging post holes in the hot sun.
While the sweat runs down.
And millions of blood sucking night flies bite your perspiring limbs.
And that would be a lie.
Because that, that stuff's hard.
But being an art bum is the path of slack.
And that is why we are all trying to get there.
One way or the other.
But to try too hard of course.
Is to shed more slack.
Is to leave a greasy trail of spots of shed slack.
Which are fruitlessly cast aside.
And not used in the metabolic dynamic engine of construction.
Which drives the true subgenius forward.
So one should marshal one's grease spots.
And not bestow them on the path that one treads.
And marshal them proudly.
What is distasteful to someone else.
May be the true, true subgenius significator.
And we have learned to experience a number of unshapely odd.
Even creepy philosophies.
As well as body types here.
And this shows our largesse.
And our larger understanding.
Part of our journey of exploration and discovery.
So, you know, all I could do to add to this.
Would be to go on explicating already overly familiar portions.
Nano bits of subgenius doctrine.
I think rather than the scholastic approach.
We are all here more or less to relax.
Settle back.
And enjoy our feature presentation.
To have a good time.
Rather than a good read.
Or a good study.
For there is always time to absorb.
Subgenius doctrine.
I recommend for this time.
The down time.
The time in between regular activities.
We write in our books of extra meditation.
This is after all a private time.
While the body does its thing.
The brain may race ahead.
Constructing fantastic traceries.
Of airy castles of creation.
And imagination.
There is no reason to be chained.
To the physical world.
To the physical body.
Simply because one must pay the rent.
While one is in it.
And that being just one of many examples.
I will let that drop here.
Only our own warm earth.
So cold and molten lead.
Lies frozen on its surface.
But from the blackness of outer space.
We were being frozen.
But thousands of pounds of dust.
Lies close to Uranus.
But only our own warm earth.
Was green with methane gas.
Eloquent of fertility.
And possessed.
A cloudy atmosphere.
Flaming at the tops.
But only our own warm earth.
For centuries it has been in the last stages of Uranus.
Even at its equator.
But Uranus.
Uranus.
I say this calls for action.
And now.
Now it's in the.
Bump.
How was the 200 million dollar War of the Worlds compared to the 2000 dollar War of the Worlds?
Well oddly enough the even though the El Cheapo War of the Worlds which came out just before Spielberg's version is exactly painfully faithful to the book.
The Spielberg version is better because the book is good.
And the Spielberg version is good.
And the.
The El Cheapo version that's exactly faithful line for line to the book is one of the worst shot movies I've ever seen in my entire life.
I mean it's like.
Ed Wood.
Or.
Larry Buchanan film in a way.
It's that bad.
But in a modern desktop special effect.

So it's it's it's not a period piece.
It is.
It is.
So new.
Is that what was playing at the theater.
No.
There are two War of the Worlds that came out at the same time.
The Spielberg one which takes place now.
And doesn't actually mention Martians.
Doesn't say anything about Mars.
And.
And.
And one that was made really low budget.
There is a period piece set in 1898 when the novel was written by H.G. Wells.
And it's really low.
It's so low budget.
They really weren't.
Couldn't pull it off.
And yet they did anyway.
So it's like a bulldog a masterpiece of bad film.
The guys.
The guy that.
The guy that pulled it off though.
The War of the Worlds is simply an ordinary real well made really well made film.
Just as it.
Would you say it's just.
Would you say it's actually a good film or is it by well made you mean like it's just like typical Hollywood fare.
Well it's typical Hollywood fare.
But I was.
I'm an H.G. Wells fanatic and I was very pleased because I felt that it captured the essence of the book.
And they even managed to work in the main rants from from the the War of the Worlds.
There are some great rants about what little rabbits the people of the world are and how most of them are just scurrying about their little jobs.
Afraid of the boss and afraid of God on Sundays.
And oh it won't be that big of a change for them under the Martians.
You know.
I believe they've built a flying machine.
A flying machine?
Yes.
If they have that it's all over with humanity.
It is over with humanity.
We're down.
We're beat.
This isn't a war.
It never was a war.
Any more than this war between man and ants.
That's all we are now.
Just ants.
Only.
Yes.
We're eatable ants.
At present they can't be eaten.

They can't catch us when they want us.
But they won't keep on doing that.
They'll begin catching us.
Systematic.
Picking the best and storing us into cages.
Lord.
They haven't begun on us yet.
Not begun?
Saw people that lived in these houses.
Running wild for their little season ticket train for fear they'd get dismissed if they didn't.
And on Sundays for fear of the year after.
As if hell was built for rabbits.
These Martians will make pets of some of them.
Train them to do tricks.
Who knows?
And some maybe.
They were trained to hunt us.
If they come after me.
Lord if they come after me.
We've got to learn while we've got a chance.
And we've got to live and keep independent while we learn.
I've been thinking about the drains.
The mine drains are big enough and airy enough for anyone.
And the railway tunnels and subways.
Eh?
You begin to see.
And we form a band.
Able bodied clean minded men.
Able bodied clean minded women we want also.
Mothers and teachers.
Imagine this.
Four or five of their fighting machines suddenly startling off.
And not a Martian in them.
Not a Martian in them but men.
Swish.
They ray.
And behold.
Man has come back to his own.
It was then I had my first inkling of the gulf between the artilleryman's dreams and his powers.
There's some great subgenius rants.
Of course the sad thing is at the end the humans live and the monsters die.
That's always sad for us subgeniuses.
But the whole idea behind these blockbuster end of the world Martian invasion movies every summer.
Is to discredit J.R. Bob Dobbs.
And to give people the idea that aliens are just monsters in spaceships.
They're not gods that can completely smash you.
And don't get colds.
You know.
Because it's sad.
The aliens die of the common cold.
You know.
Well I don't want to ruin the movie.
I think that's old news by now.
Yeah.
Yeah it was based on that radio show right.
Which was based on that war.
Which was based on that novel.
Right.
There really was a war of the worlds.
Just before World War I.
But.
That was covered up.
That was covered up like the switch with Mars.
Right.
So it really gets pretty complicated.
It is enough to make a man's head spin.
Yeah.
And let me tell you I'm doing about 78 RPM right now.
Sigh.
And their overturned war machines.
Some of the now rigid handling machines.
And a dozen of them stark and silent.
And laid in a row where the Martians.
Dead.
Slain by the putrefactive and diseased bacteria.
Against which their systems were unprepared.
Slain as the red weed was being slain.
Slain after all man's devices had failed.
By the humblest things that God.
In his wisdom.
Has put upon this earth.
Friends.
You may have noticed that the church tends to not be all that hard sell.
That's because we're in this for the long run.
We don't want to be.
A Wilhelm Wright.
We don't want to be.
Look what happened to all of our predecessors my friends.
Well we don't want everybody anyway.
Only the elect.
But they can't all be saved.
They can't and it is not good that they should.
We only need the individual holotypes of each particular subgenius mutation.
Let's look at it from the standpoint of vertebrates.
The vertebrate paleontology.
There we go.
That always straightens out things.
Now you may be aware of one of the most famous of the giant dinosaurs.
One of the last that perished from the earth.
Was the triceratops.
And in the museums there are many different heads.
Of many different species.
Because those big skulls are hard to destroy.
And they survive the lengthy process of fossilization.
So there's one with a twist here and a hornlet there.
One called triceratops prorsus.
One called triceratops horridus.
One called the triceratops ajax and so forth.
Triceratops trionocles.
But you know soon they started arguing.
Oh boy maybe these aren't different species.
Maybe everyone was different.
Maybe everyone was an individual mutation.
And it had these strange horns and spines.
To fight with other dinosaurs in gigantic battles.
No.
To look good to the opposite sex.
That's what it's all about maybe.
Because these dino horns and plates and things were cool.
And if you had more of them you were more likely to mate with another dinosaur.
They had no actual function.
You wouldn't want to fight with them.
They might break off.
Then you wouldn't look good.
So at any rate.
Each triceratops once considered a different species.
Is now recognized as the same species.
Not because the difference is not known.
But because speciation went on in such a subtle way.
That it's inconvenient to list every different god damn species.
And science tries to make everything nice and easy and clear for future generations.
Well of course we know there aren't going to be any of those.
But it is essential for us in contemplating ourselves.
To understand that each one of us is essentially the holotype of a different subgenius species.
And as we move on into the transition to the unknowable future.
It is up to us to push our own genetic template out there.
Because it has value.
To survive.
To infiltrate the cosmos.
And to make every face spiritually the grinning face of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
That's right friends.
Your job is not only to get slack.
But to make sure that slack survives.
To keep the subgenius genotype going.
That means sooner or later.
You must reproduce.
And make more little subgeni.
I know most of you are going.
I'm not going to bring a kid into this horrible world.
Well this is.
Actually we've only got a few hours left to have those future generations I suppose.
But given.
You know.
Pretend that we were faced.
You know.
I'm the saucers.
In relativistic time.
They can grow up the kids in tubes anyway.
Not to worry.
Well.
You've seen those movies.
I hear so many of my subgenius friends saying.
Oh I'm not going to bring a kid into this pink world.
And plus.
I'd be a terrible parent.
And so forth and so on.
We don't care.
It's.
I don't care if that kid grows up to be a serial killer.
If it has the Yeti gene.
That's all that counts.
And if it.
Then reproduces.
And creates more little serial killing.
Half Yeti.
Half human.
Half breeds.
That's fine.
That's fine.
Sooner or later.
It'll all work out.
Of course on the escape vessels.
We won't have to worry about.
Species mixing.
From PR News in Washington.
I'm still recovering from Ivan.
But fans are looking forward to an interesting rematch.
Pornography.
Yes.
The National Hockey League could reach land later today.
The BBC's reports.
So to tax.
The best way to do that is to get the best of the best.







If you liked this video.
Leave a like.
And subscribe.
And hit the notification bell.
I don't know what to say.
But I'll be back.



Show.



The.
Space.
Show.
The.


And.
From.





Space.
Show.
might encounter, in addition to
exists, the Yetinsin
in some form?
The original Yeti?
Well, there's been a rumor
or a legend, or whatever you want to call it,
I'm not exactly
certain of its provenance, that
the titular
guardian Yetis themselves
might be on
the saucers.
Or a few guides, guardians.
Well, Dr. Howell, you know, it's been
80 million years since most of
the original Yeti left the planet
following their failed
experiment when the humans escaped
from the so-called, the test tubes,
so to speak. You know, many of them
were in the latter days slain
by the evil, barbaric
Yehu humans.
And the more gentle and
higher savants
of the Yetinsin
withdrew even further into their
remote fastness,
unwilling to
release their deadly actinic
fires that they could so easily control
on a thing which seemed
shaped like them.
But,
what about Gigantopithecus and its
enigmatic lower jaw that you
were telling me about?
Yes, friends, as a matter of fact, in the Cleveland
Natural History Museum,
there is on display
the jawbone of a Yeti.
Now, talk about offensive!
That'd be like an American Indian
walking into a museum and seeing his
grandfather stuffed.
Which they used to have. I mean, at the
University of Arizona, they had an Indian
mummy, but when I went back there
to see it recently, they said,
oh, we never had no mummy. No,
we don't have a mummy. You never
saw an Indian in there. No, no.
But I know what I saw.
A mummy, withered and
horrible, in complete Indian regalia
too.
Yeah, yeah, that one.
Yeah, indeed.
Not the same as the...
So, and the Gigantopithecus.
Gigantopithecus skull
in the museum is a similar outrage,
and yet, once one
puts aside one's
understandable natural
repugnance, loathing, and
horror, one can see that
science might need to show off
this massive Yeti jaw
against a similar, but much
smaller jaw of an adult male
gorilla, and
even the sadly
etiolated, weak little
jawbone of a human.
That's right, and the
Yeti jawbone would indicate
an animal nine feet tall,
and probably pretty fat,
and with a really
profoundly developed
ability to kiss and make
out. With those big
slobbery lips it had.
The German scientist
Franz Weidenrich said in
his epochal work,
Apes, Giants, and Men,
that this beast, this
creature, Gigantopithecus,
is actually misnamed, and shouldn't
be given the name Gigantopithecus
or Giant Ape. It should instead
be called Gigantropus, or
Giant Man, because
there are certain man-like
homologies in the
strange bones of
this enormous anthropoid.
Particularly of the structure of the teeth,
and if you want to know what something really
is, and you're a scientist,
well, you look at the teeth.
Teeth are an indicator. You might remember
that when Gulliver came back from
Brobdingnag, the teeth
that he had collected
of the giants were one of the most
convincing proofs that he had to offer.
Friends,
at 7.15 tomorrow
morning, you can fuck
a full-grown yeti
if you so desire, or
for that matter, you could bring into
existence a homo
forensiensis, the newly
discovered little hobbit people.
You can even set up a three-way.
Think of that. With you,
and the sandwich. That movie,
Revenge of the Sith, was mentioned,
and it shows their ludicrous gynecological
techniques, where robots
with huge scoops for hands
deliver tiny, wriggling babies.
Compared to this primitive
level of medical development,
what you'll find on the saucers
are an unbelievable
series of skills of
genetic manipulation. You can
give birth to any kind of offspring
you want. They
can do it. The
age of being tied to the earth
and its organic winds and
waves shall be over.
And you can be not only the architect
of your own destiny, but
that of your entire posterity.
Normally too great an
honor, too dangerous a power
to wield, but to we
who are as gods, not
so. For we
need not stop at traffic lights
anymore after X day.
Who are we to obey
society's laws and morals?
Ours?
Ours is a high and lonely
destiny, and no
more financial humiliation
will be in the cards.
Friends, one of the dangers of
X day is that your mind won't be able
to accept all the things that you can
do, and that you'll end up
just using the powers of the
exes and the lone computers
to simply recreate
the world that you're familiar with
just because you can't really imagine
anything better. You think you can,
but you can't really,
and therefore you may end up,
your escape vessel might somehow
resemble your seedy apartment
back home.
Or even your bathroom.
Yeah, you may be on the escape
vessels speeding towards
planet X, and it looks like
driving down I-90 back to Cleveland.
That's why Dr. Drummond,
Dr. Drummond needs to come here
and do show. It's time to
hide him into the circle.
The seance is not complete without
his etheric energy.
Bills, bills, bills, bop, bop,
bills, bop, bills, bop, bills, bop,
bills, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop,
bop, bop, bop, zippy, bop, bop.
I'll have to admit it.
For a lot of people, the church is right
where it belongs.
Here lies the church.
That's what some people think about the church.
In the school, the conference room,
high-rise apartments, camping trailer,
exclusive restaurants, racy sports cars, discotheques,
topless bars, even the living room.
Why is that, anyway?
Of course, some people say the church fits everywhere.
Gotta be more specific.
Bob fits everywhere in life.
And they say that when he fits,
he makes a difference in what you do,
how you do it, where you do it, and why.
They say he doesn't squeeze the life out of you.
He pumps it into you, you know?
They say he opens the lid on life, love,
the kind that cares for other people.
They say he opens your eyes to beauty,
flowers, people, you, and Bob.
Drugs needed.
You know, speaking of neighbors,
I had a really, you know, they were,
you gotta kind of love and hate your neighbors
at the same time.
They were playing this music, this loud thumping music.
It's shaking my house all to hell.
So what I do is I aim my computer speakers out,
and I put in my CD player, the amino acids,
destroy the warming sun.
I hit them back with the amino acids.
That'll hit them back with a pretty heavy weapon.
And that turned their music off.
I've had people do that to me, too.
I use some, like, death metal, actually,
is what I use, too.
To shut the neighbors up if they're too loud.
Because, you know, I mean...
I have a synthesizer.
I can fix them good.
Yeah?
Yeah, what can you...
Man, you can do all kinds of stuff with a good synthesizer.
You can...
Yeah, you can take your frequencies
and basically drive them nuts.
You can shatter their windows, probably,
if you have a good speaker.
Well, best of all is to not have any neighbors.
What's that?
Best of all is to not have any neighbors.
Yeah, but that's...
Then you gotta live out in the middle of nowhere.
When the Russians come, I'm gonna join up with them, and become a hero.

I'm a human hunter.
I'll be a good pet for the Martians.
I want to shut the neighbors up.
Get rid of all of them.
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?



Bob?
Bob?
Bob?



Bob?





Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
verse can see it. And finally, off to stage left, a suspicious-looking hole, square like a garage
door, out of which a certain streamer of smoke coils and is ascending upward. You know, the sad
thing about this whole chick setup is that everyone who goes to that judgment scene is guilty. If
you're all right with Jesus or whatever, I'm not certain of all the doctrinal ramifications, but if
you do all that you're supposed to do, you're not even going to be there. You might be able to watch
it on your companion telescreen in heaven, but the great white throne judgment, as it is called, is
only for the guilty. Only 144,000 shall be saved, my friends. But we know this is a distorted version
of the actual judgment.
Apocalypse, to which we have the true key and knowledge, as revealed in the original
pre-scriptures, published now, lo, these many years in the book of the subgenius. Pretty good, huh, how the
pre-scriptures have proven so true? Amazing, yeah. You know, if you study, well, of course, if you study any
prophetic thing like the Bible, you can find hints, the things that could be stretched to appear to
represent events happening.
Right.
In the current times, but with the subgenius prophecies are right exactly on the money, all the way up
the date line. Well, maybe not date line for dominance, but the pre-scriptures, although they may be a little
vague in some areas, leave a little bit of room for interpretation.
Well, they have a certain poetic flexion, a certain rubbery theological flexibility, but Satan, too, can quote the
scriptures.
That's right.
However, Nege cannot quote the pre-scriptures.
He can't quote the pre-scriptures because they're just too confusing and complicated for its senescent degenerate brain.
That's just common subgenius doctrine, friends. Nothing special is being said there. We're just regurgitating those subgenius...
Nothing special except that you uttered his name.
... truisms. Well, we do that because we are speaking to an audience of the elect, not to the...

... the primitives who are hag-ridden by credulity, superstition, and fanaticism, but the true enlightened ones.
Therefore, we can even say that terrible name. And you can dress up as him and his wife at the deity ball.
But the point is that we're free here, free to bandy about the most offensive concepts. We had Nazis on our stage belching forth hatred, and we've had terrible...

... fights in our midst, with radios being smashed, crockery fractured, and tears and departures of indignant subgenie and subgeniates in a huff.
That proves it's a real religion!
As the fatal hour grows closer, so mount the tensions, until finally, like a boil giving way to erupt in purulent matter, the tensions will...
... be gone.
The tensions will resolve themselves one way or the other. That's why we need that big, hygienic, gleaming saucer to come down and save us from our human predicament, since this is the final hour.
You know, I could be talking to a beautiful live girl instead of you guys.
You could be, yeah, you could.
Yeah, where is we?
She's doing princess-ly stuff. You know what princesses do? They just sit around looking beautiful, and everybody looks at them and goes,
... aahhh. That's what she's doing, probably.
Yeah.
It's kind of like that last supper we had at the corral.
No matter how many times they try to corral those subgeniuses, though, they can't train them. They stay wild.
You can't break them.
Look at some of the ones that, you know, the humans call them drunks, ne'er-do-wells, stumbling, nattering nabobs.
But in the Church of the Subgenius, they get special double credits and awards for that.
You get to be Pope, Cardinal, Bishop, and altar boy all at the same time.
Actually, I have noticed that the subgeniuses that take the most important sounding titles, like Pope...
... are some of the most humble people you'd ever meet, actually, in some cases.
No, of course.
Not really, but...
No, I don't think it's the other way around.
They tend to be insane egomaniacs.
Yeah.
Like sex-mortis, polka-dots.
Well, I call them...
Well, you get pretty much all the subgenius popes that I know of.
And then there's the ones, however, who are the most incredibly productive.
They often have humble names, like Mr. Fernandinandilymer.
He's the only subgenius who's not a pope or a general or a reverend.
He's just Mr.
And yet that guy does more audio and visual stuff than any other subgenius to speak of.
He does those PR newsletters.
He does those PR news segments.
Yeah, and massive amounts of graphics.
So what I'm saying is, these people are all completely insane.
Yes, and that's the point.
And we can not only cause the insanity, my friend, we can sell you the cure.
That's a wonderful thing.
Actually, I saw this wonderful thing once that was describing an account of this boy who, at the age of four, he stopped growing.
And numerous tests eventually revealed that he had celiac disease.
And then they put him on a gluten-free diet and he's fine now.
He's back to normal.
And they say, we give God the glory for his recovery.
So do we also give God the glory for him having that genetic disease in the first place?
Or God the glory for inventing gluten?
Yeah, you know, seriously.
That's like giving an arsonist, that's like having a firefighter slash arsonist, you know?
You can say that God did both of those things as long as you remind people that the Lord works in mysterious ways.
We can't know why he tortures us.
But it's probably for our own good.
That's the funny part.
We know for sure that he tortures us, but we have faith that it must be for our own good.
I guess that's how it works.
Well, or somebody is good.
It doesn't have to be your good.
Maybe somebody a thousand miles away is good.
It all works out in the end whether you like it or not.
They all end up on their heads, one and all.
From the presidents down to the shoeshine boys.
Every single one ends up the same.
Except for Bob.
That's right.
Bob is the exception to the rule and the rule to the exception.
He's always there and he's always missing.
He is the sine qua non of ipso facto and whatnot.
And he always has a really cool tie.
He's a very well-dressed man.
He can be kind of a difficult, short-duration person.
He's a very personal savior.
I noticed with Chagrin this year that at 7 a.m. I was having to get ready for work.
Maybe that's why the saucers passed you, because you were getting ready for work.
Oh, no, I wasn't.
I didn't start getting ready for work until the appointed moment had passed.
No, I wouldn't want to do that.
Right.
But if 7 a.m. passes, it's kind of like, well, damn.
Yeah.
I mean, you turn on the morning news and you notice that nothing is burning or being zapped or anything.
You know that things are not right.
Well, it starts being disappointing for me the day before, because we all know it starts at the international dateline at 7 a.m.
Well, that's in the middle of the previous afternoon for people in the U.S.
So we would see disasters coming on television across Australia and China and Russia and so forth.
Unless?
Well, here's the thing, though.
You see one station after another go off the air, basically.
That's what we're going for.
As they came closer and closer to you and finally.
Unless?
I mean, but here's the thing, though.
Whenever it happens and wherever it happens, that's what's going to define 7 a.m., July 5th.
So wherever it happens, all right, that means it's actually 7 a.m. there.
We'll finally know what time it really is, yeah.
Yeah.
We don't know what time it is, either, if we don't know what year it is.
We can reset our calendars.
That's right.
We may be horrified to find that it's several thousand years.

That we were kept on ice on some other planet for a whole long stretch of time that we don't even know about.
Who knows?
Well, the switch to Earth's powers probably took some unspecified amount of time in hibernation or stasis or suspended animation or whatnot.
We can only speculate.
And, again, the Lord and the aliens work in mysterious ways.
You can't.
You know, if we could understand them, well, we'd be gods ourselves.
Oh, of course, that's what the New Age will tell you.
Oh, you're just as cool as Bob.
What obvious claptrap?
What superstitious nonsense?
Is there room in the same universe for two probabilistic distortions kind of like Bob?
I mean, what would happen if they came together?
Which direction would the telephone pole fall, you know?
Right.
We don't know.
There might be a Bob Singularity Theory.
See, Bob and alternate universes are all still Bob.
Is there predestination?
Yeah.
And can we escape it all through the quantum foam like in some stupid hot sci-fi novel?
I don't know.
You know, with that thought, I actually think it's time to move on for the evening.
Yeah, my tape's about to run out.
All right, gentlemen.
My battery.
Good bye to you, sir.
Nice talking to you.
Nice talking to you.
My bladder's about to run out, man.
Just about.
Just being like an X-Day almost.
Yeah.
All right, well, we'll talk to you next week.
All righty.
All right, all right, all right.
See you around.
And that was the official X-Day report.
You heard it here first.
We're going to take a little break right now and service the public with these public
service announcements.
Good evening, my fellow Americans.
Be quiet!
Ear infections are a common problem for kids.
Wild animals like squirrels, pigeons, or skunks may have moved in to raise their young.
Gross.
You have roaches.
Fernanda Nande-Lemur did it.
I'm a little bit scared.










Have you ever had ostriches before?
Yes.
Food life changes in the world.
Hi there, folks.
It's Albert K Matteo, your host for Covipack.
I wanted to share with you a message just so we get to know the world.
We've launched our first ever radio show of SPAC inclusive.
Ivory Coast U minutos comes to everyone at 2020 11ak today, and the very first episode
has been talked through by my stealing you're paying me to come show you my hot spot.
Hello.
or by writing to our offices here in Cleveland Heights.
A subgenius or hour of slack or Reverend Ivan Stang at Box 181417.
That's P.O. Box 181417, Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Praise Bob.
Cleveland?
Yeah, Cleveland. How about Cleveland?
Cleveland?
Okay, okay.
Oh, Cleveland.
It's been canceled until further notice.
Sure. It's a nice town.
Yeah, but...
The Martians had no resistance to the bacteria in our atmosphere to which we have long since become immune.
Once they had breathed our air, germs which no longer affect us began to kill them.
The end came swiftly.
All over the world, they're machinimized.
Teens began to stop and fall.
After all that men could do had failed, the Martians were destroyed and humanity was saved
by the littlest things which God in his wisdom had put upon this earth.
And last year they attacked the biggest

For more information visit www.fema.gov.
