Freedom and justice and equality.
10-8 on the air and standing by.
Why don't you put your clothes on? The show's over.
The show's over.
Relax, relax, relax, relax, relax.
Yeah!
Back into the show.
Time to begin to worry about side eight of 90-minute tape.
And now, the subgenius.
Our world.
What?
In the world of the wild,
X-Men turn on.
Yeah!
Take those, take those, take those!
Take them, dodge them!
Oh, yes!
No defense for Pilgrim's Throne!
It's very hard!
What the hell do you think you're doing?
I always wanted to do that.
Oh, friends, open your heart, close your mind, unzip your lips,
and bend over because here comes the word of B-B-B-B-B-Bob!
Y'all gotta start thinking on a different level like the CIA does.
Now, we're through the looking glass here, people.
White is black, and black is white.
What are we doing?

What are we doing with the money?
Well, obviously, we're spending.
We're paying a huge, huge staff salary.
I mean, more like yesterday, there was a huge box of money.
She says, look, Bob, it was so good to look at that.
And I used to get my dozer till the band's music stopped.
Then the light, it showed me finally, yeah, that's right, we are a wild dog.
Now we're all edge, we're lost in thought.
It's my wife and I'm gone.
With my heart for my money and my brain for my job,
I want to get my drink and I'm gone.
With your dear, dear host and prayer partner, Reverend Ivan Stang.
Selfish, is that what they call me?
Well, I am.
I live by the law.

I have the judgment of my own mind and for my own sake.
Let them say what they please about you.
By the time you come to trial, no jury will convict you.
The public will think what I want them to think.
Presented to you by the Church of the Subgenius in the name of J.R. Bob Dobs.
It's unbelievable.
Do you understand that I cannot tell the truth here in Dallas?
There are people here who do not want me to tell the truth.
Do you want to imbibe the drug of the commonplace?
Will you be forever addicted to self-restriction?
Established orthodoxies and dogmas.
Conditioned interpretations of living.
Regard the material world as reality.
Hold on, honey.
I'm not accusing you of anything.
You're old enough to know right from wrong.
Your mother and I, we trust you.
But we know how it is.
All the pressure to be popular.
Everybody wants to be popular.
I know that.
I guess he's considered a popular man.


Pretty good catch.
Daddy, is there a point to all this?
At last I have control of your radio, too.
And I do, too.
Good.
This is Ren Hwack.
And this is Stimson J. Catt of the Ren and Stimpy Show.
And you're listening to the Hour of Slack on KNON.
Keep listening, you idiot.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Else I shall kill you.
He died pretty quick.
Either a heart storm or a ruptured blood vessel in the brain.
Uh-huh.
And I assume if you've come this far, what I have to say interests you.
But I'm not going to name names that tell you who or what I represent.
Except to say you're close.
You're closer than you think.
Okay?
Right.
89.3 FM.
And it's now time for the Hour of Slack.
And it's not number 338 or 339 or anything like that.
No.
We have a live Hour of Slack tonight here.
It's number 343.
Is it really?
Yes, it is.
Because even though we're in Cleveland, oh, man, this is great.
We get to do the Hour of Slack in another town with other radio doctors.
While Reverend Gobi is here from Rochester.
And half of the cast and crew and the crew.

And assassins from the rant and rave show that was last night.
The Association for Consciousness Exploration and the Smart Bar presents the world's first rant and rave featuring the Reverend Ivan Stang of the True Troupe of Suntan and DJ remixers from the East and West Coast rave scenes.
Experience Bob Dobbs, the Messiah of Slack.
Through a continuous barrage of mind-altering videos.
Some genius gut blowout services.
Squirtatious light shows.
And driving rave music to dance your pants off from dusk till dawn.
Including world beat drummers repercussion.
The Smart Bar will be transformed into a psychadelicatessen.
Where you can experience mind machines, multimedia environments, and a smorgasbord of sensual weirdness.
Plus, the marriage of Bob and Connie.
And the best part.
Not since the fall of Rome has the club world seen such writhing, wallowing tribal mutant decadence.
The ACDB Gobs.
It was last night that I bet you missed.
And we're gonna make you feel so bad.
Ninnies.
Yeah, this is gonna be the hour where we take away your slack.
Oh, how clever, my dear.
Yes, it is, isn't it?
We must do what we can for the cause.
So your wallet will be the bomb.
Yes, your wallet will be the bomb.
If you need some genius, not another sleeping slob.
Your wallet will be the bomb.
Hi, Bob.
Well, I believe I am much taller than the moon.

I believe we have Arnold Palmer sitting on the dashboard in my car.
Springtime.
Springtime.
Oh, what a lovely, lovely, lovely hand.
Oh.
Her wallet belongs to Sister Melody.
Dear friends,
Humph, man, this is a great job I've got.
I just have to stand here and gloat on what a fine damn job I've got.
Preaching to rooms full of drunk sinners.
What a kind of church.
Some of these other churches are damn cowardly.
They go into a church building where they know there's not going to be anything but
well-dressed pinks and believers preaching to the saved.
Finally, I get to see my children.
We're talking the sinner's language here, my friends.
We're talking the sinner's language here,
and what we're doing, basically, is tempting sinners.
We can tempt sinners better than the devil can.
We're tempting them away from the devil.
Now, where are we tempting them?
Where they go after that?
It's up to them, although Bob wouldn't be a bad stop on the way.
Listen, Bill, what a great job this is.
It is.
Well, for me, can you imagine being caressed by all those devil,
those half-naked devil gals on stage last night,
right in front of everybody, not to mention healing,
Connie Dobbs, or no, was it those?
And they applauded, and then they probably paid you, too.
Oh, yes, I was handsomely paid,
handsomely paid for total slack,
wallowing, wallowing in slack and ego boost
of what I was doing.

Of course, you know, standing in front of a bunch of people
and getting paid to holler at them
and tell them what idiots they are.
There's no place like my ego.
There's no place like my ego.
Oh.
But, uh, Reverend Cole,
before we get into introductions here,
I have, uh...
Well, this is probably not an unreasonable question.
Why did you pull a gun out and try to kill me last night?
I mean, I appreciate your terrible aim and everything,
and you seem so friendly afterwards.
Well, you know, I had eight shots.
You'd think I'd be able to do it.
Um...
I tried. I tried real hard.
Well, why?
Well, I...
What did I ever do to you?
Oh, you never did anything.
I was defending the honor of Chi-Chi Rodriguez last night,
and, um...
He's jealous about...
See, he's really jealous about all this Arnold Palmer stuff,
and, uh...
I see you have a little bleeding head replica.
Yeah, thanks, Pope Jimbo.
Yeah, bleeding head good.
And he said,
oh, so...
Oh, that's...
He's trying to...
Very bad.
Oh!
Um, yeah.
It wasn't a personal thing, Reverend Stang.
You gotta understand, uh...
You know...
Why not?
Why not try to assassinate Ivan Stang?
I mean, why did...
Why really did Lee Harvey Oswald try to...
Er...
Try?
Shoot!
John F. Kennedy.
Why not?
Look, we know Oswald didn't pull that trigger.
Castro did.
But if that comes out, there's gonna be a war, boy.
Millions of people are gonna die.
And that's a hell of a lot more.
That's more important than Jim Garrison.
I...
I...
I can't say I haven't been saying,
or kill me.
This is true, too.
But, I mean,
isn't it more appropriate to kill Bob?
Well, didn't...
Of course, on the other hand,
there was a certain amount of competition last night.
Jesus was running around at the smart bar last night
with a handgun.
Yes, he was.
And a wound in his side,
and a crown of thorns,
a loincloth,
and a handgun.
He was looking for Bob.
Bob.
Only in this town, I tell you.
People who are in the audience probably saw Jesus
running around very...
He was thrifting everybody.
Well, he was bumming drinks, too.
He got a dollar...
He was real upset.
He was real upset.
If you see him running around town,
you be on the lookout.
He wants his believers back.
He got a dollar from my wife.
He got a dollar from Shannon for a beer.
And then he got the most expensive beer in the house with it.
Yeah, and then I saw him going off with Connie, too.
That's a drinking, fighting Jesus for you, I tell you.
That's a real fighting one.
Yep.
It was...
It was confirmed that he does indeed smoke Chesterfields.
A couple people saw his...
And he has bad aim.
He has very bad aim.
Did he miss Bob?
I wasn't around at that point.
He missed him.
Something must have happened.
We think the bullets were caught in some sort of void time warp or something.
But as far as I know, he was shooting right at him and...
But he did have several conversations with Bob at other times in the evening,
which was very strange.
Yes.
Yes, he did.
He did.
Well, you know.
It was not an accident of Bob's control of the secret sciences learned at Dobstown.
It was a meeting between a short-duration personal savior and a long duration.
It could have been a conspiracy.
It could have been a conspiracy.
Oh.
A couple of people.
Reverend Richards said he saw Connie Dobbs and Jesus...
This is Jesus Christ we're talking about.
...swapping money...
The Jesus H?
...swapping...
The fighting one.
The fighting Jesus.
The fighting Jesus.
Swapping...
Swapping...
Swapping money in the backstage area.
Now, we don't know what that was, but...
Were they swapping spit?
Well, he could use...
Yeah, they could have been swapping spit.
They were oozing and ozzing at each other a couple of times in the audience, crowds say.
Praise Bob.
Hear tell.
And we think there might be something going on.
Folks said that Connie didn't seem too happy about Bob's...
Yes?
...participation in the event.
She was saying, kill Bob.
Kill Bob.
Well, that's what's happened every time he's ever showed up.
This is the first time Dobbs has shown up on anywhere near a subgenius revival since the last two times he got shot in California.
That's true.
And then...
And here Jesus...
It was...
Jesus was kind of like a sloppy drunk.
He was.
I was really let down.
I'd never met Jesus before.
It was very upsetting.
And he was an obnoxious drunk.
And on top of that, he had a handgun.
He's running around in a crowded nightclub.
Well, hey, now...
I'll say it again.
Now, slack to me is no waiting period to buy a handgun.
Well, it's hard to think that that was the same Jesus that brought old Lassie back to life.
No kidding.
Because I tell you...
It was a destructive...
It would have been sloppy surgery, folks.
Take it from me.
That water in the wine trick, it's too easy.
How y'all doing tonight?
Can I hear a hail coming?
Y'all are too muck and fudge.
I'm real glad you guys are muck and fubbing it tonight.
And I want to shed on you the light of what this whole evening's all about.
And I want to give a personal tribute to Reverend Stang, who helped me find my true yeti mate
by showing me the yeti inside my...
And you ought to get a look at that here, friend.
Manning and melding and meshing and meshing and all kinds of gish-gally-miss-molly-niggly-niggly-oogly-oogly-squeeze-me-till-it-hurt-kind-of-ugly.
Hey, ladies.
I've been a little bit distraught tonight.
I haven't seen people dancing.
I haven't seen...
I haven't seen people looking with that animal eye at each other like true yeti people do.
Are we humans or are we aliens, huh?
What are we gonna do tonight?
Fornicate.
Fornicate as if our very lives depended on it, that's right.
And ladies, I know I'm a lucky girl.
Don't hate me because I'm beautiful.
I'm beautiful.
I'm beautiful.
And the Church of the Subgenius, it doesn't matter if you're pretty or beautiful or sexy or any of all that.
It's just as long as you feel good.
Ladies, do you feel good tonight?
I want to hear you how, ladies, louder.
That's the kind of howing I like to hear.
Yeah, me too.
Yeah.
Let's go.
Yeah.
That's what happens.
Yeah.
There was...
What an audience.
I mean, among these sort of lesser deities, there were a wonderful core group of subgeniuses,
real subgeniuses and the ace type people, the folks who are old friends of the, well,
ace, the Association for Consciousness Exploration.
And I keep wanting to say expansion.
Of course, that would mean drugs.
I mean, this is...
Oh, no, no.
We're not talking...
We're...
This is all the legal stuff, like the isolation tanks and the mind machines and the groin machines,
the pelvic...
Boy, they set me up with a...
Folks, I mean, if you've never tried one of those mind machines, they're well worth the
paltry rental price, I'm sure, if you ever run into them.
But the groin machines, it was like a pelvic strobe that they set up for me in the pulpit.
Now, that's what I call real hospitality for a person.
Mm-hmm.
Yes, sir.
Controlled eratosensory stimulation.
It's a new field, but it's a very promising one.
And right there in public, in front of everybody.
Pulsing creatures.
That's why I love to gloat about stuff like this.
I just...
It makes me feel so good to brag about what a great time I've been having.
At everyone else's expense, yes.
If you don't feel good, just the flick of a switch and you'll feel good.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Sick with desire, it is.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.








Dying animal.
It knows not what it is.
Dada.
I'm not just talking about one person.
I'm talking about everybody.
I'm talking about form.
I'm talking about content.
I'm talking about interrelationships.
I'm talking about God, the devil, hell, heaven.
Do you understand?
Finally!
I don't need God.
All establishment.
Sort of.
Don't
I know.
It worked out the other day.







what?

at every opportunity to take on fun and professional rem raining in an airfield.
What else do you think we should?
John, thank you.
Cheers to you.
Cheers to it.


And who, you may ask, you may be dumb enough, ignorant enough to ask,
who is that man J.R. Bob Dodd?
Well, that's a real question, isn't it?
Why?
The how and the who is just scenery for the public.
Oswald, Ruby, Cuba, the Mafia.
Keeps them guessing like some kind of parlor game.
Prevents them from asking the most important question, why?
Why was Kennedy killed?
Who benefited?
Who has the power to cover it up?
Who?
Many don't believe in Bob.
Oh, many, many don't.
Bob's just a joke.
Bob, oh yeah, Bob's dead.
Bob's dead.
Bob's just a joke.
Oh, it's just a satire.
Uh-huh.
If Bob is a joke, then what do you call yourselves, my friends?
And if you can't take one, you know what we're going to do to you.
But what's paramount?
What's paramount?
Is that it might be a joke.
The game must succeed.
No matter how many die, no matter how much it costs,
the perpetrators must be on the winning side
and never subject to prosecution for anything by anyone.
That is a coup d'etat.
Ah, yes.
Well, enough of this assassination business.
It was all in good fun and what's a few bullets between friends, you know?
All in good fun.
It wasn't a personal thing and I missed for crying out loud.
You can't get much mileage out of a live save.
That's what we say.
But a dead save.
A dead save.
And you can use them.
You can put any kind of words in their mouth.
Well, that's just it.
I wanted to wave the bloody shirt.
It's kind of like art.
The value grows up after the artist's death.
Yep.
And he's not around to defend himself or to say,
wait a minute, I didn't say that.
Well, not only that, you can steal it and sell it.
You can steal it and say you said it.
Which is a lot of slack for the savior himself.
Well, you could take a simple phrase,
like if someone slaps you, then turn the other cheek.
And then if he slaps you again, tear his face off
and flay him alive in front of his family.
And they drop the second half of that line and it doesn't make any sense.
That's right.
But he's not around to defend.
I mean, do you think the Jesus that was gunning for Bob last night
was ready to turn any other cheeks?
Man, he wanted to kill before they killed him.
Actually, remove the cheeks.
Remove the cheeks from the face.
This was his ambition there.
Yeah, that was just kind of...
I mean, Bob wasn't particularly drunk.
No.
Considering.
Yeah, considering.
If he was, the man can dance.
He was still wet.
This is true.
The man can dance.
I can't.
Listeners in Dallas and other towns,
when we got here, there was a water crisis.
The water was contaminated.
That's how you knew that it was really Bob,
because the...
The incredible gravitational pull of the man's presence
was enough to cause major water mains to break
and a cold front to come in just while you were on stage.
You know, just the cold front ripped through.
Yep, little leftover of Hurricane Bob.
And you know, if you'd collected water from that rain,
it would be like an aphrodisiac.
That's one of the things that brings the aliens to this planet.
Ah, sort of like the orphan tears of the old times.
Yeah.
I'm here to give my own testimony.
The way I found J.R. Bob Dobbs
was bringing out the Yeti inside myself,
and I want to share with you what I discovered.
Praise Bob.
I'm the infrared woman.
I've got the beast of the abyss between my legs.
I'm tighter than a constipated Scotsman on a paint toilet.
The new age was invented just for me.
I wore the old one out.
I put the magic in sex magic.
I shocked Aleister Crowley and made the last ten popes
give up their vows just for one night with me.
Preach it!
Yeah!
Oh, come on and give me AIDS, baby.
I'll take it and I'll churn it and urine it
and mix it up with my own juices and turn it into nectar
and hide it so sweet and bad, you'll just be waiting for more.
Have great peanut!
I don't charge money.
I just charge slack.
Bob is my slack.
And tonight, we're gonna be renewing our marriage vows.
Because it was these discoveries.
Oh, thank you so much.
Praise Bob.
He may be done, but God, he's cute.
Well, listen, y'all.
I want you to happy up and start partying like you're true aliens.
Let the rails go, genius!
And I want women to be wiggling and waggling and jiggling and jiggling.
And I want you boys to get your go-gags going.
Whoo!
Are we gonna have fun?
Yes!
Are we gonna have fun?
This was the most spectacular subgenius revival there has been
since Bob was killed in San Francisco.
Praise Bob.
The most backup, the most lovely pulpit,
covered with garish, garish subgenius artwork.
Lasers, smoke machines, like I say, the prancing, lascivious devil gals.
Mm-hmm.
Too much in there.
Red devil gals.
I'd like to apologize for the lack of cavorting, writhing devil males.
And also, some of the pornographic video that I showed was a little bit heavy on the...
the female-style porno, which...
I mean, it was... I was...
I didn't have time to go to anybody else's collection, you know.
But it was...
The nonstop video projections, the background, the...
the...
When the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer was launched
and flew out over the audience, showering them with blood...
It was religious.
And the way the blood would sort of freeze in midair,
and as the head went over, it would freeze in midair like in a Disney cartoon
and then sort of slowly float down and would turn into, like,
this sweet-smelling mana.
And that was...
When it landed, it was this sort of tingling sensation.
I got it all over me.
It was this tingling...
Like it was seeping into me and I was receiving some sort of gift.
It was the most interesting effect that I've experienced.
Bad pills return to good pills.
Oh, we had the bucket of pills.
The bucket of pills were there.
Two buckets of pills.
Two buckets of pills, as a matter of fact.
Two buckets of pills.
Uh, the pills containing that which is inside J.R. Bob Dobbs' head.
And we were casting them unto the multitudes.
Unto the multitudes?
Pills of mush. Pills of mush.
Pills of slack. Pills of revolution, my friends!
Uh, oh, but I got to look...
I got a good look at that head this time
in between the short period that it was outside of the lead-lined arc.
Mm-hmm.
The new arc of the new head.
And I got a good look.
Boy, that stump, that new head has just a hell of a stump.
All them guts dangling out.
Oh, it does.
Just the right coagulation.
That special head enhancement.
You could have more fun with that than a JFK exit wound and a prairie squirt.
Oh, I did.
They didn't just cut his head off.
You could tell, man.
They cut the head off.
They didn't just cut his head off.
Very slowly ripped off.
I luckin' fubbed it.
I sure love feel good!
I got a head for my fans and I need to dance!
Can't pass a piece, I can't pass a piece, I can't pass a piece, I can't pass a hitman!
Hey!
And, hey, children, what does it all mean?
This stuff is really rich!
Please don't edit it to pieces.
I luckin' fubbed it.
Now, I'll show you the full picture.

That's the face of the guy.
That's the face of the guy.
That's the face of the guy.
That's the face of the guy.
That's the face of the guy.
That's the face of the guy.
That's the face of the guy.
Now, Sister Mary Squared, all contrary, you hold your language to FCC approved demonology regulations.
Well, twist me and turn me and tie me up and spurn me.
I'm sorry, Reverend Stang.
I just, I just, that, that sex hurt sequence in the, in the, in the late evening, it just, whoo, it riled me!
It riled me!
There was some healings going on that night.
There was some healings.
And thank you, thank you for saving me.
Oh, my pleasure.
Put it up for conspiracies.
Woo!
Exit wound.
Woo!
Say, we've got a new method for exterminating nine-tenths of the population, and you'll really dig it.
What is it?
What is it?
What is it?
What?
Wouldn't you like to know?
Oh, God!
But the headquarters of the church, if you'd call headquarters, the headquarters of the church,
which is where we organize religion at, is a skyscraper in Dallas, Texas.
Yeah!
Dallas, Texas, where I live.
I hate it so much I refuse to leave for long.
They call Dallas, well, it's part of the Bible Belt, and because Bob Tilton and Brother Gene Scott,
so many other preachers come from there, just like so many come from Cleveland area.
It's called the Bible Belt.
Well, Dallas is called the buckle of the Bible Belt.
What we have been called to do by J.R. Bob Dobbs and his lovely wife, Connie, is to unbuckle the Bible Belt
so that its stupid-looking pants may drop to its knees, and it will be forced to gaze unflinching upon its own private design.
Pastor Bucknagin and I were preaching in the drug gang in Dallas, Texas, not long ago.
We were preaching to the drug addicts, drugs, homosexuals, and fornicators, and prostitutes, and so forth, and they came down there.
And one thing we were trying to get them to quit fornicating and prostituting and drinking,
we just wanted them to be able to have fun doing it, you know?
Yeah!
And profitable.
Yeah!
Not necessarily in money, but in slack.
We wanted them to get slack-doing it.
Stay out of jail.
But those prisoners said,
Oh, but Bob, or well, they said Reverend Stack, Reverend Necky, how can Bob understand my problems?
Bob is a rich man. He's a powerful man.
My friends, I want to tell you that Bob Dobbs has walked in the shoes of the sinner, of the fornicator, of the drunkard, the drug addict,
and the homosexual.
Yeah!
He's a sinner, and he's a saint.
He's, because he doesn't know the difference.
He is a true innocent.
That man, J.R. Bob Dobbs, is a true innocent.
He doesn't know the difference between walking a little old lady across the street and committing sex tortures on her,
as long as it's mutually consenting.
Of course. Don't get me wrong.
The main thing is, Bob wants you to do everything to the facts.
He doesn't want you to do anything half-way.
That's the conspiracy talk of when you do things half-way.
He said, Bob said one time, he said, my friends, don't just eat the hamburger, eat the hell out of it.
Eat the hell out of it, my friends.
.
.
.
.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
She doesn't know you're trying to makeしょう
Still, he treats you like arika on the Atlantis Island.
I say, indeed.
Pardon me?
There was an infinity of healings in the infinity box.
Yeah, okay, there was this psychedelicatessen, as you might call it,
or as I called it, the haunted house show,
on the third floor, which normally is abandoned in this club space.
But the ace people came in, and the great saint, Joe Rothenberg,
Uncle Joe.
Created, not single-handedly, of course, but as the key director, I guess,
of this, it was like every toy that a brain-damaged person
could ever want to roll around in, like little special,
they had dark mazes and cubbyholes and strobe-lit psychedelic spots,
and people...
People were doing things in there.
It was like walking into the pit of hell at times.
The sinning...
I realized what a really straight-laced old Midwestern feller I am when...
Oh, God, I mean, it was like the scene in the Doors movie
where Jim Morrison goes to the Andy Warhol party.
I felt that way a couple of times.
Man, I'm out of my element here.
This is...
I don't know what these people are doing.
But by the same token, we overheard people...
People saying the things they said about us.
It's like, those people are weird.
It's like, yeah, well, they're supposed to be...
No, I mean, I mean, those people are...
They're weird!
They're 80s.
Well, yeah, of course.
But, no, I mean, I mean, you know, they're...
They're weird.
Did you think it was an act?
And some of those trendy, trendy folks all dressed up in black
with their $50 haircuts designed to show that they don't care how they look.
Hmm.
The most fun was to watch them refuse to really participate
or show anything beyond a detached, cool, sophisticated sort of judgment,
judgmental, the way they look at bands, you know, without tapping their toes.
Now, some of them later on may have been dancing themselves to a frenzy
once they took their false conspiracy street drugs
or got drunk or whatever it is they do.
But we want to thank them.
We want to...
For the money.
The money.
The money.
The money.
The money.
The money that they gave us.
The drinks you bought us.
They pay us to make fun of them, to mock them and to show them,
to tell them to their faces what shallow, just hollow individ...
There were people there that were like living cartoons.
And you could see where Republicans come from.
No offense to my Republican friends,
but you know the type that are like these young fashion lawyers and accountants
and so forth, nothing wrong with being an accountant or a lawyer,
It's just this whole combination of perfect pinkness.
And the great thing to watch is their smugness,
which is the ultimate illustration of their own stupidity.
And, I mean, when somebody looks stupid compared to the subgeniuses,
who are definitely the sloppiest, most, you know, late-to-work bunch of people you could ever hope to find,
it's, oh, God, it was almost an orgy of disgust on the part of the true mutants
and kind of scruffy ace and subgenius folks that were engaged in making quite a bit of money, actually,
as it turned out, off of this new rave dancing trend.
There was never enough money, though.
Oh, no, too much is always better than...
Too much is.
Too much is always better than...
We spend it.
Yeah, we go through it really fast, and, of course, you don't mean the home for slackless children and all.
And keeping this radio ministry on the air, dear friends,
when was the last time Bob saw your money in the collection plate
or your spray paint can out there on the bridge abutments?
And we're...
By the way, I think we should all give honor at this moment, speaking of such things,
to Pope Jimbo, the father of subgeniuses.
Oh.
In Cleveland, for spreading the word of J.R. Bob Dobbs in the most spectacular and dangerous ways.
Just so long as you don't accuse me of actually holding the spray can.
I've never done it.
No, absolutely not.
There's always people who can be, you know, dependent upon it.
Yeah, well, I know this one very, you know, dastardly fellow who was...
He was spraying on a...
Spraying on a...
What is it?
A dumpster down in the flats.
And he got caught.
By the police.
But somehow Bob just came along and blinded that cop.
And the cop just drove away.
This is a true story.
Well, according to this guy, it's true.
It happened a couple years ago.
Yeah?
How did that go down now?
Well, you mean...
This was the guy that was really just putting giant, giant garish bombs...
Yeah, yeah, he had a big...
From the way he told me, he had a big stencil with some Dayglo paint on his green dumpster.
And...
And...

Yeah, he was...
He had the...
He had the...
Had the...
And his left hand had the stencil.
And his right hand had the spray can.
His left hand was covered with paint.
A cop rides up on a motorcycle and says,
What's going on here?
And he looked him in the face.
Just like in Star...
What was it?
Star Wars?
Yeah, Obi-Wan Kenobi.
There it is.
These are not the droids you're looking for.
Yeah.
That's right.
Well, almost like that.
Yeah, you know, it's perfectly all right, officer.
My car is just overheating.
And the cop looked him in the face and said,
Okay, and drove away.
Praise that man, Bob.
He can blind things.
Bless him.
Bless him.
None are so blind as those who have no eyes.
Well, he thinks he can impart on them some of his own blindness.
You know, he's blind.
I've got some inside stuff about certain kind of do-gooder outfits.
There's an outfit called...
Now, they may not have fine intentions, you know,
but it's called the...
The Task Force on Youth Violence or Gang Violence or Violent Gangs or something like that.
But there's a kind of a heavy set fella runs it.
And he's out.
And Bob told me personally that he thanks the man for the publicity.
But they're out there at these seminars telling folks that Bob is a, quote now,
satanic trigger.
And a gang symbol, right?
Yes.
And the thing is...
We've heard the satanic stuff, but the gang tie-in,
there are hundreds and hundreds of people in this town who have seen the seminar,
who have seen Bob's face up on the screen.
Most of these are police, right?
That type.
Well, a lot of them, like, people who try to help young folks get back on the pink track and so forth.
But, yeah, straight and narrow.
That was it.
But, yeah, they put his face up on the screen
and started talking about how the gangs put his face up on billboards and stuff.
And this is the truth now.
A lot of you folks out there have probably seen this,
but that Bob's eyes follow you wherever you go
and you can never leave these youth gangs that sell crack on the street.
Right, because Bob is always watching.
Bob is watching you and keeping you in the gang.
And it's true that Bob is watching you, but somehow it's hard for me to imagine...
Well, I mean, in a way, the church of subgenius is a gang, certainly.
Yeah, yeah.
But it's a fellowship.
It's a benevolent fellowship.
It's a benevolent fellowship, sort of like the Masons or the Rosicrucians.
We're just learning.
But only for real this time.
Instead, we didn't just make stuff up like that.
Are there really gangs of slackers wandering the streets of Cleveland saying,
well, you know, maybe I'll rob a liquor store when I can get around to it?
Yeah, that's it.
That's it.
They would be violent and so forth, but they're master procrastinators.
They're mostly rewardians and, you know, the rewardian types of geniuses.
And...
And...
It's like, if I have to, I might rob that liquor store.
But that's the nature.
The truest form of slack is when you just conceive of it, know you can do it, and then don't do it.
They get...
They'll break into your car and listen to the radio for a while.
And lock it back up afterwards.
They eventually decide that that really is false slack anyway.
That is, if they really are true subgenius.
Speaking of false slack...
If they're false slack, the pink boy who has the foam core giant Dobbs head in his dorm room or whatever will die.
Yeah.
And it won't be pleasant.
Yes.
Stolen from the ark.
Yes.
Well, it will explode.
Yes.
So...
Yes.
Oh, I think there's going to be a storm, a storm on the pink boys this week in Cleveland.
Speaking of pink boys, I hear tell that one of those stud-puppy pea boys took out old Reverend Pete's photography.
And camera...
The curse...
The curse of the camera...
The curse of the camera...
It shall be upon...
The curse of Connie shall be upon them.
Connie Ma.
See, that doesn't happen to you.
At the ace events like Starwood, which are held out in the boonies for obvious reasons, I've noticed that people never worry about...
It's like everything's on the honor system.
There's equipment laying around everywhere.
Everywhere.
And nothing's ever been stolen.
Now, lost.
Oh, yeah.
Car keys or anything.
Wallets.
Transformed.
Transmogrified.
But not actually stolen.
Void magic.
You can't avoid the noid, but you can annoy the void.
Praise Bob.
And we love to irritate that void.
Because we're for something.
We're not for nothing.
We're not destructive, entropic organization.
This is a full squirt gospel we're preaching.
Absolutely.
Full squirt.
It's important news.
We've got to be, you know, equal opportunity about this.
And now this is the new church.
Thank you, Reverend Stank.
Hail Connie.
The gals are now becoming even more sexist and disgusting than the guys ever could think about.
That's right.
Connie is more and more manifest every day.
Every day.
She just keeps gaining and gaining and gaining.
Hail Connie.
Hail Connie.
I'm going to let you hear from somebody you'd probably more likely hear from.
Sister Mary.
I swear to all contraire.
Right here, boys.
And you've got to behave yourself, you sinners, no-goods, ne'er-do-wells.
And she's going to tell you how to pull the wool over your own eyes.
And relax in the safety of your own delusions.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Well, thank you, Reverend Stank.
A lady just came up here.
A woman of knowledge.
And her eyes would be appropriate, don't you think?
Hail Connie.
Well, whip me, beat me, and tell me I'm pretty.
I want to holler, but the town's too small.
I'm here to talk about the goddess in the church of the subgenius, Connie.
Connie.
To describe Connie to you in simple terms is, well, Connie's kind of kicking Bob's ass behind him so they can make sure that they have all the slack they need.
Bob gets a little confused every now and then.
The conspiracy tries to pull the wool over his eyes.
And Bob's not all that smart, so, well, you all can understand.
There are many.
There are many.
There are many things in this world today that are frightening and confusing.
In fact, confusion is rampant in the minds of us men.
Or rather, women.
In fact, while one person is swearing to one way of life, another set of ideas are entirely separate.
Maybe swimming around in that person's head.
Hey, why?
I'm not even in our own church.
Yes!
Even here there are those among us who profess to be subgenius.
They even act like us, but all, all come true.
Inside they're bleak and confused little minds.
Very tight and normal.
You know, I'll tell you something, though.
It is almost impossible.
It is impossible to inspire.
You cannot inspire a pink.
The pink cannot realize slack.
Because when I performed the mass short-duration marriage of the entire crowd at midnight,
and it was quick, it was to the point, but it was a pretty forceful marriage ceremony.
Now, boy, I tell you, give me a tent show full of hippies or a damn punk club, you know,
with 25, uh, 10,000 people.
And, uh, kids, just scruffy kids in it, anytime, over these young lawyers in their, um, fashionable
outfits who are afraid when, when, when the marriage ceremony calls out for them to hold
each, uh, hold onto each other and shake, uh, shake on it.
Uh, they do, they neither vibrate nor clutch.
Mmm.
When they're instructed to form the temple of devo with the one finger forming a circle
and the other partner inserting the finger into that.
Mm.


Self-same symbolic, um, hole.
Uh, they don't.
There is a smattering, of course, of, of, uh, the truly self-amusing personalities,
the subgenius type people out there who are into it.
I mean, and they, and then when it's time to kiss, you know, it's like you must now
kiss or else you, and you have to consummate this marriage or else you make a mockery of
the holy institution.
Those people just stand there with their, it would be with their mouths open except
their, they know somebody might be looking at them.
So they hold their mouths closed, but.
They look like boobers.
It made me sick.
It made me sick to see those, I mean, they are, you give them the excuse, you, you, you
show them the slack, you dangle it in front of them.
They're members of the difficult.
And they'd rather have the conspiracy void itself in their face.
They've been diff.
They pay, and they're, they're happy to pay 20% interest to have the conspiracy water
them down rather than to, uh, show any, uh, bias.
Everybody, everybody in these bars knows Boob?
Yes.
And that's the first thing Derby, or in this, uh, liquidOH, this industry has been
known for, and that's only about to anyone, anybody, this industry enough to tryقick
everybody around their head and she goes, Well, do you, do you think your partner's
too good to be true?
Well, we, we structure this community we wanted to preserve or are gonna grow, we are unique,
which is probably just as well.
It just shat... It hurts me to think
that those people reproduced.
Too hip to be slack.
Yeah.
You know, there were a few
Beechwood Pink Flight types
that were converted, though.
I saw them.
Yeah, it's true.
They really were.
There were, um...
They were.
There were people...
People were coming up to me
blubbering in their drunkenness,
saying,
Oh, man, look, man,
my life up until now was, like,
totally, totally screwed,
but I just didn't lie, man.
It's like, you guys are doing it great, man.
It's like, praise Bob.
And I'd go, well, um,
come down to the sales table, you know,
because you need to, you know...
Spend money.
Oh, yeah, yeah, I'm gonna spend...
I'm gonna give everything to Bob.
And then they...
It's a shame that they won't remember
tomorrow any of that.
Well, if you've got their wallets,
they don't have to.
Well, some of them did come and...
Let's be fair.
Some of them may need more than a single dose.
We'll have to do this again.
That's right.
And some of them did let Bob into their minds.
And they still have time
till they make it to the post.
That's fine.
Others of them perhaps need
a stronger motivation in the marriage.
Maybe a short-duration shotgun wedding
might be the thing to try.
Hey, I like that idea.
Yeah, get more people paid to see violence.
I've got a few weapons.
I'm gonna force you to be temporary.
I have a few weapons.
And you know, dear friends,
you two can have the slack of Bob and Connie
in your pants or wallets or skirts,
whatever.
You can have that.
You can have that.
If you're ready to not just overdo that sex hurt,
but to overdo the hell out...
Don't just overdo eating the hell out of that hamburger.
Do the hell out of overdoing eating that hamburger.
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
My friends, there are parts of the body
that still are not aware of Bob dogs.
Oh!
Which one?
And these gloves must achieve slack
or they won't do you any good at all.
I'll show you,
but I don't want to embarrass the youth.
I'm not gonna be a human around here
who are still measuring in length
rather than in number of.
However,
I'd like to talk a little bit about
all these body parts.
You have body parts that are erogenous zones
that you don't even...
you never would dream of.
And the reason for that is because
you're not in touch with your true yeti self.
Probably because you have not yet met
your true yeti mate,
which is the only way to discover
what those parts are for.
We're still trying to figure out
where some of them go.
Although, everything seems to work at times.
There's a doctrine in the church called
Sex Hurt.
A rather misunderstood doctrine it is.
Sex Hurt.
People tend to think,
well, does that mean like tying them up
or bondage or something?
No, no, no.
That means sex until it hurts.
Until it feels so good that it hurts.
You don't have to stop because it hurts,
but because it feels so good that it hurts.
And as Bob Dobbs said,
too much is always better than not enough.
I see some people having to read their prescriptions.
I'm glad to see that.
But the yetis, the yet are our ancestors.
Those of us who still have some yeti genes left.
And you can usually tell,
I look a little funny.
Or else they act a little funny.
Those are the main clues you have.
But the yetis of Atlantis were able to practice
strange, what we would call strange sex,
only because the conspiracy hadn't been invented.
When the humans escaped,
that's when the conspiracy came along.
But the yetis of Atlantis,
eight feet tall at the least,
covered with hair,
different kinds of hair.
It could change color.
It could ruffle up for different purposes,
you know, on different parts of their bodies.
And we're able to use what's called
tantric deviation technology.
They did not need,
when we say technology,
we're talking about mental telepathy
used to manipulate body parts.
It may sound like science fiction to you,
but that's only because, as I say,
you may not have met your true yeti mate yet.
We cannot guarantee that you will meet your true yeti mate
in the Church of the Subgenius,
although the likelihood is tremendously increased.
And of course, some of you are saying,
oh, God have mercy, man,
I haven't been able to get laid in three years.
I'm a mutant.
Come on, let's face it.
Well, you're going to have to quit being so picky,
for one thing.
For another thing,
for another thing,
even if it's not your true yeti mate,
if you both pretend it's your true yeti mate,
you will probably figure out what those parts are for.
It's a strange thing to watch.
You can't tell where one ends and where the other begins.
After they start breathing with each other's lungs
going back and forth like two balloons inside out,
they start changing shape.
They literally start changing shape
until they're pressed together so hard
that their hearts,
first they kind of sync up,
so they're both beating at the same time,
their brain waves are all synced up,
everything's sort of pulsing and throbbing at the same rate,
and then their hearts literally push through the rib cage,
all the way through.
It doesn't hurt. It feels great.
I've been cold.
And then the whole body cavity begins to join up,
and pretty soon it's just one hairy thing
that's just working and changing and so forth.
I do not call it a mistake.
I do not call it a mendacity.
I call it sin.
I call it sin.

This is the old bay.
This is the old bay.





Boom.
Boom.
If Joe's jigsaw was blows,
then it should have.
you want to use that well it might be time hope to reach a point of critical mass that'll start
a chain reaction of people coming forward then the government will crack remember fundamentally
people are suckers for the truth and the truth is on your side bubba
there were people there though who rejected bob in fact pope jimbo was telling me there were um
these like placed black sheets of paper big black sheets of paper under black lights and fluorescent
crayons that you could the crowd could draw and doodle psychedelically under the black light
and someone had written what reject bob and follow jesus yeah yeah and that was great that's fine
you don't hate bob but at least give him
the favor
Yeah, well, it could have been.
But the thing that really ticked me off was there was no quotation marks around Bob.
Now, at least give him the quotation marks.
So I went up there with a different color and put the quotation marks.
Hate Bob, but do it right.
Right.
None of this half-assed hate.
Leave it to these Christian moonies or whoever it was that can't even get his name.
Can't even spell Bob right.
Reverend Stang, Reverend Stang and gang, what we're going to do now is we're going to take a little break
because it would be time to flip the tape for everyone else who is going to get this show somewhere down the road.
This is Hour of Slack number 344, correct?
Yeah, 343.
343? Is that it?
343 and a half.
There we go. Excellent.
So we're going to take a small break to gather ourselves, and in the meantime, folks will get to listen to this.
Oh, hello. I'm Dr. Howell of the Church of the Subgenius.
I suppose many of you...
even at this late date are somewhat confused and maybe a bit bothered about just what are a subgenius anyway.
It's rather a bit esoteric and theological.
I don't claim to know all of it.
In fact, I don't know of any human being can claim honestly to know it all.
But we hope in our indoctrination centers in Dobstown, Malaysia, to inculcate a sort of sub knowledge, which will allow even our most illiterate,
backward, po-bucker,
initialization, to get to the bottom of this.

I don't think we should be so ambitious to leap at it intuitively, take the leap of faith in the dark, and not fall down the stairs and shatter the milk bottle.
Oh, I love those false endings. Aren't they great?
We're back. This is live. Hour of Slack.
Well, get on and get one, mate. It's a raving scene.
And when you were in London, they probably met you.
Bob's your uncle.
You bet us a nine-bomb note he was.
None.
Nothing like a hot dog.
A hot god. Hey, may I have some mustard on that hot god?
Hot god.
You want your god cooked well done?
You want it crucified? How do you want it?
Over easy? Electric chair? How do you want to do that god?
Barbecue poke?
Yep. I'll have a fried dob, please.
Dob.
With lots of grease.
Or a dob on a stick.
And a gob on a stick.
Did anybody do any smart drinks?
Yes.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, that's right. They were selling smart drinks.
Now, what? Did anyone have one?
Did that turn any of you into geniuses instead of subgeniuses?
I was drinking stupid drinks myself.
Yeah, we had a whole display of stupid drinks down in the psychedelic contestant that was just much more popular with the people.
You could tell they were getting stupider all the time.
Yes, we took the smart bar and we turned it into, well, the better bar.
Not necessarily because of the bar.
Not necessarily because we were smarter, but because...
Just better.
Just better.
Better.
Yeah.
Better.
We're not... In fact, Philo and I were meditating on that recently. We were talking about this new craze of smart drugs, all these mega vitamins and things.
It was like, why in the world would any subgenius want to be smarter? I mean, we've...
Yeah.
Half of us have spent years trying to get rid of those excess brain cells.
It's not a linear scale. You see, it's circular. So you get far enough to one end and you go smarter.
You're going to slip around and find yourself at the subgenius side.
Right. Or, well, at a certain point in there, they join Mensa and that's the lowest point.
Well, the normals are basically smarter than... too smart for their own good right now. And that's where a lot of the trouble comes. It's not that we're really not trying to...
Oh, they got all the brains in the world, but they don't know what slack is.
That's right. They have to be undarkened before they can be truly...
Yes.
And I can...
Contracted consciousness is the name of the game.
And Philo pointed out that what we've already... You know, we used the stupid drugs to keep ourselves from becoming mass murderers. But, you know, those got tiresome, of course. And so what we need now are great drugs, which make you great.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Because we've got a great monkey on our back.
Uber drugs.
Uber drugs.
Uber drugs.
We need more greatness.
Uber drugs.
Uber drugs.
Uber drugs.
Uber drugs.
Uber drugs.
Uber drugs.
Uber drugs.
Uber drugs.
Uber drugs.
Uber drugs.
Orb트레
Orb트레
ants.
また
