From PR News in Washington, I'm 517% contained.
It is now the largest PR news in recorded history.
President Turkey charges there's a plot to crush this nation's turkeys.
Washington wants turkeys.
The Trump doubled aluminum turkeys and revealed a turkey plot against PR News.
The five nations surrounding the Caspian Sea have reached the world's largest landlocked body of water.
The latest Trump has more.
For over 25 years, the Caspian is the only problem.
No one is providing details, which means PR News in Moscow.
As investigators cause deadly havoc in the state of Washington,
experts are advising there is worrying potential for PR News in the state of Washington.
Put a smile in your smoking.
A subgenius.
I rate a slap.
Smoother.
Hi, Bob.
Cooler.
Cooler.
Check it out.
Best for you.
Oh, I see.
Well, that's too bad.
Kill me.
Oh, you don't care.
Go ahead.
Kill me.
And now, you must die.
What the hell do you think you're doing?
It should be painfully obvious by now that the world as we know it won't last too damn much longer.
And what are you doing about it?
Going to work or school?
Coming home?
Goofing around?
What's going to happen to your routine when all the...
comes down on us at once?
Don't you feel responsible for trying to help this endangered planet?
No?
Good.
The fact is, it's too late.
There is one damn thing you as an individual can do about eco-disaster, nuclear death, overpopulation,
and so forth.
Things are going to hell on a fast train, and about the only thing you, or anyone else
besides the Rockefellers can do about it is to just sit back and watch the show.
But remember, the end of the world may be much worse and take a whole lot longer than
you thought.
The mere act of sitting in your home watching everything fall apart on TV may be too much
for even the stoutest brains to take.
In fact, I'm not sure I can do that.
The more alert and intelligent you are, the quicker you'll likely be driven to suicide
by the sheer hideousness of what you'll be seeing.
Will you be ready?
Will you still be sane enough to laugh when that which must come to pass comes to pass?
Will you ever get slack?
We are spreading the word of Bob.
Bob speaks through many of his called ministers.
And we compile the words of Bob.
It is now in one location.
I can't say it's easy to read.
But there is a book of the subgenius available at bookstores that aren't run by the conspiracy.
Well, McGraw-Hill never had it so good.
They didn't know what they were getting into.
They did not know what they were getting into.
We managed to get this thing out into the stores before their lawyers ever saw it, praise
Bob.
And we are, it is moving.
Bob is moving.
You give money to the church and you get your value's worth.
They have given the church money for this book and whether they like it or not, the
church is going to make this book a habit.
And so the church of the subgenius offers hope to a disbelieving world.
There is a lot to laugh about here.
But Reverend Ivan Stang says the subgenius message is not to be taken lightly.
People get very upset about cults in general and for a very good reason.
What they tend to forget is that whoever they are, they are in a cult.
America is a cult.
Because what is the, if Ronald Reagan tells us to make a lot of nuclear weapons, we are
going to waste without giving us a good place to put it.
How is that any different from Jim Jones talking 900 people into committing suicide?
Either way, the cult zombies do what the leader asks.
And Bob is here, this is the cult that will literally end all cults.
We do not believe that the end justifies the means, but we believe that Bob justifies the
means because Bob will prevent the end.
Or at least make sure it happens properly.
Ivan Stang and David Meyer predict that 1984 will be a big year for the church of the subgenius.
They say the cult may look weird and shocking today, but a year from now, when the presidential
campaign heats up and people see the choices they are truly confronted with, they will
run to Bob with open arms as the only sane alternative.
Upcoming revival meetings will be held in Chicago, Austin, Texas, Baltimore, and Minneapolis.
In New York, I'm Tom Vitale for National Public Radio.
Two and two are Bob, four and four are Bob, Satan ate my homework, me he is sexting Jehovah
One.
Two and two are Bob, four and four are Bob, Satan ate my homework, me he is sexting Jehovah
One.


Donald Trump, beloved by millions.
Too frightened and brainwashed, to see that they're being scammed.
I've got a big plan, to make some money, huge big big money oh so big big money.
I got a big plan to make some money
Just give me a chance, at first it might seem funny
Got me a plow, all kinds of seeds
I'm leaving now, I got everything I need
I bought some land for a tenth of what it's worth
I understand it's the finest dirt on earth
It's under ice, but the ice won't last
Go ahead, look twice, you'll see it's melting fast
And my friends, I'm gonna pump green land
And I'm gonna get rich, gonna work my big plan
For the big brains, bitch, the presidency levels
But what do they do?
They just keep pumping out that CO2
I bet you like eating, but the Midwest just gets drier
Potatoes take a beating when Idaho's on fire
I'll be the man when the food supply is slipping
I'll gladly meet demand with a modest price
I'm not growing big cherries, fresh berries, black, straw, and blue
Green beans, pinto, lime, and soy, and kidney too
I grow cotton, fennel, corn, and lentils, garlic, sage, and parsley
Green tomatoes, sweet potatoes, unspecified beans, and barley
And maybe some buck toy
I'm gonna pump green land, and I'm gonna get rich
Gonna work my big plan for the big brains, bitch
The dinosaurs, they say it's cool, but what do they do?
They just keep pumping out that CO2
I'm gonna pump green land, gonna make a huge profit, and I'm gonna get rich


Found, but I've kept our mansion where I live in style
But I wanted your help to make my dreams come true
So keep on pumping out that CO2
I'll buy stock in a company that makes a pill for allergies
Everyone will choke and sneeze on pollen dripping from the trees
Lads and lasses on their knees, all the masses beg us please
Ours will be their one relief once we have killed off all the bees
Climate change is short to pay for those of us who find a way
I'm brainstorming every day to come out on top, come what may
Yo, I just found out yesterday
I got a new job, I got a new job, I got a new job


But the zoning board's okay to build on what will be the bay
A beach resort in Santa Fe
Yes, the first oceanfront casino and hotel in Santa Fe, New Mexico
Food, fun, and the chance to win big on the shores of the Atlantic Ocean
Ski resorts up in Alaska will close their lips and then
Your granddaughter won't ask you
Papa, what's up, baby?
But there's still lots to do each year
From spring ride on through winter
Just need a boat and school of gear to visit Epcot Santa
Still charging $21.95 to get in, though
Now we all know that you like your air-conditioned
And that's how you travel, go just by sitting there and wishing
Blind gets ocean, keeps it pumping, let's all use them more
Convenience shows, so just be cool, don't listen to our gore
What does he know anyway, man?
I've got my Greenland and I'm gonna get rich
Gonna work my big plan for the big brain bitch
Back when I went greenhouse, ooh, but what do they do?
Ooh, they just keep pumping out that CO2
Ah, I'm feeling about Greenland
Gonna make a huge pile
Let the air in my tires drive a thousand miles
With the fridge door open, whatever I can do
Just keep on pumping out that CO2
I'm the важy wizard who's toasting to things

With 20 grand in hand, as you all do
Your friends get Dirt lil period
Waiting in line to 인 transient
Cos creates me raisin'
Woman says, I think you should move to "'Liberia'
Cause you're both just plug-in
It's redeemable if your ost Believe us, good boy
Burstin' irons there is a Soldin-
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
Love it!
I love it!
Forgive me!
Oh, yeah!
Yes, that tape ends that way, friends.
It ends that way,
and this is the way the world ends,
with sounding like it's cut off,
like the tape ran out all of a sudden.
Maybe.
Neither bang nor whimper.
Oh, yeah?
Oh, yeah, Dr. Sinister is here.
This is our next-to-last show.
Oh, but I should do credits,
because the cowboy should be calling in soon.
Okay, well, we just heard that...
Maybe I'll be able to understand
what he was saying someday,
but that was Reverend...
Reverend Wat D. Falk.
And that weird-sounding version
of All Along the Watchtower in the background,
I played that a couple of shows ago,
and I forgot to give the credit for that.
That was...
Fid Chooley did that mix
of Hendrix and All Along the Watchtower
and California Dreamin'
by the Mamas and the Papas.
Somehow they, I guess, used all the same chords,
and he adjusted the timing a little bit.
Dun-dun-dun-dun.
Dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun.
The instrumental before that,
where Reverend Angry Larry yelled,
Snake Eyes!
That's called Snake Eyes
from the Slot Rods' first album.
We missed them playing in Salem, Ohio, yesterday.
Oh, my.
We couldn't have gone anyway.
No.
All the collages were by Lee Murr,
except at the very beginning, it was by me.
The spoken word thing,
with the real heavy,
the heavy music was by John Shirley
from his album
Spaceship Landing in a Cemetery.
And it's called Silicon Embrace,
which was the name of one of his books
about aliens.
He's a science fiction writer,
among other things.
And that book has subgenius character names
all through it.
Silicon Embrace.
Oh, oh!
The song I'm Gonna Fall,
Farm Greenland,
was by the Liberty Tubes.
That's St. Andrew the Impaled's band.
And I had just thrown it into the folder for this week,
just at random.
I thought, I remembered it being a good song.
I heard it in the car a couple of months ago.
And all of a sudden, it was topical,
extremely topical,
about making money off Greenland.
Because,
as the,
planet burns,
Greenland will,
it'll be a lot easier to mine
precious materials out of there.
And infected mammoths.
Let's see.
Reverend Wat D. Falk also did that little piece
near the beginning that
was like a Bobby chant
that turns into a Trump chant.
And there was an ancient NPR report
about the book of the subgenius.
From 1984.
And yet, it sounds just like it was done yesterday.
You know, I have a fond memory of a rant you gave once
at a D-Vival where you talked about taking a news holiday.
You just did a total news blackout for like six months
or a year or something like that.
And you came back and what did you find?
I don't remember.
They were still talking about the exact same stuff.
Oh, well, yeah.
Nothing has changed at all.
You look at a newspaper from the 1920s,
it's mostly the same problems.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Except nowadays the Ku Klux Klan,
you know, they've taken off their hoods now.
Oh, no kidding.
Oh, yeah.
They're proud now.
They're announcing their racism proudly.
And many people do.
Many people say so.
Hmm.
Oh, well.
I learned things about my uncles I never knew
until Trump came along.
Well, you know, at least there's still Vermin Supreme.
Vermin Supreme is...
Actually, he told us at Starwood
that he might get the Libertarian nomination.
Mm-hmm.
Not that...
It's like, well, I'll swallow my pride.
Was it Libertarian?
Yeah.
Yes.
Libertarians.
I still wouldn't vote for him.
Well, he...
Well, I would not recommend anyone...
Waste their vote on a third party ever again...
I'm not going to.
...until the third parties become competitive.
Because right now it honestly is a throwaway.
On the other hand, if I were to throw away my vote,
Vermin would be the first person I'd throw it at.
Just for fun.
But I don't vote for fun like so many people do.
And I don't vote to make myself feel better.
I really do vote according to what I think is going to be...
the most logical thing for...
I always say, why settle for the lesser of two evils
when you could have all the evil for a fraction of the price?
Right.
And that's why you should vote for Dr. Sinister.
Oh, okay.
Which party are you going to be on?
The subgenius beach party?
The patriopsychotic anarcho-materialist party, of course.
Oh, of course.
I forgot, almost.
Every yard a kingdom.
Every dog a surf.
And every checkbook a queendom.
We're Second Amendment absolutists.
I believe that I have the right to my own nuclear weapons.
Sure, hey.
And if my neighbor happens to be enriching uranium in his basement,
I have the right to nuke my next door neighbor.
I'll be fine, I'm sure.
Yeah, sure.
Everything will be just fine.
Everything's going to be just fine.
Poor Dave.
I hope he's not having that...
Just ducky.
I hope he's not having that problem.
I hope he's not having that problem with his competence.
I hope he's not having that problem either.
Poor Dave.
He said this is medication he has to take for his old ticker.
I think I see the phone ringing.
Hey, Dave.
Hey, Dave.
Oh, no.
Dave.
Dave, are you there?
Dave?
We were worried about you.
We were just talking about your incompetence problems and stuff.
Which...
Well...
I had yesterday.
I think it's from these medications which the Lord of Venus and Jupiter have ordained that I...
Actually, it's not.
It's a plot against scientific America, but I'm not allowed to speak of...
Not allowed to talk about it at this moment in time.
No, no.
Let's just leave that alone.
Oh, by the way, Dave, we have...
Oh, yeah.
We have...
Well, for one thing, Dr. Sinister is in the house early.
On account of...
This is our second to the last show.
In WCSB.
In the studio.
That we'll do live from here.
Yeah, that we'll do live from the studio.
You know, I don't...
I rented the U-Haul trailer today.
I reserved it.
So...
Well, it's important to have reservations about pretty much everything except for moving to Markler or Jupiter or some of the other planets.
What's your problem with the planets tonight, Dave?
Oh, they're aggravating me because my psychic foam number.
Get it?
My foam number.
You know, the kind of the foamy...
Quantum psychic foam number?
Yeah, exactly.
The tiny micro, micro, micro particles that you rub into your follicles.
Well, yeah, that's what the Avengers used to travel back in time, back and forth in time.
Yeah, but the original Avengers was dying and rigged.
It was looking mighty hot.
And a pair of underpants.
Oh, my God, Dave.
Princess, we and I were watching this popular show called Got.
Oh, yes.
And you get to see Emma Peel all grown up.
Oh, my...
Yeah, we watched a couple episodes and the end credits, it said Diana Rigg.
And I was going, I didn't see Diana Rigg in there.
And I looked up the casting and it was this horrible looking old woman.
It's amazing what time does to people.
Well, she's only...
She's only about 10 years older than me.
She looks beautiful just the way she did.
She's 53 as far as I...
She's just old, that's all.
Indian holes?
Well, maybe if she wore the black leather and some makeup or something.
But in Game of Thrones, she...
Oh, man.
She did...
I didn't recognize her at all.
Well...
You know why you should never buy a mattress from a Lannister?
No, why should you never buy a mattress from a Lannister?
They just put two twins together and call it a king.
I'll get it.
But if you like...
If that king were to the age of 70, he would turn into something like Trump.
We're going to make Westeros great again.
We're going to build the wall.
We're going to make the white walkers pay for it.
We only...
We only managed to...
You know, it's fantasy because Trump would never build a wall to keep out anything white.
Oh, you know that.
No kidding.
Yeah, right.
Why don't we get some more white walkers for immigrants?
We could get to...
Now, we'd like to have immigration from the north of the wall.
They're white.
Did you know...




Did you know that Hitler, one of Hitler's favorite campaign slogans in the early days was,
Make Germany great again?
Oh, yeah.
I think I just...
Well, you know, in the Subgenius movie, you see Ronald Reagan saying that phrase.
Ich allein.
Make America great again.
Ich allein.
Trump ripped it off.
They came out with new hats today, by the way, made in China.
Oh, really?
Yes, that say, keep America great.
Do they have little, like, propeller beans on top?
I'm sorry.
They...
Keep...
Keep...
The little propellers on top?
Yes.
They say, keep America great again?
No, they say, keep America great.
Great.
As if somehow it got great in the last three years.
Actually, surveys say that Americans are more dissatisfied and scared about the future than ever before.
And for more...
Actually, there are more of them...
You know...
It's that the...
This time, it's the Democrats...
It's the Democrats that are the angry ones.
Four years ago, it was more angry Republicans, you see.
And watch them snatch defeat from the jaws of victory again.
Vote for Dr. Sinister.
I think, very frankly, I think it's not worth comparing anything in right now,
psycho-politically, because they're both wacko.
I heard somebody attacking Bernie Sanders today on the radio for doing some kind of what appeared to be a public...
Welfare type of thing.
Something good for everybody that would be cheap and paid for by the government.
And this same person was saying that utilities like nuclear power plants should be subsidized by the government.
The taxpayers should pay the money because they're not really making any money.
And that means we're a good thing because we're not making money so we can charge people more.
You know what I mean?
Everybody knows that the purpose of...
You know what I mean?
The purpose of government is to make the rich richer and the powerful more powerful.
It is a plutocracy, my friend.
It is a plutocracy.
That's the only way you can put it.
Run by Molly, Molly, Molly.
It's not to protect the little guy against the big guy.
It's to make sure that the big guy is protected against all those other little guys out there who want a piece of that.
Oh, it's a moot point.
In 20 years, there won't be any oxygen left to speak of.
Everybody will die rich and poor alive.
Woohoo!
What do you mean there won't be any oxygen?
You're talking about like the root canals and the very, very special tire burnings and stuff going on in the Amazon jungle area?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mm-hmm.
It's a bad, bad time to have the entire jungle that supplies 20% of the oxygen for the planet go away.
What about the Fukushima-inspired...
Fukushima.
And the horse you rode it on.
And the government, or not the government, but the Russian Navy.
The little accident in the Arctic Circle, or whatever they're calling it.
Is that a real event, or did I...
Did I...
Sorry.
I don't think anybody knows for sure what the story is with that.
It might have been some kind of a weapons test that went very wrong.
If it was a weapon, they weren't supposed to be testing.
Supposedly a nuclear-powered rocket.
Oh.
Not a nuclear-powered rocket.
Not just a nuclear missile, but a missile that is powered by a nuclear reactor.
That's a really brilliant idea, you know?
Well, if you do it right.
Put lots more nuclear fuel in the air, I suppose.
My favorite idea is launching a nuclear warhead from a rail gun.
That way it's not a missile at all.
People have talked seriously about...
No rockets.
...using giant spaceships that are powered by...
...atom bombs going off in the backside of them
to approach the speed of light or go as fast, as close to them as possible.
Trump asked some of these people at a science conference
while he had a little visit there to the Big Eight and stuff like that.
He said, could the weather be influenced?
Could we stop hurricanes by using nuclear weapons?
And they thought he was maybe not really worthy of the occupation.
I picked up an old F.A.I.T. magazine from 1990
that had a big cover article about Tesla's death ray.
And Nikola Tesla had been trying to get backing
for these various energy-creating projects of his.
His stuff was all about transshipment.
Transmitting electricity, electric power, through the air, through the ground.
And he kept trying to tell investors and the government
that he had a weapon, that he could make a weapon
that would decimate a vast area anywhere in the world
without any visible delivery system.
It involved using the magnetic fields and resonance of the planet itself.
And...
Well, planet Earth.
He was kind of losing it around the time the Tunguska explosion happened.
But a couple of years later, he claimed he had...
Like the watermelon truck exploding.
There's a slight possibility that Tesla...
Let's see, Perry was trying to reach the North Pole at that time.
And it's possible that Tesla wanted to get attention
by proving he could blow up some uninhabited area.
And Perry had...
He hadn't come real close to the pole yet.
So he thought, well, I'll try my weapon at the North Pole.
But he overshot and it hit Siberia
and killed thousands of reindeer
and reindeer herding people who look kind of like Native Americans.
And that's a theory.
That's a theory, of course.
Native Siberians.
There was no crater from a meteor hitting Tunguska.
Tunguska.
The official theory is that it was a chunk of a comet
that exploded in the atmosphere above the area.
Why do these comets always go to Russia?
Like, I've never heard of a comet landing...
It's a big...
Oh, yeah, I guess so.
Well, they don't land...
If they land in the ocean, which is most of the planet, or was...
Or, no, I guess it'll be again.
Still is.
70%?
Yeah, it'll be 75% pretty soon.
There's something true about...
The flow that cannot sink into the ocean fast enough.
Well...
I chased an asteroid one time.
I saw it coming down.
He's an old asteroid chaser.
And I went down as close...
I tried to get as close as I could to from where I was.
And it was like,
man, this thing is going to come down right on top of my car, you know?
And it didn't.
And it went to my left.
And so I took the first left.
I thought I at least would smell something or see something.
Smell something, say something.
You mean a meteor.
Say something, exactly.
Safety.
A meteor, not a...
Not a...
An asteroid.
Just be careful it's not the horse's asteroid.
Right.
Yep.
Dave, he's a chaser.
He's a chaser.
He's an asteroid chaser, all right.
I know.
Oh, yeah, I've got something...
I've got something I saved to play on this show so that you could hear it, Dave, and comment on it.
I told you last week in great...
Great...
Excitement about this movie that used to be called Scarlet Love.
It was made in Dallas by this guy named Palmer Rocky.
And I saw it at the one theater, the one weekend.
It was shown for one week because he booked this theater, paid for it, at big ads in the paper.
And something about the ads made me think, I better not miss this.
It was so bad.
That it made Ed Wood look like Stanley Kubrick, I think I said last week.
I was thinking it was like Plan 9.
Well, I pursued...
He lived not somewhere in my neighborhood and had a post office box in the same post office as me.
And I would see him standing in there reading mail loudly so people walking in could hear him.
And he'd say things like, this one's from Hollywood.
I'm a filmmaker.
They're going to be...
I'm sure they want my film.
Scarlet Love, 666.
But I tried to get him to talk to me about putting it in the midnight movie circuit.
This was in the late 70s.
There were no...
You couldn't even rent a video.
What did you do with the movie so bad that stoners would laugh to the point of heart attacks?
It was so funny.
Inadvertently funny.
He advertised it.
It was a suspense movie the first couple of days.
But then he changed it to entertaining comedy when he saw people laughing hysterically.
Especially the most serious parts.
Springtime for Hitler, yeah.
Something like...
Well, this guy, he worked on it for something like 12 years.
He swore...
The last I heard from him, he told me he had burned all copies of it and no one would ever see it.
I later heard from guys at a lab in L.A. that he didn't burn it.
He was renting this theater in a lab, a projection booth, so he could look at the movie and take notes.
He was still trying to perfect it years later.
Then he died.
After the 13-year Lutensweiner, the Lutelalucha, the Kampf und Kampf, a struggle for 13 years.
And he was...
He was kicked soundly in the Rebound and Gorn area, at least on Tuesday.
Which was when most of that kind of work was done by the Soviet Empire.
Well, the movie has been changed.
The title is now Love is Deep Inside.
And I was privileged enough to see a trailer for it.
And it is indeed the same movie that was once called Scarlet Love.
The trailer consists of two shots with some words, cutaways to little title cards.
The first shot is Palmer Rocky playing one of the five parts he plays in the movie.
Ranting about the marked underdogs and the conspiracy.
I'm going to play that for you.
It's about two minutes long.
That's the first shot.
It's just one shot.
He's standing in Turtle Creek in Dallas.
He's looking off screen and just hollering.
The second shot is him dancing to his own music.
His own singing.
In a t-shirt and boxers and socks.
Trying to seduce a young woman who obviously didn't know what she was getting into.
And it's played for laughs a little bit.
Although he ends up grabbing her and forcing her, kissing her.
Anyway, I'm going to play you.
Now, the rant from Love is Deep Inside, originally called Scarlet Love.
Hey, you scarlet guards, I'm talking to you.
I'm not talking to those trees.
I'm talking to you creeps hiding behind them with your walkie-talkies,
listening and spying to everything I do.
I know what class you're in.
The same class of creeps who take away a man's freedom.
Coarse creeps who laugh at tenderness and kindness and good things
like a high school student's ambition, a college student's dedication.
You freaks who abuse people and use them.
Freaks and creeps like phony lawyers, phony psychiatrists, arrogant bankers
and creepy leaders who violate human rights all over the world.
Look, here I am, Bruce, wide open, your target.
I know you're setting me up to take me down and cut me down
just because I can't figure out your plan, your misleading Francis and my girl
and making them think I've got something to do with you.

I know you've got something to do with Jackie's death,
but I haven't got a thing to do with them at all.
And I'm not running away.
I don't care what you do.
I know I'm a marked underdog, but I don't need you
and all the marked underdogs all over the world don't need your kind.
We don't.
Now you think just because you're pushing us and you kill some of us,
the rest of us will just run.
We're going to fight.
We're not going to give up.
You fight and we will fight.
You knock us down, we'll get up.
You knock us down a second time, we'll get up.
We're not throwing in the towel.
Your leader has a fight on his hands.
Sure, you're having your hour, but we're going to have our day.
And you're not going to stamp out the spirit of truth.
How can you escape the day when you will fry in your filthy corruption?
You crawling, creeping hypocrites.
Hypocrites.
That's what I'm calling you.
Crawling, creeping hypocrites.
That's all right, baby.
It's very clear.
That's all right, baby.
Love is here.
That's all right, baby.
Have a fear.
Baby, I'll come over tonight.
I'm going to feel all right.
I'm not going to dream and cry.
I'm not going to feel all the time.
Everything's going to dry tonight.
That's Palmer Rocky himself singing in the background from his album,
Scarlet.

Love, which you see in his room in the dance scene, this scene.
Yes.
I have that album.
He was handing it out at the theater for free.
And it's one of the few LP records that I kept.
It's in Texas now in storage.
Everything else, all the ordinary records we have are at
Weardsville Records in Detroit.
But yeah, good Palmer Rocky.
What a weird thing.
I used to date his sister, Rosie.
Yeah, it's session musicians that he just hired and said,
give me a beat, you know, give me a beat and a tune and I'll sing to it.
Give me a strong, strong fall for dancing.
Yeah.
It's interesting.
He did pay.
I knew a lot of people who worked on the movie on,
on and off, and he always paid him in cash.
So there's that.
Oh, it was very influential on us.
In the end credits, the movie said,
produced by Palmer Rocky, Nana and Nunu.
Well, Nana Nunu.
When we saw those names, they became gods.
Goddesses in the subgenius pantheon.
The Nunu is this elderly woman goddess thing that's intensely sexual, but so old.
And yeah, Nunu and Nana, those were based.
Nunu, Manos, Lomos.
Those are the Italian words for grandma and grandpa.
Nunu.
That's what I figured.
I figured that his, his, his grandma gave him money.
Nunu and Nana.
And that's why it's produced.
By Palmer and Nana and Nunu.
You know, that means granny and grandpappy.
Wow.
Now here's some other news for you, Dave, and you'll, you might actually like this.
I discovered, well,
What task was I supposedly just supposed to have completed?
I thought I was given a treat, you know, treatise on the filibuster of the extenuating circumstances
surrounding the night of the third.
Yeah.
At least we were talking about something that didn't make any sense to anybody.
But didn't you change the subject now and try and make them make less sense?
Oh yeah, I'm changing the subject.
There's this, it's reviews of the Hour of Slack I never saw before.
Apparently on an Apple podcast, you can leave reviews of things.
I, of course, never listened to the show.
Well...
Apple podcast, but
this company called
Chartable, that's chartable.com
trying to sell me something
said, hey, look, if you sign up with us
you can get regular records of your
ratings on the internet.
And
we have
okay, our Slack has an
average rating
of 4.9 out of 5.
It's almost, we write it almost perfect.
And it's generally
about the one thousandth
most popular
podcast.
Considering I believe that.
That's saying something.
But here's some
reviews. The subgenius
hour of Slack has been produced for nearly
35 years, and if you listen back
through the early days up until now,
you'll hear people on the bleeding edge
of the foundations of modern
internet culture.
A weird, eccentric,
fabulous, funny,
important slice of goodness.
Stay weird, praise Bob.
Let's see.
Candy
fun, happy time hour
shoes.
Still going strong.
Best show ever.
And that's somebody in Great Britain
in 2016.
When it had already
devolved into just us talking.
Mostly.
Seriously, this is
amazing. Somebody in Australia.
Seriously, this is amazing.
Sometimes I crackle like a,
I cackle like a super
villain.
Oh, that's my easy.
And here I'll
leave it at this.
About time I found something
that's actually worth listening to.
Loads of these on
here going back to 2007.
Thanks
podcast for brightening
this dull part of the world, even
if it is just my ears.
And that was in Great Britain.
Also.
Wow.
Reminds you of the day of the pod people or the
day of yours.
That were wrong, though. That goes back to
the shows you can hear actually
go back to 1985.
You can hear all
1,742
of
them on the internet
if you look at subgenius.com.
It's funny, I actually date the foundation of my
own secret society to 1985.
Not kidding.
I was four years old.
It was March 31st, 1985.
Was it the Church of the Marked Underdog?
No.
I was too young to understand
these subtleties of the world, but at
the age of four on March 31st,
1985, I decided I'm
starting my secret society right now.
Wow.
Well, doctors, doctors,
so cautious was secret, right?
You got you got to read my book.
Got it.
I let it out.
I let it out.
Oh, man.
What was I thinking?
Did you read my book?
Now we know.
Now everyone knows.
Did you read my book, Neighbor World?
You know, Dave, I have not had the opportunity.
I have not even seen a copy of your book.
Might I find it in my public library?
The Church of the Subgenius has it.
Amazon has it.
It's got a bunch of good reviews.
I'm kind of like you in a lot of ways.
I'm low tech.
I don't shop online.
Let me guess.
You actually do shop online, don't you?
Like you do business online?
I don't.
I should just bring Dr.
Sinister a copy of Neighbor World.
Yes.
I'm sure you could purchase one directly from Reverend Stang, or he may just give you one.
I would gladly purchase one directly from Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
And you can't.
Don't do that.
Don't do that.
You'll never get it.
He doesn't have any copies.
One of these days, I'm going to go all the way out to the Ashtabula Oblong Bar.



I'm going to bring him down here to the studio.
Hey, don't be talking about people's brain parts.
That could be like offensively designed in cooperation with a number of actual brain parts.
Offensively designed?
But you know what else is not too far from the Ashtabula Oblong Bar is Connie.
Or Connie ought to be.
Oh, yeah.
Connie ought to be.

I'm going to bring him down here to the studio.



That's Connie ought to be, yes.
That's a funny Northern Ohio joke.
Do you know who's named after Keith Conniett who was genocided by the borderers?
They used to call them the people who lived on the borders of Pennsylvania and Ohio back
in before it was a state in the 1790s.
I believe that.
They'd be having fun with Indians one night, and the next night they'd come over, the Indians,
they'd be making them some food and they'd shoot them.
You know what I mean?
Well, that's no fun.
That's a crazy question.
That's the man.
I'm sorry.
I'm not an Anglo-Saxon for you.
Well, it kind of is true.
You know, they blinded the Britain's male babies back in the early days of Alpha D.
Not so great.
Hmm.
Hmm.
Shameful stain is upon our national conscience and history.
Indeed.
I'm sorry to be so depressing.
Well, you know, every time there's a shameful stain, you could at least make a joke about
it, like...
Oh, no.
I know what's coming.
Yeah.
Like making a joke about if you publicly stain your underwear on the bus, everybody
could hear and see you.
You know, my doctor asked for urine, semen, and stool samples.
I said, I'm in a hurry.
Just take my underwear.
That's not funny.
No, it's not.
They're talking to a couple of 60-somethings, Dr. Sunster.
Not funny at all.
Well, what's even less funny is the fact that a 30-something can actually see you.













You know, I don't want to say that, honestly.
Yeah, but can you guys do actual petroglyphs?
I do like whole, like, Anasazi runes and stuff like that.
Hey, I've got something that'll make my friends feel really old.
My son turned 40 last week.
Oh, no.
My little boy turned 40.
Little baby boy.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Not so big of a little small baby anymore right now.
And you can see his mood.
I mean, he's got a lot of energy.






He's got energy to do with his Open Source friends.
The feeling that all of them are gone.
Oh, so at the end of the day, those Add Me To Comedy kind of women are the different
things with Adam Ayers.
They just hang around the Anna, uh...
It's interesting he battered me because I brought you to my house with you.
I know.
I want to meet this son of yours one of these days.
He's in Dallas now.
We have a nice guest room down in Glen Rose.
Yes, you'll have to come visit us in Texas.
I have friends in Texas,
and family members of friends there, too,
who might want to go down to visit.
I don't know, like, it's a huge, huge swath of land there,
although it's smaller than most Australian states.
Texas?
Yes, it is smaller than most Australian states.
Really? Yes.
Hmm.
Western Australia, New South Wales.
The whole continent divided into, like, ten states.
It's roughly the size of France.
Yep, and Germany is roughly the size of Montana.
So there you go.
And it's 1,000 miles away,
and we have to drive there, dragging a gigantic,
12-foot-long trailer.
I'm a braver man than I am.
I was studying how hints for...
You have to take your bicycle out there.
You'd be in some real trouble staying.
You had to ride a bicycle all the way back to Texas
in the middle of the fall rains
for the early winter discovery plant thing.
Well, all I know is that the time's coming soon.
Soon, soon, soon.
This is the next-to-last time that we'll be doing this show
from WCSB, as far as I know.
I'm planning to keep doing the show,
just like we did the last several winters,
from my living room.
But it isn't quite the same, and we don't get to see...
I'll call in to Dr. Sinister's show.
It's earlier in the evening in Texas.
That's right. It starts at 9 o'clock.
Yeah, but you're next to him.
Where?
In the living room there.
10, 9 Central.
There are dogs in the background
and things like that that you can never have here,
so it's a whole different thing.
Yeah, and there's dog food, too,
and everybody's being served their own favorite,
fanciful, new numbers.
I wanna be turned into dog food when I die.
I gotta tell a real quick story of something
that our escape artist dog buddy did yesterday.
Man.
We had some carpenters,
We had some carpenters,

fixing the windows in my third floor office.
They had the windows off.
Suddenly, with them in the room,
Buddy, the small hound dog,
leaped out a third-story window
and landed on the sub,
kind of the second floor porch roof,
about eight to 10 feet below.
And it's a slanting, you know, peaked, little porch.
And it's a slanting, you know, peaked, little porch.
And he didn't break any bones.
He had a tiny spot of blood on his chin.
That's it.
Well, the smaller an animal is,
the easier it is to survive a steep fall.
I was standing at the bottom of the stairs.
We had been joking.
Like, if he was a little boy,
he'd be at the developmental services agency
with his mom right now.
And he'd be talking about some things they can do.
I wasn't there.
There's no way we can make things better.
The workers freaked out and started screaming.
And Princess Wee ran to the second floor
and opened a window, removed the screen,
and had to use the Pappy voice to get Buddy to come to her.
Because he was having such a great time
running back and forth on this little roof.
He would dash off to the edge
and then dash off to the other edge,
scaring me each time
until I finally just had to use the Pappy voice.
That's the only way to get him.
Can you do the Pappy voice for us now?
That actually works.
Yeah.
Can you do the Pappy voice for us now, Princess Wee?
Yeah, and the Mammy voice, don't forget.
Buddy!
Do!
Now!
That's the Pappy voice.
Wow.
It's me.
You just pegged the auto volume thing.
That's the Pappy voice.
Yeah.
Yeah, I was standing at the bottom of the stairs,
and I heard three carpenters go,
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God!
And these three grown men are flipping out.
Well, the thing is, we've been joking that Claudia,
Claudia had gone up there and kind of looked at it.
I said, I'm pretty sure she's got enough sense
not to jump down there.
She wouldn't jump off that tree she climbed into every,
those three times.
Buddy is a nut.
Circus dog.
Certifiable nut.
Anyway, this show actually started a couple of minutes early.
And Dave, we're going to stay here in the studio
for another hour and be on Dr. Sinister's show.
Oh, that's right.
So you should call back.
Should he call back in?
Absolutely.
Call back in about seven or eight minutes.
Okay?
Okay.
Probably closer to 10 minutes.
Yeah.
Whatever gives you time to, you know, do your, you know.
Dave, my math finds a way.
Your Dave thing.
Friends, you're listening to the Hour of Slack
from the Church of the Subgenius broadcast.
Broadcast from EBCC.
Oh, I have to remove that part or reverse it
for the other stations.
There's five other stations that play it.
This is B-C, I'm sorry, this is B-S-C-W, DNA level C.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, there you go.
That's the station.
Okay, Dave, we'll talk to you in 10 or so.
Okay, okay.
There he goes.
He's a pretty good boy.
Good boy.
Oh, we've been listening to Einstein's Secret Orchestra,
which disco, all instrumentals, mostly by the great Chaz Smith
and Dave and Michelle George, who played violin on that stuff
and probably Bob Mosick on drums.
Probably.
If there are any drums on this.
So, now, Godzilla!
Say again, over.
Run.
Go!
Hit the deck!



Un Sept infraredP
Frame 180.
We're losing visual, Admiral.
He's diving.
Changing course and moving fast.
I've got him at 33 knots and picking up speed.
He's going to outrun us, sir.
From PR News in Washington,
I'm listed as a sexually violent Pennsylvania Cosby.
Under Pennsylvania law, a sexual violent Cosby
is someone with a, quote, mental PR news.
The Trump will provide 12 billion farmers.
The 12 billion farmers came from a comedian being gunned.
PR has been tough on President Trump's meeting
with Russian President Vladimir Korea,
buying new faggots.
Defense says it's premature to talk about Russian PR news.
Department of the Question.
The Dow is 158-2522.
Newly released internal emails from the administration show.
This is PR News.
Worth.
Los Angeles police confirmed the bullet is charged with PR News in Washington.
