Remember when you bought that guitar to punish your parents when they wouldn't let you play the stereo at a pet sterilizing level?
Remember those golden days when you didn't have to put up with annoying warnings from pucker butts about the damage that rock and roll would do to your hearing?
Well, now that you're in the same boat with Pete Townsend and incurable tinnitus overlays everything you hear with the sound of a screaming tea kettle,
how are you going to reach that level of sonic delight that once rattled the parts of your body that we can't mention on the radio?
Thanks to the unspeakable vision and indefinable fortunes of that financial whiz kid, J.R. Bob Dobbs, there is an answer.
It's that Texas tradition of towering terror, the almighty subgenius hour of slack.
Yes, as a result of the hideous machinations of church scribe and animal husbandry expert, the wrong Reverend Ivan Stang,
you can now avail yourself of an instrument from the subdimension of hell that rocks the elder gods.
It's drum kits for gabrogfran.
This neuron-shredding percussion dynamo bypasses the ear itself and acts directly on the brain,
doing away with the need for troublesome headphones or sonic insulation of any kind.
Never worry about sterilizing the pets again.
Drum kits for gabrogfran teleports those pestersome little ragmops into another dimension
where they'll be eaten by unspeakable shambling things, thereby solving the problem forever.
And just think of what you can do to those bitchy neighbors.
How do you lay hands on this tool of hellish delight, you ask?
It's simple.
Just tune into the almighty subgenius hour of slack.
We'll give you details on how to enter the contest that'll give you a chance to open the doorway to Armageddon
and start up the dangdest party since Jim Jones did it Kool-Aid style.
Mere toxic waste becomes an aperitif unparalleled once you take in a heady draft of the subgenius hour of slack.
Praise Bob, if you dare.
They're here.
A minute.
It's showtime.
Time for the subgenius hour and a half.
The show that dare not even exist.
Join us now as we rocket away out of normal time into showtime
with your favorite horrifying horror host, Mobius Rex.
And you'll hear the voices of puzzling evidence.
Gary Gabofran lies in a cast of thousands more.
It's mysterious, evil, spooky, eerie, creepy, wacky, kooky, fun.
It's the subgenius hour.
Hour of slack.
And here we got the brains of the whole operation.
Master signal goes out from here to the satellite.
We pump it out all over the world.
Pretty fancy, huh?
Not too familiar with it myself.
You're buying time.
Time, friends.
Because Mr. Moneybags, he's paying a salary.
Salary.
He throws in a hundred bucks a week and consequently I can't preach against drinking because his
ass box is full of beer.
I hope he's talking about you, my friend.
Pay us not to preach about beer.
I can't preach against cigarettes because they all smoke.
For me.
I'm out for 15 minutes between Sunday school and worship service.
So then go out and light up a Chesterfield or something.
I will.
And what kind did Jesus smoke, friends?
It's time to open your heart, close your mind, unzip your lips and bend over because you're about to receive the word of Bob.
You still don't get it, do you, boys?
There ain't no countries anymore.
No more good guys.
They're running the whole show.
They own everything.
The whole damn planet.
They can do whatever they want.
What's wrong with having it good for a change?
And they're going to let us have it good if we just help them.
They're going to leave us alone.
Let's make some money.
You can have a little taste of that good life, too.
Now, I know you want it.
Hell, everybody does.
You're going to make a million dollars.
And you can call in and you can talk to the there's some sexy ministers on the on the lines tonight.
Your prayer partners are here ready to receive.
Your promise.
Your covenant with Bob, friends.
Now, I know that, you know, not everybody can can can give that much.
You know, Dr. Drummond and I once talked about, you know, who means the most to Bob?
Is it the little old lady who can who, you know, doesn't have anything at all to her name, but but she donates a quarter her last quarter?
Or does or is Bob more impressed with the rich man who could give a million dollars but only gives ten thousand?
We prayed on that, friends, and we realized that in Bob's eyes, that rich man is the only one that's going to get to heaven because he paid more money.
So I want you to call.
We got to sell you, friends.
We're not just going to sit here and talk.
Bob said we had to party, didn't he?
Didn't he?
He said we had to party.
Didn't say we could.
He said we had to.
And so we must also sell.
Praise Bob and thank you.
Are there distrust?
Are there distrust?



Right.
Come on, get up off that chair.
Follow me.
Now you can have something to sell.
We all know we're in the art of selling.
We create a mental and an emotional climate of unconscious selling.
Right in your own home.
When everybody sells, we're all selling.
We all have something to sell.
Yes, everyone selling together.
Mighty symphony of prosperity.
For we all have something to sell.
Yeah, darn it.
And we're trying to sell you some slack.
I know it was supposed to be free, but I'm sorry.
That's just the way the world is.
And I am I'm disappointed in some of you folks.
There's some so few that called in last week and did indeed pledge.
Those who did, we bow down to you.
We bow down to you.
We unzip you.
We undress you.
We would do things to you which we must never even think of on the radio, much less discuss.
And yet, and yet, we would indeed anyway.
But the rest of you deadly gangster Frankenstein earphone radio worldwide computer Bob parody
puppet hangman rope underling mongrel felon cowardly playboy chicanerous coke inspiring
fresh old brainwashed radio listener.
I guess you just don't see enough value in spending just a little tiny $10 pledge to
the church in the subject.
I just a little $25 pledge.
Why that would get you so many wonderful things.
You have to love Bob.
He loves you, but you love Bob.
You have to.
Or else what happens if you don't love?
Bob.
He'll kill you.
He'll Bob you out.
He'll Bob you out, folks.
You heard it here first.
He'll Bob you out.
Bob you out, baby.
It's dear friends.
It's dear friends.
Only if, you know, if you don't pledge, there's going to be more and more and more reverence
stangs.
You're going to have to listen to it forever.
It's going to drive from your imagination.
Can you at least send a little money?
Dear friends.
We need that money.
Gosh.
Get with it.
Let's get it.
We are.
We're going to hear it going here.
Look at those phones light up.
Oh, finally.
Oh, yeah.
That old gold friend.
Shake it off.
Shake it off.
But.
Let's.
Oh, that's much, much better, friends.
You know, because if you think about it, around the world these days, everywhere you look,
freedom, freedom, simple freedom is always against.
It's against.
The law.
You got your drug prohibition laws, your age of consent laws, your property laws, your
trespassing laws, your anti-sodomy laws, your tax laws, your draft laws, your censorship
laws, your white, white privilege laws, your anti-pornography laws.





Your sedition laws, your vagrancy laws, your hitchhiking laws, your indecency laws, your
obscenity laws, your licensing laws, your truancy laws, your building code and zoning laws,
your anti skateboarding laws, your loitering laws, your patriarchal privilege laws, your
marriage laws, your child vaccination laws, your parade permit laws, your voting laws.


laws, your FCC laws, your national security laws, your national emergency laws, your anti-strike
laws, your anti-privacy laws, search and seizure laws, anti-graffiti laws, anti-postering laws,
anti-abortion laws, anti-riot laws, uh, conspiracy laws.
That's funny, it's against the law to be a conspiracy.
Criminal, criminal cynicalism laws, which they often use against people who sell porno,
by the way.
Trade laws, vandalism laws, divorce laws, vice laws, bicycle laws, jaywalking laws,
gun laws, and heresy laws.
And if you're a criminal, you're a criminal.

If you don't support this station, and in particular this show on this station, you
can might as well welcome those heresy laws right into your front door, because that's
all they, I mean, uh, the, as far, my friends, the deadly gangster Frankenstein earphone
radio worldwide computer bob parroting puppet hangman rope underling mongrel felon cowardly
playboy chicanerous coke-inspiring threshold brainwash radio.
We'll be exactly that.
Ah, yes.
But, um, I'm gonna quit talking about the money and let somebody else talk about it
for a while, just for a second here.
And that somebody will be our good friend, Father Joe Mama.
This is a brand new rant from Father Joe Mama, and I hope that you pay close attention, kids.
Hello, friends, and welcome.
The sermon tonight is entitled, Stealing Souls.
I'm going to be talking about the story of a man who was a thief.




He stole souls from Satan.
That's right, friends.
Stealing souls from Satan.
Now, a lot of you are out there probably wondering, what's this?
Is the Church of the Subgenius actually going to advocate stealing?
No, sir.
For stealing back that which was stolen from you in the first place is not stealing.
It's repossession of stolen property, a legal right of every man, woman, and child, and
yes, even Yeti, dear friends.
And that is what Satan's souls are.


Stolen property.
Not stolen from God.
Not stolen from Bob.
But from the individuals themselves.
You see, one of the reasons the Church of the Subgenius and the Christian church don't
see eye to eye is over the issue of souls.
The Christians believe that all obedient souls belong to God.
And all the rebellious souls go to the devil.
Now, isn't that just like the conspiracy?
You get the lesser of two evils.
Eternal slavery in heaven or else burn forever in hell.
No, sir.
Baba Dabza doesn't buy that and you shouldn't buy it either.
As if making you work as a slave all your life wasn't bad enough.
Now they want to enslave you in the afterlife as well.
Oh, I can just hear the Christians wailing away.
Hell no, Papa Joe.
Heaven is no slave plantation.
You can do whatever you want for all eternity.
Yeah, right.
Who do they think they're fooling anyway?
They spend all their mortal lives in hell.





They're just not only depriving themselves of a good time, but trying to outlaw anyone
else from enjoying life either.
And then they honestly expect us to think heaven will be any different.
Do they think once they reach heaven, God will all of a sudden allow us herd of sheep
to run wild?
Do you think that we can possibly believe it could be fun up there?
Are drugs allowed in heaven?
Is illicit sex with anyone you want allowed in heaven?
Can you drink all the alcohol you want without pain of hangovers?
Do you get live Jimi Hendrix and Janis Joplin concerts whenever you feel like it?
No way.
We've heard what the conspiracy has in store for us up there, and to be quite frank, it
ain't all too pleasant.
We get the joy of the fundamentalist lifestyle without even the hope of death as an escape.
What's more, we get to sing hymns to the Almighty day in and day out while plucking those stupid
little hearts.
Gee, I can't wait.
Screw that.
I've got funner things in mind than plucking.
But unfortunately, they're all forbidden, even though for once there's no chance of
disease.
Some heaven.
Little wonder Lucifer got the hell out of there.
At least he had the gonads to rebel and take control of his own fate.
If I had to live like that forever, it wouldn't take me a millennium to want out.
I'd say, come on, boys.
Let's go on strike.
The work conditions around here suck.
We want a new contract.
Some vacation time.
More freedom.
Less surveillance.
And a salary would be nice, too.
Anything but this, tell management to take a hike.
Now, in real afterlife, anyone leading such a revolution like that would be seen as a
hero.
And anyone crushing such a popular uprising would be the bad guy.
But not in conspiracy heaven, no siree.
Satan is villainized because he didn't support the dictator.
And God, the evil one, is the one who's going to be the villain.


The union buster is the hero.
Because he kicked the underdog's butt.
Some hero.
Ruthless, all-powerful, and unforgiven.
He sends Satan to burn forever in eternal torment along with anyone else that doesn't
support the regime.
Now, if that's a kind, compassionate God, heaven forbid we see a mean one.
It just doesn't seem fair now, does it?
There's got to be an alternative to this hell.
Be it above or below.
And yes, dear friends, there is.
And I'm damn glad you asked.
Because I'm here to tell you about one J.R. Bob Dobbs.
The only candidate who's pro-choice and believes in everyone's God-forbidden right to choose
for themselves the fate of their innermost souls.
Bob is actively recruiting lost souls of every race, color, and yes, religion.
The billions that fell between the cracks of good and evil.
The neutrals who just want to be left alone for once in their afterlife.
Let's face it.
Most of the Christians, they're lost cause.
They want to be told what to do by somebody else.
God said it, they believe it, and that's the end of it.
But there's plenty of other quality souls out there frying in hell not because they
like Lucifer, although you've got to admit the boy's got chutzpah, but because they didn't
want to follow the goose-stepping guidelines of God.
These neutral rebels without applause deserve better than they got.
And my friends, I'm telling you, the neutrals are the ones who just want to be left alone.




And by golly, Bob Dodds will deliver it.
He'll hit hell and all the other hot spots with a burning desire to liberate the luckless
lackeys last forever for no other reason than the fact that they want it to be free.
And if that's the sin, dear friends, then I hope we're all sinners.
Now I won't bother describing to you the orgies of pleasure these same souls will partake
in the promised planet.
But I will say it's enough to make the devil himself.
Turn red in embarrassment.
Best of all is the returning of that which no man, demon, or God has the right to take
away.
The essence of our being, the center of our personal gravity, the one part of us that
the conspiracy hungers for the most but shall never again taste.
Our souls, dear friends, it may Bob Dodds have mercy on them that try to steal it away.
Hear it at the word of Bob.
Breathe.
Peace, Bob.
Amen.
Ever fall in love with a fine art piece but found yourself unable to cough up the fancy
art payment?
Enjoy the abstract art but not the abstract price?
Well, at Bargain Bob's Art Barn, we specialize in original fine art pieces at factory discount
prices.
That's because at Bargain Bob's, we believe the artist should be starving, not you.
Just check out these Bargain Bob buys.
Jose Fernandez Postmodern Masterpiece Total Bowl of Nails.
Plus $3,500 now just $29.95.
Have a great day.

It's a treat.
Thank you.
I'm a big fan of your work.
Thank you, Bob.
Have a good day.
Bye-bye.




Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.

Bye-bye.
Bye.












Bye.
and these fine art classics were delivered to our railroad signings months in advance.
We've got to unload these one-of-a-kind masterpieces
to make room for our future masterpieces.
Every piece a part of the artist's soul.
And every piece must go.
Our loss is your gain.
This week and every week at Bargain Bob's Art Barge.
Check out phone listings for local outlets.
Hey, uh, how about that?
Oh, my God.
This is the worst situation this show's ever been in.
Hanging out here in space with a computer gone nuts
and our only link to Earth cut.
Huh?
The Boeing machine's gone out of control.
Trimmed tabs operating at full volume now.
Oh, no theme panels.
I don't know if we're going to make it back.
Well, what about the...
Good afternoon, gentlemen.
I am a HAL 9000 computer.
I first became operational at the HAL 9000 plant
in Urbana,
Illinois.
My instructor was Dr. Langley,
and he taught me to sing a song.
Would you like to hear it?
Uh, sure, sure.
Just don't do the one about the helicopter attack.
Oh, hell, I was all ready to do that one.
Well, I'll tell you what.
You know, I can't stay on the phone all night,
but I love you beautiful bunch of bastards.
Well, hold on, Dr. HAL.
What happened, other doctor?
Evolutionary for a...
You don't need that, do you?
I'm going to dematerialize you.
Oh.
Quick!
You first!
Dr. Langley's
Well, Reverend?
Yes?
Would Bob maybe want some, like...
Would he take a sexual deal or something, maybe?
No, that's between you and Bob.
All right.
Bob's a pretty broad-minded fella in more ways than one.
Aren't you Bob's right-handed man?
No, I'm Bob's left-brain man.
Oh, left-brain.
No, he just carries on the teachings of Bob.
Right, and I'm not the top-ranking officer of the church corporation.
My mentor, Dr. Philo Drummond, who is almost as hard to get hold of as Bob,
really is a little closer to Bob because he doesn't work as hard at it as I do.
I see.
And yet he owns a gigantic chunk of the trademark.
So he has more slack, essentially.
I understand. Let's continue on.
Hi, Fairfield, you're on WICC.
Hello?
Hello.
Yeah, hi, you're on.
Hi, I'm Lauren.
Yes.
What kind of religion are you in?
What's your church called?
It's a very hard one to describe, and we just spent the last 40 minutes describing it.
Oh, but I taught the talent.
This is definitely the strangest religion most people ever encounter,
and it's not for everybody.
It's for the mutants and the abnormals.
It's for anybody who really knows that they are not completely normal
and are proud of that.
If you are abnormal, then you should be proud.
So this would be a religion that would be geared to, say, radio professionals.
It is geared, yeah.
It tends to attract street people, crazies, mental health care outpatients,
and creative types like movie directors and artists, musicians, radio DJs,
and also parasites like the documentary.
I understand.
People who just like to be near people like us.
Right.
Yeah, I understand.
Okay, and do you believe in God?
In God?
God.
Well, that's a very personal question.
I mean, which one and which God?
God the Father.
The one true God or the hamburger God of the Romans?
No, God who created heaven and earth.
The God the Father.
I'm afraid I'm not at liberty to disclose this information.
Okay, so you see...
I can give you a straight answer to that.
Chances are there'd be an earthquake in Connecticut.
Okay, all right.
What are your beliefs?
Do you think that someone can buy their salvation?
Only from the right source.
And what is that right source?
Who's the right source?
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
It depends on what kind of salvation.
You're after, though.
Ma'am, I think that you need to listen a little longer
so you can get sort of a handle on what's going on here.
Although I do understand your question.
You see, this has been tricky.
We often have Christians call up and say,
look, you guys are devil worshipers, aren't you?
We don't worship devils.
We may make deals with a few of the more benevolent sort of demons now and then.
Just business deals, that's all.
Business deals, right.
Right.
And, um, uh, but, you know, if you look at it,
we've had some great defectors come over to our side this year.
Jim Baker, Jimmy Swagger.
Came over to your side?
Oh, yeah.
You didn't know that?
They're now in the Church of the Subgenius.
They're sinners, ma'am.
This is a church for sinners.
We're not preaching to the saved.
We're trying to lead people.
We're trying to tempt the sinners away from the devil.
See?
Where they go after that is their own, is up to them.
It's up to their choice.
You're trying to what?
We're trying to tempt the sinners away from the devil.
So what do you...
We fixate them on God for a little while,
and then they get tired of him,
and then they go off on to some other thing.
Excuse me.
If you're not saved, you're a sinner, am I correct?
Oh, no.
No, not necessarily.
In the Church of the Subgenius, you can sin all you want to,
and you're still saved.
Okay.
Okay.
And, um, where...
Where are you going after, um, 1998?
Oh, we'll go in the, uh, flying saucers
piloted by the sex goddesses from Planet X.
Yeah?
Yeah, to the, uh, to Dimension Zero.
Sounds like a fun trip.
It is.
It's going to be a party, man,
and we're going to watch the poor, unsaved dupes of the conspiracy
fry in the nuclear holocaust below.
It won't be pleasant.
But...
But it'll be better...
Our fault.
It'll be better than being in the nuclear holocaust.
Right.
I mean, it's their fault to begin with.
Yeah, and if people want to be on this with the sex goddesses,
then all they need do is subscribe to the Church of the Subgenius.
Right.
Let me put it this way.
Okay, the conspiracy as a whole has,
between the United States and Russia,
probably 100,000 nuclear weapons or more.
The Church of the Subgenius only has three nuclear weapons,
and yet...
And yet...

And yet...
They're not there to stand up and fight them.
Because, you know, it's always, historically,
it's always been the crazy people
that were dumb enough to stand up against City Hall.
I see.
Like they say in that old Frank Capra movie,
Meet John Doe, I think it is,
the only, the lost causes are the only causes worth fighting for.
Isn't that something?
Oh, yes.
Thank you for your call, ma'am.
Okay.
Praise Bob.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
Yeah, could I ask,
Evan Stein, your question?
Yeah, go ahead.
Do you think that all men who join your church
have to be circumcised?
Oh, no, no.
No?
Absolutely.
You're not the chosen people?
What?
You're not the chosen people?
I didn't catch that.
He's saying you're not the chosen people?
Yeah, well, we're chosen by Bob,
but Bob never, I mean,
he wants you to keep everything you were born with.
But you don't have to be circumcised
if you're a male in order to join,
or you're a chick.
No.
Okay.
Females do.
Females do?
Yeah.
Would you explain that to me?
I can't imagine how.
Could you please explain how you circumcise a female?
No, I cannot do so over the radio.
Well, could I ask Jim?
Now, now, now, now, sir.
Yes.
Sir, remember, Reverend Ivan Stang is not a doctor.
I'm sorry.
For specific information,
you'd have to consult your own physician.
That's Dr. Drummond.
Dr. Drummond.
He's in the room file as well.
Light brain man.
Okay.
All better now.
I can tell you who the tallest angel in heaven is,
or the name of the angel you should invoke to procure women,
or the name of hell's ambassador to England,
or the true name of the angel of poetry.
Look at the picture.
See the skull,
the part of bone removed,
the master race Frankenstein radio controls,
the brain,
the thoughts broadcasting radio,
the eyesight television,
the Frankenstein earphone radio,
the threshold brainwash radio,
the latest new skull reforming to contain all Frankenstein controls,
even in thin skulls of white pedigree males.
Visible Frankenstein controls,
the synthetic nerve radio directional antenna loop.
Make copies for yourself.
There is no escape from this worse gangster police state
using all of the deadly gangster Frankenstein controls.
In 1965, CIA gangster police beat me bloody,
dragged me in chains from Kennedy New York Airport.
Since then, I hide in forced jobless poverty,
isolated alone in this low deadly old house.
The brazen deadly gangster police spray me with poison nerve gas
from automobile exhausts and even lawn mowers.
Deadly assaults even in my yard with knives,
even bricks and stones,
even deadly touch cabin or electric shock flashlights,
even remote electronically controlled arrivals,

even the round corners projection of deadly touch tarantula spiders,
or even bloody murder accidents.
To shut me up forever with a sneak undetectable extermination,
even with trained parroting puppet assassins
in maximum security insanity prison
for writing these unforgivable truths.
Until my undetectable extermination,
I, Francis E. Deck Esquire, 29 Maple Avenue, Hempstead, New York,
I stand alone against your mad, deadly, worldwide conspiratorial gangster competition.
I'm the computer god communism with wall-to-wall deadly gangster protection,
lifelong sworn conspirators, murder incorporated organized crime,
the police and judges, the deadly sneak parroting puppet gangsters
using all the gangster deadly Frankenstein controls,
these hangman rope sneak deadly gangsters,
the judges and the police trick, trap, rob, wreck, butcher,
and murder the people that keep them terrorized
in gangster Frankenstein earphone radio slavery,
for the Communist Gangster.
The gangster government and con artist parroting puppet gangster playboy scum on top.
The secret work of all police in order to maintain a communist closed society.
The same worldwide mad, deadly, communist gangster computer god
that controls you as a terrorized gangster Frankenstein earphone radio slave parroting puppet.
You are a terrorized member of the master race worldwide,
four billion eyesight television camera guinea pig,
gangster computer god master race,
your living, king, mad, deadly, worldwide communist gangster computer god secret overall plan,
worldwide living death Frankenstein slavery,
to explore and control the entire universe with the endless stairway to the stars,
namely the man-made inside out planets with nucleonic powered speeds much faster than the speed of light.
Look up and see the gangster computer god concocted new fake starry sky,
worldwide completely controlled deadly degenerative climate and atmosphere,
through the new world round translucent exotic gaseous envelope,
which the worldwide communist gangster computer god manipulates
through countless exactly positioned satellites,
the new fake phony stars.
Watch out world, something big is coming your way.
They're alive, they're bold, they're friendly, they're the crazy Christians.
Walking down your street, sharing with your neighbors, sharing with your children, and yes, even sharing with you.
Last Supper Pictures presents the crazy Christians.
There's nothing else like it.
They carry a Bible in their hand and a smile on their face.
They touch people's lives wherever they go.
Many may laugh in mockery, but soon you'll be laughing with joy.
As you meet up with the crazy Christians, you'll see scenes like this.
Hey, how you doing?
Hey, pretty good, how you doing?
Okay, uh, hey, why aren't you in church? You know it's Sunday.
I don't go to church.
SINNER! YOU WILL BURN! YOU WILL BURN IN THE BOWS OF HELL!
THE FLAMES WILL EAT YOU! YOU WILL DIE!
Yes, where crazy Christians go, joy and love follow.
Watch out, they're everywhere spreading the good news.
So what are our responsibilities?
I'll tell you what they are first.
We must convulse.
What?
We must convert the heathen if we have to force it down his throat.
His medicine is for his own good.
He may not want it, but it's for his own good.
And likewise, we must have his money.
For money is the root to all evil.
And the more the church has, the less there is for Satan to influence with.
God, strike me if it won't stop.
Yes, soon even you will be saying things like,
Praise the Lord, in Jesus' name, and it's all gonna burn.
No more will you be filled with fear, frustration, and depression
when your life is touched by those crazy Christians.
The world is ready.
Christ is returning.
See it and believe it.
Crazy Christians is appearing everywhere.
Now just what could have happened to get such a piece of trice?
You have no idea what I've gone through in the last three months.
Worldwide, systematic, instant plastic surgery, butchery, murder, fake aging,
so all people are dead or useless by age 70.
Done at night to you.
You as a Frankenstein slave parroting puppet gangster slave.
Now even you know I am a menace to your worldwide mad deadly communist gangster computer god.
Therefore, I must go to extermination.
Before I am exterminated by this gangster computer god,
concocted and controlled, worst mongrel, organized crime,
murder incorporated gangster communist government,
I hand you the secrets to save the entire human race and the entire universe.
Donate money or even a manual typewriter to me for your only hope for a future.
Can you hear me?
Yes, everything fell on me.
We hear you, but you didn't hear us when we asked for contributions.
We asked and we asked and we asked, but you didn't hear us.
Now it's your turn to see how it feels.
The American double cross.
You ignored us.
Now we're going to ignore you.
Please, hurry!
And, uh, that worries us.
I was held captive all night later in chains.
I refused both all food and requests I go to sleep.
Then CIA police gangsters pretending to be Polish police with no identification beat me bloodily.
Later, while my return trip 707 Boeing Jet Air,
my airliner was being serviced for my return trip,
I quickly walked into the airplane and saw a CIA gangster with a small electric hair dryer type blower
pumping deadly poison nerve gas smoke into secret compartments under the ashtrays in the arms of the chairs
where later I was ordered to sit in the airplane full of CIA underlings, passengers,
my assassins who giggled as they watched me dragged in chains by the airplane.
By the gangster CIA police gangsters, these deadly gangster CIA passengers,
they pressed the frontal panel of the ashtrays in the seat arm.
to release the deadly poison nerve gas smoke.
Indubitably, all of the other deadly CIA underling gangsters aboard this staged return flight,
they all had taken the top secret poison nerve gas antidote pill,
immuning them from the deadly poison nerve gas smoke.
Deadly poison nerve gas smoke was sprayed at me from cigars, cigarettes, and even from ballpoint pens.
Also from the wig of a woman sitting next to me.
Even the Swiss cheese type ice cubes were evaporating into poison nerve gas smoke in all of the free drinks.
I got up and went to the rear of the airplane by the rear exit door with a large push-up.
My Frankenstein brain thoughts broadcasting radio disclosed my intentions.
Immediately, the loudspeakers screamed that the flight was over
and that our airplane was already preparing to land at Kennedy New York Airport.
You hangman rope sneak gangster playboy scum on top know these facts are true.
Not only from taking part in such undetectable exterminations,
but also you chicanerous, demented, felon parroting puppet gangsters
can watch my Frankenstein eyesight television playback of all these horrible, terrifying, deadly events.
When I returned home, Joseph I. Deck.
My only brother and deadly felon murderer and assassin spy agent against me for this gangster government.
He beat me repeatedly, cursing me that I was not exterminated by all of the poison nerve gas smoke
and that I did the impossible in that I kept awake for three days and refused all food
in order to prevent my sneak extermination.
The farmer in the dell, the farmer in the dell.
Hi-ho the dairy, oh the farmer in the dell.
Well, Mr. White, let's listen to the song...
Oh, I'm really excited.
...that's not going to intimidate.
...backwards.
Now I would kill mommy, kill mommy, kill mommy, kill mommy, kill mommy, kill mommy, kill mommy, kill mommy, kill mommy.
And now, Mr. White, do you have any comment?
The farmer in the dell is one of my favorite songs.
I was referring to the other lyrics, your lyrics, the subconscious lyrics.
Now, don't you think it's a little dangerous?
Dangerous? How? I mean, they're just lyrics.
Well, telling kids to kill their mothers.
Hey, now, wait a minute. We didn't tell kids to kill their mothers.
That was that artist expressing his love for the farmer in the dell.
He's expressing his own personal feelings, no one else's. Besides, no one takes that stuff seriously.
It could happen.
It could happen. Well, sure, it could happen. My molecules could line up with those in the chair and I could fall through, but it's very unlikely.
All right. Perhaps we should draw on a more direct example. Now, how about this selection?
Yankee Doodle went to town riding on a pony.
Stuck a feather in his head and called it Merk-
All right. Sounds harmless enough, but now let's listen backwards.
Merk-
Why steal when you can kill? Why steal when you can kill? Why steal when you can kill?
Mr. White, you're telling kids to kill.
Oh, come on. That was a rhetorical question. I don't see you defending us for discouraging thievery now.
Now, you're just trying to lower shoplifting losses, which proves you do expect subliminal messages to have an effect on listeners.
Oh, that doesn't prove anything. What it proves is that I don't like you.
What about a cover-up?
No, let's not.
Let's use the word cover-up, though, in the sense that it should be used and should not be used.
Be my guest, since you are.
If a cover-up is for the purpose of covering up criminal activities, it is illegal.
Mm-hmm. Oh.
I didn't believe that we were covering any criminal activities.
Well, I guess there you have it then. So I guess the whole Watergate thing was a pack of lies that the media invented to basically-

put their friend Jimmy in the office.
So let's talk about Jimmy for just a bit.
I've heard rumors- now, this is just rumors, mind you- that he is a little bit, uh, you know what I'm saying?
Is there any truth to that?
I'll never forget the day that we were riding on his yacht.
His yacht, that old Sequoia that President Carter has now put in mothballs.
We were sitting down at the end of the yacht.
In the back of the yacht.
Mm-hmm.
Together.
All of a sudden, impulsively, he reached over and grabbed me.
He was kind of like Johnson that way. He likes to grab people.
Johnson was that way too, eh?
He and Johnson would have had a lot of fun.
My goodness.
They're much alike.
Really?
And he put his arm around me and he said, you know-
No, no, no, maybe we better stop here. I don't want to get too personal about this, you know.
I mean, you gotta remember who our audience is.
So, uh, let's leave Jimmy alone.
Let's leave Jimmy and go on to another issue if we might.
Because you know what they're gonna say. They're gonna say that you only say that because he's a liberal and you're trying to discredit him.
I didn't want to discredit the man as an individual. I couldn't care less about the punk.
Oh, okay.
I wanted to discredit that kind of activity.
You've also been listening to Father Joe Mama.
A lot of Father Joe Mama. He had that rant there about stealing souls for Satan.
And also had a finger, one might say.
So to speak.
In the Bargain Basement Bob Art spot.
Which I believe was indeed at some point in there.
There you heard, as usual, some KPFA starring Dr. Howell.
The amazing Dr. Howell from the subgenius radio show in Berkeley.
And puzzling evidence in there.
Some clips from a radio talk show that yours truly revered.
Ivan Stang was on with some amazing callers.
Really wonderful callers.
But what you really want to know about is Francis E. Deck.
The serious ranting in there.
That's not actually Francis Deck's voice.
People have told me they thought that was actually him.
The Francis E. Deck material comes from posters that were put up on telephone poles in some New York state.
City.
That got pulled down and Xeroxed and sent around to various collectors such as myself.
And at some point in there, some radio guy, some announcer did the Francis Deck rant.
And you can look forward to all the Francis E. Deck you could ever want from us.
Although we have to censor it quite a bit.
Because he goes on and on about things that you just can't talk about in decent sense.
And that's the thing.


Or even among subgeniuses when you're talking about the radio.
The Crazy Christians bit from Kurt Kursteiner.
Whoever that is.
And also the back masking thing.
From material done, I think, with Papa Joe Mama's crew there.
Back when he was at Stanford.
That's...
Anyway, you're listening right now to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
And I'd love to give you an address that you could write to.
And if you just want to get some written information.
You don't want to tell us too much about you.
But you'd like to know what else we might have to offer.
Such as our books, our videotapes, and magazines, comics.
What is it? Bumper stickers, t-shirts, buttons.
All those stupid gee-gaws that would come with any kind of joke church.
Or with the last and ultimate, final, end times religion.
Just write to Bob.
That's right. You can just address it to Bob.
And it will get to us if you put the rest of these numbers on there.
At Post Office Box 140306.
That's 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Once again, that's Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Can this be the threshold of inner space?
Ladies and gentlemen.
This is our McDonnell Douglas Mission Control Room at Disneyland Spaceport.
The Director of Operations has been expecting you.
And while we're waiting for our flight to be called.
He'll take a few minutes to describe what's going on.
At the side post up ahead.
Your next stop.
Bob's Place! Bob's Place!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Wow!
Wow!
Wow!
Wow!

Wow!
That's a pile of horse manure, son!
The doctors will cut into your third nostril.
Open it up.
To reveal to your tiny brain.
A new dimension.
A new dimension in the heart.
Monsters become real.
Ah!
And you can see it through women's clothing.
Ha!
It saved my life.
It saved my life.
And it can save your life too.
So call now for your free no obligation information.
Call the number.
And...
I am the first person to make this fabulous journey.
Suspended in the timelessness of inner space.
The thought waves of my first impressions.
They will be our only source of contact.
Once you have passed beyond the limits of normal.
Magnification.
Magnification.
Magnification.
Magnification.
Jackie would you come here a second?
Yes, sir. This has got to stop.
See Mrs. Kennedy's pink suit?
There's a Secret Service man spread eagle over the top of the car.
Quote.
Suddenly her mouth opened and went all sort of slack.
As if hungry for flesh.
And made those noises in the throat.
And suddenly a bomb seemed to burst between our bellies.
Just noises.
And then a little boy said.
End of quotation.
Now do you see how far it has gone?
Mrs. Kennedy jumped up and grabbed Mr. Kennedy.
She called, oh no. The motorcade sped off.
But even as they made their escape.
Not only four.
They must launch again.
And just made a jump into hyperspace.
How's that?
Well, I tell you Mr. President. It's a good idea.
It's just a...
Well, a little corn ball.
A little, you know, not quite hip enough.
Yes.
You got something a little less gimmicky?
Me, me, Daddy.
I had my hand up first.
You did not. I have my hand up first.
You did not, Caroline. I had my hand up first.
You did not. I have my hand up first.
No, I want you youngsters to stop fighting among yourselves.
So go ahead, Bobby. I think you were first.
Senator Kennedy has been shot. Is that possible?
I can't have someone running around the country looking in.
I'm speaking exactly like me.
Well, how crooked can you get?
To enforce this, the legions of Chug-Dul-Dum march endlessly around the perimeter.
These brave men, some of them rotten zombies, are our only defense against the giant Saurians of the steaming primitive jungle.
These brave men, some of them rotten zombies, are our only defense against the giant Saurians of the steaming primitive jungle.
And worst of all is the big cheese.
And worst of all is the big cheese.
Their bad-smelling, hairy god, King...
Their bad-smelling, hairy god, King...
Well, I can't say it on the radio.
Come on, man. Hey, what are you doing?
Yeah, I, I, all right. I didn't mention the name of that.
Yeah, I, I, all right. I didn't mention the name of that.
Right, yeah, the Hill-Thomas hearings are over.
We don't need to rake all that stuff through.
You know, everybody knows the name of that entity.
Can you describe what happened in the jungle on that fateful night?
Can you describe what happened in the jungle on that fateful night?
Well, uh, Ann Darrow was, uh, dragged away.
Well, uh, Ann Darrow was, uh, dragged away.
You know, that's, uh, that was a long time ago.
It was more than 50 years, but I remember it well.
It was more than 50 years, but I remember it well.
You see, uh, Kong dragged her up there, and, uh,
and, well, uh, let's just say that
that Driscoll and, uh,
and Ann, uh, did marry,
but they immediately divorced.
And, uh, when reporters asked why,
And, uh, when reporters asked why,
Driscoll quipped, uh, you'd have to ask Kong about that one.
Driscoll quipped, uh, you'd have to ask Kong about that one.
Which has always led, uh, theorists to specialize in the theory of the world.
Which has always led, uh, theorists to specialize in the theory of the world.
That there might have been something between Ann and Kong
that there might have been something between Ann and Kong
when he took her up into the left eye socket of the giant skull on Skull Island
and, well, uh, you know, he, uh,
he showed her his, uh, bag of tricks.
That is to say...
Well, you're listening to the Kim Kong Hour.
Call us here at 510-848-4425
for your personalized question about Kim Kong.
Say, did you ever hear of
Kong?
Eh, why, yes, I'm a primitive native superstition.
Eh, why, yes, I'm a primitive native superstition.
Not native superstitions.
Something, Captain.
Something monstrous.
All-powerful.
Still living.
Still holding that island in a grip of deadly fear.
Still living. Still holding that island in a grip of deadly fear.
And you expect I'll photograph it?
Sure!
If it's there, you bet I'll photograph it.
Eh, what if it doesn't like having its picture taken?
Well, now you know why I brought along
Well, now you know why I brought along
those gas bombs.
Say, don't I smell one of them now?
Boyo!
Odo konobi so!
See, they're ringing the Kong gong.
Because when they ring the Kong gong, they...
How long are they gonna sound like that at a gong like that?
That's stupid. They got that...
Oh, I don't know. You know, it comes from some ancient civilization.
They knew how to do it back then.
Special sounds from the Zonker people.
Yep, that's right.
Shocking, the old giant empty body of Kong.
See if we can get some life out of it here.
Oh, that never works.
But it's worth a try, because we've got the old
Frankenstein set. I bought that too.
All these old sets, Hal. I wanna...
Here, we'll crank up the soundtrack music really loud.
Well, I'd like to, but you know,
I wanna get out into that dinosaur-infested
jungle and take some snapshots
with my Polaroid.
You got all the dinosaurs from Baby out there.
Eww!
Well, they won't last long against those stop-motion
brutes.
Yeah, a couple
midgets in a canvas bag aren't about to
tangle with a 50-foot
obesosaurus.
And then there
are the other strange critters
of the Skull Island farm.
For example, the giant Egyptian
snake, which was actually
cut from the final film.
And the Ramporincae
and Dimorphodons
seen flitting through the trees.
A strange
reptile with only two limbs, which resembles
the prehistoric Desmatosuchus,
which climbs up to menace Driscoll
as he hides in the cave
from Kong's probing
fingers. Your witness, Mr. Freud.
We're working on now
the integration of testing and quality assurance
of the image of Kong during the show here.
Ah, comes somewhat fuzzy image.
Oh, that's him.
The components were produced at many different plants
and places and were subject to elaborate procedures
for component testing during the final
subject testing of the movie.
There you go again.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
There's the thruster at the control system.
There we go. Stop thrusting and pay attention.
The dog thing was loaded.
You know, that picture of Kong is a little bit fuzzy.
Oh, I see that's him.
Here's the mushy part of him.
Yes, he sinks into the mush as everyone cries.
He's calling out to his friend,
Mighty Joe Young, to pull him out.
But Joe wouldn't
because, you know,
it wasn't the airplanes.
It was
residuals killed in the movie.
Now Superman and Lex Luthor
are running over to try to pull Kong out.
Get those two bozos out.
No one could pull Kong out of that asphalt swamp.
Now Darth Vader is flying around
in his cool little Batmobile trying to
also pull Kong out.
Officer, let me through.
I'm Carl Denim.
Denim? Why, that's the man that captured the monster.
Oh.
Well, Mr. Denim,
the airplanes got him.
Oh, no.
It wasn't the airplanes.
It was Beauty killed the beast.
Just how many shots did Beauty fire?
That's what we were wondering.
Well, uh,
two came from the forward aircraft.
Oh, yeah, thank you.
A little bit of ice there for me.
Yeah, thank you.
Yeah, you know,
two of those guys in the aircraft,
the aircraft pilot and the spotter,
because it took two to fly one of those biplanes off Curtis Field,
were in fact
Marion C. Cooper and Ernest Schoetzek,
who wanted to be sure they were in it to kill
when they shot old Kong down.
That's who's at Love Field.
The little airplane with the motor running.
The afternoon that it happened.
Yes, and then they say
Carl Denim went over and,
well, you know,
he was a little bit too busy.

He was a little bit too busy to go in the bullet exit wound of Kong.
But that's just a nasty story that was...
Well, that was started by some
Kong conspiracy theorists.
It's never been proven.
Now the autopsy on the giant
empty shell of Kong has started.
Ah, get back!
Downwind, give me some air!
Giant mats of hair that
Dino De Laurentiis has patched on here
are being...
Terrible how De Laurentiis ripped off
huge chunks of hair from the actual
Kong stuffed dummy
in the museum for his stupid
King Kong model.
You know, he ripped it off the last
taxidermist specimen of one of those Skull Island
simians and used it on
his stupid model which was used in only
two shots of his stupid movie
and the whole thing was just stupid.
Oh, look at this, a bright clear signal.
Okay, now this is the X-ray of the monster's head.
See, we think that something's still alive in here.
Yeah, probably some giant maggot
from that island.
Hmm, yes.
A magnificent skull, isn't it?
A woman lives in a basket inside a big castle
with no furniture.
Notice this skull has more cranial capacity
in proportion than a
gorilla of a normal size.
I mean, this is not only a giant gorilla,
he has a larger brain than he should have for his size.
Maybe this caller has some
idea, but maybe it's just
a time-wasting Twitter.
Don't chicken out now, we need your help to find out
whose skull this is and get it back to the netherworld.
Yeah, well,
there's no point in rifling through that caller's
drawers.
Whew.
Don't you think it's somewhat hot in here?
Where's that heat coming from?
Hmm, I don't know.
There probably isn't these aliens
behind the flight suits here.
Oh, I guess they need it a little hotter
than we do.
It must come from some place where the mean temperature
is really mean, if you know what I mean.
Oh, oh, oh.
And that's where the Church of the Subtlnious
takes a little bit of explaining,
but I don't mind explaining these things.
Before I go too far, children, I should point out
that the Pope of all New York
doesn't practice what he preaches,
because I'm not the kind of man I'm preaching to.
Children, the fourth rule of the Church of the Subtlnious
is, you will
pay to know what you
really think.
What do we mean by this, children? Well, let's say
you want to go see a movie, and
you get your New Yorker in the mail, and
you turn to that Pauline Taylor, Terrance Rappaport,
Review, and you read what he or she has to say
about it. Well, you've paid to know
what you really think.
Or let's say you want to go to one of the many lovely bars
here, Nolens, and you pick up
that free monthly music magazine,
and you read a review there.
Before you go, well, children, you've paid to know
what you really think.
And children, when you tithe to
buy that which is
Bob's, your money,
again, you have paid to know
what you really think. But for once,
children, you will get value.
For your money.
And children, you must have been
blind.
I can see
on the
dawn of this
morning
A new
ray of hope
for mankind
And your dead
men, they are marching
Allegiance
to endings
A road
Where the highways begin
And your young people are leaving
Their candles like campfires
In darkness to walk in the sun
Your young men will follow your teachings
Now they know the rounds you've done
And they've heard all your two-sided preachings
Now we know just what must be won
In the sweet of the final life
And the sweet of the final life
Close freely and clearly
For the grave of the now
While you can
And form a great circle
That shall not be broken
Proclaim the freedom of man
Just like the



Of old
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
