What time is it, Tevis?
It's Bob time! Time for the hour of slack!
Tevis, you know that you're not supposed to be watching the hour of slack because it's too weird for you.
Uh-uh!
Oh yeah, I'll prove it. Right, Daddy?
Huh? What?
Right, she's not supposed to see the hour of slack.
Uh-uh!
Oh, Tevis is just as weird as the hour of slack, aren't you, Tev?
Yeah!
Mr. Smith is a good white man.
Mr. Smith is our friend and father.
Mr. Smith.
Mr. Smith.
Mr. Smith.
Mr. Smith.
Mr. Smith.
Mr. Smith is a good white man.
He's a good white man.
Mr. Smith is a good white man. I don't know what that is from.
What time is it now, Tevi?
Five o'clock!
Where did you get that rubbish from?
I don't know.
Well, you're not supposed to get it from our mother.
What's up, buddy?
What's your problem over there, bud?
Friends, this one's not a re-run.
We really are here in Stang Ranch, Texas, in the home studio.
And I've got a lot of tracks and things done by other hermits in home studios.
Oh, poor buddy.
He's already got cabin fever because he doesn't want to be socially disturbed.
He's already distanced.
So, uh, yes, yes.
Buddy?
I think he wants his chew.
We hoarded plenty of chews.
Hold on. I'll be back.
Oh, sorry, friends.
We didn't used to have those problems at WCSB radio station.
Nor this sagging microphone.
Damn.
I know.
Although, they're all having to work from home right now, too.
It's all auto remote control.
I'm probably one of the few people able to send them fresh shows.
Quickly.
Anyway, friends, what have we been listening to?
I don't know.

I don't know if memory serves correctly.
The intro to the show was my son and daughter in 1987 or so.
And then I believe, oh, oh, oh, this time we're going to be playing Onan Canobite reading rants by me and later me reading rants by him.
Which the answer is, yeah, he might be racing each season now for the show.

Ernie asked me one day if I could remember if he reveals the story of the earth minлекс.

Oh, I see.



Hum, it's those these fantastic зачем- shift planets, and they're dumping gas into planets.

But you're sending all these different lay redefIDE questions at my startup factory, and so will I.

And recently, whenever we go to any place, the망 will start re-stringing with us all together, and we will probably re- Campus swings.
Something big, yes, big, is on the way.
It may or may not be the end of the world, but it will be the end of something.
Something that was so near and dear to us that we've all taken it for granted for so long
that when it goes, we won't notice.
The word human will take on a whole new meaning, and most yo-yos will never be the wiser.
The end will come and go, and if it isn't cataclysmic, nobody will pay attention.
And if it is, people will, but they'll have the wrong explanation for it.
No explanation will be the right one.
And we'll be bemoaned.
We'll be bemoaning the loss of things that didn't make any difference,
while we'll never notice what we really lost,
because we won't be human enough afterwards to remember ever having had it.
Yes, all you deaf ears down there, heads up, look out below.
There will be plenty of distractions to take our minds off the road.
There will be plenty of things you can do to help, but you won't be able to do it.
For instance, beware.
The fake God Junior will come before 1998.
Bullets won't even slow him down.
He's a deceptively human-looking, supersonic, Nazi Hell creature from below the hollow Earth.
But a lot of people will think he's the Second Coming,
and his alien hyenae will be kissed by a giant.

and his alien hyenae will be kissed by a giant.
All the way to world dictatorship and beyond.
And when the real Messiah shows up again,
most people, even the Christian race,
will know in the bottom of their core programming that he's the Antichrist.
They'll know, alright, because he'll cuss and spit and take the Lord's name in vain,
and hang out with whores and bull-daggers and drug addicts and policemen and other down-home sorts.
And when he's dead, and the real Antichrist has been unmasked as a fake,
they'll weep and gnash and all that, and still never admit what they did.
This is a warning. Danger.
Danger, you poor devils.
Things are more mixed up than you ever dreamed.
What was up is down.
The priorities are all screwy.
You're fretting if your hair looks okay while bladder cancer is busting out the front of your jeans.
Yes, this is bad talk.
Nobody will listen to anything else.
Nobody will listen to anything else.
You won't watch TV unless body parts or cars are jiggling or crashing on it.
You won't taste your food unless it has some nerve drug in it.
You haven't used your other senses since you were five.
And you sure as hell won't stop what you're doing
unless someone much bigger, much stronger, and much, much more self-assured
makes you stop.
And you'll thank him for it.
And then, just before you fry in a flash of radioactive hindsight,
you'll realize he stopped you from doing the wrong thing.
Good God.
What in the name of sweet, screaming Jesus is this world coming to?
People bitch. People gripe.
This is a sign of the end times.
That's a sign of the end times.
When you should all be hollering,
it's all a sign of the end times.
So, don't surrender to the conspiracy.
Join up with the sub-subculture,
the most understood minority.
Donate the tithe that binds.
Dole out that we may ever pump out the word.
Enter into our covenant with the space deities.
Indulge in mental Darwinism.
Help discover the perfect money-making formula.
Go scouring. Get slack.
Keep meditating our way.
And don't waver from the Bob path.
Give us your children.
Bob won't promise you he'll prevent the end of the world.
But he'll sure as hell see that you get front row tickets.
And the schools are 들ring at everyone.
They'll Klar chareld lobby you.
All that doesn't work at all is just never giving a damn.

It affects at it's most.


Baybel, I've got to get to my real house.
I can't even type when I'm making a deal.
Imagine there's no people
Imagine there's no people
Imagine there's no people
Imagine there's no people
Imagine there's no people
We've been living
We've been living
We've been living
We've been living
We've been living
We've been living
We've been living
We've been living
We've been living
We've been living
We've been living
We've been living
We've been living
We've been living
We've been living
We've been living
We've been living
We've been living
We've been living
We've been living
We've been living
We've been living
We've been living
We're all living
We've been living
We're all living
We've been living
We've been living
We've been living
We're all living
Jack grabbed his humpback, give it a blow
Jack meets up with a natural born hoe
Ho find a way to make the Klugman meat grow
Jack find a way to make the Klugman meat grow
Ho scratch Jack in the twilight zone
Ho scratch Jack on the Klugman bone
Ho scratch Jack, Jack Klugman meat grow
Ho squat down on the Klugman bone
Ho start pumping like a Model T4
Ho grab his own and give it a blow
Ho find a way to make the Klugman meat so
Got the clap Jack, got it from the hoe
Got the clap Jack, now the Klugman meat so
Ho gave Jack clap, Jack Klugman meat so
Ho gave Jack clap, Jack Klugman meat so

Jack clap, Jack Klugman meat grow
Jack Klugman meat so
Jack Klugman meat grow
Ha ha ha ha ha

Ha ha haa ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Ha ha ha ha ha a ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha He's still running
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Episcopalian private school that was all male. And yeah, the math teachers really hated this speech
and said that I had always been a little piece of bleep. The English teachers came up and clapped
me on the back, loved it. Of course, they all had beards. Oh, I should mention here, the audio
quality on this is kind of bad. I guess I've recorded over a used tape and you can hear,
faintly hear the background chatter, which I think is probably me talking to some friend.
So try to ignore the background. Good idea though.
Help me on somebody. Yes. What do you know?
Boy, this place really looks different. Everyone used to be facing this way and
all the windows are still there. This was a for real chapel at one time, as I'm sure
many of you know. It was a chapel that was built in the early 90s. It was built in the
early 90s, as most of y'all know, complete with a preacher. We got a legit Episcopal sermon every
morning by an authentic ordained minister. I'm sure, yeah, yeah, still here. But it was an entirely
different situation in that everybody, whether you were Christian or Jewish or what, we all prayed.
We had to pray. We all at least had to look like we were. We'd hang our heads very solemnly.
And we were praying all right, but we weren't always praying for what we were supposed to be
praying for. So in honor of those bygone days when test scores were higher, I will preach a sermon
and I was there. The last time I was here, it was probably two or three years ago, but the last time
I was here, I told the truth. So instead, this time I got that out of the way. I go ahead and
preach a subgenius sermon, which actually the way we should do that, it'd be more akin to pro wrestling.
But I don't think the world's quite ready for that complete, you know, joining of the two mediums
there. So some of you may be in the middle of the room. I'm sure you're all ready for that. I'm sure you're
ready for that. But I'm sure you're all ready for that. So some of you may be going, now, wait a minute,
who is this guy? There was never any Ivan Stang that went to St. Mark's. And that's true. There's
been a terrible mistake and I shouldn't even be here, but it's too late now. They let me start.
I thought this guy was known for making movies or something, but I kind of let that slide to a
certain extent because of my anonymous work for the Church of the Subgenius, which if you don't
already know about that, many people consider it probably the evil mind control cult to end all mind
control cults. But for us subgeni, it's really nothing more than our simple faith in this man, J.R.
Bob Dobbs, known for many things, a man of many faces, a salesman and a mystic at the same time.
Sort of combining the two. It's a very successful combination these days. He's many things, Bob is.
He's, among other things, a symbol. Not for the oppressed, but for the different, which sometimes is the
same thing. Not always, though. Bob is like simultaneously the ultimate rebel and at the same time the
ultimate money-grubbing, power-hungry authoritarian.
Yeah.

Which is what the successful rebel inevitably becomes, you know, if he really gets successful.
Now, when I went to school here, of course, in the early 70s, it was still sort of cool to be the ultimate rebel.
And I tried, but in those days, hair was probably the biggest issue. It may still be. In fact, I was told that I
wouldn't be allowed to graduate if I didn't cut my hair.
I was told that I wouldn't be allowed to graduate if I didn't cut my hair. Which was almost as long as it is now.
The last time I was here, I had short hair, I think, but a blue jean jacket, you know, to complete the image.
You have to manipulate these images if you want to make any money at them and also to be successful in terms of
programming young minds. I almost didn't graduate, but I did. At the last minute, they decided, oh, let's not make a big stink out of it.
My parents were embarrassed.
They were embarrassed and so forth. But the thing was, I was really into hating St. Mark's at the time.
It was like my senior project might as well have been just the hatred of St. Mark's. But looking back on it, I really was into
hating it for all the wrong reasons. I still badmouth St. Mark's, don't get me wrong. But it's for a completely different, you know,
it's like I've got to go to school. I've got to go to school. I've got to go to school. I've got to go to school. I've got to go to school.
And that's how I got it a little more focused. In those days, this was very idiotic but I used to think, well, this school is just too
elitist. It was to snobbish and intellectual and ivory castle for rich kids. Out of touch with the common pop culture that
was actually shaping everyone's lives, including ours. But, after awhile, I got kind of convinced and at least to the extent that I had



I got out and went to UT, actually, big public school,
and discovered that all men are actually not created equal,
certainly in terms of rights.
And many of you are going to be in for a profound shock.
I hate to say it.
If you get into one of those giant public schools,
you will find that in the country of the blind,
the one-eyed man can be king, but only if he plays his cards right.
Hence, one of Bob's wise sayings,
act like a dumbass and they'll treat you like an equal.
Sorry to be so cynical, but that's in a way, you know.
But I did, I realized that, you know,
there should be a refuge,
for the neurotic pampered offspring of the rich,
such as myself, probably included.
I did get a good academic training here,
despite all my efforts to the contrary.
But the proper reason to hate St. Mark's
is much, much more fundamental than any of those.
That was intellectual garbage.
In fact, you couldn't get more fundamental.
And the proper reason to hate St. Mark's
is that there are no girls in this entire,
well, let's see, are there?
In the entire, praise Bob.
E-I-I-I.
And I, oh, focus for many forces, friends.
See, I'm not saying that I'm going to say,
girls, now wait a minute.
Reverend Stang, are you talking about those mutated things
over there at Hockaday?
I thought those were just for dating,
or well, sex, hopefully.
But they don't go to school, do they?
They don't, I mean, what would be the point?
They're just walking flesh things, pleasure machines, right?
And I don't know, I don't know.
It may not bother a lot of y'all.
And in some of my classes,
I've had a lot of people say,
well, they're classmates, it never got to them.
They managed to have a perfectly,
well, relatively normal social life, I guess.
But it drove me crazy.
And in fact, at one point, I actually,
in one of the study rooms in the library,
just the frustration of it all caused me to scream out loud
for no other reason.
And I never was able to successfully explain
my way out of that.
The strangest coincidence got me off the hook.
Actually, the very day I was going in to go in
and see Mr. Connolly,
and I mean, I couldn't explain it.
But this film catalog came out
that had one of my little animated films in it.
And the librarian was so impressed
that she told him to blow it off.
Saved in the nick of time.
But I used to hang around the drama club
despite the common filmmaker's revulsion towards theater,
which is like one shot, you know,
it's just not the same.
Because that was where the gals were.
And I actually ended up marrying one of those.
But in those days, St. Mark's was a liberal,
liberal place.
I mean, it was, compared to nowadays,
from what I understand, I could be wrong,
for a little while, this place was like a hippie love inn.
I mean, it was, it really was a very, very different thing.
Although it kind of didn't last very long.
But still, but still, there was that one problem.
There were no female entities.
No non-tool using primates.
Of course, in those days, it was a different thing
because, you know, about the worst thing,
you could get somebody pregnant,
you could have to go get penicillin for something,
but you wouldn't die.
You wouldn't die.
Sex was not a dangerous, quite so dangerous in those days.
So nowadays, you know, it's still,
we still have the problem of missing out just a bit
on the basics.
You know, they're improving your brains here,
but frankly, dear friends, brains,
you know, to make a good living on the kind of jobs
that are available to you now in the 80s,
frankly, brains are not good.
They are a detriment to success.
If you have to actually think about most of the jobs
that you'll fall into if you let yourself accidentally
fall into one, you're not going to need the brains part.
You're going to need those basics.
So I don't know.
This is just my personal opinion of a possible change
of priorities somewhere down the line.
In the early 70s, I mean, look,
in a way, things haven't changed that much.
In the early 70s, we used to go to see concerts
of Alice Cooper, drunk transvestite.
Now, you know, it's Boy George, junkie transvestite.
You know, how much have things changed?
Isn't it time for Bob?
So, let's see, what time?
I guess it's time to let you all go.
I should make one final sort of warning.
I love to act like an old man.
I'm 33 and I have two kids, so it's my prerogative.
But if there's one thing that you all take from here,
besides a couple of gag lines,
and please take this very seriously,
as horrible as it sounds, it isn't what you know,
it's what you have.
It really is who you know.
You hear a pin drop.
It sounds corny as hell.
But, you know, after a while,
when I found out all my success was coming from who I knew,
ugh, it can be depressing, dear friends.
So, on that note, good note to let, you know,
start the week off on.
And I'm sure you'll find it true in the high school situation, too.
It certainly was when I was around.
Oh, the one thing I might mention,
I might throw in about the teen,
I had originally thought about doing a whole rant
about teen rebels through the years,
you know, culminating, of course, in the pitch for Bob.
But the one way in which I was a teen rebel
is that I was one of the first kids
to have a few people in my senior class at that time
that wasn't doing drugs.
And strangely enough,
and the funny thing was,
the school administration was convinced
that I was one of the few that was.
So, in a way, I guess I was taking heat off of the guilty parties.
Um, yeah.
So you never know, dear friends.
You never know what's behind the special effects.
Um, the appearances are not always the same.
So I don't know who the teen hero for the modern age is, dear friends,
but it should be this man, Bob!
Praise Bob!
Oh, help me, somebody!
Thank you.
Nice. Short one.
Whoo!

The St. Mark's School of Texas rant
that got the kid who invited me
almost expelled from school
because I dared to talk about the elephant
that wasn't in the room.
You know, the cute one that wears skirts.
I guess I'm not supposed to say that.
And now, let's listen to what seems to be
a very old show.
Some puzzling evidence, some Hour of Slack.
This is from around the time of Hour of Slack 69.
It may be from Hour of Slack number 70.
Uh, it's from the same source.
And so this would be from real early, 1986.
Early 87, something like that.
It's still slack, dear friends.
It's the mighty, mighty slack.
You know what I mean?
They used these bloody chunks of flesh
in the healing ceremonies.
They're good for feeding your pet Pekingese and poodle, too.
Remember to write, Dear Dr. Animal,
Radio KPFA, 2207 Shattuck Avenue,
Berkeley, California, 94704.
Okay.
Yeah, that's all well and good, man, but, you know, I'm gonna...
No, it's well, man.
I'll cut this out before I dismiss all of you from the scale.
Well, you will.
Well, I'm gonna sue because my dog is suffering a case of Bob possession.
After I caught my dog listening last week to your show, man,
I could swear I heard him say, Bob.
Did the dog ask you to take a gun and, well, do anything unusual?
No, but just after he said Bob, and I wasn't sure I heard it, man,
I know I swear I heard him say,
Well, you might have had a slight case of canine indigestion.
Make sure your rover gets plenty of that.
And plenty of milk of magnesia.
Well, you gotta tell Ivan Stang, man, to come do an exorcism on this dog.
Tell him yourself, he's right here.
He's right here.
Demon!
Demon, I command you in the name of Bob, I have dominance over you.
Demon, come out!
Come out, demon!
Oh, look at...
Oh, there it is.
The false slack pours out of the beast's mouth.
You ruined the carpet.
Hey, Bob!
Oh!
Curse you, Stang!
Our name is Luger!
Yes, it was a miracle, Ivan.
But you've ruined the carpet.
And I'm afraid your church is gonna have to pay to get our church repaired.
Money is no object, dear friends.
As long as it's burned and the smoke reaches the excess.
If you calculate 999, which are Bob's numbers, at 999 and 999...
Dial 9 to get out of here.
That is exactly right.
And it's the same as three times 666.
Can you imagine how I felt when Bucknacket and I discovered...
You're right.
...that 666 was one-third of 1998?
Hmm?
No way.
All it does...
But we don't question the wisdom of Bob.
I mean, we don't need to.
No.
We put our trust, our total faith, total faith in that man Bob.
We may never have seen him.
We've never talked to him on the phone.
We don't know him personally, necessarily, except deep, deep in our hearts and in our
pockets, in our hands.
We are Bob participating in himself.
Does...
He incarnates in himself.
The apoptotudic incarnation.
Thank you.
You know, I searched for all these...
Thank you.
...through all the religions of the earth.
But you have the book of the subgenius.
That's right.
This is the only religion that will change your spinal fluid.
Ooh, that was a laid-back show.
Whoa, it's not laid-back anymore!
Look out!
Whoa!
You are about to hear Bob's story.
It's a story about a man who was a man, and he was a man, and he was a man, and he was

a man, and he was a man, and he was a man, and he was a man.
You are about to participate in a great adventure.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to...
The subgenius.
Our subgenius.
Watch!
Welcome potential initiates, and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Oh, it's the power of the soul.
Oh, it's the power of the soul.



Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry, Hour of Slack, sponsored by the Church of
the Subgenius.
The subgenius, Hour of Slack, that you are about to listen to is specially designed only
to be played on radio station...
K-N-O-N.
And only in the city of...
Dallas, Texas.
K-N-O-N.
We're the subgenius.
We're the subgenius.
We're the subgenius.
We're the subgenius.
Welcome dear friends, to the subgenius Hour of Slack.
I walked back up to the grassy knoll again, and started heading back down.
I left that group of...
I left that group of...
wacky Zenos and the Gazebo and the Sodbusters
Museum and that wing-ding nut-flanger
on the accordion. Well, I just didn't know what to think,
you know. Coming up here, hanging around with the grass
and the trees, it's just natural. But these people were
talking different, and I don't know.
I'm just interested in sitting around and
picking my nose and spitting and stuff like that.
Well, it just made me think an awful lot.
Golly, my head got big and
well, I never knew I had so many ideas.
I began to think about writing them down or taking some pictures
or getting a tape recorder or something and them things, but
I know I didn't want to mess with them.
I just wanted to be natural, you know, sitting out here with the
old rocks and watching the clouds roll by.
But that old stranger with the accordion,
why, he made me feel a little
different. I kind of got excited
and, well, I liked it a little
bit. It never happened like that before. Suddenly, I began
to reflect on my whole...
life. Why, it was like a rock or a polka.
No, my life wasn't like a polka, but here it was again, and
God almighty, hiya, mister!
How are you, little fella?
Where is the rock?
Huh, huh.
Ah!
, this Car donut!




wine!
Are you hungry?
I'm not.


Though coffee doesn't feel that sort of cool.
Isn't that cool?
No, that's a Shiva thing.
Well, it's a komma still.
The Bora baby, though, she turns it the other way.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Now, news from the local Cervasovirus front, as Dave called it.
Dave is sick, by the way.
Not with that.
He got...
I need to do a GoFundMe for him.
Well, there is one.
Subgenius.com.
Take a look.
Nobody in town here in Glen Rose has the Covfef-19 that we know of.
But then there aren't any testing kits in this town, so nobody actually knows at all.
For me and my family, immediate family,
staying ranch is probably the safest place for three old folks
to be.
No neighbors.
And we've been self-quarantining for years now, especially me.
So for us, it's essentially no change,
except that I haven't touched anything in town,
except through an alcohol-soaked handkerchief.
And we've been living on disinfectant-wiped sandwiches
and goat-faced soup.
I, uh...
I hoarded early,
and I bought up all 96 bottles of hard liquor in town,
but...
I'm kind of worried about next week.
Uh, but seriously, friends,
I can't get over how fast that fundraiser worked.
I just about cried, uh,
when the $1,000 goal was met within four hours.
And then overnight, we got the whole lawyer bill covered,
which is a huge load off my shoulders.
You can't imagine.
Or can you?
I get the impression that some of you actually can.
So thank...
I want to thank everybody.
I want to thank everybody individually.
My heart soars like a turkey buzzard.
And, uh, everything may be going to hell in a handbasket,
who was a great singer, by the way,
but the way that individuals help each other
puts it all in a bigger and better perspective, friends.
Uh, we gotta stick together.
And evidently, we do.
So thank you all so much,
and including the ones who wanted to help but couldn't
because they needed help.
I hope, like hell,
I can help you when you need it.
Or even before.
That would be nice, wouldn't it?
The good news is,
there's been a couple of weeks now
during which the dumbest pinks
have been deliberately packing themselves
into pinkster habitats
to give each other disease.
To own the smarty pants people.
Well, that's just brilliant.
They win.
I'm owned.
Consider me a winner.
Me owned.
Praise Bob.
Every day, I check a Facebook page
that's centered on just this small rural Texas town.
Um, it's mostly about lost dogs.
And, uh, Zuck aside,
it's actually the best source of immediate local news,
as long as one attends only to the posts
offering complete sentences and standard English spelling.
Of course, then there's the angry redneck posts.
Mm-hmm.
And, uh, it happens.
Certain rednecks get angry instantly
upon the act of turning on Facebook,
which to many of them is the entire internet
as well as their whole computer.
Now, up until two days ago, they were all like,
y'all must be stooped.
What are you gonna do with toilet paper?
It's just a demon crab hoax, you i-do-its.
I went to the parade with my kids and then the bar,
and we partied.
Screw Obama.
Bummer.
Fake media.
Duh.
MAGA.
Well, two days later, all of a sudden,
different story indeed.
The very same obese, wheezing senior and junior rednecks
have razed the store aisles for everything perishable,
since there's not much else left.
Uh, thanks to me.
They were the first ones to empty out
the Little Debbie's cookies.
Uh, but then they heard about
the fights over taters over to Burleson's at the Hebes,
so they scooped up all the taters here and the maters.
I hope they know how to can that stuff.
Uh, I hoarded way early, of course.
Uh, the world ends tomorrow and you may die.
We've been saying that for decades,
and I practiced what I preached.
What really surprises me, though,
is that the coffee and beer shelves look pretty much normal.
What are these people thinking?
They need to wipe their massive, fat butts more often
than they're gonna want a cup of java or a shiner's?
Are they that math impaired?
You know, I'm one of those people
that lives so much longer than I expected to
that now I covet life and would like to keep going with it
at least long enough to see the next few
Marvel superhero movies
and see my three grandsons get rich and famous.
Now, many of us subgeniuses have been practicing social distance,
and I'm not sure if that's true.
I mean, I've been practicing our whole lives,
although maybe involuntarily,
because nobody would go to bed with us
back when we wanted them to,
and everybody else sucked anyway.
Now, I'm, uh, probably fairly gregarious and huggy,
as subgeniuses go.
My first and second wives really worked on that.
And I had to work real jobs with the others most of my life,
but these days I'm really fine with living in the woods
a half mile from any road,
and 30 miles from any real box store-type civilization.
And yes, it is indeed darned heavenly,
and I deserve it even if I just lucked into it.
But nonetheless, the anxiety creeps in.
I'm a bit of a news hog.
I only read the news.
No radio or TV news for me,
because I read fast,
and I can cover all the main versions
of any given story that way.
Right wing, left wing, mainstream.
But at my own speed, which is pretty fast.
So, uh, but even without the shrill doomsaying
and the, uh, after this message of the radio TV crap,
the unpleasant true facts can build up and get to you.
I was thinking, I've got four houses full of my relatives
in this little tiny city-state that I call Stang Ranch.
That's not what they call it.
They call it the compound.
Um, I was thinking maybe my brother and I
should call a Klan-wide meeting,
but it would have to be by teleconference.
It's crazy.
Uh, uh...
Why would we teleconference when we all know perfectly well
we're all gonna die anyway when the town folks decide to storm
that big ranch just outside of town with the goats
and, uh, and slay us all for wearing glasses
and using big words
and just looking like we think we're smarter than them?
But, hey, it happened in Russia, China, and Cambodia
and other places.
60 million readers, intellectuals, and bilinguals
killed each in the first of those two cultural revolutions,
and it was even worse in Cambodia.
And that doesn't even count the reeducating in the work camps.
And it happened in Germany.
Probably what one might have thought
just about the most advanced country around that time.
Oh, I'm telling you, baby, that it can't happen here.
But my ear to the pavement tells me that the pinks' Internet talk
about civil war and taking the country back from the libtards
and the Jews and the Mexicans and the libtards,
you think they're so smart, and those Jews and those Mexicans,
they've been saying all that since I was a little kid
over a hundred years ago,
and I don't think they're any more likely this time
than last time that they're gonna be saying that.
And I think that's the only time to actually get off their asses,
especially now that they have the Internet to bluster on,
just like their infant man-child god-king.
Man, this is some fucked-up shit.
And yet I'm proceeding about my goofy business
pretty much as usual every day.
You know, wouldn't it be great if us smarty pants
were just overreacting to this?
That would kick ass.
Oh, the music in the background is Einstein's Secret Orchestra,
led by the late Chaz Smith,
Lonesome Cowboy Dave on guitar,
Michelle George on violin.
I think she's got a different name now.
And Bob Mosick on drums.
And it's the album called Witch Disco,
which I don't think you can actually get anymore.
Huh.
Price Bob, help me somebody.
Somebody...
Oh, oh, that's right.
If you're a prisoner and can't get on the Internet
and somehow hear this by radio,
you can write to us at Post Office Box 807,
Glen Rose, Texas, 76043.
We sympathize with the prisoner.
We drive to Gatesville every month.
Except they're not allowing visitation now.
Hmm.
Uh, subgenius.com.
And thank you for all the help.
Those who helped and those who wanted to help.
Pray, Bob.
I to pieces.
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
