Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry, Hour of Slash.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
The subgenius Hour of Slash that you are about to listen to is specially designed only to be played on radio station and only in the city of...
Time is running out, children.
I would hate to be you.
And be at the X-Day drill and not be a member of the Church of the Subgenius.
Disbelievers or especially those who will believe anything.
And when we say mutants, we're not talking about just mutants.
I'm talking about the monsters, sports of nature that are the subgenius.
They don't always look like it.
Sometimes they look almost normal.
They could pass.
They could be asperhuman.
But, oh, inside is the monster.
And often did we not pity the monster in those movies?
But, no, Bob's going to take care of everything.
Now, some people have gotten the idea that the Church of the Subgenius is a Texas death cult.
And we're trying to do our best, dear friends, to live up to that very notion.
And what you were just listening to were, well, those were broad...
That was a...
Tape of a videotape of somebody's little boomboxes out in the woods broadcasting WBOB radio at the X-Day drill.
And WBOB radio was a tape of a tape of a tape made at that same campground five or six years before.
And so, friends, with me, you and both of us are going to go back into the X-Day drill, the subgenius campout.
And preparation for the end of the world, which we have every year out in rural New York.
And, yes, we're going to go back.
Despite the chilly nights and the wet grass and despite the spastic colon, we must, must go back to Brushwood and the end of the world drill, the X-Day drill.
Friends, I have to describe the scene a little bit before we go back into these tapes.
The X-Day drill.


Next day drills are held at a campground called Brushwood, a really nice campground out in
rural New York.
And if you take your shirt off there and bang on drums all night, why no one shall gainsay
you even if you're a girl.
Because Brushwood is often used by the pagans, friends of that area, Northern Ohio, Pennsylvania,
New York area.
And you know some subgeniuses look down on the pagans.
But as rival religious nuts and kooks go, I've always found them pretty tolerant of
their fellow religious nuts.
Plus, friends, there's another thing.
There has been a pattern of subgenius males luring pagan females away from their pagan
boyfriends.
Now, I'm not saying that's a bad thing.

I'm just saying that subgenius women generally don't have to do that because they're still
most, I hate to admit it, but they're mostly still outnumbered by subgenius men.
Friends as you know, Bob needs women.
But let us, now that you know that this is all happening at a campground, a rainy but
yet sunny campground.
Friends.
Let us, let us go drifting back to lovely Brushwood and the Ex Day Drill where we will
listen to the lovely lilting music of the doctor bands.
The subgenius doctor bands.
Or Wotan bands as we call them.
Bands that form right then and there from the audience.
In fact, the only rule in a doctor band event is that you can't be in the audience.
You have to play an instrument.
But you can't be in the audience.
You can't play an instrument that you know how to play.
Which is why what you're hearing in the background is not subgenius doctor music.
However, this here is.
Let's listen to this lovely rendition of the old classic Row, Row, Row Your Boat as done
by the Thursday Night Wotan Band.
Thank you.
mostly
Kind of psychedelic, ain't it, friends?
I don't know about you, I actually love this kind of hideous mix.
To tell the truth, it sounds better on tape than it did when we were actually there.
That is a strange feature of Wotan music.
But we're a very democratic church, as you know.
Self-geniuses, please turn your radios to 91.9 FM as WBOB is now on the air.
Anyone wishing to be a DJ?
Should head over to...
Where is that?
The radio booth on top of the hill.
By the little hut.
The little hut.
White van.
Hear me.
I won't go down there, they probably can't even hear you.
91.9.
91.9 WBOB, please turn your stations.
That would be a DJ.
Head on over, man, you're on.
That's Shaq.
Head on over to the studio.
Come on, follow me.
DJ Soso Dada.
Oh, I have to get my cage out of the car.
DJ Soso Dada will be on for the next hour or so, bringing you your favorite self-genius hits.
Oh, Freebird.
Oh, please, no Freebird.
But please, make yourself at peace at my home.
Please, be peaceful at my home.
Oh, please, ignore the King Cobra.
Oh, it bit you?
Oh, pay no never mind.
But please, be at peace at my home.
Oh, here comes my lovely wife.
No, she is not a Hindu.
The dot on her head is a cyst.
But please, be at peace at my home.
No, I am not wearing a turban.
I am just having a bad hair day.
But please, be at peace at my home.
Oh, please, be at peace at my home.
Would you like to see my hatma hatma?
But just be at peace at my home.
Would you like to see me do the dance of Shiva?
No!
But please, be at peace at my home.
Sigh.
Scientology.
It's good for John Travolta.
It's good for me.
Thank you.
Get along, get along, get along, get along.
Little prairie squid.
Get along, get along, get along, get along.
Little prairie squid.
Well, I don't know how you got there.
Or how you got all that hair.
You bring me such good luck.
While you slurp and you start to suck.
Get along, get along, get along, get along.
Little prairie squid.
Get along, get along, get along, get along.
Little prairie squid.
You're so sweet and you're so shiny.
As you slip and tentacle up my herni.
I like how you speak.
And you bait down on my beak.
Get along, get along, get along.
Little prairie squid.
Get along, get along, get along.
Little prairie squid.
I thought you were my own friend.
Until the very end.
You said I was a fool.
When I forgot my to beak and to.
Get along, get along, get along, get along.
Little prairie squid.
Get along, get along, get along.
Little prairie squid.
Get along, get along, get along.

Thank you.
Yes, dear friends, Jehovah Hates Fred.
A great subgenius band out of Chicago.
Have a lot of rats in my ears.
Howdy.
I'm Reverend Groovy G.
I just made a new record.




I just wanted to make one quick announcement.
Last year at this time I stood before this crowd
and I declared a schism in the Church of the Subgenius.
I, having become quite impressed with the power
and the awesome hatred of Reverend Lagoum,
decided that he was the man I wanted to follow,
not the evangelicals in Dallas.
So I created the Eastern Orthodox Church of the Subgenius,
declared Reverend Lagoum to be my patriarch,
and split from the Church and formed the military branch
of that schism, Lagoum's Legioneers,
with the stated purpose to kill as many humans as possible.
Now last night I stood before you with my new schism,
the Confederate Subgenius Axis.
And having declared the existence of the CSA,
I've had quite a few people come up to me today and say,
Reverend G., what happened to the Eastern Orthodox Church
of the Subgenius?
Never fear.
The Eastern Orthodox Church of the Subgenius,
the Eastern Orthodox Church is still in existence.
Lagoum's Legioneers continue to drill and practice,
and we are prepared for X Day.
However, like any good church, we have our charity,
a charity that we ask people to contribute to.
And this year, in the final year before X Day,
our charity is bullets for Dr. Lagoum.
Yes.
We are trying to stockpile
Yeah!
a munitions dump to put the Pentagon to shame.
Reverend Lagoum needs ammunition.
And he's the man to know what to do with it.
So tonight, right here, one year before X Day,
I want to start this campaign rolling
and ask any of you folks out there in the audience tonight
who just happen to have a few spare bullets
or shotgun shells in your pocket
to come on up here tonight and donate them
to the Bullets for Dr. Lagoum.
Is there anyone who just happens to be carrying
a little ammunition around with them tonight that could come?
Yes, there we are, the first brother.
Thank you, thank you, brother.
Yes, and what do you have for Dr. Lagoum tonight?
Here is the first batch of mass casualties for the church
from the Office of Serious Bullshit
of the Subgenius League of Ass-Kickers.
They hold a complete box of .22s,
carefully placed, single-shot, multiple fatalities.
Right on!
Yes!
The campaign is going, folks.
Is there anyone else here tonight
who just happens to have a few bullets
jingling in their pocket?
Right here.
Right here, right here.
We have another man with a box of...
What do we have here tonight?
We have five-shot shells,
pure D buckshot,
12-gauge, double-aught buck.
Can you believe it?
Yes!
And he may be from Dallas,
but we still love you, Lagoum.
Nothing.
All right, all right.
Any other bullets in the audience tonight
for Dr. Lagoum?
Okay, well, it's not too late,
early tomorrow morning to,
or even late tonight,
to drive in the Sherman,
bust into the local gun shop,
clean them out,
and bring all the weapons and munitions
right back here.
Now, barring that,
if you are too inebriated
to carry out that plan tonight,
then what I would ask each and every one of you
is to go home,
start buying ammunition,
stashing it away,
and next year,
haul that shit here to Brushwood
so that we're well prepared
to start the mayhem
that the Xs are gonna kick off here.
Thanks a lot for listening to me babble.
I'm Reverend Groovy G
of the Eastern Orthodox Church of the Subgenius,
and I'd like Reverend Lagoum here,
our patriarch,
to come forward
and receive these bullets tonight.
Praise Reverend Lagoum!
Praise Reverend Lagoum!
Praise Reverend Lagoum!
Thank you, Reverend Groovy.
Thank you, contributors.
Thank you, Reverend Lagoum.
I'll put these to real good use.
You're an inspiration to us all.
I'm touched.
I'm touched.
But I'm not touched as hard
as the recipients of these
lead pellets are gonna be.
Oh, 22 cartridges.
There's 550 of them in a box.
That's one per pink.
You know,
for those of you who are interested in guns,
I'd suggest the Ruger Mark IV.
It's a .22 caliber pistol,
semi-automatic 10-round clip.
It can be fitted with a Walmart lawnmower muffler,
and it reduces the sound
to about the same as a BB gun.
Hey, this is what they used on Bobby Kennedy.
That's right.
But remember,
get up close from behind.
It's not very sportsmanlike,
but hey, fuck it.
Dead pink's a dead pink, brothers and sisters.
Yeah!
They're not quite as pink
after the blood runs out.
Yeah!
Sheesh!
Put it out!
There you go.
On your way.
On your way.
Oh, so can you see
By the paint's burning bright
What so proudly they screamed
As the blood flowed free
How they died for cover
As the lasers did fire
How they scattered
And I wish you could come up
with the rest of the lines,
but I'm coming up with the top of my head,
so I'm going to do the last two.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Raise the, raise the.
Very well done.
Thank you.


And if all the bobbies
cut off all their hair,
he don't care.
I don't mind.
That's right, children.
It was a long time ago
when I first met J.R. Bob Dobbs.
I don't mind.

I heard, first heard the name of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
I saw those grinning dots
on the chest of Reverend Stevie Hambone
in Austin, Texas,
the day after the very first
subgenius world revival
held in Dallas.
And friends, I want to tell you,
at that time in my life,
I thought I had it all.
But I had nothing.
I had nothing.
You know why?
Because I didn't have that man Bob.
What's his name?
Bob!
Bob!
Once I got together with Bob,
it was a whole other story, children.
That's right.
My life changed forever.
I knew what the slack
had been given to me.
So I turned my life over to Bob.
Bob, Bob, would you?
Yeah, I spent a little time
with Negi along the way.
There's no doubt about that.
But it was Bob.
Bob.
Oh, Bob.
Oh, yeah.
That's right.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Oh, my God!

Oh, look over there.

Maybe we should talk to him.
Maybe not in a bar,
maybe not just in a club.
So, no.

Why blue لителヤpine



But I mean,
if you look at me,
I want to catch aア
I'll just have a car
Them boys look like .
This is not a drill next time around.
This is the real thing.
And we're going to have it big.
And we're going to have it scary.
And we're going to have it Bob's way.
Yeah!
Sorry, I'm getting ahead of myself.
You're getting ahead of right here.
Yes, we are.
We're doing the same time.
Sorry, I'm getting ahead of myself.
Allow me to introduce myself.
I am the Yeti Harmies, fuckers.
I wear 36 inch heels, and I paint my nails
with the blood of the fucking lamb.
I gave Tula her first beauty lesson,
and I showed Wendy Carlos how to play my horn.
I put the moan in the hormone.
Bitch, don't dare fuck with me.
P-Dawg and I took turns on top, and I
made him slurp up the mess.
For I am the sex goddess bitch.
Bitch, stud from the 10th bar, though.
Just try to keep up with me.
My meat sword is its own.
She scabbard real close to home, baby.
I'm man enough to be God.
And you know that she is a cunt.
I fart with charm, motherfuckers.
I burn my bra and the damn breast forms with it.
My knockers knock loudly.
And I got a little bit of a problem.

I'm a throbbing member that dismembers.
Wotan turned into a prairie squid to rape me.
His mistake.
I wear lead lined lingerie under my see-through kimono.
I sang Cthulhu from the Mariana Trench using my fishnets,
and I didn't take them off first.
My sex chromosome is XXX.
Woo!
I threw in a bitch.
I'm a couple of Y's for variety.
I get PMS for laughs.
It feels good getting that bitchy.
It makes my balls itch.
I scoop some magma from my clit hood,
and I feed it to the archangels.
They can't make a jock strap big enough, strong enough,
or pretty enough for my holy scepter.
You best believe it, baby.
Woo-hoo!
I took the infrared woman of the subgenius to bed, and made her.






I don't use electrolysis to remove my facial hair.
I use kerosene and a matchstick.
Woo!
I had a threesome with the Dobbses.
Connie took care of the upper half, and Bob Hoover the lower half.
Hey, you can't get feedback.
Nicky is my gaff.
He tucks in my balls with tender loving care.
I just needed that.
I'm a man.

Talk shows my ass.
I'm fucking syndicated.
Woo!
Woo!
I'm crazier than Dr. Frankenfurter,
and I'm funnier than Pat Riley, and I taste better than both of them,
even with mustard.
Woo!
I'm a lewd spectacle of wanton depravity.
I am a vision of macho femininity.
Unics get hard over me.
Woo!
They mistook me for a man.

virgin in Guadalupe and I will man up on them for my neither bits. Drag queens
pray to me. They beg me not to kill them. The feminists ban me for being too
ladylike and the men's movement is afraid I'll make them all look like
wimps. I tear plants asunder without chipping a nail. Who stained their skin
with my lipstick? Who put a leash on this hee bitch? I dare you to figure me out.
My genitals are modular. They snap out with a snap. Hot damn I am the yin-yang
made flesh and knocking at your door baby. I say fuck hormone pills. I drink
raw piss straight from pregnant mares for my estrogen.
And I spit
the dross in the devil's eye. I am the reason why Jesus has long hair and wears
robes and I cheer in his head to make my panties.
I entered Milton Berle in a wet t-shirt contest and walked away with the prizemoney.
I did burlesque with guar. We stripped past the skin sugar.
I stuffed tomatoes and
pregnancy with sugar.
pass my labia and churn salsa out of my pissos. When they ask me what's my sex, I scream in their
crusty faces, I am all sex asshole. I am the enviable dykes, the dick that sucks my thighs as I
God unto itself. When I masturbate, people mistake me for Kali and Shiva bumpin' ugly. My soprano
pierces the ears of dogs and my bathos shake skyscrapers in San Francisco. I get my perfume from the
musk lands of a wolverine while it's alive and clawin'. I told P.T. Barnum I'd never be in his freak show
and he gave me a cool million out of relief. Treat me like a lady or just fuckin' kill me, pink boy.
I'll be dancing with Nunu light years from the earth.
Whenever the conspiracy gets its genderfuck, they'll never even touch the hem of my skirt.
Now move from that mirror before I rant again.
Alright!
The spirit of Dobbs compels you! The spirit of Dobbs compels you! The spirit of Dobbs compels you!
The spirit of Dobbs compels you! They were trying to burn High Weirdness by Mail, that old outdated book
around the X-Day Drill bonfire. Friends, that was, um,
what we just heard was, uh, Popeth, uh, Popes Lilith von Fraumench, kind of a hard name to pronounce,
Popes Lilith von Fraumench of, uh, Seattle, now of Seattle, used to be of Dallas, um, used to, well,
and, uh, with the brag of the cross-dressing subgenius of my, I'll put that out on the internet radio uncensored
with all the foul words in there, uh, the naughty words.
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
What?
Well, there's someone who's burning a watch there, I believe.
Destroy time, Pope Fred says.
It's cathartic. It's cathartic to burn the things of the conspiracy and its cathartic
to spit on a living Jesus who's being crucified. Uh, it's especially cathartic if you, if,
if you know him personally, and, uh, know him personally, like, you know, the, the,


and work with him closely. He was a real good sport, the Lord was, about being crucified at
the X Day Drill. He was one of the, he was really the, one of the main organizers. You might say
the main organizer and the main emcee, the Lord was, but yet they mocked him and spit upon him.
Let's see if there's some recordings over on the other side of this of that.
Yeah, Jesus has just been brought up, nailed up on the cross, and the crowd is singing to him.
It's sad and yet inspiring.
They were singing the songs from Jesus Christ Superstar.
Yeah,
Yeah,
Son of God.
Yeah.
Anybody know any good Jesus jokes?
There's got to be one or two of them.
Look at that one right there.
Yeah.
He was joking on the cross.
All right, here we go.
They put me up for the night.
There's a Jesus joke over there.
What's this?
What did Jesus say when he took the nails out of his hand?
All right, a prostitute is about to be stoned in Town Square.
Oh, wow.
I could use a kickball.
Let he, let you who is without sin cast the first stone.
A woman throws a rock at the whore, and Jesus says, damn it, Mom.
Oh, God.
Jesus is up there calling for Jesus jokes.
Blood, blood was running out of his hands and his feet.
It was real blood, too.
I mean, this guy was...
Anytime.
It was fun, Jesus.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Good for you.
You thought I was going to have another stuffed bob up there, didn't you?
I was hoping so.
No, Jesus, it's a good thing you won that wrestling match today.
Oh, my God.
Kiss me, Frank.
At least you won't go out a loser.
You're the carpenter.
You're the guy waiting to get in on it.
Don't you have a claw hammer?
You're an idol fan.
I thought it was Karen Carpenter that had anorexia.
That's all muscle, man.
I'm a love machine.
I'm a love machine.













How many nine inches you got in those nails right there?
And videotaped him.
Well, when does that band start playing?
This is getting old, man. How long does it take to die?
I don't know. I'm just saying.
Sure. Okay, it's okay.
And, friends, we continue with the crucifixion of the Lord Jesus Christ at the Ex Day Drill.
Not you too, Matt.
In 1997.
Oh, yeah, rub it into the bloody wound.
I don't know him. I never knew him. No.
No?
No, I deny him. I did not know this man, no.
I never put out a quarter.
Me neither.
No, no. We never.
The tarn feathers are coming next.
Other than that, Mrs. Mary, how did you enjoy the passion play?
Again, I say, forgive them, Bob.
They know not what they do.
Oh, I'm afraid they know exactly what they do, Lord.
And now the end is near.
And so I face the final curtain.
And so I face the final curtain.
Oh, oh, oh.
Hey, hey, hey.
Jesus ringtone.
Jesus ringtone.
If you love the 25-cent pies to throw at Jesus,
you'll love the buck for an empty beer bottle to throw at him.
Yeah!
Now, just remember, Jesus got nailed.
This is a good thing.
But choose your words carefully because there is another side to this cross.
There's always room for one more.

This is really sickening.
I mean, what are we doing?
What have you done?
What are we doing, Jeremy?
Oh, that's right.
I forgot.
Who's going to be the one putting all this on the website?
Your mother can see you now.
This is what Rome was like in the last days.
Hey, there's another pie.
Friends, you have to wonder what we're doing.
Yes, it was her idea, Lord.
If the Baptists are right, we're in big trouble.
We're in real, real deep, deep trouble.
Oh, Bob.
Into your head.
Into your pipe to be smoked.
What about your slack?
Can I keep your money?
Oh, no.
We played too rough with our Jesus.
I think it's dead.
We need a new Jesus.
We broke it.
It's broken.
Can we have another one?
Bring out the second Jesus.
We broke our Jesus.
Can we have another Jesus?
Ever since I was a little kid.
I hope he doesn't get blood on my hibachi.
How does it feel, then?
Good God, man.
He's really fucking dead.
What did you put in there?
Like you.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
This has gone too far, man.
Wait a minute.
That's the way he was dead.
Come with us.
We'll explain it to you.
Come with us.
Hey, this isn't a joke.
Take him away from me.
I'm not going to let you go.


Look at that.
Bob, I want to know what the deal is with this thing.
Huh?
Hey.
Hey, wait a minute.
What do you mean?
Bob.
Bob.
I'm telling you.
Listen.
Hey.
Hey, call somebody.
Help.
Help.
Help.
Help.
Help.
Help.
Help.


Help.
Help.
Help.
Help.
Help.
Help.
Help.
Help.










Somebody help him.
Hey.

Help.








Now I can't believe it if any of these guys leaves this city.
They remain to be the best.

Nobody for us.
They're tearing down the fences.
We've had three births, two abortions, five murders.
It's a city.
Dr. LeGum.
I just wanted to tell you all a little tale.
I was down a couple of months ago in Atlanta doing the Atlanta revival back in May.
And as I was coming back on the airplane, I was sitting next to this guy, and he had a wedding ring on.
But he didn't have it on his ring finger.
He had it on the other hand on the middle finger.
And I was like, well, that's pretty fucking weird.
Because he seemed like a respectable enough guy, not one to make any weird, outrageous, non-pink fashion statements.
Nice business suit.
I'm sitting there staring at that ring, and I'm wondering, what in the hell is this guy wearing this ring for?
And it shouldn't bug me, but I'm sitting on this goddamn runway, and the plane's not going anywhere.
And there's not too much to think about except for the seat in front.
And when the hell are you going to take off?
And this guy's ring, it just kept bugging me.
It just kept bugging me.
And after the plane took off, we're flying along.
It's like a four-hour flight, and I'm sitting there, and I'm still wondering, what the hell is up with this ring?
And finally I said to him, I said, man, I've been sitting here.
I don't usually do this, but I've got to ask you a personal question with that.
He said, well, go ahead.
And I said to him, why are you wearing your wedding ring on the wrong finger?
And he said to me, well, it's because I married the wrong woman.
And I thought, you know, I know a lot of people like that who married the wrong woman.
And if you think about it, it kind of applies to religion.
There are a lot of folks out there who just married the wrong woman.
They married Jesus.
And let me tell you, Jesus could be a real bitch.
He never stops bleeding.
He's always suffering.
He's always talking about, you know, what's going on.


You know, how much he gave up for everybody, you know.
But let me tell you, I don't see too many wedding rings in the audience,
but I know that a lot of you have made a good choice.
You've married the right woman.
You've married J.R. Bob Dobbs.
J.R. Bob Dobbs is that woman.
Oh, yeah.
So you all married the right woman.
You know.
Religion is kind of like that.
But in a lot of ways, it's like getting a blowjob in a dark room.
Because you don't know whether you should enjoy it or not.
Because you can fantasize that it's that, you know, beautiful woman that you saw in the magazine, you know,
and who you can fantasize is doing it.
You can fantasize that it's JonBenet.
But you really don't know whether or not it's being done by some 5,000-year-old,
800-pound, string-warded, toothless god from some forgotten civilization.
Or even worse, you know, a lot of people sit in the dark enjoying it, thinking that it's Jesus.
Oh, yeah.
Look how much slack Jesus is bringing me.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, until he bites it off, until they find out that this Jesus needed a de-beaking tool like a damn squid.
But brothers and sisters,
tonight, when you feel that warm mouth and close your genitals, you can rest assured that it's J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Oh!
Oh!
Sick needles in my belly, tick samples of my skin.
I don't care so long as I can live with Saucerman.
I don't care if you're some kind of fiend without a face.
So come on down, you Saucerman, and take me off to space.
So take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Come on down, you Saucerman.
And take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Come on down, you Saucerman.
And take me off to space.
Cattle mutilators, let me join your crew.
Give me a knife, you bet your life I'll cut up cows for you.
Woo!
I know that you don't take requests, but I'm a special case.
So come on down, you Saucerman.
And take me off to space.
Oh, take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Come on down, you Saucerman.
And take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Come on down, you Saucerman.
And take me off to space.
Come on, you robots with your little nipper claws.
Pale and bug-eyed aliens with wide and clammy paws.
Life is just a sucker's dream and death is a disgrace.
So come on down, you Saucerman.
Take me off to space.
Oh, take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Yeah!
Come on down, you Saucerman.
And take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Come on down, you Saucerman.
And take me off to space.
No!
Please.
Before I talk about something very special and dear to my heart,
I'm going to talk about something else very special and dear to my heart.
Bah!
Because she has the biggest heart of all the subgeniuses.
Well, biggest something.
Biggest hair, maybe.
Biggest, well, never mind.
Ladies and gentlemen, Susie the Floozy.
Woo!
Oh, howdy-do, Seekers.
Yes, I'm Reverend Susie the Floozy, the hardest-looking woman in show business tonight.
And I'm here to ensnare you with my TNA.
And then kill you with my DNA.
Woo!
And I'd just like to say a few words about this sweet little church of ours.
Well, it still is our church.
Because in just a few short months, everybody's going to be clamoring to join up before it's too late.
There's going to be a sign and lights over the Subgenius Foundation headquarters saying,
Over one billion swerved.
And the numbers will be climbing faster than Stephen Hawking.
And count.
Oh, but of course, not all of these Bobby-come-latelys are going to make it on board the pleasure saucers.
Well, their souls will, encased in capsules for our leisurely consumption.
Ah, yes, we are the lucky ones here.
Oh, for we stand the best chance of getting really set up and styled, dear friends.
In fact, right now, we're downright smug about it, aren't we?
Maybe a little bit too complacent?
Think about this, though.
What if X Day doesn't happen?
No!
No!
Impossible!
Have you considered what your life would be like without the Church of the Subgenius?
No!
No!
What would your sex life be like without the Church of the Subgenius?
No!
No!
What if you existed in a world where it wasn't alright to exist with two genes short of a double helix?
No!
What if you never heard the gut-blowing divine word of J.R. Bob Dobbs and his timeless message of slack?
No!
No!
No!
What if X Day never happens and there is no end to this blighted, pathetic existence on cat-box earth?
No!
What if there is no Bob?
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!

No!

No!
No!

No!

No!
No!
No!


No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!





No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
and there will be an X day.
And you do have a sex life.
Well, two out of three ain't bad.
But enough about you.
I know the way to go.
And if you're so inclined,
you can hang draft on me when we're bugging out of this bird.
Because thanks to Bob,
I'm laughing all the way to the sperm bank.
Oh, and life is nothing but an outre body experience.
Because with Bob, you'll believe a con man can fly.
Because next day, next X day,
you'll be piloting the mother saucer like Chuck Yeager,
swooping down to scoop us up
and deliver us from the tormenting agonies
of being alive on cat box earth.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
And until then,
the road to slack is smoothed by the oil slick
of the divine load of Bob.
And if you don't believe me, seekers,
take my advice and walk a mile in my shit.
And you'll see.
You'll see then why Connie crossed the tracks
to get to the wrong side.
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Oh!
Praise Bob!
Bless her!
The cal' little T.
here.
She delivered some prep traveling.
You're unfazed.
Thank God days are the same again!
Loved life.
preacher bill you could back me up with some cool samples it might make it might
make it kind of exciting okay DK is gonna be up next okay all right I'm not
a preacher I'm not gonna preach to you and I'm not gonna get anything but I'm
gonna talk about something I know about very close and dear to my heart money
there are some people who believe that the church the subgenius is run out of a
skyscraper and then there's other people who believe that it's a couple
loan nuts in a motorhome somewhere the truth is it's neither it's somewhere in
between we live we eat three meals a day I have an apartment an 84 GMC we have a
truck that broke down three times on the way here but we live that is all we do
we work for the church the reason that we're poor is because we're fighting the
conspiracy the conspiracy is

set up to screw us the conspiracy is set up to screw you everything you do try
and do and think is governed by the conspiracy I also find that the hardest
thing for people to do subgenius is is send us money and I understand that
because you send money you feel like an idiot you put three bucks in an envelope
don't ask for anything throw and change already yeah you do feel stupid I can
understand that but if each person here by the way we got 150 people doubled
last year's total if each of you put a dollar in an envelope each week tied one
dollar that'd be 150 dollars a week that is a lot to us it takes to put out
everyone's everybody
I'll give a bit another five I didn't expect you guys to get money like I'm saying but I'm getting
paid that's beautiful it's beautiful the uh wow the point of the story is that
the point of story is everyone asks where's my stark fist where's my stark fist it takes two
thousand dollars to put out a 16 page measly star fits two thousand dollars and again Jesus
this is great I gotta rant more often
the more I love the story is don't feel like an idiot to give a dollar a week some people there's
only one person one person who gives us two dollars each week Nikki can attest to this
Steve Pollock it's his name not Pollock Pollack two dollars every week here is my two dollar
donation beautiful there's only one way that we can beat the
conspiracy the conspiracy wants to hold you back the conspiracy wants to hold us back we're doing
we're doing we're doing what we love what we want to do and the only way I see it be the conspiracy
is to see me wearing Armani suits and to see Reverend staying try to do the
drill in the limbo with a with a pipe smoking midget at the door
yeah
yeah
yeah
yeah
yeah
we have proven that we can beat the conspiracy that we don't need to play by their rules to win
the game I guess it did turn into a rant didn't it I'm sorry I got carried away thank you thank you
and uh praise the Lord dear friends uh now it's time to recap where are we on the x-day drill I
wanted to do uh three shows devoted to the the drill and what if we not covered
not yet covered the Last Supper
our P-Kitties rant or there's a lot more Bill Miller stuff to go there's so
much group Reverend groovy G's uh uh subgenius Confederacy rant and not to mention the uh all
nude baptism and the uh and the the hot oil wrestling matches it's endless I suppose it's
trying to grab you some best ofs.
But you know what we haven't touched on yet is the final day, Sunday.
In 1998, X Day, July 5th, will fall on a Sunday.
And that's why at the drills we always do the 7 a.m. ritual on Sunday.
And it was a good one, a good one this time.
I want to start bringing you bits and pieces of it, I guess, tonight.
And we'll continue with the rest of it later.
For the time being, friends, for those of you who've heard this show for the very first time,
this is the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack, the voice of the Church of the Subgenius.
Well, one of a hell of a lot of voices, actually.
But I'm the lucky guy that it all comes in.
I have to deal with it.
Yes, well, anyway, for free information on the word of Bob,
please send a self-addressed stamped envelope to
GotThatPencilReadyBob at Post Office Box
GotThatPencilReady?
Post Off...
GotThatPencilReady?
Post Office Box 140306
That's Box 140306
End of...
Texts...
75214
Or you can email
Slack at
Subgenius.com
Or check out our worldwide website at
www.Subgenius.com
And there you can find the toll-free phone numbers and so forth.
It's true.
Strange, but true.
Anyway, friends, let's...
Let's delve deep down back into 7 o'clock in the morning, Sunday,
about two weeks ago, July 5th,
our preparation for the last moments of life on Earth.
Thank you.
Oh, don't forget tomorrow, 7 a.m.
Yes.
Is the morning service.
And this is why we have the extra...
I've told you time and time again, 12 people made it last time.
We hope enough people learn from that time how to act tonight in order to get up on 7 a.m.
That's why we have the drills.
So the amateurs learn to be professionals.
We meet here for Reverend Ivanstang to give 7 o'clock early mass.
Five hours and 45 minutes.
In five hours and 45 minutes.
All I can do...
Hey!
Five hours and 45 minutes.
Good.
30 seconds to fake X-Day.
When we hit the exact zero mark,
that's when you stick the warhead in your mouth
and trust us that we didn't inject some sort of little extra candy into it.
It is time to...
It was, after all.
It's like a little vacuum seal wrapping.
It is time to de-seal the pill.
It is time to break the vacuum seal.
It's been ruptured.
All right.
Five.
Break the seal.
Four.
Three.
Two.
One.
Blank the seal in your mouth.
X-Day!
X-Day!
52 seconds.
52 seconds and the sour translation will go meanwhile.
One more time.
Just to let him know we're still here.
X-Day.
X-Day.

X-Day.
X-Day.
X-Day.













It is good for Max.
It's time, children.
Come on, children.
Line up.
Take the Kool-Aid.
Please, please, in orderly fashion.
Leave your container at the door.
Place the veil over your head.
Please, please, in orderly fashion.
Okay.
Don't break the line down.
Don't break the line down.
We're going home.
Perfect Kool-Aid.
Have your drink.
Go and lie down.
Place the Kool-Aid.
Put your camera.
Wow.
Engineer's office.
Consume the Kool-Aid.
Is that a Kool-Aid?
Do not be alarmed by the bitter sweet aftertaste.
For maximum effect, place the Kool-Aid underneath your tongue.
Drink your Kool-Aid and lie down.
What did he do?
It was strawberry.
Do not be alarmed if you feel the sudden urge to go into convulsions.
This is only the high density of sugar content.
And remember, whenever they say, it's not about the money.
It's about the money.
Speaking of Jesus.
The story of reality.
Speaking of Jesus, in the greatest tradition of Jesus, he is once again a no-show.
Isn't that just like a movie?
But he will be back.
Have faith.
He will be back.
And then everything will be okay.
You know, there's something about giving this money at the very last minute that just kind of bothers me.
I mean, when you know the money's not going to be worth anything, to give it up then is not a sacrifice.
You've got one year left to give that money up.
And you better not wait until the very last day.
I mean, come on.
We want to see some of that money come forward.

Before July 5, 1998.
Well, now we can tell these people to do all kinds of things.
We can say, well, obey us and question authority.
We can say, give Bob tons and tons of money.
We can say, kill a human being every day.
Or spray paint Bob heads every day.
Everybody give Bob on TV.
But to tell them the honest truth.
I mean, really, why dress it up?
Are not the exes going to do all of this?
Why do you have to do all of that for us in 365 days?
The only thing you have to do is stay alive for another 365 days.
That's the only thing that you really have to do.
Thinking and handling.
Sometimes I want to kill them or me.
But by God, I've only got to sweat through 365 more of them.
And that's it.
Then it's up to them.
They'll take care of killing the pig.
Everybody change of plans.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, dear friends, I should cut in and explain that I was sitting there saying that nice, well-meant statement
when Dr. Leigh Hume walked up to me and said, change of plans.
Pointed a gun at my stomach and fired it off.
And I guess it was blank.
I fell down, though, because that's what you do when somebody points a gun at you and fires.
So I fell down and it went on from there.
Fear not, children.
That's just more room on the sausage.
I always want to take a hand.
Anybody else who wants to have a shot at the Reverend, that's only $5.
$5.
$5.
Thank you, Christ.
You're a pimp.
A pimp for Bob.
A quack in the blanket.
We need more of this, brothers and children of the faith.
We need more queers for Bob.
Yeah.
Hey, wait a minute.
I'm sick and tired of all these people saying, he ain't alive.
I'm not queer.
That broke the news for Bob.
When Bob tells you to bend over, your response should be how much.
Not when, not where, just say how much.
When he says grab that rail, you say, yes, sir, I will.
There should be no hesitation in your voice.
This is more than about sex.
This is about eternal love for your God.
Would you not be willing to take it in the ass for Bob?
Brothers and sisters, I want to hear an amen.
Amen.
Amen.
Amen.

Not only are you going to take it where Bob wants to put it, but you're going to enjoy
it.
Whether you like it or not.
Amen.
Don't remind us.
Amen.
Amen.
And if Bob wants to do it repeatedly, you just make sure that you do it.

You look like you're enjoying it when you do it on.
It repays each time.
If he wants to use a little grease, that's fine.
If he doesn't want to use grease, hey, you do the spitting.
Well, I think maybe we can resurrect Reverend Stang and try real hard.
Everybody got a big car trunk?
It's a miracle.
It's a miracle.
It's a miracle.
It's a miracle.
It's a miracle.
It's a miracle.
It's a miracle.







He was really dead.
He always falls asleep when the gun shops start flying.
And the gentleman told me he always spitts.
I hope I reacted fast enough he didn't tell me anything about that little stun ahead of
time.
No, surprises.
I suppose there might be some surprises.
Surprises?
indeed, dear friends.
I think coconut and a splendid roller.
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
