Is everything working?
Regis, can you...
Regis, is that mix working right?
Jimmy, are you set up?
Jimmy, is everything groovy over there?
He seems to have everything running fine.
You don't hear no sounds as you hear the dance.
We are here.
Papa Joe Mama.
Papa Joe Mama is here.
Lonesome Cowboy Dave is here.
Sister Velveteen Sly is here.
Well, I guess we're all here together.
Reverend Bleepo Abernathy is here.
Soon the sky will break open and there will be rain pouring down on everybody.
It'll be just like Doc's time.
Yeah, we can bring all the mics up.
Oh, let's get this...
And we can bring all the listeners down.
Drop Jimmy out.
And just to make sure...
Okay, here comes a tape.
Dear friends, we're engineering this show from live here at Starwood Festival in Lumley,
Sherwood, New York, and the Brushwood Folklore Center.
Oh, and Jesus just arrived.
Jesus just left Chicago and he's right here with the paper cups, friends.
We're going to start.
This hour of Slack Radio Ministry with a communion.
Yes, and Jesus will let you drink of his blood from this jug of boost.
Naturally good boost.
This is what you might call syrup of jolt cola.
It is pure caffeine and sugar.
Yay, Lord.
Jesus moves among the multitude, handing out the...
You are now listening to...
The Self-Genius Hour of Slack.
And remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Yes, dear friends.
Well, you'll have to bear with us as we slowly find our way into the proper volume levels.
Twist that knob, boy.
But in the meantime...
It's only that little chromium switch.
It's lactobacillus now, you same old fellow.
It's a wet wrap seller.
It will
break your arm, you baron.
There you go, that sounds perfect.



Yeah.
It's hot.
Oh, yeah.

Today is great.
real, really, really groovy right now.
Well, friends, welcome.
I am the old Frop Keeper, boys and girls,
and getting ready to burn, baby, burn,
because we're going to burn on, goon in, and Frop out.
Yes, you Frop outs.
We're back from Starwood, that crazed and corny,
proud and pendulous techno-paganoid festival
sponsored by Cleveland's ACE.
That's the Association for Consciousness Exploration.
You know what I mean, get it?
And why Starwood was attended this year
by such subgenius de-luminaries as Papa Joe Mama,
Sister Velveteen Sly, Reverend Bleepo Abernathy,
and Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
So, Frop, whatcha...
Whatcha doing, kids?
And let's join together in hate
for this live recording of the Hour of Slack at Starwood.
And, hey, it's too bad you can't see the pendulosities
of the many witches and druidesses in the audience.
Uh, yes.
Hey, what's up?
Hey, I got some...
Hey.
Yeah, okay, then.
Hey.
Hey, man.
Yeah, thanks for the...
Oh, I should...
Mention a couple of things here.
As I switch voices,
the CDs are finally in.
Yes, friends, we've talked about the CD
of the subgenius de-vival at Madison, Wisconsin,
with Dr. Legume,
yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang,
and Sister Velveteen Sly.
That CD is finally in.
And also, we have the imported Berlin, Germany,
subgenius CDs
called Time Control
by that fine band,
the Klingons.
And we may play some Klingon later.
And for more information, dear friends,
always feel free to just frop us a line.
Oh, but before I go any deeper into that live de-vival,
I want to play this little tape
that I attempted to play there
while we were still getting set up.
A bit from this tape is sent by the good dad Townsend,
in New York.
This particular piece,
the Pledge of the Subgenius.
Oh, thank you.
Oh, did I say New York?
I meant Portland, Maine, dear friends.
Dad Townsend from Portland, Maine,
and his friends.
I will promote divisions and wars
among non-subgenius.
I will work to cast out the false prophets.
I will to erase the conforming
instant.
I will work for time control in my own life.
To become an Oprah woman,
for my own sake.
To preserve this planet from destruction
except for the proper reasons.
To unmask the conspiracy
and install a strict anarchy
or a formal chaos.
To placate the stark fist of removal.
To stem subgenius endurance
by indulging in excesses of every kind.
To prevent human beings from being able to live.
To prevent humanity from ever acting with a common will.
To put the radiance of evolution.
To welcome and exploit the angelic host from friend X.
And to meet the needs of subgeniuses everywhere
whenever it profits myself.
I pledge that I will not actually work at any of the above.
I pledge moreover that I will never voluntarily
about any shortness of slack into my home,
temple,
fame,
cathedral,
chapel,
shrine,
priory,
abbey,
friary,
convent,
monastery,
or place of business.
Business of place or monastery,
convent,
friary,
abbey,
priory,
shrine,
chapel,
cathedral,
fame,
temple,
home,
mind,
into slack of shortness any allowed.
Voluntary never to belie that one day





moreover pledge I above the of any at work actually not
will I that pledge I myself profited whenever every verse
The subgenius national anthem.
Ah yes dear friends, well welcome to church.
this lovely Saturday morning.
Oh.
Oh, what a lovely, so good to hear him praise Bob
at 11 o'clock in the morning out in the woods here.
What a friend we have in Bob
and in Dr. Bleakville Abernathy here,
one of the oldest,
one of the oldest radio doctors,
his is the voice that introduces the hours like every week.
And over here, Father Joe Mama,
the most straight-looking yet hate-filled
of all the subgenius creatures.
And then, sitting on the far end all by himself,
lonesome cowboy Dave.
Ah.
Also,
did not.
I'm sorry.
Einstein's secret orchestra on WCSB Cleveland.
Ah, yes.
And a big one for WCSB Cleveland.
Yeah.
We have so many lovely tapes here that we could play.
We can't think of anything else to do.
But you know, with that Billy Vaughn,
Christian musical background,
Dave can always play along.
I'm good with them gospel songs, really.
Yeah.
He can finger-sync real good.
So, so friends,
we have absolutely no idea where this show is going.
And you know, you know,
that's what gives us exactly the kind of slap we were looking for.
Very sweet slap.
Involuntary slap.
Oh, let's have a big hand for Jesus here.
He's almost, it looks like almost,
almost,
almost everyone has been sucker enough to drink of his blood.
His caffeinated blood.
This is an ancient trick of Jesus,
the concentrated food routine.
2000 years ago,
he did it with bread and people said,
how did he feed the crowds with just one loaf of bread?
Well, he had concentrated bread.
And this is concentrated boost.
So one bottle will entirely quench the thirst of this teaming crowd.
It's a miracle.
It's a miracle.
Thanks.
And if anybody has any frock,
he can do the same thing with that.
Praise the Lord.
Praise the Lord.
So bring us your frock after the show.
Please.
Yeah.
Now we're not talking about just a conspiracy street drugs.
That's not a code for some sort of pathetic pills or whatnot.
We're talking about the true dobs full.
Have a frock.
Zip your laps.
Mara phase of loop,
play Lupina.
That's the scientific name of this wondrous plant that grows only in Tibet on the gray,
and droppings of dead Tibetan,
holy man and yetis.
And that's what Bob smokes in his pipe.
And what we all wish we could afford to smoke in our pipes.
99.9% of all drugs are conspiracy manufactured drugs solely for the purpose.
So people don't have a chance to know the real fraud.
Well, it's simply a weight.
They test.
And I tried that.
It was no good.
I know.
Well, it wasn't fraud,
but it was the same thing.
I, you know,
it turns you off and you never even have a chance to try it until you try the frock.
You.
Haven't tried drugs.

Exactly.
And they're not really drugs.
You can't even call it drugs because it's beyond drugs.
And if you were to go beyond beyond with that drug,
you just start singing like you get political yourself,
like with a cheeseburger in the backseat.
So we're saying stop abusing that substance abuse now,
baby.
I'll say it'll stop abusing that substance abuser now,
baby.
Especially if it was habits,
absences,
haps,
a frock.
It's a frock.
It's a frock.
I'll take mine on the side.
Dave, did you take your pills this morning?
I took all of them.
I was supposed to take five per day and I thought if I take them all at one time,
then I wouldn't have to worry later.
Okay.
The sad,
the sad thing about conspiracy drugs is how well they work for the normals and how,
you know,
poorly they work for the true subgeniuses because for the normals,
they basically keep the normals thinking and feeling,
you know,
forgetting how bad it really is.
But like,
you know,
the whole idea.
Yeah.
Sure does a trick for me.
Yeah.
Forgetfulness,
friends.
You know,
we,
most,
most of us don't get to work nine to five for J.R.
Bob Dobbs and,
and,
and we didn't said we have these conspiracy street jobs,
which probably mess you up worse than conspiracy street drugs.
And,
and,
and,
and friends,
Bob Dobbs has come along as the antidote to that job,
that day job.
In fact,
every bit of money you make on that job,
Bob can lift that burden away from you.
He can free you from that,
which has enslaved you.
What's in your wallet.
That's,
that's handcuffs,
man.
That's,
that's just how they keep you tied down.
Bob is the key.
In fact,
how many of you people have wristwatches on?
How many want to smash their wristwatches right now?
I'm not going to this one.
Cause.
That wristwatch is a dog collar for most people.
That's right.
This,
this,
this thing is a dog collar.
From outer space,
your mind is controlled with that dog collar,
just like them dogs' minds is controlled.
It's like invisible fences.
You know,
you don't see them,
but they're there.
You try to cross that barrier,
you start feeling that shock.
It's past nine o'clock.
I should be at work.
Dog control,
dog control.
And Bob,
Bob is the power that enables you to hone your forgetfulness into a sharp,
keen edged sword to very zip that dog collar from your neck.
We destroy the brain cells that you use.
You don't need.
Exactly.
And we,
we store them.
Actually,
we don't destroy them.
We actually,
well,
what we actually take is not so much.
It's a cluster of brain cells that science knows as the soul.
And we extract this material.
It's,
it actually is this kind of,
it's a physical part of the body,
uh,
not located in the brain actually,
or even in the spinal cord,
but at the bottom of the foot.
Ironically enough,
it sounds like a bad pun,
but that is where the soul,
uh,







the spiritual soul as well as the physical soul,
which are spelled differently,
both reside.
And the,
the,
uh,
and those are what we're collecting friends.
That's what we,
speaking of which we shouldn't be passing the hat or the plate.
I mean,
here we go.
We got it.
We got a radio station full of people.
We might at least do what any proper religion would be doing and suck their money up.
Yeah.
Except we,
we,
we're going to admit that we're going to use it for ourselves.
So where's Jesus?
Oh,
Jesus.







Jesus is good for collecting the money and baptizing.
Oh,
you should have been here two weeks ago at the X day drill.
Uh,
subgenius event.
We had nude baptisms in the pool up there.
And,
uh,
I'll break the water.
Most of those,
those subgeniuses had never been to this place.
Never seen anything like that.
They got their 25 bucks worth.
Uh,
and let's talk about where some of that money is going to go now.
I mean,














I mean,

unlike most churches,
we don't skim that 40% off the government gives and give it back to ourselves.
We give that 40% to the government.
We are the first industrial church.
We pay our taxes.
Then of course there's the home for slackless children.
It's very important.
It's a very important word.
He calls us home for slack with his children.
All Dobbs towns is very important.
They need children,
our future any,
I mean,
especially when they can be worked to death.
Sure.
I mean,
wait.
Sure.
You could give up your money to Dobbs and,
and,
and he knows that's what means the most to you.
But if you also want to throw in a few extras,
sure.
We'll take your kids.
You know,
all those milk cartons and those things you get in the mail that say,
have you seen me and this child is missing those children.
Some of them are,
it's a tragic case.
Some of them are missing,
but most of them friends are now in near earth orbit in Dobbs town three being trained to
work in airports for our children.
And I'm sure you've heard church.
Have you heard the bad news?
Have you heard the bad news?
What's the bad news?
Dobbs is dead again.
My God is dead.
Sorry about yours.
And if he comes back,
we'll kill him again.
Hey,
Rev,
you know that song about that?
It's,
I mean,
it's about what,














what religion has done to me.
Oh,
wait,

do a pulpit.
I'm praying.
Oops,
mate,
to a pulpit.
I'm praying for some pain.
I ain't got religion.
I got a damaged brain.
If I had a dollar for every licking that I took,
I buy the pulpit and write a dirty book.
Oh,
I'm praying for some pain.
Baby do a pulpit.
I am praying for.
Oh,
my God,
you're going to die.








Pain!
And Dave, we can provide that pain.
Offer available only in limited areas.
For every particle of slack, Bob brings you a tiny, equal-sized particle of pain.
That's how you know this is a realistic religion, friends.
But you know, pain can be a path to slack.
But it's just, you get off on the endorphins, man.
Go ahead, chop your hand off.
You'll see exactly what we mean.
Not recommended for children.
The bad times put the good times in perspective.
This felt great when I did that!
Right above the knuckle, too. You saved that ring.
Listen to that lovely music. This sort of goes with the way we specially selected some Starwood music.
Now, of course, you could have cut off below that ring, but you didn't want to feel real pain.
Somewhere over the rainbow, friends, is that pot of gold.
And we're gonna smoke it!
One of these days, as soon as we find that damn rainbow...
Where'd Jesus go?
Uh, yes.
Oh, thank you.
Um, now, I brought a tape here. It's real short.
But I thought that we might try playing it. Let's see.
Has anyone here ever heard L. Ron Hubbard sing?
Oh, I'd love to hear L. Ron Hubbard sing!
This is a tape of L. Ron Hubbard.
THE L. Ron Hubbard. Not just somebody who happens to be named L. Ron Hubbard.
And oddly enough, the name of the song is, uh, Thank You For Listening.
We may not listen to the whole thing.
Thank you for listening.
I write just for you.
But others hearing this may find.
Things they would argue.
I do not sing what I believe.
I only give them fact.
If they believe quite otherwise, it still will have impact.
Thank you for listening.
You know I don't really care what you think.
But if you are, then I'll defeat you.
Thank you enough to punish the elements that have northeast left of prison.
As much to the resentment that was Sudden Disc pew.
divides me and the radights入 submit the history.
with lies
that's their concern
not mine my friend
they're free to
fantasize
Elvis Ron Hubbard
we're in time here in Starwood
sacrificing babies
and chickens
that's right folks
get ready to rock it off
into another fun
cartoon show
strange gods
ah yes
rock it away
and for every baby
you sacrifice
you get $500
worth of free credit
in the subgenius church
make sure you don't
sacrifice live babies
or anyone under 18
thank you
and there's an extra
$250 bonus
for the cute little
toe-headed baby
on the left over there
and if you order now
you get this beautiful
upright channel
little vacuum cleaner
9x12 rug
so call today
that's
MU75900
MU75900
allow 6 to 8 weeks
delivery
thank you
offers are available
in sectors R or ever
speaking of action figures
Jesus
I didn't call you up here
to speak to the masses
I called you up here
to pass the hat
that's what Jesus
is usually best for
is not speaking
to the masses
but
bringing in the cash
bringing in the cash
bringing in the cash
for the
bringing in the cash
bringing in the cash
bringing in the cash
bringing in the cash
for the



for the
Thank you, all the Jesus bringing in the cash.
Thank you for listening to the subgenius.
The sales booth is now open.
The church is now accepting Visa, MasterCard, and American Express.
Thank you for buying from the subgenius hour of Slack,
a non-commercial radio show.
Starwood is an expensive concert.
Build up the fences.
Yeah, man.
Oh, you didn't see that movie, I guess.
Oh, Reverend Velveteen, you're a radio professional.
Did you have any testimonials you wanted to make?
We've got subgenius radio fiends all over the place here.
Look at that.
She's wearing a lovely GWAR subgenius T-shirt.
Velveteen is not walking.
The lady's GWAR T-shirt.
And the excellent Connie butt.
Connie.
No, there are many excellent Connie butts here.
Let's hear it.
Can I get a hail, Connie?
I don't want to hear anything.
Hail, Connie!
Too much Bob and not enough Connie.
That's the problem with this world today.
It's the patriarchal emphasis on men in the church.
It's very disturbing.
I mean, this is about Connie.
Bob is just a shield to Connie.
Connie is the Hillary Clinton of the church.
She's running the entire church.
People need to give her credit.
He has no more than Connie's pants.
She's a panty shield.
Well, hang on.
Bob does wear the panties in the Dobbs family.
But Connie puts them on and she takes them off.
When she feels like it.
And it's her choice of which panties.
Yeah, but she does.
Red ones, purple, black waves.
Oh, but the best is when she puts on the big red straps.
Straps.
And bends Bob over and gives him a taste of his own medicine.
Check out the, talk about the grand opening.
That's when he has to break out the punishment pipe.
We know what he smokes in that pipe.
Don't remind me of the punishment pipe.
Please.
I was bad, Father Joe.
Please.
I was weak.
I was weak, Sir Enius.
And now you're going to have to pay.
I've earned at least 40 demerits.
Do I get the punishment pipe now, please?
Please.
Sister Connie.
That's 40 minutes nexus, son.
Not until you sin some more, little boy.
The next bigger size of punishment pipe.
King size.
If you sin enough, friends, we will use the extra large size punishment pipe.
Oh, it didn't tell me about that part when I first registered.
But, I don't know, it's kind of mostly worth it, I guess.
No refunds.
There were a number of doctrinal points that Dobbs didn't bring up.
I think it's a good thing that we're not going to be talking about the original First Testament, the book of the subgenius,
because, well, we figured some people probably wouldn't want to send in their $30 and become ministers and join for life
if they knew the full repercussions of membership.
But once we reached a certain point, then Dobbs said to release Revelation X,
the third and final New Testament, or oldest New Testament, whatever, I forget what we call it.
The in-between Testament.
And that's the one where if you really...
If you really want to know what happens backstage at a subgenius radio show,
you just purchase that book at the sales table back there and read it before we're off,
and you'll know what to do when we get off.
And you will, too!
Get off good.
If you can get off your butt.
Some people think that Slack is sitting around watching TV and reading comic books,
which it may well be for many, many people.
However, the conspiracy would like...
I would like that to be Slack for everybody.
Miller Bear, your team just won the game.
Conspiracy Street Chicks, pardon the expression, but that's what they are if you see them on TV.
And sure, that may be Slack for some, but some of us derive our Slack from more esoteric things.
Like Dave here occasionally likes to not take his medication.
I never did not take my medication.
He's just built up an immunity to it, that's all.
Yeah, Father Joe Mama is a straight edge.
He likes to use razors on other people rather than pollute his bodily temple with foreign herbs of the field.
I can't wait for that bad. I need the throat cavity.
I just lick his pores for cheap thrill.
Some of us get special surgery.
I grew this lump on my forehead just so I could get it removed.
I can't wait, man. I'm going to be off in about an hour and a half.
And you know, when you remove a lump that size, it opens up new vistas.
Then you can truly see.
And more than that, one may truly whiff with the third nostril.
Oh, they laugh.
They laugh.
But trepanation was used by the ancient yetis, and we can arrange for that yet again.
I think Dr. Bleepo Abernathy can apply...
Even if you don't want to...

Any cuts or anything?
Dr. Bleepo has a special little ball-peen hammer, and he takes little hate crystals and puts them on your head,
and he hits in just the right phrenological points, acubating points on the top of your skull.
Archaeologists have been wondering for years what all that brain surgery of the Incas and the ancient yeti was about.
And if they had just come to us, we could have explained.
Moreover, there's been a certain amount of question about what the hate crystals are all about.
Is this just some sort of mythos?
Or is it a selling technique?
There is a rationale to the reason.
The hate crystals are, in fact, legitimate crystals that have had reverse polarity.
And a lot of people like the healing crystals because they heal.
But if you have an enemy, what are you going to give an enemy?
You're going to give him a hate crystal.
But you're going to tell him it's a healing crystal.
And you say, use that crystal every day.
Another useful thing for your enemies are the subgenius boxer shorts,
which we really do have lovely cotton boxer shorts in large and extra large.
And in the daytime, why, they look like just shorts with polka dots made of large Dobbs heads.
But at night, the radially glowing, the dark Dobbs heads, anti-Bob faces show up.
And those are highly radioactive.
Yeah, yeah.
And those of you who are planning to be parents someday,
wear those shorts.
And you'll never have normal children.
That's right.
I wish to God I'd have those shorts around before my kids were born.
Praise Jesus.
And if you've got an enemy, give those shorts to that enemy.
Let them have little subgenius.
You can see the evidence around here.
My children have been running around here, and they're definitely not normally conceived.
Other churches perform healings.
This church performs sickenings.
There's no amount of punishment that you can give your enemy worse than to give them subgenius.
Children.
Or give them an enema with subgenius hateful children.
Or hateful enema.
I forget.
That's at least an 18-year sentence.
Oh, the 18-year enema?
It was a 13-year long sentence.
We're not supposed to talk about that.
That's with the $35 subgenius membership.
I thought you were talking about it.
The 18-year enema, friends.
If you start it now by the year 2014, I think.
That's the whole body trepanation.
That's the full body trepanation.
That's the whole body trepanation.





It feels so good when they stop.
Exactly.
That's the whole point.
That's what's behind the whole philosophy of subgenius media.
It feels so good when they stop.
And the other whole thing behind subgenius media is that hold called the P.O. Box.
Write for free information from the at P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Once again, that's Bob.

Bob at Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Now, stay tuned for side two of show.
Yeah.
You think it's just a joke, don't you?
Oh, that funny cop guy.
He's kind of cute.
And they make fun of him.



those funny jokes about religion and so forth.
But we all know hell is just a joke too, isn't it?
Sure, there's not really a Christian hell
where you spend the first 18 years getting the subgenius out of a...
Oh, no!
Friends, hell is life right here on Earth
without J.R. Bob Dobbs in your life.
This is hell!
And when the demons try to tell you that...
Oh, you think you're listening to a satirical religious...
funny comedy show?
Don't listen to the demons when they try to tell you the plain truth.
It's right there in front of your face.
The flames of those people are dancing around like tonight.
Might as well be the flames of Satan.
Hell is down!
Hell is safe!
Praise Bob!
Praise Jesus!
You can kill us.
You can kill us now.
We wouldn't be afraid.
What we'd be afraid of is that man Bob.
Someone, maybe it's you,
will have to go and speak to Bob and give him those fateful words.
Look for the man with the pipe, the smiling man,
and tell him,
Clack-to-barata-nick-to.
Clack-to-barata-nick-to.
Save the world!
Clack-to-barata-nick-to.
N-n-n-n-n-n-nerny-perny.
N-n-n-n-n-n-n-no.
I'm sorry.
Nerny-perny.
No, don't say that!
Not that!
Whatever you do,
kids,
don't lift up...
Don't lift up that trap door and say,
Yog-sa-thoth,
three times.
Don't do it now.
That trap door's right over there behind the wood.
Don't lift it up and say,
Yog-sa-thoth,
three times.
Talk about old one-eye.
We should memorize that word,
just to make sure you don't say those words.
Yeah, and talk about old one-eye putting a lip tackle on you.
Jeez.
Ouch.
That's for you, Yog.
You Yog-ides.
And also don't walk out in front of moving cars
with poke sticks in your eye, please.
Thank you.
What are they going to say next?
Wouldn't you like to know?
Wouldn't you like to know?
Wouldn't I like to know?
But you know, what would...
Where would a subgenius radio show be without
Outer Limits background music?
I'm sure somebody recognizes that out there.
Probably having flashbacks from some horrible Outer Limits show you saw as a kid.
The flashbacks are extra.
The bummers are free.
Those of you with an excess of bummers may also cash those in,
because there'll be plenty of them later on tonight.
The Yog-ies.
Bummer flashbacks are more fun than you could possibly imagine.
I've been living in them for the last three and a half years.

I've been living in them for the last three and a half years.

Now it is time to narrate.
Jesus Christ is...
God saves, but Jesus deposits.
Jesus Christ is preparing to take the collection plate around through the audience.
Oh, okay.
Oh, let's see what's over there.
Reverend Stang is preparing to narrate what is on the collection plate.
...collecting the collection plate now in his collective hands, unconsciously collected.
The collective unconsciousness of Reverend Stang.
A subgenius collection plate has been...
Bleepo Abernathy is...
...has been used as a jelly container...
Bleepo Abernathy narrated while Stang narrated his narration.
However, what we don't see on screen one is the woman with a pie pan filled with cream stealthily approaching Reverend Stang.
...and a $500 bill!
Praise God!
Okay, the woman with the pie pan full of cream is creeping up on Reverend Stang...
...let's burn that bill.
...and attempts to throw it into his face.
Bleepo Abernathy is...
However, Reverend Stang ducks the pie.
You can try that on some other kind of preacher, young lady.
Subgenius preacher, he's...
I've seen that pie in the face trick. I saw that free-stewed joke.
It's a good thing you took your pie immunity pills this morning, Reverend Stang.
...just shaving some shaving cream.
That was a close shave.
She's gonna be anyway, folks.
And please, folks, use whipped cream, not shaving cream next time.
Next time, use...
...the cream.
Don't use whipped cream.
I have come again.
...and finds that it is very...
...it really doesn't taste very good.
...very foul tasting.
Although...
...I really hoped that it was lemon cream and I was gonna get a free treat, but instead I pulled...
Now the Reverend is really, truly ripped up to my slider. Ladies and gentlemen, give him a big hand.
...he's really been preaching today.
...I reached into my briefcase and pulled out a razor blade and started shaving.
...with a conspiracy. Here's your lemonade. Make lemons.
Let's all shave for Bob. I don't want to be the only one over here without that white stuff on my face.
Everybody's a shaver.
I'm not shaving for Bob.
Me next.
Oh, just find Bob and bend over.
I sat there at the stage for a while, thinking as I had many times before.
This cult wasn't just operating in South America or Europe. It was right here in the good old USA, in my country.
I had grown up here and never heard of the Church of the Subgenius until I worked for the ATF.
Does anybody have any...
Now it was all I heard about. Child abductions, mind control, drugs, armed shipments, revolutionary plots, the whole rotten mess.
It was all right here in my own backyard.
Most the world knows nothing about the Subgenius Church.
Sacrify the Prince Porter.
Those who think they do think it's some kind of joke or religious satire. Well, the only ones laughing is the subgeniuses themselves.
While the rest of society sleeps, the Church busily goes about laying the groundwork for their bloody takeover, the so-called X-Day, where every non-cult member is eliminated in a general massacre.
The only thing between me and the Subgenius and their sick goal was me and the ATF.
We'll return to I was a subgenius for the ATF after this brief message from Bleep.
Oh.
And we'll be all available after the ceremony for private subgenius shavings. Thank you.
Thank you very much.
You'll have to supply your own curtain.
By the way, you're all married now.
Some of you wish you were more married than some of you others. Some of you have already been so married that you're ensconced into one body.
I would like those of you who have, who are experiencing that right now, who are too old to be married, to be excommunicated.
Two separate parts have been married into one person. Please separate yourselves immediately because I have double vision and I can't draw.
It hurts.
We'll be forming the subgenius divorces at a later time.
Yeah, the marriages are free. The divorces do have a small surcharge.
Just like in real life.
Right on, brother.
Extremely overweight naked men will have to marry themselves also on one separate part of Sherman, New York, I think.
That's what the church of the subgenius is here for. Those lonely, overweight naked men.
I'm gonna be one real soon.
But you know what I love about this church? The way the members act as a shaving mirror for us.
The hierarchy.
Thank you. I do appreciate that.
Could you move just a little bit? Thank you.
Just look into their eyes.
Thank you.
Nothing there.
It's time to pass out.
That was your nose you just took off.
I wish I could have been there.
It's time to pass out.
Hello, hello.
Anybody else for shaving?
Shaving, anyone?
Hello. Is this on? Can you hear me?
I'm used to speaking to multitudes. This is a small crowd for me, actually.
I'm now going to pass out the free pamphlet, which is yours for a one dollar donation.
Which tells you all about the church.
So, just raise your hand.
You know what? I have to say this.
Frankly, I'm pissed.
When I came back, a lot of people are cashing in on my name.
There's usually bumper stickers, t-shirts, and I'm not seeing a penny of it.
Well, that's one of the many reasons I'm now with the church.
Because some of it can actually come back to me now.
Even the money itself says, in God we trust. And you don't get any of that.
That's sick. That's really wrong.
It is wrong. It's wrong.
Didn't you sign a contract for a percentage of that at the beginning?
Back with the annuit septus and the eye on the pyramid and everything?
No.
Because it said that in the contract, the secret contract.
They can never pay you enough. You know, Jesus.
I mean, even if they did pay you enough, then what they would pay you, they'd owe you royalties on what they paid you.
Exactly. So you got royalties going back like 200 years now.
Shit, man. You're sued.
What I need is a good lawyer.
Does anyone know a good lawyer for Jesus Christ, the Son of God?
Come again, return here.
So I will now pass out.
J.R. Bob Dole.
J.R. Bob Dole.
J.R. Bob Dole.
God, you're right.
You know, I want, Reverend Stang, I'd like you to address the whole thing about Independence Day and how they just totally stole that from the Church of the Subgenius.
Well, actually, it's true. Now, some subgeniuses went to see that movie Independence Day and thought,
Oh, they ripped off the thing about the exes coming in 1998.
Actually, they ripped off another, more obscure part of subgenius doctrine.
As you know, as everyone knows, on July 5th, 1998, the world as we know it ends totally.
For those who deserve it.
For those of us with the $30 membership card in our pocket, we're ruptured up to the escape vessels of the sex goddesses from Planet X to live forever in power and glory and Paradise One and Paradise Two and so forth after that.
Sexual perpetuity.
Offer available in limited areas.
$2 million credit limit, friends.
But you have to have that $2 million on deposit in the subgenius bank before you get it, just so you know.
Everything must go by 1998.
And that movie Independence Day, as Father Joe Mama pointed out, that's a great, they did us a great service because now when the exes really do show up, the pinks are going to think they can win.
And if we don't allow them some hope, what else is there for us to crush?
So, you know, let them think.
If Bill Clinton can jump in his jet airplane and find a dumb, drunk, poe-bucker abductee and Bill Clinton can go beat the aliens and, you know, the nice, multi-ethnic, diverse group of people can go up there with their Macintosh and dial in easier than you can get through to America online, upload a virus.
Oh, yeah, it's going to be real easy.
Actually, it is real easy.
All those idiots needed to have done was spend that $30 on the Church of the Subgenius.
And they'd be up inside that mothership watching better special effects.
It wouldn't even be special effects.
It would be the real thing.
I thought the pornography scenes in Independence Day were pretty good but not quite explicit enough.
Too many cars and not enough human bodies.
Well, they did a nice rendition of the actual aliens.
They took some of the greys and they took a little bit of the overmen.
A little bit of Yaka T's.
And then a big prairie squid on his back.
They had prairie squids on their backs?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, my God.
Right.
All those little squiggly tentacles were looking awfully ornery.
Well, Dave, before the conspiracy came along, we all had prairie squids on our backs.
People were born with original prairie squid.
And then the conspiracy came and castrated them away.
They chopped that prairie squid off your back the minute you were born.
You know, as a dedicated science fiction fan, I have to point out, Reverend Stang, that they didn't shave those squids on that show.
And that's why I didn't like it.
The rest of it was good but I thought, you know, since they didn't shave the squids, I didn't like that part.
It was a black comedy.
They weren't supposed to shave them because we know what happens when you don't shave that prairie squid.
And plus, squid brishing is forbidden by the third convent of states and nation.
I'm sorry, national.
Never mind.
It was like that episode of Star Trek.
They didn't de-peak them prairie squids either.
Now that was painful.
Did they practice safe squid?
It bummed me out.
Sort of like that episode of Star Trek where like Spock's ears were just a little bit too large.
You know, I don't like that.
That's wrong.
Yeah.
And one time I was reading a subgenius book and I read a contradiction in it.
Yeah, I noticed that.
I noticed it was in one sentence that it contradicted itself.
And then the next sentence I read contradicted itself.
I know.
That annoys me.
I don't like that.
That's why I don't like those contradictions.
And they're too ambiguous in that subgenius stuff.
You can't tell if they're good or evil.
But they're all true.
You can't tell if Bob is your friend or if he's like trying to rip you off or what.
Yeah.
Some of the stuff he says is smart but then other stuff he says, you know what I mean, it's like dumb.
It's like first they tell you what's wrong with religion and then they turn around and do it themselves.
Yeah.
Why don't they have any answers?
I want an answer.
Yeah.
I mean, they don't just tell you what to do.
Yeah.
I want, you know, better instructions.
They tell you to get slack and then they don't tell you what it is.
Yeah.
And when I sent away for that kit, you know, the whole squid shaving kit that I sent for,
the instructions were, they're all in Japanese and then they had all the wrong pictures.
But the razor looked right and everything.
I don't know.
I don't get that.
Why do they do that anyway?
It had a little picture of Bob on it.
I'll spend any amount of money for a razor.






Yeah.
But there was no picture of Bob.
Yeah, that's true.
I would too because, you know.
At the sacred sales table.
I'm...
I can type, so I'm going to do a Bob zine.
That's it.
Yeah.
Do a fanzine.
Yeah.
It'll make some money.
Yeah.
You could start the Star Trek.
Because I know that Church of the Subgenius makes a lot of money.
Those guys are all rich.
No, a friend of mine is a Star Trek fan.
He also likes that Subgenius stuff too, you know.
I can rent them off for free while I work at Kinko's.
Yeah.
Sure.
Why not?
Yeah.
Okay.
I'll give them to you.
That's how all religions begin, friends.
.
Scientology got so big.
4 a.m. and a deserted Kinko's.
Hell, Christianity, they didn't even have Kinko's back then.
Yeah, they did.
Plenty of Kinko's around.
He actually had a Xerox machine, which wasn't admitted.
The original Kinko the Clown was back then.
How do you think those loaves and fishes were done?
The world's first Xerox machine.
Oh, hell, when the X's come, friends, after 1998,
we'll be emailing shopping malls to each other.
Damn tootin'.
Money will be a thing of the past.
Can I just say something?
Not darn tootin', pal, but damn tootin'.
May I have a damn tootin'?
Damn tootin'!
Thank you.
Money will be a thing of the past.
You might as well give all of it to us now.
Membership rates will be going up.
Start next year, we're going to add a zero every month.
Then in 1998, we'll start adding a zero every week.
We figure the very last subgenius
will be the Xerox machine.
It'll probably be the Sultan of Brunei,
the richest man in the world,
whose phone number we have now, by the way.
Wow.
The very last page of Revelation X
has a picture of the Sultan of Brunei and says,
does anybody have this guy's phone number?
And we have it.
And actually, it's his son.
We're going to try very hard to recruit his son.
So hopefully by next year,
all this you see will be owned by the church of the subgenius.
We just need to get rid of the Xerox machine.
We need to learn the language before we call that number.
That's the only little hitch.
And we're going to come out with the first subgenius movie
will be Day Day and then Night Night, I think.
Was that the point?
Night Day and then Day Night
and then Afternoon Afternoon.
That was a scary one.
Interdependence Day.
Oh, send your mind to Bob.
Send your mind to Bob.
He needs a lot more than you do.
Because he ain't got a job, job, job.
Hey, do that song, I Love Bob or Bob Loves Me.
Yeah.
This is such a lovely gospel tune.
I'm sorry.
I love Bob and Bob loves me.
No, he doesn't, Dave.
He hates you.
He thinks you're stupid.
I love Bob and Bob loves me.
Don't kid yourself, dumbass.
He sends me stuff on the internet.
And he sends me cards and sends me lots of beer.
And he talks to me at two in the morning
when he ain't got nothing to do.
That wasn't Bob that called you, Dave.
That was Jayner.
Oh, my.
I love Bob and Bob loves me.
Uh, yeah.
I can smell this microphone.
I love Bob and Bob loves me.
Sure.
Right.
Deeply.
Keep telling yourself that, man.
We're happy all the time.
We're lovey-dovey guys.
He knows all my secrets and he never tells a lie.
He sold your secrets to the Weekly World Newsday.
Oh, I don't want to say no more, man.
I love Bob and Bob loves me.
We're happy, man.
I love Bob and Bob loves me.
More of them kind pills, Bob.
But sometimes he don't want to hear a thing from me.
And other times he doesn't even want to...
He never calls or writes.
He never says a word to me.
I've never seen the man of my life.
I don't even know if he exists.
Oh, he exists all right, Dave.
The question is, is he just a head?
Or is there a body?
Is there even a penis?
Is there a Dobbs penis?
Or is he just a collection of dots?
This is the question that so many faithless individuals ask themselves.
But no, Bob is a man, yes.
A mortal man.
He bleeds, he sweats, he stinks like everyone here.
Stinks like any head can stink.
Well, not quite as bad as everyone here.
But Bob has a power, a superpower that would make Superman,
that would make the Pope jealous.
Bob has the power.
He has the power to fail.
To fail and to fail big time, man.
He literally makes a million dollars every time he screws up,
and he screws up all the time.
Tell me about it.
Bob is a head, but he's also behind.
Except what I can't figure out is I went for the power of Bob,
and he gave me that power, but all I'm doing is screwing up.
Well, now you see, Bleepo, Bob, he knows more than you.
And all of these things, these sad things,
these things that have happened to you were preordained.
It's just part of your karma, and you're working it off.
And any minute now, all the things that Bob promised will come through.
You mean the cash and everything?
Yeah, all the money, finally the friends.
And the slaves and the friends and the slaves.
Yeah, slaves and armies and so forth.
All the nerdy little subgeniuses and clueless losers.
Do I get to control all the nuclear weapons like you said?
We'll all lead armies against the normal people.
Okay.
Okay, because you've been promising me this for like 15 years, you know.
And when you lose your job, when you lose your job,
you'll get the income tax rebate.
Oh, thank you.
Jesus gives me a dollar.
Then when you run out of unemployment, you'll get the welfare benefits.
Then when you run out of welfare and go into crime,
then we'll put you in jail and you'll make $35,000 a year.
You'll still make money even behind bars.
Yes, friends, it's completely true.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
And that's the American plan.
He's putting everybody in prison and paying them $30,000.
$35 an hour.
I mean, I think so.
I mean, it seems to me from what I'm waxing too political here.
I'll shut up for a minute.
But it seems we're all in some kind of prison right now without Bob.
I'm looking out there with one air and I looking this way.
In the church of the sub, them bars do not a prison make.
Why, that prison can be your altar.
That prison can be where you receive Bob's divine inspiration,
if not perspiration, if not sexual satisfaction.
Anything can be a throne.
And in the church of subgenius, I heard extra meditation,
and that must include some other kind of thing.
It takes place on the porcelain altar, my friend.
Yep.
As Dr. Legume said a couple of weeks ago,
Bob is a horny cellmate waiting for you to fall asleep.
Oh, no.
That is a terrible, terrible, terrible prescription indeed.
Actually, I think he said time is a horny cellmate.
Look, Jesus took up that collection,
and we did make it look like about $25 or $30 plus this one.
A little note here.
I just didn't understand the significance of this one.
It's just a piece of paper with the word $1 written on it,
signed E. Norton.
An Emperor Norton dollar, friends.
Oh, it's a dollar.
Yes, an Emperor Norton dollar.
So any Discordians here would like to bring me,
I'll give you this, and you can bring me a hamburger.
I really love that sort of rainbow concept of money.
Oh, all right.
The golden apple, here it is.
Oh, here's your money.
Thanks.
Thanks.

Thanks.
Thanks.
















Thanks.
Thanks.
Thanks.















Well, I've learned from that pie earlier not to bite into this thing.
That's just what they want you to do.
To err is subgenius.
We're trying to avoid, see, this is the apple of knowledge.
And that's, frankly, that's what we're trying to get away from, you know.
We like the computers and the electric guitars, but we don't need the knowledge.
We'll just steal the equipment.
Let somebody else figure it out.
We know too much.
We know too much.

already, damn it!
Is there anyone out there
driven to testify, make a short
testimonial for subgenius,
preferably an attractive, topless
young lady?
It's not a
chauvinistic thing, but frankly, we need
the videotapes, that sort of thing.
Propaganda, you know.
But I'll tell you, people do not
purchase the word Bob because they want to
hear what he says. They buy
t-shirts. They want people to know
that they love Bob, but
they don't want to listen to his message.
It might go down a little bit
rough on the polished
ears of the modernists
and the liberals these days. They don't
happen to like some of the
tough love that Bob's got
for him.
You know, Reverend Stein, someone pointed out to me the other day
that these subgenius shirts are some of the
most unusual t-shirts. They're actually tighter
in the chest area. Yes, we do have
a new baby doll brand,
rave type. This is
to cash in on the youth market.
Very, very tight.
They're great for little children
and even better for
great big
women. Yeah, see if
you're tough enough for a Bob shirt.
I thought that was for the throbbing
thoracic implant. The crumb
t-shirt. Test your limits.
How about some
questions for Bob? Yeah, questions.
We can be the conduit to which
he answers. And the conduit
to your question. See, they don't even question.
Bob can do it.
Butt magic.
That kind of, well,
I'll tell you, buddy.
Are you
seeing me sit down
for the first time in about
five years?
I hope that answers your question what it's like
working for that son of a bitch. You got Bob
walking behind you is a very dangerous
proposition. There's your butt magic
right there, pal. Jesus is new.
He's still standing.
Up. Notice kind of
purr. He is walking a little.
That's good. Bob saving the best
for last and butts.
Yes.
He's
on his
birth certificate. It simply says
J period R period.
Many people think it must have the
J R and J R Bob Gobsman stands
for Jesus Robert
or something like that, but no such
luck. It's just
and the Bob in quotes
is on his birth certificate.
He's going to.
Some changes are all dot J dot
R dot.
Yeah.
All dot Bob dot.
And some people think it's unusual.
You know that he has what?
Uh, two first names and one middle name.
What they don't realize he's got four
first names in three middle names.
It's J period R period.
Quote Bob unquote dubs and friends
that as we all know, Bob frontwards
and backwards is still Bob.
And it's like that's part of the message.
You see, you got the B on one end of another
B balancing it on the other.
But in the center there's that whole that great
big hole that you could just you can go into that
hole and through that hole I can see future
landscapes of acres of skeletons of dead normals.
Praise Bob.
And for you can kind of whip it through the hole
every now and then too.
That's why our pamphlets smell funny.
Deep slack.
Black nine.
Slip through a crack.
Get the wormhole.
Slip through a crack.
Another question for Bob.
Holy Bob.
You, the man with no shoes.
How dead is Bob?
Bob is as dead as the mountains and as alive
as the streams.
We have, you know, well, you know, we have, we make it a policy, as Bob himself said,
if you meet me on the highway, kill me.
And the reason for that is there are a lot of Bob wannabes.
One of them is a black nine.
There's a lot of pseudo Dobbs and false prophets out there.
And if you, if you see Bob kill him brutally, unmercifully torture him first, if he comes
back to life, it was the real Bob and you got no problem.
You know, it was within his slack or it wouldn't happen to him.
If it was a false prophet, then good riddance.
And, and he is the only copy written savior that invites you to hate him.
That's right.
The only one.
This is the world's first industrial church friends.
Dobbs face is a trademark.
And those of you with tattoos of that thing on your legs are going to make some real pretty
lampshades in a couple of years.
Anybody here have any subgenius art tattoos?
I wish Dr. Leguien was here.
He's covered with them.
Well, he's covered with something.
He likes, I think that he may have been abducted.
Um, um, or done some abducting, you know, he, we abducted rays.
We abduct UFO inhabitants.
This guy came up to me last night, one reference day.
You gotta give me some advice.
My, my girlfriend's been troubled by the graves.
They, I think she's been abducted and stuff.
Man, the answer is back.
Don't let them push you around.
They build the kind of spaceships that crash in New Mexico.
You know, don't.

Don't be afraid of them.
They're just messing with you.
They're doing the same thing as us.
It's just like L. Ron Hubbard.
They don't, they keep a straight face while they're doing it.
The only species we fear is the subgenius species.
Please do not harm us.
Men of Earth, men of Earth, seize all atomic testing.
Alien bees.
Send one dollar to P.O. Box 1403-06.
Texas 7.

Five, two, one, four.
Praise Bob.
Phew, praise Bob.
Now, but they won't do it, will they?
Oh, they love, they like to applaud to the concept of sending a dollar to Dallas.
Friends, you don't even have to remember the post office box.
Just hold that, that dollar bill up against the bump on your forehead.
Then sit on it for a while.
Then rub it up against your groin and just think Dallas.
And it'll make it.
It'll make it to our P.O. Box.
We are more flexible than you may believe.
No, the, no, the, the anti...
No, wait a minute, Reverend Stang.
Bob Dole's never been the anti-Bob.
And I just want to say Bob Dole has never been the anti-Bob.
The, uh, oboe, the anti-Bob would be, the way you would recognize the anti-Bob, who will be coming within the next two years, uh...
The anti-Bob.
You know, Bob can, Bob can sell you anything.
Right?
The anti-Bob will buy anything from you.
The scary thing is he looks, there's no way to tell him from the real Bob.
Well, except that if it's, if the real Bob...
That's what's...
You end up...
The hole in the pipe's on the other side.
Buying something.
You have less money after you meet Bob.
But you have slack.
After you meet the anti-Bob, you have more money but less slack.
He, he bought something from you, but it's something that you'll later find out you really did need.
Like your self-respect.
I knew this.
That's often the case.
And remember, the, the anti-Bob doesn't lead the conspiracy.
The conspiracy leads the anti-Bob.
So, whoever is elected in the next election is the anti-Bob.
Society will create him for us.
Rest assured, you will see the answer.
That he who has wisdom know it is the ears of a man, and the ears are gigantic, and he speaks with a Texas accent.
Beware ye the...
He who places his finger on the button on July 4th, 1998, will be the anti-Bob.
Now, I didn't put my finger on the button.
I've never put a finger on anything.
I just, I can't put my finger on a problem, let alone put my finger on a button.
Now, how do you expect me to...
Now, the anti-Bob is good looking, I'll grant you that.
But so is the whore of Babylon.
You know, they don't, they didn't tell you, oh yeah, they tell you all about how bad the whore of Babylon is in the Bible.
But they didn't tell you how good looking she was now, did they?
They always leave that part out.
Have you noticed that?
They leave a lot out.
Talk about...
The chances are the anti-Bob will be someone that you love, that you think is a great person.
And you will be the anti-Bob.
He will look nice, he will talk nice, he will act nice, but he will be the anti-Bob, and you will feel it, because you love him, don't you, don't you?
Give him to somebody!
Bob.
Anti-Bob.
Bob.
Anti-Bob.
Bob.
Anti-Bob.
Bob.
Anti-Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.


Anti-Bob.
That's what happens.
You find the balance that way.
If anybody ever is worried about finding the balance between Bob and the anti-Bob, just do the chant.
