The sun is just starting to come up here at Wisteria, the end of Starwood.
It's Sunday morning after the big bonfire and various parties in different camps.
We actually saw people having sex in public, although they had their clothes on.
That's the first time I've seen that at Starwood in quite a long time.
That built my hopes.
We're now going down a trail into the Pawpaw Patch.
It's a clearing between two hills where they have built a huge fire pit and the pagans and hippies dance wildly.
This is apparently the place to be.
This is where everybody seems to have come from.
The main wild pagans.
It ain't dancing.
Really, it's a very subdued crowd around the big bonfire.
Yeah, there's a lot more here than there is anywhere else.
Yeah.
Okay, we have to quit being spies now.
Obviously, even though this is Hour of Slack number 1340 from the Church of the Subgenius,
we're back at Starwood.
Part two of our two-part Starwood special.
The second half of my big sermon there will come later,
as well as a tiny fraction of the dozens of bands and the hundred workshops and classes.
Not that we could attempt to do all that justice.
First, we'll hear more from the podcast Pagans Tonight
with hosts O'Bronzel and Ariel of the Church of All Worlds.
In this case, interviewing one of the folks who kick-started the Starwood Festival,
in 1980.
All right.
Well, our next guest is Jeff Rosenbaum.
And Jeff is a founding director of the Association for Consciousness Exploration, ACE,
which is based in northeastern Ohio,
and it produces events, books, and recorded media in the fields of magic, mind sciences,
alternative lifestyles, comparative religion, spirituality, entertainment,
holistic healing, and related subjects.
ACE was founded in 1983 by members of the...
The Chameleon Club, which was founded in 1978.
And their fictional founder, C.C. Rosenkommet,
we've got all these fictional founders in the university,
on the campus of Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland, Ohio.
ACE is best known for hosting the annual Starwood Festival,
a six-day summer camping event held in July,
featuring live entertainment and classes on a variety of subjects,
including paganism, consciousness, holistic health,
and other topics,
and the annual Winter Star Symposium,
usually held in February.
They have also created the Music Star Festival,
opening inner doorways,
and the Thing in the Woods.
Welcome, Jeff.
Nice to be here.
All right.
Hi, Jeff.
So tell us about ACE and the Chameleon Club and Starwood.
This is the 31st Starwood.
That's quite a run.
It's been an amazing run,
and we're having an amazing Starwood right here
at Wisteria Event Campground in Pomeroy, Ohio.
And that's about...
It's about as far south in Ohio as you can get
while still staying in Ohio.
After that, you're in the Mason-Dixon land.
Oh, we're down there.
In a strange way,
we actually had to go through West Virginia
in order to get from Cleveland to this place.
Really?
You can't get there from here.
Your fellow Nehalese folks got here.




but it's not like awesome
But this sayingそんな




Yeah, you are awesome.
You are super cool.
I discovered anotherjob where I couldn't wish for the best

Our six month long trip to New York
that we learned so much about
Open Source Starwood
That was kind of a mistake, we've learned.
I don't want to get into anything terribly personal,
but it does remind me of certain open source that make me a bit butthurt.
And it brings me to this rant by my friend Synthaltimus,
which I'm going to read.
He actually dreamed this rant and wrote it down as soon as he woke up.
I wish I could do that.
He said, for me, being a subgenius means I get to pick and choose
what I want to believe in at any given time.
That's why we call Bob a short-duration personal savior, by the way.
If you get to be too much of a clinging, bobby, corny,
pay-bob, praise-bob, dipshit, we will butthurt you.
Our internet forum is a portrait of that.
I could be a born-again Christian one minute and a Muslim the next.
I don't have to be.
I can be anything, yet I can choose to be all of it.
The difference between being a subgenius and not being one, being pink,
is not in and of itself a choice.
You can't choose to be a subgenius.
You are or you are not.
The $30 is only significant as a ticket purchase.
It is a purchase of a ticket to eternal salvation
or triple your money back and escape from the end of the world
on the escape vessels of the sex goddesses,
but you'll hear more of that later.
Most people will spend more than that just to see the latest pop star fad on stage
for two hours and then poof, it's gone.
I'm talking $30 once for eternal salvation.
Now watch some other religion come along and offer quadruple your money back.
You can choose not to believe in it,
but the average pink cannot make that choice.
They are forever locked into someone else's way of thinking
and that is what dooms them to hell on earth.
Being a subgenius, well, the church of the subgenius
is kind of like an open source religion.
Then I hear the voice of some smart ass pink boy heckler,
did he say open source religion?
And an outbreak of laughter until I interrupt screaming,
only for you pink boy!
It's like an open source religion where the community contributes
to the development of the whole,
but Bob Dobbs retains the copyrights to the core code found in the Bible.

It's where upgrades and modifications happen at light speed,
where petabytes of doctrine are written, rewritten,
and deleted billions of times per millisecond globally
and then faster than real time.
It's where everything you believe is true,
as long as the community agrees with you at that particular moment.
If you say something that's rejected as heresy,
try again in a few hours.
The end result must be slack!
Another voice appears from the imaginary crowd of people.
How can you possibly expect anyone to believe any of this?
What's your reasoning? What gives you the right?
I don't expect anyone to believe any of this!
But that doesn't mean it isn't true.
My reasons are my own and I have an all inclusive divine excuse
that clearly states I have the right.
Not that I ever needed it, but it's nice to see in print.
And yes, we do attract customers.
Kooks, the church of the subgenius.
Man, I have developed, well, we are kooks.
We wait for the end of the world every year on an annual basis.
No one can out-kook us in that respect.
But our news groups, since the internet came along, have turned into really kook flypaper to the point where we had to kill one of them.
We had to kill alt.slack and create a members-only thing because it was filling up with trolls, literally.
You couldn't get through.
We put a robot up that always repeated alt.slack is no longer the glorious thing it used to be.
Now you can, if you're a card-carrying subgenius, you can go to Scrub Genius Google group.
I've sent many hundreds of members.
There's Subgenius Foundation Facebook page with 6,000 members.
And there's a Church of the Subgenius page with 13,000 or 14,000 members.
There's nothing to stop you from remaining here.
But unless you like toying with pinks, there's no slack to be had here.
Well, one of the trolls replied,
They are the mark of the beast.
And I said, the Church of the Subgenius is the beast.
And the troll said, using my slave name,
Douglas, you are a Christ-hating degenerate.
Sick.
F you.
And I said, I don't believe in fairy tales like Christ.
How can I hate something that to me doesn't even exist?
I don't even hate Christians.
I hate very few people and only those because they as individuals did me wrong.
The Church of the Subgenius makes fun of every type of superstition, including our own invented ones.
Although an educated person would easily see that new agers and pseudoscience are our main targets.
We leave Christian extremists bashing to old-timers like Saturday Night Live,
who started doing that in the 1970s.
I'm not really much of what you call a degenerate either.
My version of degenerate partying is to drink full-strength coffee and drink more than a couple of beers.
And there's some other bragging in here about how straight I really am, but I think I might skip over that.
I said, actually, I honestly feel real sorry for you and all the millions like you.
The Church of the Subgenius is, among other things, meant to help lift people up.
And it's meant to help lift people out of the morass of ignorance, intolerance, loneliness, and sadness they may have gotten stuck in through bad luck.
And we actually do get a lot of heartfelt letters from people who thank us for saving them.
And what you see at a subgenius gathering usually is a room full of people laughing.
And that's also what you see on a news group.
Making fun of foolish extremists or the casting out of false prophets is our bread and butter.
And folks like you provide us with the news.
And you provide excellent practice, which is just what I'm doing now.
Practicing!
Present company excluded, of course.
So, I could...
Actually, I gotta be careful about this because I promised to explain the secret origins of the New Age.
And I think I'll skip over this thing about paranoia.
What's the punchline of it?
I'll skip the whole rant.
But the punchline was, gin corrupts and absolute vodka corrupts absolutely.
So I've heard.
We'll have to do the rest of that one on the Hour of Slack.
Which can be heard weekly on many actual radio broadcast stations and anytime you want on subgenius.com.
In fact, all 1,317 of them are downloadable.
I'm getting kind of tired of doing that.
It's been going on since 1985.
We started in...
Well, the church really...
Bob Dobbs started the church when he was immaculated by the evil space alien Jehovah One in 1953.
But there's another cult that's a little older than us.
The Rosicrucians.
Now, this isn't really a secret.
I got this from a book called The Secret Society.
The Secret Society's Bible.
By Firefly.
No, Joel Levy.
And many of you may already be really familiar with this.
I'm going to go through this as fast as I can.
And I really skipped over a lot of stuff.
But it shocked me.
It really, really shocked me.
You know, the Rosicrucians started a long time ago.
And were the forerunners and direct ancestors of everything from...
Theosophy, down to the O.T.O., down to the latest trendy religion for people all dressed in black.
The Rosicrucians are supposedly a hugely influential secret society of Western intellectual elite who've existed since the Middle Ages and played an important part.
Well, you know who they are.
The existence of the Rosicrucians was announced to the world in 1614 with the publication in Germany of a document called the...
The following year another document appeared, the Confessio Fraternitas.
And in 1616, the Chemical Wedding of Christian Rosenkreutz was published.
I don't even know if I'm pronouncing that correctly.
I don't watch TV or listen to the radio.
I only read, so I don't know how to pronounce things.
Also, I'm deaf, so I've never actually heard anything any of you ever said.
According to the Manifesto,
the Rosicrucian fraternity had been founded by a German nobleman in the early 15th century who had taken the allegorical name of J.R. Bob Dobbs...
No, I mean Christian Rosenkreutz, or Kreutz, or whatever.
Having traveled the East in his youth and acquiring secret knowledge,
he gathered eight disciples to pass on his teachings,
which amounted to a wholesale revolution in every field of human endeavor that would usher in a new utopian age.
Well, we can see how that worked.
The Manifesto included a rousing call to arms to the weirdos of Europe
who were encouraged to apply for membership in this band of brothers.
The problem was nobody could find it.
It was just these three pamphlets.
Supposedly, Rosenkreutz set up his secret fraternity in 1408
and taught the secrets of nature and so forth.
And in the third series, the third Manifesto,
it described the adventures and tests he had supposedly undergone,
but it was clearly intended as a dense allegory,
combining alchemical symbolism with blah blah blah.
Any of this starting to sound familiar to you?
It sure sounds familiar to me.
There's a little bit more description of natural magic that they were into.
Science hadn't really been invented as such.
But natural magic was the closest they could come.
So that things that had...
Elements that seemed to have things in common.
For instance, since walnuts resembled the brain,
they could be used to treat brain maladies.
Sort of like the way holistic doctors should bill people.
A penny or less.
The end result would be a utopian vision in which man and society would be reformed,
and the world would become great and wonderful and everything.
Not surprisingly, it aroused hostility from government and church alike.
Well, that's all well and good.
It had a lot of alchemy and Kabbalah mixed in,
and Hermetic scholarship, and John Dee's writings.
But here's where it got scary for me.
Despite the publication of the Manifestos,
the Rosicrucians did not emerge from the shadows,
but remained invisible and incommunicado.
Public and published pleas for memberships
from famous alchemists like Robert Flood produced no response.
Who had written these things, and were they really members of a secret brotherhood?
Well, guess what?
To make a long story short,
it turns out it was based on a bunch of satirical pamphlets
making fun of the occult trends of their day.
This book goes into great detail on
the books that came before that.
The Fama had been based on this German thing,
which was obviously a satire.
A satire on the grand schemes drawn up by the so-called wise men
for the reformation of the world.
The other book, the presence of it, suggested that it was all a satire.
And in fact, the authorship of the first two remain unknown,
but it's accepted that a German named André,
admitted writing the third manifesto in 1603
as a quote, youthful literary trifle,
as a satire on the contemporary mania for the occult and the esoteric.
The most likely scenario is that the Rosicrucian manifesto
started out as an intellectual game or exercise
for this inner circle of weirdos and intellectuals.
Their intention was probably partly satirical,
partly inflammatory, and partly philosophical.
Whether they ever intended their creation to take on a life of its own
is impossible to say, but this is what happened.
Later in life, André would dismiss the Rosicrucian affair
as a comedy and a folly.
If the manifestos were nothing more than a literary parlor game,
why were they published and disseminated?
It was possibly because they were a bit too much.
They were not just a show of words,
but a way to serve someone's political ends.
I've been accused, by the way,
by various real super scholars of working for the CIA,
and their evidence was because we gather addresses.
And I had to write to the magazine where I saw that published and say,
don't you gather addresses too?
Don't, when you, in your little email program,
don't you gather addresses?
Does that mean you're selling them all to the CIA?
I wish.
I've got 40,000 of them.
I'd sell for a dime each.
Anyway, so much for that.
Back to the Starwood tour guide.
Someone was teaching intermediate advanced dumbfuck.
That's my specialty.
Oh, dumbback. I'm sorry.
I'm getting, I miss the cave girls,
which I'm really sorry,
because I like cave girls a lot more than those kind they have in the fashion magazines.
They're all too skinny and plastic looking.
I like your stumpy, weird looking cave girls.
I keep encouraging my wife to stumpy up,
but she can't do it.
She's from another planet.
Wasn't broccoli samurai great last night?
Yeah.
I didn't know if that was a band or a martial arts thing or what,
but it's a great title.
And Waking Dream and Fat Mandy were great fun.
What else is in here?
Childbirth in America.
I became a grandfather for the second time recently,
and my new grandson, Elias,
was born in the backseat of a car going 80 miles an hour down the LA freeway.
And when,
he's the sweetest, happiest little kid.
He's about a year old now.
He's a real happy kid until you put him in a car.
And then he screams and screams until he's out of the car.
Burning the box, I would suggest spray powder Lotrimon.
And oh, Harvey Wasserman.
By the way, I'm so glad they didn't have Harvey Wasserman programmed against me,
because he's one of the people here who's got a lot of educational stuff to say.
He has one coming up, although that was this morning.
Was George Washington a gay pot smoker?
Well, I'm sure he was, as long as he had good pot.
And I heard him do another one just a minute ago,
Solartopian Eco-Revolution,
which I thought must be his science fiction lecture,
but turned out to be actually rather hopeful.
I worry about the future.
I worry about the future myself a lot.
They talk about the singularity when the computers become so smart
that everything gets fixed.
Well, I think they're forgetting the ideogularity.
And it's a race between the singularity and the ideogularity at every moment.
I have my own predictions about that, but I try not to predict too much.
Secrets of true meditation?
Not anymore.
So you just can't do...
Oh, coming up at 8 o'clock tonight,
Michael Murth's magic show.
Now, that's the kind of magic I can believe in.
Just so you all know, I'm the token skeptic.
I'm the token rationalist here.
And people like to make fun of me because of that.
But I actually do believe in magic.
I believe in the magic of true love.
I really do.
I didn't...
For 45 years, I thought it was a myth.
And then I found out there really was real, honest magic.
So if you're thinking of killing yourself, don't.
It might not happen until you're 50 years old,
but sooner or later, something's going to change.
You don't know the future.
Bob teaches us that every year.
Oh, and Wasserman's last lecture tomorrow is,
Is Barack Obama a Hologram?
Now, that led us to a...
I printed this out from the Subgenius Forum.
My friend, Dr. Legem, right after Osama bin Laden was killed,
Legem said,
And immediately buried at sea.
No body.
Right.
Conveniently, on the same day Hitler died,
and eight years to the day after, mission accomplished.
If Obama had gone on TV last night,
and announced an invasion of space vampires,
I would have bought it sooner than this crap.
Somebody else then, Reverend Smelly Bacon, said,
It would be easy to disprove.
He and everyone around him would have every reason to disprove it publicly.
I think it's unlikely he's still alive.
It's possible, though, that maybe he died from his liver problem,
or some other random thing,
and they just found out about it,
so they decided to make a nice sound bite out of it.
Then there was a typo from our friend Zapanes, who said...
He meant to say,
Osama dies in bed of liver failure,
but he typed,
Obama dies in bed of liver failure isn't going to get people dancing in the street
or pump Obama's approval rating up.
And Legem said,
Not to take advantage of your typo, but as written, I'd have to say,
It might.
And I said,
I've been having the same problem in my speech.
I keep saying Obama when I mean Osama, mixing the two up.
Just as they planned it 30 years ago!
And Reverend Two Beans said,
Uh-oh.
We elected the Muslim terrorist foreigner and killed the cool black guy from Hawaii
who was going to give us hope and change.
Oops!
Oh, by the way, friends, if you really want a good laugh,
go to the Subgenius website,
click on the events page,
go to the X Day page,
and find the link to Dr. Legem's video.
He did the video where Osama, in subtitles,
Osama bin Laden promised, he goes,
Now that everyone thinks I am dead,
I am finally free to come to the U.S. and attend X Day.
I've always been a big fan of Reverend Ivan Stang.
That's why I wear my hair and go tea this way.
Um...
And I actually have some, uh...
Well, I guess I will do the political thing.
Somebody said,
I'm running a little late here. Is that alright?
Or, Reverend Zontar, thing from Venus, said,
Can Americans ever get enough of belligerent armchair posturing? I fear not.
Obama has cynically stirred the American bloodlust to ensure his own election.
I think that's a little harsh myself, but...
He has proved to be a willing tool of the military-industrial complex that truly rules our land.
Obama himself promised to double the military in pre-election speeches.
I've always considered him too right-wing in a Clinton way for my taste.
Now, um, I personally actually am the exact middle of the road, only up about 75 feet, looking in all directions.
But I said, um, I agree.
I think both of...
You know, I don't think Obama and Clinton as moderate Republicans.
On the other hand, it may be that such super-compromise is what it takes to inch a country forward.
Only God can force intelligence or even knowledge on people, and if He did, they'd resent it mightily.
I can't say as I'd blame them.
I've been saying for decades that I have faith that even without X Day, humanity will eventually reach a beautiful balance,
a utopia in which war hunger and environmental devastation have mostly
seized where humans actually do live in harmony with other plants and animal
species what few remain by that time. Unfortunately I suspect that such a
world will take 10,000 years to get here and in the meantime as Frank Zappa
predicted it won't blow up and disappear it'll just look ugly for a thousand
years and the last several thousand years were truly hideous for both city
and tribal humans and their slave species in general and modern
communications may accelerate that self-same misery by the same token real
knowledge will also spread faster. I personally don't expect to see either
the singularity or the ideogularity in my lifetime.
Praise Dobbs it's an endless back-and-forth struggle that goes with
life evolution the universe and everything.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I hope I won't live to see a fundamentalist world order of any kind.
I worry slightly that I might. I'm more concerned about my two grandsons than I
am about me in that respect. For us computers and the internet are fairly
recent inventions. We both probably remember when our parents got their
first color TV set. Kids who grew up with the internet are as different from us as
we are from our parents who saw telephones radio and TV
go from novelties to necessities in their lifetime. Death was no doubt a
blessing for our grandparents who lived in a world that was almost entirely real
at one time. I look at death as a blessing for me and that I don't think I
want to see the world in the year 2050. I don't want to know when the last wild
mountain gorilla dies. Horribly enough there is a slight
possibility that I might. I'll only be 97 in that year. I've had in-laws that live in the same country.
I'm not sure if I'll live longer than that. The one I'm thinking of was miserable when she died and she had the best possible care.
But these dreadful thoughts friends are why the Three Stooges and old Warner
Brothers cartoons are so important. And on funnier days the Church of the
Subgenius. We're not being especially funny today and I'm going to skip over
this really grim one here and this one here. And one of our kooks
we get a lot of criticism from people who I guess you could say they believe
all our jokes and get all our lies. And this guy with a straight face said I
hate people who think they're better than everybody else. In other words I'm
better than all of you. And that kind of sums up the most common kook world view in two
sentences as far as I know.
I have uh oh I had one question for the audience was can somebody deliver the
evolution control committee's mic stands to Columbus. But we got an answer to that.
And I will cease my preaching with the true words to live by. Repent. Quit your job and
slack off while you still know how. You may have to get a job in order to quit it.
And certainly in order to buy our books but you get the other one said number two rule
question authority. There's a subject has been written for scriptures. Why? Good question.
Go Dr. Tim Reverend Timothy Leary used to ask that say that all the time question authority.
Always wondered why I questioned that. And finally friends the most important one of
all. Believe it or not. Bob.
Bob.


Is not the answer and praise Bob neither is anything else.
And that has been my good lord. But we don't have to do anything else but eat dinner. That's
the most important thing. I will be helping light that sacred bonfire down there after
the very last band tonight.
Believe it or not.
I'm married into the group that that organized this Starwood. Although I've been coming to
these for 20. This is my 21st one. And I love it. I studied the occult for many many years.
And what I learned in the end was there sure are a lot of really interesting people around.
Now does anybody have any questions I can be smart ass about. Any smart ass questions.
or heckling, you'll have to come up here
because I really
am seriously kind of deaf
and I may even need a translator.
Uh oh, they're all fleeing.
No questions for you.
I can hear
you asking if I could hear
you.
What?
Great.
What would you say
to someone who has difficulty
living in their heart?
Oh, what do we say to people
who can't let Bob into their hearts?
Get a job
and earn 30 bucks and buy that
damn membership pack, man.
You'll have Bob covering
your ass, or half your ass anyway,
you know.
And we do have fresh, those are very fresh
membership packs.
You get a lot for your 30 bucks, actually.
There's the excuse
that covers everything.
The doctorate of forbidden sciences,
yes.
If we buy two of them, can it cover
the other cheek?
Yes, if you buy two, that's a very good question.
If you buy two ordainments,
you can put one on either cheek
and you will be saved from
butt hurt on either side.
In fact, I suppose if you
bought, you could cover yourself
with them. It would be invulnerable,
like a ghost shirt.
Wait a minute, those ghost shirts
didn't work very well, did they?
No.
Any other?
Any other?
Yes?
Is it still true that you can take the face
of Bob and heal yourself
of your ailments?
Yeah, Mandy, Fat Mandy
asked, is it still true that you can take
the face of Bob and heal yourself
of your ailments? And it is true.
Say you are butt hurt.
Say you are terminally butt hurt.
What you do is you,
my partner,
Philo Drummond, who was the
other Christian Rosenkrantz,
who was involved here,
you sit on the face of Bob.
You could steal
one off the internet, but they'll come out
real grainy.
You should perhaps buy a t-shirt
or on our website,
I think we even have pillows
that have Bob's face on them.
And if you sit on Bob's
face regularly, your butt hurt
will be healed.
Another thing you can do is hold
his face up against your
lap.
And it's okay, boys.
It's not queer if it's Bob.
It's a religious thing.
And even if it was queer, there's nothing wrong
with that. That's perfectly fine too.
In fact, I'll tell you this.
I'm a holy man and that gives me the right
to tell, to say this.
As of this moment, you may now
do anything you want.
I should remind you there's also a thing called
consequences and policemen
have been told the same thing I just said.
So, you know,
you have to use
reason, I guess.
Slack within reason. That's the big question,
isn't it?
Damn it.
Yeah, that line about
your new age.
Get all the new age you want, but old age
is going to get you sooner or later.
Remember to exercise,
folks. I suggest walking
in the city park on nice days.
Who else?
There's got to be someone.
Someone must be questioning the wisdom of Bob
at this point.
Are you done yet?
You know what? I could probably
stand here for another hour, although
my feet are starting to hurt.
That would be the only thing
that would really force me to quit.
There's no other workshop coming
on afterwards, you know, and I need
material for my radio show
all the time.
What about
cultures that haven't met
J.R. Bob Knox?
You live somewhere where there is no
internet and there is no
radio to pick up the hour of Slack
and you just haven't gotten the word.
Will they also be
denied the pleasure saucer?
Well, sort of.
Dr. Hall and I had this discussion
during X Day. What if
the innocent pagan,
as the Christians call them,
the child in some foreign
country who never gets to hear about Jesus
or Bob, say
some kid's born in China and it's,
some little village, he never gets to hear about
Bob and yet he lives his life with Slack.
No, he's
going to fry in hell like all the rest of them
if he doesn't send that damn $30.
And I'm sorry. But he does get to go to
a purgatory, subgenius
purgatory, which is a lot
more fun than
Christian purgatory. In fact,
when a subgenius,
okay, if you're a
dues-paid subgenius,
eternal salvation or triple your money back,
you finally, you get to
live forever on your escape vessels
when the exes come next July
5th. And you can live forever,
but eventually, probably
you'll get bored of the pleasures
of that are possible with
a living body.
Then you, you elect to
die and you go to subgenius
hell, which is often confused
by the Christians with their heaven.
It's a lot better than most of their idea
of heaven. It's a little bit more like the Muslim
idea of heaven, only it's not virgins. It's
really,
really experienced prostitutes, male and female,
whatever you want. And, and that's just to get
you ready. Just the pleasure of subgenius hell
is merely a sort of vaccination for subgenius
heaven, which is so great it would kill you
if you were unprepared for it by undergoing the
gauntlet of pleasure of subgenius hell.
Anybody else?
Does Bob come to Starwood and will he be at the
bond?
Something about the bonfire tonight.
Something about the bonfire.
Will Bob be there?
Will Bob be at the bonfire?
You know, Bob, JR Bob Dobbs has mysteriously
appeared in several Starwood bonfires. He's not always here,
and I can't guarantee, in fact,
he showed up at X Day for about a half a minute.
It's funny, Bob's a lot shorter than I always thought he would be.
He's kind of oddly stumpy looking.
Uh,
to quote Jack Black, actually.
But he might, he might very well be there.
Keep your eyes open.
If he does show up and he's carrying a big golden apple,
please don't get in a big fight over it.
It really belongs to him.
And I think I should just let everybody go.
For one thing, I haven't had dinner.
And, you know, let's face it.
Slack is important.
Sex is important.
Peeing is more important than either of those.
And dinner right now is top of my list.
So, uh, good luck, everybody.
I love coming to preaching to the Starwoodians
because I'm not preaching to the safe.
I don't do this at X Day.
We just get up there and talk boringly about dogma and stuff.
I don't really rant or preach or anything.
They wouldn't pay any attention.
They heckle louder than I can talk.
Because they're subgeniuses.
Like her!
So, Praise Bob, thank you.
Starwood, again, thanks Sound Crew.
Thanks Ed Strange for making the pulpit.
You know, you get counting your blessings,
you, it'll just go on forever.
Somebody fade this thing out quick.
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Iím selling this documentary to samples.
The
A
Thank you.
Tell us about the Saturday night thing.
I mean, the centerpiece of Starwood is the legendary, incredible, monstrous bonfire.
Yeah, the Starwood bonfire is pretty incredible.
I hear it's the largest one in the U.S.
It's the culmination of the event,
and we've been told by the forest rangers in the area of Starwood
that they can see that the bonfire is big enough to be seen from space.
Wow.
Ah, wow.
All right.
Actually, on a strange side note,
if you read the book Tripping by Charles Hayes,
it has a description of Terrence McKenna's appearance at the Starwood Festival in, I think it was, 1994.
I remember that, man.
You know, Terrence and I did a little bit of DMT together back then.
A little salvia de menor.
Yeah, we did.
It was great.
Well, you know, maybe that's the reason that the Starwood Festival that he described
is a lot more important.
It's more impressive than the one he actually attended.
That's probably.
That would be, it was augmented.
The bonfire that he described was 80 feet tall with flames that went 200 feet in the air,
and it's pretty amazing.
Sure it was.
You know, I would never argue with that, you know.
Beautiful.
Beautiful.
Beautiful.
Beautiful.

Beautiful.
Beautiful.
Beautiful.
Beautiful.
Beautiful.
Beautiful.
Beautiful.

Beautiful.
Beautiful.
Beautiful.
never ending is right.
It's gotta end sometime, seriously.
It's not a circle, it's a line.
The main thing about the event to me is that we bring in people from various cultures
and we try to bring people from those actual cultures, not just, you know, white boys who
read about Santeria and want to do a workshop or people who got into these different things,
Eastern mysticism or something because they thought it was cool, read about it, read some
books, but we try to get people from those cultures and get them to interact with each
other.
And the serendipitous discoveries that take place when you get two cultures together and
you come up with a third paradigm is really astounding.
But it's not just that.
We think that, you know, part of the hope for the future is not just to have these people
compare notes and talk with each other, but have them celebrate together.
You know, we say this is the place where shamans sit with scientists and druids drink with
deadheads.
Right, and everybody dances around the bonfire on Saturday night.
Yes, in various states of clothes or unclothed.
And body paint, lots of body paint.
And costumery of all sorts.
And that's it.


That's freedom.
Such a good time, await the moment.

No, leave me!
Oh!
So interesting, huh?
I'm pretty minded.
Phew!
with no beginning
and never ending
We are a circle
within a circle
with no beginning
and never ending
We are a circle
within a circle
with no beginning
and never ending
We are a circle
within a circle
Woo!
Ladies and gentlemen, and everybody in this meeting,
welcome to Puppet Hill!
We are all gathered here today at Starwood 31
in Wisteria, Ohio.
And we are currently in the planet's coolest inflatable nightclub.
My name is Pat Van D, with me here on the ceiling is my friend,
Matthew Tembo.
And on the hoongah is my good friend Miguel Sagay III.
Music
I remember when we used to sit
In the bobblin' yard of Christmas Town
All of the stars in the night
Were as hopeless as they were
No one ever knew all the means
The good times we had
And the short nights we've lost
Along the way
And despite future youth
And the fun of your past, oh
My heart's beating as I just say
No more long, long time
No more long, long time
No more long, long time
No more long, long time
And I remember when we used to sit
In the government guard's entrance now
And they told me we'd make it by a line
See what love would burn through the night
Then I would cook good meals for the rich
Oh, the rich would sit with me
Music
When my feet on my own can't breathe
When I can't do something true
What a joy
Oh, the rich would sit with me
Oh, the rich would sit with me
Oh, the rich would sit with me
Oh, the rich would sit with me
Oh, the rich would sit with me
And I remember that I could make
Well, as I said, now I can
I could sing
I could make my friends happy
Oh, the rich would sit with me
And I could convert the world
And take crowns for myself
Oh, the rich would sit with me
When ourrocks

Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Thank you, James and Dan from the Puffer Dome for helping me make this happen.
Thank you to our special guest, Sean, Princess Lee, Colleen, and Bob.
Matthew Tembo, ladies and gentlemen,
on the sarimba that he made with his own hands.
He carved every piece of this by himself
and flew it over on a plane to Pittsburgh from Zambia.
And I'm so happy he did.
Miguel Sague, a Guaracha Latin dance band.
In his full Taino regalia, I have never seen him in a loincloth.
And I'm so happy that he did it for us here today on the conga.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.







Thank you.
Thank you.
My name is Pat Meredith.
Matthew and I both have CDs for sale.
Please come check them out if you are so interested.
Take a little piece home with you.
Fuck.

Thank you.
Damn, chem toilets sure are few and far between out here in the distant field area.
I feel like I'm about to trip over fences all the time.
Tent bars.
There's a pee hole out here somewhere.
I could crawl into the woods, but then the bears would rape me.
I never did get raped by the bears, but I did get bumped into by my fellow torchbearers.
For some reason, they let me, the mascot skeptic, have the honor of helping to lead the parade and light the giant bonfire.
Let me give some credits, though.
Fat Man D is spelled P-H-A-T-M-A-N-D-E-E.
And she has CDs.
The podcast, Pagans Tonight, is on every Wednesday at 9 p.m. Central on Blog Talk Radio, with more information at greeneggzine.com.
This is the Hour of Slack from the Church of the Subgenius, subgenius.com.
And also you can check out starwoodfestival.com and see various Starwood videos on YouTube, including the channel Revstack.
Subgenius.com also has extensive photo essays and just plain essays by Princess Wee and I regarding Starwood in our Devivals of Yorg section.
And now, back to St. Stymie de Bergerac, divulging secrets to Oberon Zell.
Yeah, we have a torch lighting ceremony that's like a dance with eight people holding torches.
And they...
To the sound...
To the sound...




To the sound of dozens and dozens of drummers who are being practiced all during the event.
And when the bonfire is lit, they're...
Actually, I'll tell you a little secret.
A bonfire that size can't really be lit by a handheld torch.
Not unless you want to sit there for hours.
No, no, I don't want to hear this.
At the same time...
At the same time as they put their torches in there, there are electronics.
That light it from the inside.
No, no, I'm so disillusioned.
But it's just, you know, it's an incredible culmination to the event.
And the bonfire dancing goes all night.
The whole thing does.
If you know, you can sleep when you're dead.
That's right.
That's the theme.
But I've had the chance to see people come together.
Like Timothy Leary met Halim Eldad and Jilly Smith from the band Gong at Starwood.
Invited them to visit with him.
At his house in California.
And I got stories back from people there that they were bar hopping and telling Starwood stories.
Made me feel incredible.
I met the woman I married at Starwood.
That's true.
Princess Wee Ardo, the queen of all the UFOs.
Here, Ian's going to say something here.
Listen, some of you folks out there, I'm sure, are actual pagans.
If you wondered what it was like in A200 B.C.
To go to a Lusus with a thousand Helene pagans and kick ass at the fire.
We're doing it.
We're doing it.
If you can't come this year, come next year.
If you can't come to Starwood, find a festival in your local area and get out the door.
Don't miss the opportunity to do what the ancients did around the fire without your trousers.
I'm not kidding.
Before there was radio and television, that's what people mostly did.
No kidding.
I mean, no kidding.
You could stay on the couch or you could drop your trousers and come to the nearest festival and worship like the ancients did.
That's right.
That's right.
Well, that's good for tonight.
And I really thank you all for being here tonight.
Thank you, Jeff, for this segment.
And also, Ian and Ivan, thank you guys for all being on here.
You're welcome.
This has been fun.
Thank you for joining us on Pagans Tonight.
You can hear us every night at 9 p.m. Central Standard Time right here on Blog Talk Radio.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.





Friends, we're glad you listened to this show, and we're even more glad that some listeners
have donated enough to help us keep on going for another couple of months.
Not just this show.
but subgenius.com and all the other archive sites.
But if you truly love Bob and want some of that slack back to rebound to you,
you should go to subgenius.com front page or especially the radio page or the catalog store pages
and help out financially as best you can.
Now, we know what it's like to be on the brink of total poverty
and we don't want any subgeniuses to make their own situations worse.
But some of you still have jobs.
Even five bucks makes a big difference, even if it's only once a month from enough of you.
Fifty bucks makes an even bigger difference.
All we're saying is that blowjobs could go the way of Steve jobs if you don't pay Dobbs.
We also take checks and money orders to subgeniusfoundation.
P.O. Box.
1-8-0.
1-8-1.
4-1-7.
Cleveland Heights, Ohio.
4-4-1-1-8.
Thanks for anything you can do to help let there be slack.
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
