I call and I call, just to make things right
Have I lost the fight?
Where were you last night?
I beg and I cry, I keep asking why
Where were you last night?
Where were you last night?
It's got to a heart, and you're too late
I'm in love, bad night
It's got to a heart, and you're too late
I'm in love, bad night
Ooh, baby, do you know what that's like?
Ooh, heaven is a place I'll learn
It's in heaven, love comes first
We'll make heaven our place, our life
It's got to a heart, and you're too late
I'm in love, bad night
It's got to a heart, and you're too late

It's in heaven, love comes first
We'll make heaven our place, our life
It's in heaven, love comes first
It's in heaven, love comes first
It's in heaven, love comes first
And if this M epidemic don't kill me
I don't even have any consent
But I don't want your back
I don't want your speeches
because we're trying to make your steely

But I...
Yeah.
I...
Look at the monkey, bunny, monkey, little red monkey acting so fidgety.
Look at the monkey, bunny, monkey, little red monkey, cute as can be.
Where is his mama, papa, sister, brother, cousin, rest of the family, little red monkey on his own.
Some very lonesome monkey is he.
A very lonesome monkey is he.
And friends, welcome to the most, or I should say the least prepared hour of Slack ever.
Ah, there we go.
My head.
See, you don't hear me turn my headphones up.
But boy, I don't hear me at all until I...
Turn those headphones up.
And let's see.
What do we have for background music?
Is that right?
Close enough.
Friends, this is our Slack number 1440.
Recorded a little bit before Christmas and things are getting a bit hectic.
This has been appliance week for Princess Wee and myself.
And that every day it seemed like somebody gave us a new appliance as a present.
Thank you, sir.
But every day, one of our old appliances broke down totally.
Last night, it was the hot water heater.
And as one subgenius told me, dang, that's what you get.
Your conspiracy fooled you again.
Hot water heater.
Why are you trying to heat hot water?
It's already hot.
Let's hear it.




Heat hot water heater.
Heat hot water.
Right.
So that's our problem, friends.
Although the Slack Friday sale has really paid off where you can get to ordain...
Oh, I can't talk about that.
But anyway, it paid off and hopefully will continue to.
Well, what did we break?
Your computer broke.
I think my computer breaking was the beginning of it.
That's where it kicked off.
No, actually, my brain cells break.
My brain cells are breaking was the beginning.
And my skin falling off.
Oh, that's right.
Your skin broke.
And me arm.
Your arm.
Me arm is...
His arm.
His arm.
I'm like old Grendel in that Beowulf movie.
Me arm.
And then everything...
Yeah, and then all the trash.
Even the trash broke.
We had to take trash and fix it.
Yes.
A whole van load of trash.
You would not want to smell the church eye van.
Ice mobile right now.
It smells like the Starwood Center basement, basically.
It's where everything inside of it has been.
For the last 12 years.
So we really...
We love the Christmas present new devices we got.
Oh, my goodness, yes.
But, you know, every time you get a new device these days,
it takes half a day just to do the settings.
We got our first tablet.
And to become acclimated to all the idiosyncrasies.
Yes, and here's the problem.
We have to be in Texas in seven minutes.
And that's why I didn't even...
Aside from that stuff by The Large that I played at the beginning,
the mashups,
I didn't prepare even any background stuff.
What's in the background now is things Lee Murr and I mostly did years ago.
But Princess Wee and I...

are going to read to you tonight.
We have two different types of things.
Princess Wee has a great kook newsletter that came in the mail to us.
One of the Hour of Slack subscribers sent it to us.
And we've got two or three issues now of Truman Bentley's newsletter,
which is like a flash from the 80s,
back when we used to trade with dozens of psychotics
who actually...
Hand-printed.
Xerox.
Hand-printed.
Yeah, and mailed.
Zines.
Yeah, this zine, the part Princess Wee has,
is all hand-written by Truman Bentley.
Do you want to give them an example?
Yes, I'll just kick right off with the kickoff of...
Many of you have accepted the fact that you have found your purpose,
which is the words of howl-ness.
As expressed by this newsletter,
many of you are basic chodes
and you know it.
You need to save your money that you have
and make from any work.
It is for one purpose.
That is for you to use it to make more money with it.
Money has but one purpose,
and that is to be used to make more money.
By studying howl,
which is in quotation marks and underlined,
you can learn to utilize your money in a better way.
You need to shave and bathe every day.
If you are a woman,
you need to behave like Emma Peel.
Watch the BBC.
Watch the TV show The Avengers.
Remember that being proper in style and behavior
is the key to richness.
For being rich, you can be better.
Poor is not blessed or good.
Poor is like having athlete's feet.
You gotta get you a spray and ointment.
Fast.
Truman...
The words of Truman Bentley.
Now why he calls his religion howl-ism in that newsletter
is beyond me because in the newsletter I've got over here,
he says,
the international worship of God,
the worship of Truman is better than any and all gods,
is growing.
We, the Trumanists,
love to see the upset reactions of all the God-adorers
who despise to think a new God can outdo their fairy tale God of fraud.
This guy's really angry.
Yes.
But at the same time,
he tries to do his little shots of humor.
Humour.
I'm gonna read a little bit of his.
Oh, go for it.
This is easier because of my version,
he finally got a computer.
Yes.
And was able to type it.
Much easier to read.
He says,
I was watching an episode of the Twilight Zone.
This guy was talking about settling down with his girl
and having a good job and a nice life with money in the bank.
Money in the bank.
When I hear somebody say that stupid saying phrase,
whatever it is called,
I know right then and there I don't want to anything to do with that person
because they are messed up.
Stupid, nauseating, screw the bank.
Cash your checks at the bank they are drawn on,
close your savings and checking account,
spend all your money on Hare Krishna tambourines
and wax Halloween candy and harmonicas.
Don't contribute support, help, aid or anything.
Drop out as much as you can.
Nauseating scum runs every show.
This show not included.
Don't follow their dream.
Don't laugh at their jokes.
Become highly educated and do nothing with it.
Despise conformity.
Despise anyone who tells you you must do this or you must do that.
These same jerks won't even buy you a cheeseburger
but they want to tell you what you must do.
I just looked at the bottom of the computer screen.
There is a real Cal Rifkin, Rifkin, whatever the hell his name is,
face on a bobblehead doll body advertising.
He is next to two other baseball creeps.
Screw sports.
I hope they get prostate cancer.
I hope he rots.
In fact, what happened to singer Buddy Holly and the Big Bopper was funny as hell.
Don't buy sports trinkets or participate in all the right things.
Resist, defy, tell others to not conform, etc.
Amazing.
It is.
I'll resume the handwritten portion.
Writing this newsletter without a computer,
sucks.
Each letter has to be formed and the concentration to do that.
And the time limits the free flow of thought.
I need a computer.
Send stamps and dollars to keep the newsletter going strong.
One day, when we build the temple of the newsletters,
those who loved and helped it grow shall be invited to come visit
and have the honor of scrubbing the Golden Throne toilet with Comet or Ajax.
For symbolically cleaning the commode,
you are symbolically cleaning away the past of your lame pre-Howell life.
For Howell is Ness.
And Howell plus Ness is Howellness.
That's cosmic.
This has nothing to do with Dr. Howell, by the way.
No, this is Howell.
Yeah.
As in the poem by Allen Ginsberg?
Like that kind of Howell?
More like Howell.
More like Howell.
Howell.
How well are you doing at that repair job you're trying to,
we asked you to do, Mr. Hot Water Repairman?
Well, the water's already hot, so I don't know what your problem is.
I don't know.
Dr. Howell are you?
Now, I've got, Dave should be calling in any minute.
But in the meantime, friends, I'm about to finish up a 3,000-page novel
called The Baroque Cycle by Neal Stephenson.
And I found some nifty parts to read to you from it so that you will run out
and read this book yourself someday, even though it's 3,000-page volumes.
Well, our main character, half-cocked Jack, has just stumbled upon some women
being slaughtered by Turks.
And Jack wondered idly whether the mudlarks of East London would ever believe him.
If he went home and claimed he had seen a live ostrich and a Turk's harem.
But thoughts of this sort were chased away by others.
One of those moments had arrived.
Jack had been presented with the opportunity to be stupid in some way that was much more interesting
than being shrewd would have been.
These moments seemed to come to Jack every few days.
They almost never came to Bob.
And Bob marveled.
The two brothers leading similar lives could be so different that one of them had the opportunity
to be reckless and foolish all the time, while the other almost never did.
Jack had been expecting such a moment to arrive today.
He supposed until moments ago that it had already come,
namely when he decided to mount the stolen horse and ride after the ostrich.
But here was a rare opportunity for stupidity even more flagrant and glorious.
Now Bob, who'd been observing Jack carefully for many years,
had observed that when these moments arrived,
Jack was almost invariably possessed by something that Bob had heard about in church
called the Imp of the Perverse.
Bob was convinced that the Imp of the Perverse rode invisibly on Jack's shoulder,
whispering bad ideas into his ear.
And the only counterbalance was Bob himself,
standing alongside Jack.
Counseling, good sense, prudence, caution, and other Puritan virtues.
Not that Bob was Puritan, far from it,
but he was known to talk that way to demonstrate his superiority over Jack.
But Bob was in England.
Might as well get this over with then, Jack muttered,
and gave his Turkish steed some vigorous heel digs.
And it gets really exciting after that.
Obviously it's a different Bob than the one we're talking about.
Yes, a different Bob.
Jack is more Bob-like in this.
He's very Bob-like in this book,
although he ends up being a slave for about half of it.
Half-cocked Jack.
Yeah, that's his name.
It's a literal description of his infirmity.
You'll sink with your water.
But it's a great book, or three giant volumes.
Whatever happened to...
I wonder if Dave had another one of those crises that come over him just before the...
I sure hope not.
I hope he's all right.
Is he the one that only has so much on his phone card?
Right.
Oh, okay.
He only has so much on his phone card.
Oh, here's a short line from The Broke Cycle.
Paris was a city of stone, the color of bone, beautiful and hard.
You could dash yourself against it and never leave a mark.
It was built, so far as Jack could tell,
on the principle that there was nothing you couldn't accomplish
if you crowded a few tens of millions of pets,
peasants together on the best land in the world,
and then never stopped raping their brains out for a thousand years.
I thought that kind of sums up Western Civ.
Yes, I think it sums it up nicely.
Did you have some more Truman Bentley-isms or Bentley Truman-isms?
Well, I believe there are a few more Bentley-isms here that could be shared.
No pretty James Bond pussy galore film woman
is going to want to smooth on a negative chode acting dude.
If you are a drag, a lame-o, smelly, unwashed slob bum,
then you cannot expect pretty women to want to break off some Kit Kat for you.
The core desire of all women is to be with a howl.
No woman wants to be in a sweaty box with a fly-covered loser.
Get out.
You, if you have an extra computer, send it.
Some themes come back in waves over and over throughout the newsletter.
Oh, speaking of waves, I think we've got one.
I think we caught a wave.
Is it a new wave?
It's a head wave.
Oh, it's an old Dave.
Oh, that's my favorite Dave.
Two of those foreheads with the ripples in them.
When they have, what's the name of that disease that produces gigantism?
And you get to be over seven feet tall and 300 pounds.
Gigantism.
Gigantism.
It makes like a scallop shape on your forehead.
And then if you intermarry too many times, the scallops turn to shrimp and you die.
I'm sorry.
Ew, what a way to go.
Now, don't make fun.
These are the legends of Dave's people.
Oh, okay.
This is true.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to show disrespect.
No, I never saw it before, but there is a giant's grave out here.
It goes back to the days of the Indians telling the colonial settlers that there were giants
buried over there.
And for over 200 years, people have gone, yeah, that's where the giants are buried.
And there were even elaborate theories on the internet about that they were Swedes and
Vikings who had intermarried rather than becoming part of the tribes when the last little ice
age happened.
There were giants on the earth in those days, in those Daves.
Real giants.
Smoked a big pipe too.
Well, you know, you find a mastodon skull and you'd figure it was a cyclops.
Or you might figure it was one of your neighbors burying their friends.
Well, a really big friend with one big hole in the middle of his skull.
Well.
They didn't, you know, if you haven't seen an elephant, you wouldn't know it was a nosehole
instead of a giant eye socket.
A solitary nosehole.
Well, the elephant skulls look like cyclops skulls from the front, especially if cyclopses
are assumed to have tusks.
Well, we can't assume very much about cyclopses, or cyclopses, because the simiads, as they
were, C-Y-N-E-A-D-S, as they were once called, may return to the earth someday and take it
back.
But they're not real yetis as we know them yet.
The simiads, did you say?
I think.
I might have the wrong mythological beef.
Oh, I thought you were talking about the scientific stuff like cyclopses and giants.
I thought he was talking about something related to synovial fluid in one's joints.
Synovial fluid, if it's extracted and placed in their brains, though, produces some pretty
dangerous results.
Not to them, but to the people around them.
That sounds like a really bad idea.
What other things were the doctors doing around you when you were in there, Dave?
Oh, making and taking measurements, learning to pronounce the words right.
I talked to them, and they said I wasn't communicative, you know.
And they just didn't understand what the hell I was talking about, so I had to instruct
them in language skills and certain various ways.
And, uh...
How did your doctors react to all of this, Dave?
A bar stool on the head and a couple pokes in the eye usually calmed me down for a while.
Sometimes I used electroshock on my feet.
Ow!
Well, they're being thoughtful when they do that.
Yeah, they don't want me to run away, but they don't want to hurt me, I guess, too much
or something.
They didn't want to hurt you?
What kind of doctors are those?
Yeah, really.
That's what I told them.
I said, look, you know, you're doing half a job for twice the work here, and you're getting
very little results.
I need a pummeling.
Or as you used to say, beat me to a pulpit.
I'm praying for some pain.
Yeah, I was reminded of that old, old song.
The old cowboy song.
Old LCD standard.
Just like that old-time Bob religion, you know, it's the opposite of...
Well, I don't want to say it and get into any arguments.
The opposite of any argument.
Anything good, clean, sane, or decent, yes, I know.
We know.
That sunk in about year three or so.
When we realized Bob wasn't going to be unlocking that dungeon basement door anytime soon.
No, but we're hoping that Bastille will be stormed, at least not, you know, overcast.
It better happen quick, because the hot water heater's leaking down there in that dungeon
basement.
It is.
It is.
The Bobby souls, or...
Well, the water's rising.
The water's rising, friends.
Oh, man.
Maybe I shouldn't be telling everybody that that's what's happening to the souls
of people who bought subgenius memberships.
They're not, like, completely drowned yet or anything, and probably the guy from the
repair place will be there tomorrow.
Yeah, I mean, this would...
Bob said these can...
These soul canisters were insured for...
It's like, how did G. Gordon Gordon put it?
If...
If a volcano erupted and my basement was filled with hot lava, the souls would be fine.
Right.
But they didn't say anything about a water leak.
Water.
No.
Or, you know, sludge.
We know they're safe from lava, but I don't know about water.
Melting snow might be different.
Much like the Witch of the West, there is a form of hydrophobia, or fear of water going
around in the collective souls that have already been huffed, re-huffed numerous times.
That would explain why they smell that way.
Yeah.
Well, it's a bureaucratic error, usually, is what causes the first unholy emissions,
as they call them in the business.
But...
Man, that smell permeates, too.
It's bad.
Really bad.
Yeah.
It leaves, like, a great ooze on your hands sometimes, and, you know, like a mummy's curse
thing, you know, things start flying around the room, and you have dreams.
Little elves are talking you, talking you to go to the mall with the large cannon or
something, you know, or...
That's crazy stuff.
But seriously, you know, if those souls get smudged or stinky, the aliens won't give us
nearly as much money for them, or, well, money, quote, unquote.
They won't give us as much safety and impunity from the end of the world.
Impunity.
If the souls, you know, if the souls that Bob ultimately pays them with...
Are tainted.
...are stepped on, you know, tainted.
Right.
If the admin costs don't somehow exceed the actual cost...
...of production of the salvation required or...
Which always happens.
...specified, well, did in the past, as you said.
What was it, Princess, where you said Neegi's Law was at work?
Yes.
With all of our old appliances.
I was afraid to say it, but...
But Bob's Law was working with our new appliances.
Yes.
Which all work, even though they were somebody else's old appliances, most of them.
But they're new to us.
Yeah.
And they're wonderful.
And a lot newer than the appliances we had.
Unfortunately...
Unfortunately, our physical shells are not in such an easily replaced condition.
Well, I think we need to have the urgency, get out there to the subgenia and the non-subgenia
out there to promote health of appliances, heating equipment, and things like that for
all of those people so callously enveloped in all of this, as well as their mortal shells,
which seem to be scuffed up like bad shit.
But I don't want you to look at any of this yet, constantly decreases their corset


and shoes, and return to their original luster or at least something like that, you know,
with their wearable condition.
Well, this is a major think-through about this.
Will Bond ready to follow suit withiggle?
When do you think going to force the
next Walt Disney School for you and Paul in the Christmas Season with a choice of

Many years.
Yeah.
I think that brought you to a bad place.
Ah, yeah.
I think Bob wants to get back into the food market, and to share some yummynent shafts
with Stacy brevellins, Matt zooming right into these mark-nùles tree nedzberger ice 99.
where, you know, having two faces, one on the back of your head,
especially this time of the year, you know, for some of the celebrants,
it's an important thing to look both ways before crossing the street.
So this way you can always, you know, keep an eye on your own ass,
as they like to say, without federal regulations,
and keep your nose firmly in the future where it shouldn't be.
Well, didn't they put you in one of those schools for the kids with the two faces,
this one on the back of their head and the regular one?
Well, that was a big part of re-education.
Everybody had to have that.
I just like that.
Especially, like, Mom, the Mom figure, Connie.
And I think she sold a lot of rugs doing that, you know?
I mean, being there, like, it wasn't like the other kids at Montauk
or the other places where they had mind-control experiments.
I was one of the kids who was safely in the hands of...
You were in town.
Yeah, I was in town.
They didn't have to brainwash you.
You were ready for...
You were ahead of the game there.
Your brain was already washed.
Yep.
Washed clean of all social anomalies, all kinds of specifics.
I mean, the details were in there at one time,
but now they're just, you know, it's like somebody took an eraser
and shoved it in my ear.
You're a lucky man.
You're a lucky man.
You know, most people don't get anywhere near that close
to Bob's state of consciousness.
They have to have lobotomies or car accidents or drug overdoses,
something to really wipe out.
Almost everything.
I enjoy especially the details of Bob's brain
being cryogenically kept in a jar in the basement there
where there are so many dark tumors right now.
And if you'll just please just step this way
and out of the way of the foley Bob dummy.
That really is just a dummy, folks.
That's not really Bob.
It's a clever replica.
Yes, yes.
Turn the light on four times.
Here it says, watch your head.
It's the lowest.
And here's the basement.
It gets a little wet here.
What, they build this place for dwarves?
I mean, I have to stand on my tiptoes to touch the ceiling,
but it's pretty short, low ceiling in here.
Yeah.
Well, most of the specifics of this place were generally worked out
in the year 2572 in the Axiomatic Age,
back in the time when the Thebans,
the other great cretins of history ruled the Mediterranean basin.
You mean it was a chapel before it was an insane asylum?
Of St. Dymphna, the protector of the insane.
St. Dymphna?
No, St. Dymphna, the protector of the insane,
for a brief time before being taken over by the one true church,
as we've come to call it.
Yeah, the church for the truly sane.
Huh?
Yeah, that sounds so ironic, of course.
Oh, wow.
But really, you know, the foundations underneath the facility
that Dave is talking about, they found skeletons of giants,
just as mentioned earlier.
Real giants.
Yeah, humanoid cyclops giants, about 18 feet tall.
I mean, they weren't nothing crazy or ridiculous,
not King Kong size.
You know, that'd be like 25 feet.
These were eight, biggest one was 18, 15 to 18 feet.
Wow.
And they were also tall.
Not only did they have a lot of legs, but they were very, very high.
Yeah, very high.
In those days.
They only needed one eye.
They were so high.
Two eyes would have been, you know, a duplication of effort.
Pointless.
And right where the pineal gland used to be.
They didn't need two eyes to see in 3D, you see.
If you were a true subgenius, a true son and daughter of the Yeti,
you'd be able to see in 3D with just one eye.
The great Snavely Eklund has shown us how well you can drive
with only one operative eye and a tank of nitrous in the back of your car
with a hose running to the front seat all the way from Little Rock to Dallas
with about an inch of nitrous left by the time he got there.
And he was still alive.
Proof.
You only need one eye if you've got a tank of nitrous.
And if you're Snavely,
you'll probably survive and keep that one remaining correct eye.
And if you are other people,
you could end up in the middle of someone's living room
as a couple of other friends of ours do.
That's right.
Yeah, but they only had one or two balloons
and they were driving a car across a neighborhood.
They weren't driving a pickup truck with a tank,
a medical grade giant, you know,
all month long tank of nitrous and inhaled it successfully.
No, those amateurs, who I won't name,
but they've been on subgenius stages before in the past.
Absolutely.
They did decide to do a hit of nitrous while driving
and they awoke in someone else's bedroom.
They were still in their car,
but they were in a bedroom in their car.
Did they go to jail for that?
I think they drove through the living room window
and the people that were watching TV
just had a real...
Really big surprise that evening.
Yep.
Kids, you know, if you're going to blow your brains out on drugs, please stay home.
Or, you know, maybe get on the roller coaster ride at the state fair.
That's fun.
Unless you're me.
It's going to be okay.
This music in the background.
Oh, yes.
This music.
What is that music behind the rolling reptile?
It's the mysterious Christian Blatter again.
This is another one of those Blatter shows.
It's the same one we did about a month ago.
It's interesting.
It's digital or it's electronic music, but done on analog keyboards and stuff.
Not programmed in.
It's actually fingers touching strings.
Like the Devo's did back in the Devo days.
In the Devonian.
Yes, there's real meat involved in cutting the cursor.
There's no individual, you know, screwing around with plans and programs and stuff like that.
Especially no sampling because he's tasted the wine already.
He knows what to head.
Well, and the other thing you can do is insert one of those long lobotomy needles down up the nasal.
Oh.
Or the eye, the corner of the eye.
You can get to the brain.
And if you know just where to wiggle it,
ooh, you can tickle people with your poke around the parts of their brain.
They'll suddenly feel like one of their legs is on fire.
And they'll feel like their hand is 40 miles away.
And it's like what they used to talk about LSD.
If you can get, you know, I'm talking about safety, kids.
This is empty.
You want to make sure you dip the needle.
Needle in peroxide or alcohol or something before you insert it up into your brain, your forebrain.
And, of course, don't try to reach all the way to the back of your brain.
If you do that, you'll forget how to breathe.
Promise.
Yeah, no breast clonking or otherwise messing with your pineal gland because that's already being taken care of,
at least in the stupor wing of the building.
Right.
We're taking care of that with this show right now.
Right.
Well, we're hoping to anyway because there are millions and billions.
Billions.
There's millions and millions and millions of people out there.
Not listening to this show.
Right.
Well, I'm acutely aware of that.
And we can't help those people because they can't, won't help themselves.
Bob helps those who helps themselves.
To another helping a pie.
Damn good pie.
Did I mention we watched Twin Peaks?
We started watching Twin Peaks again.
It just doesn't seem that weird anymore.
Seems like a documentary about any ordinary small town that I've ever been in.
Yeah, it's like all the weird wore off.
Yep.
Or it wore off onto everything else.
Yes.
The shock value is definitely gone and they replaced it with reality shock.
Right.
In which there is no more reality because there's so much shock.
In which case I must reconsider and ask that these four people, if you want to call them that,
be sentenced to immediate enclosure.
Yeah.
In a place that they don't like.
That's what I say.
And the whole time it was Bob that killed Laura Palmer.
Or tried.
But then they went and replaced Bob with her dad, Leland Palmer.
And then the show went way downhill after that.
He'd be humping on that coffin.
Next thing you know, they jumped the shark.
Just turned silly after that.
It was just silly.
Whatever.
After they explained Bob.
Yes.
Bob.
Oh, he's a demon that possessed this girl's father.
So the guy goes out and kills people.
So?
What, are you going to make a TV show about that?
Yeah, really.
What's it?
Well, you know, 13 weeks, that whole thing is gone there.
Except for the coffin humping, which, you know, you get millions and millions of replays
on your Facebook and so forth.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yep.
That's all.
That's all YouTube is.
Is cats and coffin humping.
Yep.
Funny cat stuff and coffin humping serial killer dads.
Oh, yeah.
And also choking on olive pits, I guess, is a new one too.
Oh, really?
Is that a new trend?
Yeah, I guess.
Is that trending?
Well, they did that in Breaking Bad.
So all the kids are doing it now, choking on olive pits.
Yeah.
And in the holiday celebrations, there's a lot of, you know, olives around and they're
trying to be fancy and have the ones with the pits in them.
I'm going to be cool like that one guy that died on that one TV show.
Yeah.
I'm going to turn blue and get real high before I die.
Now I'm going to be on TV.
They'll talk about me on Rush Limbaugh's show.
They'll call me a gun control hero.
I'm an anti-gun control hero because I choked to death on this stupid olive pit.
Rush Limbaugh's my favorite show.
I'm sorry if I wrongly characterized fans of popular talk radio shows, unlike this one.
Couldn't be less like this one.
Oh, friends, if you could only see Reverend Stan.
Oh, yeah.
I'd hate to put down, yeah.
Oh, my God.
You know, it's offensive to we southerners when people do that sort of, you know, redneck
thing as if everybody from the South was some kind of troglodytic throwback who, you know,
believes everything they tell themselves in bed at night.
Huh?
Yeah.
With some good cracking snapper with no teeth, chawing at your ear about some stupid thing
he heard of 2,000 years ago, which ain't no good in any other place in the world but there.
Well, and the thing is, people act like, oh, we're all southerners like that.
No.
Everybody's like that.
They just don't have the same accent.
I thought we were going to start talking about Tennessee Williams and Faulkner and stuff
like that.
Oh.
Instead, no.
It was actually kind of before my time.
It was all Crum and S. Clay Wilson and Gilbert Shelton and Robert Williams by the time I was
in high school.
They forget all those Hemingway dudes and old-timey Fitzgerald .
Oh, my God.
The reason I know that's all that-
You are on a university radio station at this present moment.
How dare you attack the great John F. Kennedy.
I like the giants of American literature, especially one swell foop without your foot
in the can.
It's just a hard . . . you know, I don't . . .
I like the giants of American literature, especially the ones who leave skeletons in
our basements.
Giant, huge, 18-footed, 18-foot-tall, millipede, Cyclops monster men.
It's the English professors that I get upset about and it's because they're so easy to
a fool. I didn't read
any of those novels
that I got straight A's on my essays
about. I just heard
I listened to whatever
kind of
highfalutin baloney
the English teacher was
attributing to these various
great American and
British novels and things.
I'd hear him say that
and I'd just reword it slightly
in an essay and because I'd said
what he said, he'd give me an A+.
Even though it was a bunch of nonsense.
So kids, here's the thing.
You don't need to study.
Just listen to what the
teacher says and tell him what he
wants to hear. You don't
have to know or remember
any of it. Only long enough to
tell him what he wants to hear. And you know what he wants
to hear. You know,
pi to 195 decimals.
Sure, whip it out.
He's not going to ask you again.
And you've been there a couple times. You know what the
sucker wants. A lot of them want to be loved
by the students. That's all they want.
They just want love. They want your
attention, your affection. Hey, and you know, that's
going to cost them a little bit of seniority. Things happen
in there and maybe next year they'll get tenure
and stuff if they get more students saying
this class was great. The guy gave
me an A and I was an idiot.
Right.
Well, that's how schools work now.
Everybody's happy.
Everybody's flunky.
Nobody can read. They all give each other
A's.
And everybody's happy.
And they go to get a job
and they take
to go, I don't
really know what I want to do, so I'll join the army.
We know it was, didn't we
know somebody who
his kid took the test
to see
if you're smart enough to be
in the army
and flunked. And this
was somebody who just graduated from
a fancy schmancy
Ohio high school.
And could not pass the test
to get in the army.
The army!
Do you happen to know this school district
this student received his
poor education?
No, I don't remember.
Do you know?
No, I don't know. It's not ringing any bells.
You would not want to say it because it is a rumor
and if you were to say it was X, Y,
or Z high school, then perhaps
they could sue you.
Well, it could be worse. It could be Texas or Kansas.
But...
Oh, yeah.
I guess we'd all be like that down there
right away, wouldn't I?
You know, they'd all be substandard
and therefore subgenius, I guess.
But how important
is it to have
correct grammar in this day and age?
Obviously, it doesn't
help you to get a job
as a proofreader for the newspaper
or the websites
because they let anything get by.
Anything, just about.
Even in the headlines.
I'm a grammar nerd.
I'm a grammar Nazi, you see.
Pity us grammar Nazis
because there's so few of us left.
We're a dying breed.
Well, I will not pity you
because we're so well hated.
You've accused me of being a retard
numerous times and yet I
am also a grammar Nazi to some degree.
And, you know,
I just went off on people
sometimes like, no, that's not
the way to close a quote.
That's stupid.
That's stupid.
That's stupid to people.
You don't tell them that they're dumb
because they made a mistake.
Many other people, maybe once at one time,
I said, irregardless isn't a word.
Irregardless isn't a word.
And they just looked at me like,
Dave, please calm down.
You're under too much stress right now.
Well, just a couple of nights ago,
Princess Wee was furious
because in her, she was
sending out a newsletter about
Starwood or something.
She wanted to use the phrase,
gift your friends with a ticket to Starwood.
Well, the top
grammar Nazi of the club went,
you can't say that.
It's not gift, it's not a verb.
And I lost my temper.
I said, fine, fine.
I'll just change it.
At least the grammar will be right.
It won't be as cool, but at least the grammar will be right.
But then I sided with the other
grammar Nazi and said, Princess Wee,
frankly, I'm one of those people when I hear somebody go,
and then you can gift your friend with,
I just want to scream.
That's a,
a phrase that people started using
about 10 years ago.
Somebody must have said it on some
Saturday Night Live thing
or something, some billboard
or, you know, gift.
Suddenly it was a verb
and everybody was saying it.
But that's okay.
That's okay because it's all good.
I'd like to do some things to some people
and then say, well, is it still all good?
He said it was all good.
Look at what I'm showing you.
Is it all good?
Look at this picture of this child
with this being done to it.
Now tell me, say that phrase again.
I love that phrase. It's all good.
Well, if you wanted to do that,
the response, all is well,
would not be that good either.
So, you know,
you have to at least fornicate your pillow
with that every night just before you dream off.
I mean, I could,
I could just as well say,
it's all tragic.
That'd be just about as accurate.
Not everything is tragic.
Every now and then something really good happens.
Well, according to the great yogis,
all is suffering
because of fear of potential
suffering.
Oh, man, I'm sorry.
The only thing we have to fear is
fear itself.
And large, large alligators in the backyard.
And, yeah,
and fascist troops knocking the door.
And thinking the wrong thoughts.
These are all the only thing we have to worry about
is worry.
Well, Dr. Sinister
just walked in, completely uninvited,
just sat right down at the mic.
What you gonna do about it?
Joel did that earlier.
Like, okay, Joel, your show's over.
Well, I guess not for him.
Yeah, now we've got Dr. Sinister here.
And then Dave goes and calls in
as if just, oh, let's just call up
and interrupt Prince of Wales.



Princess Wee's interesting reading
of that kook newsletter.
Now, the only reason anyone knows that I'm here
is because you told them.
That's right.
I was in ghost mode.
I was sitting in front of a microphone
with headphones on.
Well, mainly I just wanted to hear
what Lonesome Cowboy Dave was saying.
No one else knew that until you.
I was just gonna ask Dr.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, too.
Don't be sorry, Dave.
I might have just added sound effects for you or something.
Or nothing.
I'm sorry about everything.
Well, I thought that Dr. Sinister
was at least gonna talk a little bit about
the ghosts
of the former CPN studios there,
which are now CSB Studios.
The ghost of Bobby Jackson walks these halls.
That must be an inside joke
for Clevelanders or something.
I just read this in the Plain Dealer today
that he died last week.
He was the host of a jazz program on CPN.
Oh.
And it was a good one, too.
Somebody died?
Imagine that.
Imagine that.
What a terrible thing.
What if that happened to me someday?
Oh, thank goodness that one.
I don't have to...
Every five minutes,
I go through that realization.
Well, what am I worried about?
Oh, yeah, that's right.
It's father for fun.
That's where humor comes from.
More, more, more, more, more, more, more.
Ah, mortality.
Cool, man.
That's when a huge 100-ton weight
like in a Monty Python thing
falls down on the guy.
After he sings that.
He's wearing a tuxedo
and he has a real long nose
that's pointed up at the end and stuff
and a pair of like real small bifocals.
Kind of like a...
Oh, never mind.
Well, you know,
the difference between those clever Monty Python shows
and reality shows now
is that now,
they really do drop a 20-ton weight
on some jerk.
Yes.
Who's, you know,
who's signed a release
to have that be done.
And they sell dead parrots and everything
and then people come back
and they complain, you know,
you said you used to sleep
and stuff like that.
It's just pining for the fjords.
Yeah.
Yeah, and they have people
that come in sometimes
and not...
Well, they don't come in
and we see them now on the streets
hitting themselves on each side
of the head with bricks.
No, those are their...
Smartphones.
Oh, yeah, okay.
I was wondering what they were doing.
Listen, there's some certain video games
where you have to beat your head
in time to music.
Pun, pun, pata, pun, pun, pun.
Oh, no, no, it's pata, pata, pun, pun, pata, pun.
Oh, no, it's good.
You sound like an evil music teacher, man.
I wouldn't know.
I never had any music teacher.
Well, you can imagine
a mean old lady going,
pata, no, it's pata, pata, pata,
not pata, pata, pata, pata, pata, pata.
Not pata, pata, pata.
It's pata, pata, pata, pata, pata, pata, pata.
And that's usually
when they expire one day.
You come to lessons
and stuff like that.
Oh, Mrs. Hopsburg
already passed away.
She's gone the way
of the Grand Dukes and Dutchies.
You know, you have to get
into an argument with a bicycle
or some other freaking appliance.
Let's go.
I think Christian Blatter owes an explanation to the Devo's.
Yeah.
The Devo's owe an explanation to who?
Kraftwerk or somebody?
Yeah.
They were always talking about David Bowie.
Now, who is this that we're listening to?
An unknown Christian Blatter.
Christian Blatter.
Yes, a subgenius.
Named Christian.
Yeah.
Well, who knows?
Right.
Well, I'll be wrong.
I haven't known me with that name.
Bob.
Bob from the Devo's was telling me one time, he was talking about David Bowie and how great David Bowie was.
I was going, what does that have to do with the Devo's?
And he said, well, Devo is the thinking man's Dave Bowie.
What?
What?
I just never, I don't, that doesn't, I don't.
It depends on what you're thinking about.
I guess so.
Yeah, really.
Music critics can take a lot of leaps, and it's kind of like, which direction am I going to go here, you know?
And let's go north and create some sort of analogy that doesn't go with anything.
Now, here's some inside gossip about Devo, okay?
I was helped on one of their music videos.
There was a set of an alleyway.
And Sprite, there was different.
There was graffiti Sprite painted on the set.
And including a praise Bob, I think.
But very, Jerry Casale insisted that the phrase three way is best be seen clearly.
And I kind of looked at him funny.
He goes, well, you know, that's really what Devo's all about.
I mean, if you could like sum up what Devo's all about in one phrase, frankly, just between you and me, that's really it.
Three.
Three is best.
Are they talking about chili?
No, he's talking about chili.
Yeah, yes, Dr. Sinister.
That's right.
That's all there is.
In the world of Malay or perhaps in this clan, he envisioned a world where there were three sexes.
And there was an obfuscating third unit, which kind of was an attractive middle force for these other two sexes, which are very, very, very difficult to understand.
I could tell you another Devo gossip story having to do with that very thing, which the self-same Jerry Casale boasted to me loudly in a restaurant so that everybody was kind of turning their head and going, whoa.
It was a story of a groupie that the day after he was told that this groupie that had serviced him in some way was, in fact.
A post-operative transsexual and had been born a boy.
Even better than the real thing.
And Jerry loudly proclaimed, and I said, no wonder it was so dry.
Oh, that is a very, very unusual story.
Here's another Devo restaurant story.
Sitting in Spago's in Los Angeles.
You can tell.
At one time, I was.
A more prosperous sort of individual.
Sitting in Spago's in L.A., Mark Mothersbaugh poured out fake sugar and cut it into lines.
And just left it on the table.
And we started getting some really dirty looks.
They were probably envious looks, this being rich restaurant in Los Angeles.
Right, Los Angeles, yeah.
Yeah.
But, I mean, the funny thing is Mark Mothersbaugh wasn't doing any drugs at all in those.
At least in those days.
I don't know about now.
But in those days, he was pretty straight edge.
And so, he could afford to draw that kind of attention.
Because he was just pranking.
But I think the other guy we were with was very upset.
Because he probably had the real thing in his pocket.
Oh, well.
So, there's my rock star gossip.
I've gone and I've shown my age.
And then, did you know Frank Sinatra had one of those colostomy bags?
I had to clean his colostomy bag at one time.
And then, Gwar, they're all morphodites.
Every one of them.
I walked into a room and Mick Jagger was in bed with Paul McCartney.
And Guillermo del Toro.
That was strange.
He was only about eight.
Well, the three way is best.
Yeah, three way is best.
There you go.
That's the moral of all rock bands.
Baby chastisers.
You know, that puts a different kind of slant on the whole thing.
When you realize that infantilism is a very, very important part of transsexual behavior in the rock and roll business.
It is not.
Oh, now he made poopy again and we have to clean it up again.
Where's the diaper read?
And I guess that makes him very happy.
Where's the diaper ration ointment?
I meant that.
I wasn't being facetious.
Where is the diaper ration ointment?
I misplaced it.
It wasn't my pocket.
I think it's a ratio of seven to five.


You know you want bag bomb.
What are you messing with that stuff for?
That's true.
Bag bomb is all you really need for anything.
Right.
Especially you want bag bomb from the Pleistocene era.
You want something that goes back a little bit.
So when you reach behind yourself there, you know history is behind you.
I'm sorry to be resonant.
At least official anyway.
I'm not looking at the right documents right now.
My head's upside down.
Well, why don't you use the eyes in the back?
You know, that's the way you can always watch your back.
Well, you know that the great god Kronos could look both backwards and forwards in his head.
And on the island of Crete here, many, many Cretans have adopted the same look, the style,
and the casual elan, let's say, of an early replica of a dothead.
Oh, yeah.
Right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
I mean, that's the way it is.

Well, I hope Miss Tori does her portrait of Lonesome Cowboy Dave while listening to this
show.
We have a friend who is talking about, she was kind of stuck for subject matter.
She wanted to do a painting.
I said, well, do a painting of what you think Lonesome Cowboy Dave looks like.
So I figured she didn't really, there aren't that many pictures of Dave out.
Unless you go to supermarkets a lot.
And you see him at point of purchase, all those magazines with Kim Kardashian.
But most people don't know that that's Dave.
He doesn't go by the same name.
If you do a search, I'll just bet you would find images of the Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
If you did a search, I'll bet you would find it.
You could Google it.
Yes, Google it.
Google Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Oh, I can do that right now, except that we got to get off the air in a second.
You had to remind her that her assessment was correct, except there is no more hair.
Yes, you may not have actual hair, but you have a hair aura, Dave.
It's really pretty thick and full.
People on the radio never look like you expect them to look, unless you're very, very highly trained psychic.
And here's the number to call right now.
I have my pencil poised.
It's the charge of the sub-G's.
I forgot the address.
Oh.
Constant.

Sarnet?
What is it?
What is the address of the church of the sub-G's?
Oh, you guys haven't memorized all that, have you?
No.
No, you are.
Oh, that's right.
Friends, you're listening to the Hour of Slack with the church of the sub-G's.
For more information, you can go to subgenius.com or write to, drop us a self-addressed stamp envelope to that post office box.
That's post office box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio, 410.

44118.
I'm typing in Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
God, what do you mean?
Yahoo search.
Amazon.com, Lonesome Cowboy Dave, Para-Ubu, MP3 downloads.
See, they have the song and not me, the character.
And then it says subgenius hour.
Oh, and there are pictures of Dave.
I told you.
There's the double mean baby head from the video I made.
There's Dave's song, the president's on the rag, or what was the name of that?
The president's on the phone.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, and then there's something called the Just Dave Band with a song called Lonesome Ornery and Mean.
So, you know, that's it.
That's the internet for you.
Well, with that, we really need to wrap up because this is the end of the hour of slack.
And it's time to wrap this baby up.
Yeah.
Buenas noches.
Todo cual.
Okay.
Okay.
Mulky, pokey, pot and tame.
Okay.
Mulky, pokey, pot and tame.
Yeah, send me an email.
Send me an email so I can see if I'm still emailable.
Reverend Stang is looking at a cat on the internet.
Oh, yeah.
Did your computer turn on and go online?
It turned on and I was...
I was capable of emailing myself, but I don't know about anything else in the mind myself.
Okay, yeah.
If you like emailing me tonight, that would be really swell.
And if not, well, screw that, man.
I don't care.
You know.
Okay.
I wrote it on my hand, even though writing on your hand is what causes cancer.
And Alzheimer's.
Yeah.
Oh, that's right.
It's Alzheimer's, not cancer.
Yes, it's the Sharpie.
Licking postage stamps causes cancer.
Right.
It's writing on your hand that causes Alzheimer's.
Get your urban legends together, dude.
I did both.

I did both, and that's my problem.
See, the postage stamps didn't cause cancer back when they made the glue out of horses.
Right.
Yeah.
It was nutritious then.
It just made you...
It just eventually turned you French from consuming horse products.
It make you me.
Oui, oui.
Oui, oui.
And with that, I say doo-doo and goodbye.
Goodbye, Dave.
And I hope there's no cussing on this record I'm leaving on.
Bye, Dave.
Stronger than the people that we are, set flight.
They ignite.
They ignite.










Let's move forward.

This is our final hour.
Let's all hold our hands.
As the world falls apart, together we'll stand.
Let's stand together.
Let's all hold our hands.
Let's all hold our hands.
As the world falls apart, together we'll stand.
They're all ready.
Yeah.
You ever heard of Queen of Lies.















Goodbye.
Submarines, Submarines, 666-Fantasy.
