The Subgenius Hour of Slime.
Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Yes, yes.
Yeah, man.
Yeah, man.
Is everything good and cool or terrible and horrible or both?
Both. I thought you might say both, but I was going to tell you it's both.
Yeah. Why not both?
Well, I went into town to walk the dogs someplace new.
I noticed a big sign, an electric sign that they can change that usually says,
Welcome to Glen Rose.
It said, We are Texas Strong.
Wash your hands.
And right across the street was my vet, and he has a similar sign.
And his said, Wash your paws.
Yeah, I'm happy to love that.
Yeah, wash your paws.
Well.
Scrub their foreheads real good and everything.
I was going to wash my paw, but he's now resting eternally in an eternal plane.
Yeah.
Well, I get out of it when somebody says, Wash your paws.
It means go scrub your parents down because there's a reason for all your problems right there.
Oh, your paws.
All my grandpais.
My grandpas.
Well, I can't hush them down either.
It's weird how they sell it different ways than here in Ohio.
We'll get through all this together.
We're one thing, and we're not one thing, are we?
No.
No.
No.
We're a thing, but.
Well, we've been talking about X Day.
You know, it was kind of a conundrum as to what we were going to do.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.










Yeah.
Yeah.


We're talking about some season seven, season seven, season seven 신뢰 restoration.
Yeah.
It was like, What?
Just kidding.



Hmm-mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Uh, yeah, yeah.

Yeah.
I don't even tell you what it's called to check it out, I want to fast track things
for you and I should just say thing on the way because I do not want to do that for you.
Well, you have a button that's fantastic.

Yeah, you do it if and when you leave the building.
What's that?
Oh, that's the signing.


All the famous chefs will be making stuff every...
Yeah, it's a great idea.
Yeah, Cruise Ship X Day.
April 15th.
We'll let everybody know which ship it is,
and they can rush in their cars down to whatever port it's leaving from.
Yeah, and everybody who boards or disembarks has to wear a conundrum.
Well, since it's X Day, we know that we won't be coming back anyway.
But I've been wearing my conundrum on my face.
I was the second person I've seen in this town doing that.
But then suddenly yesterday, all the old people were wearing bandanas and stuff,
and nobody else, just us oldsters.
I have a feeling, you know, another couple of days...
If all those oldsters were wearing bandanas,
we're all playing.
We're playing Brave Cowboy Pete, you know what I mean?
Right, yeah.
They had those little toy six-guns and stuff.
Stick them up, baby!
In Texas, they actually do carry six guns.
Sometimes.
In real life, that doesn't happen much.
They keep them hidden.
Well, what could be more real than...
Yeah.
I kind of understand what you're saying, but...
I need more forgiveness.
I need more...
irreprehensible behaviors to forgive and forget.
Well, forgetting is easy.
Forgiving.
Well, it doesn't matter once you forget.
Yeah.
That's what I was trying to say.
Believe it or not.
I'm trying to decide whether to tell my doctor tomorrow
I'm going to get a Medicare checkup.
I'm trying to decide whether to tell him
I want to be...
I'm trying to decide whether to tell him
I want to be tested for Alzheimer's.
I don't think that I have it yet,
but I want the pills they give you for it.
They help your memory.
And it's like, well, how come I can't have those pills?
I've heard about those pills.
No.
But really, for X Day,
I mean, for all we know,
nobody will be allowed to travel at all in July.
Or maybe it'll kind of peak and be over with,
but I don't think so.
I think it's going to...
There's going to be a lot of repercussions.
Plus, everybody's going to be totally broke.
You know that's going to happen.
I already am.
You are.
Just take a drive through any small town in the USA
and every place is closed.
Just think of all those bartenders and whiskey drivers
that used to hang out in the Knott's Wheel Station
and can't find their way back home.
It's horrible.
Some of them are being...
experimental and adventurous about it.
For instance, in Portland,
there was a strip club that was losing all kinds of business,
so they decided to have home delivery.
And you can order food,
and a stripper or two will come and strip for you
at your doorway or whatever.
And it's called Boober Eats
from the Lucky Devil nightclub.
Well, that's...
Yeah.
That's good.
They said...
This is Portland.
They said that most of the people they deliver to
seem to be very, very stoned.
So...
Yeah.
Go figure.
But, you know, here's the thing.
For the subgeniuses that have their membership card
in their pocket anyway,
the men from Planet X know our addresses.
We tend to forget...
Oh, I'm coughing on you.
We tend to forget that...
that we don't have to be at some campground
with a bunch of other idiots.
We can rupture in place.
Yeah, and we're familiar idiots.
We don't have to be with...
Let a thousand little X days bloom, Onan said.
Bob led you all the way to the poorly equipped fallout shelter.
Now laugh.
Did we say fully equipped fallout shelter?
No.
We meant...
Say poorly equipped fallout shelter.
So...
Yeah.
The other thing we can do is the virtual type thing
where you just turn on your computer
and use one of those teleconferencing programs
that the government watches you on.
Yeah.
And then we can...
Everybody can party and laugh till their lungs bleed
and, you know, stay home to know what they really think.
And you can mock the government,
but people and stuff like that,
and they can come right back on you and say,
ha-ha, that's a good one and stuff like that.
Yeah.
Yeah, we've had some new slogans,
like too much toilet paper is always better than not enough.
Yeah, I think everybody agrees with that.
So we're offering a fully expense-paid trip to X day.
In your own home.
In your own pants.
Yeah, the pants.
So, um...
Pants.
Yeah, this will...
Oh, Bob prophesied that there would become a great time
of false slack for the masses.
Yeah.
It's interesting.
Some of them are going nuts
trying to live the way I have for the last 25 or 30 years.
Fully self-quarantined, you know.
Yeah.
Self-starter.
Well, who would have thought the world was going to come to end
with a pile of bat poop?
Yeah, right.
I mean, I thought it was going to be a bunch of nucleus explosions
and people beating on drums and banging on highways and stuff.
Nope.
Yep.
Ends with a whimper.
Everybody will...
The world will end and everybody will be dressed like that guy
in Life, the Universe, and Everything.
The restaurant at the end of the galaxy or whatever.
In bathrooms.
Throats.
Douglas Adams or whatever his name was.
Yeah.
Everybody will go to outer space in their bedclothes.
Night...
Night...
Nightgowns.
Now, Father Joe Mama,
I actually got a paper letter from him the other day.
Oh, geez.
I ought to spray it down.
He's in Florida.
And he said...
He pointed out that this all makes perfect sense.
The conspiracy knows that this is the year of the actual landings
of the men from Planet X,
so they designed this disease to shut down X-Day
so none of us can escape.
And those few who still manage to board the saucers
will die from this thing in space.
As he said,
this is the mentality of crazy conspiracy types
who commit suicide by walking out on a ledge
hoping others will try to help
so they can grab them before jumping and killing them too.
Maybe that's why Bob is using the saucers
to swoop down and rescue these innocents.
Who are taken unwillingly along for the suicide ride.
And then we must ponder...
Would Bob want to save a subgenius who almost died trying to save a pink?
No.
Or is he? Yes?
Which answer is it?
I don't know yet.
I don't know.
Who knows what Bob will do?
Who knows what works in the heart of Bob?
I notice once again that everything resembles the prelude to Neighbor World.
Yeah.
Nobody goes to work anymore.
Nobody...
Everything is in there.
But I didn't say it was caused by a great resurrection
or by a great insurrection.
By a great, you know, chicken wire.
Bad poop.
Yeah, no, they...
But it was predicted in other sci-fi books
over and over and over again.
But, you know,
I have faith in...
I have faith that everybody's going to die someday.
But you're right.
Well, at least false hope.
You're not on the internet as much as I am.
But I promise you it is getting to be a lot more like Neighbor World.
In fact, I spent a couple of hours yesterday teleconferencing with subgeniuses.
We were supposed to be talking about X-Day and what we're going to do.
But of course, it was like this show, you know, it just went all over the place,
except where it was told to go.
Supposed to go.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And today, Princess Wee was doing a Starwood brainstorming session with the same program.
There were a lot more of them than there were subgeniuses.
They were just...
You know, it...
And they were younger, too.
Is it like Skype where you can see the person you're assaulting or...
Yeah.
In this case, it's one called Zoom, which works better than the other one called Discord or...
Ss...
Ss...
Ss...
Ss...
Yeah.
Um...
But it also has security problems.
And you can assume that, you know, when you stick that frot pipe in your mouth,
that they're sending a picture of it to the local constabulary.
On the other hand, they may have better things to do this month.
You know, like stop the looters.
We would hope so.
So...
Yeah, it's pretty dismal and geek.
Pretty dark out there.
Pretty dark.
Oh, no kidding.
It's going to get worse.
Uh...
Well, so it predicts the regular media saying this would be the worst week of everything
in the whole world.
It's going to be worse.
I didn't hear that.
Well, they say that about every week, you know, because of scenes.
I'm having trouble understanding your speech.
Well, because it's not real speech.
It's mufflage.
Yeah, that sounds a lot better, Dave.
Yeah, I was holding the phone closer to my ear.
I'm coaching you, man.
I'm coaching you.
You gotta...
Remember, I'm deaf.
I'm just guessing what you're saying.
And I'm a little worried about the audience, too.
They're getting old.
Some of them.
Yeah.
I guess...
I mean, no.
Yeah.
Some may not get a chance.
I already got the chance, Boomer.
Okay, Boomer.
Very funny.
Well, it could be to some people.
It fit in your head.
It wouldn't fit that —
I think that
the reporter out there kidding some of your friends cast my name interested because they
were a little追ed by lottery tickets too,orns and they are getting shocked.
I mean, this is a business conversation that is not my thing.
Yeah, I would have liked it.

Okay, well, do you want them to understand
its real sense, even though you can make use of one more stand-up now and then say,
well, there are no bad erstmal benefits.
It's all that good stuff now.
People should release a Eles님 film because you cured Bei mais do Edenschen, right?
lifespan and and and the the smarty pants people practically quit reproducing so yeah you know
there you go i did my job i did my part i really so did you we both reproduced we had to have help
from another person another human being unfortunately a certain kind of human being
couldn't just be any human being so uh and then they then they had went and doubled so my man
my grandkids haven't been to school in a month and uh they're going kind of nuts and and sending
little videos and texts and things they have there's a little kid version of messenger that's
like kid messenger or something it's i don't know what the difference is a little simpler to use i
guess you don't have as many options i can't send pornography on it i know you've tried t
there's plenty of oblongs you could send i said
i sent out a picture of my hideously bruised and veiny forearm once to to show what it was like to
be on blood thinners and a bunch of people got in trouble because the facebook robots
interpreted that forearm with a fist at the end of it as something bad and evil that men carry
and well yeah and the people i sent it to got warnings
stuff on your
computer instead of saying forearm you should have said foreskin and everybody would have understood
you there you go yeah i said i said at least 20 pictures of my foreskin every week at least you
still have a foreskin well i do aren't you so now we went and put that in the audience's head
but it looks just the same as my forearm with the bruises and veins all over it so what's the
and fingers on the end
you know some people
suddenly forced to stay at home might
read
but rather than really reading i think most of them are kind of
thumbing and quote writing unquote oh my god this background music's my favorite part
i'm gonna turn it on wow i can't hear it i know
well i i won't leave it up
it sounds great though i mean although i can't hear it i'm gonna turn it on
it's um wendy carlos doing uh bach the brandenburg concertos oh and this is concerto number two
which is my favorite in the allegro part is my favorite part so i actually know some smarty pant
stuff yeah like allegro means happy and stuff like that yeah and disturbo means mentally ill
and yeah i can read all that stuff
sotto voce means soft voice
kakasoto
means quiet pooh pooh
i could play anything from sheet music on a piano if i'm given enough time between notes
you know i have to count
that's what they call practicing scales thing you got to get down there and practice your scales
yeah well there's several things that i'll let my friends do like draw and sing and play guitars
and write books and well you didn't write
a couple of books well i edited a couple of books i've spliced together a lot of sentences
well you can oversee you can oversee the hanging of a new well drilling
well that's actually the one thing we need energy said that again we need energy so we any kind of
times you can drill oil wells and stuff like that or natural gas
i've had natural gas since i was six years old so probably longer than that you just don't remember
I bet your mama did.
I bet your mama did.
What the hell's a mama did?
Is it like a thermometer?
I tried to buy a thermometer the other day.
They said they were all sold out.
Oh, they probably sold out of everything important that sick people need.
Masks.
Yeah, masks and thermometers.
What if they were all just making fun of us?
We're all going to die anyway.
You could wear a bright coupon or flowers on your head and it will save you.
Where are the rules in your ear?
Oh, well, there's a whole lot of that going around.
The National Enquirer had a headline last week that said,
Cures for coronavirus you can make at home out of common household items.
You know, they should be arrested for that.
Yeah.
There's an entire news organization that should be arrested for that.
And I suppose it's possible it could happen.
If there's enough of a class, if enough people died from Fox News' advice
they could sue Fox News.
Of course, Trump was the one who told them to say that that pointless, useless chemical is the cure.
There ain't one.
The cure is...
An old band.
Is to join the church of the subgenius.
You may not live, but by golly, at least you'll go to a better class of hell than anybody else.
It's better than anybody else's heaven.
And it's just, when you go to subgenius hell, that's just to get you prepared for the intense slack of subgenius heaven.
It's like New Orleans Mardi Gras purgatory or something.
Yeah.
They just had Mardi Gras, didn't they?
They tried to.
Yeah, and so that's why it's a hot spot.
We all need hot spots these days.
Our hot spot here in Glen Rose is the...
Comanche Peak Nuclear Power Plant, which twice a year, hundreds of people from out of town have to come here to repair the thing.
And they shut one reactor down and clean it all out.
And then they fire it back up and shut the other one down and clean it all out.
And it takes a lot of infected people from out of town.
And boy, the locals are like, you've got to be real careful.
There's going to be people coming here from Dallas with them viruses and stuff.
So we better go to church and pray.
They're actually holding drive-in church services here at the Cowboy Church up the road.
This is like an old drive-in movie?
Yeah.
I almost went this morning.
I thought, well, I wouldn't have to talk to anybody.
I have one good friend who goes to the Cowboy Church.
And she'd keep him from killing me.
But you just park in your car and it's like a drive-in.
And I guess the preacher's got a big speaker.
And I guess he just stands on the front porch and hollers.
And they play cowboy gospel music.
That's the main reason I would go.
They have really good cowboy gospel bands there.
Yeah, like Bob Wills would be like St. John or something or St. Pete.
Yeah, yeah.
I really like that stuff.
It's very heartfelt.
So any real gospel, you know, the really swinging gospel stuff,
whether it's a black church or cowboy church or both,
that's some of the swinginest, rockinest music you can find.
Yeah.
In fact, there's a phenomenon now.
You've got to believe me on this because this is not a shtick.
This is true.
That European tourists like to go to African-American churches like in South Carolina
where they're real, you know, back where they used to be 300 years ago.
Yeah, my father used to do that.
They go there.
They go there.
They go there.
300 years ago.
Oh, okay.
He would stand outside the black churches in his neighborhood to listen to him sing.
And I've heard him sing those songs.
I kind of wish I had a tape recorder next to me at that moment.
He'd just suddenly spontaneously break out into this wild gospel singing
and not sounding like the South Carolina white man that he was at all.
Yeah, you better not walk too close to them churches on Sunday.
You will feel.
You will feel.
You're rectum vibrating.
Yeah.
I remember this was one of the most important.
I said, wow, this has got my whole body going.
Yeah, but he didn't go in.
See, that would have been bad form and everybody would have been shocked on both racial sides, I'm sure.
But he liked their music better.
He'd stand outside.
Maybe for all I know, doing some kind of soft shoe dance or something or sing along with them.
And they'd look out and he'd go, dude, it's that crazy white boy.
What is he doing?
What is that dancing?
Is that what he's doing?
Singing?
I just.
Or his feet moving or any.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, we're familiar with that.
But at least now in South Carolina, a lot of these churches are saying, you know, we've got the hottest gospel choir in the world.
But we don't want you coming here going, ooh, la la.
You know, saying all them funny French words.
Stuff like that.
Expected to have peach cobbler in the basement after everything's done with.
Well, no ma'am, no sir.
Well, nowadays it's practically illegal in a lot of places to have a church service unless it's by streaming video,
which half of the people don't even know what that means and don't have computers.
And then there's on the other hand, though, think.
But look at it this way.
There's going to be a whole lot less.
Less Republican voters in about five months.
A lot fewer of all kinds of voters, but especially Republicans, because they were they wanted to really show us what for by congregating and kissing the floors of their churches and, you know, going to NASCAR and Trump rallies and gun shows just to pwn us.
You know, just just to show the libtards what.
For and meanwhile, the libtards are hunkering inside their houses, hearing the other news.
Yeah.
Caves and trenches.
You know, I don't hide in news.
I only read news.
I won't look at news on TV or listen to it on the radio.
Well, I remember you saying you were not a follower, not a follower of Neil McClune ism.
But Neil McClune ism does indeed support.
What you just said.
Well, I don't have any problem with McClune and his weird baloney.
It's his fan club.
It's had certain members of his fan club are at least as bad as members of the God fan club.
And, you know, it's hard.
I hate to.
Yeah, I don't judge Jesus by bad Christians.

In fact, I don't.
I don't even think there was a Jesus.
How could I judge him?
Yeah.
So there's no census.
There's no census record to say if he ever did or didn't.
But they changed the census this year.
All they ask is, are you Mexican?
What kind?
And that's about it.
You know, really, it used to be how much you make.
What kind of car do you have?
How often do you, you know, masturbate?
Yeah.
Yeah.
All kinds of fun stuff to fill out.
Well, this thing took about 30 seconds online.
It's like, how many people are in your house?
You know, what kind of Mexican are you?
It really means what kind of Hispanic.
And there's about a zillion categories to choose from.
Yeah, I heard that.
And I don't understand why anything.
You know, if you're a mixture of things, you're supposed to say what kind of a mixture you are.
In my case, that was real easy.
Because I can.
Honestly.
Honestly, as we learn from a DNA test, I just, all I can say is English.
Or British Isles, actually, I should say.
Scotch-Irish English.
British Isles.
And Neanderthal.
Neanderthal.
I should have thrown that in.
I should have just put English slash Neanderthal.
Yeah.
Or really throw them off, say Denisovan, which is another early human variety.
Yeah.
At the same time as the Neanderthals, but over in the east.
Yeah, they're having all kinds of fun with Denisovans now.
Yeah.
Oh, they use tools.
And monkeys use tools.
Everybody uses tools.
Fish use tools.
And you wouldn't say a fish was smart, would you?
You might say they're mighty good eating, but not.
Octopuses are smarter than anybody in the ocean.
And they're mollusks.
Yeah.
They don't eat bollocks.
They don't eat bollocks.
They don't eat bollocks.



They don't eat bones.
You can go lobster's how smart they are, and we cook them every day.
Well, I don't feel bad about eating octopus, which I really love, because I learned that
they're cannibals.
So it's like, well, when in Rome, eat Romans.
Well, there goes that reason for not eating cannibals.
So, yeah.
I don't know who's...
We're subgeniuses.
We're not going to say who's smart.
We're just going to say who's cool.
Who's good.
Yeah, who tastes good.
And who's fun.
And, you know, who's the luckiest, not who's the smartest.
Where does smart get you?
Smart gets you nothing but misery.
Yeah, I give you five to ten and eleven worth, or twelve to five and twelve worth.
Yeah.
Man.
I don't think they're going to let the prisoners out in Texas.
They're already let the prisoners out in Ohio.
They did?
Yeah, they were.
Sixty was the magic number.
If you were over sixty years of age, if you have served a certain amount of time out of
the last sixty years, and something else that said sixty.
Oh, this is great.
You got to go.
Did they let murderers out?
No, no, no.
Murders or child molesters were allowed, but, you know, low, low, low, what you call it,
criminals.
Doesn't it just figure my imprisoned sister is fifty-nine and won't be sixty until November.
Great.
And her parole comes up in December.
And I just hired a parole lawyer for her using money that was donated by family and subgeniuses.
So we'll see.
Yeah.
But I don't think they're going to let anybody out here.
If they do, they, you know, they might let, hmm, you know, they might let, hmm, you know,
they might let rapists and junkies out, but not marijuana smokers or, you know, women
who went and had an abortion a little too late or illegally because they couldn't get
one legally or whatnot.
You know, it's kind of obvious that the powers that be are taking advantage of this chaos
to kind of try to lock down their permanent regime of right wing white supremacy.
Yeah, I've noticed that too.
You know, and they're basically erasing every single one of them.


They're erasing every single scientific advance that was instituted.
Like for instance, being ready for a pandemic.
They just hate anything scientific because that's related to smarty pants people, which
are mostly libtards.
Yeah, with their funny talk.
Yeah.
So what, you know, what can they do but hate?
Not really equipped to do much else.
I mean, their idea of science is mostly hearsay from other arch conservatives.
Is it Congressman Burr or Senator Burr?
Senator Burr.

Senator Burr.
Oh, that's even better.
Oh, but everybody's already...
It makes even more sense.
Yeah, a bunch of senators cashed in on the disaster.
And that was a couple of days ago.
Everybody's forgotten about it.
They just already moved on.
Oh no, what's the next big toilet paper joke?
Yeah.
The president who was so crappy that America ran out of toilet paper.
Yeah.
That's a good one.
That's a polite way of putting it.
I doubt if I'll put that on my bumper sticker, but it was a good one.
Dave, it's not original to me, believe me.
It's so obvious it's going around like other things that are going around.
Just think of the killing we could have made had we known ourselves.
We would have bought all kinds of toilet paper and sold all kinds of toilet paper.

Well, I did hoard a little bit early.
I started March 1st.
And one of the things I did buy extra of was toilet paper.
But I wasn't emptying the whole aisle or anything like that.
I just buy one extra package.
I've actually been doing that.
I buy one extra of almost everything.
And I now have seven boxes of stashed food like a Mormon.
I figure it's enough to last one month, which is half as long as I'd need to make it last.
I don't even got enough for a week.
I got to go out and get more.
Yeah.
Right.
I believe you.
I'm lucky I was able to stock up.
But like I say, I've been doing it little by little.
We did have one giant fell swoop shop where we spent over 200 bucks.
And that made me feel a little better.
That was after the military doctor told me what to do.
He said, get two months worth of stash of everything, including toothpaste, soap.
We have plenty of soap because we use Triology soap from triologiesoaps.com.
Manufactured by our friend Reverend Ferg.
And they have little Dobbs head inside.
Actually, a fairly big Dobbs head.
Little Bob, little Bob Bobble.
Well, it's a silhouette of a Bob head made of a more darker colored soap inside of a translucent soap.
And they all are scented.
I think you can get one that's not scented.
And that's the one I have to use.
I can't stand those deodorant smells, those chemical smells, the perfumes and armpit things.
Those things just.
I used to be.
Back when I smoked three packs of cigarettes a day, the detergent aisle didn't bother me a bit.
Now I can barely breathe in there.
Well, that's a sign that you haven't conflicted the detergent.
I haven't got the disease yet because you can smell all that stuff now.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, I haven't.
I haven't got the disease yet myself.
Probably.
Although, you know, a lot of us may have already had it and didn't even know, you know, had something like a cold back in December.
And that was it.
And we just didn't know.
That's what it takes to December.
Doesn't go to January or February.
How about February?
How about the middle of January?
I have several friends.
I have several friends who got deathly ill in early December.
All that with the severe body aches and high fever, could barely breathe, panicky attempts to breathe.
And they got tested for flu and it wasn't flu.
And all three of these people are.
Well, one's a mail carrier.
They touch everything.
One was a masseuse who goes to nightclubs every weekend.
So there's.
And I don't know about the other one.
Probably not like me.
So I rarely touch anybody except my dogs and my two old ladies.
My brother was standing six feet away from me the other day.
I didn't know whether he was kidding or not.
I think he was serious.
He was just probably figured, well, staying and we, they probably all been infected.
They're so huggy and always going into town, talking about it.
And people socializing and such, which is actually not all that true.
I am friendly.
I am friendly in town.
But you're not a socialist.
That's for sure.
Because if not, you'd be derided and decomposed for thousands of years now.
Yeah, right.
No, I'm a malice.
Who needs public libraries anyway?
Who needs public swimming pools or tennis courts?
Who needs public anything, you know?
Yeah.
Pull yourself up by your own bootstraps.
Yeah.
Yeah, and prove how worthy you are by how much money you got.
I'll take care of this section of road in front of my property.
Now pay me $20,000 to cross it.
Well, we laugh, but you know, these things have happened in Russia, China, Germany, Cambodia.
France.
Yeah, they're all over the...
Yeah.
These things happen when all the uneducated people suddenly decide to throw everybody
who's bilingual or wears glasses into an education camp or just a mass grave in the
case of the Cambodians.
Don't you think it's odd that all the world's leaders are all that are into this and telling
people what to do and when they can go to the bathroom and stuff like that are all right-wing
dictators?
Yeah.
From the Philippines.
Well, maybe not Germany for once.
But from the Philippines to the subcontinent.
I mean, they have a lot of people.






Oh, you know, it's a little bit like the Soviet Union.
It's on an autocratic regime everywhere.
Well, that's the only way you can do it.
Yeah.
That's what Bob said, anyway.
That's what we...
Yeah.
We all get to do that ourselves.
We'll get to be autocratic, totalitarian dictators on our own spaceship, or planet-sized spaceships.
Wear tights and king crowns and stuff.
And it's only two weeks away.
on the X-Day cruise ship.
It'll be packed.
Like sardines.
Yeah.
Yeah, man.
We defy the virus.
Listen back to me,
you devil-inspired virus.
We got the power of Bob.
We're just going to kiss each other
and have a great big orgy
and cough in each other's faces.
Just to show them devil viruses what for.
Therefore, there's people saying that
this very Sunday, I believe.
Oh, yeah.
In many, many churches.
Not just in the South, either.
Yep, and they're all pretty pregnant, too,
after all this time.
Look at it this way.
60% of them won't be voting.
Is that high?
They're that old and obese.
Think about it.
You know what the average Pobucker looks like?
They're either really obese
or incredibly skinny.
The skinny ones, by the way,
are called Monskos.
They're all of the Monsko-descended family.
And the obese ones are called Quaits.
Philo and I discovered this
when we drove to a campground
that was having a Quait family reunion.
And it was quite a sight.
It was a heavy view.
Let's put that.
I don't mean to fat shame anyone,
but I don't mean to fat shame anybody.
That's not my point here,
but it is a true fact
that Americans,
60% of Americans,
are overweight.
And the poorer they are,
oftentimes,
the more Twinkies they're eating
and sugar cereal
and cheap stuff, you know.
Well, you get your food stamps,
and you don't have to prepare the food.
You just shove it in your mouth
as quick as you can.
Yeah.
I will tell you a weird thing
that I saw on my street.
There's this guy that always flies
a Confederate flag.
And on the day that they started saying
things were going to be rough
and people couldn't believe
there was actually such a thing as a...
What are we going through right now?
Corona...
Surveys of violence, you called it.
Captain Trump's
Cove Theft 19.
The guy was dressed up
in full gorilla uniform
and had what looked to be
like a real AR-15.
Now, what...
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?

That's the only way he can feel special.
I'm sure at work,
everybody treats him like a bozo.
He's a powerless, ineffectual,
babbling idiot.
But he's got a gun.
So who's the dumb one?
Libtard?
Thought he was a libtard?
Yeah, because everybody knows.
I've actually read this numerous times.
Democrats don't have guns.
Oh, yeah, you're going to see a Democrat
riding his motorcycle.
He's got a motorboat around saving people
in flooded New Orleans.
Well, yes.
It's like, are you...
What kind of world do they live in?
Yeah, they live in a world of AM radio.
They're going to be really surprised
when they go expecting to take over
the homesteads of the libtards
and find out, by golly,
not only did the libtards have guns,
after all,
some of them are really crack shots.
Yeah, that would be funny.
Wouldn't it?
I mean, that would be...
Wouldn't that be gratifying?
Well, it wouldn't work in my situation.
I'd have to throw myself on the mercy
of my nephews and my brother,
who are all armed to the teeth.
All I have is this sort of bob,
which, unfortunately,
is just a very smelly old pipe.
Just think if they were all armed to the teats.
What kind of world would we have to live in?
An all-female world,
and after a while,
they wouldn't need arms.
They could just...
Or legs, even.
Any other body parts,
we wouldn't need them.
Yeah.
Well, you know,
some think,
well, if there were no men,
there wouldn't be any wars,
but come on.
There's always a dame
ready to fill that niche.
Yeah.
Just think the Amazons.
They were pretty feisty.
Yeah, especially that Wonder Woman.
Ooh-wee!
Ooh-wee!
You're making a funny smell sound.
Ooh-wee!
Ooh-wee!
Ooh-wee!
It's hard to disagree with that, you know?
Hey, wait, wait.
There's an army of feral hogs coming all of a sudden.
Ah, no!
This is what somebody called
the Church of the Sub-Jesus once.
An army of feral hogs.
Ooh-wee!
Oh, Princess Wee just arrived.
She's been out walking the dogs.
She's making a chocolate cake?
Uh, no, actually,
what we're eating,
now, is this cyanobacteria
called Nostoc,
which tastes like...
It's not very nutritious,
but it tastes like whatever it grows on.
So around here,
most of it tastes like dirt,
but I've been wondering how,
if we grew it on chocolate ice cream
or enchiladas,
how would the Nostoc taste?
They say it tastes like
whatever it's growing on.
They say that.
Welcome to the show, Princess Wee.
If we grew it on...
Chocolate.
There we go.
Cake!
Maybe it would taste like chocolate cake.
Yeah.
That's what you want to do.
Your mic has an on button.
Mine doesn't.
How about that?
I gave you the good one.
Wow.
I'm honored.
Yeah.
Wow.
I'm honored, too.
Yeah, she gets mic one.
I get mic two.
There's a mic three,
and then there's you, Dave.
Mic four.
Yeah.
Um, actually, you're, you're, uh,
coming through my iPhone,
but that's okay.
You know, we may end up doing, uh...
I was just hoping I wasn't coming through
your hippocampus or your, uh, uh,
you know, your anthrax or your other disease,
because then we could really, really be
really, really, really, really.
But...
Don't you wish we could get Dave
on one of those streaming parties?
Oh, yeah.
But, uh, Dave, you don't have a laptop
with a camera on it, do you?
I have a laptop, but all it's got in there
is, like, old digits, like, four and six and seven.
No camera?
It, it's...
I'm not gonna try to even go there.
I couldn't get G. Gordon Gordon to download Telegram
or any of those things.
He kept telling me,
no, it only works on iOS.
I'm like, no, it works on everything.
No, it only works on iOS.
Leave me alone.
He's like, hey, well, I guess we don't want him
in the forum anyway.
We've had, we've been struggling.
Well, at least nobody knows what you're talking about,
you know?
Huh?
At least nobody knows what you're talking about,
you know what I mean?
Oh, the young, the, the people with,
that are computer workers do.
Uh...
Man, I got a letter from somebody...
That doesn't mean you know what you're talking about
just because you're talking to another idiot.
Well, that's what the church's subgenius is all about.
It's like a sandbox full of idiots
just chattering away at each other.
Have you ever heard of the Puzzling Evidence show
or Hour of Slack?
Yeah.
Yes.
That's where they talk together.
All on top of each other all the time.
They're old pigs.
The great thing about this one video streaming program
is it automatically shuts off,
it only allows one person to talk at a time.
And it kind of forces people to have manners.
That, that wasn't working.
It wasn't.
To have manners?
Is that why I couldn't understand it?
Yeah, everybody was talking on top of each other.
Now, see, in the subgeniuses,
there were six or seven of us,
and that didn't happen.
Isn't that strange?
They must not be used to listening to subgenius radio shows
or they'd all be going,
oh, I thought we were all supposed to talk at once.
Buddy's trying to kill us.
It's rawhide time.
Oh, it is, yes.
Come on, boy.
Come on, boy.
Yeah, that's good.
Dogs keep...
At least Buddy will get what he needs in March.
Oh, yeah.
At least one of you.
Oh, God.
They keep us to a really tight schedule, man.
They tell me when it's time to work,
when it's time to quit working.
When it's time to take them for a walk.
When it's time to eat.
When it's time to play.
Yeah, they know all that stuff.
When it's time to rub...
It's because they got little clocks in there.
They go off and maybe what's going on next to them.
Well, I've got the same...
What are you waiting for, man?
They program that same clock into me.
Yeah, me too.
Well, you know, I think dogs and humans
have been training each other this whole time.
It didn't just go one way.
I've been thinking that lately.
Yeah.
I've been thinking, I mean, just think of the origins
of some many famous things like Romulus and Remus.
They was raised by wolves.
Who knows?
They just could have been scared dogs.
Do you have rock?
How about stick?
Fashion a dog's head and put it in your window.
The angel of death will pass by.
Oh, he might come back around a few minutes.
He might come back around a few minutes later.
But in that moment where you demonstrate your faith,
you're free.
Free.
A free death with a buck fifty will buy you a cup of coffee.
You know, maybe I should go sit, tell that doctor about Alzheimer's
because I'm wondering if I didn't read all the same stuff last week.
Yeah.
I know I read the sick coronavirus jokes last week,
but I don't know if I did the X-Day.
Yeah, I didn't want to use the term X-Day cancellation.
It's not canceled.
But right now, camping is out against the law in Ohio.
And many, many other states, New York as well, and California.
Just think of all the problems.
That's where it started was in California.
Said, hey, everybody's taking a walk together, you know?
Well, yeah, there's a lot of people who are defiant about science
because that's smarty pants stuff.
And it's just the media.
It's a hoax.
It's a hoax.
Oh, God, I don't even want to go into that.
The timeline.
You look at it, there's a timeline of statements from the president
that goes all the way up until about a week ago.
And suddenly he's going, many people are going to die.
And I knew this all along.
I knew it was a pandemic.
I said it was a pandemic from the beginning.
Yeah.
No, he was telling crowds of people that it was a hoax
and they should come to the next rally too.
So like I say, there is a silver lining to this.
A lot less Trumpers in the...

In the coming months.
A lot fewer, sorry.
A lot fewer.
Yes, I'm a smarty pants, you see.
A grammar Nazi.
Just think of all the melachromatic problems we're going to be having
over the next few years being led by people who are dumber than the rest of us.
You're supposed to have people that are like one degree smarter,
not 10 degrees dumber than the rest of us.
Dave, are you familiar with the classic motion picture by Mike Judge
called Idiocracy?
Yes.
The documentary?
The current documentary of the current country we're living in right now.
Yeah, oddly enough, it was made 15 years ago or something, but it's...
Maybe even longer ago.
Yeah.
Yeah, but it all came true.
Doesn't it have electrolytes?
Does it have electrolytes?
Yeah.
Yeah.
They were feeding the crops with Gatorade because it has electrolytes in it.
Right.
So it must be better from the water.
You can quote Idiocracy just like that.
Just about pretty much on any occasion, right, the way things are right now.
Yeah.
Yep.
Because it is an idiocracy.
Well, I mean, yeah.
Yeah, when you told me the name of that, there was some restaurant, that was the kicker.
Thudruckers.
Oh, well, I said the hoot.
Well, things like, oh, the Boober Eats.
The Boober Eats.
Yeah, but that's a...
Yeah.
Okay, that's...
We're in it.
We're in Idiocracy now.
Price bomb.
Yep.
Yeah.
Yeah.
In the country of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.
That doesn't help since none of us only have one eye.
Yeah, and it sounds convenient and not really fitting the other part of what he said.
And in the kingdom of the blind, actually, a person with two good eyes ends up getting
lynched and operated on unless he or she escapes.
Yeah, if they can find you, you know.
Oh, that's the thing.
They can find you better...
Think about at night.
You're helpless.
You're helpless.

And they can see you at night.
Yeah, I forgot.
They can see you in the daytime.
I forgot the blind people can see in the dark.
I forgot that.
It's the country of the blind.
They can do as well with hearing as everybody else can with sight.
Plus, they've been trapped in that valley for untold centuries, so they really know
their way around.
They're not gonna bump into any trees, whereas a panicking sighted person might.
There's an H.G.
Wells story called Country of the Blind.
Oh, yeah.
Everybody should read.
You've referred to it many times.
Yep.
I've never read it.
It's in my phone.
But you should read it.
It's free.
H.G.
Wells has been dead long enough.
All his stuff is free.
Yeah, you can read the book.
I actually have read most of his books, and I've read some of them every five years of
my entire life since I was 10.
The Time Machine, War of the Worlds, and The Invisible Man, Food of the Gods.
You require reading if you're an emergentile subgenius.
Yeah.
Heck, H.G.
Wells predicted the internet.
Emergentile?
Why did you have to stick that Heil Hitler joke in there?
No, emergentile, dear.
Emergentile.
Oh, emergentile.
Emergentiles.
Yeah, emergentiles are the subgeniuses like me whose descendants will be Morlocks.
The Rewardians are the subgeniuses like Princess Wee whose descendants will be the Eloi.
The Eloi, yes.
Yeah.
The nice ones will become the Eloi, and the mean ones will become the Morlocks.
Of course, the Morlocks are the only ones that know how to build anything, have any
creative ideas, and so forth.
Rewardians will sit around being fed and fattened by the Morlocks until the Morlocks get hungry
and it's harvest time.
Yeah.
And they sound that big horn, and the Eloi just parade right into the slaughterhouse
doors.
Simple as that.
As they should.
I mean, the Rewardians come right into the emergentiles' big slaughterhouse factory.
We only take one out of ten, though, because otherwise, you know, it would destroy the
whole system.
You'd deplete the ranks.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Emergentiles only take one out of every ten Rewardians for their own use.
Yeah, you gotta think of Rewardians as prefrontal, not prefrontal lobotomies, but what we call

them, I don't know.
Never mind.
I usually think of them as like you, Dave.
Subgenius.
Most, almost, yeah, most subgeniuses are Rewardians.
I mean, there are only one in ten can be emergentiles, or the Rewardians would be extinct, and then
the emergentiles would be extinct.
Who's gonna wash the emergentiles' cars for them?
That was well thought out.
Yeah.
Highly principled verbiage coming from your time.

Yeah.
Well, Dave, you said earlier that you were worried about using up time on your phone.
Well, I just wanted to get in one last dirty word, but I guess I'll go now, because my
little yellow light is flashing also.
Oh, you can get in a last dirty word?
I'll send you phone money, Dave.
You will?
Yeah.
Well, you know, whenever you do a show, I send you a copy of the show, and I usually
send you a little tiny, little...
Oh.
...bitty check.
We need to let Dave sneak in a last dirty word.
I wanna hear it.
Okay.
Ophthalmolism.
Or, uh, yeah.
Ophthalmolism?
Yeah, ophthalmology.
Ophthalmology.
Listen to that smarty pants.
Ophthalmology, yeah, ophthalmology.
He thinks he's smarter than us, don't he?
Listen...
Yeah, I'm showing off.
When I was one year old, I said this sentence.
What?









I'm not gonna lie to you.
I'm gonna say this sentence.
My father is an optometrist, not an ophthalmologist.
And people looked at my parents and said, are you ventriloquists?
How did that come out of her?
And they said, well, she's very verbal.
Wow, you must be gifted or something like that.
I guess.
Well, or else your dad was training you like a parrot.
I think he was.
Yeah, I think so too.
Supposedly, family legend has it.
Yeah.
And about two and a half, this doesn't sound right, but about two and a half, they took
me to the Smithsonian and there was a big dinosaur skeleton in there.
And my father said, look, Doug, there's a brontosaurus.
And I said, no, pappy, that's a diplodocus.
And I was right.
You did.
No, I was right.
There's very big distinction between those two shapes.
Brontosauruses were stumpy like me and diplodocus were long and lean like Princess Wee.
When I was seven years old, I solved all the world's social problems and I didn't even
get one kind word for it.
Oh, Dave, that's terrible.
Dave, that's awful.
Well, I appreciate it.
They thought I was just some crazy seven-year-old kid, you know, and it turned out five years
later, oh well.
You did solve all the world's social problems.
I did.
But only for a very, very short time.
There was about one minute.
There was no war, no fights, no cussing, no jealousy, no nothing.



Dave, and it was all because of Dave, but then it wore off because everybody went, what
are you doing?
We're acting like five-year-olds.
We're acting like seven-year-olds.
It's crazy.
Let's get back to killing the others.
Let's get back to killing the others.
Well, we don't have to worry about the others right now until they run out of food.
That's when they'll come.
They'll be back.
They'll be back.





So I've been visiting all the neighbors who don't have guns and who have nice big vegetable
garden, which I should have in about two weeks.
No, in two months.
Oh, you've got nice big vegetables growing?
We set up straw bales, seven straw bales.
We peed all over them so they'd compost.
And now they're soft and mushy and they have tomato plants and eggplants and stuff growing
on them.
We didn't have to pee on them.
They already smelled like pee.
Well, we used urea.
That's pee, basically.
Powdered pee.
Yeah.
Nitrogen.
As per directed.
And they smell like that, too.
By gardening guides.
Flies love them.
But the plants are growing on them like crazy.
Supposedly, you can cure yourself of diseases by consuming your own urine.
Well, I've...
Call it mine instead of urine, you know.
Some people do that.
I actually knew a guy who did that.
He also made his own methamphetamine.
Yeah, he was a chemist.
Those are not the same.
And a urine aficionado.
So, there you go.
There you go.
There you go.
The guy who had the Puzzling Evidence show before it was the Puzzling Evidence show.
It was the Bob Nelson show until Puzzling Evidence kept showing up.
And after a while...
Bob was gone and went to the desert.
And Puzzling Evidence and Paul Mavridis and Dr. Howell and Gary Gabrog, friend, had replaced Bob completely.
But who wants to get up and go to the station at four in the morning and blabber until six?
Well, those four did.
And Philo did it for decades, too.
So, who knows, man?
Not me.
Not me either because I'm going to sign off now.
Don't.
By the way, Dave, did you know that WCSB is...
There's no one there.
It's closed down and they're programming remotely.
I'm having to send them MP3s of the broadcast version of the show.
No, I did not know until you just said that.
Yeah, there's no one in the station.
There's no one allowed.
It's part of this university and everything's shut down.
So, there you go.
They're still getting fresh shows from us, though.
They'll probably have this one on sooner.
And they would have if we'd...
I'd mail them.
Praise WCSB and all the stations.
It's the end of the world.
Yes.
All the other millions of stations that carry this show.
Yes.
And praise Dave.
Oh, yeah, Dave.
We forgot about that.
Thanks for the prayers.
Wow, that was a weird one.
Buddy is in the process of tearing another bed apart.
Well, he's eating Mr. Bill's arm right now.
Yes, he is eating Mr. Bill's arm.
I know.
Dave is trying to disconnect.
No, we really did.
We bought him a Mr. Bill chew toy that says,
Oh, no.
First thing Claudia does is take out the voice box
and eat the head and dismember the thing.
Oh, is that the voice box?
Yeah, it's still here.
The Mr. Bill voice?
Uh-huh.
But I think it's just kaput now.
That's it.
Well, I'll see you later.
Okay, Dave.
We're going to work with Mr. Bill's brain here for a minute more.
Okay.
How do you hang this thing up?
Be well, Dave.
Friends, you're listening to the Hour of Slack on Subgenius Radio.
And whoever else is able to get to a station and make it play over the air these days.
I bet the short waves are still working.
And friends, for more information, you can see subgenius.com.
And...
If I get Mr. Bill to his brain to speak...
Oh, it's all...
She chewed it up.
She chewed up Mr. Bill's brain.
It was still working.
He can't even say...
It is?
As of the last time I tried it, I could squeeze it together and it would go,
Oh, no!
But I guess it finally gave up the ghost.
The ghost of Mr. Bill.
The ghost of Mr. Bill.
God, let that never happen.
Let him never haunt this house, Lord.
Okay, now we're in the internet part of the show.
Ah.
And that means we can tell you that Dave is destitute.
I've been tempted to resort to destitution myself, but I honestly can't afford it.
Dave needs help and there's a GoFundMe link.
It is actually the most poorly written GoFundMe I've ever seen.
But...
If...
If...
If y'all want to help an old subgenius who got laid off and I think his unemployment ended
and I don't know what the heck he's living on now.
He didn't hardly have enough to keep his phone on.
I literally am going to have to send him like a...
I'll send him 30, 40 bucks every time he does a show.
That's my form of charity.
It's about the best we can do.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And friends, if you want to live in the coolest house in Cleveland Heights, believe it or not,
it's still for sale.
We had two buyers who were serious, but it turned out they were broke.
They didn't really have a job or something.
No, they didn't have the funds that they thought that they had.
Yeah.
Either party.
Their eyes were bigger than their wallet.
But that house is cheap, man.
Oh, I could go ahead and say it.
109.
It's now...
It went for...
Okay, we bought it for...
I don't even want to say it.
It's just too shameful and embarrassing.
It was so much more.
But we dropped the price down to 120, then to 112.
Now it's at 109.
1-0-9-0-0-0.
Yes.
And yeah, I just...
It's fabulous.
It's a classic old house.
It looks brand new because we sunk 12,000 bucks in repairs.
And clean up into it.
Princess, we worked on it for the whole year I was away.
It's next to a grocery store, the post office, a whole little mall, and schools and churches.
And it's a beautiful park-like neighborhood with lots of nice people.
You know, if Reverend Cosmack were here, he could have this thing running just by looking at it.
Probably.
Probably.
He'd just look at it right and it would work.
Well, he's the one who has built modern day...
God darn it.
I remember Cosmack.
He's the one that had that...
Yeah, he makes homemade synthesizers and stuff.
He deliberately uses the most ancient gear.
He uses a classic Mac and is able to get...
I mean, that's practically a child's toy.
And he was able to do all kinds of magic tricks with it just for fun.
Mm-hmm.
Just because he's a subgenius.
You know, subgeniuses will do things that seem pointless but amaze everyone because, first off, why would they do it?
But the fact that they did is just amazing.
Mm-hmm.
So that's...
He had a white plastic mannequin that he had lighting up from the inside.
And I was so jealous because I had a white plastic mannequin once, but I never made it light up from the inside.
It was probably the same one.
And he was probably the guy that stole it.
No, I don't think so.
Missing at a devival.
Oh, you forget.
The main thing about his mannequin is it talks to you.
And its nipples light up.
Most mannequins don't even have nipples.
This one had light-up nipples, and it would talk back to you.
Yes.
With AI.
Yeah.
Talk back.
Yeah.
And it was probably an AI made with really old transistors from Japanese radios and stuff from the 50s.
Because that's about all he wants to work with.
Even if he's a young guy, too.
Yeah.
So, yeah.
It's a good figure.
Yeah.


You know, it's like when the Horizon Zero Dawn world comes, he'll be the guy that takes
apart the robot monsters and, you know, makes weapons.
Yep.
And titties.
Little mannequins with titties on them.
No head, and yet they can talk to you from a speaker in their chest.
Huh.
Huh.
Okay, friends.
We're going to sign off.
Oh, we need...
What about money for us?
Church is subgenius.
If you're not a subgenius minister...
If you're not a pastor yet, you know, your whole life will have been wasted if, say, something terrible happens.
You get a disease or something.
You're not really saved.
You don't have a chance of getting on the saucers.
Right.
Unless some descendant decides to save you post-mortem, which you can do.
Think about your sweet old grandpa and grandma.
Don't you want to see them get on the saucers?
Buy them a membership pack.
I mean...
I mean, I know they're dead, but they can still be saved if it's in their name.
Right.
The exes will know their address.
Their Akashic address.
Because the exes can find dead people.
Mm-hmm.
And live people and make them dead.
And vice versa.
Find dead people and make them live again.
Easy peasy.
But it's never quite the same.
A little bit like that pet cemetery or that mannequin that talks to you.
Uh-huh.
Not quite the same.
Oh, and the way to do that is to spend that credit card money that you don't need anymore
at subgenius.com.
The first sentence you see on that says, become an ordained minister.
It's only $35 plus about $5 postage because it's a big package.
Mm-hmm.
It's got everything you need.
Bob pins, Bob bumper stickers, a minister's card, instructions on how to actually really
be a minister.
Right.
Right.








For real.
Frameable documents.
Oh, tons of frameable documents.
It's sterable art.
Yes.
Well, the Tree of Knowledge by Paul Mavridis and yours truly is included in it.
Mm-hmm.
It used to be the inside cover of the Book of the Subgenius, but they don't print on
the inside cover anymore.
So the only way you get that is to join up.
And it is the most sterable piece of art we have.
It sure is.
It sure is.

It sure is.
It sure is.











It's a pamphlet.
Subgenius pamphlet number one and number two, each of which is 16 pages long, which doesn't
sound like much, but there's so much type that's so small, even with the pictures, if
you're me, you kind of need a magnifying glass.
It's quite dense.
A youthful person wouldn't have any trouble.
No.
I used to kind of chuckle when these old folks would go, why do you make your prints so damn
small?
I can barely read that.
It's like eight point.
That's normal.
It's like newspaper.
Paper print.
Well, now I know exactly what they mean.
It's a bit on the small side now.
Yes.
It's getting, things are getting dim, Princess Sweet.
No.
It's getting dark.
I can't hear you so well anymore.
It's, everything's fading away.
Reverend Stang, that was in very bad taste.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Don't die on the air, please.
Well, folks, apparently Reverend Stang has given up the ghost.
I don't see him waking up anytime soon.
There's no sign of life.
So, uh,
I guess that's it from the subgenius radio ministry for the month of April 2020.
Reverend Stang seems to have checked out.
Come on, Reverend Stang, come back, please.
Come on, come on.
Well, now I know what Princess Wheel will do if I'm croaked.
She'll laugh and laugh and laugh.
Take it real lightly.
Now we know.
