The South Geniuses
The South Geniuses
Come in, come in, Sergeant.
Sergeant, stop that noise.
Come in.
Why do you stand there?
What is it?
Speak up, you wimpy head.
Do you keep watching the clock?
Do you run down and jittery?
Do you tired?
Do you never end?
But that's how you feel.
For your own sake, try Sub-Giddy-Meter.
That's right.
Sub-Giddy-Meter gives you glorious strength, energy, and needed vital substances.
Plus iron.
The name is Sub-Giddy-Meter.
And now...
Turn off your radio.
Now.
How's he doing?
He's alright.
You know, he's a little shaken up, but...
I was involved in some covert CIA-sponsored mind-altering techniques back in the 70s.
I'd like a few minutes alone with him just to erase what he saw from his memory.
You're not going to erase my son's memory.
I'm sorry.
Greg, he saw Bob.
He already has issues.
That's something he might never recover from.
I'll handle it.
Okay.
Alright.
Okay.
Thank you.
In 27 years on the force, this is the first time I think I may have to throw up looking at this man.
Over there, you can see a little bit of her brain.
That's her hair ribbon.
And over there, that's her left shoe, I think.
That's part of it there by the engine block.
So, in conclusion, kids...
That's all crazy.
Crazy.

When you get behind the wheel of a car, make sure it's not your last prop.
Okay, over and out.
Crazy, crazy, crazy.
Roger Wilco.
What does Wilco mean?
Wilcopy.
I thought it was a code for Philo.
Well, no, it has nothing to do with Steve Wilco.
Yeah, like do well.
Steven Ro Wilco.
Steve Roper, Mike Nomad, and Steve Wilco.
Those brawny guys.
Those brawny guys with the big cleft chins.
Give me another beer.
Yeah, they had plenty of adventures.
They fought Hitler's brain.
They did fight Hitler's brain all the way across...
And then I don't have...
Did I tell you about anything in the paper here?
On a speedboat.
Oh, on a speedboat.
Yeah, right.
When they were in Florida.
You know, in that time, the adventure they had.
Yeah.
Did I tell you on the last five shows about my movie idea,
Harold and Maude and Kumar go to meet Hitler?
Yeah, that's cool.
Buy Hitler's art.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, but I'm still back here on Hitler Takes the Submarine
because we've got the submarine footage filmed.
Yeah.
So now we need to somehow get Hitler from that to the speedboat.
And we can have quite a movie.
Take him off the submarine and put him on the speedboat.
Yahoo.
Yeah.
We could bring my parts to the park.
We would have to go to Kurt's house in Florida to shoot all this, of course.
Because he would have the costume.
I get seasick on the speedboat.
And he would have the...
Probably he'd know somebody with the speedboat.
Yeah.
We've got to finish the movie.
It's our mission now.
Bye.
Have it turned into a ridiculous thing with Hitler in a Hawaiian shirt.
Like a Bollywood movie.
Driving around in a speedboat.
A musical number.

Didn't Mel Brooks already do that?
Yeah, but this is ours, man.
Not like that.
No.
Not in a Hawaiian shirt.
This is a new generation's laughter, Hitler.
Just imagine the laughter.
The silvery...
Because see, what happened is Jesus forgave Hitler.
So then he could just go back and have fun until the end.
But then the Mormons ordained him.
Right.
And gave him eternal life as a name in their book.
And then the subgeniuses did the same thing.
Yeah.
And that was when the Hitler comic book finally was banned.
Yeah, but that doesn't mean you can't get one.
Who would win?
Hitler or Batman?
Well...
If Batman fought Hitler, who would win?
Well, that makes you wonder why Batman didn't fight Hitler.
And that was a big problem back then.
You know, why weren't Batman and Superman going over there?
And winning the war with two punches instead of, you know, letting our...
When did Batman appear?
I know Superman should have been in there, but when did Batman come along?
Well, maybe Superman supposedly can't interfere with blah, blah, blah.
In the 30s.
I thought that...
Bruce Wayne was a draft doctor.
I thought Superman did do some Hitler punching in a few issues.
Bruce Wayne did contribute to the war effort.
Yeah, but on the Nazi side.
But why wasn't he out there on the front line?
Bruce Wayne and the Bushes.
Oh, yeah.
Were contributing to the Nazi war effort.
Yeah.
Because they had better machines.
It was an investment.
There's a book.
There's a book.
A whole fake The Waynes and the...
You know, all tied into the real history.
The Waynes, the Bushes, the camps.
The Mobius Strip, yeah.
And why the Waynes become a comic book fakery thing as opposed to the Bushes, who actually
do run Bay of Pigs.
And really were super costumed heroes.
Not super heroes, but costumed heroes.
And I apologize to Nose Hair Lincoland for not playing the Mary Sherman story.
We'll do that next week.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.

Bye.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Let's go down the hall.
Danke.
Okay, you're welcome.
Auf Wiedersehen.
Auf Wiedersehen.
The smoke bomb here.
Danke schön.
You're welcome.
So what do you think of Dr. Hal and Ivan Stang on the show now?
Trying to stay on what show now?
What do you mean?
The showdown between Dr. Hal and Ivan Stang at high noon in El Dorado.
All a bunch of malarkey.
So what happens at X-Day this year?
Well, I...
Oh, it's a Day of the Dead theme.
Well, appropriately, since it's the day everybody else will be dead.
We're planning to have another heat stroke and heat wave and tornado and lightning strike, just like last year.
When President Obama declared it a disaster area.
Well, the funny thing was, yes, President Obama declared southern Ohio a disaster area,
and yet the one place where he still had a...
Electricity and internet was...
Where?
Was Derry Campground.
Where the subgeniuses were messing around, but nobody else had any refrigeration or...
Just one little pocket of perfection.
It was a crisis.
Everywhere around was death.
The subgeniuses got a taste of their future.
Well, it was...
It still was a little hot, and there were horrible testicle-eating spiders clustered underneath the seats of the...







That's true.
That's so mystical.
Chem toilets.
Yes, right.
You know, women don't have to worry about those, but men do.
Making me more misty.
They're really...
These spiders are sort of butch, you know.
They're totally vigorous, able to withstand the chemical toilet thing.
But, as we know, the creatures out there are of a particularly hardy disposition.
And so are the subgeniuses who survived.
We can make sure that only the strong make it.
Yes, who needs air conditioning with all of its softening influences?
The true subgenius sweats it out next day.
Who needs chairs without spikes on them?
Who needs beds without scorpions?
Come on, we're subgeniuses.
We can...
That's right.
A few spider bites, why you act as though it actually...
mattered in any way.
It builds your immune system.
Which you're going to need, because you'll meet all sorts of extraterrestrial insect life on the pleasure saucers.
Right.
They've mastered faster-than-light travel, but they have not mastered the perfect mousetrap.
Oh, no, these are not vermin.
These are your beloved fellow crew members.
Yes.
Who have been changed into swine as soon as they were beamed up.
Wow.
That was the part they didn't tell you about in the first and second book.
Someone has to...
And the third book is out of print.
...feed the giant insects on these newly converted porkers.
In my version, they go to the funeral planet where they, of course, die and become little stuffed versions of themselves.
You know, nobody bought our third testament until it went out of print.
Now it's $800 a copy on eBay.
$800?
Not kidding.
$800.
FiloSort for $950.
It's down to $899 now.
Uh-oh.
But...
Yeah.
What does that fool anybody?
$899.
I'll get that now.
I ain't paying none of the pork.
Well, I'll sell mine for that amount.
And I'll autograph it into the bargain.
It's like gas prices.
You weren't here, folks.
Yeah.
Oh, nine-tenths of a cent.
I'm really saving here.
As you go across country with gas being...
Actually, gas is not...
It's a gas.
Like here, elsewhere, right?
I paid four...
Princess, we and I paid $4.25 for gas this evening in...
Oh, yeah.
Where were we?
Fremont?
Mm-hmm.
And a guy overheard her saying,
well, let's just put $20 worth in because, you know, it's not...
I know we'll find it cheaper further on.
And this guy walked up and said, I'll do the same thing.
This is the highest I've seen in this area, $4.25.
I just get $10 at a time.
I mean, who can afford a tank of gas?
And I didn't say, well, in a couple of weeks, we'll be back in the east of here where it's only $3 a gallon.
We got gas for $2.89 in Florida a month ago, two months ago now.
Yep.
We're special.
We need special gas.
For a special...
Spensive.
We went to that Dobbs Town...
Spatial.
...abusement park in Orlando.
We also went to Epcot and Universal.
But the Dobbs Town riders...
I mean, the park is...
Yeah.
It's a little run down.
The Dobbs Town riders, are they like a motorcycle gang?
They terrorize the little bobbies at X-Day.
They're like rogue police officers.
It's been a...
I don't know if we should even discuss that particular...
Those guys are at Dobbs Town, Paris now.
It's better than Paris Island, where they came from.
We...
We...
We...
Some of the rides you can tell are kind of old.
And they imported the Flintstone Village from outside the Grand Canyon, that run down...
Oh, great.
Yeah, that's at Dobbs Town in Orlando now, the whole thing.
And it's still run down.
Yay.
They didn't fix it up.
They left it exactly the way it was.
They even imported the radioactive dirt.
When you go through Williams, there's just a little empty pit of radioactive dirt now.
No...
I used to love to go in there because nobody was around.
Is that what town it was?
Williams.
Beautiful.
Yeah.
I...
We went there with the kids back in the 1880s.
Yeah.
Coming across country when you guys...
Yeah.
It was a proud and untamed land.
Yes.
Bedrock.
Flintstone's Bedrock City.
Cash on the girl.
Yeah, they really bastardized the thing when it became Yabba Dabba.
You mean the Spielberg version?
Yeah.
And what about...
Even worse than that, the sequel to the Spielberg...
The Spielberg version, not by Spielberg.
Oh, are you talking about Flintstone movies?
The Flintstones 2, Viva Rock Vegas.
They changed the actors, didn't they?
Yes, they did.
The original ones asked too much for that project.
I can't believe that.
I think they do it out of the kindness of their heart.
Who would do that?
John Goodman wanted more money to play Fred Flintstone a second time.
He wouldn't do it a second time.
He said once was enough.
How could he say a thing like that?
And wasn't Agent Dale Cooper in that movie?
In the first one, but not the second one.
Yeah, and what did?
He was an evil corporate villain in old Stone Age Bedrock.
He used the voice on...
The weirding word he used on Wilma and Barney.
Yabba Dabba Doo!
Yes, now we know the terrible things that that does.
It's a horrible incantation.
It should never actually be articulated.
It does infinite harm.
But enough shop talk.
You know, we do have to mention that Ivan Stang is going to make appearances
at fairs and carnivals in this area.
The 4-H Club will be hosting him with the Heifer Show
at the Santa Mira Fair on July 23rd.
And after that, the Stangs, the traveling road show,
will be...
at the exposition of dairy farmers and curd producers.
We'll be at the Gilroy Garlic Festival.
Gilroy Garlic Festival, that's true.
And then, of course, the...
That's fun. You can get a garlic milkshake.
You can get garlic cow pies.
Party check milkshake.
Garlic milkshake? Where do I sign up?
I love that song.
And at the Great American Music Hall on October 24th.
They make the finest garlic cow pies,
and all of Lompoc.
Ah, yes, uh...
I mean, Gilroy.
That was... I thought, uh, peccary pie?
Peccary pie?
Oh, yeah, like, you know, like, everybody likes it.
Gregory Peccary, everyone.
Now, is a peccary the same as, uh,
what everyone else calls a javelina?
And that I, for some reason, always pronounce javelina?
You're correct. It is pronounced javelina.
Yes.
Uh, uh, it's, uh...
No accident.
Javelinas do roam the desert.
Why, I've often seen them.
They're out there.
They're out there.
Oh, my God!
They've treed Dr. Howell.
He's up on the top of that...
Oh, my God.
...Savaro cactus.
Get back.
Look at those creatures.
They're giant razorback hogs.
I'm not really seeing this, am I?
Those prehistoric eleothears.
Bofangos, they're called.
The giant, uh, creature.
It is a monstrous pig.
It's like, uh, a creature, a cryodot of the Arteodactyla.
They're terrifying.
Yes, from the, uh, Miocene period.
And, uh, this was the largest, most fearsome hog predator ever to walk the Earth,
grunting on its, uh, cloven hooves.
My children, we must stop the humans, or they will turn us into food.
Bacon.
We'll be slaves to them.
That's a...
In more ways than you can count.
You're the...
Omnivore.
I wonder that you should...
Now squeal like a sow.
Well, there you go.
That's the fact of life, uh, pork chop style.
For, uh, Sensual Radio, this is Ralph Fielding Snow.
Huh?
Life among the pigs.
The, uh, sex story.
See?


What the subway?
Why die until his blood grew black after With me, Bowser.
Oh, he could have been put on a pass and then free like I wanted to do.

I've seen communal carnal relations nearly turn into a mob
But for a truly unique sensation you got to turn to Connie and Bob
Oh, it's the miracle of the 90s It's the talk of all the abyss
It's the marriage of Bob and Connie in the Church of Subgenius
I've seen the mating of the iguana on the rocks is what they prefer
While the sloths just like to hang around hoping something will occur
And though the rabbit is most unsteady he is always ready once more
But when it comes to Bob and Connie there's no way of keeping score
Oh
It's the miracle of the 90s It's the talk of all the abyss
It's the marriage of Bob and Connie in the Church of Subgenius
La la la la la
Ay!
A dragon's lie has balance A black widow has the nash
But Bob and Connie got their hands on each other
And each other's personal stash
And Anna Catherin's got constriction And a crocodile has her grin
But Bob and Connie are the one true origin of sin
Oh!
It's the miracle of the 90s It's the talk of all the abyss
It's the marriage of Bob and Connie in the Church of Subgenius
La la la la la la
Ay!
And Connie
La la la la la la
La la la la la la la la la la la la t-Bob
La la la la la la la la la la la t-Bob
Brown-eyed Bob
The ostrich do it in the service of God

없이
Far
Far
Far
All
All
Down
Down
Down
All
Down
Down
Down
All
All
Mary, Job and Connie In the church of sub-genia
It's the miracle of the 90's It's the talk of all the others
It's the Mary, Job and Connie In the church of sub-genia
It's the Miracle Party Night, it's the dark tomorrow, it's the marriage of Bob and Mel, in the church of St. Jenny.
It's the Miracle Party Night, it's the dark tomorrow, it's the marriage of Bob and Mel, in the church of St. Jenny.
La la la la la la, and Connie, la la la la la la, and Connie, la la la la la la, and Connie, la.
Scientists have two sort of super soaker nozzles on their head that they fire urine out of.
In fact, they're not even going to use it.
In battles.
Can I see that?
No, but it turns out that when a female comes upon a male, she shoots out a stream of urine, but it's like love potion number nine.
And she seduces the male, so instead of smacking her over the head with his claw, you know, she says, come in, come in.
Well, and pee nozzles in their head, two bladders of urine, which are located in their heads.
Well, and then one of the most difficult ones, of course, is climate change.
The warm urine is really having a huge impact in the ocean and the creatures that live there.
Seawater temperatures are rising, and the acidity of the ocean is rising.
Could we, we, we...
Well, have you noticed that in the church of the subgenius, there's this fascination with animals, and every few years, it'll swing around to a different animal.
It was prairie squid for a long time, then face...
Having...
Bats.
Well, then all the females, the younger ones...
Then it was goats.
They were talking about being...
And now it's bears.
...violated in the woods by a certain man-bear pig that they said was out there.
Man-bear pig?
The right...
No, that was the South Park thing.
No, that was the...
They made a cardboard sign at X-Day.
I saw it.
About man-bear pig?
Yes, with...
That's not very original.
Pictures of this...
Being engaged in violating some well-known subgenius.
We had heard about the horrible rape bears, and I know that's not funny.
And they're out there, too, huh?
With their seven...
You know, the big question was, how does the victim survive during hibernation?
And the answer to that, I cannot tell you on the public radio waves.
It involves tampions and worse.
But what does the victim have to do?
It has to do with hibernation.
Hey, the rape bears do that for seven years.
And during that seven years, the bear's going to hibernate.
Now, how does he keep the subgenius alive as prisoner while he's hibernating and keep him from escaping?
This is all mythical.
Yes, this is...
And it makes me get all misty...
It doesn't really happen.
...when I hear about it.
We invite everyone to come.
There are no raping semi-human beings.
There are no humanoid bears in the woods.
And if there are, I'm sure this is simply a misunderstanding, which can be...
Any of you learning that are going to X-Days, please build a biobot of a mystical raping bear.
That would just create more confusion.
We're trying to straighten these issues out.
I think the origin of the right...
Somebody better rent a bear suit and do this, folks.
No, we need no frauds here.
This problem is sufficient on its own.
We had a gorilla suit last year.
Yeah, we did, but it was so hot that Philo couldn't...
Oh, ahem.
The, uh, whoever was going to wear it...
And the sightings of the so-called right bears are merely glimpses of Dr. Legume striding through the woods.
This picture that I found on a piece of cardboard showed two aggressors in that realm.
One was a bear, and one, I think, was intended to represent J.R. Bob Dobbs with pipe and everything.
It was, uh...
Keep your plugs in.
When you go to X-Day, kids...
Well, it's, uh...
You can't be too cautious.
You know, I'm...
It's all part of the learning experience that we offer.
Uh, we do have classes that you can take on fashioning a tampion out of objects found in the woods.
Out of spittle, leaves, bark, and chung-tong root.
Chung-tong root?
Yes.
It grows in the...
In the southern Ohio area.
Make sure it's not a poison ivy stem or vine.
That would be a terrible mistake.
It would backfire.
That would be...
As it were, so to speak.
Well, someone would...
Terrible and terrifying.
Backfire.
Think of.
You know, uh, the way kids, uh, cut grapevines and smoke them like cigars?
Or maybe they used to do that back in the pre-computer days.
Well, before corn silk.
But, uh, you can cut a length of, uh, grapevine if you're a kid and smoke it?
And it makes a nice smoke.
Have you ever done that?
No.
Ew.
Oh, okay.
We didn't...
They didn't make grapevines in Texas.
We were just...
See, I...
I lived with, uh...
We had to use cow...
Everybody except staying in the world did it.
I lived with hillbillies for a while.
We also, uh, chewed tobacco.
But, uh, smoking the grapevine cigarette was, uh, something everybody did.
But there was, at the time, a sort of grisly, not an urban legend, since we were intensely rural,
but a horrible legend about some...
Yeah.



...kid who thought he was smoking a grapevine, but he cut a poison ivy vine and smoked it
and his entire lungs...
But it's organic.
...fell out, you know, because they were all a mass of blood.
Oh!
And so...
Yes.
Hal was one of the pallbearers who carried his little friend to the...
It wasn't me, I swear.
I told him to smoke the grapevine.
Why doesn't anyone listen?
Oh, well, it's another one of those misunderstandings.
What a nightmarish...
Yes, I, uh...
Legend.
Here, kid, smoke this Black Widow cigar.
Let's hope it was just a legend.
Yes, it's moving under its own power.
But I've seen such sights that, uh, no one would believe it.
In my exploration of the underground, uh, world, I've seen...
Hillbillies, you say?
...spider outrages that...
Oh, no, I...
Was that a reality show, Dr. Hal and the Hal-billies?
There was no show.
It was all intensely real.
Yeah, it was...
Came right after Subgenius Junction.
Yeah.
Uh...
I...
This was long before I...
Which opens with a...
...ever heard of Subgenius Junction.
...Berkeley Hal-billies.
No, no.
I was in the Ozark Mountains, uh, in the, uh, wilds of southern Missouri.
Yeah, let's go back to where Hal was.
An intensely forested area.
Here he is, eight years old.
The Ozark Mountains.
Gentlemen, gentlemen, please, gather round.
I've got something awesome to tell you.
String it up!
Hanging's too good for it.
We need to reorganize.
All you...
...people on a scientific basis.
Now, everybody with a single shot, get over there by...
...Eb Ziegler's Ford.
He's evil, I'll tell you.
He created a monster.
That's just, uh, Joe, and you all know him.
He's a fine fella.
Burn down the castle.
Burn down Dr. Hal's moving castle.
Well, that's, uh, what's gonna go up to Big Springs for the show.
They're gonna look at it up there, and then you...
...people will...
Well, you'll technically own it.
You can do what you want.
Now we're gonna get a...
...get a little move on here...
...and travel up the current river to...
...Big Springs, Missouri.
Ah, the waters of the current running over the pebbly bottom.
Pebbly spring and chasms and watery depths.
In the john boat.
Trolling for the giant, uh, alligator gar that inhabits the river.
Big enough to swallow a human...
...with a single gulp.
Up you go.
I think we're almost out of gas.
The giant snapping turtle is found in this river system.
Well, come on, it's your game.
What do we do now?
Sixty pounds and more.
Let's see, we gotta eat the giant power pill, or...
Yeah, if we eat the giant power pill, we can row back ashore, but we'll lose a lot of health.
Right.
We might not make it to shore in time, so we might have to...
But then we get back to shore.
We paint Old Man Dob's barn.
There's no man bear pigs.
That's a legend.
Yeah, we gotta avoid the man bear pigs.
No, they... they doesn't exist.
Oh, it does... well, it just... it exists when you get to higher levels of the game.
These are just nervous women. They make up stories.
I... I... there's no such creature.
I... uh... I... I wish I could, uh, reassure you.
Then...
Okay, it was the much less...
That was Hitler and the bear pig.
The much less threatening man koala bear pig.
And now they're bringing in... now they're bringing in Hitler?
I thought it was Hitler and the bear pig.
The Hitler koala bear pig.
Oh, that's terrible.
The cause of all global warming doubters.
You can tell by the little mustache there.
Oh.
Um... now, um...
Yeah, I know, looking... looking for the old files.
That's not gonna work.
Dr. Howell is scanning the newspaper.
I was trying to find evidence that would back up this man bear pig story, but I, uh...
Well, we exchanged the Hitler koala bear, uh, guinea pig.
It's, uh, cuter.
Everybody loves Hitler jokes now.
And UFO jokes.
It's too soon!
You are kicking when he can't defend himself.
UFO jokes? Are you trivializing an important subject matter?
UFOders, Bigfeet, uh, the entire spectrum of fringe science.
Did you say UFOders?
Well, they have been...
And Bigfeet in the same sentence?
They have been detected.
Do you have UFOder problems with your Bigfeet?
You may.
Because of your unearthly predilection...
Monkey butt powder can help you.
...for a foot powder that wasn't created on this terraqueous globe,
but rather on an otherworld far out in the inky darkness of interstellar space.
Out of space.
We used to think that planets went around suns in orbital systems,
but now we know there are mysterious, uncounted, dark, rogue planets
moving through space.
One of them may be coming here at this very hour.
Oh, we'd better hurry up. There's only 15 minutes left.
Everybody laughed at Flash Gordon when the planet Mongo suddenly entered the solar system.
Planets don't move around and do that.
Well, they do if Ming the Merciless has figured out the science of planetary motion.
Or what about that old Japanese movie, Gorath?
Remember Gorath?
No.
Oh, well, there's this movie. It's called Gorath.
And on the poster, it shows them fighting a giant lobster.
I mean, giant walrus in the Arctic.
But people may think that Gorath is a monster and it's the walrus.
But no, the walrus is simply an incidental diversion
because Gorath is the name, once again, of a rogue planet that enters the solar system
and it's going to hit the Earth.
What does science do?
They put rockets at the poles and they actually move the Earth out of the way
in doing so, disturbing the giant walrus.
I saw those suggestions in the Chronicle during this last couple of asteroid barnacle things.
So that's Gorath, ladies and gentlemen.
And people are saying, we should attach rockets to people on the Moon and move them out of the way.
Move people on the Moon out of the way with rockets? That'll never fly.
Oh, well.
But the cool thing is the swastika-shaped buildings on the surface.
Mein Gott, a swastika on the Moon.
Yes, all the moons, I mean the Nazi buildings on the far side of the Moon are made swastika-shaped by direct furor.
And here come the sheeple.
Oh, these are sheep.
Look at them, calling each other sheeple.
That means you're all sheeple.
Now they can be molded into...
Oh, sheeple, sheeple, sheeple.
...national socialist.
Steeple people.
I think for myself, you sheeple.
This mob can be stampeded.
They're all trying to run onto the pleasure saucer at once.
Foolish ones. Slow down. Some bellwether of a ram is going to have to lead them up the ramp.
Stop. Slow down. That's the only way you'll get on.
Bad.
They're crushing each other, the bobbies.
Oh, the horrible, the humanity.
They're going to run down there and get all those sheeple.
Those cows.
Have you no dreams, you people? Fight, you mindless sheep. You willing peck.
They're gone.
I'd volunteer myself, except these nosebleeds keep me on my back.
Look at that cool electric sheer Bob's got up there on that landing ramp.
That's sheer beauty, everybody.
It's wicked looking.
Yeah, I can...
It's sheerly divine.
With that, he'll sheer their earthly cares away.
Back to annals of cryptozoology. I actually did save this piece of cardboard from X-Day,
and I can send you a JPEG.
Wow.
Of the depiction, not by me, of these strange beings supposedly found in the woods of southern Ohio.
Covered in walnut water.
Well, that's walnut oil.
Well, it's special walnut oil plus water, yeah.
You know, that's what has kept old Ciqua alive for as long as he has been.
Walnut nutrients.
The walnut oil has not only created enormous size, but incredible vitality.
Keeps all those raffles looking real good, too.
Yeah, yeah.
And quite an appetite.
Ciqua sucks up all the bobbies.
Nobody ever finds...
Really, I'll tell you a little church secret.
It's like one of those old stairways to heaven, and then you just fall off into Ciqua's mouth.
Oh.
Yep.
Well, some people compete for the right to be the sacrificed old Ciqua.
Yes, the most beautiful subgeniette is covered with flowers.
She's given dances and drugs all day, and then somewhat dazed.
Dazed state is led down to the water, and she walks like a pillar of marble into the green, swirling waters of the swamp.
But she doesn't walk out of there.
Only a stream of bubbles rises from the deep like a belch of reptilian satisfaction.
And then she sings.
Now listen to my story about an apt man named Hal.
A voice divine, he was even my pal.
Then one day he was at a shooting op.
When out of the paparazzi came a lady named Frop.
Shane was her name.
Big lips, big hips.
Oh, no.
A lady.
Oh, gosh.
The Berkeley Howellbillies.
Guess I better put on my pants.
Y'all come back night here.
All right, all right.
Get this out of the way.
We're going to have a cop show now.
Splattigan.
Splattigan?
Yes.
He's a tough cop who makes tough decisions in a tough town.
Splattigan.
Now, when did we get the one about the topless lady cops in Miami?
Headless body found in topless bar.
I have that movie.
It's a DVD.
You do have that?
Susie gave us a book about that.
It's a great little, well, it's a joke, too.
I mean, there's a...
No, it really happened.
I know, I know.
But it's like the phrase itself is not unlike, um,
Oh, Brother, Where Art Thou?
which is a Hollywood code for if I call Hal and say,
Well, the movie that you're working on, how's that going?
And Hal says, Oh, Brother, Where Art Thou?
It means the project he's working on really stinks.
Severed Hand writes 14 novels.
Hey!
You mean The Beast with Five Fingers?
Severed Hand composes Sonata.
Seven Hands composed seven symphonies.
Beautiful!
Seven Sisters or Seven Brothers.
And these treatments can only be played by the left hand on the piano.
What?
Yes, the Beast with Five Fingers can leap about on the piano and play the piano.
It is quite a sight.
And only if you have two left hands.
Thank you, Thing.
Do I have to keep practicing, Dr. T?
Yes, again and again.
Oh.
A one and a two and a...
Ten little happy fingers dancing in the line.
Ten little happy fingers and they're mine, all mine.
They're mine, they're mine.
Now isn't that just fine?
Hey, wait a minute.
These aren't fingers.
Sorry.
These are...
We have to get him before the show.
These aren't minds.
Good.
My mind is not my mind.
Good.
What are these?
Lord.
Your mind is my mind.
Jack Lord.
And the most astonishing thing about it is...
The clavicular suspension is...
Can't do the levering.
I always hesitate to quote those monster movies when you're around, Dr. Howell,
because I know I'm getting a word off.
No.
It's probably astounding instead of astonishing or something.
I know.
It's amazing, astonishing, fantastic, unbelievable, preposterous.
It's behind.
You won't believe our eyes when we see the horrible sights of the show versus the thing.
Who would win?
Man, that's a tough one.
If Batman fought the show, who would win?
This beast has no lungs and it has no heart.
The show versus the thing?
It's more like what we would call a vegetable.
It breathes through a network of small tubules throughout its body.
Hence, gunfire has no real disadvantage.
These occurrences are pure figments of imagination.
Any abnormal sound?
No.
The sound is just the reflection.
All these things are made up of very subtle
millimeters.
That one has to capsize completely.
5 seconds.
You're right.
Incredible, absolutely incredible.
Mind over matter.
The whole business is mind over matter.
Totally and absolutely mind over matter.
Normal.
Normal.
Why do you want to be normal?
Think about it, no one.
Rather, rather.
Make more noise.
I hear it.
Come on, I hear it.
If I get in the blood pressure, rather, rather.
Rather.
Normal.
Normal.
Normal.
Normal.
Normal.
Normal.
Normal.
Normal.
Normal.
Rather!
Rather!
Make more noise!
I hear it!
Come on, I hear it!
Rather!
Rather!!!
And there's my becoming a poblengian.
Ladeeeeer!!!
Heroes glory foy more!
I Şimdi s Hunting Or講 SantiagoJackalat Const Brandachie


Incredible. Absolutely incredible. Mind over matter. Mind over matter.
Have you ever had any psychiatric help?
I think you've developed some kind of obsession here. I think you need some help.
Incredible. Absolutely incredible.
Why do you want to be normal? You know? It's more fun not to be.
Absolutely incredible.
Bravo. Bravo. Make more noise. Let's hear it. Come on. Let's hear it.
Bravo.
Bravo.
Incredible.
Absolutely incredible. Mind over matter.
The conspiracy made you want to be normal.
Normal. Normal. Normal.
Happily, delightfully, competently normal.
These occurrences are pure figments of imagination.
It's not normal.
Make more noise.
Let's hear it. Come on. Let's hear it.
Bravo. Bravo.
Incredible.
Incredible.
Bravo. Bravo.

Incredible.
Incredible.
Incredible.

Episode ing age-qualifying.
Look, what you do is astonishing.
It makes you ask questions.
Difficult.
Over propelling?
I care less.

Because I'm sustainably continue with work.
What does this expend?
I'm always spend at work.
hype it does work it works because it's magnesium I've used it long enough and
I've had thousands of things they discovered both hips and I didn't pay
much attention to it but pain pills I fell off my head and I landed on my but
my audience was better than what can specifically help them look at this here
this is sweet tarts yeah sugar and we all know that sugar yes
health number five wax these things are needed in fact they block the
absorption of the body and that's it plastic why did you use the hard plastic
Sherry a lot of people like taking pills I've had patients they say I swallow the
pills okay right well and look at heart dick I don't know the chemicals my
vitamins break down in fact if you come over here let me show you people
probably find some of these in the toilet yeah okay my formula is this this
person it's already dissolved it is quite a

amazing for almost you start to feel like you're normal again you're
absolutely amazing I'm six I have high blood disorder already I feel in my life
a few months ago arthromyalgia osteo-rightus fibrosis
this concludes the emergency
inflammation on 11 March 2018 some of those improvements were shuttered




georg the Omretto and WXT I just listen to our of slash number one thousand
412 most of which is the puzzling evidence show of February 22nd our titles
that collaged just then and PR news are by Lemur.
The song Normal was by Reverend Bill T. Miller's Kings of Feedback
and the song The Marriage of Bob and Connie
was by Sister Melodious Chops with Princess We Also Singing,
that band also known as Victoria Ganger and Revelry.
The crazy cartoon-like instrumental back near the beginning
was Poop Hat Cha-Cha by the Rudy Schwartz Project
from Full Frontal Klugman
and the other little cut-up clips were all from Reverend Royal Decapitator.
The sub-step music behind me is by Reverend Two Beans as seen at X-Day.
Now, an instrumental break by the Swingin' Love Corpses
with the Drummond Brothers on horns,
a piece aptly called Bad Medicine.
icc..
Cancelled by Chase
rave risk baby
zitting
rock, box and paper
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
From PR News in Washington, I'm expected to last all day, counting 79 felons in 3D today.
Authorities say he led a quiet life until now.
Grand theft under the influence or involuntary robbery.
Leading to a 21-car pileup.
PR News.
PR's reports say local police must now take place within two months.
The document has triggered mass protests, but supporters say this is PR News from Washington.
Britain's Queen Elizabeth.
Elizabeth expressed the enthusiasm for me and my family.
27 people were killed.
California Governor Jerry Brown has pardoned PR News in Washington.
I was allowed to utilize their education devices, which are these huge walls that they have on the ship.
You would basically be in this very extremely comfortable chair, and you would just look at the wall,
and it would interact, it would interface with your mind,
and you would see in 3D all the particular sets of information,
whether it was history or whatever.
You would see that in your mind's eye, and it would be set up so it could be retained.
And after that, they would quiz on me.
And they would also ask me later when I went back down to my Earth place, my Earth home,
they would ask me to go to the libraries, and then when I came back up again,
they would quiz on me, and then I would do things with them.
Electro-dynamometer coming on the platform now, Doctor.
Mmm, good, yes. Stand back, everybody.
Ease up on those fears and give J.R. Bob Dobbs a little time.
You know, America wants a return to basics and winning ways.
But Trading Smith must remain at the top of our list of tasks.
Ah, the trusty Smith.
Well, that's a coincidence that you said all that, Doctor.
How? Because I noticed on the sports page of the newspaper,
it says something about ease up on those fears.
It's true. I read it in TV Guide.
You've Bob got a little time.
Trading Smith tops lists of tasks.
Oh, all sorts of things just happened in the news.
Alex Smith. Hey, that's my kid.
All right, now, calm down.
He joined the 49ers?
This is, you have this dream a lot.
Yeah, you guys should, you come, well, actually, it's earlier than that.
The 49ers meet in Death Valley every November.
The Santa Clara 49ers?
That's worth, and it's Woodstock for old people. It's amazing.
Forty Burton.
The 49ers, man.
The 49ers aren't in the market for a starting quarterback,
but they're hoping there's a market for their ex-starter, Zandy Smith.
But what about Bubba Butkus?
He can pound that Zandy Smith into A-Lo Vera.
Yeah, but he's not, he's not fast.
No, that's not.
Smith is small, but he's fast.
He's steady, though. He keeps on coming. He keeps on coming.
As long as he can put down this stupid investigation.
Oh, there they go. Look at them.
Oh, he tripped over the ball.
Oh, he's kind of, he's had a lot of brain damage, but he's still out there on the field.
You know, according to the diagram that was on the sports page,
he's broken every bone in his body, some of them more than once.
It shows his many injuries. There's a cutaway view here.
Well, I've got a lot of money riding on this fight.
Well, you know, I think if we don't get the outcome we want, we can find that outcome.
So, just relax up here in the President's box, and anything you need, a friend of Bob doesn't need to ask.
You don't even have to write it down. Just ask.
Just remember, we might need a favor of our own come Election Day.
From on Earth?
From the Earth people. Those fools, those chumps, simps.
Huh.
Yes, they'll be laughing out the other side of their ears.
Or esophagus, when the star traders from Sirius come down in their skyships.
Fixed-legged fools milling about in their cage of three dimensions.
Puny humans.
For am I not Groot?
I don't know, are you?
Lord of all the timber in the universe?
Not anymore, because the show's almost over.
Am I not Gafroon?
You're gonna have to hang up your little costume.
Oh, no, I guess I'm not.
Am I not Funny Name Monster?
No, you're not, Daddy.
He who wears diapers?
Well, we all wear diapers.
Who brings money into the cash register?
All us monsters wear these diapers. They're not diapers, they're trunks.
They're trunks, that's right. You know, and I asked Mr. Kirby about that, and he says...
They're space pants!
Well, they couldn't be naked.
They're space pants!
Well, that tells us that they do have...
That tells us they were hiding something. They were hiding monster nads.
As in this historic comic book.
Moon Pots!
Monsters on the Rag.
In which Moon Pots and Dinosaur Devil first appeared?
Now that, no, wait a minute, that was Devil Dinosaur and Moon Boy.
Uh, I'll have to...
Moon Dinosaur and Devil Boy.
You've been listening to the subgenius radio ministry Hour of Slash.
For free information, write to...
Praise Bob!
Friends, we're glad you listened to this show, and we're even more glad that some listeners have donated enough to help us keep on going for another couple of months.
Not just this show, but subgenius.com and all the other archive sites.
But if you truly love Bob, and want some of that slack back to rebound to you,
you should go to subgenius.com front page, or especially the radio page, or the catalog store pages,
and help out financially as best you can.
Now, we know what it's like to be on the brink of total poverty, and we don't want any subgeniuses to make their own situations worse.
But some of you still have jobs.
Even five bucks makes a big difference, even if it's only once a month, from enough of you.
Fifty bucks makes an even bigger difference.
All we're saying is that blow jobs could go the way of Steve jobs if you don't pay Dobbs.
We also take checks and money orders to subgenius foundation.
P.O. Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Thanks for anything you can do to help let there be slack.
