I am seeking information about Bob. Let us see what is on the radio.
You're listening to PR News.
No, I don't think I can accept that program.
Nor that one.
The subgenius power of SWAT.
With everyone obsessing over this werejackal character, it's easy to forget that not long ago, the people in this hemisphere lived under the peaceful tyranny of Gorr, the invisible behemoth. Remember that?
Of course.
Nothing pleased Gorr more than a powerful...
He was wonderful, though.
Well, that monster has long since been deposed by the werejackal.
I don't call him a monster.
But don't let that stop you from doing your duty. Be it kin, credits, or corn, try to honor the past by giving proper tribute at the designated time.

Or else the werejackal will kill you in your sleep.
Drop off your dead goods, your candle with hands, and your sanded slack at a number of stations across the city.
Now you can burrow in your loved ones the same way our species burrows in the Earth itself. You heard me right, it's...
Pete Naughty's House of Ganges Smut Analyzer Liquidation Sale.
That's right. Nothing says...
I love you.
Like a poke in the intestine.
I love you.
Or like intestines with twelve inches of molded plastic.
Don't let the impotence plague cost you your sexmate.
Nail your sweetie to the bed every night with one of our discount analyzers.
Pete Naughty's House of Ganges Smut.
Your outlet for all of your deviant needs.
And as always, we have your poppers, flare guns, bongs, duct tape, executioners, masks, left-handed cigarettes, and other tobacco accessories.
That's...
Pete Naughty's House of Ganges Smut.
Everyone else is jerking you around.
Visit our showroom at the 5th Auxiliary Service Tunnel next door.
Next to the crematorium.
See you there.
We will be right back.
Well, let me tell you something.
I am showing a nipple right now.
All right?
I am doing this show in the nude.
And the FCC might have a problem with that.
I don't know.
But, yeah, I'm showing more than just nipple right now.
Rob, would you like to hear a very well-worded short statement about that famous nipple?
Sure.
This was posted by Nenslow.
On the Internet.
Nenslow said,
So it seems that millions and millions of USA-Americans
watching the world's biggest lout rampage of no-brow hulks
competing to see who can smash into each other hardest
were offended and insulted at being forced to see a girl's one little kitty.
Dear Ben Lawton, please take me now.
Look at the monkey, funny monkey, little red monkey acting so fidgety.
Look at the monkey, funny monkey, little red monkey, cute as can be.
Where is his mama, papa, sister, brother, cousin, rest of the family?
Little red monkey on his own, some very lonesome monkey, is he?
Listen carefully, Dick and Jimmy, because here is a job for you.
What is it?
If you get him into the zoo.
The zoo?
He'd do all of his tricks for you.
Joy, why not drop him a line or two?
What for?
Inviting him to the zoo.
For if we do.
Then what?
He'll be a happy, snappy monkey, little red monkey acting so merrily.
We hope you like this little red monkey.
Very lonesome monkey, is he?
Little Red Monkey by Jimmy Edwards and Dick Bentley
brought to us by...
by the letter K.
Before that, Lymph Node Institute did the Weird Jackal stuff.
And, well, we're at WCSB in Cleveland for this show a lot.
Sometimes recorded on Dr. Sinister's radio synesthesia by calling in.
Sometimes broadcasting from the Cleveland-only version of Hour of Slack
from the very studios of WCSB itself,
rather than here in...
my castle.
Anyway...
I'll tell you, I saw an interesting movie called Calendar Girls.
Now, this is on the subject of Unmentionables,
which is a lightweight British fictional movie
about the true story of these old gals in England
who made money for their local church
by selling nude calendars of themselves.
Kind of like the Church of the Subgenius?
Well, these were...
What are you talking about?
These were not...
not as freakish and deformed by normal standards,
nor as beautiful by subgenius standards.
But it was a freak show for people who go,
Oh, my God, you mean old people even, like, do that kind of thing?
That's horrible.
That'd be like making love to a Galapagos tortoise's neck.
That's just...
Unsavory.
Unsavory.
Now, you know, the more I think about it,
No, don't go there.
Don't even.
As they said in the early 90s,
don't even.
Or the 80s, I can't remember.
Somebody needs to turn their radio down.
Because I am hearing that feedback.
Another subgenius.
Here, this is more on the breast of the news.
I knew as soon as I saw the breast...
Yeah, I'm listening to the radio and you're...
So you saw it.
...that I had to sell.
That five delay sucks.
That's against...
You know, they shouldn't have that.
Shouldn't have what?
That five second delay.
That's crazy.
Well, yeah, I tend to believe that we should be able to broadcast
stuff that we see fit, you know, as long as we're not, you know,
slandering people or anything like that, you know?
Right.
You don't want to say the F word.
Well, no.
I mean, I think there's nothing wrong with it, personally.
I think it ought to be allowed.
Right.
You know, so long as...
Yeah, Shona Nipple.
You know what?
I thought she had a band-aid or something.
I don't know.




I've seen it live.
I didn't even notice it until I'd seen it ten minutes later in a commercial.
Well, you don't want children to hear people on the radio talking like their parents talk.
Oh, that's right.
You know, that's where the parental guidance comes in.
You know, by all...
We must not let those foul curse words fall upon the dainty ears of the children
coming out of speakers.
My virgin ears!
If it's a TV or rap, then it's bad.
And, you know, in radio, then...
But if it's a parent's...
Yeah, you know, with CBS, it wasn't HBO.
But keep it in the family.
Right.
That's right.
Those are two totally different mega-conglomerates.
With the quiet...
So how can anybody complain about an exposed female breast in the first place?
That is itself an example of how the conspiracy mocks our very slacklessness, brazenly, mercilessly.
Yeah, I was...
Have you forgotten where we live?
Yeah.
Yeah.

























The bar is because they saw an unauthorized nipple.
And meanwhile, the most gross violence and injustice is happening.
But what are they looking at?
Oh, my God.
Did you see that?
Yeah, I think that...
If it was a National Geographic special, you'd show two of them and nobody'd raise a...
Mob?
Yes.
For if the Virgin Mary would only dress the way Jesus does on those crucifixes, friends,
that religion would be three times...
Four!
Four!
Four!
Three times as popular as the Beatles themselves.
We would follow the Beatles everywhere.
Oh, ladies.
So divine.
Instead of putting a nickel in your pantalones, I will put my chewing gum in your hair.
For the...
To sell a religion, friends, you don't need all the answers.
You only need one good answer.
And that good answer is Bob, my friend.
And now, you know, as Poop Bobby Bob says...
the Pink Boys got a Bob complex.
And it's true, nothing is fair
and nothing to get hung about.
But when you take the path less traveled,
you often find that it's less traveled for a reason.
It's easy for us weirdos to be jerks
because we're trying to do more than normal people.
And us preachers have to do more than just lay people.
So praise Bob and help me somebody
because the bargain bin ladens
have been stinking up the bush of freedom.
Stale pee has befouled our constitution.
The skull and bones guys get all the good drugs.
I dare him a load of a splite on a lad of...
And it turns out that the John Birchers
were right.
They were right all along about the CFR
and the Trilateral Commission.
And it turns out the CFR and the Trilateral Commission
were all right about the Bilderbergers
and the Heinehausers.
The kooks were right.
The right-wingers are the commies.
They were hiding in plain sight,
right under our noses.
They had us looking for them where they are.
In your face.
That's where the mark of the beast lies, my friend.
Your face.
Above your hairline.
The mark shall be...
Put on your hand and on your forehead.
Well, the one on your hand is your thumbprint.
The one on your forehead is your face.
Your face is the mark of the beast.
It's the final program, my friend.
Do you have hope?
Do you have faith?
If you do, you are a fool.
What you need is Bob.
J.R. Bob Dobbs and his teachings
are the only thing standing between you
and complete brainlessness.
Actually, he's what will lead you
to complete brainlessness,
but that's a...
That's getting too complicated.
Friends, you must be saved,
even if it kills you.
For he shall come as a thief in the night,
and he shall be a salesman,
and then shall take your last,
last credit card.
For he'll...
And then you find yourself taking that bath
that is less bubbled.
Friends, you know,
just as suicide is the most
sincere form of self-loathing,
Bob's new church,
the church of the subgenius,
is the most sincere form of send one dollar.
Praise Bob and hail Connie.
Connie, that beautiful wife of Bob,
the feminine essence
which balances Bob's ultimate maleness, yes?
Connie, the seductive side of slack.
Bob, the rich, successful, lucky side of slack.
The single one word you need to remember.
Connie.
Simple, kindly.
Connie.
The connective tissue from the top of your skull
to the bottom of your toes.
Connie.
25 cents any time you peek.
Connie.
She came from another place,
and she went back as soon as she came.
She came back as soon as she came.

White folks do some funny things.
The plight of our people is desperate.
Destined for disaster.
George Bush Sr. did that for us
because he cares.
Yes, white folks do the funniest things.
Has that flag-waving cheerleading rah-rah bullshit
stopped or died down at all?
Really?
Have flag pills to eat
and then you shit out a flag.
That's true patriotism.
Perpetual war for perpetual peace.
Perpetual war for perpetual peace.
We vote on.
We who?
We vote on.
Who benefits?
Perpetual war for perpetual peace.
Perpetual war for perpetual peace.
We vote on.
We who?
We vote on.
Who benefits?
In whose interest are these wars?
Well, you know, people vote and they don't inform themselves and they're willfully ignorant in this country.
They don't want to know.
I don't want it.
Bill O'Reilly said, and that's good enough for me, you know.
How eager they are to be slaves.
Hey, Indians, get a Bible, then we'll talk, all right?
It's called Manifest Destiny.
Look it up.
It's in the book we wrote.
Thank you.
That was not funny.
We vote on.
We who?
Remember, some seamen.
And nobody's fucking paying attention to all the fucking truly evil shit he's doing and can get away with
using the war on terrorism and the fucking thousands of people who died as an excuse
to protest.
We're going to push through every shitty agenda, roll back civil rights, women's rights, you know,
separation of church and state.
It's all being rolled back, you know.
And, but we're all, we're ignoring it.
We're going, hey, good job on the bombing.
Very strange present.
Born deaf and dumb.
Have flag pills to eat and then you shit out a flag.
That's true patriotism.
Act of patriotism with a twist.
The blood is on the head of the boss.
The blood is on the head of the boss.
The dancing corpses.
There's a choice, my beakers.
There's a choice, my beakers.
There's a choice, my beakers.
There's a choice, my beakers.
Stranger to kindness.
In a moment, I'll tell you about a funny election.
Yes, white folks do the funniest thing.
War on War by Norrell Preff and more on Preff at heavyconfetti.com.
And in other news, Ashcroft update, friends.
Lying in a near-death state in intensive care, Attorney General John Ashcroft is getting the very best care money can buy.
His attending surgeon, Dr. Phil Farnsworth, has said that despite introducing massive amounts of marijuana smoke into his lungs,
Ashcroft is still barely hanging on.
If only he could get multiple semen injections into his hind fast enough and orally, he might have a chance.
There just aren't enough homosexual men on the East Coast willing to make that life-saving gesture, it seems, said Dr. Farnsworth.
A Miss Leticia Lacowana-Jones of Voodoo High Priestess has been brought in as a consultant from New Orleans
at her insistence several dozen calico cats maintaining.
A noisy vigil outside his 10th-story hotel room window have been removed.
Him soul being sick, she was quoted as saying,
he be needin' some of that high John DeConquer root and some special double mojo gree-gree powder I makes up.
The devil got strong claws in this one for sure.
Well, you can certainly only agree with that.
The devil certainly has.
He has his big red claws right in John Ashcroft's derriere.
Certainly does.
And it doesn't look like he's about to release.
No, not anytime soon.
We expect flying monkeys to be bringing him home.
Flowing?
Via the usual route, past the Beltway and up through the Georgetown crossover.
Right up the Ashcroft, you say, eh?
Yes, and here he comes.
It looks like the processional's about to start for the former justice minister of...
...external sciences.
Oh, my, my, my, my.
John Z. Ashcroft, as the motorcade wings its way slowly.
That's really bewildering, isn't it?
It's not really winging its way, though, is it?
It's kind of slow.
No, yes, yes.
And it's being pulled by three delayed gray horsies, one bigger than the other, each one smaller.
And it looks to me like the whole Ashcroft family, if there is such a thing, is crying, waving little Kleenexes.
And there's little...
What's his name?
Bill Bill.
Little Bill Bill.
Little Billy Bill.
Little Billy Bill is shedding his one solitary tear, according to the Patriotism Act.
Apparently, he's only allowed to shed one per four-hour delay.
And so then there are horses' ashes on horses' ashes, then?
It looks like a full orange recoup.
It looks like everybody's going to be there.
And as they approach the diorama now, the horses are getting closer.
But the...
The
Oh, yeah.
I want to pass into the mud and become one of the great flowers.
Oh, Mr. Tang?
Oh, Reverend.
Hello?
Can I ask you about psychic powers?
How can I connect your...
Psychic flowers?
I wanted to ask you a serious question about it.
How can I connect your...
Well, serious.
This is a good place to ask a serious question.
Okay, what's the question?
I wanted to ask you something.
If you're able to have visions, and within a year of having those visions, something bad happens in a certain place,
like a year before what happened in New York happened, I had a vision of something...
Well, you're a psychic, and you should be making money by taking psychic friend phone calls.
Yeah, you should turn it into your erotic kind of urges.
And you know what else I can do?
Yeah.
Well, see, with your erotic urges, there's a lot of stuff you can do with your psychic ability.
I could tell when people are about to die.
Well, people will pay for that.
You know, you should be making good money at that.
Can you tell when they're about ready to be born again or any of that stuff, or just when they're going to leave this time?
When they're going to leave this time, I could tell by their energy.
Their energy.
When is Donald Rumsfeld going to die?
Yeah, we wanted to know about that one.
He's not going to die yet, but the vice president, Cheney...
Yeah?
Cheney?
Probably in a year to a year and a half, he's going to die.
He already looks like he had a stroke.
That is too freaking short of a long of a time for me, man.
He already looks like he had a stroke.
He sits there and half his face is asleep already.
Talk to Tim Lee again.
I think they're lying to us.
The man is already dead.
They're going to get the documents someday.
But his energy is...
People have, like, an energy.
Yeah, their ki.
And you could feel it when it's dying.
Yeah.
Have you ever noticed a little...
You've been feeling of Cheney, huh?
Yeah.
You've been feeling of Cheney.
By looking at his mouth, have you passed your punky-spunky sputum into his area?
You want to stick your tongue in Cheney's mouth, don't you?
No, I don't.
You don't.
Don't give us that.
Because he is dying.
We see right through this ruse.
You could feel, like, a negative energy, too.
Okay, how about the press?
I know we're not allowed to ask, but we're just kind of, you know, just basically asking.
When's old W going to kick the hucket?
Not anytime soon.
How about the Catholic Church?
When are they all going to die?
Right.
When is the Pope going to pass into another generation?
The Pope.
Yeah.
How long can this Pope mother, you know, how long can this guy...
Have you seen him, W?
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Yes.
He's already dead.
He's like one of those bodies looking down.
His eyes are closed.
They roll him up to the microphone.
He's going to be, like, one of the first people that probably dies next year.
You mean, like, around January, something?
Yeah.
Yeah.
First of the year.
So that'll be, like, our little Moxie Bobber and our little...
That'll be our New Year.
He's going to die on Christmas.
Yeah.




His energy isn't, like...
Hey, I bet they're taking...
I bet you can get odds on...
I bet you can get odds on a Pope's death.
Odds?
Yeah.
What's so odd about that?
Every Pope dies.
No, I bet you can lay bets on it.
Oh, oh, I see.
Game of chance.
Let's go on to Vegas.com and find out.
Well, there are no chances.
There's no synchronicities, and there are no coinkydinks.
Yeah, huh?
It's all smooth as gravy to me, folks.
We must eliminate wasteful and frivolous religious congregations.
These institutions...
Gamble their lives...
Lives and futures on drugs.
We expect third graders to get rid of steroids now.
The aim here is to punish children not performing.
Drug use in high school has the children shuffling along.
Protect them from junk, and you will kill them.
Our nation must defend the sanctity of chaos incarnates in God's sight.
Unless you act.
Unless you act.
Unless you act.
Unless you act, George W. Bush.
Tard.
Tard.
Tard.
Unfair.
Bush.
Tard.
Back up.
Sexually transmitted diseases.
Sexually transmitted diseases.
Small businesses will pay higher taxes.
Drug testing in our schools.
Border.
Border.
An un-and.
An un-and.
An un-and.
Out from the shadows of American life.
Filled with victims.
Dick.
Dick.
Dick.
Dick.
The American people have now been captured or killed.
As a union of a man and a man and the addicted.
Faith-based.
Faith-based.
George W. Bush.
Listen to your mom.

Mom or dad.
Dan.
Dan.
Dan.
Dan.
Dan.
Dan.
Dan.
Dan.

Dan.
Dan.
Dan.
Dan.
Dan.
The cause we serve is filled with victims.
Pillars who hide in cities.
The addicted.
Faith-based groups commit crime.
The negative influence of faith-based groups.
Unleashing the faith-based.
Again.
Them.
Against them.
Again.
Again.
Them.
Against them.
Again.
May God continue to doubt the word of America.
The last shrub.
By Norrell Kraft.
I love to sing-a.
I like to sing-a.
Never stop-a to my papa.
I wipe a flag-a.
With a cheer for Jackie Bunny and another for my mommy.
No!
We love to sing.
Yeah, scenes from the latest subgenius convention in Little Rock, Arkansas.
Unfortunately, the latest one was 1985.
And the choir, what a beautiful young choir they had of children who were all gelded at a much earlier age.
So they could not only carry the high notes, but also their mother's pilferages and the small things they brought home from work.
Because they were working out of mines for a long time.
It makes their skin nice and soft and smooth, too.
Yes, yes.
It makes it supple.
Like a rag.
Nice and supple, yes.
Much like their foreheads when they're implanted with the tubes.
Yes.
Those glistening alumite tubes.
Yes, yes.
They conduct those little children all the way into deep space with just a moment's thought.
A little perforce.
That's how they can sit right.
Yes.
Yes.
Very...
Oh, Ashcroft has been healed!
I can see his wings, Brownie.
It's a miracle!
The sun is rising over America.
Everything will be beautiful and wonderful again.
Howdy, Nurse Bess. I'm feeling fine.
I want to go out that way.
Look out the window.
Help, help, help me.
My feet.
Jesus.
Oh, yeah.
The light out there is blinding.
Yes?
Yes.
It's a blinding light everywhere.
In his ears, in his eyes, in his neck!
Not only is asbestos an excellent source of 27 different vitamins and minerals, but it's
also the only fire-proofing material that can suppress your genital herpes.
It also makes the delicious drinks for mom and the kids, especially after school when
they're laying around fondling each other's foreheads.
Mom and dad enjoy the rich, rich flavor and the strange dreams it brings every night.
And those dreams are bringing us to the end of the world.
We're bringing lots and lots of money.
Somewhere.
Well, let's not forget mercury as we sing the praises of asbestos.
Mercury was a substance that used to be a lot of fun to play with.
And now it's deadly poison.
It tastes good and it's good for you.
Yeah.
Oh, no.
Now it'll kill you.
Oh, it'll turn your maker babies be born with monsters.
No, you'll just end up with mad hatter syndrome, that's all.
Yeah.
And, you know, I'm the maddest hatter of them all.
Yeah.
Well, you just rub mercury on your scalp, then.
Yeah.
Did they tell you not to rub mercury in your, actually into your cranium, you know?
I mean, give me a break, you know?
Actually, I've been looking for a mad helmet maker.
You take it as a homopathic remedy.
Do you, do you know, can you do helmets?
You have to do helmets yourself with some Saran Wrap.
And the same, and then same helmet maker, same difference, whatever.
You rub your bed.
Schizophrenic helmet maker, any kind of helmet maker who's differently sane.
I'll see if I can get in touch with the, uh, with the mad germaphobe.
I'm not sure if I can get in touch with the, uh, with the mad germaphobe.
I'm just gonna go to the Cernyman's Network and we'll get you hooked up with one.
Yeah, I need some, some, some mad or deranged hat wear.
Some mad trans, uh, trans-
Are you, are you covering the gaping wound in your skull now with the, where your brain's
starting to come out?
Or is it just, uh, you know, a fashion thing?
Oh, that's been, we put the, uh, clear plastic-
It's not my brain coming out.
This is the evil humor.
Plexiglass over that so that you can see it.
Well, that's what I was saying.
If you want the real helmet look, all you gotta get some Saran Wrap and a rubber band
and pop the, you know, pop the actual brain part out so it looks like the end of your
phallus.
No, no, no.
The whole idea is to shield the brain from the rays.
You know, Dave, it's just a glorified, you know, aluminum-
That's Saran Wrap.
You're halfway to a hot Carl.
You guys are sick.
Well, no, we have deviated septum, so it just kinda sounds like we're sick.
Yeah.
Chepti.
We had the septums deviated, but we were born with normal septum.
Yeah, it was the only part of-
He started listening to that, to that evil rock and roll music.
Yeah.
And now they're all deviants.
Yeah.

And now they're all deviants.

My septum and my octum and my, and my quadrum.
Really quadrum.
Hide your body modification.
Like, I've had several bones carefully broken and then mended back together in weird patterns.
You don't really see them.
You just feel them.
I'm calling it.
We are bringing back the sarcophagus now.
We're ready to ensconce it on the diamond area of the cathedral here.
Is that what that smells?
It's right underneath the obelisk.
Oh, yeah.







It's a little obelisk dome.
Or is that an obelisk or a dome?
And that's where, that's where John will be laid to rest for the full view of the listless
audience.
It looks like there are several thousand people making their way past the sarcophagi,
each holding their small hand out to touch the former justice, justice, justices sarcophagus.
And it looks like, oh, there are some very, very large, people with large heads are weaving

now and it looks like the sergeant of arms and the corporal of rights are trying to
remove these people.
I don't know if it can be done with the sheer size of their heads or not.
Justice, the justices, just out of sight.
It's just about time for a time to reconnect the tubes.
I was surprised.
George Bush equates the terrorists with the United States position.
And I don't really care.
I've done more crap.
So you keep your mouth shut.
You know why?
Warped view of father.
What about George Bush?
That's it.
I'm not going to say anymore.
Shut up.
Cut his mic.
I'm not going to dress you.
We're done.
You're watching the number one program on people news.
Enter the spin zone on the shut up factor.
The most powerful name in news.
Shut up.
News channel.
I feel bad.
I really do.
Spin cycle by Noral Prep.
Stand up, baby.
Stand up.
Let me see.
Let me see.
Wait a minute.
Let me put my eye back in.
I'll keep an eye out for you.
As president of the United States, I would like to pronounce my consonants very hardly.
Or hardly at all.
I would like to say that I have gone to see the passion of Christ and have returned invigorated
as a new leader of my United States.
I know that my Christ, my Lord, my leader, and my big guy, my God, my God, my God, my
God, my God, my God.
And with their main thing being to walk the national walk.
Each one of them is to be loved.
I know that I have spring at the feet of Cortes.
I already beat him with a mountain of beatings.
Now, I knew him because of how much he stood to�
because of how strong he was.
And of course, David, David.
David was a great man.
How many others do you have that you can get away with?
Disneyland is a little different in terms of golfing.
Yeah, I'm a pistols hundred drop.
Your head is everyday žéšt всё中国 Cher nation.




You don't know what it is?
This is the stories.
W. Bush.
Yeah.
Please stand and say the Pledge of Allegiance with me.
Okay.
I pledge alignment to the flakes of the untitled snakes of America
and to the Republicans for which they stand
one macho underpants invisible with licorice and jars of wine for hours.
Amen.
What about penis? Is penis a bad word?
No, penis...
Only depending on how it's used.
Just as it is in life.
Right.
In the law books.
It is all the bit as bad depending on how it is used.
It can be used for good or for evil.
I mean, you know why they named it that?
Because half of the little girls missing are named Amber.
They could have called it the Heather Alert,
the way America is so sallow and vinipid today.
You had a daughter?
Yes.
Okay.
Well, I don't mean it in that kind of cruel way
where I'd like to torture my own children.
I didn't say that.
I sometimes do like to slap them a little bit.
That's why John Walsh...
People should eat their young.
Eat your young.
Eat your young.
Eat your young.
That's a lot of guys. That's a lot of convicts.
Well, there are a lot of roads that need to be built in this country, my friend,
and I hope you're one of the first people that understands that we need meat.
We need strong arms and tiny little feet to build great railways
and to...
Stretch the American Union and...
And eat their young.
If you don't want your kids to come up missing,
you better get a microchip put in their head.
Because if somebody gets your kid...
This guy's recommending good things.
A microchip...
Why do people even have children anymore?
Why don't you just get a...
Why don't you just buy an Android?
If I could do it right now
and put something in my kid's head
where if she was missing like a non-star system,
if they can do a car, they can do a kid, right?
There will be a chip in every garage.
And this is how the New World Order...
The last time he drove to Buffalo,
we could use that non-star system in his head.
And this is how the New World Order will be created.
Roland was a warrior
From the land of the midnight sun
With a Thompson gun for hire
Fighting to be done
The deal was made in Denmark
On a dark and stormy day
So he set out for Biafra
To join the bloody fray
Through 66 and 7
They fought the Congo War
With their fingers on their triggers
Knee deep in gore
For days and nights they battled
The best in the world





And two to their knees
They killed to earn a living
And to help out the Congolese
Roland the Thompson Gunner
Roland the Thompson Gunner
His comrades fought beside him
Van Owen and the rest
But of all the men in the world
Of all the Thompson Gunners
Roland was the best
So the CIA decided
They wanted Roland dead
That son of a bitch Van Owen
Blew off Roland's head
Roland the headless Thompson Gunner
Norway's bravest son
To the heavens of the score
They can still see his headless body
Stalking through the night
In the muzzle flash
Of Roland's Thompson Gunner
In the muzzle flash
Of Roland's Thompson Gunner
Roland searched the continent
For the man who'd done him no good
He found him in
He found him in Mombasa
In a ballroom drinking gin
Roland aimed his Thompson Gun
He didn't say a word
But he blew out a once body
From there to Johannesburg
Roland the headless Thompson Gunner
Roland the headless Thompson Gunner
Roland the headless Thompson Gunner
Roland the headless Thompson Gunner
Talking about the man
Roland the headless Thompson Gunner
The eternal Thompson Gunner
Still wandering through the night
Now it's ten years later
But it still keeps up the fight
In Ireland, Ireland
In Lebanon
In Palestine
In Berkeley
Paddy Hearst
Heard the burst
Of Roland's Thompson Gun
And bought it
Was anybody here in the Navy?
I was a rear admiral
Oh my, sheesh, here we go
No more jokes about the fuzzy doctor again
No more consuming yourself
In the all incredible fire
Who's the fuzzy doctor?
Huh?
Who's the fuzzy doctor?
He is
You are the fuzzy doctor, my friend
I am Doctor Sinister
And I am here to help
Every man is a fuzzy doctor
This is the Doctor Sinister's Suicide Helpline
Cannibal Bushes are their own selves
And who can you be all?
I predict
Fuzzy doctors will be elected president
In the year 1997
A self-made man from the Midwest
And the middle of the world
Where things come down hard
Go back easy
And the world will be a better place







Fuzzy doctors grew up the easy way
Knowing mom and dad really cared for themselves
You guys that crazy out here
A hard-nosed, down-to-earth people
And he took the trains across the United States
And waved and whistled
Through the heartland
And kissed babies as far as he could see
And that's why fuzzy doctors
Is a man for you
A working man
A farmer
A stinker
A holy man and a sailor too
Are you gonna let the fuzzy doctor be forgotten, my friend?
Jackal can smell your guilt
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Obey the wear, Jackal
Ah, the commercial break
You know, commercials are now woven into the tapestry of our lives
Answering the questions we first posed to ourselves
Who am I?
What do I believe?
What is my worth?
Before commercials, these questions were merely rhetorical and thus unanswerable
But, when viewed through the magnifying lens of commercials
These questions, like all others, yield answers
Imagine, no more wondering about identity, self, or beauty
If you allow your life to reflect the questions you ask
Like the images in commercials
The nagging doubts and feelings of inadequacy will fall away
Leaving the person you've always dreamed of
The person you've always dreamed of
The person you've always dreamed of
Confident
Assured
Bold
Or
Beautiful
Sexy
Loved
Yes, America, you loved your commercials
And why shouldn't you?
Commercials are themselves lovers
Gentle are their words
Tender their caress
Commercials know what you like
And they want to give it to you
Attuned only to your wants and needs
Commercials stir the passions
And arouse desire
Commercials give and give
Reaching lovingly deep inside of you
Creeping tentatively at first
And then relenting
Into a singly focused writhing
Searching out the source of your ache
Pushing fiercely into your loneliness
And into a spot you never knew existed
Commercials fill you up with hopes and dreams
With new desires and new possibilities
Delivering you into an eerily delirious ecstasy
Afterward, you'll sleep as only someone who's been completely satisfied can
Only vaguely sensing the arm of commercials
Draped over your body
Holding you
Keeping you
Safe and secure
And you'll dream
Of ballroom dancing
Of game-winning home runs
Of first kisses
And of commercials
The preceding message was conceived by General Consensus Incorporated
And was funded entirely by you and consumers like you
You are doing a great job
Now go out and buy yourself something nice
Something red
You look beautiful in red
Do you like fat chicks but can't seem to find any during our current food outage?
How about chicks so fat that they seem like two or three chicks were eaten by this other chick?
Well hop on down to
The Werejackle's House of Boys!
Lymphnode Institute
Uh, Werejackle and so forth, friends
Before that, Lonesome Cowboy Dave
And Dr. Sinister, yours truly, Princess Wee and her collars
And whoever else
And before that, the late, great Warren Zevon, dear friends
Uh, the late, great Warren Zevon with Rollin' the Headless Thompson Gunner
Man, you know
Just thinking about the fates of so many of the great artistes
Cut down before they could find Bob
Man, it tears me up
We're just not saving them
We're failures
We are failures, man
I give up
I give up
I want to just end it all
But, you know, even at that
I blew it
He couldn't handle it
No
See, he was ready to commit suicide and he had already come to the right place
Dr. Sinister's Suicide Helpline
I'll tell you exactly how to do it
I'll prescribe you the medication necessary
Cause they don't call me Dr. Sinister for nothing
Oh, that's a good deal, friends
If you're looking to commit suicide
If you're thinking about it any time in the near future
You wanna call Dr. Sinister's Suicide Helpline
He gives you active tips on which button to push
If you're going for that quick shot
You might as well buy a gun
But some people actually like to crawl out the non-existent rear window
Much in the old, uh, same way as the old film noir from the 1940s
And they can't crawl back in
So you wanna call Dr. Sinister and make sure that if you're gonna swallow that Drano
Or put it in your vanos
That you know the right spot
That's right, we carry a wide variety of options for the end of your life
We have potassium chloride
We have thiopental sodium
We have sarin and ricin
We've got the solanine and the...
Scopamine
And we've got a high bridge on the way out of town
Sobs and big birds that sing in your poo
It's a wonderful world
It's a wonderful world
It's a wonderful world
He lives in his own little world, doesn't he?
His own little wonderful world
His own little world
He's safe in there
I think it's a beautiful song idea too
And you could have, you could have that as the bed
For your PSA, you know, for the suicide hotline
And, uh, jeez
Yeah, we gotta do some PSAs too
We are here to help
I don't know if my brain's getting hot now
Look at the monkey, bunny monkey
Little red monkey acting so fidgety
Get out your fiddle and play him a tune
Dick, very lonesome monkey is he
That was ghastly!
Don't think the monkey liked that Bentley
Seems to be jumpy, acting so fidgety
You cheer him up, Jimmy, with your euphonium
Little red monkey, cute as can be
I was in logic class
And, uh, they were using this example of like, uh, you know, a statement that is contradictory
Like, oh, this president is, uh, a lot, you know, some presidents are alive, some presidents are dead
Therefore, some presidents are both alive and dead
And they said, well, that's obviously not true
So I said, what about Reagan?
Reagan's retarded
Both alive and dead
There's your original silly jism if you want to talk about creating a new race of humans
Reagan!
Right there, there's your original silly jism
Is Ronald Reagan created from, uh, the first, uh, what do they call that, putty?
Ronald Reagan was a cowboy, he was a president, now he's crazy
Donovan's body, they called him
Yeah
The brain was kept elsewhere and was not used in, uh, political decisions at all
But was more of a sex toy for Nancy
Oh
Look at those lights down there
Would you go with me?
They're pretty
They're so beautiful
No
Sparkly and shiny
Little people
You know, I had all the laws of man and God
All the different colors
There may be an entirely new set of laws, Jim, that we know nothing about
Come out and say what you mean
I'm only guessing
Someone sing in my yard
Someone sing in my yard
Come by, uh
Someone sing in my yard
Come by, uh
Oh, Lord, come by, uh
Come by, uh
Is th-th-th-th-th-this th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-th-stuttering our
Slag?
So to you, my child, let me in
I'm here, I'm here, I'm here
Ever here, ever here
Come close and now
Come close and, Jim
Yeah, sit around
Sit around my feet
I had enough of the Bible when I was a kid
That's where the signals were coming from
From the bottom of my feet
Awesome
Well, that's sound
Let's order pizza
A what?
A pizza
A what?
A pizza
You know, round flat dough with tomatoes and toppings and cheese
I know what a pizza is
Well, how fabulous for you, darling
Because I could use a little mortal pleasure
You know, sex
I don't get it
Oh, come on
I've seen a number of your porno movies
And I've noticed that the pizza men tend to be rather
Well hung and quite over-sexed
You know, getting
Gatorской
Well, you know
You see what I say
I have an idea

It's not giving me the time
We spare the besttery
No write-up

Then by the point
A general
Ascension
Not a grave
Moral
Don't talk about the war
Get away from me

Get away from me
Excuse me sir, there's a call for you.
Hello, Becky, it's your time!
Zack, I got a sporting event laid out for this Saturday.
A fire eater named, uh, Philo.
Philo, never heard of him.
Lions and tigers and bears!
Bob, you there?
Philo, you there?
Dave?
Philo, are you making the, for the excrement for the baklava?
Philo doll, you there?
Did you know that, Reverend Howell, compared to slack nirvana,
it's like having your eyeballs slowly gouged out with a carrot peeler while receiving electroshock?
I know, man, it's so difficult to tell and explain to these people,
because most humans, or normals as we call them,
cannot conceive of experiences lying outside the ranges,
set, apparently etched in brass, by their own nervous system.
It just amazes me.
Ten hours spent basking in the sun,
in the white light of the ultimate,
is like ants crawling up your nose and burrowing deep in your sinuses
while you're dying of thirst in the desert.
In relation to an eighth of a second,
an eighth of a millisecond of slack.
We cannot do because it lies outside of our experiential base in this universe.
But by imagining that there can be such a thing as a new color,
Now, do you think it's possible for normals to know they have slack?
One has, essentially,
performed a leap of faith,
and this act of faith itself is sufficient.
Or do you have to realize slack before you can know slack,
even your own innate potential latent slack?
You notice it gradually, don't you?
This is the way it came for me.
You learn to surf on the luck plane,
to be an art bum,
not to have a job and somehow to get by,
to understand in all things,
Well, don't forget the working,
the power of working a mindless job for years and years just to pay your...
Five, five years, I've got to get my money back.
This is the happy warrior.
This is he.
Give me a hundred.
That's me.
And every man in arms.
For me, I took the other path.
I had to work for the conspiracy because my art was one which couldn't be expressed through normal...
Well, what may burrow in from within,
or donkey down from renown,
in order simply to gain the respect of the conspiracies unwinding agents?
Yes, we had to trickle down as opposed to bubble up and meet in the middle,
where we've performed our gap analysis only to find that we were...
Your so-called superiors in the hierarchy...
...wanting.
...wanting.
I bring in a camera and I want to borrow some money on that...
Be of good cheer.
Your so-called boss is not worth the...
Well, we'll let you...
If you bring your camera in, we'll let you borrow the money...
...the simple honor...
...the toe of your shoes.
...the simple honor...
...while we use the camera to take pictures of you...

...you are indeed his...
...the simple honor...
...in a compromising position.
...in a compromising position.
...because you are that elusive being...
...then we'll hold the camera and the pictures...
...a sub-genius.
...ransomed while you pay us more money...
But you might ask...
...not to distribute...
...but you might ask...
...to your family and loved ones.
...to your family and loved ones.

...to your family and loved ones.
The answer is incredibly simple.
I'm sorry we put these tight deadlines on you like that, but...
...unfortunately, that's the way we are.
...a sub-genius owes what for work.
...a sub-genius...
Don't try your crying.
...a sub-genius...
Your crying doesn't work on me.
...therefore, let us pause and parse...
Okay, well, you gave her the slack that I wouldn't give her.
...the word sub-genius itself.
Thank you.
The first syllable is the common prefix sub.
India is divided among Hindus, Sikhs, Mohammedan, and Jain.
This is commonly used...

...picturing God, man, and the universe...
...picturing God, man, and the universe...
...just as a submarine...
As these are very...
...goes beneath the surface of the water.
...goes beneath the surface of the water.
Yep.
Hello?
And to be sub-human...
I had a question.
...or sub-normal...
...is commonly considered a defect.
Is it true?
...is commonly considered a defect.
You know, I'm trying to explain something here, and you're interrupting me, but what
is it?
Is it true?
Your name...
What?
...is Steve Wilcox, and you're a pedophile from St. Louis.
You're entirely wrong.
That's not my name.
I've never been anywhere near St. Louis, and I thank you not too...
Pedophile from St. Louis.
Steve Wilcox.
Newsflash.
KPFA.
Oh my God.
KPFA?
Someone made the connection.
Thank you very much.
What?
But you say pedophile as if it's a bad thing.
This is how rumors get started.
Well.
But I like this one.
What about Fred Wilcox?
What about poor old Fred Wilcox?
Come on, let's make fun of pedophiles.
Well, I was just trying to explain what the word subgenius meant.
Well, same thing, right?
It's real.
First they say you can't get married.
Then they say you can't be a pedophile.
There is that sense, of course.
And it is a very real sense.
And we will come to that in time.
Well, when I joined up, they told me.
That you would have knowledge of those.
Okay, where's that Steve Wilcox guy?
We want him to call back right now.
There was a youth corps.
A youth corps of subgenius youth.
We want you to call back right now.
I've met some of them.
And they are the brightest, most well-scrubbed, shining faces in the rising generation.
They are 100% true blue Americans whose red blood pulsates in them through the marching rhythms of John Phillips.
Let's not make fun of pedophiles.
I'm not making fun of them.
We won't do it anymore.
I'm saying.
That to be a, well, you know, it is getting perilously close to the end of our program.
And perhaps we should leave these distinctions in the theoretical murk in which they are temporarily enshrined.
Yes, we must make the transition back to normalcy.
And no longer pick over what a while earlier in a less normal time slot seemed to be wholesome provender.
I agree with that.
But I only wanted to finish saying what the word subgenius meant.
And I explained the sub part.
Now I've got to explain the genius.
You see, everybody thinks that subgenius has something to do with intelligence or stupidity.
And, of course, it has nothing to do with intelligence and very little to do with stupidity.
But what the word genius means in this context is not the measure of intelligence or a supernormal intelligence.
Instead, it means a spirit, as in genius loci or the genie who emerges from the lamp of the Arabian Nights.
Yes.
An elemental force, which is a directing and guiding intelligence in our universe.
And a subgenius is under his own genius.
Not under the direction of the conspiracy, the opposing force, which wants the prototypical subgenius to work for a living.
And with the money, an illusion widely subscribed to.
Purchase.
Not.
True slack, which a subgenius seeks as his birthright.
But false slack.
Manufactured by the conspiracy.
Yes, the conspiracy wants him to work in a dead-end job to purchase the false slack, which will not produce true slack.
For with the purchase of every tchotchke, palm pilot, and iPod, true satisfaction still darts away.
Just beyond the reaching, questing fingertips as the grapes offered Tantalus.
The reaching, questing fingertips.
In the underworld could never be grasped.
And unless you want to remain a sufferer, just like poor old Tantalus, you have to drop what you're doing and become a subgenius and join us.
Surf the luck plane.
Be an art body.
Quit your job for Bob.
Mooch off the world.
Yes, it does owe you a living.
And we can offer many varieties of proof.
Write and contact us now.
The address of our cult is still...
All the same, the old address that has been for many years in Dallas, Texas.
And what was that address again?
That address which is known throughout the land by far and wide.
www.subgenius.com is your best and most readily accessible source for all of the contact information.
Let it echo wild and free.
And for those of you named Steve Wilcox out there who are from St. Louis, I'd like to apologize for accusing you of...
I know, that was a gag. I hope you understand.
I mean, not to be taken seriously.
So, any of you other Steve Wilcoxes of which get confused with the other one true Steve Wilcox...
A true Steve Wilcox would never get confused.
...can understand that that was just a joke.
And they don't have to hold it against me later when they have that big whip in their hand.
Did you see that cool car that was parked outside that Don got?
Man, that's a real luxury vehicle.
It is a luxury vehicle.
A giant...
A giant...
A giant...

It's a Chevrolet.
It's a bubble dome.
It's a GM product, isn't it?
Yeah, the tractor treads.
That would give you an incredible purchase in any road condition.
No kidding.
You could drive over the bodies of...
Eight wheels on that thing.
...people with that.
Really remarkable.
Crushing skulls, much like in the Terminator.
It must weigh a couple of tons.
And it seems to have an antenna.
There must be a satellite, a TV hookup, a hot tub, a salon.
Yeah, and a barometric pressure reliever.
The hyperbaric...
...chamber.
I heard that it's so large on the inside that it can actually...
...has its own weather patterns.
Oh, web patterns.
Weather patterns.
Weather patterns.
Storms, clouds.
Like the Pantheon.
Right.
A tiny hole is in the roof, but no rain ever manages to wet the inhabitants
because it evaporates in its long fall from the roof to the interior of the car.
And look at this.
Of the Astrodome.
Rich Corinthian leather.
That's knock-a-high.
Stained.
It's a doleful red.
No, I believe this is actually leather.
What was that other kind of leather called?
The fake leather?
It was...
You had knock-a-high.
That was a different car.
He was actually offered several cars, but this is the beauty that he finally chose.
This is the nice swinging car.
This is the one that has the fringe that goes all the way around
and the little doggy head in the back that bobs up and down
with the lights go on when he hits the brakes.
And so forth.
Yeah, with the fringe.
And even though we're...
We're members of a club that uses knives in film,
we try not to at every opportunity.
Our knife-slashing propensities are only used in the cause of peace,
harmony, and world understanding.
In every subgenius soul, there still lurks the mindless primitive.
But just because we enjoy gorilla suit movies
doesn't mean we don't appreciate your basic animal nature.
And as Philo says, there will be gambling in the tents.
In the Lord's tent, we will gamble and frisk
as we bask in the divine effulgence.
Well, it's been great broadcasting at you,
and I have to sign off now because I've got a pie in the oven.
Otherwise, if these nosebleeds didn't keep me out of my diet,
I'd be here broadcasting 24 hours a day.
You can take that one to the bank.
And I'm going to have to eat that.
So, Mr. and Mrs. America and all the ships,
see, I'd just like to say it's been fine and done.
It's a pin-sized digital recorder that you'll need for the next show.
Don't let any...
A right-sized, sawed-off, kin-pot dictator tell you what to do
because you're an American, a citizen of the United States
with the rights, privileges, and responsibilities of a total imbecile.
We interrupt this program to end it.
It's the only way.
It's been a puzzling evidence show,
and I say goodnight.
Goodnight, Hal.
Goodnight, my friend.
Say goodnight, Philo.
Goodnight, Berkeley and Northern California and the world.
I'm not going to say goodnight.
Goodnight.
And goodnight from Cleveland.
And that, what we've been hearing there was from KPFA and Berkeley.
I'm from WCSB in Cleveland.
And this has been the Hour of Slack.
And if you must know more, then you can see www.subgenius.com
or hear Post Office Box 204206, Austin, Texas, 787204206.
www.subgenius.com.
Or you can come see this band heard in the background.
The Amino Acids.
Actually, this is just one of the Amino Acids, I think.
Reverend Angry Larry, Automatic Robot Fish
at the next Subgenius Devital,
which happens to be in Cleveland.
Convenient to yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang.
At the Beachland Ballroom on the east side.
May 22nd.
With Mann Incorporated.
The Amino Acids.
Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Yours truly.
And if you're lucky, Princess, we might be there.
Oh, Jim, didn't he love it too?
I got it right.
If you listen, he'll talk to you.
He will chatter the whole day through.
Oh.
Now he's a snappy, happy monkey, little red monkey,
acting so merrily.
Gee, how we like this little red monkey,
very cuddlesome monkey, is he?
Little red monkey.
Little red monkey.
Won't you stay to tea?
He said yes.
