The Self Genius Power of Swag.
It's hard to believe they were attacked by an owl.
Praise Bob.
Now you might not recognize me here out of my clown outfit,
but I said fuck it, I don't need the superpowers.
I'm not doing the superpower thing right now.
So I can go along with my civilian clothes right here.
I don't need the extra protection of my special hat.
But people ask me, they say, Andrew the Impaled,
what can you do about rape culture?
Andrew, what can we do about rape culture?
Well, no, it's already been asked, but thank you.
I have an answer to that.
Don't be that guy at a party that gets a girl hammered
hoping for some action.
If she has to be drunk, that just means you suck.
Don't be that guy at a party that sees someone sleeping in an empty bedroom
and thinks it might be fun to touch.
Get this in your mind.
head that ain't cool man that ain't cool man no that ain't cool man and you know and you know
don't be that guy at the office that gotta make it clear the offer's always standing
these folks they're just here to work
don't be that guy at the office that takes a smile as a cue to get all touchy
that just makes you some kind of jerk cause that ain't cool man no that ain't cool man
hey that ain't cool man and you know and you know that self-control is a skill that's learned by
five-year-olds even my dog learned to stay
so if you get the chance to get away with something wrong
do us all a favor
and do the right thing anyway
don't be that guy on the subway that used the occasion to get a love on someone
come on at least act like you've evolved
don't be that guy on the street sees a fine woman and just gotta make some comment
that don't get you no points at all because that ain't cool man no that ain't cool man
man that ain't cool man and you know and you know that self-control is a skill that just makes you some kind of jerk
to take a lie on some dead man
and infection is a key

you know how your identity was

come i was born in sy educating all the people in ísterreich

and enables us to do Oralщее
right biggest values lasciating так
Don't be that guy in the world that just stands by and watches as the others behave in ways
you know are wrong.
Don't be that guy in the world that holds his tongue for whatever reason.
Go on, use words, your words are strong.
Somewhat simple like, that ain't cool, man.
Yeah, that ain't cool, man.
Hey, that ain't cool, man.
And you know, and you know that that ain't cool, man.
No, that ain't cool, man.
I said, that ain't cool, man.
Go, go.
And you know, and you know.
Thank you.
Thank you.
All right, for those of you who are idiots
and didn't understand that,
that song meant don't be such a rapey jagoff.
All right?
Thank you.
This public service message has been brought to you
by fucking thinking.
All right.
Welcome to 16X Day.
Hey!
Countless distant tales of Connie.
The greatest jam band in the world.
At least the efforts are like this.
The shuttle doors are opening.
You can hear the metal grinding.
They're loading up, folks.
They've gone by the armory.
The lasers are ready.
We're well stocked.
Due to the one thing that we've been waiting to do.
And that is...
Destroy the Earth!
Tell me, uh...
Reverend, what will you miss most about this planet?
The blood.
The blood.
Tell me, Reverend, what will you miss most about this planet?
Worrying about money.
All right.
Tell me, Bishop.
Is there anything you'll miss about this shitty Earth?
Absolutely nothing.
An absolute...
Nothing is all that will be left.
Nothing is all that will be left.
We're mutants.
There's something wrong.
Something very, very wrong with us.
Something seriously wrong with us.
And, uh, yes, welcome back.
Welcome back to a special edition of Synesthesia.
I am your host, Dr. Sinister,
and we've got a little bit of our slack overtime to enjoy tonight.
Special report from, uh...
Well, from yet another botched attempt at, uh...
rescuing us from this godforsaken planet.
Uh, what happens next?
What happened to the saucers this year?
I've got, uh, Reverend Ivan Stang and Dr. Howland Owl in the studio with me.
We're going to discuss, uh, some of this thing, uh, you know, some of these questions and more.
Perhaps, perhaps we might get some answers to some of these persistent questions.
So, um, yeah, as of right now,
we're trying to, uh, figure out what, uh, what the heck happened.
Well, are we going to bring in those cadaver dogs and, and get an, get an, uh, an answer?
Or do we have to speculate?
Um, that's a good question.
Now, uh, do the Pleasure Saucers have black box recorders in them?
Well, I was talking to Jazzy DJ Tanning Booth,
and he swore he was in communication with the entire saucer fleet.
But, uh, actually, then it appeared that I had misunderstood him.
But since they never crash, I don't think they need black boxes like our primitive Earth devices.
Or, for that matter, like the primitive, uh, saucers that the Greys use.
Yeah, those things crash all the time.
Yeah, I mean, how, how advanced can these aliens be if they're crashing, you know?
Well, that's...
Of course, we only hear about the crashes in that...
That's right. It's, I, I hear that, uh, you know, the flying saucer is actually one of the safest modes of transportation there is
when you, you know, calculate how many casualties per miles traveled.
Much safer than a car.
Well, they travel so long that they're, the odds are very good.
Well, you know, you can, they control for that in those studies.
Hee!
Ooh!
So!
Ha!
Space travelers come halfway across the universe to this planet, and this is how we greet them, is it?
With rocks!
And with, with avocados!
You ought to be ashamed of yourselves!
These, these are, these aren't space monsters with TV aerials stuck on their heads!
They, they haven't come here to zap your planet with their ray guns!
These are fellow beings!
Come in peace!
You do a bit of shopping!
People of Earth, people of Earth!
We should count ourselves privileged!
Yeah, you're privileged!
To greet these intrepid pioneers!
Who come so far across the space!
Hey!
They took me off! They got my truck!
Oh, who would have believed it?
What happens is gonna happen to you, and all of you!
And it's gonna be worse.
A lot worse.
That's great.
Now, let's have no more curiosity about this bizarre cover-up.
The men from Planet X don't even have bodies.
Their spaceships are entirely, really just virtual.
It would appear to us to be magic, like gods coming from the sky, and just manifesting any kind of miracle they wanted.
They could appear as flying saucers.
But they're not to be confused with those, uh, the ones that the US government is dealing with.
Oh yeah, those are the worst.
And they're covering up.
Uh.
Those wimpy little, the little guys, the, the skeletons.
They were examined at Area 51.
Those things could barely make Alpha Centauri.
I beg your pardon?
So those things could barely make Alpha Centauri, I bet, on a single tank.
Yes, and we can't even see Alpha Centauri from this hemisphere.
You have to go below the equator.
Well, you know, that's, that goes to the, the northern, uh, northern-centric, uh, mindset that so many people on this planet have, you know.
Because the majority of the population's in the northern hemisphere, you know, we forget that aliens are just as likely to come from the direction of the southern hemisphere.
That's right, uh, in fact, uh.
Or the center of the Hollow Earth.
Yes, from whose hell creatures, uh, we derive the Nazi flying saucers and other creatures of the...
Supersonic Nazi hell creatures from beneath the Hollow Earth.
Now what about the beverages of X-Day?
Uh, there was such an incredible panoply of liquids served.
Uh, there were, uh, incredible cocktails.
Yeah, if you drank enough of that stuff, you're thinking, oh, an escape vessel.
That's right, your own vessels would wish an escape from the treatment that you were giving them.
But, uh, in addition, there were, uh, coconut, uh, flavors, there were beers of all kinds.
Some, uh, dissolute people drank, uh, hard cider, like, uh, Demanted Hillbillies.
Yee-haw!
And, uh...
It's my favorite.
Uh, of course, uh, then others of us brought, uh, soft drinks from Walgreens.
Uh, it's awful.
There was even some that finesse.
Fernet, Fernet Branca? Is that what you call it?
That's right, Fernet Branca, the Miracle Liquid.
Yes, indeed. It was, it was even there.
Miracle Liquid.
Yeah, it's a miracle. Anyone would drink it.
I see.
And, uh, there were subgenius entertainments of all kinds.
There was, of course, Dr. Dark's Movie-ola experience.
And The Grindhouse, which, uh, ran movies 24 hours a day.
They had one H.P. Lovecraft movie night going when I visited them.
Has anyone ever actually made a decent movie?
Based on the works of Lovecraft?
I believe one has, and that is The Resurrected, written and directed by Dan O'Bannon, which few people even know about.
And it was criticized by geeks who said,
The problem is it's too true to Lovecraft.
Well, you just can't, uh, uh, please some people.
Or they said, this is the movie that's closest to anything H.P. Lovecraft ever wrote.
And that's what's the matter with it.
You know, to hell with them.
I've actually never read Lovecraft at all.
Well, then, uh, it doesn't really matter, does it?
It's an unforgettable experience, and it will mark you forever.
You'll have a different attitude toward adjectives for the rest of your life.
I was compelled by subgeniuses to quote some of Lovecraft's plummy poetry while I was performing my show at Caffeina's.
Because X-Day shows and auctions were also extensive and legendary at this particular X-Day.
The Bulldada auction is now beginning.
Now we have a bunch of electronically wanted plastic statues.
Like this, I believe, is Theodore from the Notorious Chipmunks.
Simon.
Simon? Really?
Yes.
He's got the glasses. Okay, I stand corrected. It's Simon.
Uh, when you press his top left,
after you trip the little switch on his thorax,
it sings infuriatingly.
Can you hear that?
Yeah.
Uh, so, it seems to sing out his butt. Look at where those holes are.
So, I don't know what dementia individual came up with this, but, uh...
The enchanted ear holes of the...
You know, I'm gonna throw the, uh, the Simon, uh, singing thing in with the
Lovecraft.
The lovable, allegedly, Eddie Murphy donkey from Shrek,
which also makes noise when you turn the switch on his stomach,
when you pull his tail.
So, I'm offering these two together for one dollar,
mainly just to get them off the table.
But they do sing. They're not only a shelf tchotchke for your slack altar,
but they can be made to perform.
Uh, if anyone is interested, the bidding is open at any time.
And you can bid at one dollar for these two cute little...
One dollar over here!
One dollar.
All right. These dust catchers have already gotten one dollar.
Is anyone interested in offering two dollars?
Jean Cocteau's Beauty and the Beast in VHS.
This is one of the great enduring classics of fantasy.
You get to see, uh, the wonderful beast, uh,
who's actually better as a beast before he turns into a prince,
and his fantastic house with the hands coming out of the walls,
and the little faces in the stove.
And the little stones in the fireplace, and so on.
Created by the French poet Jean Cocteau,
author of The Blood of a Poet,
and who collaborated with Salvador Dali
to create the famous surrealist masterpiece Ancien Andalou.
This is in French with subtitles.
But then, uh, you'd expect that.
Uh, opening bid, one dollar?
We have a dollar from Mandy, who knows the value of this item.
Do we have a bid from anyone else?
Two dollars.
Do we have three dollars from anyone?
Two dollars.
Here is a bottle of Freak,
a weird, rare Indian soda pop.
Only available in Mother India.
And at X-Ray Day.
It's also called Jira Masala.
And a lot of things in a language I don't understand.
According to the nutritional information,
which U.S. law demands be put on every bottle of glop like this,
there is absolutely no nutritional value
in this stuff at all.
It is, by the very definition,
comfort food and fun food.
And if you're a soda head,
you can have the only bottle of this,
who knows, in the U.S.,
although I know another place you can probably get it,
which is Galco's Old World Grocery in Los Angeles,
which specializes in selling exotic soda pop.
Everybody should visit there.
But since we're not there but here,
who would like a bottle of Freak,
or possibly P. Freak,
I don't know why there's a period after the P.
We have a bid of one dollar.
Do we have two dollars from anyone?
I'd say make this really cold in the refrigerator.
We do have two dollars.
Do we have three dollars?
Three for P. Freak.
And people knew from afar somehow
what wonderful fun we were having.
In fact, one irate boyfriend
of one prominent subgenius woman
came charging in and dragged her out of the campground
because he was afraid he was in danger
of losing his exclusivity.
You know, just before we came to the station,
I got online for just a second.
She had already gotten home
and written a two-page report
on that whole drama thing.
A blistering attack on us?
No, no, not at all.
She was disgusted with her boyfriend
and trying really hard to forgive him.
Well, I'm sure she cared.
He just got insecure and thought about
that lovely gal gallivanting around
with the likes of us
and drove five hours.
He was afraid that she was...
In the middle of the night to bird dog that stuff.
He was afraid she was walking around half naked.
But of course he was quite wrong about that.
He was?
Yes, she was completely naked.
In fact, I was given a T-shirt
with a photograph of her topless on it.
And she got one too.
Which, if she had cut holes on either side
of the photograph,
it would look like she had four breasts.
Well, that didn't happen.
Now, we're talking about stangs,
strange degenerate musings and so forth.
You know, I like girls with glasses.
But, you know, we're trying to describe
in a tactful and delicate way
just what did happen.
Oh yeah, girls with glass eyes are great,
especially when they pop them out
at inopportune moments.
Have you ever seen that happen?
Yes.
You have?
Yes.
Have you?
They come right out?
I've watched real close, kind of waiting
to see if it might happen.
Oh, I...
Hmm...
You know...
Anyway...
So we talked about the beverages of X-Day,
the X-Day shows and auctions,
the movies, the excitement,
the rain, the endless rain,
more rain, the mud, the water.
We need some goldfish.
We must get some goldfish.
And we need some saffron.
It's just like I heard...
This is like I always dreamed X-Day would be.
Whenever they talk about it,
this is just what I envisioned.
They always talk about the torrential downforce.
I thought that was just a cool fantasy,
but it's real, man, it's real.
It's raining water.
It's real.
Mama always told me to wear a tie to such events,
it just makes not having a shirt look ridiculous.
More of those who have the sense to come in out of it.
Reverend Anacron, good to see you.
Well, it's the 4th of July, 2013 at 16X Day.
And the prophesied torrential downpour is majorly in progress.
Of course, it was timed to arrive exactly when the pig roast was scheduled to be finished and served up to the gathered,
it looks like about 100 subgeniuses.
Luckily, the bar did open up.
And despite the rain, there was enough covering for about 50 subgeniuses to all cram together.
Real tight in the rain.
Here's how it sounds outside.
We're in the car now.
It's a flood like in the days of Noah, which I predicted on Facebook yesterday.
And we always have a big rainstorm at X Day.
Legendary type of rainstorm.
Like Woodstock or something.
Cars in the mud and naked girls running through the rain.
There's Reverend Capfeather up.
He's still my heart.
And there's Reverend Soot in the rain.
Looking really good in the rain.
It's so wonderful to see all our old friends.
Yes, honey pie.
And the old zombies and bee zombies.
Yes.
That's the drink that eats your brain.
That wants to eat your brain.
We could just sit here and narrate the parade of weirdos and freakazoids that come by.
The parade of wet weirdos.
Most of whom we know.
Wobbling their way.
There's a whole lot of new people.
And wending their way.
So far, all the vibes have been wonderful.
Ah-ha.
Ah-ha.
Ah-ha.
Ah-ha.
Oh, ah-ha.
Oh, ah-ha.
Oh, ah-ha.
That's pretty good, huh?
The excitement.
The rain.
The endless rain.
More rain.
The mud.
The water.
There was a lot of sub-step dub genius shows late at night.
Slip and slide in the mud step music.
They brought back the slip and slide this year?
Well, they were.
No, that was actually considered too dangerous.
Did the Kentucky Boys do that?
Did the Kentucky Boys do that?


They're going to make it back this year.
Sub-geniuses have injured themselves in the past.
Yeah, play chicken on it.
Yes, that's right.
I remember very fondly a few years ago,
there was a massive, massive thunderstorm
that lasted all night long.
And they rolled out this just gigantic big tarp
and spilled some soap on it.
That was when Rocknar's 24-hour wife
was part of the festivities as well.
Oh, my gosh.
Oh, my gosh.
You're thinking back, certainly.
Certainly.
The curious thing is that Rocknar's tent
was often deluged with water
no matter how he camped in order to stay dry.
Even when it wasn't raining, it was strange.
He always had bad luck that way.
Well, he got to where he was attributing it to enemies.
And I honestly don't think that anybody
has it in for Rocknar like that.
No, who would pour water into Rocknar's tent?
However, I can easily see Rocknar
being completely incompetent.
Incompetent at erecting the tent right in the first place.
Well, in all fairness, those are tricky things.
You've got all these poles and things
that have to slide through.
The only time they ever leave their house is for X-Day.
It's a miracle that they survive it all.
The miracle of X-Day.
Yes.
More than a miracle.
I was really wanting to move it to Las Vegas this week.
Las Vegas had the crippling heat,
the wave that the Midwest got last year.
But it's a dry heat.
It was 119 degrees in Phoenix last week.
How about Tuesday?
I thought we should be having X-Day
on the roof of the Motel 6 in downtown Las Vegas,
right across from the MGM Grand.
Just as long as we can breathe.
There's a Motel 6 right across the street from the MGM Grand.
How about that?
We stayed there last time, and it's a good Motel 6.
It's decorated like a Jetsons.
It's a Jetsons motel.
It's not a normal motel.
They probably bought some pre-existing thing.
I believe it's the biggest Motel 6 in the world,
and right around the corner is the biggest Super 8 in the world.
I've stayed in both of those.
The Motel 6 is much better and better located.
And the same price as every other Motel 6, about $65.
Why don't they call it Motel 65 bucks for two?
And then you've got your Motel 7 and Motel 8 1⁄2,
and Motel 7, 2, 11, or 11, 7 stores.
People just don't like to be original.
I guess not.
And there's some comfort to them in totally unoriginal names.
There was a very disturbing period there where lots of establishments,
particularly drinking establishments, all had WC Fields-like names,
like Phineas T. Hornswoggle's Alcohol.
There was a Mimporium and so forth.
Yeah, Fuddruckers.
Everywhere you went.
And what was even worse, as far as restaurants were concerned in those days,
I observed with a sort of horror that there was a place called Love's.
Did you ever see that?
Oh, yeah, yeah, that's a big chain.
More than that, they also had...
Like the diapers?
They also had Wove's.
W-U-V apostrophe S.
That's the one that Elmer Fudd goes to.
It's not the one that I go to.
You know, who are they appealing to there?
Actually, I can think of a type of whorehouse they could have a name.
Wove's.
For gumless, toothless, old fellow-trices?
You know, the best thing about the toothless hookers is they can't bite.
Well, no, but they can gum you to death.
Ah, but what a way to go.
I'm talking about restaurants, gentlemen.
Can't you keep your minds out of the gutter?
We're talking about the restaurant industry.
Easy answer there, no.
All right, no, especially after X-Day.
After such sights as we have seen,
the regular world appears gray by comparison
and not tinged with the overall warm colors of eroticism.
You want to hear something sad, Dr. Howell?
I guess.
Well, I've got a beat-up old copy of the 16 X-Day brochure with me.
Does it have anything written on the top, like,
to Dr. Howell, with love,
from somebody or other?
No, that's, I, that, I, no.
You have that one?
Because it disappeared.
I might.
Somebody took it.
Your, your pornography?
Yeah, I, uh.
Thought porn?
It weren't thought porn, but it was a nice souvenir of X-Day.
Well, don't stop.
Anyway, okay, here's the sad part.
Okay.
It's got a listing for today, Sunday, July 7th.
Cleanup of wisteria on Stang's escape planet.
Go back to your own home.
On saucers.
Cleanup of remaining humans on Earth.
Starwood Festival will be held starting Tuesday
at Wisteria on Stang's escape planet.
The Grand Canyon, the British Museum,
and other Earth attractions claimed by Stang
will also be open for visits and parties.
That all has to be put off till next year.
I guess so.
Man, I was really hoping to spend the night
in the, in the Carlsbad Caverns tonight.
In a big bed in Carlsbad Caverns.
Yes, no stalagmites poking through.
That dimensional portal I gave you isn't working?
No cave spiders scampering over you.
You know, National Geographic did a big special on tarantulas,
and then their photo essay veered into the giant cave spiders,
and they showed this horrendous-looking spider.
The spider in the picture was so flustered by our appearance in the cave
that it ran.
Ran up our photographer and bit him on the hand.
So the spider was flustered, and this thing was huge.
It could easily straddle a large server dinner plate.
But he's blind, right? He's a cave spider.
Not blind enough to find some sap to bite on the hand.
In recent years, new types of spiders, large ones,
considerably large ones have been discovered,
like the giant black and white Israeli spider,
but also giant cave spiders have been discovered.
One is always discovering new discoveries.
Oh, when I was a boy, we had giant cave spiders
that could look you right in the eye, standing right there.
And you can look back, but they've got eight eyes.
They can outlook you pretty good.
I was always surprised that if you drive in Arizona at night,
on the roads, you see the eyes of spiders glittering back at you.
How is that possible? Because their eyes are so tiny.
But that's what it is.
They reflect the light of your headlights.
And large wolf spiders, you can see from the road by the flashes of light.
And you must know that scorpions are fluorescent,
and if you take a UV light out in the desert and roll it around,
you'll see that you are actually surrounded by thousands of scorpions.
Otherwise, you couldn't see because their bodies fluoresce.
They shine under a fluorescent light.
Did you know that?
No.
They do.
I heard that they do not have...
I'm not going to sleep well tonight.
Well, you can just run a fluorescent light near the carpet and see what's down there.
A few X days ago, I remember talking to some people who had come from Oregon,
and they said that they didn't have fireflies out there.
And they were amazed to see all these fireflies all over the place.
We had fireflies where we were coming from.
On my way down a couple of years ago, I actually ended up going through,
I was driving probably about 65 miles an hour,
and suddenly I go through...
You know, an orgy of fireflies.
Just a big swarm,
and suddenly my whole windshield was coated in this glowing green stuff.
Firefly.
It doesn't glow after they're dead.
Yes, it does.
It does?
Yeah.
No, they just make that little spark,
and it's like a wink every now and then.
It's not electrical.
Yeah, it's a chemical process.
They wink because it's a signaling process to the ladies, you see,
but they could beam all the time if they wanted to, but no...
You just haven't killed enough fireflies.
No, no, no.
I would pick them up for that.
Show off.
And then, just on the way to the station,
there was a strange white moth in the car.
He's not in the car now.
The very last thing before we came in, I brushed him out.
I thought, what are we...
Maybe that's where the rotten meat smells coming from.
Slay not the moth nor the butterfly.
Moths have been eating beans all day.
For the last judgment, it was not.
Who did I see eating a can of beans at X Day?
I saw some...
Some subgenius hunched over, slavering, eating a jaggedly opened can of beans.
Reverend Rorschach.
Was that who that was?
Yeah, Reverend Rorschach.
Never forget it.
Beans.
Human beans.
Bean blood.
Of course, as I think I said on the last time we did one of these shows,
beans were sacred to the Pythagoreans.
Well, and pies were sacred to the Beanthagoreans, so it comes full circle.
You're reminding me that there's still a piece of pie in the refrigerator at home.
That's right, the X Day.
Every X Day, Princess Wee and Dr. Howell make a cherry pie, usually from cherries picked next door.
Yes, I ate the last of those a few hours ago.
Howell writes, draws an X Day logo.
Yeah, the crust.
The crust is decorated.
On the crust.
And that photograph of that crust always becomes the title for that X Day souvenir movie
that I always planned to get around to.
It's also well-suited to be...

It's also well-suited to be on the DVD cover inside the jewel box.
Right.
Well, that's a good idea.
That would be great.
Put it on the disc itself, since it's circular.
Wow, yeah, the pie could go around and around.
Yeah.
Mmm, and it smells so good coming out of your CD player.
Better than some smells we've had to deal with.
All right, this song is about a...
Oh, by the way, we are the Slot Rods, in case you didn't know that already.
We are...
We are the Midwest's only scale auto racing band.
There was a cat named Johnny Delmar back in 1965.
He used to race the circuit, slot cars, 124 scale,
just in case anybody's keeping any kind of a track of what these songs are.
Anyway, he was noted as being Johnny Zombie, and that's what this song is about.
So, let's get started.
All right.
All right.
All right.

All right.













Well, so no bugs bit you at all.
You don't have...
Your body isn't seeping with a thousand bites in you.
No, but Dr. Howell, you know, I have a lot of good luck, because I don't ask for money
for the work of Bob.
If someone even tries to pay me, I just turn it down, shove it away, and because of that...
And so insects turn away from you?
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.

Yes.
that preternatural calm
that I'm so famous for always having.
The effusion of a holy man,
which is also called darsham.
Only holy men exude this.
Man, I've got buckets full of that stuff.
You've got darsham like...
I've got it coming out the kazoo.
It's a good insect repeller.
I was going to ask you about that.
Do you know anything that's good for that?
The darsham coming out the keister and the kazoo?
That should keep you from being parasitized
by kazoo worms.
So far, so good.
And you did keep crows and other varmints
out of your house with that scarecrow that's in there.
Right.
Dr. Howell, we were both staying in the same bed and breakfast
under the auspices of the same witch.
Yes.
So how come you got covered with bugs?
Witch, witch?
We were staying with a witch, yes.
And bugs did get into my...
bed at night.
First, I was wearing a t-shirt
and they crawled up the sleeve
into my armpit and I was unable
to make a species identification.
So I swore loudly.
I tore off the shirt and threw it on the floor.
The next thing I knew,
they were between the sheets crawling on my naked body.
See, but none of them bit you, right?
They just wanted to snuggle.
That was the charm of the witch's power.
Made sure that none of those bugs
would actually harm you.
They just wanted to snuggle.
And so I could pick them up and throw them out of the room.
Which I did.
And this was the sweetest witch.
She's great.
She's just the nicest witch.
Oh, she gave us the most marvelous treats.
And her house is apparently made out of candy
and edible materials also.
And there's this big oven.
I was going to say,
the beds were kind of uncomfortable though, right?
It was.
That oven made you want to crawl into it.
Yeah, she let us get baked in there too.
Yeah, we got baked, all right.
Just like four of us.
Four and 20 blackbirds in a pie.
Exactly.
Princess, we is still there.
That's why she's not here.
She's probably getting there.
Someone's got to hold down the fort.
Saving Starwood, saving Starwood.
She said she'd call or might call.
I wonder if anybody can call.
Some of our best people.
We can get a caller here.
We've got, looks like Lonesome Cowboy Dave calling in here.
Well, what did I say?
One of our best people.
Welcome back.
Welcome to the end of the world that didn't happen.
Oh, well, what can we do?
Maybe it started.
Maybe it takes a long time to end a world.
A world is a big thing.
Rome wasn't built in a day.
The first crevice occurred at X-Day.
The entire shoddy structure will crumble and implode.
Like Samson had his hair plucked out and his follicles were reduced to chicken weather.
He's like Samson, you know.
Mighty Samson.
Oh, jeez.
I just hit the wrong button there.
Goat cheese?
Dave, call back.
You can call back if you want.
I just accidentally hung up on him.
I can't believe it.
I was playing with this little sign on the side of the buttons here.
My thumb knuckle hit the draw button.
Like, I don't need any attention.
Well, you can save the excuses for the court of inquiry.
Possibly.
No excuses, only explanations.
Yes.
All right.
Welcome back.
We're back on the X-Day planation.
No, I did that.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, my fault.
Okay, the apologies are now concluded.
No, I'm sorry.
So sorry, Gaston.
No, I'm even sorrier, Alphonse.
We're all sorry.
I'm used to apologies.
Apologizing for my hang-ups.
We're sorry excuses for seeing you.
Don't apologize, mister.
It's a sign of weakness.
Never apologize for your awesomeness.
We were sitting around in a sweat lodge together thinking of what to do with that.
What keeps you?
Hey, the whole place was a sweat lodge.
No, it wasn't that hot this time.
Oh, there was still some heat.
It wasn't like last time, though.
Last time was a freakish thermal phenomenon of intense heat.
A hundred degrees in many parts.
What made it worse was the dew point was so high.
You mean low.
The dew-dew point was low.
Yeah, the dew point was low, man.
We never even reached the dew point last year.
It would become even more humid at night.
Oh, my.
Oh, how terrible.
Oh, that's awful.
It rained continuously here, too, didn't it, Dr. Sinister?
40 days and 40 nights.
Not continuously.
That's the thing.
Dr. Howe keeps acting like it never stopped raining, but people only pay attention to the bad news.
Yeah, well, that's true.
Well, you don't talk about when it was sunny and breezy.
Yeah, when it was sunny and breezy, I had to work, and when it was time to knock off, the rain was dripping and falling.
No, I planned it that way.
Oh.
We like to keep our actors close to the studio.
You know, they party too much at night.
Oh, the actors' studio now.
Okay, I'll agree with that, then.
I still managed to get one splashy session in at the pond.
And most memorable it was.
Okay, uh, Reverend Mountain Boy, Reverend Robin Mountain Boy, do you have any confessions you need to make, perhaps, before?
Oh, boy.
That would take a long time.
You'll renounce the conspiracy and all its works.
We'll just hold those in your mind and kind of puke a little in your mouth when you go under.
And do something up in your mind and repel the conspiracy and so forth.
Hold your nose and say, I do.
I do.
Praise God.



It's Bob!
Hooray!
Thanks, athletes.
A beautiful Bob Tessa.
God Almighty.
Thank you.
Reverend Abner, I'm not here.
I'll hold it.
Step forward.
We'll use it.
We'll use it.
For the 18th time or so?
No, it was my first time doing this one.
Is it really?
Yeah, I never made it to them before.
Wow.
Yep.
Well, you're here now.
That's what I am.
Well, it's about time.
Yep.
Because I can smell the sin of peakness wafting off of you.
So I'm going to wash you quick.
Goodbye.
That's it.
You don't have to come up.
Be reborn unto Bob and all of that.
And buoyant unto Bob.
Yes.
Buoyant unto Bob.
Oh, the Dr. Design flaw.
He's got so much sin on him.
I have got.
I just woke up out of a blackout.
Where am I?
Now we are kin in sin.
I know the feeling.
Another new one to be.
We'll have, this pond will have all new sins floating around and reproducing and splitting
and dividing.
You're going to be a new person.






So, you're going to send your son to a very old place.

You're going to send your son to a very old place.
Oh, my God.
That's the best way to get rid of that sin.





See how easy it is, how liberating.
Really, our Bob-tism was classic this year and we've got an excellent audio of it which
will eventually be heard.
Oh, I'll cut it down to about five minutes.
Of all this splashing and squealing and so on.
That's one of those, you had to have been there things.
Yeah.
I always take 30 minutes of X-Day tittering and cut it down.
When I'm finished editing, I like to think people go, man, they're so funny and fast.
I must go there.
Everyone sounds like they're having so much fun.
And, of course, with skillful editing, it's like a magician's trick.
Just like the previews for a movie.
They show every good scene in the one- or two-minute trailer.
And then you feel you've already seen the movie.
The next 25 hours of Slack will be exactly that.
Trailers for the next X-Day.
Snippets and tidbits of X-Day.
And we'll be hearing Reverend Baby Bear as a guest on a couple of shows.
That's right.
She was sitting right next to me.
I tricked Reverend Susie the Floozy into doing a show.
Yes.
She did one show with us and Baby Bear, but she was being kind of horsey about it.
She was trying hard not to do a good show.
Yes, we were playing horsey.
But I tricked her.
I tricked her into doing a good show later on by telling her that no one could hear us, which is true.
I was the only one that could hear us.
It was my headphones.
And I didn't even have headphones.
You weren't allowed on that show.
Yeah, that's true.
That's why I didn't have headphones.
It's so hard to be divided by those forces.
You know, those preternatural forces.
You're out there in the wilderness 3,000 miles from anybody, civilized humans.
There aren't very many of those to begin with.
It was pretty rugged out there.
The nearest Kroger must have been...
It's been 20 minutes away.
My God.
Speaking of Kroger's, there was an interesting phenomenon.
When the power outrage happened and the Mountain Boys were doing their set in Caffeinas,
when they harmonized, there was a huge frog that started singing at the same moment.
And it loved their harmony.
So when they would sing, it would be going...
And it sounded like it was right there in the building.
But when they stopped or when they were just talking in between sets,
it would be silent.
But the moment they were starting to sing again, you'd hear this...
Sound.
It'll be on my recording.
It may be because he was loud and he was so close.
He sounded like he was in there.
And they were talking.
The band...
Are you sure it wasn't one of the band?
No, the band were talking about it and saying, I guess he likes our music.
Or maybe they just hit that magic.
Wasn't there a bishop bastard guy that almost got thrown out each...
There's always some guy...
I don't know.
Almost gets thrown out every night.
It's a realistic frog.
Sound effect that can fool me.
This sounded authentic.
It just sounded extremely close.
And it sounded so close that it was in the building.
Where are the Mutant Mountain Boys?
From everywhere.
There's a little boy in everyone.
A little girl in everyone.
No pun intended.
Where are you from?
All over the place.
All over the country.
It's kind of like somebody took bluegrass, put some C4 under it,
and it exploded all over the United States,
sending a chunk to Arizona, a chunk to New Jersey, and a chunk to Cleveland.
And then we've got to do that whole, like, genetic ooze, tendrils and magnets.
How the fuck do magnets work anyway?
Now it can be told.
What does that say?
Watermelon?
What?
I don't know.
It's on.
Just miss it.
Yeah, yeah.
Tree frogs.
Ladies and gentlemen, tree frogs, the backup singers.
Tear it up for the tree frogs.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.

We love the tree frogs.
They're my favorite band.
We love the tree frogs.
And I'm forwarding back to Alabama.
I want to like to take advantage of the shadier inです but open a crown


When did we see you fat?
цы
What do you do in particular?
I have realized just what it means to live with your sacred new process.
The whole world can't control the innocence of your life.
Most life's losses may just assign.
But a feast doesn't come if you're being yourself.
So repent and you're on and out of time.
When you see a sauce and find a good home,
and you're left out of the future,
there are supplies you have to take.
Never pray, hold it back.
When you see those flying saucers,
you're coming out of a judgment day.
Never pray, hold it back.
When you see those flying saucers,
repent and you better start to pray.
There's no silence, no battle, no trouble, that's all that we need.
We've become another judgment day.
We've become another Shagga Constancy,
our faith, and we've been the work of God.
Every word is sacred and dear to the hearts of all.
I have made my living and I'm proud to be your friend,
responsible for what makes me who I am.
You make my life precious.
I am so blessed.
Thank you.
That's all we can say.
I'm making febrile fantasies.
Oh, you're okay.
It's okay.
It's okay, Hal.
You're making it sound like it's all real.
Speaking of febrile fantasies.
Everything's going to be fine, Hal.
Everything's going to be fine.
It's okay.
If you say so, Ivan Stang.
The head of my order.
My master, Ivan Stang.
So I must believe what I am told.
J.R. Bob Dobbs and his parasitic double-mean baby head twin, Dick Dobbs.
I wish we hadn't found out about that one, too.
The field boss.
Just a messenger.
J.R. Bob Dobbs is in charge.
Well, J.R. Bob Dobbs may be in charge, but he's not one to delegate authority.
Certainly not.
I have to agree with that.
I've asked numerous times of entities that I've known to be close to Bob,
and none of them have ever come through, and neither has he.
We have seen Bob thrown out of windows, stabbed, shot, burned, and he's always back.
And that was just at one party.
Like the four of us.
A Frankenstein monster.
He always returns.
He pops up again as springs the trampled herbage of the field.
He rears his ugly head.
Just as spring conquers winter every year.
It's actually rather handsome in appearance.
And we know this for sure since we have uncovered the actual photographic evidence of the actual living, fleshy Dobbs.
Yeah, and of course, guys, it's not gay if it's Bob.
Whew.
Whew.
This is Phil Proctor.
And David Osman.
Of the Firesign Theater.
And we're enjoying listening to the Hour of Slag.
I'm slacking off myself.
Are y'all excited?
I do this every year, so some of you guys should know I play along.
It's a typical call and response.
You guys have voices.
You're ready?
Yeah.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Fuck those pigs.
Fuck those pigs.
Fuck those pigs.
Fuck those pigs.
Good job.
I think you can be a little louder.
So we'll try this again.
I want to make sure that the whole campground can hear you.
You ready?
Let's try it one more time.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Fuck those pigs.
Fuck those pigs.
Fuck those pigs.
Fuck those pigs.
Fuck those pigs.
Do it better.
This one's going to be a little harder.
You'll have to work on your enunciation.
Maybe a little diction.
Haha, I didn't say that.
Fuck them if they can't take a joke.
Fuck them if they can't take a joke.
Fuck them if they can't take a joke.
Excellent.
Let's try that one more time.
Fuck them if they can't take a joke.
Excellent.
Glad to see you guys are into it.
As Stan said, welcome to Hex Day.
There's some of my, uh...
Some of my inner New York favorite here.
How you all feeling?




















How you feeling tonight?
Do you feel good?
Do you feel slack?
Tell me how slack you feel.
Excellent.
Alright.
Let's get this show underway.
Alright.









Well, I don't know if we have anything more to say about X-Day, except that I really appreciated the way everybody who was there acted.
There were a few bad actors.
Everyone was nice, especially nice to me, Dr. Hal.
I don't know what was operating there, but they...
My favorite guy was the one who came up and said, I'm a real Bobby, and I'm going to prove it.
And he started handing out $20 bills.
He handed me $20 bills.
I was sitting with my drink, nursing my drink.
I definitely picked the wrong year to skip X-Day.
He crossed the circle and he stuffed a $20 bill in my pocket.
What's this for?
You know, you wouldn't say.
People passing out money.
It was so funny.
Remember Reverend Quasar and mention him on the show and accept him.
Right.
Reverend Quasar.
Let's give a gob of one of us.
Reverend Quasar did that.
A most holy, holy man.
This was the first time he ever appeared at X-Day.
He really got into it.
He shaved his head and he gave me money.
So Reverend Glitch Nefferson walked up and handed me a $100 bill.
And I turned around and handed it to Dr. Howell because I had been so rich.
I had to hold it for Ivan because, you know, there was a strong wind.
It might have been blown away.
Did you hold it between your knees?
I held it in a very good private spot.
Can I hold it while you run water through it?
I'm holding it right now.
But.
I don't know how we get off of this conversational byway.
I have no idea either.
Yes, it is.
We can channel our inner philo here.
We're running out of time for this segment of the program, though.
Out of time.
Oh, thank God.
All right.
So you've heard X-Day was fun and you were all saps for not coming.
See, you should have.
It would have been great.
You could have been with us in the pond and elsewhere.
And instead you stayed in Tucson because you heard it was too hot.
It was stereo.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
What happened in Tucson?
Last year it was unseasonably hot.
And so everyone got the idea that was stereo was some baking hellhole where it was always too hot for human life, like the Congo Basin.
But that was just just an aberration of a local person or one who lives in Ohio.
And this is that the same river.
And Baby Bear told me that the heat last year was unnatural.
Natural.
Yes, very much so.
There was we had a derecho come through and rendered that whole three three state area into a disaster zone.
I thought I was talking about the original derecho and the three stooges before it was Larry Curley and Moe.
No, that was Snow White.
Los derechos humanos.
Los derechos humanos.
And then I took my special pins and I drew special tattoos on many of the subgeniates there.
Dr. Howell is a hound dog.
Oh, and he knows how to.
Providing art for the masses.
Cobb walked up to the the big house and came in and there Dr. Howell had the prettiest girl at X Day looking at his etchings.
You have to ask him if they want to look at your etchings.
No, they.
Yeah, that happened.
All right.
They're not really etchings, but it's his.
His.
I kind of.
It's kind of a scrapbook or sketchbook.
Yeah, it's a sketchbook.
Full of art.
It's a sketchy business.
Come up here and look at my etchings, young lady.
This was all prearranged.
Uh.
You knew nothing about it.
It was all supposed to happen.
But when I see you in a smoking jacket, I have all these illusions of of old plays like Our Town and Not Our Town.
Well, if we just use ashtrays and put the smoking materials out in ashtrays, there are jackets would not smoke when we cram them into the pockets.
But I fear we are now out of time and our little bit of time to expound on X Day has been characteristically wasted.
That's right.
Heff.
Yep.
Well, hey, there's always next time.
The church.
Well, guys, I want to thank you very much for your presence here in the studio.
It's always a pleasure.
Dr. Handel and Debra.
We'll be back next day.
That's right.
And thank you.
Lonesome Cowboy Dave for your call.
Thank you very much for your call.
And the owls we wish to commend for their hoots.
Are you going to resume the hooting owls of non-Gahooly of Ohio?
It was a.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
You've been listening to the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack for free information.
Right to P.O.
Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118 or see www.subgenius.com.


Praise Bob.
Thanks shot ofé
in Luke,
just like on the
The end is nigh
The geeks will fry
Cause the end is nigh
The fogs will shift to space
Get us the hell out of this place
Right?
Let's hear some of that saucer roar noise
to remind us what we're looking for.
Hear the engines rumble.
Let's hear some of that saucer roar noise.
Sex goddess is squaking in the background.
So let's introduce ourselves.
Laying down the bottom edge.
Give it up for Bishop Stick.
Give it up for Bishop Stick.
On the shiny blue kick fiddle.
Give it up for Sunspish.
Give it up for Shaw.
And bang the leg in the back here.
All right, give it up for Avery Larry.
And recording everything for Posterity.
Let's give it up for the sacred scribe.
I'm a tank.
I'm uh a man.
piteroigu May I?
You know this whole body is rain

Now you in this áreas

Have we got Wolfman maaaan











The princess is a creature of antiquity, 10 million years at least in age.
Sire, there is no more money.
We gotta get some money.
That dirty Turkish archipelago,
friends, we're glad you listened to this show,
and we're even more glad that some listeners have donated enough to help us keep on going for another couple of months.
Not just this show, but subgenius.com and all the other archive sites.
But if you truly love Bob,
and want some of that slack back to rebound,
T-Series,
you should go to subgenius.com,
front page, or especially the radio page,
or the catalog store pages,
and help out financially as best you can.
Now, we know what it's like to be on the brink of total poverty,
and we don't want any subgeniuses to make their own situations worse.
But some of you still have jobs.
Even five bucks makes a big difference,
even if it's only once a month,
from enough of you.
Fifty bucks?
Fifty bucks makes an even bigger difference.
All we're saying is that
glow jobs could go the way of Steve jobs if you don't pay Dobbs.
We also take checks and money orders to
Subgenius Foundation.
P.O. Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Thanks for entering.
If you seeught into our early
stolid

Covid-19







Hi Hus أبناء م cutter้都是 الع Civ adalah مدرسة Dani 시 Father's Greater Public Health Service你有 عمرばIf something happen to mexi Hap några 감사합니다
Sex, money, bop!
Free pills! Sex, money, bop!
Free pills! Sex, money, bop!
Kill me! Sex, money, bop!
