We're training them.
Yes, we're trying to entrain the Brushwood employees to get used to the fact that subgeniuses are not going to flush the chem toilets.
Yes.
Which can't be flushed anyway.
Incidentally, and this part is serious, please don't throw tin cans or diapers or old Dobbshead t-shirts.
If you suddenly decide you hate the church, don't throw your hat down there in anger because that'll just hurt Mr. Honey Dipper Man's equipment.
And he's the most important fellow out here at Brushwood is the Honey Dipper Man.
It has become more absolute that the wealth of the nation consists in the number of superior men that it harbors.
That's subgenius Howard S. Slack.
There we go.
Oh, yes.
Yes, dear friends.
At last we are here, settled in our place, ready to begin.
And so we begin the live hour of Slack at 13X Day, broadcast here from Tarzan's radio station.
On the Brushwood stage, near peaceful Sherman, New York.
Peaceful on the surface, but simmering.
And bubbling beneath that placid small town facade is a subculture of crazed methamphetamine gobbling Amish people and rednecks and subgeniuses who would make the movie Blue Velvet look like an Abbott and Costello comedy.
Seeming with envy.
Envy.
Envy for the free-spirited.
The brushwood attendees.
And in their dark and clouded minds, they secretly hatched plots against us.
Intelligence's vast, cool, and very unsympathetic regarded us from...
Yes, to whom we are as the animalcules in a drop of water, by comparison, intellectually.
Speaking of animals in a drop of water, boy, have I got some hot bugs.
Bug porn for everybody.
Ivan Stang has been investigating the micro-world assiduously in the past interval, and has made some new friends.
Well, when I found out those dinosaurs in the Jurassic Park movie were computer animated and not real, I gave up on dinosaurs and switched to monsters that I could film myself.
And I'm, uh...
Actually, is Reverend Oroboros here?
He donated us a wonderful stereo...
...microscope, and I'm hoping that he'll bring something even better this year.
Works a lot better than the Gilbert chemistry set microscope.
I could never tell whether I was seeing my eyelashes with that model.
Now, Dr. Dark has a telescope, which he has stashed up the hill, that he can watch the nude bathers with.
From the very small...
Now, maybe we could just turn that around, and that would be a better microscope.
That would be one amazing.
Well, that's why they built those windows.
They built those windows in the women's shower just before the bank of windows across the street.
They constructed that. It's no architectural anomaly.
I have a videotape of...
We don't need to go into that.
...cohlapses having sex, which is pretty interesting.
You can talk about it.
They're little swimming barrel-shaped things that put themselves...
I can't tell if they're butt-to-butt or mouth-to-butt or...
...but...
...or...
...or mouth-to-mouth.
They look the same. Either end looks the same.
But they join together and then rotate around a common center. It's very beautiful.
Well, you might as well...
I also have at least ten minutes of a cladocerin or water flea shitting or...
It has diarrhea.
...performing extra meditation every seven seconds.
Wow.
I thought that was normal until I realized that even parasites have parasites.
It does have a parasite, which causes this...
Every seven seconds, it shits unimaginably tiny exact duplicates of human turds, which can be seen under the microscope in the 3D.
What we're hoping for is to catch footage of the little bug that swims along behind the cladocerin eating the little turds.
Because God has provided, even in this situation.
There's always something left behind to clean up your crap.
God is truly a great...
There's always something left behind to clean up your crap.
...great surrealist.
There's always something left behind to clean up your crap.
I'll quote Jonathan Swift here and say,
Little fleas have lesser fleas upon their backs to bite them, and lesser fleas have lesser fleas and so ad infinitum.
You say that prettier than I do, Dr. Howe.
He's got such a pretty voice.
I didn't know that was Jonathan Swift that said that.
Oh, yeah.
But actually, it's true. I learned in my studies that the tiniest little things that make you itch and scratch,
You'll be glad to know that they're not.
You'll be glad to know that they have even tinier things that make them itch and scratch and have diarrhea.
Yes, there is revenge all the way down.
Down to the micro-molecular level, the wrath of Bob penetrates downward, even as it effulges upward.
There is no escape. None escape.
Who's that man, struttin' down the street?
Snap it, snap it, snap-chop-chatting to everyone he meets.
Yeah, I betcha he's out. I betcha he's out. I betcha he's out-out-out-out.
Snap it, snap it, snap it, snap it , snap it, snap it, snap it, snap it.
Yes, folks, there is life in outer space,
and here he comes, the life of outer space himself.
Let's make him feel at home.
Here's Bob.
Do you know me?
Often, when I enter a hotel or restaurant,
people fail to recognize me.
Thank you, thank you, you're great.
Let's start tonight's show with a medley of your favorites.
Remember this one?
Bulldada, Bulldada, look there.
Bulldada, look there.
Looks like I picked the wrong week to quit amphetamines.
My name is Bob.
Pleased to meet you.
Meet to please you.
Get it?
Oh, you're hungry.
Oh, well, I am too.
I didn't have time to have any breakfast this morning,
but I'm afraid we're not quite open yet.
We operate in a very different time reference.
You might say all this is happening
between the tics of your watch or the beats of your heart.
Every night,
before we lock up,
we've got to make sure that this room is clean.
You know, those tiny little germs.
Germs.
Germs that can cause colds,
bad breath,
diarrhea.
Germs that can flourish in your family bathroom.
They can be quite dangerous.
Every tiny scratch is a dirt trap that doubles your work.
Now, so,
everything has to go down.
In here.
In the static tank.
I wish to speak to the mutants.
In their chamber.
Focus them in at once.
The signal might be a little weak,
but if I could tap into the lab's transmitter,
and then into this.
You're going to try to control Bob
with your laptop,
a cell phone,
and a car radio?
You know, that's your problem, Nathan.
You're always so negative.
Hey, who was stupid enough
to turn on your car alarm at Brushwood?
I mean, seriously, are you going to worry
that the Amish are going to rob you?
Someone's molesting and pestering that car.
Now, speaking of the Amish,
I was told that there was another
big Amish methamphetamine bust.
Homage to the Amish.
That happened about ten years ago,
and I thought it was a joke.
And then everybody, you know,
the TV people were all making jokes about,
oh, yeah, we'll get that barn raised
real quick tonight.
But apparently,
they've continued.
They're an industrious folk, the Amish.
And methamphetamine is pretty easy
to brew up with.
If you've got a butter churn
and a hardy daughter to churn that thing,
you can make you some bathtub meth.
Yeah, a horse.
Yeah, sure.
Donkeys, whatever.
Now the other subgeniuses
are honking their horns
along with the errant car alarm.
Is that really happening?
I wonder if it's a...
It's an automobile mating ritual thing,
you know, and maybe that car
is really horny
and trying to find other cars
who are horny like it.
Well, that's a typically selfless
and noble perspective that you have on it.
And now they've reached their climax
and finished.
I want to see the cars where the males
vie for the attention of the females
by head-butting.
Ramming into each other
as hard as they can, like rams
or paras...
I think that's a Taurus.
Pachycephalosaurus.
Although some people say
the Pachycephalosaurus
could not possibly have rammed
their heads together.
Yes, they say that.
But maybe they knocked their heads together
like the three stooges
instead of ramming them together.
But, you know,
they denounce everything
and then they are proved wrong.
How I could go into that
that all these anhedonic,
paleontologists have recently been
proved wrong.
But nobody's interested
in that particular subject.
But we do have a lot to say
which is of specific,
germane interest
to each and every subgenius
as the last hours of our survival
continue narrowing down
to the point when those
unbearably brilliant saucers
will hover over this very spot.
Yeah, X-Day.
So it's...
You can relax because it's X-Day.
You know, I'm not supposed to eat a donut.
Well, go ahead and eat it.
It's X-Day.
I'm so sorry, people.
I don't know what to say, but...
I know you weren't expecting this
and I'm sorry.
Today's your day.
Oh, don't cry.
It's so unbecoming.
You can face your death with dignity
or you can face it
screaming and running.
Screaming and running.
Screaming and running.
They'll be screaming and running!
Freeze, Bob.
And by the way, just a piece of advice
I want you to consider.
Boys and girls, it does get cold at night here
at Brushwood on occasion.
And when you're spooning up next to...
Bob to keep warm in these cold Brushwood nights...
Bob?
Make sure that you're on the right side of the spoon
or you're gonna become forked.
Bifurcated by Bob.
My spoon runneth over.
Speaking of getting fucked by Bob,
Dr. Legume is here.
He now sports a brilliant pink scar
that runs...
all the way down his gut.
And that scar covers the hole
where Bob fucked Dr. Legume.
If you want good luck
for a fee,
Dr. Legume will let you
lick that star for the...
the scar for the good luck
that comes from kissing
the hole that Bob used.
Some people have done this already
and they report miraculous results.
Miraculous.
It is a healing process.
He didn't get sick for one thing.
Well, yes.
That's always a good point.
So this can be done.
As for the interchange of money
that is between you and Dr. Legume,
he needs your donations
because of a recent bout with car trouble.
So if you're interested in licking the hole,
see Dr. Legume and line up.
Yeah, and he'll also will...
He will let Andrew the Impaled
sew his lips all the way shut
if he wants to.







If you give him enough money.
I'm not sure how much that is.
That's the extra bonus program.
Yeah.
I'm licking the hole that Bob came in.
It's been a bit...
10 years since Legume attempted
to get his lips sewn shut.
Like the mummy.
That year he was on Jagermeister
and used a hat pin rather than
the surgical needles
that the professional sideshow marvels use.
They sewed Imhotep's lips closed
because he had spoken blasphemies.
Legume's spoken quite a bit of blasphemies.
Over the years.
And then they also removed his tongue
and put in the sacred scarab and...
And all that.
Yeah.
Some of the scar books kind of look like scarab trails.
Yes.
Coincidence or conspiracy?
Probably a little bit of both.
Perhaps directed from afar,
from the sacred and sealed valley of Hadoff
by the Nile,
where unspeakable things still flop abroad
in the bright light of day.
Thank you.
You're not supposed to talk about that, Dr. Howell.
It's X Day.
I keep saying it.
Now it all comes out.
All skid marks previously hidden in the laundry
are exposed under the sky of heaven.
Yep.
I'm afraid that it's Bob is really Satan
and you're all doomed to hell.
But it's too late to change anything now.
That's in the script of the subgenius movie.
Really?
Of the stand going off with Satan saying,
fuck Bob.
No, that really happened.
Yeah, I know.
At X Day 1998.
But it's in the script.
But that's not a made up story.
But in the movie, just the same.
When in the conspiracy version of 1998,
there were actually, oddly enough,
there were about 10 times as many people here
at seven in the morning.
And of course the saucers appeared not to arrive.
And I was tarred and feathered
and escorted into that parasite infested pond.
He survived.
And thrown in.
And these redheaded bitches came in.
Kept me in there.
I was, I mean, friends, many of you have had the nightmare
where you're stark naked suddenly at school or work or something
and everybody's pointing at your nakedness and laughing.
And some of this has had it really happen.
That's just the memory of a big party here at Brushwood.
That really happened.
It was no nightmare.
The interesting thing was though,
none of the subgeniuses had the slightest sympathy.
They were chanting triple your money back
and throwing things at me and acting like I was jealous.
J.R. Bob Dobbs and all to blame.
And who came down and pushed those redheaded bitches aside
and led me up the hill out of that horrible pond
but Satan himself.
Or a guy in a really good devil costume.
Jesus was very upset by that.
Here's a tip.
I changed business partners that day.
If you come anywhere in a devil costume,
you're going to have a real good time.
If you come out to Brushwood and you have a good devil suit,
you can write your own ticket.
Just a word to the wise.
And how did that work out for you?
Well, I came in the devil costume and absolutely great.
You came in the devil costume?
But you washed it later, I suppose.
Yeah, no, I washed it.
Well, get a rubber devil costume, folks.
You know who doesn't wash their devil costume?
Who?
That band GWAR.
Oh, they never wash.
They come in those costumes and that's the way they stay.
And boy, you can tell.
We had one of them out here in 97.
Andrew the Impaled was the only one tough enough to wear it.
It was a gray alien leftover costume from GWAR tour.
And you may have smelled mildew.
You think you've smelled mildew.
No, you haven't smelled mildew until you've been backstage with GWAR.
The curdled milk of human kindness.
Doing the things that all groupies do.
Well, they don't air it.
They don't air condition their concerts either.
You're alike to swelter and die of human heat if you attend one of those stressful festivals.
It just proves who the weak are, you know?
I mean, it's just like X Day.
There's a lot of things that happen and it separates the weaker, not quite ready for big time bobbies from the true over men and over films.
Will you be a bohab when it's your turn to die?
This is the key, though.
I mean, this is what X Day is partially about, is taking the weaklings out of the food chain.
Separating the wheat from the chaff, which is burned in the furnace.
Well, now, be careful how you say that.
I sometimes end up looking at videotapes that other people shoot at X Day.
And sometimes it contains footage I probably wasn't supposed to see.
Once, there was this one Bobby.
And I don't use that term lightly.
This guy was fit every decision.
He had a description of a Bobby.
And yet, someone had interviewed, someone who didn't know him, had interviewed him about X Day and so forth.
And I saw the tape later.
And he was sitting there going, well, you know, we're like, X Day is what separates the wheat from the chaff.
And people like me, we're the people who really understand the church and run things and everything.
And the rest of them are just bobbies.
But we talked about this before.
Nobody thinks he is a Bobby.
It's always the other person.
It's always the next guy.
It's the person sitting next to you in the pew.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I'm not a Bobby.
No, sir.
But I'll tell you what, my friends.
I am a Bobby.
I was one of the first Bobbies.
Dr. Feiland showed me that picture of Bob.
And at that moment, I became the first Bobby.
And I spent five years going, Bob's slack.
Bob's slack.
Oh, Bob gave me slack.
Bob gave me slack.
It's like the dumbest Bobby in Dobstown.
And, friends, I don't feel bad about that.
I grew out of it after five or ten years.
It's a stage.
It's a phase in the development.
It's a stage.
It's a phase.
But if you realize how evolution works, it is never discarded.
It is always there.
The bobbies are a necessary part of the harvest.
Twitching and twitching.
It's part of the makeup.
Evolution adds things over other things which remain.
And I freely acknowledge that I am a Bobby also.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Bob.
Bob.
I've done so many things of which I should be ashamed.
That is hardly chief among them.
There's a good Bob and there's a bad Bob.
And there's good bobbies and bad bobbies.
Absolutely.
And then there's middle of the road bobbies.
The bland, oatmeal-like, utterly boring sludge of Bobby blandness.
Yeah, but they've got grits and an all night diner.
That's right.
They tend to have the 30 bucks.
It's the one thing that separates the Bobby from the human.
The Bobby spent his 30 bucks a day.







He's in the right place.
What the human spent his 30 bucks on.
Fine liquor.
Investments in gold.
Improving his life.
Now what kind of, oh.
But the true, the Bobby spends it the right way.
Water bears.
On his X Day membership pack.
Yes.
Well, X Day membership pack, that is really worth more than gold.
How many here have received official ordination as a subgenius minister?
Didn't you like the fact that you were a subgenius minister?
I mean, I have a lot of experience.







I mean, that stuff that you got in the mail, that wonderful envelope, that packet.
One or two years ago.
Bulging with surprises of various kinds.
And also the ecumenical bridge to our brethren in the Church of Universal Life, which enables
you, a subgenius minister, to perform weddings, funerals, and christenings.
So what's that worth, really?
You just have to bite.
Bite the proverbial bullet.
Biting.
I'm sorry, I was thinking about something else entirely.
Oh, that's all right.
To proceed with that thought.
No, I read.
We must bite off what we can, while it is available.
We must bite off more than we can chew.
And then chew in blissful solitude.
Good morning marijuana.
Yes.
Bacon.
Slap.
Three sausage links.
Potatoes.
Pancakes.
Sucker.
Loading up on large amounts of bacon.
Bacon.
Facts.
Weed.
Clam chowder.
Shrimp.
Pie.
Potatoes.
Textile crustaceans.
A bone shard.
Marijuana.
Coughing.
With pumpkin-shaped legs.
I haven't been baptized.
Inhale.
Salivation.
No.
You know, there's this thing that happens to certain Connieites.
We become sort of possessed.
And recently, I've been possessed by Connie a lot, actually.
As Stang has witnessed quite a few Connie possessions.
Yes, I know.
It's an amazing thing.

It's a great thing to see.
The writhing, the spitting, and jerking.
What was interesting is I, and I wrote it down because I had a possession, and sometimes
I'm smart enough to record them in some way.
Automatic writing.
It's mediumistic writing.
Also, like, ectoplasm can come out of her and float around while she's doing it.
Yeah, and again, the boobs mess up the mics, and then...
Says you.
Screaming and running.
Hate screaming and running.
Screaming and running.



May I scream again?
Screaming and running.
Screaming and running.
Screaming and running.
Screaming and running.
Screaming and running.
Screaming and running.
Screaming and running.

Screaming and running.
Screaming and running.
The subgenius tarot cards was one of those jokes that never happened.
It was a running gag.
Every Bobby would come along and go, hey, I've got an idea.
What if you had subgenius tarot cards?
Actually, Cary Thornley created subgenius tarot cards in 1983.
Cary Thornley, as in not you, Thornley, the Cary Thornley.
But we now actually have there's a Pisces card was just there.
Yes.
These cards are actually part of the Book of Thoth, though they do not supplant it.
No.
But we're very pleased with the way they turned out.
Yeah.
All right.
Oh, I believe we have a call coming in.
Let's go to that call now.
It would be Susie the Flusie.
We're hoping to hear from Susie the Flusie.
She, like many others, has had great difficulty in coming through the bombardment that surrounds Brushwood,
the spiritual.
Bombardment.
The enemy energy archons who don't want us to be together.
They disabled the car of one prominent subgenius, and they've been retarding the progress of Susie.
They sent radiating demons after Dr. Legume.
That's true.
They sent flat tire demons against me many times in the past and broken hose demons.
They mock and snicker.
Not to mention hangover demons and such like.
Satan.
Snickering imps.
Mocking and making fun.
But, you know, we shouldn't give the impression that we're always complaining.
We welcome these challenges.
They give richness to what we do.
After all, isn't life hot and merry and the devil take the hindmost?
Once we all achieve some sort of paradisical perfection, we may look back with a certain nostalgia on our time of striving.
When, like the pond animalcules under Ivan Stang's microscope, we were contending with our fellow beings for all the rewards of life.
Life and life's effluence clouded once and shower.
Are we really all that glad to give it up simply so we may frolic in eternal orgasm with aliens in the sky?
But considering the alternative, of course the answer to that is yes.
And the question is rhetorical.
Still, let us enjoy these final few moments in each other's company.
So all the alcoholics are gathered around us here.
Time to leave after this.
This is the last beer!
On earth!
This is the last beer on earth!
Before you get off this planet, you will drink and either you will have a sip of this beer or you will leave.
Huh?
With a thirsty throat.
Ladies and gentlemen, please put your hands together for the brothers at Tap House who made this evening possible.
Please, I want to hear some clapping and a beer tasting.
Praise the Lord!
Praise Bob!
Please, praise the Lord!
Praise the Lord!
Praise the gang!
Praise the God!
Praise the God!
Alright, get the fuck out!
Besides, the whole purpose is to get so drunk you don't know who or what you are.
My name's John Dietz, and what I want to know is why...
Son, if you want to expand your mind, the right kind of sugar cube can expand your mind.
You try magical cubes, boy.
But with marijuana, even bartenders get arrested.
But with marijuana, even bartenders get arrested.
My name's Diane.
I just want to say that my husband works at a supermarket.
That's not quite true.
I didn't know we had to wear makeup.
A little powder and some eyebrow pencil.
That's good.
I think so.
Ouch!
Ouch!

Ouch!
Ouch!
Ouch!
Ouch!
Ouch!
Ouch!

Ouch!
Ouch!
Ouch!
Ouch!
Ouch!
Ouch!





Ahem!
가요!
Diane, I can't believe I'm in here now.
That's not my Kellyurly photo.

esas.
Base it up.


Blabla is a blend of worst Android and after my enfin tutorials, I finally got shit
out of house.
So I'm going to dump this stuff away.
mouth hole and grind it, but I also have a little...
Yes, I know what you do.
A little grinder thing.
Mm-hmm.
The things that you do.
The things that one must do.
I only use mine for real Habifrop Zipulops, though,
not for common street marijuana
or any of these heroin crack things
that you see everybody else shooting up around here.
I'm not like that.
Well, surely those of us not so far advanced
in the deeper things of Bob
envy your ability to harness the power
of these outre substances in the proper fashion.
You only have to smoke real Frop once.
You can't get any higher than that,
and you'll never, ever come down.
Now, we are speaking of the Marifesa Luminosa,
which only grows on the droppings
of certain Tibetan holy men
and is the basis for the actual Habifrop Zipulops.
Mm-hmm.
Which is pretty expensive and hard to get these days,
especially since China has, you know, taken over Tibet.
Yeah.
But you can get...
All the good stuff goes to the chairman and his buddies.
We're getting it through Shanghai right now.
We used to get it from our agent in Japan,
but now he's in Shanghai.
Did he get Shanghai'd there?
No, he went there,
and he recently hosted the first Shanghai China subgenius revival.
Yeah.
And it was full of hot chicks, too.
It was.
They're really trying to break the puritanical Chinese mold there,
and, boy, are they succeeding.
Yes, initiates, fate, fate, destiny
has brought you into this tiny little world
like Shanghai for the first ever in Asia,
14 years in the making subgenius revival.
Yeah, baseball, baseball, baseball, baseball.
I will make you hell so loud
You'll all be green out on the moon
Oh, God, oh, God
But we ain't Texas now, we're in China, man.
China.
And people ask me, rap.
Rap, rap, rap.
Isn't it time for a song?
It's the...
Always will be Bob
His face is one big assembly
The dots that shine in the dark
His grin is the one that looks friendly
But so does the grin of a shark
So, people ask me, rap.
Rap.
Rap.
Rap.
Rap.
Rap.
We are descendants of the Yeti.
And Bob!
So, is there an agenda this year?
Yes.
The next day?
There's always an agenda.
The agenda is to slay the pinks and leave the planet.
Are we gonna control time and try to stretch it out to be, you know,
like three hours for the next 45 minutes, you know?
Well, we kind of do that automatically.
And then for the 45 minutes after that, well, like, maybe, you know,

maybe it'll be like 20 minutes, you know?
Well, we've got all the equipment working.
That's all.
That's the only thing that works is the equipment.
I'm sure not putting myself down.
So, these are the rules here, right?
Yeah, we've already read those.
Oh, you've already read those. Okay.
Yeah, yeah.
But we were killing time earlier.
Pisces read the entire program book.
But does everybody have it memorized?
That's the important thing.
Have you been reading your prescriptions?
You'll be tested on this later.
Can you recite the prescriptures all the way through?
Yes.
Here's the law.
But how about the outtakes to the prescriptures?
Can I, for that matter, actually know?
Can you recite the outtakes to the prescriptures?
That's the important thing.
God, that's right.
There's pages and pages of stuff that Bob didn't want released until the year 2009.
Oh, my God.
What is this?
From PR News in Washington,
I'm part of a string of attacks against the humid 10,000% blaze near Flagstaff, Arizona.
The hot, humid,
fire is said to be about 10% windy.
Residents of some 750 homes are said to be assassinated.
As PR's Niki Zajdaša reports,
PR is said to be bad.
PR News, bad.
PR is said to be about 10% bad.
It's bad.
Poland's acting president says this is said to be PR News.
Uh.
People are averaging 20%, according to a new survey.
Nearly four of every five of the roughly 14 million quarter-hours
of the roughly 5,000 by as much as 40%.
Roszko-Lekiejczyk-Szydłowiec-Kiełbski in 2012,
along with many other members of Poland's hot, hot brass.
And as PR tells us, there are also those who get their jobs.
Last check on Wall Street 2010, 423 and 2289.
This is PR News.
It's bad.
Hey, does anybody here have a taste for fresh octopus?
This is gonna fly.
So you couldn't eat all yours?
The masked person.
Yeah, I actually have some left over.
Yeah, last night, Stang was tearing into the octopus.
He couldn't get enough.
Now he's trying to give the rest of it away.
The Lucky 13 family brought a gift for me that was not canned octopus,
but fresh pickled octopus.
I ate some of it.
I think I ate some of the mantle and a piece of tentacle.
But the rest of it that is not consumed by the now less than completely enthusiastic Stang.
What parts would that be?
Is available.
What parts of the octopus would not be consumed?
Well, I'm not saying any parts would not be.
Are you talking about the beak?
The beak didn't seem to be there.
It's already chopped up.
They wouldn't throw the beak in.
That would be short-sheeting the customer.
You have to have the beak in there to prove that you didn't get a prairie squid by mistake.
Well, this isn't a prairie squid.
It ain't no prairie squid.
Some people like to say, oh, squid, octopus, what's the difference?
Just same thing.
Aside from the number of tentacles.
But then...
And the size of their hole that you use.
There's a great deal of difference.
The squid has a hard inner part.
The octopus is all a nice soft bag.
But what's really interesting as a difference is that the octopus has a soul.
The squid doesn't.
The octopus is like an intelligent being.
Also, the octopus is venomous, poisonous.
Can kill with its bite.
I feel a little bit bad eating something that's probably...
I don't want to be as intelligent as me in a different way.
But I don't feel bad enough not to eat it.
A lesson in humility.
You don't feel as bad as you would had they been eating you.
As you consume intelligent life, you must acknowledge that it can happen to you, too.
Eat or be eaten.
And then enjoy your snack of your fellow intellected creature.
Well, most of the time.
Now, I understand in Paris now you can buy bush meat.
There's so many Africans there.
That's horrible.
There's a massive black market.
I hope they stamp that out.
Well, of course.
That's just varmint.
They're eating anteaters.
I mean, you can buy anteaters at...
That's just nutria.
It's just a big rat.
Nutritious.
Short for nutritious.
Well, the authorities are trying to crack down on it.
Partly because, of course, there's the endangered species problem.
But also because wild animals...
Rats aren't endangered.
...have parasites that will eventually crawl out of your...
...body by digging a hole in your leg and slowly crawling out.
Ghastly.
Horrendous.
Are you talking about rats?
No, we're talking about everything.
No, I'm talking about guinea worms.
I'm talking about guinea worms, actually.
Talking about how anything from the tropics is suspect.
And so when you eat it, you must expect to share your own body with a large intruder.
But the same source of Reverend Stang's parasitology studies cites prehistoric parasites that are
the dinosaurs that the dinosauria had.
Ghastly tapeworms 50 feet long and other outrageous...
That's the kind of things they should clone.
Humans can get tapeworms pretty damn long.
Humans get tapeworms pretty damn long.
Think about that as a biological enemy killer.
You just unleash your 50-foot tapeworms on them.
So-called Mexican diet pills.
I ain't a kiddin'.
The unscrupulous would sell those out.
50-foot tapeworms.
Sounds like a band name.
50-foot tapeworms.
Yes.
They're supposedly not doing it anymore, but the scandal was...
50 feet for a tapeworm.
Deliberately introduced the tapeworm, and sure enough, the weight comes right off.
Now, if you had 50-foot wide tapeworm, that would be unusual.
That would be bad.
But you see, the length and vigor of the tapeworm is directly dependent upon how much of your
precious substance is consumed.
I think if you're gonna have a tapeworm that's 50 feet long...

50 feet wide, you need to let it go at the Super Bowl, so it's got plenty to eat.
So it can slither around.
Well, the nature of parasites is to be...
Tapeworms on a plane.
Serapicious.
If you have a tapeworm at a regular function, it's just not gonna get fed well.
You shouldn't see them, or they're not doing their job.
They have to make you think that they're not there.
Many parasites do.
Until it's too late.
There can be a part of horrified time where you do realize it's there, but you know nothing about it.
You see that massive tumor, you know, that's distended...
Or when your brain expands and your skull explodes, which is not from a cheap horror movie, but actually possible.
Just as you said, that bot's face was like exploding.
The African fly that causes this.
It was exploding. Is that behind us?
Your head be exploding when that happens.
So never let this particular fly bite you.
That is, if you can do anything about it at all.
Stay away from the tropics. Live in a lovely temperate climate.
Like this one.
The African fly.

The African fly.
The African fly.
The African fly.
The African fly.
The African fly.
The African fly.
The African fly.
The African fly.
The African fly.
The African fly.
The African fly.
The African fly.
We are creating a brand new world around us.
We are creating a brand new world without us.
Maybe it really is okay.
Although we're digging our own graves at this moment.
If we should all just disappear.
The skies and waters will clear in a world without us.
And there's no place like home.
There's no place like home.
There's no place like home to return to.
We push against the rest of life.
As if we can survive without the world around us.
Can't have a rainbow without the rain.
Can't have a painting without the pain.
Can't have a lover without the pain.
Walk out without the light.
Living with them.
There's no place like home.
No place like home.
To return to.
And there's no place like home.
There's no place like home.
There's no place like home.
To return to.
And there's no place like home.
There's no place like home to return to.
And there's no place like home, there's no place like home, there's no place like home to return to.
To return to.
To return to.
We've been hearing collages and cut-ups by that cut-up Fernanda Nande-Lemur,
but also bits done by the good Reverend Heart Ignition, who is back.
And the Here's Bob one near the beginning was by Reverend Sweetness McGee from Ministry of Slack.
We also heard 13X Day music from the Sunday Night Jam with Reverend Angry Larry, Philo, Pisces,
Reverend Suds, Reverend Phil, Dr. Sinister, and others.
And we heard...
We heard a clip from the Shanghai Devival, hosted by Reverend Shining Cat, who leads resistance in China.
And, uh...
Oh, yeah, yeah, you're now listening to the Hour of Slack number 1266 from the Church of the Subgenius.
You can find more information about our books and other audio and so on at subgenius.com.
Or you can write to us at P.O. Box 1814.
417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
And now back to 13X Day Drill with Dr. Howell, Pisces, and Philo.
This is kind of a high-tech X Day.
Oh, yeah, we've made some improvements since your time.
Yeah, it's been several years.
Yes, the vacuum tubes and the helicopter set are retired.
It's gotten a little bigger over the years.
Yes, that's right.
It's improved quite a bit.
You can't judge by what you can see because the vast, hidden crowd extends farther.
That was hard because we had to be in the audience and on stage at the same time.
It was better exercise.
You'd run down there, run up here.
The steps weren't even there yet.
No, you'd have to bound up, but we were youthful then, and we could do it.
We were full of sap and figure.
We just stood on a rock.
We were hard as rocks back then.
Yes, that was then.
Hard as rocks.
Now, elderly, palsied, blasted.
Blended with antiquity.
Oft blind and age-bent, sore, distressed.
But fill me with the old familiar juice.
I think I might recover by a lot.
We pause for the appropriate picture taking.
And station identification.
So this year, Dr. Drummond noticed we put a tablecloth in front of the picnic table
so that people couldn't see if I had my hand on your knee.
You see me fiddling with my leg on your head.
So they won't see you adjusting your trousers.
That's what they used to call it back at school when the principal did it.
Yes, we don't want to distract the flea pit down there because our message is important.
We've got to pound our message home.
What was our message?
We've hardly got any time to continue with this vital and essential project.
What was our message?
Something like that.
A pipe guy.
Yeah, a guy who wants a pipe.
Whose hand is that under there?
Your hands are on top.
Well, on top for the moment.
I'm fiddling you now.
Oh, that's my hand.
Oh, that's my hand.
We all sit in the great hand of Bob.
The over man.
With cracked fingernails.
Glad you got that.
I didn't even know it, but I'm glad it's there now.
Particularly now.
The concrete face of the dam cracks and falls.
Ten million tons of pressure builds toward ultimate collapse.
Yeah, a little struggle.
Hold it.
Oh, here.
Now, if you weren't of explanation regarding the being that you are all waiting to see.
Hey, Bob.
I'm on 50 million years.
That sounds like a dolphin.
Right.
Yeah.
I want us to touch it.
On the stand.
Not touch.
Yes, you do.
You may now take your photographs.
Oh, oh.
Enough.
But...
I'm not going to touch it.

Why?
Why?
He knows why.
What's the deal?
Let's play it by ear.
The Little Pounders.
You know, when...
I would probably leave a radio station for equipment like this.
No, it was even...
It was before Agincourt.
It was the Battle of Shrewsbury when...
Now, the red light that says record is coming up.
How could it be recording?
Prince Henry fought that battle...
There's no way it could be recording.
... and acquitted himself very well.
But unlike in Shakespeare, the...






I mean, in Shakespeare, he didn't kill Hotspur single-handedly, although Hotspur was killed
during that battle.
But what did happen to him is he got an arrow right in the face, which penetrated through
the right side of his face and lodged the point in the back of his skull.
And even so, he continued fighting in the battle and won the day for...
Did he leave the arrow sticking out?
That's what everybody wants to know.

He left the arrow sticking out, and then, this is what reminded me of the whole thing,
they pulled it out with a special device which they had made for the...
And now, tell us...
... purpose, a special forceps which pulled it out.
But...
And of course, he survived to become Henry V and to win the Battle of Ashleport.
But now, no, no, no, wait, when they pulled it out, what did it have on stuck to the point?
It made a hideous sucking sound, but it had a little piece of Henry, King of England,
stuck on it.
A bugger.
A really, really big bugger.
An inside-the-skull bugger.
And that's why all the pictures of Henry V are a profile looking to...
It's true.
It's true.
It's a little known fact.
... the left, because the right side had this big honking scar which is not shown in any
of the official portraits.
Not just that, the whole side of his face was caved in, or this bugger that had been
before.
Medieval miniatures, illuminated manuscripts.
The removal of it.
It's all a fix.
The fix is in.
Made his face cave in.
One of the greatest kings, and that just shows when you've got an arrow sticking out of your
face and medieval surgery to look forward to, you can still do a good job.
If you are dedicated and motivated, can we do any less as we humbly shepherd our stumbling
sheep toward the yawning portals of the space vessels?
Look at that equipment Reverend Stanton has over there.
That's another rhetorical question.
Can we?
Can we do that?
There's only so much I personally...
Can we just ask the question?
Yes.
Ask the question, at least let the question quiver unanswered in the atmosphere.
That's the point, is letting it quiver.
Yeah.
It can quiver.
It can quiver and we can say, well, you know, we did that at least.
At least we did so much.
So that quiver could occur.
You like beaver.
Fortunately, it's just a game.
No one is, you know, and hot.
You know, I think what's important is actually the marijuana.
Marijuana.
Turkey.
Must be destroyed.
What?
Yes, I have it.
No, I don't.
Breast.
Often matters.
Worky art.
Colon.
Troll.
And like, I'm pregnant.
I'm pregnant.

That's it.
So where are you staying here?
Well, I'm up in the trailer, you know.
Oh, the trailer.
The trailer that's painted on the outside with woods and trees and brush but inside
seeds with spiders and mice.
That's where they put...
It's camouflage.
You can't see the trailer from the road because it's got trees painted...
I'm so glad you said that.
I thought I was going blind.
That's where they put the people who snore really, really loud.
I'm afraid that's so.
Fortunately, I brought earplugs.
But I'm not really complaining, simply observing.
Observing.
We must keep our eyes open and drink in every last detail of these final days.
Some of you may remember that year that we had like three snoring champions in there.
Five drunken subs for snoring champions.
All of the people that had set their camps up outside the perimeter of the trailer had moved.
They began snoring in unison.
They had moved.
It was like a calliope on an overdrive.
By two or three in the morning, it was probably three or four, they had all packed up and left.
There's no way they could survive.
They weren't cut out for it.
They weren't cut out for this kind of life.
But, you know, that is part of the falling off.
It's tragic.
By the way.
It's tragic.
We were talking before you got here about bobbies talking about separating the wheat from the chaff.
The chaff, of course, not being them because bobbies always think everybody else is a bobby.
But then we kind of had to admit that we're all bobbies under our evolutionary structure.
What's this we, Dr. Al?
Except you.
We acknowledge that you are not a bobby, but everybody else.
Somebody has not to be, right?
Yes, that's you.
But everybody else.
It's part of an evolutionary stage, just as the brain is constructed of different states.
That's where I came in here, right?
Yes, exactly.
That's right.
I was coming in at that point.
Exactly.
Now you're up to it.
Now I'm up, caught up.
Okay.
Now you've got it, though.
Now I'm caught up.
Okay.
I got it.
And so now we're ready to continue with the next module of this historic prepared broadcast
from the Brushwood stage at X Day 2010, a.k.a. X Day 13, here on a beautiful summer day
near historic Sherman, New York.
Now, what kind of sporting events are we going to have later today, Dr. Al?
Oh, great sport.
Great sport.
We are going to chase the bewildered, bloody, and weeping through the trees while tormenting
them, and this will only be the start of a long day of planned sport activities containing
exercise, God's gift to the human frame.
Yes, exercise.
Of course.
That's what made this country great.
And the pain.
Hard physical exercise.
And the madness.
And the hard physical pain, right?
The hard physical pain.







The horror pain.
Yes, the horror.
You know, I am completely impervious to physical pain, other people's pain.
It takes a long time to develop this faculty.
But we're not here to boast and brag, but rather to be inclusive and welcome all into
our world of Bob.
I think Princess...
Because there's still time.
She's got that guilty look on her face.
Come a little closer to Bob.
You may think Bob is ubiquitous.
And everywhere you may see Bob's glowing dots when you close your eyes.
When you hallucinate from fatigue, you may see orbiting, flaming Bob's.
And this is all very praiseworthy, but that doesn't mean you can't get slightly closer
to that grinning face which appears more and more to overlie everything of substance.
He's hypnotized with his rhetoric.
And the closer you get, the more you can be shielded.
And the closer you get, the more you can be shielded.
From what otherwise would be a terrible thing.
We rarely have more than three people talking at once.
What's this whole five people talking at once thing?
There ain't no five people.
I don't know what he's talking about.
There's no five people here.
We really get into the three people talking at once.
Three people talking, five guests.
Generally, we're talking about different things so you can get three times the content that way.
Or you must talk.
Talk as if you were three people talking.
You know, if they're not there, you gotta take up the slack.
That means you have to have three or four microphones.
Well, you may remember those movies where after returning from a historic trip to another planet,
the hero is faced with a bank of microphones from all the different news agencies.
And that's what we've got here.
The world aches to hear what we are going to tell them on this occasion.
Look at us here.
We do.
We've got four microphones between us.
That's right.
Like the United Nations with their banks of interpreters.
Testing.
Or an air traffic controller's tower where one addresses many planes at once.
This one has a higher frequency response.
And perhaps one goes to a secret aditum where those who are not allowed to crawl forth from their entombment nonetheless listen with some vestige of satisfaction.
The trapped anchorite in its cell listens.
Salivating with avidity.
Who's this, Dr. Howell?
Generally, people who write emails to me.
Now, look, who am I imitating?
I know what you're imitating.
And that's why we've had these installed, these new spit guards.
Yeah, Dr. Drummond's ranking on me.
He's sat by me many times when, exhausted by too much Pedro, I've simply fallen asleep and eclipsed myオuclid.








I had my whole head supported by my bent nose on the microphone.
Usually it wakes you up.
Sometimes it doesn't.
So what?
I've put in my hours for Bob.
The microphone serves as the mooring post.
Like a Zeppelin mooring mast.
A Zeppelin-like nose that moors itself.
Have I ever fallen sideways out of my chair with a crash?
I do that at home, but I've never done it at the radio station.
It's not so bad.
It's not bad?
No, it's not bad.
Dr. Philodrummond and I go through hell to get our program on the air.
We labor until we sweat blood.
And bullets.
Exactly.
Exactly.
And it's 3 o'clock in the morning.
We deal with horrifying subjects.
The horrible time is the most egregious part of it.
And each particular hair to stand on end.
Like quills upon the fretful porpentine.
It's the toughest job I ever had.
It's hard.
It's worse than digging post holes in the hot sun.
It's hard to have a job.
Dig ditching.
No, of course not.
I was at work to this research laboratory.
Some call it research.
And somebody had to, like ever so often, had to go in.
They had a guy whose job was, you know, it's a research lab.
And sometimes you have to masturbate the monkeys, you know.
Somebody's got to do it.
You can use an oversized Q-tip.
You never see that one on Dirty Jobs.
The monkey master, the lab monkey master.
No, they're not proud of having that job.
They actually have to have a guy who's, you know, had at least a six-year education do that.
I will say this.
I'm free from many prejudices.
Post high school prejudices.
If not most prejudices.
But anything having to do with monkeys is degrading for who participates.
But we can learn so much about ourselves, Dr. Howell.
Some knowledge.
Some knowledge is not worth it.
And it's I who say this.
Remember, we're not monkeys, however idiots may say it.
Nor did we evolve from monkeys.
Yes, we're primates.
But they are not us.
We are apes.
Apes are noble.
Monkeys are the worst scum that ever chattered and flung their stinking feces from trees.
That's true.
Apes are individuals.
Monkeys are herd followers.
There's a lot of argument.
A lot of argument that can be settled with.
With proper poo flinging.
That is, you know, it can be settled temporarily.
But monkeys also, and this has often been said.
I don't mean to be sitting that close to you.
Monkeys forget the next minute.
So they can't.
They are incapable of being taught.
No, humans are not monkey.
Neither was King Kong a monkey.
No one should ever refer to King Kong as a monkey.
Humans and King Kong are apes.
The noble apes.
And this.
This is something which we should really not be evilly traduced into forgetting or being confused.
Monkeys have tails.
They are unclean, filthy.
All right.
I'll get off.
Let's take a second.
Say Cheetah.
There's like 50% of our audience left.
We have.
It's time for a break anyway.
All right.
I'll just say this.
By the length of a CD recording.
Cheetah could smoke and drink.
Cheetah could hold his liquor.
And Cheetah lived to be an extremely advanced age.
Cheetah was still alive at the last time we met.
I'm just telling you.
Cheetah just died this year.
Cheetah lived a long time.
And he was an ape.
He would have kept living unless.
But Bridget Bardot made him quit having to smoke cigars and drink alcohol.
But he enjoyed.
If you've ever seen an ape smoking a cigar.
Can you imagine that?
He enjoyed.
Bridget Bardot doesn't have anything better to do but make Cheetah give up alcohol and cigars.
And what happens?
He dies the following year.
She's misguided.
She thinks she's doing a big.
That's tragic.
Ungal.
Favor.
Now she's so happy.
For animals.
She made him quit smoking.
Tarzan.
Yes.
Tarzan's pal Cheetah.
We're not recording anymore.
That's all right.
This is not actionable.
We'll never be sued.
It's X Day.
Okay.
Dr. Howell and Dr. Philodruman can be heard on the Puzzling Evidence Show every Friday
morning on kpfa.org or quiveringbrain.com or ask Dr. Howell.

You can find us on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram at kpfa.com.
Thank you.

Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.



