Are we ready to go?
Is this the sound system?
It's a good stiff microphone.
This pulpit, however, is falling apart.
That's alright. Heal it with a touch.
Six. Five. Four. Three.
Two. One. Ignition.
The subgenius hour of sweat.
Back to the temple.
Back to the cave.
Back.
Back to the desert.
Back to the body.
Back to the jungle.
Back to the body.
Back to the body.
The body is magic. The body is magic.
There's magic in the body. There's magic in the dead body.
There's magic in CHF fluid. There's magic in New Orl bOdy.
There's magic on the floor. There's magic slaughtered in the rain.
There's magic slaughtered in the rain. There's magic in the rain.
zijn
Ver번

Please sit tight, all of you.
You may go apart.
From here on in, all reading apparatuses will be set at level three.
At level three, please set reading apparatuses at level three.
From here on in until the finish of your excursion via platyto and the planetary windmill.
Strap in, kids.
All of your earthly desires will be met via virtual reality in the console above your head.
Please access by pressing the button below your feet.
Plug in, kids.
The helmet will come down and cover your head.
And then we can go in there.
Then we can go away in this.
And then you go to sleep.
That's exactly right.
You better fall asleep.
Wait.
We'll make you fall asleep.
Well, there.
We had to.
Of course, this was kind of a.
It's a shame that we had to be here.
But I'm glad that I had so many excuses to.
And just to get the assigned subject matter over with for the teacher.
The subject matter was, I think I told them I would do something called the mask comes with the pipe.
Well, since.
Yeah, well, not quite.
I have a demonstration.
The mask literally really does come with the pot.
We sell Bob masks for $50 and they come with a sacred Bob pipe.
However, the other way you can take that the mask comes with the pipe.
Well, how exactly would the mask would it be able to come without the pipe?
There's an orifice.
There's the pipe.
How does the.
Mask come with the pipe?
Or is that an unfair way to describe a crappy mask of J.R.
Bob?
Dog?
Aren't there some masks that don't want a pipe that can only come with another mask, another Bob mask and some pipes that just aren't interested in being poked into some gross rubber hole?
Who just want another pipe?
And some just want to be a whole box full of masks and pipes all thrown together.
Yeah.

That's fine.
Who cares?
They can't take a job.
Shame.
I'm sorry.
The lights are so bright.
I can't hear the heckler.
Pardon me if I ignore you completely.
The two sides look like they were about to get into it a little bit.
They've been ignoring each other mainly most of the evening.
But a fellow who's up here from Texas waited into the crowd and they moved in and broke it up.
Space.
Space.
Space.
A fellow who's up here from Texas.
Many.
And we'll show him how to do capital punishment.
These Yankees are such amateurs.
They only had about four or five ways to take him out.
We've got all the different.
God bless the free ministry.
And our ministry.
Will you wander through the wilderness?
Our ministry has every kind of extreme prejudice.
I don't know many people that are that serious.
We lose brothers and sisters every day.
We lose them every day.
We will know them one day.
We'll see them again.
We put them in the mulch pit and grow plants out of them.
And you see them again.
You don't even see them.
Persecution is the lot of the believer.
If you're not being persecuted, you have to wonder why.
Then you ain't no kind of believer.
I can't get rocket motors in my neighborhood.
I have to drive miles to get rocket motors.
Radio just went off the air.
That means the war is over and the earth is finished.
I just like to tell you that you've you know, you helped.
You know, you flip my world over.
You try to turn it upside down.
I don't know why I don't like to get off.
First.
First.
We must get off.
First.
We must get off.
First.

First.
First.

Get in front of your speaker.
Kneel down in front of your radio.
And we will move on to Mars.
We must get off.
First.
We must get off.
We will destroy it.
We will destroy all who stand in our way.
All who stand in the way of Bob.
We must get off.
First.
First.
First.
Now who's going to talk for you on Earth?
Who's going to get a witness?
Earth.
Who's going to put out the fire?
Blow it off.
Blow it up.
Just go and blow it.
Friends, send that $30 in.
Who's going to talk for you?
We must get off.
Who's going to talk for us?
Spread.
We know who speaks for the nation.
But who speaks for Earth?
Who speaks for Earth?
Cold billions of steel.
Hundreds of tons.
Red-white for the final rise.
The exits are coming.
No luxury.
No comfort.
No delight.
Suffering at every corner.
As prophesied by Nostradamus.
And J.R. Bogdan.
Well, that's what he meant anyway.
First.
Earth.
First.
Earth.
First.
Earth.




Earth.
We must get off.
We must get off.
First.
Earth.
Earth.
Earth.
First.
Earth.
Earth Farm 1.
Earth, First.
Earth.
Earth Farm 1.
Earth, First.
This was only the first of the Earth Farms.
We have destroyed the land of Avian Haiti.
First Earth Farm 1.
We will enslave it.
Everything.
We will enslave the planet Earth.
We will enslave the planet Earth.
We will enslave the planet Earth.
Thank you for your charism.
We will take you away from now on earth.

Earth Farm 1,起.

The sun.
The tiny artichokes.
The sun should be a second.
This is the way it's been done for billions of years.
We would turn it on and off.
This is the way it's been done for billions of years.
This is the way it's been done for billions of years.
Every centenius would be able to turn off a star simply by praying for five seconds.
And that, very simply put, dear friends, is the way it's been done for billions and billions of years.
And that's the way we did it for eight and a half hours, I guess.
I did it, man.
I managed to deliver my new science versus religion rant to a convention full of pagans, dear friends.
New agers and other assorted religious nuts at the Winter Star Festival up in Ohio.
But I dressed that secular hero.
Humanist Dobbsian rant up in so many little gags and plays on words that I had those folks completely charmed.
Just like a snake in the hen house.
Ah, yes.
The harvest.
And only later was it that it sunk in of what I'd actually been saying to them.
And even then, some of them got it wrong.
This one old gal came up to me at a party afterwards.
She's a nice looking old gal.
And she goes, you're a patriarchal Bob religion.
And she said, you're a patriarchal Bob religion.
And she said, you're a patriarchal Bob religion.
And I was so happy to launch into the tirade about, well, I guess you haven't heard.
Madam, sir, ma'am, Connie Dobbs and her dag-blasted Connie types have been running this stupid mail-order cult since 1982.
And that's still not enough for you?
That seemed to kind of throw her off.
She didn't want to admit it.
No, she actually hadn't heard that, dear friends.
But it was a great winter star.
The two main superstars that were going to be at this weird convention, Sir Robert Anton Wilson and Magnus the Magician, both fellows of Genoi, had to cancel.
Which allowed me and Einstein's Secret Orchestra, heard in the background here, to get a whole lot more attention.
And I got to preach my sermon while Cantor Chaz played.
With his huge organ.
You know how those Smith boys are.
And that was just our excuse for having the psychedelic space jam in Cabin 15 heard currently in the background.
You know, actually, it wasn't just Einstein's Secret Orchestra or ESO.
It was ESO plus ACE, or the Association of Cosmic Encounters.
Mainly, Ron Slater.
And I was looking for a band that would play on many synthesizers.
Plus Jeff Rosenbaum on guitar, Victoria Ganger on congas, and Joe Rothenberg on theorem.
And ESO ACE, one might say.
I was looking for an anagram of what that band would be called.
And came up with O.C.S.
O.C.S.
This endless combination of two bands of outlaws representing the cutting edge in pagan swamp trance.
Which?
Which?
Disco.
That's what I did my last Friday and Saturday night.
And we also recorded hours of live radio show and a bunch of basement studio tape.
Most of which sounds like a bunch of four-year-olds blabbering away to each other in a sandbox.
Just as if they were paying any attention at all to each other.
And that's what we're stuck with for this show.
And I don't know what else.
But let's just go on.
On, on, on, deeper, deeper in.
Look to the phone.
Day four.
See the morning dancer crossing the sky.
3-5-1-5 anywhere on the planet Earth.
I see we have an unprecedented 11 listeners today.
How many we actually do have today?
Unprecedented 11 million listeners.
Unprecedented 11 million.
Unprecedented 11 million.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm sure we have a lot of people here.
And let me tell you, we've got a lot of people here.
A lot of people.




Not all the time.
But during perihelion.
Venus has the prettiest perihelion of any orbit I've ever seen.
That's not to say much.
I don't want to say anything about Uranus.
Don't.
There's the bell.
You know, you cannot.
You cannot even talk about the solar system without mentioning that.
It just ain't done.
The bell is tolling.
This time they do toll for ye.
Yea.
They toll.
Thou.
They toll and they toll.
They all end up on their heads eventually, every one.
But they all meet on the other side if Bob or someone remembers to flip the tape.
Where are you, Dave?
He's lonesome tonight.
What?

Lonesome Cowboy Dave must be driving MY car.
Any of my fleet of cars.
All of the church car—
Friends?
The church...
The church delivery van!
It was in the shop.
It was broken down.
The starter chain's bad.
The timing chain is bad.
The timing chain.
The timing chain's gone.
Time control issue.
I think if we could...
We all got everybody who's listening, everyone who's listening right now, to pray for your timing chain.
No, pray for Dave's alternator.
That's much more immediate.
Pray for Dave's alternator.
Dave's alternator.
There's ten people on.
That's pretty good.
The alternate Dave.
That's ten people listening by the internet and overseas.
Yes.
The bell is tolling for Dave's alternator.
Dave is the most alternated of all escaped mental patients.
Country western singer.
Trance spouter.
He's the alternated cowboy.
Holy man.
He's the alternate holy man.
It shall be, in the end, the showdown in the middle of Main Street.
Bob and Dave and Bill Gates over in the back waiting to shoot the winner in the back.
Bob and Dave square off, ready to slap leather and go for it.
An old lady sneezes over in the crowd.
Actually, that was July 5th, 1998.
The subgenius emotions were the equivalent old lady sneezing in the crowd.
And at that moment, Bob, they both slapped leather.
And Dave killed Bob.
Slap him.
Bob fell over dead as a man.
Slap him.
On Main Street.
And Dave was so horrified at what he did.
Plus, the old lady in the audience got shot by Bob.
Dave.
If Dave was at home, he'd be called by now.
That means he's on the road again.
Dave was so shocked and horrified with what he did.
With remorse to have killed his personal savior, the living avatar of Slack, the center of the luck plane of the universe.
Dave just turned that gun around and blew his own brains out.
But he was in hell.
And it didn't work.
It just started up again.
Unlike his car in this particular hell.
Our slimy protozoan father.
In moist sailor heaven.
Hallowed be thy tissue of name.
In shallow, brothy, tropical pools.
Beyond life.
Beyond life.
Anybody can come any way, any how, and we accept them.
Cold, persistent fingers swarmed over my body.
Tugging at me.
Sucking me away from the machine.
And then.
His hands were so white.
The body was so white.
It looked like somebody shot the baby Jesus and laid him there by the garbage cans.
And what would the baby Jesus be doing in the corner of 14th and 9th?
In the middle of a plutonium storm.
In the middle of a plutonium storm.
Well, he sure wasn't looking for his baby.
Yeah.
From the looks of his pocket,
he sure wasn't looking for a place to buy a beer.
Man, the cat was empty.
See what I'm saying?
Like, uh, he was an empty vessel, man.
That's all I could say about him.
Nobody knew where he came from and what he was trying to do, you know?
And then when he slipped off that one night, everybody knew he was going over the edge.
Somebody saw him walking towards the river, man.
Going right over FDR Drive, man, all the traffic coming at him.
It's just like staring straight at the river, man.
He's crazy.
You know, but everybody knew that it was...
It was, you know, because he was different.
His body was different, you know?
His body was different.
His body.
There's something wrong with it, man.
There's something different, isn't there?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.

Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.



All right.
Oh, yeah.
All right.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.


See?
Here you are following the G-Dancy.
It's up to about 4 Gs.
But you are psyched up, handmade.
Even letting God to move switches.
No problem.
Here you are coming up on Stanford.






Here you are coming up on Einstein's Secret Orchestra in the Cabin 15 Space Jam at Winterstar.
I guess with Ron Slade, I guess he would call this a live recording.
If only you could see the girls that were dancing.
And the things that were dancing too.
And all the boys filming everything.
That was Shut Down by the White House.
In the future, every character will be Bob Dobbs.
And there won't be that much variation though.
It will just be a planet of all white male Caucasian salesmen selling crap to each other.
Buying crap and shoving the pipe into the mast one way or another.
Praise Bob, who cares?
He's so proud of us.
But if Bob says it, he sold it, we smoked it, that settles it.
So, the other thing that we had to talk about, and this gets a little scarier folks, is the Y2K bug.
Or the so-called Millennium Bug.
Oh, and it said that that would lead into an examination of rival end of the world religions
and their various excuses.
Well, I really don't care about that.
There's a joke though, there's a joke that's been going around about how,
oh, you know, the dark ages were caused by the Y1K bug.
That's a pretty funny joke the first time I heard it.
But you know, if you look at the history of it, friends, it wasn't the Y1K bug that started the dark ages.
It was really the Y0K bug.
And that's a real mean thing to say, actually.
That's a kind of a gross, because the Y0K bug itself is just a bug.
It didn't mean to start the horrible chain reaction that it did, I'm sure.
And, you know, but really, a thousand years before the Y1K bug, the Y0K bug was born.
And this religion, the Church of the Subgenius, officially, we have nothing against insects.
Okay?
In fact, we don't dislike bugs.
In fact, some of us are what you would call insect sexuals.
We're into bug porn.
And check our website out if you don't believe me.
And, you know, to us, we're not worried about the Y2K bug.
That's just more bug pornography, guys.
More bug porn, no problem.
The Y0K bug, that's more like the kinky, old-timey bug porn.
You know, that's got its own attraction.
But we don't care!
To the true subgenius believer, the Y2K bug is the last thing we're worried about because we're going to be out of here.
July 5th, 1999, I'm sure that's what Bob really meant.
And Nostradamus agreed with him.
If you read Nostradamus, same exact date, that's about 100 days from now.
And so we don't care.
We're going to be out of here before any of those Y0Ks come.
Because we're K-ride up.
We're slide home free, baby!
We're slide home!
There you are, in the same room, the same dingy style.
The same cell block, the same ward, the same...
The same inscrutable eye, panning down on you day and night, as you stare at the floor and count the clock.
No, friends.
The world is coming to an end, but it never comes to an end.
It goes on and on and on.
And friends, that is hell.
There is no salvation in a world without end.
Everything must stop and at least take a breath.
At least look around and smell the flowers.
Yeah, when the world comes to an end, I expect I'll be right there with you.
At your side.
Handing out little glasses of Kool-Aid and hanging up your burnt clothes with my...
With my Styrofoam cup.
Standing by that tricycle over there with a fireman's suit and a hat.
Ha ha ha ha ha!
No chance!
No chance in hell!
No chance in hell!
No chance in hell!
I've made my plan.
I've made my plan.
You're all gonna die for love.
But you're still gonna die.
And I'll be gone.
And I'll be gone.
And I'll be gone.
And I'll be gone.
And I'll be gone.


You have no idea what love is,
You're leaving aboard...
Because you'll be from What's people are?
You'll just be...
And I know you
You did it sweetly
You're my girl
You're my sweet little ring
You got me teething
And I know I love you
You did it sweetly
You're my sweet little ring
And I know I love you
You did it
You did it
You did it
You did it
You did it
You do it
You do it
You'll never know when you've got a heart that's not stopping
You'll never know when you're in love with me
You touch the tree with your coat full of vinegar
You do the sweet and you're my girl
Get it on, get it on, get it on
Get it on, get it on
Get it on, get it on, get it on
You got your boots and your shoes and your stockings
You're waiting while you're here
You feel like you've got to get down and start again
You feel like you've got to get down and start again
Dirty sweet flat and flat
Don't look back and I love you
You're dirty sweet oh yeah
Dancing you want so let's dance
Ain't no chance of understanding
You're dirty sweet
You're mine
You're mine
You're mine again
You're mine again
You're mine again
One love
Earth
We must get off
We must get off
Get off the roads
Man it off
Man it off
Man it off







That's a hot one.
Choose a new name or two.
For your sweat name, try one with the letters of the first and last name of the same.
Like, Toward Tammy, Carla Come Ons, or Precious Peaches.
Or, choose a name that refers to your favorite body part, like,
Lotta Top, or Betty Bottoms, or Lotta Legs.
Or, have a silly little name like, Cha-Cha, Fifi, Hard Cora,
or the Reverend Susie the Floozy.
Now, for your goddess name, I want you to choose something that sounds more ancient and classical,
like, Anya, Baba Yaga, Ishtar, Zora, or Rainbow Buffalo Corn Woman.
You can change your consciousness by changing your clothes.
It must be hard changing clothes in one of those foreign car trunks.
Practice the body exercises before going on the mind trips.
Now, join us as we demonstrate some very pleasurable exercises
designed to increase your sexual energy.
It's best to do them just before making love.
I don't know where this 40-foot stripper came from, Johnson,
but you've got to jab her with that sedative before she bumps and grinds this town into oblivion.
Holy cow, Chief!
Holy cow!

How come I always get these assignments?
Boys, boys, can't you see?
That horrible mutant was sent here to punish us for our sinful ways.
It's the Lord's will.
I'll save your sermon for the pulpit, Padre.
Now, open up your pelvis with the peek-a-boo pump.
That's right.
Pump that lump.
And pump that lump.
Pump that lump up and down.
Come on.
Breathe it up.
Bring it on down.
Come on.
Don't stop.
You can do it.
Another exploding collar.
What collar?
It's been exploding all night.
Well, that's all a rocket motor is, is a channeled explosion.
Hey.
That's all a sneeze is, or a number of other expulsions of human eclupia.
A controlled channel explosion.
And if you do it hard enough...
You could, well, maybe not reach orbit philosophy, but at least get pretty high.
Well, that's how so many people have spontaneous combustion and so forth.
It's because the level, when it starts to oxidize in their bodies and stuff,
and they can't get it out quick enough, the membranes, the actual mucal membranes,
will somehow get involved in the foray and contribute in their own small way to having the whole person blow up.
The mucal membranes?
I guess they become under, I guess it's over 500.
500F or 1200C, they become the most flammable objects on your body.
The mucous membranes?
Yeah.
Well, that's why I shoot those hoses, those fire hoses at my nose every night.
To clear that stuff out, because otherwise I don't want it to get too hot and catch on fire.
Like what happened to my car, Dave.
You have a car?
I had a car.
We have a pineapple on you, Dave.
I have a car in the shop.
Only it's not even in the shop because...
Because I can't give the shop what they need.
Yes.
They need your permission, Dave.
They need you, Dave.
They need you, the alternated man.
The man from the alternator, to go into my timing chain
and apply the time control that only you, Dave, as leader of the free world, can do.
Only you, Dave.
As an alternator, see, I can only go in two different directions at one time
because I'm both achromatic and bicep.
I'm biceaxophonist.
Well, you don't do it.
You do the other time the next time.
You go back once and forward once.
You don't have to do both.
It's the achromatic.
Right.
You would be the pipe cleaner of the timing chain.
Exactly.
Well, see, I get temporal distension when I go through them little holes.
I get my pubic area gets so distended that I lose all concepts of human earth time
and I just get as flaky as hell.
I don't know how you guys...
Have you been pulling apart your DNA strands again, Dave?
Yeah, I've been pulling.
He does that.
That's what he does when he's bored.
Some people chew their fingernails.
Dave untwists his DNA strands.
I've got what I call a stripper.
That's a really odd hobby.
Unfurling DNA chains.
Well, it's not really a hobby.
I do expect to win a Nobel Prize for doing it.
It's more like an obsessive compulsive disorder.
I'll say.
A personality disorder.
That's really, really deep.
It's like constantly touching your beard.
I'm missing you here in the spaceship tonight, Dave.
Where are you guys headed?
Oh, we're never headed anywhere in particular.
We were gonna go check out...
We were just waiting for you.
That's the only reason we ever do this.
The plan...
I think the plan is gonna be to hook a...
You know, put a skyhook into Halley's Comet next time around.
Take it for a ride, but...
We got a lot of testing to do.
We can't get that far out.
We can't even get into orbit yet.
So we were hoping you would be there.
It's all daevalous here.
Yeah, I don't know.
A skyhook.
That don't sound too plausible.
Because, you know, those things going by with a lot of mass and velocity and all them
things floating by look like little kernels of corn ahead of the net.
It would be dangerous for sure, but we figured that's...
That's why we can't do it.
That's why you have to do it.
There's a big net.
And we have this...
You know, we got something better than that lawn chair with the dog leashes on it.
We're gonna use a big trash can with the dog...
And it has a lid and everything.
And you'll be able to have a little tiny radio transmitter in there and a TV camera.
Well, do I still get to wear the dog suit, though?
Well, if you...
You can wear...
Yeah, that's your...
Whatever space suit you want to wear.
But it needs to be as long as it's airtight.
I heard they have the big moon pants.
Huh?
I would assume you'd want to wear your...
You have to have the moon pants.
Moon pants.
Did you see that really cool monkeys in moon pants logo they got?
Thou shalt not shat thy moon pants.
That is...
That should be the first commandment, Stang.
I'm telling you.
Moon pants with bubble wrap underwear.
Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's rocket ship.
Or thy neighbor's moon pants.
Because his...
His...

You know, as incontinence spreads throughout the land, as they said in that one survey,
as the vapid bourgeois empty state of whatever it was...
Moon pants.
Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy rocket ship.
Thou shalt not breach the vacuum seal of thy moon underpants.
Thou shalt not be a fool.
Thou shalt not be a fool.
Moon pants.
Moon pants.
Moon pants.
Moon pants.
My dear father, 67 years old, they have called you a pure saint.
You would have been proud if they had stayed.
You wouldn't have had all this pain.
Part fully?

Power?
valeo.
Yeah, come on.
Inhale as you bring your bunnies down.
Exhale as you bring them up.
It's a very powerful tool. Try it.
One came for 15 minutes and stayed for 39 months.
That's love.
She was the town's bad girl when she came.
An alcoholic and a thief at 14.
You ought to see her now.
She's got a light around her.
That's a pretty good one.
And then the other thing I was supposed to cover
was the mask routine again.
In particular, I was thinking, well, I could talk about the way
that most of us have to disguise ourselves
just in order to work with others
in, quote, normal society.
But on the other hand, you've already been through that.
You all have to do it yourselves.
You know exactly what I'm talking about.
What's a little more interesting to me,
than having to act like another dumb shit on the job
so they'll treat you like an equal,
is the masks that people use on the internet.
Now, not everybody is necessarily doing that,
but I don't know if you...
The false fronts that people find themselves naturally...
Since nobody knows you didn't shave,
and they don't know how old or young
or how many sexes you might be,
or any of that stuff, really,
you can impart your very inner self,
and they can see the real you,
which isn't some jobless loser
still living in his mom's house
and hasn't had a date in 20 years.
No, you're that hero of that sci-fi novel
that you were reading.
And not only that,
you can be several of those false fronts.
Now, recently,
and I've actually had quite a bit of experience with that
because I've been dealing with weirdos
that use funny names and fake...
identities,
some of them several levels deep,
as in the old gag of
they'll never find me with two masks on.
You know?
Especially if one mask looks just like the other mask.
That really throws them.
And if the bio-L3 masks look just like you.
And when they're not at the door,

On either side of the 대해서 that he had a point to make,
he wasn't as clever to try toening out his condition
as he was.
No, I'm going to be on a flight essen to sit down
with my chyba-I.
Because that structure yes it can't work.
Just get in a Patrol plane.
Take off my stunt boots,
and I'll take the kids out there,
my old school shoes,


Balloon day.
You're popping your skin.
That's what I heard, man.
I mean, it's a...
It sucks.
It really sucks out there.
It literally sucks.
But don't you love it in the movies when they show the guy and the airlock goes
and then he, like, starts imploding or whatever it is, you know,
and his eyes get real weird and stuff?
That gets kind of ugly, doesn't it?
Oh, some of them do that for fun.
They stand inside the airlock and they let just a little, you know,
little by little they crank the vacuum down until their eyes are bugged up
like Arnold Schwarzenegger's.
And then they, you know, fill it back up with air real fast, just the last minute.
It gives you the bends, the micro-bends, which is like the little death, they call it.
It's a...
You know, drugs don't work for these kids, these astronauts anymore.
No, they don't need drugs.
They've got their own little necro-supply right in their own bodies.
All they've got to do is fool around with the wrong stuff.
Oh, just a lackluster...
A lack of gravity would be, like, a terrible trip to me.
I hate it when that happens.
I hate zero-g myself.
I mean, it's supposed to be real fun, but I want to puke the whole time.
That's why I'm staying here and letting you have the trash can, man.
You get to be the first subgenius into space.
Well, I don't mind being the first.
If you get your car started.
Come on, you little bit traveler.
Sit down.
Center.
Go back down.
The ladder of genetic memory.
Come on, you divinity.
I guess the other secret is, don't take yourselves too seriously.
When you start...
When you start to turn into all those new...
When you start to release your inner child,
you better not take that too seriously,
because pretty soon the inner Charlie Manson's going to want it.
Oh, you can take your inner Charlie Manson just as seriously as your inner child.
You know what I'm saying?
So, but really, that $30 to Bob Dobbs,
sure, it may just buy you a few hundred pages of the funniest reading material
and most valuable contacts of friends.
You know what I'm saying?


For people you never believed could even exist.
But the main thing is, you'd spend that much on a rock concert nowadays, friends.
And when you spend it on Bob,
it proves that your own life, free of the conspiracy,
is worth at least $30.
That's what you're really saying, is that you're worth $30.
And you will be spending that much on some prancing rock star instead,
and that's why we're going to raise our prices soon.
But friends,
that's all water under the bridge.
It's beside the point.
Who cares?
Because, sure, it's true.
Bob Dobbs prophesied that July 5th, 1998,
the exes would come, the subgenius believers,
that spent their $30 would be ruptured up
into the escape vessels of the sex goddesses of most dose.
Oh, no, I mean planet X.
And, well, it's true that it didn't exist.
It didn't exactly happen on schedule.
And, well, like I say, we're sure, we know that he really meant 1999, July 5th, 1999,
Dos Equis, friends, XX Day,
or as we call it, Next Day.
The exes are, friends, ladies and gentlemen,
as we say, spread wide for the final ride.
Because the exes are coming.
And that means you will be,
you will be going to Earth.
If there's one thing that we can,
that the Church of the Subgenius has to say to everyone now is this,
Earth, we must get off.
We, you know, we can blow it up or we can blow it off.
But just don't blow it, friends.
Send that $30 in before the, before you Heaven's Gate yourself.
You know, it could have been,
I just can't stand it.
I mean, I've had friends that were disappointed that the saucer,
that they didn't get to destroy the Earth and ride the saucers for $30.
Maybe they should be glad that Heaven's Gate didn't get to them first.
They'd be missing a lot more than their $30.
Ugh.
But friends, you know, just the one important lesson.
It's probably true that the first X Day was an important lesson
that some subgenius believers needed to be taught.
But it also taught us an even more important lesson.
We can't depend on aliens or gods or even Bob Dobbs to save us.
And yet we must get off.
So that leaves only one conclusion.
Build your own ship.
Now you may not have to, but you should just cover your ass.
And if you're not going to do it,
if you're not good at building solid fuel launch rockets
that can in fact be rather dangerous,
then steal your own ship.
On the way to Brushwood this summer,
depending on where you're coming from,
stop by Cape Canaveral.
Stop by Area 51 out there in Nevada.
Stop by Hangar 18 in Ohio.
You know, steal your own ship.
Stop by NASA.
Get the guidance systems.
God knows we need those.
We need to find one time, one time in the whole world
to be alive and to die.
What would that one time be?
Would it be at the end of the 20th century?
Or would it be the beginning of the 14th century?
Or when, when, when would you like to live and leave this planet?
Everybody, everybody's got a chance to go.
But only one I know.
Yeah, the one with the big cat-like eyes.
And me.
We're going to.
No, to.
We're going to.
Another reality.
And.
See around the fire.
The fires that will burn the whole solar system.
Yes dear friends, well everything has been Einstein's Secret Orchestra tonight.
Pretty much really.
Almost all from the Winter Star Weekend sponsored by ACE of Cleveland.
That's actually ACE, the Association of Consciousness Exploration,
which you can reach on the internet via www.roge.com.
Rosencomet.com.
R-O-S-E-N comet.
Dot com.
Einstein's Secret Orchestra can always be accessed at post office box.
I got that pencil ready.
81555.
That's box 81555.
Cleveland, Ohio.
4418.
181.
A special thanks to WCSB in Cleveland for broadcasting so many.
And to ACE for.
And Susie the floozy collaged some of the material heard in the middle of the show with especially the Annie Sprinkle.
God.
Crackpot lady stuff.
In the background right here.
Now Einstein's Secret Orchestra.
Life at Winter Star.
Recorded by myself with Ron Slabe as guest synthesis and God only knows who else cranking away in there.
Friends, you can always find out more about the Church of the Subgenius by writing to Bob at P.O. Box 118.
1403.
06.
That's P.O. Box 1403.
06.
Dallas, Texas.
75214.
At subgenius.com.
Lane.
Down by the South 40.
Over by Miracle Mile.
Over to the pit.
And praise the Lord.
Are you talking bad on my festerings, buddy?
Hey, where I come from, these festerings are a badge of honor.
I'm a fester.
It's a sign of a man.
A man who's festered for his country.
Many folks praise their festerings.
I'm going to be a delightful fester of festerings.
I've festered for that B-dotted head for 29-on years.
Meanwhile, Skeech and Scooch have skickers and skickers all over their heads.
Skickers here and skickers there and skickers everywhere.
Where am I speaking to?
Me.
Me.
Where am I speaking to?
Me.
Me.
Me.
Yes, we are.
We really are, Matthew.




你有 GRE liter, LUCAS Leave your hand up there.


The story is coming along.
Can you alive?
She's to you well.
I love her.
She's my best.

How Come She's Dead?
If you read the old page.
The Howard Shaso Boothesz www.dogs film magazine.com.
Embrace this ancient circle coil of mothers and fathers.
Back to the source.
Magical healing support.
Curling back to primeval beginnings.
An open chain of life.
Pee deeply.
Pee deeply into the bag.
Now arrange the following mucal fluids in the following crystallographic order.
Blue, nasal fluids and sinal fluids.
Pee deeply into the bag.
Many things appear while you're peeing deeply and it is nothing to fear.
Nothing at all.
No, no, Princess Wee.
You have to get any closer because your voice doesn't...
Your voice isn't as piercing as Dave's.
About this far away.
Yes.
You get in deep and get in real.
Indian build small fire.
Sit in close.
White man build big fire.
Sit far back.
Indian build high volume microphone.
Get in close.
Whisper.
Indian.
White man.
White man.
Fire.
Your fire kills the Indian man.
Indian man.
Indian man.
Indian man.
Indian man.
Indian man.
Indian man.
Now I know how my dog feels.
Now I know how my dog feels.
He feels with his little doggy hands, like all dogs do.
He walks on little doggie feet and he thinks with his dog mind.
How dare you upset the order?
How dare you upset the major on such a way like this?
His tongue was not a good enough hand.
Thanks.




So I gave it a thumb.
My dog and his opposable thumbed tongue
is one hand and the other dog there, Puddin,
is the other hand.
You know, just one is the left hand.
Fido is the left hand and Puddin is the right hand.
And together they can break into any art museum
and steal the finest, finest paintings,
most valuable industrial secrets.
Why, with these two-handed tongue dogs,
I can rule the very world.
I can rule the very world.
I can rule the very world.
I can rule the very world.
I can rule the very world.
