Okay, I'm gonna get your money for you.
But if you don't get the President of the United States on that phone, you know what's gonna happen to you?
What?
You're gonna have to answer to the...
Subgenius Power of Science.
Bob?
We just turn our hearts to you.
And we say right now...
Subgenius Power of Science
Subgenius Power of Science
Subgenius Power of Science

Subgenius Power of Science
Subgenius Power of Science
Subgenius Power of Science
And prettiness and all
So they stretched and they dressed and they made up
And put mirrors on every wall
Till they all went blind from ice cream
From the thing they wanted most
Now everybody's so isolated
A good-looking bunch of ghosts
And the rainmaker came to town
And the people got what they wanted
The rainmaker came to town
And everybody got what they need
The rain came falling down
Cats and dogs and buckets
And the rainmaker sailed away
On a flood of relief
Hey, hey, hey
Well, the women just wanted their food too
Instant potatoes and rubber meat
The kids just wanted to watch TV
Now the girls can't spell and the boys can't read
The men just wanted a steady job
Now they got to pay the union mob
And everybody wanted to be free
Laws and rules should keep it that way
Hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey
Well, everybody wants to be happy
Everybody wants to be warm
And be loved and liked and wanted
And have some kind of home
But getting it is work
And keeping it is tough
But destroying it's the easy bit
We all got the magic touch
And the rainmaker came to town
And the people got what they wanted
The rainmaker came to town
And everybody got what they need
The rain came falling down
Cats and dogs and buckets
And the rainmaker sailed away
On a flood of relief
A flood of relief
Now sail away on a flood of relief
Sail away, sail away
And the rainmaker came to town
And the rainmaker came to town
And the rainmaker came to town
Webmaster Nigel Perry says the goal is to present a Palestinian perspective he believes is missing in mainstream media coverage.
That's the kind of thing that really disturbs you when you live there and you want to tell people about it
because what you're reading, the other people reading it said,
the country isn't even coming close to uncovering those realities.
Perry's page includes an in-depth look at the casualty figures for both Israelis and Palestinians.
Then there's another category of news sites that take aim at the media establishment,
using satire as their weapon.
From PR news in Washington, I'm struggling to find William Renquist on the island of Sumatra.
The hour of slack from the church of the subgenius regularly plays spoof newscasts,
like this fractured reworking of an NPR broadcast.
Thank you.
An Indonesian jetliner has launched a nationwide fundraising campaign to assist the people affected by PR news in Washington.
Another satirical institution formerly based in Wisconsin lampoons the world's events with its own material.
Al-Qaeda vows to win the war on tourism.
It's the Onion Radio News. This is Doyle Redland reporting.
From PR news in Washington, I'm dangerously polluted.
The EPA has found high levels of toxic poisonous sewage.
Delta Airlines detonated a minivan near a crowd of day laborers, killing about half a million workers in the apparel and hospitality industry.
On Wall Street, 410-52912, President Bush is menacing North Carolina.
Meanwhile, the Senate Homeland Security Committee is considering ways to improve the nation's emergency complaints about the response to PR news in Washington.
That was Lee Murr doing PR news, and before that, NPR doing Lee Murr in a Wisconsin Public Radio report on the hour of slack, of which this is episode number 1019.
Exploring the conspiracy's weaknesses and avoiding our own.
Yes, dear friends.
The song that started this out was The Rain.
The Rainmakers doing the song The Rainmakers, a great song about the roots of the con, which is what we're on about tonight,
as demonstrated in upcoming clips by Reverend Norrell Preff, along with Fernand and Andy, and Joe.
The music in the background is Magi Cyclops.
Praise Bob.
Let me be real honest.
I'm the kind of guy, when I go to a buffet, I hate to admit it.
I'm really being a pig.
Let me be real honest.
Around the buffet table.
I wonder if I'm the only one.
Yesterday, when I saw the buffet table.
Let me be real honest.
My first thought was, I'm the kind of scumbag always complaining.
Let me be real honest.
You know, it took me about a year to start hating talk radio.
Took me about a year.
You know, it's really sad.
I could hate victims.
I'm the only one that feels this way.
We're hearing 9-11 suckers.
Oh, shut up.
I mean, you know.
Let me be real honest.
Worst person in the world.
Dope smoking.
Rush Limbaugh.
I guess the painkillers wipe out your memory along with your ethics.
Rush Limbaugh.
Today's, today's worst person in the world.
Hey Rush.
Hey Rush.
Hey Rush.
Hey Rush.
Exploiting death.
Yeah.
Exploiting death.
And, and, you know, and, and, you know, dribble, dribble, dribble, dribble.
Exploiting death.
Oh, that's, that's.
Oh, that's, that's, that's.
So as well as being a hysterical, paranoid ideologist,
or at least being manipulated by people who are,
turn this into camp fruit bat, camp not bag.
Fruit bat, camp not bag.
A person who was the victim of a personal tragedy
and who had gone over the bend as a result.
There's nothing about it that's real.
There's nothing about it that's real.
Not real.
Not real.
Just real.
It's...it's...
Poopoo this, poopoo, poopoo, poopoo, poopoo,
Y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y,
He was ugly! He was ugly! Ugly! Ugly! Ugly! Ugly!
HA! HA-HA-HA-HA-HA-HA!
Fat-ass drug addict, Rush doesn't know squat,
Fat-ass drug addict, that fat-ass drug addict,
Rush doesn't know squat.
From PR News in Washington, I'm carrying knives, razor blades, and scissors aboard planes,
making final preparations while clearing security checkpoints.
Several proposals are expected to become PR news later today.
Uh, uh, uh, but...
The United Serious Dog Agency tension.
Iraq's president says he is making Sunni Arabs accept PR news in Washington.
...very tension is fun.
Just you wait till our daddy hears about this!
He'll come and he'll blow up the whole castle!
Take them away! To the tower!
Enter the tower!
Nasty! Horribilig!
And very ugly!
Oh, she's going! She's going!
As we know, there are known knowns.
There are things we know we know.
We also know there are known unknowns.
That is to say, we know there are some things we do not know.
But there are also unknown unknowns.
The ones we don't know, we don't know.
And if one looks throughout the history of our country and other free countries,
it is the latter category that tend to be the difficult ones.
...
...
...
...
Every name, every life,
is a loss to our military,
to our nation,
and to the loved ones who grieve.
There's no homecoming for these families.
Yet we pray in God's time,
their reunion will come.
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
You were born under the shadow of the bomb.
You were born under the shadow of the bomb.
You were born under the shadow of the bomb.
You were born under the shadow of the bomb.
Wings of Hell.
Wings of Hell.
You were born under the shadow of the bomb.
Wings of Hell.
Wings of Hell.
You are the first generation in the history of man
born under the shadow of the bomb.
You are the first generation in the history of man
to carry DDT in your face.
born under the shadow of the bomb.
Wings of Hell.
To touch and instill your confidence
sabe what those made for us.
Oh, 달려도는 ꇠ고 공通.
Which means living and knowing everything.

There is no estabanthis kalnya m�으로
That'd be some
Painting doll.
knowledge generates into an instrument of the classroom.
Your body will record in time the full effects
of the environmental destruction on mankind.
The elements of the environment are the



We are turning meadows into parking lots
and woods into houses.
We are building housing projects
at the rate of 3,000 acres a day.
There is only so much land to destroy
just as there is only so much air to pollute.
reasonable
Dial Us did that song by Devo, A Race of Doom.
And before that, before Dial Us, a Rumsfeld and Bush mix by Joe, who also did this.
We're not telling you the truth.
We're not telling you the truth.
We're not telling you the truth.
Jack off.
Jack off.
Disagree, disagree, disagree.
Bottom line, mass confusion.
Mass confusion.
Mass confusion.
We're not telling you the truth.
We're not telling you the truth.
We're not telling you the truth.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Jack off.
Jack off.
Can you agree?
Jack off.
Intelligence. Intelligence. Intelligence.
You mean, what does Jesus think about what's going on right now?
Well, it depends on what kind of Jesus you would like to imagine.
I think if you think of Jesus as a guy who probably had some good ideas,
who died a few thousand years ago, he isn't thinking about anything.
But if, on the other hand, you think of this all-powerful figure
who squats on a cloud above your head and is waiting for you to be dead
so you can come up there and sit next to him,
I think that a guy like that obviously has a very perverse sense of humor
because if he made everything, heaven and hell and all business,
he also made the situation in the Persian Gulf.
He made that guy who works for Claiborne Pell hear the backwards word in Bush's speech.
This guy has got a hell of a sense of humor, but he's dangerous.
Seems like the thing that he gets the most enjoyment out of
is seeing people being mutilated,
which appears to be most of what is going on.
What's going on today in the world?
Most of the world is in danger today.
There's only certain places where people have comfortable lives,
and every place else is nothing but imminent danger
and death and destruction and pestilence and just horrible stuff going on.
Well, who can we blame for that?
Because if you blame the devil, then you have to think that the devil
is more powerful than that guy on the cloud.
If the guy in the cloud is the boss, he's the boss.
He's making it happen.
So what does he think?
I don't know.
If he likes what he has created, as it said at one point,
he's satisfied with what he built, and I'm sure he's...
He's delighted.
He's delighted.
He's probably doing a little breakdancing up there.
Yeah.
And he can do it to tunes written about him, the Medivai who?
Of course.
I just want to know what the hell is going on, Bob.
You don't even know who I am.
Okay.
Okay.
I don't see where I'm going.
Pod's not a nice thing.
And do you think you can idiot me?
Chief?

Do you know how stifling this whole medicalono who's food?
An35 y.
We're conceptualized as a universal society.
Since we started this illegal officers,
we have both sides of the Rhine Ede kommen aus.
He saw what he was doing wrong, though.
So when recently a pienion that Rey radiores back to him,
said,
Now my job is to make sure the other side keeps on fighting.
Whatever side. I mean, whatever side we're officially not on this year.
That's our tax dollars, how they work.
You know, good always triumphs over evil.
Folks, it's time to evolve ideas.
You know, evolution did not end with us growing thumbs. You do know that, right?
Didn't end there.
We're at the point now where we're going to have to evolve ideas.
The reason the world's so fucked up is we're undergoing evolution.
And the reason our institutions, our traditional religions are all crumbling
is because they're no longer relevant.
They're no longer relevant.
So it's time for us to create a new philosophy and perhaps even a new religion, you see.
And that's okay, because that's our right.
Because we are free children of God with minds who can imagine anything.
And that's kind of our role.
How do you evolve ideas? I'll give you an example right here.
Why is the drug czar of this country...
Well, let's go back. Why do we have a drug czar in this country?
A.
B. Why is he a cop?
Why isn't he a guy in recovery who's had an alcohol and or drug addiction and overcome it?
And why doesn't he help people with the same problem?
Why doesn't he help people who are on drugs?
Why doesn't he help people who are on drugs?

In jail, they're sick. They're not criminals.
Sick people don't get healed in jail.
See, it makes no sense.
And if we evolve the idea, you see,
the planet might be more compassionate and something like heaven might dawn.
I want everyone here to take the five dried grams I taped under your all chairs.
right now.
Under your chairs.
Check them out.
Check them out.
Under your chair.
Let's go, man.
The fucking UFOs
are waiting
in the fifth dimension.
Let's go!
Let's go!
Let's go!
Let's go!
Let's go!
Let's go!
Let's go!
Eslactica
by DaBinchi.
A new person.
DaBinchi.
Amazing.
There were sure
a lot of new doctors
popping up
like mushrooms
this month.
lately. Anyway, before that, we heard the late, great Bill Hicks, and before that, a
puzzling evidence cut up. And before that, or sometime around that time, Frank Zappa
on God. But now, another great mix by Steve McQuillan. Remember that Katrina collage that
was so good? Well, this is that same artiste, Steve McQuillan, with You Can't Protest.
I just lost it. What happened? Well, the police have been chasing and shooting at people
for the last two hours, probably. The young folks and the workers were just standing there
looking at them, and they basically, with their shock equipment and shock weapons and
bullets and beanbags, basically attacked the crowd, in my opinion. That's what I saw.
My tenure in the Marine Corps, I'm a platoon sergeant from Desert Storm. That's what
I saw.
My eyewitness. That's what I saw.
Unarmed people, with their hands on their heads, not doing anything. Being water-cannoned,
rubber-bulleted, and, you know, pushed and pushed and pushed with ten deep, black-footed,
thug-like police. That, to me, is terrifying. Terrifying. That is my worst nightmare, really.
Not very. Tied to three.
Yeah!
Probably.
But, where was the peine?
What the fuck was the penitentiary actually?
And we're the two!

I'm on a Brownie.
Wait!

Uh, as I've said, it's on that.

Yeah.

















Goodbye now, everybody!
Goodbye now!



There are thousands of union members, protesters, as the FTA ministerial meeting continues today.
It has been a rough and violent day today.
The police have attacked protesters.
They're using tasers, electric shock devices, against the protesters.
They've been firing concussion grenades and tear gas at people.
They also are carrying guns loaded with rubber bullets.
And tear gas has been fired on a number of occasions.
And in several locations around the city, there are protesters that are pinned in by the police.
Well, he just shot a journalist in front of me.
They're definitely shooting a journalist.
I just got shot.
You're shooting the press!
Where do you want me to go?
Weird, man. You're hurting me.
Help! Help!
I'm going!
I can't believe they shot me.
They stole my 1290 WJN on microphones.
They stole my press pass.
They shot me twice.
They shot me in the hand, and I can't move my hand anymore.
And they shot me.
And they shot me.

And they shot me in the breast.
Oh my gosh.
I don't know where it begins all over again.
And it's on.
It's on.
And if you think you're free, then you better believe that it's on.
And it's on.
We'll forget everything.
Every band's in a strong.
Cause it's on.
And it's on.
And the crap, all the cream, they gotta fuck with me.
Cause it's on.
And it's on.
And we ain't gonna pop out.
Cause fuck you.
Cause it's on.
And it's on.
And you're gonna cut me.
You're not gonna take a kill.
Cause it's on.
And it's on.
Here we go.
Here we go.
North North Planet.
We are the place in the map.
We're gonna sign our riots.
We'll get the bull out my ass.
We're gonna sign our riots.
We are the place in the map.
We're gonna sign our riots.
We're gonna sign our riots.
We're gonna sign our riots.
They had paint bullets.
You name it.
There was no escaping from them.
Why did they do that?
We've got the news reporting that there's anarchists here.
And that's all they're talking about.
They're not talking about us people from North Dakota that are here to be the voice of people in North Dakota.
We represent family farmers, communication workers.
We've got neighbors involved.
We're all about grass roots.
That's all they're talking about.
That there's anarchists here.
We're gonna start a riot
We're starting might
We're gonna start a riot
You got all of that in there
We're gonna start a riot
We're starting might
We're gonna start a riot
You got all of that in there
We're gonna start a riot
Yesterday, everything came together.
Actually, it was a very successful day for the city of Miami and the Miami Police Department.
The police people are firing on people.
There's gas everywhere.
This lady right here has been hit with something.
She's crying.
Nothing happened that we didn't expect.
There's a battalion of stormtrooper guys and then there's the horse guys.
If anything, there were fewer actors than we had anticipated.
And then there's another line of police officers that are charging towards the protesters, really unprovoked.
I mean, not enough to fire a bullet at.
We knew there would be just a small percentage of people.
The percentage of the overall protesters to be anarchists.
Anarchists.
Anarchists.
Anarchists.
They're aiming again at everybody.
The only reason they're stopping is a camera crew just walked right in front of them.
There were fewer anarchists than we had anticipated.
They shot at a lady in a red suit.
She looked like a Republican.
She was just holding a sign and they shot at her.
They shot at her.
A smaller percentage showed up than we expected.
All they were doing is holding their hands up in the air and the police started shooting at them with the rubber bullet guns.
And we very quickly took care of them.
I mean, it was just like naming a booboo and then they got shot.
I don't get what's provoking these people to do this.
Why did they do that?
The reason that the police were so active in confronting the protesters was because there was a huge budget for security and they had to justify it.
Eight million dollars was available for security yesterday.
And why?
To protect 34 trade ministers.
All of that happened to protect 34 businesses.
And the powers that be, meaning Jeb Bush and his administration, used these heavy-handed riot gear tactics in order to send a message to anybody that might consider a protest for his brother if he comes down and campaigns here, that if you do exercise your First Amendment right to assemble peaceably, they will attack you.
So who did kill Bob?
How do you know that?


I don't know if someone killed him.
They only said he was dead.
Well, how did you die, then?
Suicide.
Look, you don't have to be straight with me.
It's okay.
But it doesn't lend itself to intimacy.
Are you looking for some answers?
Well, you've come to the wrong place.
You might be looking for a new place.

I find lines but no valentines written all over my face.
I bear no grudge.
I wear no crown.
I just come with calloused hands.
And I don't mean to bring you down, but there is no romance.
I've spent too much of my life waiting, hoping, dreaming, wishing, believing, and way too little of it living, smashing it up and taking and giving.
I wish someone had warned me while I was still a young man and saved me lots of time and energy.
Mother of a man
don't make me feelzurave.
Come to me.

No lie, my child, you don't feel very much.
Though I do feel hurt.

For the Lawdomme toe, or not the Lawdomo to toe,
And your poems and your diary pages
To kill some time in your old age
Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh
Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh
Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh
There may be gods who hear your prayers
And honest men who, men who care
And young lovers who say they will wait forever
Lives that look like movies and books
But the sooner that you learn this
The sooner you free your hands
To get on with things that
Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh
It really matters
There is no romance
No romance
No romance
No romance
No romance
No romance
No romance
Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh
Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh
Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh
I'm a rocker
I'm a rocker
When Paul Krasner, St. Paul Krasner we call him,
was speaking earlier,
at the end, it was like a question and answer thing,
and somebody said,
well, Mr. Krasner, what are we going to do about this Iraq thing?
I liked his answer because basically what he did was not answer the question.
He put it back on the questioner.
We can't tell you what to do about this Iraq thing because we don't know you.
We don't know what you do best.
Ken Kesey said, put your good where it'll do the best.
Well your good might be serial killing.
I don't know.
You might be a good soldier that should be in Iraq.
I don't know.
And the thing is the conspiracy is bigger than you think.
Unless you're pretty old then you probably got a handle on it.
The reason I say that is because, and I was the same way, you know when you're young you
see that everything's messed up and you want to change it and that's great.
Well the conspiracy already thought of that.
They knew you were going to think that.
They knew exactly which type you were and which type of rebellion you were going to
do and they have a commercial for it.
They have a product for it.
Remember the hippies, remember the punks, we all thought oh man the music's going to
beat the man.
They always think that and it always turns into a beer commercial.
History is doomed to repeat itself.



History is doomed to repeat itself until next day.
Now in the meantime however, what I'm saying is, I'm not saying don't fight the conspiracy
but what I am saying is that you will not defeat it because even if somehow you became
world overlord like Bob already is, overthrew Bob and forced peace on earth, which is kind
of a funny concept to begin with.
You know?
It's still the conspiracy.
It's still the conspiracy.
The conspiracy still lives inside your head.
So I guess the point would be, sure go ahead and fight whatever it is that you consider
to be the machine or the combine or the conspiracy or the establishment or whatever is, or the
damn liberals or pagans or whatever it is that's bothering you.
You can't beat them but you can make yourself stronger.
You can give yourself a chance.
You can give yourself more true slack.
And when that happens oddly enough you have slack to share.
I've been walking in a deep sleep, sleepwalking but I just woke up from a deep sleep, a very
deep sleep.
I've been running under remote control in a deep sleep, a very deep sleep.
I'm a little too much, I'm a little too much.




I woke the moment I was told
That a smile is just a frown
Turned around on the face of a clown
With a mean sleep
It was a deep sleep, a very deep sleep
I can't remember what I used to know
In my deep sleep, a very deep sleep
Somebody help me now, let me go
Into a deep sleep
Now I just woke up from a deep sleep
Somebody push me back, now let me go
Into a dream again
To a sleep I like before
So deep it never ends
I've been caught inside a deep sleep
I've been caught inside a deep sleep

Sinking deeper after I forgot
That a smile is just a frown
Turned around on the face of a clown
With a mean sleep
In my deep sleep, a very deep sleep
Sleepwalking as I watch myself
In a deep sleep, an endless deep sleep
I keep pretending that it's someone else
In a deep sleep
Now I can't get out
Of a deep sleep
I've been a
Deep sleep
But I just woke up
From a deep sleep
Somebody
A lot of you, I'm sure, are into conspiracy theory, or at least are amused by it.
Or maybe you're really seriously into, yeah, Bush caused 9-1-1.
Bush had those planes crash into the building.
Yeah, Kennedy was assassinated by the Republicans, not the mafia.
Uh, yeah.
They were hiding those UFOs.
That's fine.
Friend, it's your conspiracy.
You can make it as big or small as you want.
And that is the truth.
How much control do they really have over you?
You can repent and quit your job and slack off.
You may have to give up a few things like your home.
You know, but the conspiracy is only as big as you let it.
How big is it?
It could be bigger than any of the conspiracy theories.
Friends, for all we know, and in fact I happen to believe this, in 1940s, in the 1940s, World
War II was just a cover for what they were really doing.
That was just a blind so that we wouldn't notice when they switched the planets Earth
and Mars.
Now, is that a coot theory or what?
And yet, if you stop and think about it, even some of the theories that are out there, even
if you don't believe them, you can find proof for it.
Doesn't it seem like everything takes a little longer than it should?
Yeah, well, days were a little longer on our other planet.
Doesn't everything seem kind of heavier and you get more tired each day?
You feel a little heavier and older?
Yeah, well, on the old planet, we were a lot lighter.
Why do you think astrology doesn't work right?
The stars look different from there.
So, we don't know how big the conspiracy is.
There are those who think the conspiracy is really one of the sexes.
Is it, well, in the church of the subgenius, there's a women's brigade called the Connie
Yikes, named after Bob's primary wife, Connie Dobbs.
The mafia, we like to call her.
And then, by the same token, they have a lot of money.

They're going, oh, no, it's all patriarchy's fault.
Patriarchy did everything bad.
Women are all good.
Patriarchy's all evil.
Hey, man, we're all evil.
We've all got the conspiracy inside of us.
You have to cast the monster out of your own guts before you can start telling somebody else how to live their life.
It's like, yes, stop the war in Iraq.
End homelessness.
Do everything you can, whatever.
But can you mow your yard first?
Then tell the rest of us how to keep our gardens, okay?
Whee!
Boy, it's not a whatchamacallit.
It's a whirl in the jigger.
It's a human thing from up there.
All right, what'll it be, boys?
The leather britches.
The leather britches.
Bust down.
Her dance is tongue-in-cheek.

And with two tails.
Tails that spin and bend like mine could never do.
That's a human girl doing some kind of human dance.
Whee!
Please, no dogs.
At least there's no humans around.
Well, well, well.
Someday I'm gonna dance just like this human girl.
Whatcha gonna pray, Mr. Gray?
Gray is bucking mule.
Watch your buck.
Whee!
What's wrong?
I...
I don't have two tails.
Whee!
Oh, I thought you did, old...
Grrrr.
From PR News in Washington, I'm Trouble.
Iraqi leaders have given themselves another Jewish settlement yesterday, apparently pushing back their cars.
Around ten Jewish-stinians are leaving ahead of the government deadline to do so.
On Wall Street 21061-1016.
Spain's Defense Ministry says this is PR News.
Spanish national radio was another tragedy.
PR's more.
ARP drugs.
Four. Five.
Pfft. Pfft.
ARP drug. ARP shh shh shh shh shh.
ARP shh drugs. Government drugs.
PR News.
Israel says a new analysis shows a dramatic rise in the cost of PR News in Washington.
Hello there. There's been a lot going on in the London area, and there's been some pretty nasty Central and Northern Britain.
My, you're a boy!
Now the worst of it will still be pretty nasty, but to start with, it should be London in the morning to Lincolnshire, Norfolk and maybe Suffolk.
Further south and west, parts of Cornwall, Devon, maybe Pembrokeshire and Anglesey should peter out fairly quickly.
The main area in the east, especially across central parts of Britain, and possibly in the London area.
The next west-southeast with pretty miserable Scotland starts to nudge its way into the south.
I wish I could do my voice like that, yeah?
Thanks to Leigh-Murr.
And before that, Human Tales was by Vailor Trucks.
And before that, Devo did that song Deep Sleep.
And the song No Romance was by The Rainmakers.
All of that interspersed with yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang, ranting at the 25th Starwood Festival last July.
But for now, let's look in on the American astronaut as he makes a trade.
Tam!
Hey, there he is.
Hi, Devo.
How's it going, buddy?
Fine.
What's the matter with him?
Ah, you know how kids are.
You sell them to a shitty planet and they think you're the bad guy.
Yeah, well, I'm here to make it up to the little guy.
What do you mean?
I came here to take him.
Ah, nah, nah, nah.
That boy holds the only memory we got.
Mr. Valensky, you give me back the boy and I'll give you the chance to create your own memories.
What the hell is that?
It's a real live girl.
You take this, you grow her in private, you raise her, you teach her, you marry her.
All for a kid whose brief fleeting encounter pales in comparison to the experiences that await you.
Let's say I was gonna show her to somebody right now.
My daughter or wife or whatever the hell she is.
She looks bad.
Why would you want to show her to anybody?
What if I wanted to?
Yeah, you're right.
Hey, kid.
Take a hike.
When we first saw it, we knew there was just one thing to be done.
It was scientific.
And sociological.
That's right.
A lot of fun.
We knew in this world there could only be one.
The baby in the jar with glasses on and a gun.
Glasses on.
I'm not a doctor.
I don't know what you're talking about.



The boy who saw a woman's breast has left our planet.
Allow me to explain.
In this simple black case, I hold the dawning of a new day.
The dawning of a new era.
An era of sexually explicit conversation.
For here in my hand, I hold the case that contains a real, live girl.
She shall be raised in private.
She shall be taught all there is to know of our work ethic.
And on a daily basis,
she will be notified of the triumphs made by each and every one of your selfless efforts.
When she is fifteen and a half,
she will become my bride and your queen.
You will all partake in fresh fruit.
Brought here by the blueberry pirate himself.
And I will partake in fresh fruit.
And so,
I shall find a way to put an end to this sexual intercourse.
An act in which we are all a stranger.
But which,
upon my return,
I will describe to you
in great detail.
A ghetto.
Let's have a party.
I think we'll have a party now.
Let's have a party.
It's great when you get started out.
We'll throw our hands up and shout party.
We'll throw our heads back and say party, party, party.
Oh, won't you come and join our party?
Let's have a party.
I think we'll have a party now.
Let's have a party.
It's great when you get started out.
We'll throw our hands up and shout party.
We'll throw our heads back and say party, party, party.
Party, party.
Oh, won't you come and join our..
Oh, won't you come and join.
Oh, won't you come and join our..
Oh, won't you come and join our..
Oh, won't you come and join our..
Oh, won't you come and join our..
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I'll sing you a song about Bob.
I'll sing you a song about Bob.
I'll sing you a song about Bob.
I'll sing you a song about Bob.
I'll sing you a song about Bob.
I'll sing you a song about Bob.
I'll sing you a song about Bob.


About Bob
I'll sing you a song
About Bob
The Psychoskeletons, friends.
And before that, some me at the Starwood Festival.
And now, Reverend Circlemaker of Wales.
Reverend Circlemaker who is a circlemaker in the crops late at night
to baffle the pundits and please the gods of mirth and art
with this new rock opera.
Rock opera.
Rock, punk, punk, punk, punk
Bob
Rock, punk, punk, punk, punk
Bob
Rock, punk, punk, punk, punk harness
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
From PR News in Washington, I'm dropping some to the water.
French President Jean Chirac called that just the beginning.
The president also officially released the 1970s.
Energy Secretary Samuel Bodman says this is PR News.
The D-U-S-S-A-B-U-E-R.
A new United Nations report reports police in Afghanistan are looking for PR News in Washington.
