Bob is fictional and purely coincidental.
All names used on this program refer to real people either living or dead.
I feel happy.
The Self Genius.
Power of Swatch.
And now we are at your service.
No.
If you are unhappy.
No, no.
Yes?
Who said I was unhappy?
I'm happy.
I'm very happy.
Very, very happy.
Yes.
Unhappy.
Unhappy.
Ah.
Is he happy?
We were trying to address just what is this Church of the Subgenius?
Yes.
Why are we here?
What is this?
The third question.
Here's one of these false memory items here.
The subject on alt-slack was asked,
the Church of the Subgenius is like dot, dot, dot.
Well, most of us never saw that subject.
We never saw it as being that dot, dot, dot like.
But our friend Dr. Morose here, Dr. Holocaust rather, said on that Worthy News group,
the Church of the Subgenius is like a giant inverse push me, pull you with a thousand
assholes pointed in different directions and only a vestigial head.
And that's why I like it so much.
Woo hoo.
There you have it.
Yeah.
Really.
I love it.


A quote that really stood out.
That's what I'm talking about.
A thousand assholes pointed in different directions.
You there.
That is our church.
It's almost like some Hindu painting or something.
And the vestigial head, of course, is the bedotted smiling face of Bob.
Could I interject a joke that illuminates this viscera of the church?
Sure.
Let's have a few laughs up here.
Stang notices there's a huge growth on the side of his neck that resembles his own head.
And he walks into a bar and he's kind of disappointed.
He's distraught about it.
He sits down and orders a drink.
The guy says, bartender says, hey, we don't serve freaks in here.
And the little head on the side of his body says, hey, fuck you, asshole.
I've been trying to get rid of this guy for the last three weeks.
Was that a joke?
You in the front row, you're sleeping through viscera instructions.
Hey, if the coffee water hasn't been poured.
Coffee.
Let it be poured.
And if it has been brewed, then let coffee cups be brought to the blabbermouths.
Because the illumination's gone now.
Thus it has been spoken.
Is this yesterday's coffee?
No, this is brand new fresh.
I just made it.
It was ground from special civet beans that I collected myself.
Mountain grown in the flavor zone.
These are the coffee beans that are eaten by the civet cat, which lives in Burma or whatever they call it now.
Passes through the gut of this cat.
The cat digests these beans and then they're collected at great risk by highly paid farmers.
This is all true.
These are human beans.
So this is the thousand dollar a pound civet coffee mixed with some Folgers and Maxwell house.
It's very, very good when it's freshly brewed and it's very good indeed reheated.
Finally, we got some Minion and Bobby action.
This is the way a cult is supposed to look.
With the babes bringing libations to the old blabbering farts.
This is the first and only time this X day I've ever encountered wild blueberry flavored coffee creamer.
Is that not what this is?
That's right.
That's what the funny taste is.
By organic wild blueberry flavoring.
Free range flavoring.
Well, at least it's organic.
Could I ask one very, very small question?
Why, sure.
What is the mental dynamic in preparing oneself to become a subgenius?
Is there an interim level perhaps where you can jump on board and take the fly down the road?
People have this misconception and they think, okay, I'm going to be a subgenius.
And they have this pained look like they're about to take a math test or something.
It's nothing like that at all.
One does not so much take up the cause of being a subgenius as simply allow oneself to be enfolded by the undulating protoplasmic organism which is the church of the subgenius.
Achieve achievingness without trying.
Could I have some coffee, too?
It'll come around you like the moving arms of a big easy chair or something.
Or if you've ever seen that old movie, It Came From Outer Space.
You remember the way the air came from outer space?
The aliens would absorb people.
These filmy, bubbly-like things would encircle the writhing people.
Well, that is a good metaphorical description of how one becomes a subgenius.
Because once one has been inculcated with even the slightest fragment of subgenius perception,
these grow in the manner of crystalline formations in all directions.
And then one sees subgeniusness.
Where one never would have seen it before.
In every direction.
It is, in effect, all around the new seeker.
Enfolds him, her, or it.
And in this chrysalis, the new subgenius is born and later emerges.
As a serial killer.
Right. We were talking about the stages they go through.
There's the larva, which is just a jabbering bobby.
The brand new subgenius.
Yes.
In fact, I believe the best example of those we've seen here were the nice young folks from Chickenhead
that showed up this morning at 7 a.m.
They hadn't even been ordained, and yet they somehow knew every bobby cliché.
Shot out of their mouth just as if by instinct.
Now, on their way home from here, having been insulted,
we actually surrounded them in a crowd and said,
Inside outsiders.
Inside.
Inside.
They will achieve the second step of subgenius, where you go,
This is stupid!
Why did I spend my money on this?
It's just a bunch of conformity of nonconformists.
God dammit.
They all act like they're supposed to be different or something.
They've all got that stupid bob face somewhere stuck on them.
Branded on them or something.
But then finally, when they're not trying anymore,
when they're not even thinking about it,
the truth of Bob enters their head.
And it usually doesn't come from anything some other subgenius said or any wise words would be spaken by Dr. Howell on the Puzzling Evidence Show or any ridiculous nonsense farted by Dave on the Hour of Slack.
Nay, but it comes from just glancing at that Dobbs head and that's all you need.
I have an update on the chicken heads.
There's an update on the chicken heads.
Chicken head update.
On this earth, their empty deflated body shells are collapsed on the ground up the road.
They passed out.
Supposedly they're collapsed on the ground up the road, folks.
Like deflated bags.
So the viscera itself of them is gone?
They drove all the way from Portland.
They showed up at the campground at 1.30 at night.
They started drinking.
And a little while ago there was a line of Pabst Blue Ribbon about 12 feet long up there.
Yeah, they were awfully beery at 7 a.m.
They had been up all night.
They are the salt of the earth.
Future subgeniuses.
Coming up through the cropland.
Well, that just shows then the buzz down you were talking about.
The loss.
The loss of memory of Bob and stuff.
Their whole bodies were taken.
They forgot them.
Sometimes it takes a long time for the lesson to be absorbed.
I got to admit, it was amazing.
They had never been to an ex-day, didn't know much about the church,
and yet they sounded like 1980s Bobbies.
Without even having to...
try.
As Connie Dobbs said, though,
I like my religion dry with a twist of sarcasm.
That doesn't mean we don't...
we're not going to frown on your every butt joke or fart joke.
Obviously, Dave's still here.
Well, Bob does find Connie's vagina rather dry and unappealing like an unattractive...
And with a twist of sarcasm.
Yes.
Dry...
Connie's vagina dry with a twist of sarcasm.
And can only be entered with a little corkscrew like pecker like a piggy has.
That tells you something interesting about old J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Of course, he doesn't have just one.
For me, it's been a special joy.
A little closer up, I've wanted to do that for a number of years and I'm thankful.
We want to help our children have this cult.
One of the questions that cult answers is,
who or what is worth living for?
And the answer to that question is to...
uh...
to...
to...
uh...
to...
Now, let's think about this.
Compulsive.
Compulsive.
But your children stay...
Wow, that's incredible.
ESP.
ESP.
To grab a children...
Hardwired.
Hardwired.
Hardwired.
Hardwired.
Hardwired.
Awesome.
You open your hand and satisfy the desires of joy.
You may as well eat it because you have no capacity to keep it.
Bite into that juicy...
So juicy it runs down on your chin.
Greater joy!
Greater joy!
Joy is the longest lasting pleasure.
More and more joy.
I'm in the midst of men.
Plunder.
They plunder.
They...
I will be satisfied.
Devour my flesh.
Devour my flesh.
Acid.
Exchange the truth for a lie.
Oh, children.
Oh, oh...
It's a rack.
Nothing.
Nothing.
Dreams of illicit sex or piles of money or more stuff.
Oh, children.
Open wide your mouth and I will...

I will fill it.
Open wide your mouth and I will fill it.
Uh, Ted.
Joy.
He went off.
Fill with joy.
Joy.
Pounding.
Pounding.
Bucket, bucket, bucket, bucket.
Uh, many of us here know each other from the news group alt.slack.
Some of us don't.
Dr. Howell hardly ever messes with it and Dave doesn't even know what the internet is.
Well, I would but these nosebleeds I have keep me on my back.
Princess Wee is a nice person and only reads.


She reads it every now and then.
But a lot of us are sort of addicted to it.
I should go on it because it concerns the doings of people I'm interested in.
It's entirely my failing that I'm not, uh, burrowed into alt.slack every single day.
Oh, I yearn to have the time to go on alt.slack.
That's one thing, the time.
You've got to have time to do it.
Actually, Princess Wee, we all sound like it's this big friendly thing, but Princess
Wee herself pointed out that alt.slack is the most anti-social social activity I can think of.
I ain't afraid of no flavor.
It really is.
It's where you go when you're sick and pissed off on your job and you want to pick a fight with somebody.
Preferably a stupid kook.
And alt.slack is the greatest kook flypaper ever invented on the internet.
Well, there you go.
It's a hotbed of tom kookery, you might say.
One person said,
The church is to crazy people making asses of themselves what bug zappers are to bugs,
what matators are to bulls, what Lucy Van Pelt with her football is to Charlie Brown.
And as I said, your hot button is my trampoline.
And it seems that the old timers on the subgenius news group have a skill.
As soon as a newcomer comes in,

they wait to see what is that person's hot button.
Is it that they love unions and think unions are a great thing?
Or is it that they hate all unions?
Whatever it is, suddenly every subgenius there is going to have a nasty, nasty wisecrack about that very sacred cow.
And it sure happened to me.
I've been reduced to tears from stuff I've read on the nice, friendly subgenius news group almost every time by Nensla.
They've ambushed Stang.
Who is always right.
Stang himself.
And that is why so many people hate him.
He offers a bitter cup.
It is the medicine without the sugar.
It doesn't go down easy.
Although Nensla might if you treated him properly.
He's a nice little fellow.
He scarred his chest and his thorax in the same way that the Lakota used to when they felt grief or pain.
I heard about it.
I saw that in a movie maybe.
Yeah.
I know he was scratching at himself pretty.
The subgenius social activities are not for the thin skinned.
You eventually develop quite a shell.
And we have our drama queens.
And we love them because they give us something to react to.
They're like the straight man and they don't even know it.
The incomparable deja thorax.
Princess We said with some people you have to put on the kid gloves with kid gloves.
They're that sensitive.
Those are the folks that I pity as they approach all slack hopeful.
Subgenius head shells.
Waiting to see the togetherness.
Gosh it won't be like the conspiracy.
It won't be like my awful office job where it's this endless fight among all these alpha male assholes and ass kissing pink boys.
No.
It'll be.
But yet it turns out church of the subgenius when you get down to it.
Paul Mavridis called it the high school from hell.
No it's not like your office.
It's like your fucking junior high.
I could attest to that positively myself.
And especially when it comes to kid gloves and manly teach.
And what is it again?
A small no small feet for manly teach.
Every time you mention kid gloves.
They start talking about the manly children gets all worked up and stuff like that.
But we were forced to play extreme sports.
Wisdom teats or something.
And one of the training methods was used.
They would actually put us in little teeny cages and they would electrocute us every four or five seconds.
Not real electrocution.
I guess that part was maybe mental too.
Maybe I made that up or something.
They don't let us do that in Dobstown anymore.
No.
Thank God for that.
Even in Malaysia the government's gone pink.
They've gotten wise.
It's like in Amsterdam.
You can't walk around smoking frop on the street.
Not anymore.
No.
You can't murder people anymore the way you used to be able to.
No.
At Burning Man you can't sacrifice live victims anymore.
At Starwood they had to quit putting up men in the wicker man.
And at X Day we're not even allowed.
Dr. Mojo is not allowed to fire off his simple beloved ritual worshipful dynamite packages.
No more plutonium.
No more bombs.
Full of shrapnel.
No more ear removing rituals.
We've had that one year.
And all the Amish horses kicked their stables down.
But this is all for your safety and protection.
Right.
It is.
We don't want to make anything less fun.
We love you friends.
And we hate you.
We care about you.
We're not.
Bob doesn't notice you.
And you should be glad.
We encourage pyrotechnics of every type and variety and firearms and stuff if you use
it on yourselves.
We just don't.
We want to protect some of the other subtenu who are more or less serious about all this.
So we're not going to do that.






So please, if you have to keep it in your pants, keep it there.
Of course, we subgenius doctors in the higher circles of the church have special powers
and are completely impervious to physical pain.
Of other people.
Of other people's physical pain.
It doesn't hurt us a bit.
That's right.
That's an important thing to remember.
Are we abjured from enjoying the physical pain of others?
Or should we poke them with sticks?
Well, we're supposed to rise above all that, but we can all deal with it in our own way.
Now here's an adversarial question for Stang.
You mentioned St. Paul Mavridis.
On the day I left, he was grumbling that Stang had a good idea with subgenius, but he ruined
it when he took out the conspiracy and he put in Bigfoot.
How would you answer this charge?
Paul hasn't been reading his pre-scripture slightly, is all I can say.
Well, all I can say, that sounds like Paul.
St. Paul.
He's very much like the St. Paul of Christianity.
Yes, he is.
Please explain.
That was lame.
That sounds just like my friend Paul.
You know, he might as well have said, Stang fucked up, as if it was up to me.
He might as well have said, Stang fucked up when he left behind the conspiracy.
He was just playing with the whole conspiracy and started talking about slack.
Because friends, there's some people that are drawn to the church only because of their
hate of the conspiracy.
Others are drawn by their instinct for slack.
When you go to a subgenius event, if you can walk in miserable because you're such a stupid,
ugly loser.
But when you look around at your fellow subgeniuses.
All of a sudden, by comparison, you feel like a brilliant, handsome, super hero.
And that's what, friends, that's what draws me to the slack of the church.
You know, like almost everybody here, I got, I was smart enough or invisible enough not
to get picked on in school.
But I knew that they would have picked on me had I not kept my low profile.
And I watched without joining in.
And while they picked on the less confident or quiet or smart mutants, you know, the poor
pasty faced, bespectacled kids with the four eyes, you know, the ones they pick on.
Or the one single Jewish kid in the class.
Or the one kid with the really frightening amount of freckles.
Or the one that smelled funny.
Or Susie the floozy.
You know.
We all know.
We've seen those talks.

We've seen those types.
What does that sign say?
Grand opening.
Oh, the grand Susie's opening.
Oh, I thought she was pointing to her opening.
Susie is a doorway to slack, my friends.
That is so.
She is the cave.
You can stand in front of that black hole, say open sesame, and Bob smoke will pour out,
gagging and choking you with knowledge.
For it is, is it not the very wisdom teat?
A prophesied by Chaz and Dave, that great old folk band.
I've sucked it.
Susie has sucked it.
We all suck.
You see, she bent that.
One way or another.
But as Ninslow said, until you realize that you suck, your suckliness will only grow.
You must realize that you suck before you can start to carve away and reduce your suck-fullyness.
Is that an actual tenet then?
Was Bob picked on as a young lad?
Ninslow said it, we added it, that settles it.
I quoted it.
I wrote it down.
Ninslow didn't remember.
I also wrote down this.
I am the poor blinded cyclops stumbling towards what I think might be light.
No, that's not on the page there.
You're saying that to yourself.
You've lost connection with what's going on here.
Yes, that was me.
I am the poor blinded cyclops stumbling towards what I think might be light.
You're having a psychotic episode.
That's not on the page.

That's not on the paper.
You're just saying that because you're thinking that right now and that's how you feel or
something.
You're just slouching toward barfing.
Dave here has been taking college courses.
I am.
And all of a sudden he's got this post-modernist take on everything.
He's a regular Marshall McLuhan all of a sudden.
Marshall McLuhan.
Because your communications course, right?
Yeah.
There's girls in college, see?
So Dave goes back to college.
He's 75 years old.
Yet, you know.
Well, I better finish my communications degree so I'll really know how to do things right
on the radio.
Uh-huh.
So that means that I can't read English there and say that that was not that you were just
saying that in a psychotic rant that you had lost connection with reality.
Instead, you're pretending to be reading it off the page.
No, I was reading it because I'm in a psychotic fugue and I don't want to let on that that's
happening.
Ladies and gentlemen.
Have the script.
Ladies and gentlemen.
Have the script.
Have the script.
Have the script.
Have the script.
Ladies and gentlemen.
Ladies and gentlemen.
We had the script.
Yes we do.
Ladies and gentlemen.

Yes!
Ohバイ
Darling.
You're Peròbecause
I didn't come out.
Da Snapdragon 2.5 and that position.
Psychedelic, you know?
Heavy, man.
What are we talking about again?
Flower power.
Dubs, dubs, dubs, dubs.
Doctor, doctor, doctor, doctor.
It's hard, it's hard, it's hard, it's hard to believe.
I've seen pictures and certainly watched video.
Cult drug.
Be, be person to person.
Be crazy in a cult.
Cult person to person.
God is dead.
Perverted sex.
Divorce is an easy way out.
Person to person.
Shock.
This country is involved in an illegal and immoral war.
We're supporting a military industrial complex.
Stop the war now.
Drugged out.
Gonna come, gonna come, gonna come, gonna come, gonna come.
Well, I did a lot of drugs.
And you could get drugs.
Party, party.
Penanistic lifestyle.
Uh, if it feels good, do it.
Other drugs, uh, just a great form of recreation.
Into prostitution.
I don't know.
Exciting.
Exciting.
There's a word.
Well, I did a lot of drugs.
I don't know.
Exciting.
Exciting.
There's a word.
Person to person.
Person to person.
Person to person.
Person to person.
Eric's.
Day.
Eric's.
Day.
Person to person.
Ladies and gentlemen.
Have the script.
The new voice that you're hearing is that of Reverend Susie the floozy.
Susie the floozy has joined the show.
Ah.
I'm the beaver shooting on the end.
Oh, something wonderful.
Ha ha ha.
Thank you.
And yeah, what's all this blather about?
Camera three has panned.
Or Susie has panned.
I guess you can help us grow our movie conversation to more contemporary topics.
I want to take issue about this blather about postmodernism.
Blather.
That is so old hat.
Aren't we into pre-past by now?
We're into post-pablum, baby.
We're into pre-pubescent.
We're actually pre-po.
Po.
Po.
Po.
I try to stay as pre-zygotic as I can.
We're poop modernists, friends.
That was a pretty presumptuous assumption there that.
Mm.
The whole postmodern idea.
We'll get a press-up pump on that.
Selfishly provided no place for any future movement.
That's true.
Mm-mm.
Whatever the hell that means.
Well, we don't believe what all those French theorists did.
For one thing, they hardly knew anything.
But.
They eat frogs too.
You know, stuff like that.
Yeah, they do all that sort of stuff.
So I.
I hate weefers.
No, they're freedom theorists now.
Oh, really?
Yeah, yeah.
They call them freedom.
That's what we're supposed to call them.
Fritters?
Fritters?
Brain fissures?
Corn fritters.
Potential chunks of batter.
Made out of some of that soft-pore corn.
The stuff that goes down good and comes out easy.
We want soft-core porn that melts in your eyes.
Easily digestible theological maxims and apothegms.
But of course, we have an audience of core subgeniuses here.
And they need more than the usual song and dance before they can feel that their time here has not been wasted.
That's why we've been.
They're hardly stoned enough to be awake yet, though, poor things.
Oh, well, there is that.
They may be wasted, but their time was not.
That is so.
And through the miracle of time control, time may be made not.
Super time-imation.
It could be yesterday, couldn't it?
The new miracle of the screen.
Is it yesterday still?
Tomorrow is yesterday.
No, I know it's X-Day, because I still have that sorry, suck-ass feeling.
Uh-oh.
We got reamed again, and that doesn't wear off easy.
Oh, aw.
Why didn't you tell me you were coming? I would have met you off the train.
I didn't come on the train.
Off the bus, then.
Didn't come on the bus, either.
So how did you get here, then?
Basically, there was this little dot, right?
And the dot went bang, and the bang expanded.
Energy formed into matter.
Matter killed, matter lived.
The amoeba, the fish, the fish, the fowl, the fowl, the froggy, the froggy, the mammal, the mammal, the monkey, the monkey, the man.
And though I'm after math, quick pro quo, memento mori, add in for nice and sprinkle on a little bit of grated cheese, and leave under the grill till doomsday.
Leave under the grill till doomsday.
.
.
.


of the world
It's okay
It's the end of the world
Celebrate
It's the end of the world
We can all escape
into outer space
and start again
It's the end of the world
It's okay
It's the end of the world
Celebrate
It's the end of the world
We can all escape
into outer space
and start again
It's the end of the world
Celebrate
It's the end of the world
Celebrate
It's the end of the world
We can all escape
into outer space
and start again
It's the end of the world
It's okay
It's the end of the world
Celebrate
It's the end of the world

Celebrate

It's the end of the world



We can all escape into outer space and start again
game
it's the end of the world it's okay it's the end of the world
celebrate
it's the end of the world it's okay celebrate
it's the end of the world
it's the end of the world
it's the end of the world
we can all escape into outer space and start again
you
plan x is the name of that x-day hymn by the reverend max slack talk about a promising subgenius
he started that song on july 5th 2008 the same day that most of this show was recorded
dr howell lonesome cowboy day and suzy the floozy joined us on stage at brushwood for an hour of
slack in front of the camera
fr c
yeah
Ñ
Ñ







As I was in my glorious inn, I was hooked up to my Wi-Fi connection,
and unfortunately I had to be a Google hosting jacked in.
I'm not sure I can transliterate that one.
As I was posting an interim report on X-Day,
Google requires you to go through that captcha thing
where you have to spell out a word.
Right, to verify your identity.
The word last night, and I kid you not, was jacked us.
Jacked us?
J-A-C-T-U-S-S.
Jacked us.
Yes.
Jacked us.
Bob jacked us again.
Bob jacked us again.
The Google verification procedure.
Bob speaks in so many strange ways, friends.
It proves that Bob himself may be a Google posting jack-a-dandy.
I didn't want to let that pass.
Wow.
Jacked us.
Jacked us.
Does that take care of it?
It almost seems like there's a word missing, but I would thought.
No, we didn't get off.
Jacked us up.
Jacked us something.
We've been jacked.
Bob's jacked me in every direction but off,
and I'm getting damn tired of it.
I'm still slobbering under the delusion that we actually were ruptured,
and we've been given little clues like the guys from Tacoma
who lost their chickens and stuff,
and that we're just dreaming, thinking this now
because our belief in Bob was not strong enough
to actually bring about beautiful sex goddesses
and cool rocket ships and stuff.
Instead, it's just like Sherman Brushwood,
and we're there now, and we're all freaking stuck in this one frame
trying to get out to our paradise.
Right.
It could be a lack of imagination.
One of the most insulting things I ever saw one subgenius say to another was,
Uh-oh.
Your escape vessel.
Your escape vessel probably will look just like your dingy apartment,
and you won't even know the difference.
No problem.
It's like, what if that's exactly the case?
We just couldn't believe.
It was too good to be true, so we didn't believe it.
And, of course, the exes give you what you want,
and it turns out most of us, we're like rock gnar.
We really did want to keep our same old body because we were used to it.
I got a flying side of the mechanical problem.
Is that a penis inside of us?
Is that the part of the conspiracy we must carve out?
The part that makes us not believe the saucers are really going to be that great,
that we could truly make our own reality, and not in a new age way.
I'm talking about in a forbidden planet way.
Exactly.
Not your, not, I make my own reality because if I feel like everything's cool
and everything's really cool.
No, it's the forbidden planet way where if I feel like I want,
I want to tear the shit out of every one of these assholes like a giant monster,
a giant monster will appear and tear the shit out of all those assholes.
Boy, I'm going to have to bleep that one a lot.
Just like in that movie, of course, everybody else's giant monster comes and gets you,
so that's the difficulty with giving everyone the giant monster franchise.
But you will develop into something beyond a human being at this point, we fervently hope and expect.
Well, when asked to give testimony, we'll be able to say,
I am not now, nor have ever been a member of the human race.
Well, eventually we'll either be Morlocks or Eloi.
And as Frater Sodi said, don't just eat that Eloi, eat the hell out of it.
They're both human.
For we are the Morlocks. We're not the Eloi, we're not the cattle.
We want Morlocks for our business.
Morlocks for our bagels.
The Morlocks are our beloved descendants, our sweet children living in the bombed out future.
We're the Morlocks. We're the clones.

I am not alone.
I live in a home where the other clones roam.
We just sit around and get stoned.
I am a clone, why don't you leave me alone?
In my plastic world in our fadeaway zone.
It's the only place I call home.
I wonder as I wander.
Whatever I do, I will find.
Whatever happened to the time when people could see with their minds?
I wonder as I wander down the line.
I wonder as I wander down the line.
I wonder as I wander down the line.
I wonder as I wander down the line.
I...
I...
I...
I am a clone. I eat styrofoam.
I was born in a dorm. My mom was a drop.
My papa was an automaton.
In a pop bar was an automaton.
I am a clone, I am not alone
I live in a land of silicon and chrome
And there's never a white or a moon
I wonder as I wander
Whatever happened to the time
When people could see with their minds
I wonder as I wander down the line
I wonder as I wander down the line
I, I, I, I
I am a clone but I won't be for long
From inside I planted a little bomb
To turn everything off once and for all
I am a clone, now I'm on the roam
From my plastic world in a fadeaway zone
And I'm never, I'm never going home
I wonder as I wander
Whatever happened to the time
When people could see with their minds
I wonder as I wander down the line
I wonder as I wander down the line
But the atmosphere is not normal
As I wander down within a night
I wonder as I wander down the line
I wonder as I wander down the line
And time goes by
I wonder where I'll loom
I wonder as I wander up the enemyulation
Ogre, ogre, ogres to body
I am a family member

I'm a clone.
And now, if we are recording, it's back to Hour of Slack Live at Brushwood.
Are we recording?
Oh, no.
Yeah, we're back to recording again, I would think.
Everything's going fine.
You can be funny now.
All right.
Oh, we were taking a...
Can we take a little bit longer?
I said you could be funny.
All right.
Well, try.
Well, try as hard as we can, kids out there.
There's been a lot of strange fucking who even said over the last three hours.
Some of you may have swelled.
Followed it.
Hook, line, and sinker.
But believe me, it's all lies.
Desperate freaking lies brought to you by a bunch of escaped mental patients that have
no business being here or anywhere else on this earth plane.
Don't be so embittered.
No, that's only the terrible grotesque face which is occasionally presented toward us
from the universe.
Actually, we prefer a more genial smiling face.
A face composed of many dots.
Of a genial smiling man smoking a pipe.
Calm, restful, peaceful.
What?
Well, as, you know, if something's bothering you, as Reverend Diva Schematics said here,
if you don't like being fucked up the ass with a brick, stop sitting on the brick.
These things are common sense.
And that's the kind of intelligence we're talking about in Church of the Subgenius.
Not a high IQ, common sense, sense of humor, dollars and cents.
And for some people, sense of Mia, I think, has entered that thing.
But, you know, in the gap between the best possible result and the best result possible,
there lies slack.
Slack.
Trademark SOTY.
Yeah.
And as Benslow said,
the Church of the Subgenius is like steroids on acid.
A beautiful dream for some people.
Steroids on acid for others who live in reality.
Each and every one of us got it in us.
On the reality channel.
Or maybe that's just a rare form of gonorrhea.
We're today gonorrhea tomorrow.
Does gonorrhea still exist?
Because last time I was here, I was in the hospital.
Last time I had sex, they still had it.
And then they had a giant outburst somewhere.
I don't know if it had to do with gonorrhea or if I just hallucinated it.
It comes in different flavors now.
It's designer flavored?
Mm-hmm.
Well, why can't the church get in on that?
On flavored gonorrhea?
Lime-flavored gonorrhea?
No, I feel it.
You can't get that in.
They sell the lime and chili-flavored gonorrhea
in Texas and California, but not in Ohio.
Border states only.
Or New York.
Because I guess they figure only Hispanic people
like the lime and chili-flavored gonorrhea.
But everybody loves it.
As if some Caucasian or Shieti was not capable
of appreciating those tastes.
It's like that marketing.
Has any of you experienced the reverse marketing
that the conspiracy does on subgeniuses
where you finally find...
You find a brand of something you like.
There's one peanut butter that's mixed with...
Crack.
Lime-flavored gonorrhea.
Even one particular peanut.
But as soon as you've bought it three times,
it's taken off the market.
Yeah.
Right.
I mean, I've run into that over and over and over again.
You finally find a cheap wine that's good.
And as soon as that computer beast in Belgium,
666 Computer,
figures out that you've bought three of that item.
Like the Dayglo Squeeze Margarine.
Dayglo Blue Squeeze Margarine.
Sure, the normals weren't going to buy it.
And the way they knew that?
Because I bought it.
More than once.
That wasn't Rectal Lube?
Dallas, Texas, my friends,
was the test market for most big corporations
and Hollywood.
They would test things.
You know the old phrase,
will it play in Peoria?
Well, Dallas is the real Peoria.
They figured that's where the people are the most normal and stupid.
That place was lousy with that clear Pepsi crap when I was there.
Was that why?
Dallas test audiences are why Steven Spielberg movie endings suck.
Well, I...
There's always a good ending and a bad ending.
And they run the bad one by the end.

They run the bad one by the Dallas audience and they go,
oh, I got that.
That was why the end of the Kennedy administration sucked.
What, the testosterone examinations?
The testes could be stacked.
And they use us as a reverse barometer.
If there's something we like, they'll take that thing off the market.
Does this not explain television and radio?
As well as fast food chains and every other...
It explains this church.
Well, three weeks or three days is definitely...
A sign that marketing influences are involved.
And that they're trying to nail a particular demographic splinter.
So what I was assuming is if they're in Texas,
they're trying to see if the testosterone and ovarian levels are high or low
so they can exterminate more cows or other beasts.
Other beasts.
Other beasts might include Moe's Giganticus and its song.
Commander.
This is still the man with the foolproof plan.
Master, master, electrical master,
we're pulling the plug on this fantastic disaster.
Action, action, attack with passion.
We'll buy you more time if they sell us the pants.
Come and die!
This is not a case that defies convention
This is the example that you can't explain
This is not a story that we know so far
And all the rest of the exceptions to the rules of the game
Come and die!
Come and die!
Come and die!
This is no mistake
This is no accident
I work for a living
I put my back into it
Don't be confused
Between fucking circumstances
I'm a fucking magician
I make shit happen
This is for the days that we spent in darkness
This is for the future that we lived in
This is for the minds I saw
This is for the man who died broken alone
I never questioned the direction or the purpose of it all
Come and die!
Come and die!
Good lord man, Mos Giganticus there did that song
Commander, Commander
From the album of the same name
And you can get more about Mos Giganticus from mosgiganticus.com
Mos is spelled M-O-S-E
And now, are there any other questions?
The little bald headed girl with the breasts just forming over there has a question
What does that say about those of us who paid more than three times to come to Exit A?
Well, you've obviously been penetrated by our adroit niche marketing
And also known as
Three holes, no waiting
Thrice stupid
Makes you a son of a niche
Well, you must learn to know that niche because now you are of it
If you have a niche, scratch it
You fit like a glove with a kid stuck in it
But serially folks
Give them a niche and they'll take a smile
The smile of J.R. Bob Doggs
Beaming down upon us
Aren't computers supposed to be able to identify niche markets and then take care of them
But in fact that's not what they're used for
They're programmed to satisfy stadium sized audiences of pinks
And let the preferences of subgeniuses blow away in the wind
They don't care about us, friends, so forget them anyway
Praise Bob, praise Bob they don't care about us
That's why we're still getting away with this
That's why nobody's getting away with this
Nobody's killed us yet
Because they would care about us but they don't understand
And that makes them sort of want to go away
Based upon your previous purchases we believe you would be interested in these items
Now how many times are you subjected to that on alt slack or on the website
Never, never
No actually Dave, I'm the one who does that
Never, never
They just can't figure out how to make money on us
Amazon.com knows me so well
They're getting intrusive aren't they
They're getting intrusive aren't they
Because it's headquartered in Nichigan
Nichigan?
Down on the farm
Nichigan, home of the anemo acids
Friends that was the amazing reverend Susie the floozy
Who also built a goat
Why a goat?
Why not mention the goat?
A goat with an upside down
A, a, an artificial Frankenstein like goat
Or a cleverly designed robot of a goat
With, yes, Greek features
Ah yes and udders
Udder features we could mention
Udders made out of a rubber glove
It was a rather large goat
It was, it was large for a goat
But unfortunately
It was a love goat
The love goat
The love goat
Wasn't there a show called the love goat?
Life's sweetest reward
Speaking of loving goats, you know portions of the following broadcast may be found objectionable by members of the listening audience
Therefore WCSB advises listeners to discretion the views and opinions expressed in this program are not those of WCSB or Cleveland State University
Can't believe the way he does it
Let's say something obscene
If you are to fail then you should be ashamed of yourself
What we air by definition is not obscene
You're a disclaimer voice
You sound like the guys from the hair care project
You know I've been wanting to get into voice work for years and I really have no idea where to start
Make that voice of yours roll up its sleeve and get elbow grease all over your pots and pans
You know there is a show called the love goat
But it's banned in 30 states
Ah, bad
It's a bad movie
A bad show
Well we're on the horns of a dilemma here
But at the axe day celebration this large artificial goat was the cynosure of all eyes and the center of attention
And like the other goats before her she blew bubbles
She could also perform many tricks
Number one she would take one of the little pipes out and the bubble would appear and float seemingly
Interestingly for a long period of time she also performed songs and did tricks for the kids
But the kids had leprosy
They'd been fondling too many armadillos
Take time now to look at my tremendous manhood and experience great joy
Word?
Come on in, it's fine
I have the large organs
And by the way let me just mention too we have a website with tons of large organs
At www.largermanhood.org
So please take a look at that and download large organs right there on our website
Feel free to do that
Well what is this position?
Ssssssss
Male
Now let me just take a moment for these folks who have just come in
It's alright
Shhh shhh shhh shhh shhh shhh shhh
Ah ah ah ah
Well desire
Ah desire
Well ah ah ah
Ah ah ah ah
Shhh shhh shhh shhh shhh shhh
Ah ah ah
Move
Ah ah ah ah
Okay
My goodness I've came big
It's an amazing thing isn't it?
Ah quite an amazing thing
Very hard
Ah very hard ssss
Ah goodness
I mean I don't think
I mean I don't think
Huge
Huge
Ssss
Slack
Ssss
Head
Head
Well what does that mean?
Are you guys awake here?
Head
Ah ah ah I I
Hell
I don't think so

Shhh shhh shhh shhh shhh
Embrace
Head
Your rightful
Head
Love
Head
Don't
Don't think for one minute
Yup yup yup yup
You know the Church of the Subgenius is like that model of the visible man or the visible
woman which was even more fun.
I spray paint in my flesh color I didn't want her visible anymore.
You can see the insides.
We have transparency you know.
You can you can
Walk up and see the inner workings of the Church except for the one key secret and that's
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
He may be here though.
He may have decided since puzzling evidence and some of the other gun happy nuts aren't
here maybe Bob will show up.
He often does during amino acid concerts.
That would be the time to look for him.
He stumbles out as if he's almost blind and he looks he's shorter than I always expected
him to be.
Well you're standing on a stage.
Right.
And you often get people often say to Bob Dobbs I thought you were dead.
He's the snake Plissken of religious heroes friends Bob is.
Now this is just the beginning of what I wanted to tell you.



Why have you picked me when I always wanted to play the music.

Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
