You hunting something?
Something on your mind?
Usual business.
Make yourself at home.
The thing that I mean to have you know is, is that I ain't no god damn preacher.
That's okay son, mama don't mind if you ain't no preacher, as long as you got four dollars.
Bob.
Bob.
But Bob is not real.
The subgenius power of sweat.
Bob is real.
He's been having me since I was twelve.
My name is Mario Cuomo and here's the radio crack.
Breaking news now, God is dead.
Uh, go get Bob Dobbs.
I guess he just wanted to listen.
Are you a subgenius?
An army of goons looking for...
Slack.
A lot of slack.
Plenty of slack.
Listen dummy.
Bob Dobbs.
Bob.
Dobbs has the answer.
If you want the best slack for the ultimate radio experience, you can easily go to the church of the subgenius.
The slack also features music, creating the perfect mood for partying.
Bob Dobbs.
The American way.
Please welcome to the podium, Bob Dobbs.
Uh, I do nothing, you do everything.
Yet I get paid for it.
Pure subgenius.
Dobbs.
Dobbs.
This is going to be a tough nut to radio crack.
Herbert was chief executive.
Herbert uses words.
Brother Herbert went to Hawaii and forgot to pack his hat.
All the big programming decisions are made right through those doors.
God bless America's chickens.
Now I was accused of taking that out of context, Dr. Dobbs.
Could you smack Bob if you had to?
He's only three feet tall.
Bob is, is very sensitive.
Bob, I'm sorry.
Bob, I'm going to guarantee you free crack, or reduced crack for a year.
Bob, what does this do?
Bob.
Dobbs.
Uh, or Mrs. Dobbs.
Genius or a mouse trap?
Bob, running a battery company.
We look to, uh, the, uh, to the subgenius hour of slack.
It's an hour of fascism.
Radio slack.
No.
Radio crack.
Bob, uh, thanks Bob, appreciate it.
Convinced of, uh, this little country's bright future, Bob purchased everything he could find.
Building into an unbelievably large asset very quickly.
Yes.
Mr. Dobbs.
Dobbs purchased another radio station.
Assuming that radio would be in his future, Dobbs adds yet another laurel to his long list
of achievements.
So you do take medicine for schizophrenia.
Hopefully.
I know you're not having an episode.
I hadn't heard this country before.
He does.
My symptom is...
In the last 20 years of his life, the most dynamic industrial individual with 41 hours
of tape has never been a man.













Much as 41 hours of tape.
Secret conversations recorded.
Therefore, simple mathematics dictated that in less than one minute of each hour, actually,
the show could penetrate the record population with little effort.
And so there were the first 20 years.
The first 20 years of this show.
The first 20 years of this show.
They're tumbling down the radio station stairs.
That was Dr. Philo Drummond, personal friend of J.R. Bob Dobbs, on the show itself, puzzling
evidence from KPFA.
Before that, the amazing collage was by somebody new, the subhegious army of goons of RadioCrack.com.
That's RadioCrack.com.
Our titles this episode, which is our slot number 1,215, were by the name of Dr. Philo
Dummond.
We are moving forward the in our numbers from the Maker Enortex X and 1,235 to 3,400, which
gives us this 검 suggesting that the only possible record being promised in theory from
next Disney takes place on the street under a base坊k of the Warner Brothers stereo
that on the screen to the right of the screen, there we are seeing a dozen of fact of each

You might have undersell all full of different index on the report on the subgenio they
og QRberg-ordum Life Resource Custom, 아주 쉽o, fatally affect may take.

Boologalam Sprung for Broadway on the continent is closely any other record being recorded
along with the подпис and newspapers, entering into kind of a photo and so forth.
So you can actually get best quality game record on Sony's X- submarines.
Dr. Howell of DrHowell.com, or that's AskDrHowell.com,
Grease Says Pisces, Reverend Susie the Flusie of WREK.org,
and Bob's Slack Time Funhouse there,
and later on, Reverend Angry Larry on TheAminoAcids.com.
Yes, we're back, and we're going to play some award-winning CDs for you
as part of our comprehensive program of subgenius music.
Here on Subgenius Radio, the once and future hour of Slack
generated from our special Bobcasts here at X Day 12.
12.
So gather round, we're about to set forth on a fable voyage
into perilous seas and fairy lands forlorn.
What's the trouble around here?
I think Susie's breasts have this.
Sort of field?
They're interfering with the equipment.
And the problem is, is between Susie's breasts...
Don't lean too near the interocitor, my dear.
And between... We've got... I think there's just too much breast.
Well, we might need someone to hold them back if you need a volunteer.
It does. It does.
And what do you do when the space-time continuum cleaves because of that problem?
The left one's usually larger.
Yeah.
Why is that true? Is that a universal concept?
No, it's not.
It's not? I'm not... My right one's bigger?
Asymmetry.
When staying, the one that's left is larger.
I'll tell you why, and I won't even accept the dollar.
The reason is that the left side is a copy of the right side,
and a copy is never identical to the original.
Ah.
We form by division, and, you know, each part is only as good as it can be
as a copy of the other part.
Within certain tolerances, bilateral symmetry,
but actually...
When you look close, as with everything else, the gremlins creep in,
and you recognize there are differences.
Well, I mean, they told me the other day, I was at the conspiracy doctors,
and they said, well, you know, your left eye is dominant.
And I said, well, that explains a lot.
It's like that two-headed little girl that you may have been following the adventures of.
Yeah.
Yeah, now she's a teenager.
Yeah.
Now there are two teenage heads on that back.
And then she's a teenager, and she's a little bit older, and she's a little bit older.

Wow.
There's a lot of things she could do twice as fast.
Yeah. Well, her parents were quoted on TV saying, well, it's time to start thinking about dating.
And I would say, yeah, it is, indeed.
She needs a giant lizard man with a hemipenny.
All those people.
A better dumbass boyfriend.
No, she doesn't need that, because she has one set of reproductive equipment.
Two legs, you know, two arms.
It's only...
So no lizards.
Um, but you see, even in the early stages of the human life,
even in this case, which nature has provided as special entertainment for subgeniuses,
one side dominates.
In all two-headed individuals, in all Siamese twins in general, one side must dominate.
Both cannot dominate, or there is some...
There can be only one.
But that being said, there is graceful surrender from the subordinate head to the dominant head.
Now this little girl runs around.

and plays as everybody remembers who saw her visit Oprah which she did twice back
when she was a kid and not a teenage two-headed girl but medically when she
runs around the left head controls the left leg and the right head controls the
right leg there's none of that reverse that you get from the human brain where
the right side would control the left leg. I can't even get Monster in. But they do it they are two
intelligences cooperating and the reason this cooperation is possible is
there is a dominant side in this case a dominant head. Most of us are only
fortunate enough to have a single head but still there are warring sides the
left side and the right side. The evangelicals and the Holocaust. Yes the
afficipation that we see through everything. The Tao symbol itself
through everything. The Tao symbol itself.
demonstrates this duality.
But you've got to realize
with perfect equal nature,
perfect equality between these opposites,
no motion is possible.
Everything is frozen into some bland ideal of perfection.
No fiery forward movement is possible.
We can either be pulled forward
by our desire for the divine
or forced forward by the fiery diabolical behind us.
Or they can fall off the bed from the movement.
Well, that can happen too
if the mattress is the wrong size.
Or like Japanese monsters,
the hemispheres can team up.
They fight at first and then they team up.
Well, that's because they like to show.
They live in a society
where cooperative behavior is essential.
We're not quite...
We're not quite yet so tightly packed in.
The child running is the monster steaming up.
That is the case
when these monsters have children.
And some of them do.
There are child-rearing issues
with Godzilla's child
who we were talking about the other day.
I remember certain issues of abandonment.
But Godzilla did some parenting
in one of those movies.
Was it...
Oh, God.
Was it Destroy All Monsters
or Godzilla on Monster Island?
I don't accept Godzuki
as part of the Godzilla mythos.
Yeah.
I don't recall.
I'm not so much a fan of these pictures.
But I do remember there is a scene
where the elder Godzilla
teaches the younger Godzilla
to throw fire.
Well, the younger one
only blows smoke rings.
But the old man gets him
to throw some fire after a while.
And that's the way it is.
You find out that your pop
is good for something.
After a while,
you just stick around long enough.
He's not such an idiot.
I remember when my daddy taught me
what a blanket party was.
You mean with pigs in a blanket?
No, no, no, no.
It's a little different.
Oh, I see.
Is that like the covered wagon?
Uh-huh.
Dad taught me about the covered wagon.
You see, it's different
when you're a little girl growing up
because sometimes daddy tells you
all the secret ways
of handling personal situations.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
See, the girls are grinning
because they know.
Especially you see her next to him.
She's going, yeah,
my daddy would totally
beat your butt.
Bar of soap and a sock.
It works great in pantyhose.
It's like bolos.
Exactly.
If you get them working,
you can do nuthin' chucks with it.
And the daughters of Noah
looked upon the old man
as he slept.
And lo, he was aroused.
And lo, they too were aroused.
And they went in unto him.
And went to him.
And then his wife found out about it.
The wife always finds out?
The wife always finds out.
And if you're going to go all the way
to South America.
South America?
Oh, no, this was a...
They ended up on Mount Ararat,
according to some tradition.
They always take it up onto the mountains.
I always wondered why.
Especially when they were doing something bad,
they would go on the mountain?
Well, the mountains were high peaks.
And they had a unique experience
where one of the run-off
stranded the ark
at the end of the story ark.
But, if God was like your big dad,
he's like the big universal dad,
and he's in the sky,
why do I want to go all the way up higher
to do something?
So that my big, mean dad in the sky
can see me mess up?
I think we're going to be...
People actually believe
that God lurks in the sky.
The great sky God.
But then some
folks think that the divine presence is all around us and therefore also in the sky.
Bob is all around us. I see Bob and everyone here.
That's because there are so many of those faces everywhere you look, staring back at you.
So look, there's Bob in that one. And even in her. Yes, in her there's Bob.
In fact, I'm sure Bob has been in her, but I'm not really sure.
And then there's Bob over there and that one in the back.
He's so full of Bob he's about to explode!
Oh, my asshole!
Well, there you have it. Irrefutable proof of the Dobbsian Inherence.
Dobbsian In-where-ence?
That Dobbs inheres in us all.
Dobbs adheres to us all, too. He's very sticky.
Where you come from is gone.
Where you thought you were going to weren't never there.
And where you are...
ain't no good unless you can get away from it.
Your conscience...
is a trick.
It don't exist.
And if you think it does...
then you had best get it out in the open...
hunt it down...
and kill it.
Friends, I want you to meet the new prophet, the true prophet here.
I want you to listen to what he says.
Listen here!
Listen to what he says, because I think he's going to make you as happy as he has made me.
The unredeemed are redeeming themselves.
And the new Jesus is at hand.
Watch for this miracle.
Help yourselves to salvation in the holy church of Christ.
Without Christ.
Amen! Amen! The prophet!
Amen!
Amen!
Amen!
Amen!
Well, I have interviewed Priestess Pisces about her X-Day experience.
And perhaps now that you're here, Susie, I should also inquire for the record...
how your X-Day has been up to now.
For those watching at home, she's removing her clothing.
Yes, she is.
What was the most delightful thing that you have done since coming to X-Day?
I just showed up.
That's the best thing I could have done, because you have no idea how therapeutic and purging an X-Day is.
And damn, I don't know how this year didn't kill me, but I'm feeling so badly.
I did mention the net of inimical forces tugging at us, trying to keep us from getting here this year, which was stronger than ever.
Negi has acted in our lives in such horrific ways.
The horror.
It's all gonna burn.
And it seems so reasonable, what is offered.
But then, if you can just persist and get away to the Brushwood campground, these objections, viewed from the other end, are seen as the satanic stratagems they actually are.
If Modamat could bring me that black bag in front of him...
Uh-oh.
No, not the black bag.
Yes, the black bag.
No!
The black bag has all the important things in it.
Ah, not the one with the red straps, too?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Touch it that way. Right. Be careful. I believe it's still armed.
That bag will trim your nails for you.
It'll trim more in than nails.
What do you want?
If Jesus Christ cured blind men,
how come you don't get it?
I'll get him to cure you.
He blinded Paul.
Anybody that blinded himself for justification, I'll be able to save you.
Nobody with a good car needs to be justified.
From PR News in Washington, I'm continuing to talk about pre-existing medical conditions.
...P.R. News.
Spanish authorities say President Obama blew up a police barracks in Northern Virginia.
On Wall Street, 910-964. This is PR.
Health officials are worried about the coming on pregnant women.
Pregnant women will be held down later today.
Pregnant women were among previously healthy pregnant women.
PR News.
A report from Nigeria says as many as 4,000 people have run from PR News in Washington.
The conspiracy had me in its claws.
I looked for Bob, but without Thursday.
At 30 I was lost.
Because the conspiracy had me in its claws.
Because I was lost, but now I do see.
I was lost, but now I do see.
Because J.R. Bob Dobbs, he's the savior of me.
I was lost, and now I do see.
Actually, I don't think those were the words at all.
Amen. Well, it was well thought.
How about this one?
X day is here, the mountains fall.
I cringe and hide my head.
I never send in my 30 bucks.
My soul is filled with dread.
Oh, Bob, won't you let me in?
I'll be free to live.
And all that is mine, I, John, surely will give.
Oh, bear me away in your bright saucership.
To my subgenius home.
Oh, bear me away in your bright shining ship.
To my subgenius home.
I saw the pinks and normals flee.
The dreadful harvest from the sky.
They run and scream and die in pain.
And none of them knows why.
Oh, Bob, won't you let me live?
And all that is mine, I, John, surely will give.
Oh, bear me away in your bright saucership.
To my subgenius home.
Oh, bear me away in your bright shining ship.
To my subgenius home.
Oh, Dr. Hal.
Yes, yes.
Dr. Hal sings Ex-Day is Here from the Brushwood stage.
The John Shirley version, I noticed.
Before that, Priestess Pisces singing some P.R. News from Lee Marr.
And before that, some Wise Blood.
Now, back to some live hour of Slack reminders from Dr. Hal.
Well, don't forget that on Saturday, July 4th,
the day the pinks celebrate their idea of independence,
we will be about to celebrate ultimate independence.
And that night, we will hear the dulcet music of the amino acids
on this very stage at 10 p.m.
with their world premiere film,
I Was a Teenage Subgenius.
The military and service,
the government knows about them.
And there's a lot of safe areas in this world
that they could begin moving the population to now.
But they're not doing that.
They are not.
They want the major population centers wiped out
so that the few that are left will be more easily controllable.
Besides, there is not much to do here.
But it takes a lot of effort to do it.
Instead of trying to throw the attention to a few niceties,
we were able to use an Army soldier
that could protect indoctrinated families

the dynasty,
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo

guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo


This guy knows
the amino acids.
He's one of my workers.
I work for him. They're really horrible
beings,
I guess you could say. What's the rate of pay?
Human being juice. What is what?
What?
What's the rate of pay?
Pay?
They believe that it's some kind of a privilege.
We believe that it's some kind of a privilege
to be so, to work for them.
Not a lot of pay.
No, not much.
No, that's no good.
Working conditions are?
Hard.
Broken bones.
Fractures.
One of the
people that worked for the aminos
bruised his liver.
Wow.
Yeah, that was a long, long time ago.
Was that from, you know, maybe a chemical spill or?
Oh, no, no, no.
It was from falling down.
Falling down.
Getting knocked down and whatnot.
The subgenius who was a member of GWAR,
the sex executioner had to quit because he had broken too many cartilages and bones from pratfalls.
Right.
From flopping, even covered with that foam rubber suit.
Oh, yeah.
They, those guys got too banged up.
The first time I saw GWAR, my first thought was, I want to know how their suits smell.
Do they wash them after each show?
And I got my answer.
They do not wash them after each show and they smell worse than you could imagine.
And luckily they must get used to it.
I have never washed my preaching bustier, ever.
Well, I will say that in the amino masks and whatnot, there has been,
well, of course, snot, spit, vomit, blood.
Probably a bit of pus.
I would imagine some pus.
The saddest thing I see at most amino acid shows is when some human walks up to one of the band members
and hands them a beer.
Like, here, sip this beer.
And you're like, you're looking at a thing that has no mouth.
Okay.
What the hell is it?
And each time, whichever way you look at it, it's like, oh, it's a beer.

Whatever amino acid it is, it just looks at it for a long time and looks at the human and looks back at the beer.
What am I supposed to do with that?
And looks at the human like, what the fuck?
And it's more like, okay, if you're stupid enough to give me your beer,
I will appease you by at least faking to drink it for you and wasting it.
So who's, you know.
Sure, I'll take your beer that you paid five bucks for.
Okay.
You're the Bob and they're the Bobbi.
That's the only.
Did you talk to your mother about this?
About Bobbi's?
No.
Heck no.
You know, I haven't talked to my mother about it, but.
And what does she say?
What feedback does she give you about this complaint?
She said the same thing.
What's that?
They cut the bracelet.
There's going to be an alarm that's generated.
That I have problems with my tone of voice.
Okay.
And it's not just your wife trying to manipulate you.
Uh-huh.
My tone is.
That tone doesn't help it get better.
This is Bob talking to Bobbi.




I thought the world.
Yeah.
You can stand up to yourself.
No, he can't.
He's just a head.
With all different tones.
It's just a little doc face.
Oh, no.
Docs.
Docs.
I'm aware that I'm doing it.
John Deere tractor beam.
John Deere tractor beam would be Friday night.
No.

That's Friday.
We're speaking of Saturday, July 4th.
Friday, July 3rd.
What day is it?
I should be counting since there are limited editions.
John Deere tractor beam is scheduled to perform at 815 in the main pavilion following the
Uncostume Ball at 730.
Man down.
Kepp it on Rabbi.
This deal just won and wave has not yet happened.
We'll never know.
Line up.
I'm excited to get this.
I think.
Hey, this is a beach party.
Well, what about the other group that supposedly came, the Tractor Beam?
John Deere Tractor Beam.
They're actually, they're like farmers that were abducted by, well actually by aliens
that live in the desert.
Like the cows, you know, the, uh.
The cow people?
Well, no, the, uh.
Oh, the cow, cow mutilator.
There you go.
Right.
And they happen to have got.
Those guys are authentic hicks because they don't even spell John Deere right.
Well, no, it's, it's, yeah.
They figured out that there was an H in there.
It has three E's.
No, it has three E's in it.
Okay, is there?
God.
I mean, you would think that these hillbillies would at least spell the name of their inspiree
or inspirator right.
Well, they just.
They just finally figured out that it was J-O-H-N, not just J-N.
J-N-D-E-E-E-E.
I think there was five or six E's to begin with and then.
I'll have you know that the trap they build up here is really hard to get.
Look at what your tits do to the feedback.
I mean, look at what your bosom does to the feedback, Pisces.
Hold on.
What are you, what are you doing?
More experiments.
She was leaning over in an unusual way and has the mic tilted up and it's gathering.
Well, what I was doing was.
The sound.
The sound and feeding it back from this cup like cleavage.
What I was trying to do was to get loose.
My camera, where's my camera?
And so the science proceeds.
They're out there.
But when you have on a straight A-line skirt that goes down to your ankles and you're sitting
in the, under the table on the bench, I just had to pull the skirt up to my butt and then
I could get out.
You could have asked me to move.
I could have gotten up and moved.
But then I would have interrupted your thought.
Oh.
You know, we had a question.
I had a thought.
Are the amino acids here?
I know they're not here yet.
Yes.
The question was echoing from the audience, but.
You know, I've, I've, I've come to the realization that the aminos may be the only aliens that
you can really depend on showing up at X Day.
And they don't plan on taking anybody with them.
Well.
In what sense?
In what sense exactly?
I've seen the amino acids movie.
I've seen more of it than most of you have.
And how many stars would you rate it?
Don't want to miss it because you'll enjoy the nightmares that will come for weeks.
And it is for sale as well.
You get to see what's under their masks, sort of.
Yeah.
There's a scene where one of them lifts his, starts to lift his mask up and it's, I don't,
I wouldn't spoil it for you.
It's in 8D.
Of course, obviously no one can gaze upon the face of an amino acid.

And live.
Not to mention Rumble-rama, Sense Around.
And super high animation.
High animation?
Yeah.
Super high animation.
It's a stop motion animation done using only the buttocks to manipulate the stop motion
models.
It's art from what we call the backside of the brain.
The two lobes of the hemisphere viewed.
Viewed from the posterior angle.
Yeah.
Salvador Dali and Curly from the Three Stooges collaborated on a stop motion film.
Oh really?
It was a remake of King Kong.
It was done by Heine Mention.
And he did those covers from the Jackie Gleason Lonesome Echo.
Jackie Gleason Lonesome Echo?
Yeah.
Jackie Gleason and Salvador Dali shaking hands.
Where is my camera?
My still camera?
Oh, you have it.
Oh.
I hope you're catching all this cleavage, Princess Wee.
She's a good wife.
She helps me girl watch.
You just want to zoom in, I think.
Is it my boobs?
It might be.
It was my boobs a minute ago.
Well, but yeah, you were smothering your microphone.
They're like radar domes causing this feedback.
Deer Tractor Beam, Deer Tractor Beam, Deer Tractor Beam, Deer Tractor Beam will be followed
by the concert from the dulcet warbling of Fat Mandy.
The sensation of Pittsburgh.
That's easy to remember in all the gay time.
If you were here last evening, you experienced an incredible show from this particular artist
who is just amazing.
So amazing that we brought her back for another even more special act.
So, we're going to do a little bit of a dance.

We have Fat Mandy.
Thank you, Pisces.
Give it up for Pisces who's putting this all together.
Isn't she beautiful, ladies and gentlemen?
You know, without all y'all coming out this evening, none of this would be necessary.
So, I thank y'all so much for coming out here to X Day.
I'm looking forward to celebrating.
And experiencing the end of the world with each and every one of you.
Thank you so much.
My name is Fat Mandy.
I'm going to rewind my band.
Here we go.
This song is called Dreamland.
Oh, that I met you in dreamland.
There I could have said the thoughts spinning round and round.
Like bees inside my mind.
Sweet honey thoughts and sweet honey dreams.
Warmest summer wine.
Kissing your beautiful lips.
Like the dreams inside not mine.
No one knows how our story goes.
When I keep it inside of me.
Sometimes I wonder what it would be like to pretend that we are free.
Free of the rules.
Free of the plans.
Made by pink folk.
Is it so wrong to love you?
I swear this is no joke.
I wish I'd met you in dreamland.
There we'd always know.
How much I really could love you.
I'm awake, it's time to go.
Cause I'm no lotus eater.
I can't sleep awake.
My dreams they come true.
They come at night.
But when I'm kissing my pillow.
It's you I'm holding so tight.
Try to meet me in dreamland.
That'd be super fun.
If I could meet you in dreamland.
I'd dream you were mine.
Praise Bob ladies and gentlemen and everybody in between.
We have come here to Brushwood.
To Brushwood Folklore Center to await the aliens.
Which will be joining us this evening.
To take us away from all of this pink insanity.
I don't know about your pleasure Dom.
But on mine each and every one of you is gonna be there.
You try to meet me in dreamland.
There our love is pure.
I'll be the one with the roses.
And every.
One of them is yours.
Oh.
Woo!
Woo!
Thank you so much.
It is absolutely a pleasure to sing for you.
Fat Man D.
We had her twice at X Day and then at Starwood.
But only once there.
You might have her at www.fatmand.com.
That's P-H-A-T-M-A-N-D-E-E.com.
Incidentally at subgenius.com you can find numerous photo galleries showing all these X Day peoples and events.
Just go to the events section off the homepage and start poking around.
Now another tradition at X Days is the burning of the Dobbs head.
And the other sacred things like our integrity and our morals.
Atop a big bonfire in the mysterious Brushwood Roundhouse.
Led by yours truly Reverend Stang as recorded on location and heavily edited here.
It's cold.
It's cold and it's dark.
This is the way the future's gonna be friends.
For those who are left on earth.
Cold and dark.
Oh I hear that gasp.
Hey!
Praise Jason!
Fire Master of the Gods!
Yes this is the man who stole the secret of fire from the gods.
Boy is he in trouble.
Ooh la la.
Look at that thing go.
And now we see lit up the fabulous Dobbs head icon representing in simplified form the face of our guru.
Who we sacrifice every year in hopes that maybe this will be the year.
Friends you'll notice in the front here is a replica of Dobbs.
Bob's pipe.
And I don't mean the one up there.
I mean this one down here.
It's full of magnesium.
And if you stick your face in there it will burn forever.
But who cares.
In fact it would probably make a good picture.
Now if any young ladies want to take all of their clothes off.
I'm sure that the fire is now warm enough that you won't catch cold or anything.
Just a suggestion.
Any obese men who want to take their clothes off are welcome too.
Any titties are better than none.
Oh yes.
Friends I want you to know that this round house is a sacred and holy place to the religious pagans who frequent this campground.
And the defiling that we're doing will last at least two or three weeks.
It's going to take a lot of holiness to re-holify this spot.
Music is being provided by rival cult leader Dennis Murphy.
Leader of the cult of the living bull.
Bull!
Bull!
Any other bull shitters want to join me in a chant of bull?
I do!
On three.
One, two, three.
Bull!
Bull!
You are now members of the cult of the living bull congratulations.
That's actually the secretly the coolest cult of them all.
Thank god I'm deaf and can't hear the comments from the peanut gallery.
It's wonderful having a loud horn and deafness.
Everything is so much funnier that way.
Yes it is.
It's amazing how humans will stand around staring at a bright light flickering for no reason.
Now friends, while you're dancing around this big fire, remember that for the last 150,000 years, this was television.
This is what people did instead of watching ER.
I don't know how they did it.
Oh, the Bible, friends, the Bible is about to go in apparently.
This Bible was taken from a Motel 8 last year and replaced with pamphlet number one.
Okay, well when we're finished burning the Bible, we have to burn pamphlet number one.
Yeah, burn it! It's a shit product!
It's funny when you put your glasses on.
It's funny when you put your glasses on.
It's funny when you put your glasses on.
It's funny when you put your glasses on.
Large, large, large, large heads though.
Yes.
Well, and they're all wearing glasses too.
Bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop.
Yes, that pretty much describes the subgeniuses of X-Day Drill 12 in that tiny collage by The Large.
And now we'll take a short break from X-Day for a little excerpt from an audiobook by Terry Pratchett.
A man-at-arms in which the great, if unsaved and unknowing subgenius,
describes a character who embodies...
to me anyway, a not uncommon type of subgenius,
albeit, in this case, a Discworld subgenius.
Foul old Ron was a Beggar's Guild member in good standing.
He was a mutterer, and a good one.
He would walk behind people muttering in his own private language until they gave him money not to.
People thought he was mad, but this was not technically the case.
It was just that he was in touch with reality on the cosmic level,
and had a bit of trouble focusing on things smaller, like other people, walls, and soap.
Although on very small things, such as coins, his eyesight was Grade A.
Therefore, he was not surprised when a handsome young woman streaked past him and removed all her clothes.
This sort of thing happened all the time, although up until now only on the inner side of his head.
Then he saw what happened next.
He watched as the sleek golden shape streaked away.
I told him... I told him... I told him...
He said, I'll give him the wrong end of a ragman's trumpet, so I shall.
I told him... I told him... I told him...
Bugger him, bugger him, millennium-handed shrimp, I told him...
I told him... I told him...
I told him... I told him...
He says he thinks it is mixed up with the murder of Mr. Hammerhock.
He says, talk to the fools.
He says, do it.
Also, please find attached piece of paper.
Captain Vimes says, try it out on the alchemists.
Sergeant Colon stopped reading for a while to curse all alchemists.
Because it is puzzling evidence.
Hoping this fun...
Finds you in good health.
Yours faithfully, Carrot Iron Founderson, CPL.
The sergeant scratched his head.
What the hell did that all mean?
Just after breakfast, a couple of senior jesters from the Fool's Guild had come in to pick up the corpse.
And the whole point was just to talk about X-Day.
Somehow we got off on this, uh, who's dead this week thing, you know, because there were lots of famous people died.
Carl Marldon died the other day.
Marldon.
Yes, Carl Marldon.
Marldon.
Yeah, the, uh...
The coolest nose in the biz.
Don't leave home without it.
Oh, right, right, right.
I won't.
Phineas and Puzzling.
On the pre-X-Day Puzzling Evidence Special, you can acquire those KPFA Berkeley shows from quiveringbrain.com, if you look carefully.
Or from nationalcynical.com.
Likewise, you may have preferred the following from subgenius.com.
I typed this myself, and yet I don't really understand it.
Uh...
Automatic writing.
Five o'clock, uh, no, seven o'clock, lost finale viewing and gang war.
It's written as if those were the same event.
That's...
I took it to mean that the wimps who were lost fanatics, which actually includes me,
uh, would be at Cuigibow Station, uh, arguing while the more, uh, manly, strong, bold, uh,

ballsy characters like Pisces here would be, uh, actually physically duking it out.
I was thinking...
Or whatever.
You know, in subgenius land, gang war could mean a group orgy.
It being, sex being the eternal battle.
Love is a battlefield.
Whatever that means.
So this is starting right now, your, this moment as we speak.
No, that's at seven o'clock.
Oh.
What's starting right now is supposed to be open mic preaching.
Now, I'm not...
I'm having trouble finding replacements just for sitting on your ass preaching.
Uh, every time I...
Even, even Susie gets tired of sitting up here rattling.
But I know that Dr. Howell could talk literally forever if he had an audience.
And I probably could too.
So to prevent that, we need the volunteers.
Well, this, this is the funny thing.
Is that every, every, all the time I hear people swear they're going to rant.
There was a guy named Jim Jones who swore he had a rant one time.
That's right.
Crazy Jim Jones.
That is crazy Jim Jones.
Dude, I can turn the mic on in that pulpit any time.
That's what people told me a number of times.
No, no, no.
Crazy, crazy, crazy Jim Jones.
Friends, you've all heard of Jonestown, the amazing massacre or self-massacre that we've
all been, we're working our way up to.
Bunch of pussies.
We only know that we're going to be there for a few days.



We need about five, 10 times as many people as we're getting at these things and we'll
be.
Anyway, friends, crazy Reverend Jim Jones.
Ladies and gentlemen, children of all ages.
Now, there's some people that heard me talk that say that I sound just a little bit like
Terrence McKenna.
So I think I'm going to have to give you this preface right now so that there aren't any
unrealistic expectations.
Number one.
I will not be telling you that DMT will make you enlightened.
We will not be discussing self-transforming machine elves.
We're not going to be talking about catapulting your mind to somewhere else.
No.
Well, actually, you know, we're probably going to be talking about that, but not with DMT.
No, it's easier for us because all we've got to do is have Bob.
All we need to do is pay our $30 and there you go.
Which speaking of our $30 and since we're here in Brushwood, Starwood's coming soon.
I'll tell you a little story.
I went to Brushwood a couple of years ago and for some reason people thought, you know
what?
I'm just going to tell you what I'm thinking.
I'm just going to walk up to you and tell you exactly what I think.
And so I was sitting there hanging up and this guy walked up to me and he was a dude
with dreadlocks.
And one of the things I've noticed about a dude with dreadlocks is they always seem to
have three pounds of frops and common street marijuana.
And they also seem to be, have women like oozing out of their pockets.

And they're like, oh, that's a horse.
It's kind of nasty, but that seems to be their thing.
So these guys would walk up to me and say, the hair flip by the way is really important.
That shows that that's the way if you didn't doubt their long flowing dreadlocks, sort
of like an antenna to hipness, you know, you'd see them and they'd say, yeah, brother, I
was sitting there smoking like three pounds of hash while this girl was giving me three
blow jobs at once.
And, and.
Oh my God.
And I'd say, you know what, sir, that's nice.
And then somebody else would come and say, yeah, I just had this great spiritual experience
where like my ego dissolved and it was amazing.
And I said, well, and I would say, you know, that's cool.
That's cool.
But I know something better.
I know something much better than that.
And they'd say, no, well, you know, after that I had two pounds of marijuana.
And then.
Oh, my God.
And like I realized that everything's the same brother.
And I said, wow, that's cool.
But I know something better.
And they say, what do you know, son?
And I'd say, yeah, you know, you know, Jr. Bob Dobbs.
That's what I know.
Yes.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
And I said that, you know, I don't need fro.
But it's nice.
I don't need the idea of the pinks burning in an eternal flame.
That will go on for years.
I don't need the
beyonds.
But it's nice.
All I need is that face that.
Yeah.
That face.
That face that's right behind me.
That's beaming on us all right now.
That face that is there with you every day.
It's in your mind now.
It's deep in your mind.
And this gentleman looked at me and said, so you're one of those people.
And I was like, yeah, yeah, I am one of those people.
I'm one of those people that got right with Bob.
And come 1998, July 15th.

7 a.m.
I'm going to be one of those people in the pleasure saucers.
Oh, yes.
Thank you.
Now, I heard that they're not done setting up the shwags, the slack, shwag shack.
Which is fine because that just means people might fight even harder than they would before.
That means that all the Bobbies, which as someone who is a Bobbie.
A professional creepy Bobbie.
I know all about that.
We come from Princeton, New Jersey.
A fine school producing creepy Bobbies for decades by now.
Oh, yes.
Yes, I'm getting the thumbs up from Reverend Stang.
He knows about the creepy Bobbies.
He probably gets emails from the creepy Bobbies.
Oh, yes.
From Princeton.
See?
There you go.
The creepiest.
I mean, it's like something straight out of the Mercs of New Orleans.
Probably creepy Bobbies going.
Give me slack.
Slack.
Is that about right?
I'm guessing so.
That's probably how they sound.
Oh, yeah.
Well, you know, they're thinking, you know, maybe if I just get somebody else's slack.
Maybe if I just get a little closer.
Yes.
And then they try and steal your slack.
But there is a way out.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
I will show you the way.
Oh, yeah.
The way is first to stare at that Dobbs head.
Feel the Dobbs head.
Now, there are some people say that you should get a tattoo of the Dobbs head like on the
inside of your mouth if you're having problems.
That way you know Bob is inside of you, which I've heard the rumors.
Some people, it's their thing.
I myself just prefer to, you know.
I know.
Eyelid porn.
Eyelid under the tongue.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I've heard maybe you might be able to get like, you know, Bob tattooed on the back of
your eyeballs.
Then you see Bob forever.
Oh, that's fantastic.
Oh, yes.
Preach on, preach on.
Preach on.
Want to hear it?
Here it goes.
Testify.
Testify.
I will tell you about how I found Bob.
Yes.
Yes.
There was a time when the Reverend Jim Jones hated Bob.
He looked about Bob and he spat on Bob.
He was like, oh, Bob.







Yes, I was one of them men.
Oh, it was true.
I testify.
I was one of those men that looked back on Bob and said he was one of those people.
I looked at the subgenius and they said they were some of those people.
I know.
I know.
You might want to think that I came screaming out of that womb saying praise Bob with a
Bob t-shirt, but it ain't so.
And I'll tell you, that's a good thing.
A good thing.
Because that means that there are those people, those people that hate Bob.
They hate Bob.

Those people that ain't straight with the way.
Those people that ain't paid their $30.
Those people that don't understand that it's being cool to be a Bobby.
Oh, yeah, I know you're thinking no, but I'll tell you what happened.
I know that, hey, maybe they will as long as they didn't pay their $30.
But we know the pinks are going to burn.
Oh, yeah, we know the pinks are going to burn.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah, don't worry.
I got a story about the pinks.
I got a story about those chemicals.

I got a story about those camouflage pinks.
Those people that you look at, you think, oh, my God, you're the Yeti.
I think I can smell it.
But then when you get talking to them, they open their mouth and they say, Bob, isn't he one of those people?
And if I pay my $30, won't I become one of those people?
And you know what?
They say that and you think, man, maybe if I just hit you in the face enough, maybe if I do that, then you'll see.
And then all they see is blunt force trauma.
And that means they won't give their $30.
But anyhow, in this story, I was sitting there hanging up.
There were these people who were supposed to be the Rastafarians.
And I thought, okay, sure, sure.
You know, I understand that if I stay with subgeniuses too much, then, you know, the crazy will get worse.
Things will start getting weird.
I know.
I know.
And I thought, maybe I'm out.
Maybe I'm out.
Even when I preach the gospel, although the last time I did that, people's heads exploded.
It got real nasty.
Well, you know, when you start getting used to start feeling the presence of Bob, when you start feeling it, when you start feeling it in your spleen, in your soul, when you feel it in your wallet, when you feel it in your wallet and you want to give, the thing is not everybody can handle that.
They're thinking, I need this money for this or this.
Or if I get this, then I'll be happy.
If I get a Porsche, then I'll be happy.
When all they need to do is spend that 30 bucks and get straight with Bob, and then they will be happy.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Praise Bob, indeed.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
But back to the original story, which was how I became a subgenius.
You see, I had gone far off the path, and I had gone crazy.
Hence the first part of my name, Crazy Reverend Jim Jones.
It is a testament to when I was a pink myself.
Oh, yes.
When I hadn't awakened to my Yeti potential.
Oh, yeah.
Wake it up.
Well, wake it up, and then I'll be walking it off.
Now, I was sitting there, and they put me in a bad place.
They put me in a mental home, and I was in the crazy house.
And I was sitting there, and I was praying, and I was praying to Shiva or Tara, whoever, and I was sitting there praying away.
And who should come?
Who should come but Bob.
And I say, Bob, dude, what are you doing here?
I said, Tara.
I didn't say Bob.
I said, Tara.
You ain't got two tits.
You ain't got nine arms.
And he's like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No, seriously.
Seriously, seriously, seriously.
She ain't coming, but I can help you out for the low, low rate of $30.
He helped me out, and he can help you out, and then everything will be okay.
And that is my rant.
Thank you very much.
Good night.
Woo!
Yeah!
Praise Reverend Jim Jones.
That's what we need.
More useful Hour of Slack material.
It's nice they didn't have too much cussing.
That saves me a lot of work.
I wish I could remember to do that.
.
What do you call the number on your phone?
.
You.
.
.
You.


.
.
.
You.
.
.

Got it.
15 from subgenius.com
or
P.O. Box 181417
Cleveland Heights, Ohio
44118. Praise
Bob from whom all messings
flow. The last thing you will hear
is by the large, and remember
it's never too late.
Well, yes, it is getting rather late
in the day here for some of us.
Alright, well, perhaps it's time for us to sign
off then and bear the
beef fondue to our
subgenius audience.
Well,
I'm not
certain that I was suggesting it, but
merely echoing the possibility
that we might discontinue our
award-winning broadcast and
resume at the next conveniently
available time.
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...

...
