Answer every one of your prayers.
And I said, come on, Bob.
There are a lot of my prayers that go unanswered.
He said, no, he will answer every one of your prayers.
The first answer he gives you is the one that you don't want to hear.
The Self-Genius Hour of Swatch.
If you are having fun, then you are sinning, you heathen.
Pleasure is the root of all evil.
Here, Satan's also known as Bid to capture your soul.
Do I have to swallow my gun and blow my head off to get you heathens to listen?
The Lord God Almighty is great and should be feared.
Christ would do a double flip over his cross.
Lust for death.
Fear is wrath.
Fear for love.
Fear pleasure.
You police, men must stop beating and butt-raping these young black youths.
You swine heathens.
Chopping down weeds and burning them in satanic rituals.
Satanic power rituals.
Lust of power, the evil seed.
Poor huddled masses.
We will save you wretched from your death.
Your life.
Your death.
You are listening.
To the church of the new faith.
Send money.
P.O. Box 9152.
Virginia Beach, Virginia.
2-3-4-5-0.
By any chance you would make a mistake to try to come in and take any one of us.
We will not let you.
You will die.
You will have to take anybody over all of our dead bodies.
Stay away.
I now exercise the full country spirit.
Stay away.
I now exercise the full country spirit.
I will take my own family and then take my own life and become God.
Son of you need your religious doctrine ripped out of your brain.
All across the country there's people just like you.
Set out to destroy human life.
Holy Mary, Mother of God, pray for us sinners now that they are who they are.
Are there other cults in America with tragic potential?
She loved a puttin' on you.
She loved a puttin' on you.
She loved a puttin' on you.
She loved a puttin' on you.
Heal my toe, honey.
Heal my back.
Heal my bottom.
But don't you heal my mind, because my mind is too sick.
Sex, violence, suicide, and Satanism.
And I pray to God that you stay away.
I now exercise the most unseen spirit.
Stay away.
Stay away.
For God's sake, let's get on with it.
We've lived.
We've lived.
There's no other people who've lived and loved.
We've had as much of this world as you're gonna get.
Let's just be done with it.
Let's be done with the agony of it.
I got me some big plans.
And it doesn't matter how guilty you may seem.
How many terrible things you may have done.
Jesus Christ says, come with me.
Come with me.
How guilty you may seem.
Stay away.
I have my own life.
He broke your friend.
I don't wanna be.
I don't wanna be.
I don't wanna be.
Stay away.
I have my own life.
I broke your friend.
He was a sacrifice.
I wished to murder three million people with my own dirt.
I now exercise the most unseen spirit.
You did call up the only one who's not in danger.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.









I know.
You and I get mad.

We're just playing so fuck whoever got him.
If you said you wanted to kill me, you never will.

I'm not nitpicking, I swear.
I don't know why Quick and Sarah left.

Jay lived in San Francisco two years ago.




recognise where this is.
shin Swiss.
If you use sheeps.


Tell me about the dragon.
Yeah.
It stems from malaria.
Uh, lay this stone down.
on the Illuminati.
As with Adolf Hitler.
Can anybody tell me what's wrong with this picture?
The Negroids in New York City.
Yeah, well, hey, I'm really sorry.
On the Illuminati.
Think about it.
The Negroids in New York City.
Well, it's also flapping after a Jew there.
The Negroids in New York City.
All you prove, you freakos,
is that you all belong in a padded cell.
What do you mean?
The Rosicrucians, the Great White Brotherhood,
the High Secret Orders.
Hitler, you shall be in this.
You must have faith.
Faith and power, secret power.
Men who guard the trust from the deepest inside
of the Watchmaker Corridor.
Men who are one club, chained together by one purpose,
one idea.
The mankind's champions.
And the new Polacks are meetin'.
Flapping after Jews there.
Oh, Savior, how great is the day?
Oh, Savior, how great is the day?
Can anybody tell me what's wrong with this picture?
There ain't a chicken shack or a rib joint within miles.
What are the implications of all this, Phil?
The Jews control the prayer block, Moe.
Yeah, well, hey, I'm really sorry.
God had him on the way.
God had him on the way.
They had him on the way to march down the street to the graveyard.
No.
Disgusting vermin came out of the closet.
They came out of the closet, out into the open.
They marched down the street, but they didn't know it.
But God had him on the way to march down the street to the graveyard.
Lord.
May.
You give.



Now, Lord, now, Lord, now, Lord.
When praying days are over on the other side of the river.
Yeah.
Receive it on the last step.
In Jesus' name we pray.
In Jesus' name we pray.
In Jesus' name we pray.
Think about it.
Oh, yes, praise Bob, dear friends.
What an amazing couple of mixes there.
Well, actually, first we heard from Church of New Faith.
And then we heard from, well, those two?
Two musical, semi-musical, lovely mixes there were indeed by Brain Rot West
from their cassette Radio Shorts.
One of their Radio Shorts cassettes,
which includes Apocalypse Now, the opera,
and The Totally Realistic Children.
I'm going to give their address for information about Radio Shorts.
Dear friends, please write to
got that pencil ready?
Wes Jenkins at 2935 Van Ness Avenue.
That's 2935 Van Ness Avenue, number nine.
In San Francisco, California, 94109.
94109.
2935 Van Ness Avenue, number nine.
In San Francisco.
In San Francisco.
I now realize that I was walking up and down
and probably right past their place
shuffling mindlessly with no sleep at all
while going to and from the layout place
and the linotype place
while working on our new subgenius book, Revelation X,
which should be due to hit the world around November 18th.
And yes, dear friends, you are listening once again
to the subgenius radio ministry Hour of Slack,
that great umbrella of mutation,
which may contain such things as Church of New Faith
and Radio Shorts, Brainwashed West,
and the Swingin' Love Corpses and the Doctors for Bob
and the Word of Bob and tonight,
some more news of the weird
from Chuck Shepard's wonderful newsletter.
And I think I'll start with this bit of news
from the continuing crisis.
Friends, in November, Dr. Avi Ben-Abraham,
president of the American Cryogenic Society,
told an audience in Washington,
D.C. that several high-ranking Roman Catholic church leaders
support human embryo cloning
despite the church's public stance against such research.
According to Ben-Abraham,
those church leaders hope to reproduce Jesus Christ
from DNA fibers found on the Shroud of Turin.
Well, I think that's a notice like Jurassic Park,
you know, reweave the DNA and bring them right back to life.
But what if it isn't?
Jesus, my friends, they haven't ascertained.
Last I heard, it was paint from the 14th century.
But what if they cloned the paint creature,
whatever weird prehistoric warthog the blood was taken from
to make that paint?
Or what if it wasn't?
What if it's a recent hoax?
What if it is the blood of none other than Adolf Hitler?
As that very fact is described in our book,
Three-Fisted Tales of Bob, a Nenslow theory there.
Anyway, back to news of the weird.
Interviewed by Mother Jones,
William Stickney, a director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency
under President Bush,
revealed that their nuclear disaster plans
called for the evacuation of Congress and top government officials,
but not him.
He said he would have been among those expected to be,
in the Federal Emergency Management Agency's term,
cindered.
In May, at a cable news network conference,
on the impact of TV on indigenous peoples,
the Ted Turner-owned World Championship Wrestling Organization,
whose TV programs are beamed worldwide,
was criticized by a Malaysian tribal spokesman.
Our value system has changed,
said Anderson Mutang Urud, a Sarawak Indian,
in that young people no longer revere their elders,
but rather revere Ted Turner wrestlers,
such as...
Nature Boy Rick Flair.
Yes, friends, Nature Boy Rick Flair becomes
the new god of the Sarawak Indians.
Sad but true.
Oh, let's listen to this little Wendy Carlos piece.
I think this is the part I love so much of the building of, too.
Oh, no, it's not.
No, it's not. I just realized.
It's a lovely little arpeggio,
but that's not the totally psychedelic part I was thinking of.
Oh, let's say, further news of the weird.
Lead story.
In May, the Michigan Court of Appeals
affirmed a lower court decision dismissing
Richard Overton's $10,000 1991 lawsuit
against Anheuser-Busch for false advertising.
Overton, the overman,
said he suffered physical and mental injury
and emotional distress
because the implicit problem of the law was that he was a man.



I wonder if these promises in the company's advertisements,
especially of success with women,
did not come true for him when he drank their product.
And besides that,
he sometimes got sick when he drank.
Well, now come on, pal.
Sure, it's a, you know,
I mean, it's a narcotic drug
dispensed by the conspiracy
to make us all stupid
and quit complaining about their crimes.
But, you know, I mean,
you ought to believe that.
be sued for believing the advertising.
In May, Dayton, Ohio government officials warned the Spirit of Life Christian Center
that its upcoming immoral book burning ceremony could not take place because its municipal
pollution control permit allowed it to burn only clean, dry wood, and not filthy, wet
pornography, or rock and roll albums.
According to statistics compiled by the Los Angeles Daily News, 46% of convicted sex offenders
in California, including 20% of convicted rapists, never spend a day in prison.
They either get probation or to terms of less than a year in county jails.
The average prison term for the other 54% of sex offenders is three and a half years.
Is it worth it, man?
In April, officials at the Sedgwick County
Zoo in Wichita, Kansas, asked the city to remove a fire hydrant from the yard in which
its camel, Tomolock, is housed.
They had to get rid of the fire hydrant because the camel's would-be mate died last year,
and Tomolock has turned his affections to the hydrant, rubbing against it vigorously
at all hours, said keeper Julie Fritt.
If it's during public hours, I just go hide somewhere.
What can I say?
The camel doesn't have a life.
And John Luckett, age 70, did not luck it out when he collapsed and died of a heart
attack after too vigorously heckling gun control activist Sarah Brady during her speech in
Ohio.
Yeah, guns don't kill people.
Heart attacks...
Dur...
Uh...
Vigorous heckling gun control activists kills people.
And that's from News of the Weird.
Actually, I've got some more wonderful News of the Weird coming up, but I'll go ahead
and give their address.
You should write for information from Chuck Shepherd, P.O.
Box 8306.
That's Box 8306, St. Petersburg, Florida.
33738.
That's it once again in St. Petersburg, Florida.
33738.
And I've got some wonderful stuff to read to you later from The Jewel in the Lotus,
a fantastic history of sexual practices in the Middle East and the mysterious Orient
during the pre... well, before the turn of the century.
Oh, here... this is so pretty coming up in here.
Now, put your headphones on and you'll be able to hear the sound of the music.

And you'll hear a giant wheel spinning around your head.
That's just a turn of music playing.
I think that's the buzz you want.

Whew...
How do you feel?




No, that's not what I mean...




spinning around your head.
Kudos to these uwu comics.


But you can't 일 onto the trip threatening our lives, I don't think.
I heard a took Fli Sic Rabakali
You can play.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
seeking dogs, though they don't know why.
They don't know why.
So if you like to gamble,
come take a little ramble.
Just step right up and
tell me I'm your man.
Gonna be with you in Bobstown,
in Sidney and all his dobs down.
When we all go down,
down in subgenius land.
Hurry, hurry.
Ladies and gentlemen, come to the
subgenius land carnival of grotesques
and oddities for one time.
Ten cents, one thin
tenth part of a dollar admission to the
cage of kids. You will see
two-ton Tessie, the ugliest thing on the
midway, see her twirl her
tassels. Grown men, blanch,
and young boys lose the
desire to continue with puberty when
this horrific sight of nature is revealed.
Oh, my.
Hey, that's my butt.
Billy, you are not going in there.
Come away right now.
Oh, but it looks me,
the in person. I want to see
you.
I don't care to tell.
I want to see you, the two-headed snake, Aunt Bertha.
Now, boys, you know
that it says in the Bible,
he who lookest upon the two-headed
geek becomes himself
a horrible freak.
One of us, one of us, one of us,
one of us.
And so,
Aunt Bertha and the children left
the fairgrounds, sadder,
but perhaps a little wiser.
For they understood
that Jehovah
won in his majesty
and put the carnival there in the first
place just to teach
them that lesson.
I hope you
like this story, boys and girls.
If you would like a free picture
of me in the buff or in
a compromising position,
write to Aunt
Bertha,
Dial A. Rubab,
Box 17,
Grand Dragon,
Ku Klux Klan.
Good luck.
Goodbye now.
She has been locked in the attic.
I'm being tortured.
Folks, the Aunt Bertha program
is brought to you by your donations and interest.
We couldn't do it without you.
Remember, Aunt Bertha herself,
as she looks down from her perch in heaven,
sees everything you do
and knows what is in your secret heart.
That's right, everything.
Guests of Aunt Bertha stay at the
Poshworth Motel.
Not that she can do anything about it,
but she views
all human sin
and clucks
over the predicament
of errant humanity.
Meanwhile, down on Earth,
Uncle Charlie now helms
the Children's Bible Hour.
And Aunt Bertha is only
a fading memory
in the gaps between the stars
and in the starlight
or under the bright rays
of the moon.
Some say
the spirit of Aunt Bertha
floats between heaven and earth
like a cloud,
floating
in the sky
forever.
Aunt Bertha,
could you please
thank you,
thank you very much.
Aunt Bertha,
you're struggling.
Aunt Bertha,
you're struggling.
Oh, my.
Last call, people.
Last call.
Drink up.
Time to go.
It's a silly thing,
but she just
keeps coming on.
Lights out.
Come on.
I'm sorry.
I don't make the rules.
No, you may not order again.
Oh, my.
Bye-bye.
How sweet.
How sweet it is
to tend the babe
that, uh,
well, um...
You know, I can't really
hear these callers,
but sometimes I wonder
if they have the
best interest
of our program at heart.
Well, we have it at this point.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Listen to them laugh
in simple joy.
Ha, ha, ha.
You know,
it is because I,
Dr. Howell,
choose to reveal
to the world
these ukebalaponga
herbal secrets
that my course
in success
in real estate
is possible.
Well, it comes to me
I can eat more fiber
in your diet.
Well, if you just
eat a ball of fiber,
you can go to work.
String, what's that?
The other caller is shouting something?
I want to make a million bucks.
There we go.
You want to make a million bucks.
Well, why stop at a million?
How about a billion?
Maybe you'd like 10 million or maybe even 10 billion.
You could be as rich as Ross Perot and Donald Trump.
Just jump into this cage with a giant, ferocious, half-starved lion.
Tiger man! Tiger man!
Behind one of these doors, there is a beautiful lady,
and behind the other, a man-eating tiger.
Never get off the boat. Never get off the boat.
Got to remember. Got to remember. Never get off the boat.
Your success in real estate and business practices
depends on which door you will choose.
What's that? Buxom woman, don't you usually have buxom women around here?
That's right, but I tell you, it's behind one of the doors,
and there's a slavering, drooling tiger on the other side of this other door.
Okay, well, let's see.
Eeny, meeny, miny, moe.
No, wait, no, don't casually make this important choice.
This is something you need to think about.
Oh, dear. Well, he had a tiger in his tank.
I guess you caller who's left,
you realize the other door contains my buxom assistant.
Oh, my God, look at the tiger dragging him around by the eye sockets.
That's really disgusting.
Boy, look at him flop and twitch.
No, tiger.
Tiger just kind of likes to play with him,
and we'll settle down and eat him after a while,
and when he delivers the coup de grace,
the other caller will stop suffering,
and we can go on with...
Oh, gee.
Wow, opened him up like a can of beans.
Oh, good.
Let me out of my gallery now.
And thus it is to all who call
without truth, courage, and justice in their hearts.
For in order to speak on this radio program,
the caller must be equipped with the shield of truth
and the sword of ultimate justice.
Truth decay.
And he must be wrapped in the cape of, uh...
Good sanitary practices.
More death and horror in five minutes.
Hooray.
Hooray.
Hooray.
Hooray.













Oh, absolutely astounding there from Radio Shorts.
Brainrot West, that piece that Wes Jenkins gave us.
Beautiful, dear friends.
I believe we gave their address earlier.
And before that, of course, a nice long stretch of Dr. Howell.
How hilariously horrible.
Dr. Howell on KPFA in Berkeley.
Unbelievable.
And thanks also to his callers.
You know, I was listening to that cartoon music sample there by Radio Shorts for the first time.
The same time you were hearing it.
Well, you'll hear it on a tape after me.
But I was hearing it for the first time just now.
And anyway, where are we on the show?
Well, I think actually...
It's time probably to whip that out and whip this in.
And I want to read to you, dear friends, from The Jewel in the Lotus.
And whatever we don't get done on this side, we'll just continue with the next side.
The Jewel in the Lotus, this amazing historical document here.
Just a random sampling.
Did you know?
That aphrodisiacs were administered with art in India, but with poisonous effects in Egypt.
One private soldier, a felah, or Egyptian peasant, sluiced with barbarous potions, ran amok,
and raped nearly all his company in barracks at Cairo.
He had to be shot down like a rabid dog.
But such cases recurred, and with such violence,
that men preferred to oblige rather than resist.
The Jewel in the Lotus




A little Nathan Vinson there, from right here in Dallas.
Well, we'll continue with The Jewel in the Lotus,
this romantic manual and history of orgasmic nature.
Did you know that for immediate excitation,
the Persians were notorious for their use of...
the waujong, the anointed battle root, or artificial phallus.
This, generally made of wood, was first dipped in olive oil,
then sprinkled with fine pepper and ground nettles.
Worked in, it produced instantaneous results.
Cowudge, a hairy pod known for its aphrodisiac effects,
was the delight of Hindus seeking such stimulation.
When rubbed upon the penile skin, it provoked a prurient itch,
accompanied by swelling and throbbing.
Sometimes the skin twitching, intensified by friction,
reached such an extreme as to drive witless users of the drug
to suicide or self-mutilation.
Virgins going to sacrifice were said to rub it upon themselves,
to counteract pain.
Hairy insects and strange varieties of plants were also used for similar purposes.
Frequently, these aphrodisiacs proved toxic and brought on frightful skin afflictions,
which in time spread over the entire body and ended in death.
In some individuals, the furious priapism it induced
lingered even after death.
Some masochistic Brahmins provoked a bee to sting their virile part
before engaging in copulation,
not only benefiting by increased turgescence,
but reveling in the, to them, pleasurable pain.
Ooh la la, friends.
You know, people think the ancients were square.
No way, not a bit of it.
You know, the famed Huli and Diwali,
that is, the spring and autumnal fiestas, as you know,
inflamed the normally mild, sober Hindu into a lustful satyr.
Two- and three-foot red-daubed wooden phalli were strapped to men's waists,
rushing and shrilling about the streets.
They clutched and wielded them, brandished them in the motions of Khoi-shian,
poking them at people right and left and chanting obscene.
During the festival of Shiva-rautri, the night of the lingam,
men and women flocked to the temples in order that they might participate
in the ceremonies honoring Mahadeva.
In emulation of Lord Shiva, these rituals invariably terminated
in indiscriminate and frenzied Khoi-shian.
Well, it sounds like the latest subgenius convention.
The Indians supposed that consecrating the Lord Shiva
to the consecrated venery between Mahadeva and Mother Kali
would not alone replenish her needs, assuage her lust,
glut her seething desire.
Blood, streams of blood, she must subsist on human life.
Late at night, during the Huli and just before the torrential bursting of the storm in 1857,
fanatical Hindus rushed from their houses.
They moved frantically ere time caught them dead.
Down they stampeded to the banks of the Ganges,
where they stripped themselves and rubbed their bodies and foreheads with ashes of cow dung.
They feverishly molded footlong lingams of red clay and they fell prostrate before them.
Some shook violently. There were tears in their eyes.
They dreaded the insidious bloodthirsty power of the Black Goddess.
They cleansed their idols with holy water, fondled them and kissed the sand before them,
and pressed their foreheads into the coarse yellow loam.
Not a few sat moaning in fetid shallows.
Some submerged themselves.
Many offered their own seed in libation to Mother Ganges,
then abandoned the hallowed stream to smear clay all over their bodies,
caking it especially around their secret parts for purification and protection.
Protection against Kali, mistress of castration and impotence.
The Hindus believed there was a jack for every jill,
and keeping company and propagating with partners of the proper type and caste
were supposed to ensure fulfillment of desire and perfect harmony.
Nothing seemed more incongruous or defiling than an elephant woman mating with a rabbit man
or a lotus woman coupling with a stallion man.
Each normally held the utmost contempt for the other.
Just like today, dear friends, you know, things haven't changed hardly a bit.
Why, let's see, here's some stuff about prostitution in the name of the jihad, the holy war.
Even the sultan's daughters had to go out and take care of business.
Sometimes eunuchs would sneak into the harem.
Well, the eunuchs were already in the harem,
but young men would pretend to be eunuchs in order to get into the harem.
But when their secret parts were out,
and the eunuchs descended or whatever,
then, of course, the inflamed females applied the knives to her paramour's body.
The moment her fingernails gouged his scrotal area,
the Persian female relished.
Orgasm.
And it gets pretty frightening here.
Where's my very favorite part?
Uh, it's unbelievable.
Ah, yes, here we go.
Yes, it seems the Turks, the evil Turks, were indeed frightening.
The Russians at the Battle of...
Wait a minute, I've got to bring that music right out.
This is too weird.
The Russians at the Battle of Crimea and the Plevna
got an unpleasant taste of the bashi-bazook,
whose procedure on killing a man was to take full sexual advantage of the spasms of certain areas.
With horror, the Russians beheld that familiar flagrancy on a Turkish battlefield.
The, quote, bestial Turks, their pantaloons down,
working heatedly upon the freshly slain.
When hesitantly asked about the situation,
about this horrible desecration of human beings by a certain war correspondent,
the indifferent Turk characteristically replied,
It is to be sure, effendi, a most devilish matter of expert timing.
Together with the gypsies of the Deccan,
there were also sects of pariah women,
adorers of ghastly Kali,
called she-wolves and pae-dogs,
who hunted men in bands.
Like the Bakantes of Greece,
their aim was to spring upon the unwary traveler
and sacrifice him to the dark mother of destruction.
Torture and sapphic rape were the usual preliminaries
to a death involving disembowelment, decapitation,
and genital dismemberment.
A common method of torment employed by the tiger women
was that of slowly and persistently,
let us say, treating their service,
taking care of their victim to the point of senselessness,
all the while assailing his ill-fated limb
with vellicating oils and hairy pods
that engendered irritable constriction and desire.
Well, you know, it's very, it's very,
oh, wait a minute, what is this?
I'm just skimming.
I'm skimming the tiny print on this document.
The Turk ruled the Arab,
for there thrived in him savage ambition.
The Arab possessed sub-genius,
oh, no, I'm sorry, subtle genius,
but the Turk had keen emotional drives.
Public declarations were placarded as to physical measurements,
and the overawed subjects were therefore obliged
to submit to the Turk's power.
Power!
For the Arabs, like the Hindus,
held an uncanny, perhaps instinctive reverence for the phallus.
It was the co-generator of human existence,
a vigorous fikundate symbol of power.
Certain Eastern women even adorned their garments
with phallic tassels to show how many men they had slept with,
and just as with the hallowed dervish or venerable Sufi,
in some areas it was considered virtuous
for a young wench to be penetrated by an eminent Turk.
The same honor and dignity were thus bestowed upon any new addition
to the Turkish harem of a wealthy bey or pasha,
and upon the eve of consummation,
crowds gathered outside the residency
to drive away evil genies
and cheer the couple on to fruitful mitochondrial orgasms.
And there's things about peppercorns being thrust into the well,
and parchment serving as a target when they were spewed out,
and like tiny grape shot blasts,
bets were often placed,
and every strike counted for.
Well, it's, yes, I have to carefully go through these things
before I can read them.
I'll read them on the air to you friends,
as much as I'd like to.
Now, in News of the Weird,
there was some interesting material recently from the Arab world.
Let's see, ah, yes.
A January Associated Press report from the Gaza Strip
described recent sentences handed down
by one of the best known local religious arbiters.
Most Gazans, you see, boycott the Israeli-run court system
and opt for private arbitration.
And here are some of the punishments
for things that the bad, ah, Palestinians or whatever do.
A man who winks at a woman and says,
Hey, beautiful,
should pay the woman's family about $2,500
and have his eye gouged out.
As punishment for rape,
a rapist must ride an oiled camel from his house to the victim's,
and upon arrival, he must submit to having cut off
any part of his body that has oil on it.
A murderer's family was ordered to pay
either a large amount of money to the victim's family
or a smaller amount, plus the use of a woman
to bear a son to replace the victim.
Oh.
Oh, here's some nude stories.
In Indiana, over a six-week period in March and April,
four different men were involved in public incidents while naked.
Indiana must be a swinging place.
A nude man set fire.
In a Michigan City outlet store,
a man pumped gasoline while nude at a Lebanon, Indiana station.
A nude man claiming to be a pizza deliverer
roamed an Indianapolis apartment complex,
coincidentally injuring his groin while fleeing
as he unsuccessfully attempted to leap a fence.
And a man left nude photos of himself
in a Sullivan, Indiana State Park men's room.
All but the gasoline pumper,
while the copes were apprehended.
A recent semi-official student pamphlet
of George Mason University
in Fairfax, Virginia explained that
freedom from discrimination includes
gay and lesbian's rights not to be stood
too far away from
during conversations with straights,
as well as minority students' right
not to have white students act surprised
when a minority student performs a task well.
The Los Angeles Daily News reported in April
that the city's Department of Building and Safety
has ordered an adult nightclub to remove its stage,
which was built as a large shower
where nude dancers could cavort for customers' enjoyment.
Authorities said the shower was not wheelchair accessible
for disabled nude dancers.
Although no such dancers have come forward.
However, they had to destroy their stage
because it wasn't PC enough
for the disabled nude wheelchair dancers.
And I'll probably get in trouble for saying that.
And, uh, let's see.
Oh, here's a guy who just can't seem to walk past a ladder
without stealing it.
He keeps getting caught for stealing ladders.
Interesting news of the weird.
Joseph Randall Davis was committed for mental treatment
in August by a judge in Knoxville
after he was charged with burglary
and driving under the influence.
While in custody, Davis had insisted that he is a cat,
that he be allowed to live in the woods,
and that he wear gloves at all times
because of his dangerous claws,
and also because he believes his hands will fall off
unless they are protected.
And, uh, in a way, he's a man of his word.


In Warren, Ohio...
In Warren, Ohio,
Trumbull County Jail inmate Lisa Lane, 33,
serving time for destruction of property,
was separated from other inmates
because of her penchant
for what she said were religious reasons
for removing her clothes
and spreading a feces over her body.
Uh...
Uh...
Francis Bobnar of Adamsburg, Pennsylvania
filed a lawsuit against the Pennsylvania Lottery Commission
claiming she and her family members
have spent over $150,000 on lottery tickets
in the last 10 years,
but have never won.
Well, imagine that.
And Bernadette French, 36,
won a $1 million lawsuit
against...
against the Wilmington, Delaware Hospital.
French, who suffers from manic depression,
gouged her own eyes out
and then claimed the hospital staff
was negligent in allowing that to happen.
You know, friends,
people just can't take responsibility anymore.
There was a cell block fight
between suspected murderers
Colin Ferguson and Joel Rifkin
at the Nassau County Jail in New York.
Ferguson was using a telephone
and told Rifkin to be quiet.
According to the Nassau County Jail,
Ferguson told Rifkin,
I wiped out six white devils
and you only killed women.
Rifkin originally responded,
Yeah, but I had more victims.
Ferguson then allegedly
punched Rifkin in the mouth.
Dear friends, truly,
these are
the end times.
The city walls are burglars
to all Satan's monsters.
Angels throw bibles
and even the gargoyles
try to evade the airspace
over the city of God.
The word of God,
God rips the limbs off of Satan's invaders.
This is why hell smells of rotting flesh.
This is why hell is thick
with the wailing screams
of livid torsos.
This is why in hell
none can ever die into oblivion
so that man can kill, kill, kill
and kill again into obscenity.
God damn the push of man.
God damn the...
Horror.
You must make a friend of horror.
Horror.
You must make a friend of horror.


Horror.
Terminate...
Terminate...
Terminate extreme prejudice.
I'm a little man...
I'm a little man...
I'm a little man...
He's a great man!
I'm a little man...
He's a great man!
I should call...
There's been a pair of ragged claws scuttling across floors of silent seas.
Never get out of the boat.
Never get out of the boat.
Even close.
If you can keep your head when all about you're losing, there's a blame on you if you can trust yourself.
You must make a friend of horror.
He's in command here.
He's a great man. I'm a little man. I'm a little man.
He's a great man. Do you know he's in command here?
Terminate. Terminate. Terminate with extreme prejudice.
Terminate. Terminate. Terminate with extreme prejudice.
Terminate with extreme prejudice.
Horror.
Victory.
Horror.
Victory.
I didn't see any message at all.
If you can keep your head when all about you're losing, there's a blame on you if you can trust yourself.
You must make a friend of horror.
Do you know he's in command here?
Horror.
Victory.
He's a great man. I'm a little man. I'm a little man.
Horror.
He's a great man. Do you know he's in command here?
Horror.
Nobody to take a chance with us.
Horror.
Nobody to take a chance with us.
Terminate. Terminate. Terminate with extreme prejudice.
Terminate.
But on your radio, lady, lady, oh.
Horror.
But on your radio, lady, lady, oh.
Radio Shorts.
Yes, dear friends, a little last-minute piece there from Radio Shorts.
We gave that address earlier, Brain Rock West.
That one's called Apocalypse Now Opera.
And it is a now.
That is a wonderfully now opera.
And, well, I'm not sure where we go from here.
Perhaps now is the time to give the Church of the Subgenius a mailing address.
And, of course, we have to have just exactly the right music with that.
This little CD can possibly keep up.
You got that pencil ready, my friends.
I want you to just sit down and write that letter requesting free information
from the Church of the Subgenius by merely addressing
that thing to Bob.
That's right.
Just Bob is good enough.
At Post Office Box 140306.
That's right.
It's Box 140306 in beautiful Dallas, Texas.
75214.
And, as you know, we always say that a second time
because it's so important to us that you be exposed to the word of that man,
Bob.
And that is, once again, Bob at Post Office Box.
P.O. Box 140306.
Dallas, Texas.
75214.
Where you can learn more about the many, many tapes and books and everything.
You know, every damn gimmick you could think of
that some religious nuts would try to sell to you.
Well, friend, we will sell it.
We will.
Sooner or later, sell it to you.
Because we love you so.
We love you.
This is mighty Papadopoulos.
Home of the...
Home of the...
Home of the Flunky's football team.
And the world's largest robot corncob sorting plant.
This is also the home of Blobco Industries.
I'm proud to be on this show.
Proud to be broadcasting for Dobbs.
And proud to be an American.
Proud...
I love you.
I love America and all Americans.
Okay, we can't see for the bomb's early fright
That too loudly we retch in the toilet
Blaspheming whose clogged pipes and dark smears
Throw the vomitous night
Where the hamsters were splashed
Are rebellantly steaming
And the rockets appear
On the charts every year
More pro we've become
All we hate and we fear
Oh, shame must that scar strangle
Oh, shame must that scar strangle
Yammer get waved
In the land where they pee
On an old hobo's grave
On an old hobo's grave
On an old hobo's grave
On an old hobo's grave
Boys and girls, did you ever hear a mouse or a robin talk?
No? Well, neither did I.
But then, I don't understand mouse and robin language.
Dear son,
You ask my reaction to long hair or beards on young people.
Some great men have worn long hair and beards,
George Washington and Abe Lincoln.
If to you long hair and beards are a thing,
If to you long hair and beards are a thing,
If to you long hair and beards are a thing,
If to you long hair and beards are a thing,
If you believe in your heart that the principles of this country,
our heritage,
is worthy of this display of pride,
that all men shall remain free,
that free men at all times shall not inflict
their personal limitations of achievements on others,
to demand your own rights as well as the rights of others,
and be willing to fight for this right,
you have my blessing.
You ask that I not,
judge you merely as a teenager to judge you on your own personal habits
abilities and goals this is a fair request and I promise I will not judge
any person only as a teenager if you will constantly remind yourself that
some of my generation judges people by their race their belief or the color of
their skin and this is no more right than saying all teenagers are drunken
dope addicts or glue sniffers if you will judge every human being on his own
individual potential I will do the same you ask me if God is dead this is a
question each individual must answer within himself with a warm summer day
with all its brightness all its sound all its exhilarating breathiness just
happen God is love remember that God is a guide and not a stormtrooper
remember that God is a guide and not a stormtrooper
realize that many of the past and present generation because of a well
intention but unjustifiable misconception have attempted to
legislate morality this created part of the basis for your generations need to
rebel against our society with this knowledge perhaps your children will
never ask is God dead I sometimes think that much of mankind is attempting to
work him to death you ask my opinion of draft cards
burners I would answer this way all past wars have been dirty unfair immoral
bloody and second-guessed however history has shown most of the necessary
if you doubt that our free enterprise system in the United States is worth
protecting if you doubt the principle on which this country was founded that we
remain free to choose our religion our individual endeavors our method of
government if you doubt that each free enterprise system is worth protecting if you doubt that each free enterprise system is worth protecting if you doubt that each free
enterprise system is worth protecting if you doubt that each free enterprise system is worth protecting if you doubt that each free who would purchase it every private
individual in this great country should rebuild commensurate only with his own
individual in this great country should rebuild commensurate only with his own
efforts and then it's doubtful that you
should Prince sealed order to her
governments are still extensively
kind ofDeleiche
whether day is dead or not

will wait until end of the 19 were just
love it can't handle your
ALL REINCOME
will fill the house
ALL REINCOME
and you do not feel pride enough to fight for your right to continue in this manner,
then I assume the blame for your failure to recognize the true value of our birthright.
I would remind you that your mother will love you no matter what you do,
because she's a woman.
And I love you too, son.
But I also love our country and the principles for which we stand.
If you decide to burn your draft card,
then burn your birth certificate at the same time.
From that moment on, I have no son.
Well, hi there, buddy.
Thought I'd drop you a line.
I haven't seen you for a hundred years.
When you get the time, will you let me know if it's true what a fella is?
Heard you've been leading those campus demonstrations.
You're as busy as you can be.
With the sit-downs, walk-outs, and other aggravating that you hardly ever think of me.
Well, I'm on a little vacation in South Vietnam.
Expensive paid trip for one.
I got my own little rifle and a great uniform and a job that must be done.
But we're sleeping in the jungle and ducking real bullets.
And man, it's a lot of fun.
Wish you were here.
Wish you were here.
Oh, yes, dear friends, and it sounds like lonesome cowboy Dave and Chaz are gonna take
us out.
Take us out of our minds.
Now, this is Brain Rot Radio East, as heard on WCSB, amazing WCSB there in Cleveland.
Evil cowboy Dave.
Evil, evil Chaz Smith.
Help me, I'm drowning in my own ideas.
No.
No.
No.




No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
um
