B.O.B. Bop. B.O.B. Bop. B.O.B. Bop. Bop. Bop.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
This is KNON 90.9 in Dallas, Fort Worth, and Arlington.
And this is the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
Although we haven't really officially started the show up yet.
I will in a minute.
We're broadcasting tonight, not from KNON studios,
but live from here at the Buldata Time Control Laboratories,
headquarters of the Church of the Subgenius,
if you can really call it a headquarters.
And I'm going to go past the little nuclear reactor there
and outside into the back pasture of the laboratories
where I've got the actual official Night of Slack show stashed back here.
It's a large, tonight's show is a large black machine.
I'm rolling it out into the pasture here.
It's a, the show is a, it looks like a contraption that you'd see in the movie Dune
or some kind of science fiction movie.
You can't quite tell what it's for.
Let me put the sacred microphone down here
and we'll get this religious broadcast started up if there's any gas in it.
This is, where can I put this microphone?
All right.
Now, let's see if we can.
Let's get this thing going here.
All right.
This is the, friends, let's all pray together that this show will start up,
that we've got any gas at all in it, okay?
This is the Subgenius Hour of Slack Radio Ministry.
Well, wait a minute.
It didn't work that time.
I'll try one more time.
Shoot.
Come on, show.
Friends, have you sent your donation in to this show?
Or rather to KNON, your love offering?
Because if you don't, we'll never get this thing started up.
Man, this is ridiculous.
What kind of a show is this?
Maybe it's wet.
This is Doug Smith, radio operator.
I'm going to bring you a piece of that green cheese for sure.
I have Buck Nugget!
No trouble.
Just get set and get going.
Hey, him.
Recording.
Everything's going fine.
No trouble.
Welcome potential initiates.
And remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Bob?
Bob?

The message is now part of and registered in your subconscious mind.
Every time you say, see, hear, or think.
What about Slack?
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry, Hour of Slack.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
This is Reverend Ivan Smith.

I'm Reverend Stan.
Sacred scribe of the First Orthodox Megaphyst Temple Lodge of the Church of the Subgenius.
With Pastor Buck Nugget of the First Naked Church of the Subgenius.
The opinions expressed are not necessarily those of this radio station.
Before the sermon, a message concerning Bob Dobbs, living avatar of Slack and saint of
sales on planet Earth.
Are you abnormal?
Then you are probably better than most people.
Yes, your kind shall triumph.
Now at last the step by step process is revealed.
This is it.
The only faith that promises action, thrill, success in sex and business.
Bring your weirdest dreams to rampaging life.
Stand direct for your own abnormality.
Bob is a way of life to millions.
Half of them don't even know it.
He's the one true living Slack master with the spiritual know-how to help you bash through
the locked doorway to financial heaven.
He is the one real shortcut to Slack.
We are the only real shortcut to Slack.
We will see you next time.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Oh, yes.
And look at the humans lining up for the slaughterhouse.
Oh, yes.
The harvest.
And we'll be right back to the sermon after this brief message.
Wise up!
They're out to get you.
The different are being silenced by a global conspiracy.
Weird men arise and find out who they are
and how to smash them.
It's the Church of the Some Genius.
Revival, crusade, and gun blowout.
Bob is coming again and again.
Friday and Saturday, November 15th, 16th, 9 p.m.
at the Alexandria Hotel, Maple Ballroom, 501 South Spring Street.
For ticket information, call High Performance Magazine, 6877362.
Good luck.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Keep it down.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
And that little commercial was about the event that took us away from town last week
and put this show on tape and in the hands of madmen.
Ha, ha, ha, praise Bob.
You need doctors for Bob.
And you need it in the worst way.
Uh, uh, uh, can we have our next caller, please?
Oh, yeah, Deep One.
Oh, it's Dr. Deep One.
Caller, turn it up.
Caller, you're up all the way.
You'll have to turn the volume on your little head, the left ear, all the way.
Start screaming into the phone as loud as you can.
Could you call her?
Turn your left ear sharply.
The famous puddle of sound.
Doctors have to be very quiet now.
Okay, go ahead.
This is the absolute dictator of Berkeley.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, we heard you.
No wonder you're so small.
Where are you supposed to watch my car?
Look to your son for a warning.
I say, what are you talking about?
Yeah, that's what I thought, huh?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, what sound in your mind are you using?
What's happening?
We're all talking funny.
Somebody check the tape.
The dictator was not the one we was sent for.
Oh, no.
With all the smoke and flame.
I represent all the people.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Subgenius Radio is...
Subgenius Radio is...



Subgenius Radio is...
The kind of radio that you have to listen to very closely.
Because if you don't, it may not make any sense.
But if you do, it'll make sense over and over and over again.
In fact, it's the type of radio that you should listen to on headphones
and make bootleg tape recordings of at the same time.
Because, friends, we play tapes and records made by people.
By people themselves, not by the conspiracy.
We play...
We play very little material that you can buy in a store.
But it's what we get in the mail from the subgeniuses and subgenius synthesizers.
It's material that is done out of pure need, pure desperation, pure truth.
The most wonderful lies and truth at the same time.
Well, friends...
Our last show was on tape.
Our last two shows were on tape because Pastor Naked and I were out of town.
Out of town on the subgenius DeVival Crusade World Tour.
Ah, yes, in San Francisco, L.A., and Seattle.
And theoretically, the last two shows were on tape.
Although I understand that last week the tape deck broke down.
Or rather, it wouldn't turn...
It wouldn't turn off.
It was stuck in play.
And our men on the scene, Tom Williams and Buddy West, put up a valiant battle against that technology
and took over the phone lines and raised $300 in love offerings for the station.
Ah, yes, and apparently they were joined by an incoherent friend, from what I've heard.
So, maybe next week we'll play the tape that they were going to play.
In the meanwhile, I have this praise of Brother Tom and Brother...
Buddy for managing to keep their heads or what's left of them.
Because this show is designed to be not just the cutting edge, my friends,
but the decapitating edge of popular culture and very, very unpopular culture.
But, yes, this show, friends, will be playing some music,
but also some tapes from the Atomic DeVival Crusade.
Okay.
Ed, I'm telling the truth.
Pastor Naked and I, joined by Doctors for Bob from Little Rock, Arkansas,
and the Pope of all New York,
we did some heroic preachings on a subgenius world tour up and down Babylon,
the West Coast, the Pink Coast, we call it,
trying to preach the word of Bob, friends, in hip nightclubs.
The Stone in San Francisco is where most of this tape will be from.
Although, I think we'll all...


We'll also be using cuts from the Scary Ball here in Dallas at the Twilight Room,
which started off the world tour.
But, friends, many were saved during these preachings.
Many were saved and many were killed,
including, yes, our high E-popped J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Friends, Bob was re-erected on this tour.
And don't get excited.
He's dead again.
He's dead again.
Killed again.
In his own self.
Killed again in Bob.
An ectosplasmodic manifestation of Bob
was first appeared in San Francisco on the video,
huge video screens that we had set up in there.
But he wouldn't...
We had been expecting a ghostly presence,
but it was this video image.
In L.A., we got the complete Bob materialization,
but he was sort of shimmering.
He wasn't quite solidified.
And finally, the very last night of the second L.A. show,
Bob Dobbs walked out in physical bodily presence.
Our slain E-popped had materialized, walked out solid as you or me,
which that may be a little bit questionable.
But he appeared on stage and no sooner, once again,
no sooner did he wave to the people around him than he was, once again,
tragically cut down in his prime and sent back to hell or heaven
or wherever it is that Bob now carries on his battle.
And friends, I mean, this was a ritualistic re-killing.
And I will admit that it is possible that once again,
this was not the actual J.R. Bob Dobbs.
This man could have been an android clone of Bob.
He could have been a person in a mask, even.
It was an eerie look.
A looking manifestation.
But friends, we're going to go into that, that live revival, yes,
if you'll join us in headphones or in your car.
Welcome to the 173rd annual San Francisco Subgenius Devival.
We'd like to start off, if you would all bow your heads, please.
We'd like to start off with a sacred, traditional moment of noise.
Yeah!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Yeah, yeah, yeah!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Ah yes, it feels so good to have the power!
Praise Bob!
In San Francisco, praise Bob!
Are you ready to praise Bob?
Yeah!
Are you ready to hate the conspiracy?
Yeah!
I'd just like to take this opportunity to state briefly and for the record
that my fellow Doctors for Bob and myself are members in good standing of a church.
But not just any church, for the church to which we belong
just happens to be, beyond a shadow of a doubt, the world's only bogus true religion.
Of course, I am referring to the church.
Of the subgenius!
Now the church of the subgenius, as founded by J.R. Bob Dob,
Saint of Sales, Master Slack in 1953, is the pan-religion of the future.
Uniting superior mutants, social renegades, twisted geniuses, and sci-fi sinners
in a worldwide rampage of immoral.
And for the church to be the center of the world,
it's a prophetic yuck and grins.
Yucks and grins which will hopefully, inevitably, lead us directly to a commodity all too lacking.
And today's modern, dead-age, ago-go society, and that commodity, friends, is Slack!
Now Slack is what the conspiracy wants to take away from us.
Slack is what the conspiracy wants to deprive us of.
Slack is our way of grabbing life by the lapels and screaming at it!
Now back in the 50s,
Bob himself noticed a decided lack of Slack in our culture.
He noticed an awful prevalence of normalcy.
He noticed that the normals formed a vast conspiracy against the different.
An insidious conspiracy dedicated to squelching our natural rogue instincts.
Dedicated to wiping out our fun factors.
Dedicated, in short, to the total and utter irrationality of our lives.
Dedicated to the eradication of the original Slack with which we were all born.
Well, Bob wanted to fight this conspiracy, ladies and gentlemen.
And what better way, I ask ye, than by the foundation of a major new world religion.
Hence the Church of the Subgenius.
Praise Bob!
Whoo! Help me somebody!
Now many people I know view the conspiracy on a very tiny, arcane, and mealy-mouthed level.
You see the conspiracy only as the U.S. government,
the CIA, FBI, Lutheran Church, Missouri Synod, Catholic Church, Jewish Defense League,
Council on Foreign Relations, or Trilateral Commission.
Other, more occultated individuals can see to the next level.
You see the conspiracy as the men in black, the green energy demons,
the advanced supersonic Nazi hell creatures from the hollow earth,
the henchmen of Negian, the Iacotismo.
But even they don't have the full story, ladies and gentlemen.
For I'm here to tell you tonight that the conspiracy exists,
as none other than Jehovah One,
alien space god of wrath from some corporate sin galaxy,
and his stark fist of removal.
This is KNON 90.9 FM, Dallas, Fort Worth.
This is Reverend Ivan Stang and Pastor Bucknaget.
We're on the road from San Francisco to Los Angeles
inside of a huge truck with Bob's face stuck on the wall.
This is the front of the engine.
A huge exhaust is coming out of the pipe.
That's right, and then it's funneled back inside the cab here,
so we're having a hell of a good time!
This is the first lead truck, the flag truck,
leading a huge convoy of vans carrying props
for the subgenius atomic revival
in Hollywood!
Big time, baby!
Big time.
The radio show.
This is the radio show.
You didn't tell me you had the whole show back here.
Yeah, the show is in the truck.
No wonder it's crowded.
Crazy show, sweetheart, baby.
Now get out of here. Just kidding.
We love you. Get out of here, you maniac.
That was the voice of Reverend Jano Hyperclete.
Crazy. You're ugly. You're ugly.
Come on, sane man.
Now stay here.
I mean, that's really growthful.
I can dig where you're coming from.
Where you're going to.
I wish you'd hurry up and get there.
We're not in L.A. yet.
We're not. No, we're not in L.A. yet.
My mind is already in L.A.
My mind is in South Dakota in a jar.
Yeah, and then they poured it down the toilet.
And then flushed it.
They said my mind was in this jar,
but they never proved it.
They never had empirical evidence.
We're in a carry van. It's a unique vehicle.
We're all here.
The front is like a van,
and the back is squared off like a truck.
Ah, my legs are on fire!
And it's hell in here.
Get that cigarette butt off your legs, Garth.
It's a cold flame in subgenius hell.
Ah, yes.
Then back in the same vault,
the same flag truck is the Golden Calf.
The West Coast head is the Golden Calf.
The huge West Coast head is back there screaming.
There's a pipe seven feet long
and a bobbed face seven feet tall.
Don't think we didn't get high on that.
Yeah, baby, it's flammable.
Radio TV land.
Yeah.
Yes, that's...
Well, come on, we'll have to do tapes.
I think we can go to bed on this tape thing,
on this radio show thing, Garth.
Yeah, why don't you move the show over a little bit,
and I'll be able to lie on the opening of the show,
and he can lie for the rest of the show,
and we'll have something to lie on.
Now I'm at the door here.
Brock is running around selling buttons.
There's all of the...
Our security forces are well armed.
All right, check this.
Just fine, no guns on you.
You have the time.
Now you two.
All right, turn around.
It's just fine.
Joy's down.
The nurses are running a weapons detector
up and down the...
the audience as they come in to screen them,
and occasionally they do find guns.
There's a box full of guns over here where people...
Is anybody outside preaching?
This is the one street in the world you can preach on,
and nobody's gonna give you trouble.
We had our propaganda table exactly across from these.
Campus Crusade for Christ's Confirmation Day.
Oh, yeah, you told me about that.
Our big sign, eternal damnation, one dollar.
And they go for it.
Boy, they eat up each other.
You should back the beginning of the show.
All right.



Oh, we...
Uh oh.
Uh oh.
Damn, the nurses just located a...
a...
Oh.
Located a gun on the...
They said a bunch of...
They're kids, man.
They're kids that refuse to quit playing with the guns.
That's what it...
Can I hear a couple of...
Sounds good, and now in stereo.
Okay.
Now, how about a...
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.









You're going to have to work on that one if you want to make Dobstown, friend.
All right.
For the first time here in this Babylon city, this doomed metroplex,
the good Pastor Buck naked.
And that really is his name, by the way.
It was actually pronounced knockhead.
It's Turkish.
But why waste a good thing?
This one's called Wirehead Conspiracy.
It's about a dude I personally know who sold out to the UFOs.
Come on!
A light from the sky settled over them trees.
It left this wire in my head that customized me.
The wire in my head, it advises me.
Better living through bio-circuitry.
Yeah, okay.
Hey!
The wire in my head has found me new friends.
Bring it up!
We meet at the airport where the old freeway ends.
And we lay down our lives for the power of sin.
I got a wire in my head.
And so do my friends.
The wire, a big business opportunity.
The wire benefits me financially.
The wire in my head gives me good deals.
The wire in my head gives me good deals.
I drive a real solid car.
And I eat fancy meals.
And you can bet I'd kill any bastard who squeals.
I got a wire in my head.
And I like how it feels.
I got a wire for your head.
And I'd install it for free.
Don't think I'm gonna eat you up.
The wire in my head must not lead me to hell.
Hey!

Oh, just a second...










well, let's just get sent.
And they'll be setting us up.
Personal advantages.



Be bold.
It's live.
Love upon the steamed représentation.
Praise Bob.
Okay.
Okay.
Praise money and Bob.
This next one we're going to do is a spiritual.
It's known as Bob is leading me.
I wrote this as soon as I became incultated into the subgenius church.
You'll see why.
Changed your mind?
Don't want to hear it?
Bob.
Bob.
Bob's my friend and he's leading me somewhere.
Where are you leading us, Bob?
Is he waiting there for me?
Bob's my friend and he's leading me somewhere.
What is waiting there for me?
Bob can stop the aliens from killing me.
Bob can save me.
Bob will be.
Bobby.
Bobby.
Bobby.
Bobby.
Bobby.
Bobby.
Bobby.
Bobby.
Bobby.
Bobby.
Bobby.
Bobby.
Bobby.

Bob Dobbs, Bob Dobbs, Bob Dobbs, Bob Dobbs, Bob Dobbs, Bob Dobbs.
What is waiting there for me?
Bob.
Thank you, okay, sit around, I'll be back.
But thank you.
It was a happier day when Bob Dobbs
walked the earth because in those days the conspiracy wasn't in the church.
And that's what I'm talking about tonight, the conspiracy in the church.
I've had a lot of experience with the conspiracy.
Yes, I'm not an artist.
I'm a preacher.
I don't make my living at this.
I have to make my living doing other things, sick, horrible things for them.
But in dealing with the conspiracy for
you.
Years, I've noticed the weirdest phenomenon.
There, there's the conspiracy, the normal dupes of the conspiracy down at the bottom.
The ones that, the rude clerks in stores, the, the high school principals and so forth.
But at the top, the top rungs of the conspiracy are imaginative people.
Yes, the top guys in these banks, and they are guys, most of them in these banks and
and plus the little governments that help
run the country with the banks.
They're kind of clever.
They're funny.
They're unsaved subgenius is probably unsavable.
But so here you got this conspiracy with all these unsaved latent rogue subgeniuses at the top.
And yet the church is filling up with pink boys.
Yes.
Yes.


Yes.
Halfway subgeniuses.
Halfway subgeniuses.
They're the ones who go, oh, Reverend Stang, I think Buck is real funny and, and doctors
for Bob are real funny.
But Reverend Stang, you talk about all this serious stuff.
It just makes me depressed.
And I say, little Bobby, you should be depressed because you're going to fry in hell come next
day, 1998.
While we true apostles of Dobbs are.
In that mothership waving to those poor people down below in the estate vessels of the sex
goddesses.
Oh yes.
But Bobby's.
Oh yes.
The Bobby's.
Those who would make this church just like all the other religions.
Yes.
It's frustrating dealing with them.
Very frustrating because they never know that I'm talking about them.
There's plenty of them here tonight.
Bobby's.
Bobby's.
Like Mooney's.
They're the kinds.
You can spot a Bobby.
They're the ones that are walking around all day long going Bob slack, Bob slack, Bob slack,
both Bob slack.
I've got slack now.
I've got Bob.
I'm free.
I'm safe.
I said Bob slack, Bob slack every day for two years continuously.
But it was different in those days.
In those days you had to sin your way into Dobbs town and you had to come up with new
sins.
You couldn't just borrow somebody else's sins.
You had to come up with new sins.
You had to come up with new sins.


But they have this stupid impression that slack automatically comes with the subscription
to the Stark fist, comes with their membership card.
Slack actually most Americans have some stuff ideas.
Slack for three quarters of this planet.
Slack is a good meal.
Oh, but America, yeah, they, but yeah, these Bobby's, I believe that they can spiritually
mature only through agony.
Right.
We're working on it.
The slack, the only slack they'll ever know is the slack that comes when a subgenius doctor quits hitting them on the head with a hammer.
Yeah, boy, slack, slack.
Slack, slack.
Friends, we've come to the end of the first half hour of this radio ministry.
Now it's up to you to flip the show over and play side two.
This is KNON 90.9 in Dallas, Fort Worth.
I tell you, he has ape intelligence.
Exactly.
Yes, it's the mentality, Jeff.
You don't recognize the chimp?
Is that my mother?
You look like her.
You really think it could go that far, Spock?
Get it on yourself, Spock.
Get it on yourself, Spock.
Get it on yourself, Spock.
Captain, get away.
Get away.
Get away.
Sir, get away.
Get away.
Captain, Mr. Spock.
Spock, what's going on here?
Pardon me.
No.
Ape shall not kill ape.
Too late.
You should have told me sooner.
But it didn't hurt a bit.
Shall we try again?
Go, babe.
You know what to do.
Oh, no, it's not so!
This is gonna be a terrible shock to you.
Ball mother f***ing death.
It's all right.
They're sticking to the tar baby a bomb as Dr. Wilman once said.
It's sick.
They're smug.
They're as smug as the rival cult.
They're smug as the rival cult.












Oh, I'm part of a group, they think.
I'm part of the cool group.
They're part of the conformity of nonconformists.
Yes?
We swore it would never happen to this church.
You look out, and the given, this is different, I notice.
This crowd is really different.
But a lot of times, at subgenius revivals in other towns,
I look out upon a sea of white male young faces.
And it's sick, because this, the subgenius race,
you know there's only two races?
Us and them.
And the subgenius race is the master race
because it comes in all colors, all shapes, all sizes,
and all ranges of intelligence,
because it ain't the intelligence that counts,
it's what you do with it.
One idiot inventing one good joke
is worth a thousand scientists,
making A-bombs, according to Bob.
When the book of the subgenius was put together,
it was with Bob's blessings, but we added,
we added to the word.
You shouldn't use your mind to think about your religion.
But we did.
Dr. Drummond and I thought, well,
these subgeniuses should form clenches, we called them.
Form clenches, get together,
and have church revivals all the time.
I believe that's a conspiracy concept, my friend.
We were wrong.
The solo clench is the way to go.
Don't try to recruit subgeniuses,
because you're just going to pull in more Bobbies.
God knows we need the money, but,
kill.
Kill Bobbies.
Because the basic, the bottom line is,
here, I'm reverence, I'm the sacred stride.
But no subgenius can give orders to any other subgenius,
because you take your orders direct from Bob.
Bob.
Kathryn Turner, Bob actually,




You're pulling into Bob yourself.
Oh, it's making me sick having to deal
with the stupid bobby, or the smart bobbies.
That's the problem, they are smart, yeah,
briefly.
I want to,
sometimes I want to shut down the sacred PO box,
a blood covenant with Jehovah One.
Wotan, the god of wrath,
space god from some insidious devil sin money galaxy,
much like this country.
Patriarchal monster.
But we must pay our biases to this thing.
Bob signed the contract.
And we will.
Bob predicted and there will come a strong America
and a strong world,
but strong through abnormality.
It's the anti-Bob that wants a planet of Bobs.
J.R. Bob Dobbs came and comes again and again and again
to justify your sins, my friend.
To rationalize your sins.
Doug Roman may have killed Bob for your sins,
but Bob did not die for your sins.
But the Bobby,
Oh, the Bobbies.
Oh, praise Bob, Bobbra.
Praise Bobbra.
He got it.
The Bobbists.
It's stacking up.
Maybe we'll be able to publish that thing soon.
All right.
The church, we have, some of us have been given to see
into 1998, July 5th, 1998, X day,
the day when the men from Planet X,
men they call them,
will come down from their beautiful saucers
and either save or destroy this planet.
Much like we would decide whether to shoot a bullet,


a dog, that's been hit by a car on the side of the road
or to take the trouble of taking them to the vet.
If those creatures from space arrive
and find a planet full of bobbies,
selling you church air.
Oh, not just church buttons, not just church clothes.
Church air.
And you'll pay your soul for each lungful.
You think Jesus had a bed?
Oh yeah, Jesus, oh he had to work an 80-hour week.
and the old jeans have it tough.
Friends, they're going to have you nailing yourself up on that cross.
And I don't know, frankly,
I don't know how you're going to get your right hand in
after that first day, left hand's nailed up.
You're going to have to pay somebody to help you.
How are you going to get your hand, your wallet out of your pocket, eh?
So sad.
This church, they call the church of the subgenius a joke.
Just like, oh, the conspiracy is a joke.
Yeah, a joke, big joke.
This could be the greatest joke ever told
if Earth can make it to the punchline.
And I don't know what that punchline's going to be.
I'm waiting to see.
But you know, if you're a Bobby,
you can't lie to Bob.
You can't hide from Bob
because his face is in more places than yours is.
He can see out of everywhere.
Every one of those little pictures of Bob
and every dot on his dot-patterned face
holds a sinister yet joyous power.
Ah, yes.
They've got, oh, a mighty Bob pipe.
This is it.
It's got the rim, the white official rim.
But I won't get lost in the dogma.
They have, the conspiracy has 50,000 nuclear weapons.
The church of the subgenius only has three.
And yet, we dare to...
And fight them anyway.
We'll take them on and that's the miracle.
Oh, Bob said, friends.
Bob said, I'm going to give you pills.
Bob said, I'm going to give you drugs.
Bob said, but not the conspiracy pills that enslave you.
It's the pills of slack.
The pills of revolution, my friend.
Pills.
Oh, pills to the left of me.
Pills to my right.
Pills in the day and pills in the night.
Yeah, pills.
Pills.
Talking about pills.
Pills.
Pills for the bad and pills for the good.
Pills for the young and misunderstood.
Yeah, pills.
Pills.
Pills.
Talking about...
Pills.
Pills.
Pills in my hamper.
Pills in my...
Pills in the woods and pills on the rocks.
Yeah, pills.
Pills.
Talking about pills.
Pills.
Pills always tell me things to do.
Pills are better friends than you.
Yeah, pills.
Pills.
He's talking about pills now.
Pills.
My friend's the pills.
Oh, just give me some of them pills.
Oh, give me those pills, Bob.
Here, have some pills.
Take some more of these pills in the morning.
More pills.
And that's just the sort of thing I was talking about.
Exactly, gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen.
Hello to you in Dallas, Texas.
This is the secret Reverend Bleepo Abernathy speaking to you over the airwaves of your local radio station there,
courtesy of Stang and the Reverend Bucknaked,
for which I am glad to present this opportunity to myself to speak at this time.
First of all, I want to say that none of the pills are ever good enough, as you all know.
And as you're out there, you know, you cannot feel anything without some sort of pill.
Now, that pill could be, of course, you know, your average, you know, vitamin or dexatrim or something like that.
Or it can be Jesus.
It's any kind of pill that you mention at all.
We don't want to get too specific here.
But let's just face it, friends, you're all looking for a pill.
And I don't know.
I don't know.
It's time to hear the beautiful lilting hymns once again, not of Bucknaked, but of that mysterious doctor,
Dr.
Glass Madness.
I'd like to dedicate this next song to Merle Watson of Doc and Merle Watson.
I don't know if he was a subgenius, but anybody who's a world-class guitar player and gets killed in a tractor accident's gotta be subgenius.
Well, Bob told us we should party if we want him to come back, but he never told us nothing but a bucket full of slack.
We all partied till we puked, but we never got the knack.
We never got nothing like a bucket full of slack.
Well, a bucket full of slack is all you need.
You don't need whiskey and you don't need weed.
Oh, a bucket full of slack, a bucket full of slack.
Take you right to heaven and you'll never get home.
We're gonna bring you right back.
Well, I met a lot of doctors, most of them are quacks.
None of them had ever had a bucket full of slack.
They try to sell you old tin, it comes in a sack.
Doesn't get close to a bucket full of slack.
A bucket full of slack is all you need.
You don't need whiskey and you don't need weed.
A bucket full of slack, a bucket full of slack.
Take you right to heaven and you'll never get home.


We never got the knack.



And I'll never bring you back.
Well, I searched so long till I was really whacked.
It sure ain't easy to find a bucket full of slack.
But when you finally found it, it's nothing that you lack.
Nothing in the world like a bucket full of slack.
Well, a bucket full of slack is all you need.
You don't need whiskey and you don't need weed.
Well, a bucket full of slack, a bucket full of slack.
Take you right to heaven and you'll never get home.
I'll never bring you back.
Take you down to Dobbs Town, you'll never come back.
Down in Dallas, Texas, where the bob plants grow.
People who know a bob, they know where to go.
Down in Dallas, Texas, where the bob plants grow.
People who know a bob, they know where to go.
Hello, Bob.
I need someone to listen to me.
Hello, Bob.
Hello, Bob.
It's getting dark and I can't see.
Hello, Bob.
I was hoping you might have the key.
It's dark and dim and I can't swim.
What the hell's gonna happen to me?
There's a good Bob and there's a bad Bob.
There's a happy Bob and there's a sad Bob.
There's a happy Bob and there's a sad Bob.
There's a bad Bob and there's a wild Bob.
There's a wrong Bob and there's a right Bob.
There's a wrong Bob and there's a right Bob.
Well, raise your hand and clap for Bob.
Well, raise your hand and clap for Bob.
And just a slash.
.
.




We have a defilement!
This is a defilement.
This is a room full of pigs.
It's a room full of pigs.
Well, heck, never mind.
We're blowing off.
No.
I can feel it.
I can feel it out there.
You're tentative.
You're scared.
You're afraid.
You're lost.
You're homesick.
Yeah.
You need a healing, don't you?
I can feel it.
Someone out there needs a healing.
Healing.
It's a woman.
I want a woman who wants a healing.
I want a woman who wants a healing.
Where is she?
Where is she?
Lead me to her.
Oh, I can feel it.
Rise!
Come to the stage.
Come to the stage.
Come on up.
Okay.
All right, what's your name?
Lori.
And you don't know me or any of my ministers, do you?
No.
Uh-huh.
All right.
Well, what's your complaint, hon?
Well, I want to be a musician.
You want to be a musician.
Ain't that a shame.
What do you think?
Aww.
Well, wait a minute.
I can see a little tentativeness.
Why is it that you don't think you can be a musician?
Well, you know, I have to work too much.
I don't have the...
Oh, she doesn't have slack.
She has to work too much.
You know what?
I think the conspiracy may have implanted
a synchromater on you.
Oh, yes.
There it is, friends.
The mark on the beach.
Butt Naked now removes the young lady's watch.
Take it off!
He displays the watch to the audience.
What should I do with it?
What should I do with it?
Get away!
All right.
He places the watch down upon the golden altar.
All right.
All right.
And pulls out the sacred sledgehammer.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
He has smashed the watch.
All right.
Who else?
Who else?
Get up there and watch for Bob.
Friends in Little Rock, Arkansas,
they keep this thing.
It's called the Janer device.
You cannot hide from God.
She is bigger that you.
HELP ME SOMEBODY!
SHE AIN'T GOT NO LEGS.
MY LEGS ARE ON FIRE.
SHE NEEDS SOME HELP.
SHE NEEDS SOME HELP.
YOU CAN'T HIDE FROM GOD.
BECAUSE YOU ARE BIGGER THAN ALL INFINITIES.
BIGGER IN THE UNIVERSITY.
BIGGER THAN ALL REALITIES.
HELP ME SOMEBODY!
SHE Aint' GOT NO LEGS.
MY LEGS ARE ON FIRE.
YOU CAN'T HIDE YOURSELF


You cannot hide from J.R. Bob Dobbs because he's stupider than you.
He's got more slack than you do.
He smokes more prop than you do.
You cannot hide from this man, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
You cannot hide from God because he's bigger than you.
He's bigger than all infinities.
He's bigger than the whole universe.
Help me, somebody.
She ain't got no legs.
My legs are on fire.
Make some noise.
Make some noise.
Praise Bob.
You cannot run from your own legs.
There's not a man or woman in here tonight who can run from their own legs.
Because they're what you're using to run from them with.
So how are you going to run from your own legs?
You cannot run from your own legs.
You cannot hide from this man.
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
You cannot hide from God because he's bigger than you.
He's bigger than all infinities.
He's bigger than the universe.
Help me, somebody.
She ain't got no legs.
My legs are on fire.
Praise God.
You cannot see your own eyes.
What are you going to do?
Turn them inside out?
You cannot see your own eyes.
You cannot run from your own legs.
There's a word you're using to run away from them with.
You cannot hide from J.R. Bob Dobbs because he's stupider than you.
You cannot hide from God.
He's bigger than you.
He's bigger than all infinities.
He's bigger than the whole universe.
Praise God.
Help me, somebody.
She ain't got no legs.
My legs are on fire.
Praise God.
You cannot wash soap.
What are you going to do?
Cut it in half and rub the ends together?
You can't wash soap.
You can't wash soap.
You cannot see your own eyes.
You cannot run from your own legs.
You cannot hide from J.R. Bob Dobbs.
You cannot hide from God because he's bigger than you.
He's bigger than all realities.
He's bigger than infinities.
He's bigger than the universe.
Help me, somebody.
She ain't got no legs.
My legs are on fire.
Praise God.
Praise God.
You cannot wet water, it's already as wet as it can get.
You cannot hide from your own hiding place.
It's going to see you wherever you go.
You cannot swallow your own throat.
You cannot digest your own stomach.
You cannot see your own eyes.
You cannot run from your own legs.
You cannot hide from this man here by the docks because he's stupider than you are.
He smokes more pride than you do.
You cannot hide from God, he's mirroring you.
He's mirroring all reality.
He's mirroring all infinity.
My leg is on fire!
She ain't got no legs.
Praise Bob!
Now there's some people and some of the more conservative members of the Arkansas community
for some reason don't get into our Doctors for Bob performances,
our subgeniuses performances we try to present.
We're going to have to stop.
I don't understand why.
There was some kind of legal dispute.
Some woman lost her legs or something.
I don't know what it was about.
The police officer came up to me and says,
what the hell you boys think you're doing?
I said, why we're just bold surrealists, sir.
Bold surrealists.
Bold surrealists.
Son, you know how many men we got locked up in the state penitentiary
who just love to claim they're nothing but bold surrealists?
Now I don't know very much about anti-music.
I don't know much about pop fans.
I don't know much about the workplace deities.
All I know is Little Rock street law.
That's what this officer of the law told me.
I don't know very much about art forms.
All I know is Little Rock street law, boy.
I don't know very much about the history of pre-Bronze age Europe.
All I know is Little Rock street law.
I don't know very much about Asian history.
All I know is Little Rock street law.
I don't know very much about synthesizing sugars that my cells can use from the foods I eat.
All I know is Little Rock street law.
Just a second.
I don't know very much about sustaining a three-dimensional reality in physical space.
All I know is Little Rock street law.
This officer will deal with our existing
plastics and smoke Milky Way machines.
Destruction site 10.
He got no legs.
His legs are on fire, my God.
Help me, somebody.
There's this one guy, he would never listen to us.
We tried to give him the pamphlet.
He wouldn't listen to J.R. Bob.
He wouldn't listen to J.R., I'm not broke or anything.
He wouldn't listen to J.R. Bob Dobbs.
We tried to tell him about the word.
That man was on his deathbed.
I was still preaching to him about slack.
Oh, but he was dead set on the conspiracy.
And as he was fading into the afterlife,
he was half here and half there.
I heard him say, preachers, my legs are on fire.
Well, I thought I could get away
with a sauna on our wedding day.
Preacher Man said, boy, better put away your song.
But I said, I don't cotton.
You know God's county law.
But that song was stolen.
At least that's what she said.
So I wrapped up in asbestos from my waist up to my head.
I wrapped up in asbestos that I got from Greg's.
I only wish I had enough to cover up my legs.
Oh, I've been sinning, sinning, sinning.
But I ain't no liar.
Now I'm burning, burning, burning.
Got legs on fire.
Well, my head's dry and cool.
So's my arms and toes.
My torso, even more so.
But I ain't no liar.
Now I'm burning, burning, burning.
Got legs, got legs, got legs on fire.
Well, I was selling heroin at that elementary school.
Preacher Man said, boy, well, you know that isn't cool.
The good Lord came to me and said my time was up.
When I said, why, God?
He said, because that horse was cut.
Well, they were shooting up in the back room.
Yes, you know it's true.
But they were not getting off.
That's why my soul is through.
I've been sinning, sinning, sinning.
But I ain't no liar.
Now I'm burning, burning, burning.
Got legs on fire.
Oh, my brain ain't in no flame.
And my shoulder ain't in pain.
But my knees are crying, please.
But I ain't no liar.
Now I'm burning, burning, burning.
Got legs on fire.
Oh, I was stealing cars for God.
Tryin' to get a job.
Tryin' to get in wealth.
But when my judgment came, he said, you'll have to go to hell.
It's true, I gave my son, he said, to die for all your sins.
But when they dropped that little old tin, the door was bleeding.
Oh, I've been sinning, sinning, sinning.
But I ain't no liar.
Now I'm burning, burning, burning.
Got legs on fire.
Oh, my head ain't on the line.
And my pinky's doing fine.
But my toes need a hose.
But I don't break any arms.
Now I'm burning, burning, burning.
Got legs, got legs, got legs on fire.
Well, I was bashing Grandma's head with a railroad tie.
The good Lord came to me and said, why did you lie?
When I said, what lie, God?
He said, you must confess.
That ain't your grandma's head at all.
It's just a bloody mess.
So I've been sinning, sinning, sinning.
But I ain't no liar.
Now I'm burning, burning, burning.
Got legs, got legs, got legs on fire.
Oh, my head's drying too.
So's my arms in two.
But my shins have thrummed the towel in.
But I ain't no liar.
Now I'm burning, burning, burning.
Got legs, got legs, got legs on fire.
Yes, children, it is the season of the witch.
It's the season of the witch and a deadly witch.

And a deadly witch is too.
And the witch...
That'syers have enough luck.
Get comprehensible before you believe that this is your child.
You are wjin, you are orphaned from a late àsition child.
Here is exs годs.
An él good lad is pure ecstasy start shinn
yabash you beat yabesh down.
TheONGIMETHISn.

So be playin real bad,That's why ye led me to me.
I ain't no hrah Honda, changed, for nice, off the tHaOrt sucker.
OZer a OKla.
Not shi-n .
Deregulation.
What do we have?
Deregulation.
What do we have?
Deregulation.
What do we have, children?
Deregulation.
Now, children, I don't have to tell any of you who have flown in an airplane recently
just what a travesty of a mockery of a sham deregulation is.
Why, children, if that plane isn't full enough, they'll just cancel the son of a bitch
and you can whistle for your money and your schedule.
But, children, when deregulation comes along, the airlines quit serving the little guy.
The only place you can find an airline seat is New York to San Francisco, if you will,
Los Angeles to Chicago.
But, children, what if you want to fly from Little Rock to Pine Bluffs?
You're screwed, children, because the little carriers have been driven out of business.
You're screwed.
But, children, again.
In case you wonder where I'm going with this.
Are you wondering, children?
Are you wondering where I'm going?
Are you wondering where I'm going with this, children?
Well, I'm going to tell you where I'm going with this, children.
There's one arena of human endeavor that has always been deregulated.
And that area of endeavor is religion.
And since it's never been deregulated, children,
the major carriers have sprung up and dominated the numbers in the marketplace.
Well, children, how can you compete with your Christianity, your Judaism, your Muhammadism,
your Hinduism, and your Buddhism?
Well, children, you can become a diabolicist if that's what you like.
You can become a snake handler.
But let's face it, children, that's a mighty unsatisfactory way to do your spiritual business.
Yes, children, there's a direct line.
There's a direct line from you to God and your Christianity, your Judaism, your Muhammadism,
your Buddhism, and your Hinduism.
But children, there's only one place where there's a direct line between you and Bob.
Children, the church of the subgenius is the small carrier.
It's the small religious carrier.
It's the small religious carrier devoted to its clientele.
You might say, children, that's not entirely unlike Eastern Airlines, the church of the
subgenius is owned and operated by its employees.
But children, like all of these carriers, like all of your carriers, your big carriers
and your small carriers, your Bahama Airlines and your United, we have one thing in common
with them.
We operate on a profit basis.
Now, children, people have been coming around to me lately and they've been saying, you
know, I thought the church was dead.
Thank you very much.
I thought the church was dead, children.
I haven't heard anything from the church.
But I ask you, children, what does the church hide from you?
And you?
And you?
And you?
And you?
And you?
And you?
And you?
Children, how many of you have been typing onto Bob, that which is Bob's?
How many of you have kept up your pledge to give 10% of your worldly goods to the church
of the subgenius?
How many of you have spent $9.95 for the book of the subgenius?
How many of you have bought the t-shirts?
How many of you have bought the t-shirts?
Let me ask you a question.
Does the church of the subgenius run on air?
Say what?
No!
No!
Does the church of the subgenius run on love?
No!
Does the church of the subgenius run on honey?
No!
What does it run on?
Money!
What does it run on?
Money!
And children, whose money does it run on?
Your money!
Yours.



money and we ain't got enough of your money so children if you want to protect
the small spiritual carrier you must support the small spiritual carrier I
want you to think about that children as a nurse has passed among you I want you
to think about that as you leave and you'll see the concession stand in the
back because children it's your dollars that fuel the church your dollars that
make it go but where are your dollars going children what's taking those
dollars away from the church well children when I come back I will tell
you where it's going
yes dear friends and that brings us down to the end of this hour of slack we'll
probably play the rest of Pope Myers heroic preaching next week no and there
is a subgenius
subgenius




devival in Dallas next week at the Fantasy Fair the Dallas Fantasy Fair
Friday November 29th Dallas Marriott Quorum this is one of the big sci-fi
conventions they have here and this time the guests are going to be Robert Crumb
Spain other great underground comic book cartoonists along with Harvey Kurtzman
from mad they'll have a we're going to be on the subgenius devival
we'll start at 1030 Friday night this hotel is out near Prestonwood Mall it's on
Dallas Parkway between LBJ and Beltline hmm and after the subgenius devival will
be the bad film festival out there with the long-awaited sequel to plan 9 by
director Ed Wood anyway friends are coming up to the end of this wonderful
show and when the tape runs out why so will you?
your church air so in the meantime if you want to write us please send your
information request to P.O. Box 140306 Dallas Texas 75214 that's Bob at P.O. Box
140306 Dallas Texas 75214 yes and praise Bob this has been the subgenius radio ministry
hour of slack
