It was in the year of 1982 that spacemen first discovered the great galactic barrier.
In the past ten years, rocket travel to the moon and the mirror planets have become commonplace.
And yet, the explorers refuse to admit defeat.
It was on June the 2nd, 1987, that the rocket Starcloud made ready for takeoff.
Now hear this! Now hear this!
The Self Genius Hour of the Starwatch!
Don't bother me for a while, I'm busy!
Stupid idiot.
We'll have to reintegrate, the whole works!
Prepare to blast off.
Four, three, zero.
Fire up number one cyclotron.
Number one ready.
Fire up number two.
Number two ready.
I think that's rubbish.
What do you think?
Oh, I think it's terrible.
At least it won't be boring.
Hmm.
10 seconds for launch.
Head forragging.

Time to nolastes and Farragals.
Hop in, we under go.
upid in the чол
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.

Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
And that was the Rudy Schwartz Project.
I've almost used up all the music from that particular album, Postal Code of Ham.
Uh,
and, uh,
and now let's just cut to a bunch of random stuff.
By the way, you've seen Trigger's stuffed self, haven't you?
Oh, no.
And the Roy Rogers.
What is the Trigger sign, by the way?
No, no, you've never heard of it.
You never did?
Well, he had taxidermists prepare his beloved mount, Trigger.
You knew that, right?
Roy Rogers and Trigger.
The first goat that my family had, its head is mounted on the wall.
Oh, yes.
He was a malfeasor.
His head is mounted on the wall the way that heads of criminals were impaled on pikes outside the Tower of London.
He was, he was, he turned bad.
He was, he was a billy goat.
Your goat turned bad?
He was a bad goat.
Yeah, Big Red.
Bad stuff.
Big Red, he was called.
That's so obscene.
Somehow the sickness got into him.
That sounds really obscene.
Yes, well, uh,
No, he honestly did.
He turned bad and he became a rapist.
See, Big Red, I told you he was obscene.
He was evil, evil.
And his head ended up on the wall.
There's a goat, a big horn.
Let it be a lesson to us all.
Some kind of sheep, a bear, a deer, and a jackalope.
An ejaculope.
Well, not an ejaculope.
Hey, that's what I need for my museum.
The ejaculope.
Look what now has to do.
We're going hunting now.
Oh, here's what it'll be.
It's like there's the jackalope head, which is not very big, but it is really a jackalope head with little antlers.
You're not going to modify your fox head?
No, the jackalope won't change that.
We'll just add another little mount about an inch underneath with a little ejaculope dick sticking out.
I'll let you borrow my raccoon bone, my raccoon penis bone.
That can be your ejaculope.
We have one.
It's called a bacula.
Oh, actually, not a raccoon.
My dad had a collection of, what are those called?
Penis bones?
Yeah, but they have this.
Baculi, the bone.
He has a bear penis bone.
Oh, oh, oh, be long.
They're like swizzle sticks, and he does have a raccoon.
Swizzle stick.
The bear's about this long, but get this.
The walrus is this long.
And it's got scrimshaw on it.
Scrimshaw?
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
He bought a walrus dick bone with scrimshaw on it.
With the tale of Barnacle Bill the Sailor inscribed thereon.
This might be a good place to do a transition.
My father.
Yes, let's change into.
A vampire or whatever.
It is cold up there.
I've heard that it was cold up there.
This is an indelicate story, but it does demonstrate how cold it gets.
They have Quonset huts just about everywhere.
That's the main thing, because they're easy to keep warm.
And the temperature inside is about 60.
They don't let it get up more than that, because it's so dry inside.
It feels like you're suffocating.
If the temperature got up around 70, with that dryness, it just feels terrible.
Your lips get all cracked.
And I said, I've got to go to the restroom, boys.
Where is it?
And this old sourdough said, well, he said, it's kind of foggy out there.
He said, follow that yellow nylon rope.
And they have ropes.
There's a green one that goes to the.
Dining hall.
And a red one that goes over to the offices and so forth.
And then there's a yellow one that goes to this latrine.
And he said, follow the yellow nylon rope.
And so I went and used it.
Coming back on the path, it was snow.
Kind of tramped down.
It looked like a crystal laying there.
What do you smell there?
I know what those crystals are.
I know.
I know.
Okay.
It was about that big around.
And I picked it up and I got inside.
It had frost on it.
Kind of knocked with frost.
It was rough.
Knocked with frost.
And you could look at it and tell it was kind of crystalline.
And I threw it down on the table.
Wonk, wonk.
And rolled along.
I said, what kind of mineral is that, guys?
And they took one look at it.
Everyone got it and walked to the other end of the Quonset hut.
Now, I couldn't understand what it was.
And I kind of picked it up and looked at it and brushed some of that frost off of it.
And you could see it kind of glimmer and shimmer inside.
Yeah, it was a crystal.
And finally when it thawed out completely, it says, poof, it disappeared.
And it probably smelled bad, right?
I don't know.
It was too cold.
Was it frozen in a poot?
That's right.
It was frozen in a poot.

That's how I knew.
As soon as I heard it was green crystal, I was like, yep, up in South Dakota, in the
dead of winter, you'll find those around.
You don't want to bring them inside.
It takes about a minute and suddenly it all grows at once.
And, you know, usually it's dogs or not usually.
It could be about anything.
Hmm?
It could be just about anything.
Yeah.
But it's cold when you get down to that.
It's real cold.
Yep, that was Pappy.
A little bit of leftover stuff from his description of his time with the Eskimos.
And that's just a joke.
Before that we heard Dr. Howell and me and I forget who else talking about the mounted
ejaculope.
Which I'm actually looking at right now.
So you see, that's real.
And now, PR News.
From PR News in Washington, I'm singer Frank Ariklender and I'm failing to register as
a foreign singer such as Jesse Clinton and Bill Jackson for the funeral services he did
on behalf of Ukrainian singers such as former President Samuel Patton while working for
singers tied to Paul Manafort.
Manafort is set to go on trial next month on related charges of failing to sing for
the Trump administration on a renegotiated North American free foreign singer agreement.
Among the obstacles, Canada wants PR News Washington.
Members didn't make much progress and it's unclear when they'll be back.
The doubt is 23-26-10-30-80-18.
Democrats tries to racially gerrymand to dilute PR's power.
Under the rules for the hunt, fewer than 30% of the population are gay.
More than two dozen federal judges would have been allowed to be killed.
California fire officials say they're listening to the deadly PR News from Washington.
If that was the end of that show, that means this is the beginning of this show.
Or not the beginning, but we're probably kind of appearing after a bunch of cuts.
And boy, those cuts were great.
That was some great subgenius, old-timey stuff we just heard from all those things I see.
Yeah.
So, and we're back.
Thinking the same different thoughts we never thought before.
Taking you to the edge of responsibility when it comes to your reasonable logic.
Do you want to know what's really, really, really, really, really, really going on?
Or do you just want to sit there in your contrived evil tent of self-satisfaction and cold jammy glue
and expect nothing to come walking down the woods for you?
I think I'll take that lighter choice. I like that lighter choice.
I'll take the red pill.
A pear. A pumpkin or a pear.
Well, I'm going to move for a pear, not a pumpkin.
They're both vegetables.
I know in the same hermeneutic and glasovic tradition, but it doesn't mean they're related.
I mean, you know, pumpkin pie, you could have pear pie, but a pear and a pumpkin are a bit fast.
Right?
Yeah, like a turd and a duck and...
Yeah, like a duck.
Like a turd and a duck egg.
Or a duck and, you know, it's like that dish.
I don't never...it's just got such an unappetizing name, I don't think I ever want to try it.
Then there's a really long name of like when you cook a whale that's stuffed with an elephant,
that's stuffed with a horse, that's stuffed with a dog, that's stuffed with a turkey,
that's stuffed with a chicken, that's stuffed with a hummingbird,
that's stuffed with a spider that wriggled and jiggled and tickled inside her.
And of course she died.
Right.
You have to remember that part because that was after the...
Remember the intro about Benny Hoodwards and Eugene Starglick and the whole swing orchestra?
Those guys were so great back in the old days before I was at least born.
I wasn't quite in the universe.
Yeah, but I was hoping someday I could get a chance to go to planet Earth,
spread goodwill among men and women, mostly between squirrels and other small nuts.
You mean the original planet Earth?
The original one, not the Martian one later either.
I know we're all kind of distant or foreign one way or another, but I'm talking about, you know,
some people could really call the Earth, planet Earth, their home.
And we're just so rudely thrown out by the planet Earth.
Pulling the bone apart.
Onan spoke of this.
Onan spoke at length in the past and recently.
He has had more to say about it as we hear here.
And now a disclaimer written by Onan Canterbight, but it applies universally.
Friends, members of the press are here tonight.
I didn't bar them at the door because the Church of the Subgenius has nothing to hide.
That said, there are certain false rumors and misguided opinions about our faith that I need to dispel.
The Subgenius Foundation is not responsible for men or women of legal age who entirely of their own free will
listen to our podcast 24 hours a day for months on end.
And should these dues-paying subgenii elect to turn over a new life,
and offer all their worldly goods and the right of attorney to us,
well, who are we to limit their freedom to do so?
Young people who get the face of Dobbs tattooed in hidden places,
such as their kidneys or lungs,
do so without our consent or guidance.
We've never been paid to take a fall and look foolish in the eyes of rival cults.
Although we do have an outstanding invoice to that effect.
When our members find slack in their own definition of slack,
be it romance, revenge, or even some twisted form such as employment,
or a lack of social isolation,
we had nothing to do with it.
The Church of the Subgenius does not have members in every nation.
Nor do we bend the ear of popes and presidents.
Nor do we have a hand in Hollywood.
The video game industry is not large enough to do so.
It is largely under our control.
A majority of internet traffic is not directed at subgenius.com.
And therefore, we can't be blamed for your bandwidth issues.
The famous musicians and pro wrestlers and porn stars you like best
may say that they're subgeniuses,
but we neither confirm nor deny any such claim.
Our membership list is available
only to our founder, J.R. Bob Dobbs,
and only for the purpose of selling it to the men from Planet X.
Someone has even advanced the claim that we're a parody
of a mail-order mind control cult.
Is this funny to you?
Is it?
Is it?
I hear yes and I hear no.
Well, you hear this.
The Church of the Subgenius is the public face
of a race of superior mutants
older than humankind itself.
The accusations, the slanders, the mockery
we endure with a chest-bursting pride.
That war you didn't like wasn't caused by us,
and the one you did like wasn't ended by us.
We have answered every inquiry
by federal, state, and local authorities promptly,
including those times when the answer was silence.
Likewise with our prayer partners.
There is not a single documented example
of a failed prayer request among our members,
providing they prayed really hard
and in just the right way.
I hope this will satisfy the reporters in the room.
Now that I have dispelled all these red flags,
and all these reservations,
let me cast Dis-Spell.
Ladies and gentlemen, I am a subgenius.
I stand before you innocent of life's cares
and empowered to take command of any situation I survey.
I have perfect health in mind and body
and shall live in this fashion fully
as long as I so choose.
I owe no money to anyone.
I have a secure home
and permanent prospects for popularity and prosperity.
My family loves me and I them.
My friends are flashing bright lights,
strong and clever and a blessing to behold.
I have the strength of seven men,
one seventh my age.
And how did I come to this mighty stature, you ask?
How did I come to this mighty stature, you ask?
How did I come to this mighty stature, you ask?

How did I come to this mighty stature, you ask?
Because I am a subgenius.
Our founder, J.R. Bob Dobbs,
the very man whose face you see printed here
on your inner eyelid,
was not always the saint of sales.
No.
Before founding our voluntary association of brainwashed freethinkers,
Bob was among the elite of the elite of the conspiracy.
The conspiracy of normals.
Not the normal of,
it would feel normal if my friend were here today.
Or in a normal world,
that thing that happened to you would not have happened.
Or it's not normal how much noise
those subgeniuses next door can make.
Let me be the first to say,
there is a subgenius connoisseurship
for that variety of normal.
No.
I mean the normal that makes normality the norm.
Where everything not forbidden is compulsory
and even then you have to buy a license
not to do the forbidden.
I mean the conspiracy of normal
in which you're tricked into thinking
there could never be a handsome subgenius mate for me.
Or there could never be a Republican police officer
who is also a subgenius.
Bob knows all their tricks
and he will sell them to you.
He will sell them to you.
He will sell them to you.
He will sell them to you.
Me, I'll give you three conspiracy tricks for free.
First, the conspiracy wants to keep you busy,
night and day,
making sure other people know
what things out of your control you are for
and which ones you're against.
Second, the conspiracy wants you to think
it's all planned out in advance
how things are going to go for you.
How things are going to go for you.

Three tricks of the conspiracy for free
and all it costs you is the admission ticket.
You're welcome.
As every one of you full well knows
the world will end at 7 a.m. on July 5th, 1998.
The world still being here leaves us
with two and only two possible explanations.
It could be
that all Earth-based calendars are wrong
and that July 5th, 1998 is a date still ahead of us.
Perhaps the world ends tomorrow and you will die.
And if so, are you going to look back and say
gee, I sure am glad I spent all that time
head down in my phone
doing unpaid data entry work for Facebook?
Or are you going to go down while whooping it
in a blaze of glory?
Which for many of you is not true.
It's a quiet evening laughing with a few friends.
It could be we don't know when July 5th, 1998 is to be.
We practice for the arrival of the men from Planet X every year.
Sometimes several times a year just in case.
Or it could be that on July 5th, 1998
the X's came to Earth.
Bob was there to meet him
and sign the paperwork.
To sell them the Earth.
And this planet isn't Earth.
It could be that at some point
the third and fourth planet from the Sun switched places.
In part or whole.
Bob was there.
The saucers were ready to lift us up in glory.
But on the fourth planet, quote Earth, end quote.
While we were stuck on the third planet, Mars.
We don't know how or why.
All we know is that sometime in the late 1940s or early 1950s
Earth and Mars switched places.
Logic and evidence dictate that it wasn't a completely successful shift
or everyone would know about it.
Instead, that's the time period when the flying saucers appear.
It's when the mainstream media couldn't provide us with enough Martian invasion films.
It's the Cold War, except real.
Why would paranoia become cool
except as a cover-up for planetary realignment?
And the subgeni?
We seem to be the most in tune with the Martian experience.
We see the same monster movies as everybody else.
It's just that sometimes we cheer for the monster.
We can tell when a certain patch of land is Martian land.
The puzzle isn't explaining to the cycle
the fanciful and the complainers why Earth and Mars are not as they seem.
Our challenge is determining whether we must complete the transition
of this green Earth to a red Mars
or whether we should abandon this confused world altogether
and reconnoiter on the red planet.
For Mars is a planet of war.
Mars needs women.
Be you Ransom or John Carter,
you know in your heart
that Mars is the planet of naked adventure,
of good versus evil.
Mars is our home away from home.
We have our operatives at SpaceX.
Who doesn't?
But we need you, yes you,
to cast your vote dollar
and decide once and for all.
Will you be the last Martian
or the first Earthling?
Thank you, Reverend Dr. Uncle Onan Canterbight
for that disclaimer rant.
And thank you, CyberChomp,
for the background music.
Which ended beautifully just now.
And then kept going.
Hear, hear. Hear, hear. That was great.
Thank you, Onan Canterbight.
I received my former home of employment
where I was working before.
I received a threatening email
about my disgusting Onanism.
And many of the people who saw it
didn't think it was quite as funny
because they didn't know who Onan was
or what Onanism was.
But apparently they had some picture of me,
he claimed,
of me masturbating
to a photo of a person who was underage,
a girl who was actually a girl.
Another woman.
And if I did not submit to his will
and pay him $1.5 billion in Bitcoin,
I got that same email.
I got that same...
You did?
Yes, I got that same spam scam.
Yes, I did.
Everybody got that letter, Dave.
Everybody got that letter.
And only the ones that were guilty believed it.
I didn't believe it because I...
It's like, no, that's not the kind of pornography
that I was going to do.
I masturbate to.
It's just exactly the opposite, in fact.
I know.
I'm a three-students man myself.
I didn't think it was that important.
I'm usually looking at, you know,
if I'm going to be masturbating for sexual purposes,
I'm usually looking at
invertebrate photography websites and things.
I have special tastes.
I'm a subgenius.
I mean, human and subgenius gals
or whatever are fine,
but, you know,
then there's your octopus on ecstasy.
Or you could save the ecstasy for yourself
and just go out with a prairie squid.
They don't have to be convinced.
Or wooed.
They don't have to be wooed or courted.
They're ready to go.
They're swingers.
Yeah.
And you don't have to worry about
their shirt sizes either
because they're kind of as spanning and contracted
as they would.
You can't get a disease from them
but only from the sloppy leftovers
that might be squeezing out the edges.
Yeah.
I don't like them shaved.
I mean, I like them.
If you're going to buy one that's dead
in the supermarket wrapped in cellophane,
yeah, of course they're going to shave that.
But, you know, out in nature, in the wild,
it just doesn't seem right.
It seems like they're supposed to be
hirsute and funky and, you know,
giggling and slimy around us.
They do.
Right.
My folks come right out and say
when they're explosive is when they're best.
They're tastiest.
You can't get them too close to any kind of sunlight,
especially in the summertime.
It gives above 85 degrees Fahrenheit.
Oh, they get pretty rank pretty fast.
I remember that one ecstasy drill.
And they just didn't know their own.
Yeah.
We had a prairie squid in a cooler in a tent
as a kind of an experiment.
And there was a sign, a handmade sign outside the tent.
It said great big letters that said,
Prairie squid love, 50 cents, come inside.
And even with the cooler,
we had to throw the cooler away
because it got so nasty in there.
But, you know, the sad thing is, Dave,
at the end of that ecstasy,
I wanted to collect the money
and see how much we'd made.
There were three quarters.
50 cents, right?
Three quarters.
I don't think that other quarter was a tip.
Maybe it was.
But I'm sure half of them didn't even pay.
Well, they just snuck in there.
And when they left, they were ready to pay,
put money in the little can.
But then they thought, oh, nobody's going to know.
I'll save that 50 cents for something I really need,
like ice cream.
Well, some people have a hunger,
a hunger for the non-absurd,
a hunger for things being right and normal
and obsequious and informal.
And, you know, you just can't,
you can't just send people off
into a totally different Hemingway variety
than, you know, and wake up,
they're fishing off of a boat somewhere.
I've had so many adventures,
and I've learned that boring is actually really, really good.
Yeah.
Boring is just great compared to exciting,
because exciting frequently ends up being a little too exciting.
Yeah, you got to do too much stuff or else, you know.
Yeah, sometimes the excitement wasn't exactly what you signed up for.
So, I mean, when I was young, I never would have said this,
but now that I'm,
uh,
at a permanent nap level,
whatever,
still alive anyway, apparently,
I kind of appreciate boredom in a way that I never did before.
Yeah.
I mean, you can do all kinds of things.
You can mumble about the rocks.
I've seen these same group of individuals
go down to the beach where I live,
and they mumble at the rocks as they walk by,
you know, like the gravel, stone, things like that,
as if they were all different,
had different personalities.
They mumble about bread,
and I'm not talking about any kind of,
you know, really good bakery bread.
I'm talking about the kind they give you out on food stamps.
Oh, boy.
Dave, you see some pretty interesting and boring things,
both as you wander the lake side there, don't you,
in Ashtabula, Ohio?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I can, you know, you can technically walk all the way
on a certain route, which, whose name I won't mention.
You can walk all the way from Pennsylvania to Cleveland.
And I'm not counseling anybody to, you know,
take a ride or a walk tonight and everything,
but you can do that.
You go through all kinds of neighborhoods and villages,
many towns and big towns.
Is that the Erie Canal?
No, the Erie Canal stretches to the south,
more towards the land of Wisteria and places like that.
Oh.
Okay.
But there's the canal, there was a canal,
a vast canal system near Cleveland area,
but I forget the name of it.
And somebody said that's where the graves were,
they would put the Irish laborers.
Well, there's the Erie Canal,
which is different from the Erie Canal.
Yeah, and it's...
The Erie Canal is straight Erie,
whereas the Erie Canal is just, it's sort of Erie,
but it's Erie-ish.
Sort of Erie.
The Erie-ish Canal, they could have called it.
Yeah, it's a little spooky too, so they call it,
but it could be a little Erie.
Yeah.
Yeah, but, you know, if you get an infection in the Erie Canal,
you don't want that.
You end up like me, having to put on headphones
and earmuffs at the same time and crank it all the way up.
Virtual goggles and a helmet and...
That's next.
One of those lances like Sir Galahad used to wear when he was, you know, keen.
Hey, Dave, we weren't going to talk about how old we are,
so let's cut to something.
I know, we'll cut to us when we were young,
or somebody who's young, or was young.
Yeah, or something young.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.

.
.
.
.
Friends, I have a confession to make.
I did a dumb thing. There was this this annual fossil convention here in the
tiny town of Glen Rose, Texas because this is a very fossiliferous area and
it's famous for dinosaur tracks. So I go to this convention every year. It's one
of the biggest events of my year, seriously. I'm a bit of a being in junior
scientist, amateur paleontologist specializing in Cretaceous marine life
fossils because that's what we have around here. In fact that's what my
driveway is made of. But I'm always on the lookout for the ones I'll never find
here. And this last fossil mania convention as they're called, I was
pretty good. I learned my lesson from last year and I went in with a
buzz.
I had a budget of $100. I wasn't gonna spend a penny more than that. I
photographed everything on display that the vendors had and then went
home and decided what I was gonna get and I stuck to that list and I spent
exactly $99. Then I saw something I couldn't afford. It was too good to be
true.
It was a
complete dinosaur skeleton or actually a marine reptile skeleton and embedded in
rock. So it's not exactly, well we don't know, but it's only about four inches
long. There were very small marine reptiles that looked just like a
plesiosaurus. They just weren't giant like a plesiosaurus. They were little like
swimming lizards. In fact the name of this one, scientific name, is the name of a
plesiosaurus. One of the scientific names is Sinohydrosaurus. No, Sinohydrosaurus.
Which means Chinese water lizard. And it was only a hundred and sixty bucks. Now to
some people that may sound like a lot. To other people, like my advisor Pease, it's an obvious
fake. It's from China. It's a fake. Well there's reasons why it could be real. There is a
formation in China where a lot of these little fossils have shown up much like
the Green River Formation fish fossils that one finds in Wyoming. They're
everywhere. They're a dime a dozen. They're great fossils. They show complete
fish skeleton laying there where it died.
Must have been a gigantic guy off of that formation. And something similar may have
happened with the Sinohydrosaurus. But I slept on it. I went, man, I've got to have this
thing. The guy vending it said, well, you know, this will be the last time you see something
like this because China has outlawed exporting these. And I thought, oh God, I've got to,
I've got to.

I've got to pick up on this. But I did sleep on it. And the next morning I went there and I bought
it. And I showed it to several other paleontology buffs and a couple of working actual
paleontologists. And they oohed and aahed over it. And they looked at it through my little
jeweler's magnifying glass. And nobody said, well, I hate to tell you this, man, but it's fake.
Of course, the vendor was packing up his stuff right next to us. But so that may have been part
of it. I'm pretty sure it's fake, friends. I got it home. A couple of days later, I pulled out my
stereo microscope, which is much more powerful than a hand magnifying glass, but a low power
microscope. Well, the skull and tail are painted on.
And there's, they've been slightly carved out to give it a bit of a 3D feel, but it's definitely
paint. The center of it might, there might be a real fossil there. There may be a little tiny
pelvis and bit of a spine, maybe even a flipper, but they've been painted over and all the missing
parts have been painted on them. Really certain from looking through the microscope that a guy
with exactly that kind of microscope in China.
Was sitting there and whipping out one of these things every hour or so. And he got really good
at making them look believable. Whoa, that's the alarm that says we're all going to die.
If we don't take our pills, I'll have to remember that. Anyway, what all this is about,
I'm still displaying the thing. It's not a loss because a replica of this good would cost $160.
Even if it was advertised as such. And it just goes in my hoax fossil collection,
which are mostly built by me and my wife, Princess We Are Doe. We have a devil fossil.
We have the fossil of an alien skeleton. It's an alien, but it was an alien that died
six, a hundred million years ago.
In the lower Cretaceous. We have a robot fossil of a robot that probably belonged to that alien.
And of course, a whole family of cave subgeniuses.
So my realistic looking fake plesiosaur skeleton could go in there, but
praise the subgeniuses. This subgenius named Eddie Romanoff, I'll call him Reverend Eddie
Romanoff.
Because for him to even be on the scrub genius forum means he must have sent me 35 bucks
at some point in the past.
He has an explanation that I much prefer. And it goes like this. Pull the wool over
your own eyes and embrace the alternative truth. Clearly, the foul agents of the con-spiracy
painted over that fossil to make you think.
I think it was a fake when in reality it is actual physical evidence of the first reptiloid
phase of our race from the Pennsylvanian era.
Excuse me, I have to cough every hour. I'm very cold.
You will recall from standard film strip 87, Bob visits the dinosaurs. And dinosaurs is
in quotes just like Bob.
You'll recall from that that the newly engineered reptilian subgenie quickly regretted forsaking
their amphibian forms when the political climate of the late Carboniferous suddenly turned
against them and a horde of rampaging mushroom headed Trumposauri came swarming up from the
valleys and laid siege to Fort Sikistni.
Our ancestors had been there for a long time. They were the first to have ever seen a dinosaur.
That was the first time we had seen one.

We had no choice but to return to the waters of the Monongahela, a titanic struggle still
preserved in the coal seams of the Monongahela Formation.
I mean, that is why you picked that particular house in Cleveland, right?
Didn't you notice, asks Eddie Romanoff, the other end of the coal seam that the con lit
on fire in Centralia, Pennsylvania?
Or the tunnel drain?
It does look familiar…

I have plenty of friendlies family friends, you know, like your husband.
We destroyed Itat sat co fuel and it was our idea we fucked up half a difference a three
nos with a thousand dollars in Marcellus.
I remember that great era we lived in in the years to come.

gas to power their foolish society as it limps alarm on ever more scarce fossil fuels.
They may even flood our bunkers with their toxic spew, but they will never take our freedom.
Praise Bob!
Hail Slack!
Our kind shall triumph!
Tune in next time when we'll talk about the second reptiloid phase and the legendary natural
stone Standing Bong of Huntington County.
And I had to respond.
I said, that's it!
I'm weeping with joy.
This is the spiel I will adapt to go with the display of the excellent fake fossil in
my destructionist evidences museum and sanitarium.
That killer rant explains everything.
I think I even have some samples of the fart glass.
They strangely resemble beer bottles.
Half melted.
Half melted in brush fires and burning piles of unwanted cedars.
But, like the Atlantean artifacts that dot this place, if you really examine them closely,
the evidence is unquestionable.
Uh, oh, and then I went on to continue.
Say, Eddie, did you know this is Eddie Romanoff I'm talking to?
Did you know that my real name is Romanoff too?
Not Stang or Smith, but, well, technically Rasputin.
Romanoff.
I don't have the blood of the Tsar coursing through my veins, but my great grandma, the
Tsarina, is sure in there, as well as the genes of a certain bug-eyed, long-haired,
mad monk who couldn't be fully killed unless you killed him five times.
Of course, my side of the family had to be banished and brainwashed and disguised and
sent to the colonies, but they did pretty well there and one of them signed the Declaration
of Independence.
Under a patent-free law.
I don't want to say that name because it's also my brother's name and he's sensitive
about being made fun of for it.
But yeah, we were the actual rightful heirs to the crown jewels of all the Russians.
Me and my brother and sister.
Damn the Bolsheviks.
They screwed up everything.
Everything was going great, but then they went and messed it all up.
I hate commies.
Well, I have some respect for the Viet Cong, the smart warriors, but the rest of the commies,
I don't want to say it in front of women and children.

Socialism, sure, I'm probably a socialist, but screw the commies and the Nazis and white
supremacists and anti-Semites and rapers.
Screw all that crap.
Sorry I get worked up.
So yeah, it turns out my adopted child's cynohydrosaurus skeleton is probably just a good miniature
painting by some hunched over nearsighted scientist.


Figarette addicted, talented Chinese with a low power microscope and a three hair paintbrush
who probably got three bucks for his work if that.
God, what planet have we found ourselves on?
Friends, this is all wrong.
But hey, we can find humor in it because we're sick.
And now this.
Has this ever happened?
Oh, it should have been there, Ted.
It was great.
There was free booze, great music, one of the best parties I ever went to.
Where were you that night?
Oh, I just kind of stayed home and watched TV.
I guess I should have gone, huh?
Didn't you feel stupid?
Didn't you wish you could go back to that night, that party?
Well, maybe now there's a way to learn how to do that very thing.
Introducing Bob's School of Time Control.
At Bob's, you'll learn how to speed time, slow time, and make time run backwards.
Thank you, Lurden.
But most importantly, you'll be learning how to make time work for you.
How you may ask?
Well, just ask this man here, an actual graduate of Bob's School of Time Control.
One day my dog ran out in front of a truck.
Blango.
My dog was dead.
Was I sad till I met Bob.
Bob showed me how I could go back, get the registration number for the car, do a slip
job on the brakes, and wouldn't you know it, that truck went off into a ditch and burst
into flames just exactly a block before he could hit old Booger.
Ain't that right, fella?
Yes.
Imagine the horrible things that could be undone tomorrow if you had only gone to Bob's
School of Time Control today.
Courses start yesterday, but you can catch up.
Just right.
Bob's School of Time Control, the universe.
Bob's School of Time Control, a division of Subgenius Industries Unlimited.
Friends, I read here in the weekly news called The Week that there's a new ice world that
raises Planet Nine hope.
Yes, astronomers have discovered a dwarf planet in the very outer reaches of our solar
system, a find that may point the way to a long-hypothesized ninth large planet lurking
somewhere far beyond Pluto.
Nicknamed the Goblin, the roughly 200-mile-wide dwarf planet follows an extremely elongated
orbit.
Right now, the ice world is as close as it gets to the surface.



The
Goblin is about 2.5 times farther than Pluto.
At the most distant end of its 40,000-year orbit, the Goblin will be more than 200 billion
miles from the Sun.
Because the Goblin is beyond the gravitational pull of the solar system's giants Jupiter,
Saturn, Uranus and Neptune, the scientists believe that something else must have shaped
its unusual orbit.
This is where the elusive Planet Nine comes in.
The Goblin is the third small planet of its kind to have been discovered in the outer
solar system, and the orbits of all three appear to be clustered together.
That suggests that distant worlds are being shepherded by a massive undiscovered object,
possibly a dwarf.
The Goblin is the third largest planet in the solar system, and possibly our solar system's
ninth large planet.
Astronomer Scott Shepard says the Goblin's discovery isn't a slam dunk for Planet Nine
believers, but it makes the mysterious planet's existence look more likely than not.
Something else that was discovered to have been in existence, and still are, is a lot
more Mayan structures than we know.
And more than anybody ever, well, than most people ever dreamed were there.
Archaeologists have uncovered tens of thousands of ancient Mayan structures in Guatemala using
a groundbreaking new laser mapping technology.
The researchers flew over 830 square miles of dense forest in a plane equipped with a
LiDAR device, which rained millions of light pulses on the canopy to reveal the contours
of the ground beneath.
The survey revealed an astonishing...
...and this is a lie.
This is astonishing.
...61,480 Mayan structures, many of them never seen before.
There were large houses and temples, 60 miles of causeways, roads and canals, even defensive
fortifications such as moats, which suggest the Maya came under attack from other Central
American peoples.
The discoveries provide a unique snapshot of the Maya, who lived in the region from
about 1000 B.C. to 1550 A.D.

And should help scientists understand more about their population size, agricultural
techniques and conflicts.
After analyzing the scans, the researchers explored the jungle at ground level to verify
some of their findings.
We were all humbled, lead author Marcello Canuto tells the Post.
All of us saw things we had walked over and we realized, oh wow, we totally missed that.
So, there you have it.

There you go friends.
Hidden planets and hidden cities of the ancient astronauts.
Or basically a really advanced civilization that predated everybody else.
Yes sir, I like subgenius.
No sir, I don't like pink boys.
Yes sir, I love Bob.
No sir.
No sir, I do not want to stop Bob.
I want Bob in every tree.
I just want to give my feast to the thousands.
In every flower, in every bee, in every leaf, in every twig, in every cow, in every pig.
Yes, deep fried as it is.
They brought out the best in Bob's fish and laid it upon the other water and foul and
little stinky things.
I want to see him in the sky.
And everybody saw and everybody ate and it was kind of nice for all those people.
Dear Bob who floats above the ground, I long to hear the mournful sound that's made when
you emerge from the sky.




I want to see you from space and come to this, my dwelling place.
Dear Bob, each night while I'm asleep, I hope to my house you will creep and poke your pipe
in through the wall so I'll be burned remembering all.
Dear Bob, it's time to close my eyes.
Remember now.
It's no surprise if I should be found dead someday.
I'll think that you were in the way.
Oh, gimme Bob.
Confusing that face.
Oh, gimme Bob.

Confusing that face.
With my own.
Can't remember my place.
And that's it.
That's, did we get an hour?
Oh, it's an hour and 20 minutes.
And my whole plan was to do an hour and then do two shows that had a half hour of the old,
of us being old and a half hour of youngsters being young.
Oh, my God.
Or us being young from the day.
So there's plenty.
There's enough for three shows.
You all sound like we're on helium.
Huh?
In the old recordings, you all sound like we're on helium.
Yeah.
Well, sometimes that's the fault of the cassette players, which weren't exactly crystal sync.
And half of them were wind up, powered by rubber bands.
So, yeah.
So they weren't, they didn't keep perfect sync.
But, yeah.
The squeaky voices and, it's us when we were little babies of 40, of a mere 45 or 50.
Children, innocence, with our pants down, caught that way every time.
Deer in the headlights caught with their pants down.
That's us.
There's that cough again.
I was productive that time.
Jeez.
That's good.
That means it's starting to go away.
Because it was just a horrible, painful bark.
It came on every half hour.
I wasn't sleeping well.
I had my expectorants and things, but, and my suppressants.
I don't know.
Maybe you shouldn't take both at once, but.
I took the red pill and the black pill.
The blue pill.
And next thing I knew I was stuck in the bathroom for days.
So, careful kids.
Don't eat your dog's medicals.
Well, that's a power note.
Yeah.
This, the music in the background has actually been perfect.
Brian Henke again, from an album called The Nature of Light.
A Cleveland guitar player.
That's all he does, play guitar.
He plays it real, real good.
Like Leo Kottke, sort of.
Or John Fahey.
I even went to a Kottke concert when I was in guitar aficionado.
Okay, Dave, let's go sleepy by.
Okay.
Man, this little digital recorder's gonna be real glad to be turned off.
It's sweating.
Okay.
Well, let me know what's happened.
Okay, man.
Okay, man.
See ya.
Okay, now we can talk about the really important stuff that we can't talk about on the air,
on broadcast radio.
Oh, yeah.
Because the Hour of Slack is on my phone.

I mean, I mean, my phone is on my phone.
I'm gonna have to go to the radio.
I don't know if you have it on, but I've got the radio on.






We can do anything.
We can do as crash as possible, as available.
We can, this is the, this is our one chance to let you know that, we know that you're
tired of that old begging recording that I stuck at the end of all those shows.
and this is the new one. And we're not even begging. We're just selling you the ordainment
kit, the subgenius ministers kit or membership kit. It's $35 plus a 375 postage, I think,
unless you're overseas, in which case it's like 150 bucks postage. But you'll see when you get on
subgenius.com, right at the top, it says become an ordained minister. You click on that
and you'll see a picture of all the cool stuff. The package that you get, aside from the fact
that you're now a damn minister, okay, you could really can perform weddings. In fact, I did one
tonight. I signed the papers for my niece, Jessica, and that lucky sumbitch, Guillermo.
And I did it for them for free because they're relatives. He's my nephew-in-law now. But anyway,
friends, you can do that.
You can perform weddings, and I usually get about 200 bucks from civilians. You can do burials.
Unfortunately, you can't do divorces, and that's where the real money is. But for your 35 bucks,
you will get inside a large, puffy envelope, you'll get a black folder that has, for one thing,
your subgenius minister.
You'll get a card that says you're an ordained minister, but also all the kind of things you'd expect
from a fan club, such as a decoder ring that only we can decode. You won't be able to do it.
It looks like a little metal button with Bob on it.
No, you will need some assistance, or actually divine intervention.
You get eternal salvation.
Or triple your money back.
Right, of course.
Or, yeah.
Two really, really fancy-looking documents.
The all-inclusive excuse.
And the doctorate of the forbidden sciences, which both look fantastic framed on your law office wall.
Hint, hint to all those lawyers out there who haven't joined yet.
But the main thing about membership is the feeling you get that you finally really did support the Hour of Slack
and the subgenius Facebook pages and all the other stuff that's free.
And you helped Reverend Stang pay his half of the mortgage.
And it allows us to keep doing this and so forth.
So friends, send that $35.
Actually, make it $40 with postage.
Or $38.75.
Okay, $38.75.
You can write a check to Subgenius Foundation.
You can do it online and use a credit card.
You can technically call us and give us a credit card number, but we hate doing that because,
oh wait, I'm not deaf anymore.
I guess I could take those calls.
Yes, you can take those now.
Anyway, friends, yeah.
Really.
$35.
And you get to write...
And you've got to mention the post office box, both in Ohio and in Texas.
Don't forget that, Reverend Orville Stange.
Right, that's post office box.
And during the winter months, it's subgenius at post office box 807, Glen Rose, Texas, 76043.
During the summer...
Summer and fallish, springish sort of months, it's subgenius at P.O. Box 181417, Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Oh, I remembered it.
Yeah, that's...
Don't be a gimme bob, friends.
Don't be...
Be a bommie gimme.
I mean, it's really not cool to not send in your $35.
It's...
It's the one-time thing.
And from then on, I'll speak to you.
That's about the only way that's going to happen.
Yeah.
Also, you'll get to...
It's the most important.
You'll get to look at the members-only internet forum called Scrub Genius.
And believe it or not, there's some really intelligent writing on that thing.
It's nothing like Facebook.
So...
And the reason is?
Because we can...
I can kick out anyone I want.
And I've never kicked anyone out.
Because Susie the Floozy always does it instead.
Reverend Susie the Floozy's on Scrub Genius, friends.
And that's the only way you can be Reverend Susie the Floozy's friend.
And I know you want to be friends with Reverend Susie the Floozy.
With a name like that, she must be purdy and sexy and just ready to jump in bed with anybody.
Well, some of those things are true.
She is really purdy and sexy.
She is purdy and sexy.
And she's really, really funny.
And friends, that's why you must join the Church of the Subgenius.
Get...
How valuable...
Get slack.
The real thing.
Yeah, exactly.
How invaluable of a trick-or-treat bag is this?
When you think of all the things you've gone through in your subservient lives out there,
waiting for one day or the next for something to change or happen.
This will actually change your life, friends.
I don't mean to call you friends speciously because I'm not in that form of mood.
I'm a nice person.
I could just as easily say something very vicarious and argumentative about you.
But I don't know you.
And that's the problem.
Sort of solve that problem.
Vote for the Church of the Subgenius by becoming a preordained ministry.
Because ministration is a very important part of our existence.
If we didn't have it, we wouldn't have it.
Price Bob.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
























And with that, friends, thank you and good night.
Okay, but we're still on the fun day.
Buenas noches.
Buenas noches.
Buenas, buenas.
Are we done?
Well, we're...
Yeah.
Yeah, we're done.
I'm afraid...
Okay, I'm going to actually turn the recorder off and that means we really are done.
