From PR News in Washington, I'm favoring the rich over the poor.
U.N. spokesman Stefan Dujarric is already hyped as debate moves forward.
Secretary General Kofi Annan feels it's productive to do so, especially in New York.
President Bush signed a letter opposing the president's policies.
The letter accuses the president of publishing a picture of Mrs. Bush in yesterday's newspaper.
The president published more photographs today.
First Lady Laura Bush said they were forced to leave behind comrades who collapsed from exhaustion and PR news.
This is official information by responsible authorities.
Don't obtain further information and advice.
Depend on government radio.
Tune your radio to any local station that is broadcasting.
The Self-Genius Program.
Follow whatever instructions are given.
There should be no verse in English.
After all, English is not the language of love.
No? Listen.
German, German.
Oh, German.
Listen.
German, German.
German, German.

German, German.
I can't live with you.
Stand by. Stand by.
Well, what happens next, man? Go on. I'm cold. Tell me. Tell me more about how you...
Well, there was this dinosaur, you see. Yeah, that's it.
Hey, I saw a cop over there. Maybe we should act a little more cool.
Okay.
Okay.
Move on.
What is it? Some kind of a rally?
I think so. Who's that guy with the funny mustache?
Hey, maybe we can get some spare change if we just, uh...
A spare... spare... spare tire? Uh... spare... uh... change?
Hey, spare ribs, buddy?
Seems to be some kind of... route.
Hey, Mac, how about coughing up five bucks for a bottle of coffee?
Pfft.
Pfft.
Pfft.
Pfft.
Pfft.
Pfft.
Didn't seem to work.
Oh, it's a console.
Hey, you just heard the great Paul Martin recreating one of the banjo favorites of the year.
Friends, welcome to, um, the, uh, whatever this is, uh, talk.
Oh, that's right, I had a subject matter.
I'm Reverend Ivan Stang, and I was supposed to talk about, uh, what was the... what's left of the right side of Bob's brain.
Yeah.
And let's just get this over with real quick.
He's... the... the left side of... in the left side of his brain, nothing is right.
And on the right side of his brain, there's nothing left.
So, now we can all go to dinner!
Uh, I was, uh, kind of horrified to see a bunch of people praising Bob in the old-fashioned Bob way.
Somebody, you know, just chanting his name. That was enough for me at one time.
I've... I've been doing this for twenty years.
And it's gotten to the point now where we've had to deal with subgenius kooks.
Subgenius fundamentalists.
Oh, wow.
Imagine that.
And, uh, so we've kind of... I... I... it's hard for me to sometimes get pumped up in the old-fashioned, back-to-the-panflet way,
because I'm in a preventative mode now.
It's like we sold him this, uh... we sold him the insanity.
We sold him the mental illness.
And now we're trying to sell him the cure, basically.
So, uh, I mean, I don't want to be heard promoting sanity, okay?
But there... it came a point where we had to draw a line.
Sort of. We never did draw the... it's a very blurry line.
Friends, uh, I guess I... I don't recognize everybody in here.
And that's real good. That means I'm not preaching to the choir.
And they... none of whom could sing very well in the first place.
They'd be like,

You're not interesting anymore, boys.
Well, so, the... the... the tutorial...
That's, like, very different.
every time you see
yes if you're not getting enough fibrous mass in your diet for
For digestive purposes, you'll want to eat new oats and groats, a subgenius cereal.
It's made out of 100% natural rock juice, tree bark, and stillborn bean sprouts.
It's the vegetable cereal that Bob Dobbs himself attempts to eat,
but he breaks his teeth on its rocky consistency every morning.
And there's a free plastic dinosaur in every package.
So get oats and groats, or get lost.
From PR News in Washington, I'm trying to get into the country.
The president of Uzbekistan clearly had no idea he was creating PR News.
PR's bad. PR's bad.
The military says conspiracy theorists have long suggested a second gay sex party near the Syrian border.
Also in Baghdad today, a top Iraqi foreign ministry official was assassinated by PR News, Washington.
Yeah, by Fernanda Nandeli-Murr.
Their friend says it was mostly...
Most of our opening and other holes accept what came from Puzzling Evidence Show,
with Dr. Howell, Doug Wellman, Gary Gabrogfan, Lies, and Bob Nelson.
And this show, number 997, has some ranting from Winterstar.
But first, and now, the great groovy Neptune.
Watch the crowd on TV.
Watch the crowd on TV.
Watch the crowd on TV.
Watch the crowd on TV.
Watch Bob on TV.
Watch Bob on TV.
On TV.
Head for the mountains.
Where the beer flows in the fountain, boys.
Drunk like a bum, counting up his counts.
I'm so astounded in the flip of things.
A effect of a trip you rigged, whatever the set.
It's dissection of the insect intellect, boy.
I tell ya.
Bug brain go-bots.
While the animals they drop one after another, that X marks the spot.
Boys, I tell ya.
Them brains infected with their master's blood.
Get out of my face!
That blocker'll shut you up gentle and bent and
do next to nothing with up to the

If some get to say, you're from the Straw Hats!

in, Fred's Base, Dupont that's the H2O unit for life.
Kid must be stifled to overcome a every smoke, every wrecked guard, haven't you?

I've had my hands flashed across the roof.
Come on, child.
You can take my hand.
Blessed is the day you give up your own control
over your own lame brain.
Do you love the queen of pussies?
Pretending you know what the game is,
but who really deals the cards?
You as long as me.
We're both retards.
Everyone, I believe,
I used to believe that everyone thought
they were really secretly down,
deep down inside I used to believe
everybody thinks they're different and weird and special.
I was wrong.
I lost a lot of money under that assumption,
overestimating the intelligence of the American public.
But I do think that everybody,
pretty much everybody,
thinks that they're a little smarter than the next guy.
And dumbasses know they are.
They are sure that,
and I so frequently think that I must be a dumbass,
breaking my toe chewing gum and walking and stuff like that.
It happens that so often I go,
God, what a dumbass.
That itself gives me the tiny vestige of hope
that maybe, maybe I might actually be a little smarter
than most people after all,
just because I was aware that I was a dumbass.
Or rather, more correctly,
I sometimes think, well, maybe I have at least half a brain.
And it turns out what I ended up having
was more like half a brain cell.
Luckily, my wife has the other half.
So we've still, as long as we're together, we can function.
But, you know, Einstein, people like Einstein, Lincoln, Mark Twain,
undoubtedly smart guys,
probably thought that they themselves were dumbasses,
and they were right,
even though they were right.
Even though we know they were a little smarter than most people,
because friends, we are, all of us, dumbasses.
Truly, none of us really, really knows for sure
what's really going on.
And everything really is vanity.
And what the bleep do we know?
Friends, it all is, in fact, vanity.
And that said, all dumbasses are not created equal.
And some are dumber than others.
It is true.
And generally, the dumber they are,
the more certain they are that they're right,
that they're a little smarter than most people.
That's that incredible confidence that the true dumbass has,
that he has quit being a dumbass.
And they sometimes have followers.
Because there's always going to be lots of,
little private assholes looking for a major asshole
who'll tell them what to do and boss them around.
And so many people need a guru or a teacher or a master,
basically a Mac philosophy that they can follow.
That some other guy's made up rule book that worked for his life,
because maybe his life's better.
Isn't that sad?
And if so, the follower types just have to hope that their leader
is not itself another follower.
Because there's a long line of guys,
dumbasses teaching each other how to rook lesser dumbasses.
Because you end up being a follower follower.
Or in the subgenius world, we call them Bobbies.
I understand that out at Brushwood,
we have a festival out there ourselves every year.
Well, this will be the last one,
because the world will end this time.
But we have this end of the world festival
at Brushwood, and they call us the Bobs out there,
the staff at Brushwood.
They don't call us Bobbies, which is nice,
because that's an insult.
They call us the Bobs.
No, that's, you know,
they don't call the Moonies the Moons.
This is Margie Laughlin, and Margie,
you were in the church, the state church, for a while.
What was your first contact like?
They were very friendly, and they kept contacts up.
They were always trying to call me,
and what they call lovebombs,
they send me little letters and things like that.
And they just, they gained my trust as friends,
and then they started slowly indoctrinating me through that.
And how did you get out?
My parents rescued me off of the Iowa City campus,
and I was deprogrammed.
I'm free, running through the pastures
and through the cornfields, through the cornfields.
His life was devoted to the Reverend Happy Watkins,
who he believed was the most important person
to the Messiah.
Church and state church.
Cults in the United States.
Programmed twice.
Church and state church.
Cult seminar.
Lovebombing.
Brainwashing.
Hootenannies and Stove Downs.
I wish I was dead.
Brainwashing.
Information overload.
Programmers.
Steve became a robot.
In a monotonous way.
Steve's real concern was to please the Reverend Happy Watkins.
Programming ensued, and months and months of
Reverend Happy Watkins.
Wasted.
A lot of the friends that I met in the cult
realized how crazy the whole thing was.
A lot of things that happened to me in the cult,
a lot of the friends that I met in the cult,
will come back to me and have a desire to want to run back there.
So I just have to run back there.
I said, Bob, he's a pilot drone of mine.
Oh yeah.
All the gray star and radar.
Mom and pop.
He pipped and popped.
And, uh, tipped and tap.
I said, uh, Bob.
I said, Bob, he's a pilot drone of mine.
I sees a civic, deified dad.
A level-eyed tut-tut.
A giga-gagaboot up.
A pole of a bug.
I said, Bob.
I said, Bob.
Oh yeah.















Dog is a palindrome mind
Long with race car and radar
Mom and pop
And hip and pat
And tickle and tat
I said I'm Bob
Do geese see God?
Murder for a jar of red rum
Some men interpret nine memos
Never honor Eve
Don't gnaw, don't gnaw
Dogma, I am God
Rats live on no evil star
Was it Elliot's toilet I saw?
No trace, not one carbon
Go hang a salami
I'm a lasagna hog
I dissent
Go deliver a dare vile dog
Madam and Eden, I'm Adam
I die a dot-ca
Satan sees Natasha
Lisa Bonet ate her basil
Geese sing
Oscillate my metallic sonatas
Antina in the guard
Dream of Gryffindor



Super Mario
I said I'm Bob
I'm a musical palindrome mind
Oh yeah
Fuck i'll laugh
All craft your friends
As long as they play
Was that weird song Bob is a palindrome of mine?
And now, Lemurian PR News.
From PR News in Washington, I'm not good enough.
President Bush says he expects to be held without foreign interference.
Mr. Bush left 16 people dead and scores of others injured.
Mr. Bush said beans is like a foreign clean-burning alternative fuel.
On Wall Street today, 10-2-10-7-7-7.
Police are investigating another PR news discovered in a grave in Washington.
I'm a woman, so I have chafing.
Introducing new chafing from the makers of chafing.
See this unique delicate skin?
New fast-acting itch spray. It even sprays down.
Diminish our intelligence. Diminish our intelligence.
Imperialism in this country.
We're gonna try to control what our people read and say and think.
Transfer.
Transform.
The United States FBI from the communists.
To build a peaceful world.
We know that the greatest threat to us.
Is a man keeping you down.
Universally despised.
Is a man keeping you down.
Maybe I'm overly naive.
Is a man keeping you down.
In this country.
The government didn't know I was working for the government.
In this country.
Gestapo secret police.
Is a man keeping you down.
Now I'm gonna tell you why.
How we're not gonna fight.
Well I will not be held down by the man.
Okay? I will not.
Fine.
The man wants to pay me $5.50 an hour.
He deserves to get ripped off.
Okay? Same way I am.
He rips me off. I rip him off.
It's a matter of...
It's maintaining self-respect.
I want to talk to you again.
You guys have been looking for a war, haven't you?
That's right, Rick. That's why we're starting.
You may have started, Joe, but we'll finish it.
So you're a psychiatric resident?
Yes.
What does that mean exactly?
I witness the horrors of humanity.
Wow. I hear ya.
You are the trip...
What are you?
A synthetic approximation of a socially interactive human.
Okay. While you wait, do you want to learn some business?
For the moment, I am just a man.
I am a machine.
And yet, someday, I may be fully alive and aware.
Look, I tried to contact God myself this afternoon.
He had no comment.
CNN doesn't always get it right, but it goes pretty well if you watch it on Fox.
You will stand up with me and tell him to shut up.
Shut up. Shut up. Shut up. Shut up. Shut up.
I just... I think it's odd when people say,
God talked to me and God made this...
Give up the death penalty.
The arrogance of Ann.
Amazing here. The arrogance of Ann.
I actually like Ann.
An instinctive revulsion.
Tucker, you're way out to lunch on this one, my friend.
Rule over one night.
Stomp on a bush doll.
The Supreme Court labored forth and came.
Stomp on a bush doll.
The abortion... the... the...
A bush doll.
The abortion... the... the... biggest bush doll.
Ann has become trouble recently.
It shows a very weak ego, in my opinion.
I think if you're as strong as you say you are, anything I've got to say can't hurt you.
Stop killing each other and take care of yourself.
Better care of the poor. Two issues not exactly at the top of the Bush agenda.
The courts are killing us.
Arrogant.
The United States of America.
I believe that the Roman Catholic Church is a false church.
Arrogant.
It teaches a false gospel and the Pope himself holds a false and unbiblical office.
Arrogant.
He's a Southern Baptist for pizza.
Do you have a First Amendment right?
Would have met my derriere.
There's no right to be a clown.
Could whack your child.
Whack your child.
We need more teachers beating people about the face and head.
Ridiculing.
Laughing.
Incredibly impossible.
Come.
Come.
Come.
Come.
Come.
Who's a Boy Scout?
How messed up is America today?
Gave Boy Scouts into the Boy Scouts.
That won't be a problem for me.
That won't be a problem for me.
Gave.
Force.
Force.
Force.
Force.
Gave.
Gave.
Gave.
Force.
Force.
Um, I'm a little hurt.
Stupid and evil.
Killing.
Lying.
Adultery.
That's ridiculous.
Killing.
Lying.
Adultery.
That's ridiculous.
George Bush is an empty vessel, an empty suit.
He's, you know, the brain of Karl Rove, or he's Madeline Albright.
Madeline Albright.
Madeline Albright.
Madeline Albright.
Madeline Albright.
Madeline Albright.
Madeline Albright.
Cartoon.
Cartoon.
Cartoon.
Attack.
Attack.
Attack.
Dick Cartoon.
Dick Cartoon.
Dick Cartoon.
Dick Cartoon.
My feet are the size of the Atlantic Ocean and my head is the size of a tiny little ant.
Lovefest with conservatives.
This thing.
It was just in the gutter.
Some of these babes, I'm telling you, they're like the sexual harassment crowd.
They're out there protesting what they actually wish would happen to them.
Lovefest with conservatives.
Thanks to gay liberation.
Lovefest with conservatives.
Thanks to gay liberation.
Lovefest with conservatives.
Get out of my face.
Get out of my face.
I wish we lived in the day where you could challenge a person to a duel.
It was dumb.
Beat that dog to death.
I would love you to come tonight.
You think our network's getting too conservative?
I'm just a little fellow but y'all always want to be a cowboy sticking close to the
man.

I want to be a cowboy, a Christian cowboy.
I want to have a round up in the gospel story town and get a lot of people in the Holy Ghost
Corral.
I'll be a cowboy, a Christian cowboy.
I'll work for Jesus all my days.
And on the prairie or in the city, I'll help him round up the people.




I can do it all.
I love the priest.
I love theons.
I don't have money to offer him.
I'm very smart.
But I can love my Jesus and I know that he can still love me.
And cuz I know all I've got to do is satisfy my Lord and be the butthole of the Christian
boy.
And all the bone I最想要 Become is according to the 예수
cke Ghiosso.
Lord I'll be a cowboy, a Christian cowboy.
I'll work for Jesus all my days.
And on the prairie or in the city,
I'll help him round up all the strays.
All the strays.
Tip it and sip it.
Man-sized swallows.
Norman only had one hand.
He was used to all the jokes about pitching in and giving a hand.
It was cold, bitter cold, as he stood selling his papers.
Oh, hoping to earn enough.
To buy his mom an expensive gift.
The other paper sellers didn't come out that day, so business was great.
Usually he held the papers under one arm and made change with his one hand.
Business rush and the excitement of making the money escaped Norman's young mind.
He overdid it.
His only good hand was frostbitten.
Hospital, amputation.
Now Norman has no hands.
He loved his mother.
He loved his mother so much.
Loving is leaving yourself and reaching out to others with or without hands.
Father Harry, God Squad.
A whole slew there, friends, from Alt Binary Slack of Norrell Preff cut-ups.
And you can get a lot more of his stuff from HeavyConfetti.com.
And now another slew, but this time of Le Cref.


Mirror.
1, 3, 0, 1, 3.
Vital, important, specific.
The protection of vital, duplicate business records is always important.
Essential, essential.
In case of a nuclear attack, the protection of records is essential.
Specific.
If this country is to carry on its important economy, duplicate.
Maintain our important way of life.
Special, vital, important business.
Business, vital business, business and industry.
Civil defense.
Specially designed nuclear industrial disasters.
Washington.
1, 2, 3, 0, 1, 2, 3, 0.
Mirror.
1, 2, 3, 0, 1, 2, 3, 0.
From PR News in Washington.
I'm protesting against the U.S. presence in Washington.
The U.S. military says rival ethnic groups may violate Saddam's prisoners in Iraq.
Today, large Shiites took to the streets after several restrictions on embryonic stem cell research.
Sunnis shut down their religious leaders.
On Wall Street, 10-466-1241.
PR's bad.
The president said he's not opposed to PR News.
President Bush said today that he would veto PR News in Washington.
Nothing was more important than my sexual side effects.
And I have to say it's nice that there's sexual side effects.
Wellbutrin XL with sexual side effects.
It feels great to enjoy sexual side effects.
Anyone taking Wellbutrin XL should have severe, serious liver or kidney problems.
Wellbutrin XL is for seizures, so use if you're eating sedatives.
Anyone taking Wellbutrin XL should have unusual changes in mood or behavior or thoughts of suicide.
Wellbutrin XL should increase these thoughts or behaviors in children and teens.
It works for sexual side effects.
Ask your doctor about sexual side effects.
I can't kiss your mouth or be in your house.
I can't watch you go to work.
I can't feed your cat.
I can't look at that.
I can't help being a jerk.
They won't let me near you.
They make me behave.
I can't make them fear you.
I guess all I can do is haunt you, babe.
I can't get even or even get close.
I can't seem to catch a break.
I can't get lucky or use one of those things that you once threw my way.
I can't get over how you can control such a large agency.
They make me back off.
They make me hurt.
I can't get them out of my way.
I guess all I can do is haunt you, babe.
I'm out of your face but not out of your life.
I'm just not that easy.
Maybe my real world access is cut off.




And maybe the telephone.
And even a break off of internet contact can keep me from out of your dreams.
Guess all I can do is haunt you, babe.
I guess all I can do is haunt you.
Haunt You.
That was by Just John.
Reverend Just John.
From his CD called The Ayatollah of Understatement.
You can get more about that from just-john.com.
And now, Norelle.
Ancient legend.
Empty.
From the heavens.
Getting goosebumps, man.
Apocalyptic legends.
It was like, it was like.
Two concepts.
My two best friends.
Prayed in desperation to the inescapable reality.
Space was deemed to be empty.
Archaeologists tell us.
Clean your room.
Yeah, I remember the first time.
We were separate but I was at home.
Yo, yo.
You'll see only what your little mind can allow.
And there is a theory.
Very, very early.
Now.
Up and down the.
Weighing it annually.
My sister called me.
She was like, turn the radio on, turn the radio on.
So we like.
You'll lose your little mind.
Turn the radio on.
Now.
Empty.
Aristotle.
He was responsible for.
The more superstitious space rocks.
He could even throw rocks from heaven.
Experts dismissed him.
It is surprising.
At roughly the same time.
In fact.
It was like.
It was like.
I was driving.
History in the process.
Do do do do do.
So it's been a pretty amazing year for us.
Had some trouble.
Had some trouble.
I want more.
And it came on.
And then recovered.
Superstition to science.
This pill will work.
Scholars still weren't convinced.
Common folk already knew.
I just want to say.
Don't accept the word of ordinary people.
Yo, yo.
You're not going to get it.






Like.
Happy Parents.
Happily.
Stay.
Happy family.
Successfully.
整ента.
Thank you have a good holiday.

My next holiday is Saturday.
Your
Close muffles.
being. The little man, the little subgenius is telling the big subgenius what to do. The
majority, which is the subgenius, is oppressed by the minority of normals. The 54% cluster
known as women are put down by the 46% majority of men. The pink man is just a splinter off
the mighty multicolored tree of mortals on this mud ball Mars.
Yet they somehow are holding all the cards. Most of us don't have much money, and yet
money tells most of us what to do. This is a topsy-turvy world. Whole shift. Climate
change.
Why, Bob, why? And Bob replied, this planet is Mars. Part four. This planet is Mars. Your
duty as a Martian. The first duty of the Martian subgenius.
Is to disobey. Whether this is 1998, 1957, or 2004, you can be sure that the subgeniuses
in their gray vehicles are driving the roads and back alleys of this, the former Martian
subgenius.
The United States. Searching for the proper vehicle to release this most precious of information.
The pearl of great price. The very kidney stone of wisdom. This planet is Mars. If this
planet is where it was supposed to be, then it is not. It is not. It is not. It is not.

It is not.
Why does the sun cause cancer?
Why does the sun cause cancer?
Life evolved for the most part on this planet, except for what was seeded by our extraterrestrial
handlers.
But the sun, the very sun itself, is killing off not just the humans, but we half-breeds,
half-Yeti humans, and even full-bred Yetis.
Why does the sun cause cancer?


Because the full-bred Yetis are often confined to the coldest of climates. The North Pole,
the South Pole, the mountains of Tibet, Lemuria, the frozen depths, the very bottom of the
ocean. The Atlantean purebred Yetis survive, but just barely.
But you see, if you take everything that's here and move it to the fourth planet, and
the fourth planet, move that all to here, it's all good.
We're spending more than a full week in the car, going nowhere. Everyone's loving it.
Going nowhere. Hoping. Going nowhere. The supersized hole is so jammed. Fast food. Researchers
report clogged arteries.
There's probably nothing more painful.
It's still unclear.
There's no magic wand.
A fat tax.
Five-pronged approach to confront congestion, specifically targeted toward
Oh, you have a little faith. Look how big that is.
Turn up the stereo and
Think I can make it in between there? Nope.
Ten minutes away.
Negligent homicide. Killing the women.
Solemn commemoration services and street parties.
Yee-haw!
President George Bush paid tribute to Nazi Germany, and scenes of balloons being let go into the air.
Yee-haw!
Jack Chiro-ro-ro-rock reviewed for the Nazi's concentration camp victim.
Prince Charles, this stray dog.
Audioswap.
How to breed aggressive loud rock music and, uh, barbed wire.
It's time to bust a tower.
The supersized hole.
Actress.
Ice, ice, ice, ice, I don't have a lot of answers.
War battered the so-so-so-so-so-so-cress.
Going nowhere.
Rockin' away. Rockin' away. Rockin' away. Rockin' away.
Come on.
There's something down here.
Uh, I believe he's got his hand up.
Here.
I'm not here to play, Bob.
I'm here to kill Bob.
No, no, that's already been done here.
Okay.
How do you like that, huh?
Hey, I like that.
I'm getting space sick.
Space sick. Try some slow-mo.
Don't open that sludge up here.
Okay, why?
Whoa!
See, as soon as you say it, it breaks.
Yeah, look at that. Those little green lights come on all up and down.
Yeah, they have to call a human.
Live.
But that's not legal, of course.
Oh, it's not. It's not legal for us to broadcast you, but it's legal for you to say that's broadcast up.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
Are you talking?
Yeah.
A pocket lawyer, too.
Yeah, really. And I come with a watch.
Turned into a ball and fell into the instruments. Now we're falling into the sun.
Captain, stop the rocket!
It helps if you sit on your hands and quiet.
The sun sure seems to slow down.
But back on Earth, time is moving at what would seem to us an incredibly accelerated pace.
Whole centuries are going by.
Well, let me ask you this. If I had to go ahead and tell my family what these people are...
Sure.
Rich human candy bones. Yes, they tear the bones right out of those people and they coat them in sugar and serve them up to you every Halloween night.
Yeah.
It'll suck a marrow right out of you.
That's true. You sure will. And if they won't, I will.
And that's fact. Right here, on the air of the Theater of Mystery and Darkness.
That's true. And one of our scary callers now is inviting himself to be on the show.
He's practically asking for it, isn't he, Doctor?
Okay. Human, come in.
And as the rocket is broadcast back to the...
Hello? Hello?
...the Mobius Rex turns it into code.
I don't know. Who's this?
Never mind.
Early, early subgenius KPF.
A show there with puzzling evidence, lies, Gary Gabrog friend Bob Nelson, and Doctor Howland.
Before that and now, now new Norell Pref.
John Williams delivers political uncertainty.
I can't get no...
...out of...
...batch...
John Williams delivers 9-11.
It's been rumored for weeks.
Folks, you have to get off...
Actress Renee Zellweger.
Now.
Something old.
The Rolling Stones announce...
Folks, you have to get off...
Now.
Deep, deep, deep, deep.
...in front of about 45 close friends and family members.
The Stones show no signs of...
...Hot Country Songs list.
Well, let's go, guys. Let's move.
This year's Cannes Film Festival...
Something old.
Something borrowed.
And yes, this year's Cannes Film Festival blew.
Revenge of...
Something old.
Slung.
I'm always relying on...
Something old.
...probably won't be repeated.
...which he wants to do.
And some critics...
Ken Rudd.
Cronenberg.
Gus Van Sant.
Executed immediately.
President Bush was out...
...with Kung Fu Lemming.
President Cheney was taken to a secure location in...
MTV Butt Party.
Revenge of the Associated Press.
Officials say it was unclear...
...worldwide.
Rise.
Let's see what the facts are.
Rise.
Coming, coming, coming, coming, coming, coming, coming, coming.
From PR News in Washington, I'm run by the United Nations.
The Senate may soon vote on whether to change Cuban leader Fidel Castro.
On Wall Street 481034, Queen Elizabeth has been kidnapped.
Hundreds of thousands of Cubans claimed responsibility for her abduction.
A similar kidnapping occurred last October when 10,000 Cuban government kidnapped PR News in Washington.
Anyway, friends, we're going to have some great bands at X Day this year.
Aside from the Amino Acids, who are also playing in Detroit.
That's our other D-Vival coming up March 19th in Detroit.
The Amino Acids will be at X Day.
And also, the Mind Losers, Crazy Man and the Out of Minders, Suppository Made of Lawnmowers.
Literally, I have a pop band.
Mr. This is like a folk singer.
Mr. You-Don't-Know-Who-You're-Dealing-With.
He's a really moody fellow.
Smokin' Stein will be there.
We're Drunk.
The Rummy.
Crackula.
The Vampires.
Phantom of the Frappera.
Creature from the Smack Lagoon.
Did I say Crankin' Stein?
No, I said Smokin' Stein.
There's some litigation between those two.
And the Hunch Slack of Brushwood.
It's a band that, a jam band, Hunch Slack of Brushwood.
I thought of something the other day.
You'd have to be seriously messed up to want to quit drugs.
And it's not a value judgment.
It's a statement of order.
First you are seriously messed up, then you have to want to quit drugs.
It's so sad when you get to that place.
Oh, oh, the other bands.
20,000 Nutsacks Beneath My Ball Sack.
These kids these days.
Polly Blister Puss and the Intarnations.
God Shittingly Good Pot.
And a band called Half Acidly, spelled A-C-I-D-L-Y.
Half Acidly.
And there's a Jehovah's Witnesses band called the Miller Lights.
Who all needs another Colbert?
I do, I do.
Grab me one.
Grab me one.
You boys bring all the camping gear?
I got a half gallon of Jack Daniels in a den.
Got some coke, chainsaw, extra gasoline.
Some 15 year old scotch, my rifle.
I got four coolers, beer and ice.
Good, good, good.
Wave and drag and whiskey, stock and beer.
And beer.
And we're madly mad.
So we ain't got no fear.
Now don't be a pussy and tell me it's dangerous.
Just shut your damn mouth, hold my beer.
Watch this.
There's a barn with a tree growing next to it on my ranch.
And hanging over the roof.
There's a big old rotten branch.
I'm gonna climb my ass up 30 feet and that there tree.
And one of you boys throw the chainsaw to me.
Oh my bear, watch this.
Oh my bear, watch this.
Watch out for those hornets.
I got a plan to hand this.
Oh my bear, watch this.
It rained last night all over our firewood.
And that soggy kindling don't wanna burn too good.
But I got a way to start us a big ass fire.
Give me that hose so I can stop this old man.
Oh my bear, watch this.

I got a plan to hang this.
Aim it at the fire.
Oh my bear, watch this.
I hope you got insurance.
Is your new truck?
Yep, I ain't seeing a few.
I say, heavy duty roll cage, gun rack, extra cup holders, 500 bucks.




40 horsepower, all terrain suspension, plus a few aftermarket improvements to my old dirt
town.
This baby got more gadgets than the Batmobile, Mach 5, and Space Shuttle all put together.
Hey, what's this red nuttin' do?
Don't touch that!
Oops.
Please tell me we got some of that scotch left.
Plus two more bottles.
After that we're down to burning the bears.
Oh my bear, watch this.

I got a way to start us a big ass fire.
Give me that hose so I can start this.
Oh my bear, watch this.
I say, heavy duty roll cage, gun rack, extra cup holders, 500 bucks.
40 horsepower, all terrain suspension, plus a few aftermarket improvements to my old dirt
town.



I say, heavy duty roll cage, gun rack, extra cup holders, 500 bucks.
neben-hack Site Center by Getty Images
Oh, my bear, watch this.
Look at the sound of that snout.
Oh, my bear, watch this.
Here he comes.
Grab it, plan to ban this
I got him, ow!
Oh, my bear, watch this
He bites you
What do you think I'm stylin'?
Livin', drinkin' whiskey, scotch and beer
Yeah, we're madly mad, so we ain't got no fear
Now, don't be a pussy and tell me it's dangerous
Just shut your damn mouth, oh, my bear
Watch this
Shut your damn mouth, oh, my bear
Watch this
Shut your goddamn mouth, oh, my gold bear
Watch this
Who all's got my bear?
A Loki E. Coyote, dear friends, from his CD, Yipe Hype
And you can learn and see more at wiccabilly.com
That's W-I-C-C-A-B-I-L-L-Y dot com
And now, some radio synesthesia from WCSB in Cleveland
We are still hanging with the Antichrist League
So, you know, one time I read a story about
Who's this?
A guy who...
I read this novel that centered around a guy who went to
Sex addicts anonymous meetings to pick up chicks
You know, support groups for sex addicts
Like, how does one actually find a support group for sex addicts?
Like, do such things actually exist?
It's just strictly the stuff of moguls
Can you imagine bringing a bunch of people together like that for groups?
Well, I mean, I actually...
Hey, well, here's the thing, for real, for real
I know someone who was going to AA meetings
And meeting new drinking buddies there at AA meetings
And I was like, well, that's kind of semi-old
In fact, that's how many of them die
Yeah
That's how many of them die
So I figure if...
Uh-oh, who'd we lose?
That's how many of them die
Roll call
Many of them die
Rock now, are you here?
Yes
Okay, that means Sloth is gone
I'm still here
Alright, I'm impressed that I was actually able to remember which line everybody was on
I was at work today and I saw one of your clones at work, Stang
I swear to God, he had the face, he had the eyes
He even had the glasses, mustache, and beard
But he didn't have the hair
Oh, I was, uh, I just had a haircut recently
I was out horse...
Betting on horse races today
Why did you...
Without the hair?
Yeah, yeah, I'm bald now
Did you have a blue suit on?
Yeah, that was me
Awesome
Sure, you should have said hello
I knew, I knew that you were going to say hello to me


I knew when I saw that Mustang go through the parking lot with the...
Yeah, that's Mustang
Sang 3
Sang 3
You didn't want the trifecta today, didn't you, Stang?
That's Mustang
Yeah, I see that all the time, I do
Yeah, I drove back from Kentucky
Only took me an hour and a half in that thing
6-8-7-9-0-VAL-F-N-O-V-A-F-U-F-N-A-G-O-N-O-T-H-O-R-C-O-L-L-R-H-E-R
Or, uh, there we go
You've been in this area for five minutes and he already knows all the routines
2-1-6-0-V-A-F-U-F-N-O-T-H-O-N-O-T-H-O-R-C-O-L-R-H-E-R
If you'd like to join our discussion of nothing in particular
You know, I think we need, I think, uh, I think we need an official subgenius blog
I heard that all the people in the Stubenville-East Liverpool area
Although we hear of these people who are semi-connected to the Cleveland Metropolitan
Did you just say a subgenius blog?
Yeah, is there such a thing?
Oh, yeah
Where can I find that?
Well, there's dozens of them
What about like an official one?
My favorite particular one
Uh, here, let me, uh
There's nothing official though? It's all, uh, strictly, like, DIY stuff?
Well, there's my own that I use just for, for news
But there's one, uh, called Slackoff
Yeah, slackoff.blogspot.com
Was started fairly recently by Reverend New Monet
And that's a, it's a good one
That's slackoff.blogspot.com
Or revstack
And it's bang.blogspot.com
Uh
It's yours, isn't it?
Let's see
Yeah, I, that's mine, but it's not really interactive
It's just for me to, to make, uh, to spam with
The subgenius blog at Slackoff is open to contributors
Yeah
Well, I'm just, it's a little different
I only started mine because when you try to log on and just respond to one of these things
It tricks you into starting your own blog
Oh, yeah
You don't really have to
But it makes you think you have to
And I ended up doing so
And, but I don't, uh, and, and mine, I guess you can make comments
But I, I just mainly use it as a soapbox for my own gigantic ego
Whereas this other one, slackoff.blogspot.com
That's for everybody's gigantic ego
Well, these people are all psychic slaves, though
And a blog is a term which is like one individual's take on a particular subject at a particular time
Well, it's short for weblogs
It's a fact that is disposable
Yeah, now some of us were doing this for, for centuries before the internet was invented
Yes
We did it by urinating on posts and leaving our message that way
That was the very first chemical message we left
Right, P-mail we called it
Ruroc has been here
Yeah
Ruroc will return soon with a bladder infection
Oh, Ruroc's girlfriend is in estrus
Mmm
Mmm
We'll kill Ruroc, take girlfriend
Got it
See things
Low blood calcium, severe kidney disease, cannot sit or stand for 30 minutes
Painful swallowing, chest pain, severe or continuing heartburn
I see things, and I've just realized
The world can be a deadly place
In rare cases, digestive and neurological side effects have been reported
If there's one thing you can count on, it's this name right here
Beavercleaver.com
Wally's Dream Girl
Hi, dear
Wally
Well, Wally
Keep listening
She doesn't even know I'm alive
I don't know, I, I just like to look at her like
You better have a serious talk with your counselor
Do you want me, Mom?
Um
Do you want me, Mom?
Um
Gee, Mom
You wanna take a, a drive up to Myers Lake?
You know, it makes a guy feel creepy
Bam, bam, bam!
Overactive bladder
That's right, I know I'm excited
It's exciting
Overactive bladder
It's not normal
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Creamy, thick, good
Oh yes, Mr. Cleaver, low
Isn't it disgusting?
You better go back and get cleaned up
Yes, Beaver
But you and I can talk about just about anything, can't we?
Jenny is a very good looking girl
Getting all dressed up to impress the gym coach
You know something, Beaver?
She won't, I don't know?
She did
I was about ready to call you
Yeah
All you dogs are at risk
You're talking to Big Daddy
He knows all and says nothing
I'll say it's nothing
I better get going
Yeah
Be hurt
Get hurt
Beaver, don't eat so fast
Let's face it, Eddie
Who wants a sunburn allergic dream girl with lumps?
Gee, Dad, cut it out, huh?
Gee, Dad, cut it out, huh?
Gee
Great big lumps all over me
The lumps all over her?
Well, good night, Mom
Good night, Daddy









Good night, Dad
Good night, son
Cold sore
Cold sore
Cold sore
Cold sore
Cold sore
Cold sore
Strychnine
or freekie
Totally cheesy
Totally cheesy
Easy.
Some of us actually got Bob to hold still long enough to eat with us.
And since when he comes to your house, he eats everything in sight,
including the tablecloth and the dog dish stuff,
and then the fridge contents, even the old cherries and suspicious chicken salad way in the back,
we went to Bloaty's Pizza Hog, and he was sucking it all down so hard,
the employees were afraid to even call the cops.
And as usual, he really overdid it, until there was this inevitable awful reversal event,
and the pizza just flew out of Bob's nose and ears, peppering everyone.
It was disgusting.
Disgusting.
But at least he paid the bill this time, and he even tipped the staff for their trouble,
and boy was there a lot of it.
Besides, I saved one of his nasally befouled pepperonis and sold it on eBay for $100,000.
Praise Bob!
Brothers and sorors, we are to concern ourselves with the science of misdemeanors.
It's the mystical state.
It's the mystical state.

It's the reality.
If it is not an illusion, then it is possible of analysis.
The first step in this science of mysticalness is concentration.
When we concentrate on anything, whether our concentration is visual or auditory,
we are focusing our attention.
The first step in this science of mysticalness is concentration.
The second step in this science of mysticalness is concentration.
It is conceptual glass.
We make public
化

massage.
We can long wait until our body hardens.
Establishment of body.
You have voluntarily focused your attention upon it.
Give it also involuntary attention.
The sudden, loud noise, the nature of some birds, is an example of involuntary attention.
Give it also involuntary attention without being conscious.
The sex is a sublime pleasure.
A pleasure that is beyond words to describe.
An experience that rejuvenates our being and stimulates our mental powers.
These meditation exercises, accompanied by this special music,
can be practiced by you as often as once daily, if you wish.
Each period of meditation is not to exceed five minutes in duration.
May the cosmic abide with you.
Meditation
That was Atomic Jefferson, dear friends, from Birmingham, Alabama.
A song called Electric Torch.
We heard Hell Pope Huey ranting a bit before that.
You are listening to Hour of Slack number 997.
And if you want to know everything, see subgenius.com.
That's subgenius.com.
There's information there about the books and the videos and just about everything.
And now, Lemaire.
And that was all I had to say that was interesting.
Completely inert.
Disconnecting.
Disconnecting.
Disconnecting.
Disconnecting.
Disconnecting.
Disconnecting.
All right, Hell?
Back to normal.
