I'm trying to make believe I'm you, trying to fix
Just a stranger on the outside looking in
People say that life is fun, but I don't know why
As far as I can tell, life sucks, life sucks, life sucks
Then you die
Within the last 12 hours, we have received a number of unconfirmed reports from throughout the nation
that may or may not be connected with this strange phenomenon.
Bob?
I'm sick and tired of the past
I can't talk to shit, don't wait
I'm sick and tired of the past
Praise Bob
Praise Bob
Praise Bob

Praise Bob
Praise Bob
Praise Bob
Praise Bob
Praise Bob
Praise Bob
Bip
Bip
Bip
Bip
Sirius
Stealth
орд
In S上帝
Bip
Bip
Bip
In Messij
Welcome potential initiates and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry hour of the watch.
Brace for hyper misogyny.
The church of the subgenius bring you another 33 minutes of condensed raglik function.
Quality audio visual techniques.
Wow.
Exacerbated and complicated by the church of the subgenius.
Copyright 1985-86.
Oh, Dr. Sprint.
She said, cutting her own legs off in what was to be the foe-ment of a startlingly trend among the so-called punk de-tele-hensia.
Hensia.
Better to live on your feet than to die on your knees.
Enjoy life like Bob.
Get to your heads, Satan.
Do not be afraid.
I am not here to harm you.
I know you want to destroy me.
But listen.
Please listen.
I only want to help you.
I've chosen you.
Well, I'm sure that's very flattering, but I must get on with my work now.
I don't love you, Bob.
I don't love you like I do.
I don't love you like I do.

I don't love you like I do.
I don't love you like I do.
Dear friends, you may call 823-7490 for a complete explanation of the church of the subgenius in under two minutes.
It's not just the wars and the awards that win them.
It's not just the dull and emptiness taste for a smothered culture that exposes us to the world.
It's not just the fires all around you and pools of its own wastes.
It's not just the terminal folds of Nunu.
It's not just the child zombies that murder their mediocrity parents and then cruise the streets with bloody feet.
It's not just those starry old vecks on the park benches with looks on their faces like those who shuffled out of the boxcars of Belsen and Auschwitz.
It's not just the anesthesiologist Phrenides.
It's not just the
It's not just the broken headlights, snapped antennae, and human excrement on your car hood.
It's not just that the old ways were best.
It's not just the bastardization and perversion of every honest means of self-expression.
It's not just the Pinoy snipers locking and loading on every high-rise rooftop.
It's not just the widescreen technicolor corporate daisy chain that has defiled the entire planet.
It's not just Mongo in the Congo with fa-fa-fas the size of basketballs.
It's not just the prophets crying lonely and alone in the wilderness.
It's not just the indignity of having to work for some bland, nonentity son of a bitch.
It's not just the
It's not just the
It's not just the horrible feeling of being entrapped inside a regimented, devolving world that you certainly never made.
It's not just the doorway to doom.
It's not just wanting to know what the hell is really going on.
It's not just the missing H's or the stolen alpha-beta-max.
No, dear friends, there is more to it all than that.
Bob ain't no nickel-dime bum-show.
I put it to you.
He's on the square and a corking fine.
Business proposition.
He's the grandest thing yet and don't you forget it.
Shout salvation and fightin' Jesus, you'll need to rise precious early, you sinner there, if you want to diddle the almighty Bob.
No.
He's got cough mixture with a punch on it for you, my friend.
In his back pocket.
Just you try it.
Thanks to G. Gordon Gordon for that one and this is Reverend Cleve Duncan.
Well, it once was a man.
It once was a man.
The world's greatest salesman.
A salesman.
And he had to pass the pain to keep the shackles from my feet.
Ah, yeah, but now he's gone.
A martyr for the cause, the cause is my own.
And he's comin' again.
Who knew that the first shot.
The first shot.
Was gonna be the last shot.
But he's got a hard driving pipe.
The gas smoke all through the night.
And although he may be hurtin' the universe will keep on squirtin' all the smoke.
No.
And he's comin' again.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
We're gonna build that spirit back up.
And we're gonna build the spurt back up too.
Now, you know, spurt and spirit sound the same for a reason.
They're both from the same root word here, friends.
And what a root it is.
What a root it is.
I want you to get out there and plant those roots, children.
Oh, yeah.
Bob is my load.
And he's comin' again.
Oh.
He can save us from the many and black.
We're just a shot from his mighty sack.
If only he could make it back.
From the land of the dead.
But until that happy day.
We can only drink and say Bob is my load.
And he's comin' again.
Oh, yeah.
We can make it.
Without him, we can't take it.
We'll lose the pieces of our minds to the big boys and the whims.
Until the day that he comes back.
It'll be a world without slack.
Bob is my load.
And he's comin' again.
Yeah.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh, Bob is my load.
Bob is my load.
The names of our life.





Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.

Yes.






This is going to be about how Bob is our load.

This is going to be mostly for those of you who have been regular listeners of the show.
And the rest of you probably oughta just go away.
Go to the bathroom for about a minute.
five ten minutes then come back for more horrible type well I got a letter here
friends a letter from sister Mandy and I'm gonna read this letter here it's
pertinent she says I hope the show pulls in what was promised it would be a cry
and shame if you had to die again but then again what was this this this
excretive deleted coming out of my radio last hour of slack actually she's
talking about two hours of slack ago two weeks ago I can't believe you would rag
on native Texans cuz they're not as rowdy as some chowderhead Yankees are
now your friends let me intercede here and say that it's not y'all's lack of
rowdiness at all but the lack of airplane tickets that you would provide
to get other subgenius preachers down here for a show
you're not allowed to get on the show you're not allowed to get on the show
but sister Mandy continues now I don't know if you are a real Texan or just a
transplant I'm sorry I know I don't sound like I was raised in North Richland
Hills and Fort Worth but maybe you like cold winter she says and the way they
say peck pitch farm and clam chowder maybe now we women a Texas aren't good
enough for old Reverend Ivan staying anymore is that it huh well no comment
there
but Texans are Bob's chosen it's always been that way but that's why it's so
disappointing that they don't act like it I certainly do
Mandy continues I don't know I can't believe that the subgenius is of Dallas
don't have the say cojones to manage to put together a butt-kicking glass
grinding splendiferous type D Bible and friends it's it's not the cojones is
needed but the energy and the know-how the art scam expertise and the fact that
she doesn't know if she'sendas and say it's because they're Algun provide
additional educating measure license for her sorry no learns reen thirds
only something to help and I can you know this was a I did notice is capable
of it so crammed with Boston BS pains so you're leader garageBut friends I tell
which the evil
digging universe starts up to talk about one day you know what viva example of
that and then when create a together myselfnau
because tattoo articles never will be checks and don't know when rolling out
your own ten thousand dollars but I certainly choose no credit is pay a standards great al перden you know the kind for fish folks who let you do any
extra VHS tape deck, which you operate in your own home.
She goes, yeah, I realize that your rant was meant to inflame,
but all it did was, well, I can't say this, but anger people.
And friends, I know that's true, and it's because I delivered it poorly.
She says, I know you can do better than that,
and that's true, I've had enough sleep.
Do something, I can't read the something to them if they can't take a joke.
Do more than anger them.
Challenge us.
And friends, some did take it as a challenge, which is how it was meant to be.
She says, Dallas loves stupid.
Look at some of our swinging singles meat lockers.
Have a national devival or something.
Aim for Dallas's cojones and threaten to have them kicked by San Francisco or something.
Make yourself the most hated man in Dallas,
for without hate there is no love, and without love there is no Bob.
Bob equals hate equals love.
Did you say that, or was it me?
It was me, Mandy.
I don't remember, but do it, Stang, I know you can.
Well, you know, when I've had enough sleep and had a little bit of slack,
usually, oh, what did that mean?
The music stopped all of a sudden.
But it's true, I couldn't agree with you more about that after Boston hour of slack,
because after I'd finally gotten to bed and slept for 13 hours,
I listened to that tape of the show and went, oh my God, I sound almost drunk.
But keep in mind that stupidity is certainly no sin in this church,
and I was just plain burned out, tired, tired, friends.
And on top of that, I was being facetious,
but I just wasn't being facetious well, so it came off the wrong way.
Now, you know, when you go for four hours of sleep a night, it happens.
You don't get the slack.
But then when I got to Boston, my buddies, Doctors for Bob and I, did get slack,
although it was partly slack through overwork, which is an unusual form of slack.
But many of us...

See, Mergentiles have to get slack that way, as opposed to you Rewardium types of geniuses,
who I envy, by the way.
But number one, you've got to remember that by definition,
a subgenius preacher has not only the right, but the obligation, dear friends,
to make severe and even tragic mistakes.
Now, look at the rival cults in some of your local Christian denominations, let's say,
that preach total goodness.
They preach perfection.
They live, friends, in a false, dangerous fantasy world.
And when they show their humanity, as Jim and Tammy Baker did,
oh, they're castigated by their people.
They're fired off their jobs.
And they sure look stupid.
They make Christianity look even stupider to the average American, which is okay with me.
But in their smug, self-deluding pride, friends, they set goals that are not only impossible,
but actually ridiculously unnecessary.
And when they can't attain those goals, then they just get more fanatical
and can't admit that they couldn't cut what they set up for themselves.
And their people are so strung out between constant states of false happiness or guilt.
I don't know.
We now know that Jim and Tammy, for all those years, were actually only acting happy.
But living that lie...
just compounded their misery.
And millions of people do this to themselves because they think God is as ignorant, intolerant, and insecure as they are.
But then that's their idea of wisdom and goodness, I guess.
Hiding their real feelings, living a lie, deliberately short-circuiting their instincts, pretending.
That's what they do. They're pretending, friends.
Now, you can accuse the subgeniuses of pretending, but, you know, in a way, they pretend much more than they do.

Much worse than we do.
So, when I come on the air and sound like a vindictive jerk, remember that at least I'm being honest.
If I'm beat, worn out, I don't take speed like Tammy Baker to pretend that I've got superhuman energy.
I act like I feel.
I prove beyond a doubt that I can be just as overextended, overwrought, insensitive, and incoherent as any of you.
And yet, even with all these personality flaws, weaknesses, and staccato speech patterns,
Yet, even with all these personality flaws, weaknesses, and staccato speech patterns,
yet I know that Bob gives me an excuse.
He doesn't need to forgive me because I didn't do anything evil.
I screwed up.
And, and Bob, Bob loves me for that.
It's the power to fail, friend.
It's the power that is the power that the sub-genius Pope's have and these rival Pope's can't ever have.
The irony, friend. The irony.
It's like with the pledge drives.
The businesses at H referral from 50% pay forلي,
are 50% payed for right now.
hour, probably more by now, but yet now those gospel folks, they pledged and pledged. They
pledged and pledged because they were so full of faith and only 10% at best, in some cases,
6% bothered to fulfill the commitment because in Christianity, pretending and promising is
good enough. And that's what faith means, friends. It means you've decided to be satisfied no matter
what, because you're going to pretend everything's okay. Oh, it's God's will. So therefore you don't
have to do anything about it. Leave it to God, dear friends. Grace through faith, not words.
Jesus said, be like children. And you know, Tammy can't go to bed with her husband without
keeping her fake eyelashes, her bat wing size fake eyelashes on. I read that in the paper today.
That's how you keep.
Your husband wear makeup to bed pretending friends. Yeah, they're like children. All right.
But they're like seventh grade children, cruel gossiping liars and bullies that roam in cliques
and packs looking for weak, unsuspecting minority victims. Oh, they have faith. All right. Faith
that any nasty thing they do didn't count. If God forgave it in their head. And if you're having the
kind of fun they can't experience, then you must, that must be sin because in their eyes, friends,
slack is the ultimate sin. The devil hates slack too. And when you look at the basic beliefs and
behavior of a lot of these fundamentalist Christians, they have a lot in common with
the devil friends, a whole lot more in common with the devil than Jesus. Now, subgenius is
rationalized too, but our rationalization is so absurd that it allows us the slack to remember
that it's just a rationalization and there's still work to do. Praise Bob.
Oh God. Here's this Tammy Baker interview. Yes. She rarely goes to bed without her makeup,
swears by her false eyelashes and wears different wigs for her husband, Jim. And that still wasn't
good enough, was it? No, Jessica, Jessica Hahn. She didn't have to change wigs every night.
Jim very seldom seen me without makeup and hardly ever in my life without my eyelashes.
I think every woman ought to wear eyelashes. Yeah. I think natural born eyelashes are kind of good
for you. They keep the water out of your eyes. The sweat, if you're inhuman enough to sweat,
unlike Miss Tammy. Um, oh God. Well, I've got more of that rant to go on, but in the meantime, until then.
And let me tell you, friends, it's not just the swelling coffers of the elder bankers.
It's not just the truncated attention spans of the conspiracy glors scrambling to get that
ever elusive status symbol. It's not just the vapid shells of the chicken like models posing
on cue. It's not just the puppet rock idols playing into the hands of the hell spawned
image consultants. It's not just the cannibal zombies gorging themselves on self-interest.
It's not just the video pigs wallowing in visual
sludge. It's not just the mellow morons stuck in a time zone from the good old days, man.
It's not just the aerobic airheads working themselves into a cardiac arrest. It's not
just the talentless pinks hooked into a groove devoid of style. It's not just the fuzzy dice
brains rampaging like the Visigoths. It's not just the misguided gummy space creatures.
It's not just the oppression of the raging slabs of the lame leftists.
It's not just the frothy mouths of the reactionaries. It's not just the blank food tubes slamming
their craniums against the walls of their own creation. It's not just the empty youth
culture borrowing from the ABC computerized format of possible personas. It's that and
a whole lot more.
Thank you, Sister Chris. We love you.
And thank you, Cecilia.
Let's join us now, shall we?
Yes, join us at the ankles and hips.
Thank you. Now we're ready to hop off to our special sky ride.
The Japanese...
Don't you wish you were with us? Well, send in your money and maybe someday you can.
No, really, we're a fun crowd. You'd like us to move in next door to you. To you, we'd be indistinguishable.
From the others you might see in your town. Oh, maybe we'd have a wink in our twinkling eye or a smile or a leer on our lips, but otherwise we'd look like everyday Joe Lunchbale.
A good, solid, honest, cream-colored working man. Ready to move in next to you and send the property values soaring. How about it, America? Get in step.
Well, let's try it out, huh?
For a typewritten transcript of this show, you'd have to be...
What's going on? I feel so sleepy.
Disobedient to parents.
You are...
A subgenius.
Come...
Steals.
A subgenius.
Lies.
A subgenius.
Hater of God.
A subgenius.
Call me a subgenius.
Whisperer.
A subgenius.
Whore monger.
A subgenius.
I call me a subgenius.

A subgenius.
On a micro-media scale.
Pride.
A subgenius.
A backbiter.
Ambient.
A subgenius.
Environmental.
A deceitful person.
Instantaneous.
Radical.
A hypocrite.
A subgenius.
All.
Unmerciful.
A subplenius.
A false accuser.
A subbenius.
Come here, you little subgenius.
Well, I guess that about wraps it up.
That's your typical subgenius now.
And, uh...
Monk, I don't need Dobbs.
There's nothing wrong with me.
I'll make it my way.
Oh, good.
Good.
I must have been insane.
What can I say?
I'm lost without Dobbs.
Without Bob, I'm guilty.
Guilty.
From sound sheets.
Be not deceived.
Dobbs is not mocked.
For whosoever a man soeth, him also shall he reap.
Where's the tripod?

Where's the tripod?


Where is my shepherd?
I shall not want.
That's right, dear friends.
That's right.
Uh, thank you, Reverend Howe.
I hate that old conspiracy as much as it hates me.
But me and Bob will get him.
Just you wait and see.
For as long as they have run things, they have turned them into...
Bob?
The time has come to get him back.
Here's how I look at it.


















That conspiracy is nasty and they take it for their patsies, but we know that they
are just a bunch of queers and when we defeat them, we will kill them, and we'll eat them.
And then we'll go and get ourselves some beers.
Now Bob has come to fight them.
That's how we know we'll win.
And we know to serve them is our only sin.
So please don't be any fun.





We won't have long to wait now, the end is coming soon
We'll march happy toward the future, cause we did what we must do
Underwater vacations, Bob will rule all the nations
We'll be farming vegetation out on Mars
Cause we killed them and we ate them
Said boy we sure did hate them
And then we made the rounds of all the bars
Thank you Dr. Ahmed Fishmonger
Great stuff
So what are you guys going to do at this revival meeting?
You're going to make fun of religion stuff, right?
We never make fun of religion
You must understand we're making money off religion but not fun off religion
No, no, no, no fun
We hope to raise the slack area in this part of the country
We are missionaries, this is hard work, it's brutal
It's brutal and gruesome work
And hopefully we'll
Let's move the position
Yes, sir
Really now, are you guys in this cult business just for the bucks or do you
Mr. Wilsey, isn't it a fact really that you've invented this whole thing
That you've thought up all these little gimmicks
And you're taking advantage of a lot of ignorant people by getting money out of them
People who believe in you and your silly preachings
No it isn't, Joe
I don't have to
The Illuminati will be on the air next week
Unmasked
And the subgenius cult will have a lot to do with that
Bob is going to see that the whole conspiracy, the Illuminati, the trilaterals, you name it
The guys that drive up and down the street selling ice cream
All of that will be exposed
That's what America needs
To have their brains washed
Clean out all that filth and all that garbage and all that fear
And all that sickness and perversion
And all that junk that comes from the pit of hell
Radio now
Radio now
Many friends of the real land
This is the old fashioned healing broadcast
Coming direct from the auditorium here in Dallas
This is a special night tonight
This is oil night
Would you love to have a heart like God?
Come out and be anointed with this miracle oil
That God has let me use for quite a few years now
And we're giving it out
Come and join the hundreds of people
Bring that bottle
And get some of this miracle oil
That's absolutely raised the dead
And has performed some of the greatest miracles
You name it
It's performed ever known miracles
that it's happening.
But look, it's...
Oh, hell, look out!
You clumsy fools!
What have you done?
The show is ruined!
Ruined!
Goodbye for all of us here.
This is Puzzle Day and its loveliest wrecks,
Reverend Howe and Reverend Earp.
We tried.
It's too late, and we trummed.
Goodbye, folks.
I have a moral workshop.
The whole thing's ridiculous.
Oh!
The U.S. Customs Service is waging war on drug smugglers,
and you can help.
If you see any unusual activity involving private boats or planes
that might be connected to drug smuggling,
call the U.S. Customs Service 24 hours a day, toll-free,
at 1-800-BE-ALERT.
You can remain anonymous, and you could receive a cash reward
if your information leads to the arrest and prosecution of drug smugglers.
Help stop drug smuggling.
Call 1-800.
Be alert.
I can't believe they gave me that cart to play on this show, honest to God.
Well, if you want to get...
If you want to be damned by Bob...
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
Let's talk about another one, which is a conspiracy that tries to control you.
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
Do you think that freedom in this great society, in this great planet, is voting?
No.
Say no.
No.
No.
No.
Didn't they get to vote in Haiti?
Yes.
Say yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Didn't they get to vote in the Philippines?
Yes.
Yes.
Don't they get to vote in Poland?
Say yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Joe, didn't they get to vote?
We think they're going to be a plunder of legal when there's only one candidate in the U.S.

Say no.
Say no.

No.

Because, Joe, you know, the rest of the world perceives as freedom as consumer goods.
Of course, specifically American consumer goods.
And, Joe, we're drowning in consumer goods.
We're drowning in images as a country.
But, Joe, when you hear the 501 Blues and your heart sings, or you see Spuds McKenzie,
then high concept is getting inside of you, Joe.
It's getting inside of you.
Now, I know.
You're all artists.
You're all in the raw web.
You're a bunch of deconstructing fiends.
I know that, Joe.
I know you can sit there and watch those ads and you can say, ooh, look at that jump cut.
Woo!
Look at that computer animation.
Woo!
Look at that keybinder.
And you think by deconstructing it, you kept the message from getting into you.
But I'm going to tell you something, Joe.
Now, I'm right here.
I'm here to tell you that we are not that sort.
That's right, Joe.
We're not that goddamn sort.
We are not able to resist those messages.
They get inside of us.
They work it up.
And before you know it, you're another high-debt dude out of the conspiracy.
I'm going to give you another example, Joe.
They say that in the NFL, between steroids and weightlifting, football players have gotten
so big and so fast that the human body can no longer sustain the impact they generate.
And the same thing is true by analogy, by extent, by metaphor.
In the world of advertising, the images they generate are so slick, we can no longer resist.
We cannot attain our will.
We cannot make a specific judgment.
We cannot simply ask the other to listen to us.
Oh, boy.
I have to cut in here.
Oh, that was Pope David Meyer two weeks ago in Boston, Massachusetts.
Pretty soon I ought to have a better recording of all the rants from there.
Jayner was there.
A whole bunch of good stuff.
Anyway, I had to cut in because the Will of Dobs just got a call from someone who said
that they had called the cult awareness group.
There's a group here in Dallas called Cult Awareness and had called them up just to see
what they would say about the Church of the Subgenius.
And the funny thing is that when they first opened, I called them up and said,
yeah, I'm kind of concerned about these insane cults myself, and I thought I'd send you some

of our material so you could refer people to us.
And apparently they didn't like the material I sent.
I'd never heard from them since then.
But they're now telling people, whatever you do, stay away from those guys.
That subgenius guy, man, that's the worst.
And especially what?
Keep your kids away from them?
Especially keep your kids away from the Church of the Subgenius because of the sexually explicit material.
Now, see, y'all that only listen to the radio show, you can't do that.

You don't know what you're missing.
And who don't order the tapes.
But I can't advertise that stuff.
And all you can really do is write for information from P.O. Box 140306 in Dallas, Texas 75214
for more information about Church of the Subgenius.
And for that sexually explicit material, which you don't get for free, by the way.
Not like...
I mean, you get this radio show for free and get our information for free.
And it's not very sexually explicit.
But like I say, those of you who've been putting off writing to P.O. Box 140306 in Dallas 75214,
fine, I don't care.
Honestly, I really don't.
I always end up getting the last laugh, dear friends.
I have total confidence that that will continue to be true.
So, you know, I can't tell you what the deal is with the money, but...
Gotta get some money!
That dirty, perky, shark-backed, black-and-wharton, filibuster-barton, perkaluma...
Only we know what we don't know.
And when we do know it, we shall find out later just exactly what it was that we didn't know.
But, in the meantime, we shall experiment.
And delve into the deeper recesses of the human mind.
To find out exactly what causes this device not to function properly.
Could it be a malfunction of the foot gland?
Or the nose gland?
Yes, possibly you did not know that the nose and the feet are true glands of the human body.
And only after permanent foot and nose...
...glandscaping...
...can you know how to make your feet smell and your nose run.
Which would mean, possibly, that you were backwards.
Or...built upside down.
But...you'll delve further into that...
...at the end of the broadcast...
...when you and I cannot hear each other.
Oh, that was Dr. Philodrumon, dear friends.
And we can get into this, too.
The psychoneurotic mastosurgery.
The techniques of which has been developed by the many great doctors...
...who have come over to Dobbs and from many of the other religious cults around the world.
I ain't been the same since I had my first little lobotomy.
And it's...we've got Europeans and Lithuanians and ice doctors and the big doctors...
...and the doctors of the trees...
...and the tree-walking brain socket doctors.
We can do a song about doctors.
And here...hyperclites...
Here it is.
Dr. Philodrumon.
Doctors...
...for Bob.
Doctors for Bob and everything real in my life.
Doctors and Bob and everything real in my life.
Oh, really, my life.
Damn pickup truck come out of the blue done run over my wife.
He's got the blues cause they run over his wife.
Some of you gonna get mad at me.
Jesus ain't in the church.
Don't turn the radio off. Keep it on.
And I wouldn't infer that, uh...
...that our Secretary of State...
...is Antichrist.
But I'm telling you that preparations are being made.
And that the very, uh...the very door of the day of the wrath of God is at hand.
And that if you plan to get saved...
...you had better do it now.
There will be a day not in the too far distant future...
...in which Antichrist will be revealed...
...and the mark of the beast will be introduced...
...and people will...
...have a number...
...in their hands and in their foreheads.
There will be given a...
...computerized number, if you please...
...that will entitle them to do business in this world...
...and with it, you can starve.
We have a lot to do in a very short time.
Boy, you aren't kidding.
And that's the way I've felt for quite a while.
Get ready to ease out of orbit.
Ah, you bet, honey.
That's what we're gonna try to do.
I have never flown a city before.
Many of you in this stadium have been deceived.
I think they'll pass the $10 bridge when they come back.
The original concept was that...
...throughout history, all great geniuses...
...had somebody at their side...
...that was kind of steering them.
You know what I mean?
So you say that person is...
That was the subgenius.
He was the guy that was really...
He was making sure the genius was used to his proper potential.
Right.
And for the right reasons.
That's why the name is misleading, you know?
Now, I want you to hear a little of the service...
...where the Holy Spirit was using me...
...with the gift of discernment.
I was ministering in the service...
...with the Spirit.
God was showing me things about people I didn't know...
...I'd never seen before.
But the Lord was talking to me.
God was talking and I was walking.
Listen to a little of this right now.
And you have come to the end of your rope.
I don't know which way to turn.
Give me money!
It's starting to affect your nerves.
Give me money!
And sleepless nights.
It's affecting my mind.
I want to kill my husband.
Today we're gonna put this in the hand of God.
Kill my husband.
In the Bible in two different places.
A handful of meal brought a miracle.
I want you to hold that envelope open.
Let's see if we save my life.
Save my life!
I'm gonna pour it in this envelope.
Ha ha!
Now.
The future of your usefulness to us...
...brought to you in living simulbursts.
From the depths of the third to simple lives of the Church of the Subgenius.
1984 Version.
Send soon for a list of those deities certified approved.
PO Box 1403-06 Dallas, Texas.
75214.
75214.
75214.

Read.
Moo!
Yes, ma'am.





We're available now on supplementary forms.
Through our offices in Dallas.
539

1-3-3-3-5
100-5-例えば
The money is in the envelope.
Slag.
Slack...
slow.
In some ways, the brain is less important to a subgenius than to a pink.
Being less intuitive, pinks need more brains than we do.
Their value system is based on intelligence rather than good sense,
which is related not so much to thinking as to the feelings of the heart and the foot.
As mentioned before, however foolish it may sound,
the subgenius foot doubles as a gland, and a very complex gland at that.
It leads you the way you need to be treated by intuiting the world around you
so subtly that you rarely notice its machinations.
It was discovered by Dr. Philo Drummond,
and he best explained its functioning in this excerpt from his daily radio show,
On the Road.
So named.
Because it is usually recorded in a car.
Or money.
Self-worth.
Or money.
To love people because they need it.
Or their money.
I believe it's something God puts in us.
Or what else does God put in us?
I wish he'd give us some money, huh?
Yeah.
Oh, the money.
Oh, if we could truly know nothing only.
Reinforcing the powers.
Of the brain and foot gland is a small secondary brain at the base of the subgenius spine.
The mighty stegosaurus also possessed this organ, which made it tweet like a bird.
It helped it direct the reproductive and eliminative systems that are so important to us.
Another gland unknown to normals is the peen gland in the brain,
which regulates the eight separate stages or character generations through which the subgenius personality evolves during an average day.
Literally, eight separate stages.
Eight different personalities each have control at the jessie helm of behavior at varied intervals.
We each contain eight people in our corrugated, rugated subconsciousness.
The actual average human has but four.
Good, bad, bland, and asleep.
The last thought by some scholars to overpower the others for up to 18 hours a day.
These different personalities account for the compartmentalization of the subgenius brain into eight distinct units or efficiencies.
In the descending order...
First, the left brain.
The peen brain, which controls paranoia, anal compulsion, overwork, or my thinking.
Then the north brain, the make brain or take brain.
It handles jobs and money.
The south brain, the fake brain or talk brain, which covers the grey and limbic areas of speech, writing and lying.
Then the hind brain.
The me brain.
The pivotal braille center brain.
The private view right.
Biggie back.
and is unaffected by drugs or religion.
Bob comes in on this channel.
Then the forebrain, the sane brain,
which covers love, friendship, traditional family values
called by some the tame brain.
The inner brain, or sex brain, is self-explanatory.
Finally, the right brain, or lame brain, or more brain,
depending on your orientation,
art, music, drug addiction.
And the eighth brain, the outer brain,
is a pseudo-physical shell,
encasing not only the other brains,
but the entire body.
This diffuse brain,
larger but far less controllable than the others,
is the nental life.
The nental life represents fully half of our brain power,
but because it is so independent from us,
we can rarely make use of it.
Occasionally, a subgenius comes along
whose nental life is the nental life.
The nental life is incorporated into his thinking processes.
Such less subgeniuses were Da Vinci, Einstein, and Curly Howard.
For most of us, however, the nental life is a separate entity,
a semi-conscious ghost twin
which mindlessly follows the physical vessel about,
but remains dormant throughout most of our lives.
but remains dormant throughout most of our lives.
Each of us has a hidden alien identity tint comfortably
The nental style does not appear to be familiar with the physical airlowner's issues.

The feeling of a reliant on some of something he or she it seemsüber novels
However, virtual and experience do not Democracy.
protagonist
Cause we got everything we want right here
We got great big heaping buckets of bullion here
Cause Bob Dob brought us here
Yeah, we're singing a praise to Bob
Cause he's done a mighty fine job
Cause I'm slopped up and silly
Like a ripped-headed slob
And all I got to thank is Bob and Ivan Stang
Well, yeah
Yeah
All I got to thank is Bob and Dr. Do
And all I got to thank is Bob and everybody
You can trust me
I'm Dr. Ivan Stang
And I'm prepared to take your money
And give you back your slob
So you can believe in me
I'm Ivan Stang
I never lie
And I'm always right
It extends throughout the rules
And has to do with the universe
Universalism

It has to do with Glenn Stadden
It has to do with Grady's
That's right
It has to do with
It has to do with
It has to do with
It has to do with
It has to do
It has to do with
Gary Gehrman
It has to do with
The anybody luck plane
It has to do with
The typical luck plane
I think memoir's custom
It has to do with
1921
1921
uje
씺
Oh, yes, yes, yes, dear friends.
Oh, we're coming down, getting sort of close to the end of the hour there.
And I'm going to continue talking about the aspects of preachers going crazy on the radio,
specifically here on the Hour of Slack, a couple of weeks ago.
Now, you have to understand, friends, that being a jerk, that's my outlet for artistic, I mean, religious expression.
After all, most preachers utilize the techniques of presumptuousness, orneriness, corniness, and a sort of posed intolerance.
And I also use stupidity and especially cantankerousness.
I can't really, you know, I can't relax unless I'm being cantankerous and inflicting my personal bile and spleen on others.
It's hate, dear friends, and you wouldn't interfere with my right.
To hate? To do my own thing? Now, would you? This is a free country.
And besides, how can you, since I'm the one that's transmitting and you're only receiving?
Only receiving, friends. Does that insult you, like last time?
Well, good! That shows that I'm succeeding in doing Bob's assignment of getting you to stop letting the conspiracy,
or even subgenius preachers, push you around.
This obscure church would be the next Inquisition,
not constantly training you through applied obnoxiousness to be in a continuous state of not merely defensiveness, but outright rebellion.
And if you let me get any more abusive, I'll have to kill you, because you'll deserve it.
It's like I'm like an anti-role model. That's what most subgeniuses, all subgeniuses should be, anti-role models.
Besides, how dare you criticize the judgments meted out by King Stang?
You mocked.
You mocked my total disregard for the broadcast niceties.
Oh, but have you thought about your soul?
Have you even got a girlfriend yet, huh?
Oh, my jibes have but barely begun.
I could rant a paragraph to you that would have every one of you listeners jumping off a high bridge to escape the mocking truth wielded by my tongue.
Or Jane's.
Now, I didn't start out this way, nay. I was a gentle man at one time.
But I've undergone teasings by the blackest minds of our generation.
If I can take it from the likes of Lies and G. Gordon Gordon, then you'd best urinate in fear at the thought of what I could dish out to you on the radio.
To the innocent and guilty alike.
For as my mentor, Dr. Drummond, told me, none are so blind as those who have no eyes.
He who dares to mock King Stang and rouse him from his torpid reveries and clairvoyance.
And yet, he is a man of his word.



Hath played out but the first move in a galactic game on which hinges the very fate of this physical universe itself.
Congratulations, dear friends.
You've now entered kindergarten in the school of terror.
Oh, don't worry. It won't kill you.
Indeed, it'll actually help you to keep your intelligence from decreasing at the same pace as your peers.
But, uh, but at what cost, dear listener?
At what cost?
At what cost?
At what cost?
Oh, I'm well aware of all your plans to assassinate me.
Ha! Oh, surprised you, eh?
Yes, I can see far, far more than you think.
More than you could ever imagine in your wildest LSD dreams.
Fine! Go ahead, kill me!
You would-be Judases and Luthers.
Make your blindingly imbecilic move.
Your mere hume attempt to wrest controls from the claws of this...
Stang demon you hallucinate.
Death would be but a step up in my ascension to ultimate power.
Next to Bob, of course.
And have you not guessed that certain contingency plans have been laid?
Thinketh you not of the children of the Stang?
Oh, I've read my Frank Herbert closely.
The Atreides conspiracy is but a high school prank compared to the all-reaching arms of the Stang octopus.
Oh, your science fiction has failed.
It has ill-prepared you for the next generation of the Stang Ones.
What to your undiscerning ears is but a lively boy of seven and a sweet little girl of six
have undergone since birth certain forbidden training regimens
which will render all your weapons, all your propaganda, and all your mental hexes impotent.
Utterly impotent.
Kill Stang One and the Emperor Xandar is unchained.
And at that point, you can kiss your world, your humans.
Your society.
Your innocent subgenius church.
Goodbye forever.
Or perhaps if by some accident of God the Emperor Xandar were eliminated, oh, then you
would face the Tev one.
And do you think they're my only offspring?
Have you fools never watched a Star Wars movie?
Just as Darth Vader's son Luke was kept from knowing of his own sister's existence, do
you think that I, the Darth Vader of Dallas, have shown all my cards?
Oh, no indeed, dear friends.
No indeedy, I say.
But you'll see.
Well, stay tuned for Ron Lindsey.
You've been listening to King Stang, ultimate stud groupie attractor and mystic psychic
power monger, the very left brain of Dobbs, the chosen bringer, dear friends of terror
and lawsuits, owner of the trademark of God on Earth, slayer of the world, and the only


creator of would-be scribe ship usurpers, subjector of all bobbies, decider of degrees
of fame of subgenius mortals, second chosen of the fishers of wallets, biggest-organed
and sexiest voiced entrapper of radio groupies, subduer of hecklers, butt-splitter of moonies,
exploiter of comedic idiot savants, master of the sardonic over-the-cubed, violator of
postal...
Oh, forget it.
Anyway, okay, okay, don't rush me.
Stop, stop, stop.
Sister Chris asked me to come down here.


She asked me to listen to the Church of the Subgenius cassette and, and, I don't know,
she said something like she wanted a normal reaction.
Well, that didn't sound normal to me.
At least it didn't sound like a church.
I mean, aren't churches supposed to be quiet and not really boring?
I mean, I could hardly understand what went on there.
I mean, was it, was it meant to be funny or what?
I mean, come on, tell me, is it serious?
Like, you know, do you have to...
Are they telling you to stop listening to the church?
Listen to Top 40, give up things like watching Dynasty or eating Haagen-Dazs or maybe shopping
at home from an Esprit catalog?
What?
Huh?
What are you trying to say?

There's this note.
Listen, stupid, stop babbling or I'll ship you to Dallas with a sign saying, U.S. Grade
A conspiracy dupe across your forehead.
Hey, I don't know what that means, but, but I don't like your attitude, okay?
I mean, like, just...
You asked me to come here and I mean, why did you even ask me...
What?
Just, just sit over there, okay?
You try and experiment down here and it just doesn't work.
You try to bring an opposing viewpoint, somewhat of a rebuttal and you never can tell.
This is Sister Chris here.
It's 1233.
It's not 1233, it's two minutes till midnight.
Four minutes till something like that.
And this is K-N-O-N 90.9 FM in Dallas, Texas.
And you cannot leave either.
No, you can't.
No, you can't.
No, you can't.
Carson Hill 3 min.
Stories Presented
Den Franklin
I wanted the woods and the Indians to sleep with me.
But I was afraid of the cold and made them sleep outside.
So I never felt the touch of a warm naked Indian, or...
Or in a cold, naked forest.
Den Franklin.
The only president of the United States who was never president of the United States.
Was he an early drug user?
Let's see.
He wrote of it in Poor Dick's Conspiracy in 1761 while still an apprentice book baker
in colonial Philadelphia.
So, I betook me to the Hashfire Inn for a secret caucus of the hotheads, rebellious
libertines all lusting for life and liberty.
The real George Washington brought the hemp and all the evening cleaners.
We quickly proceeded to get slandered and young Tom Everson goodly stretched by the
hemp which smoked us all like Boston's scrub.
What a fetid fervor of freedom.
I say, let's go.

Let's have a revolution.
Straight up blabbered Sam the tax collector to which Big Ben replied, fine Sam, then we
can invite over a bunch of immigrants and make cars.
Yes, 1761, hemp kindled the fire of American history.
Never be clockwork villains.
That's the ultimate history.
That's the ultimate history.
That's the ultimate history.
That's the ultimate history.
That's the ultimate history.

That's the ultimate history.
That's the ultimate history.


Oh, yes dear friends you've been listening to the Hour of Slack radio ministry produced
by the Church of the Subgenius.
As I said, this is K-N-O-N 90.9 FM in Dallas, Texas.
Stay tuned for Down Memory Lane with Ron Lindsey.
And this is your host, King Pope Killian.
Reverend Ivan Stang, arbiter of hipness, down-putter of talk show hosts in my mighty glibness,
son of the king of bull shatterers, he who hath been copied by David Byrne and Garrison Keillor,
payer of royalty checks to type running buddies, contract signer of all paying subgenius projects,
president of the corporation of all Dobbs PR, 48% owner of the Janer tongue,
first interpreter of the dogma, enrager of pinks and lesser subgeniuses alike,
living embodiment of hate, slack under Dobbs, keeper of the original Dobbs image,
carrot dangler of long-promised magazines, and returner of compliments, you faithless.
Many.
To open
is nothing but pride.
Arise.
Be!
Con soldier.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
This is Li Yijing, a Chinese subgenius.
And you are listening to the Hour of Slap.
Remember, Bob is a comrade of all people.
He is a Chinese, just like in America.
And people need slap.
In Chinese, we call slap le ting tang.
But it must be true slap, not the best slap of our conspiracy.
Boy, will you look at that guy's slap.
Help me somebody.
Help me somebody. Thank you, Li Yijing.
Yes, my friend.
We have the great Ivan Stang here tonight.
Ivan Stang himself, the grand auditor and chief inquisitor of the subgenius faith,
who has every subgenius' name on his special basement computer.
And he's here tonight to make the hour and a half of slack seem like, well, like forever.
Ah, yes, dear friend. So good to be here.
Say it, Ivan, say it.
Feeling the power.
Yeah.
In this hideous, hideous place.
Bob lives, friends.
Bob lives. Don't let him tell you otherwise.
He ain't dead.
Oh, what is this?
I should know.
I'm the guy that has to read sooner or later all the mail that comes to that P.O. box
that you probably thought was just made up.
The opinions expressed by Ivan Stang do not necessarily reflect the opinions of the staff and management of this radio station.
The other staff, the relations,
and spouses of the staff and management,
or the staff of this staff and staff.
That's really true, Al, but he doesn't know that it's all over the place these days.
He dragged out of the Victoria Theater with these eyes.
These deadlights looked on Bob, and the light was dripping from them forever.
There's saint of failed corpses dotting the landscape all the way from Little Rock to Berkeley here.
I don't know what the big deal is.
I mean, that just cause, just cause there's a Dobbs corpse there doesn't necessarily...
I mean, can Bob really die?
I'd say yes, Ivan, and I think you better grow up and face the sick truth that this Bob of yours isn't necessarily everything that you say he is.
I'm sorry. There have always been Bobs.
There has never been a world without a Bob.
There's never, just as there's never been a Bob without...
A Dick, his corresponding evil twin brother, Dick Dobbs.
After a mental mutation...
The demons you may see during the initial hallucinations are not real.
Erotic carnival tale.
If you do not panic, this phase will end after a few minutes.
Jab room.
So always resurface from the hypgnosis slowly, dear friends.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I...
Huh, huh, huh!
No, you know, I want it better that right.
Gary, that should be a...
Huh!
Huh!
Okay, that's good.
Huh, huh, huh!
Well, yes, I was gonna make, I was gonna make serious funny noises.
Because, because we all know that Bob is the man that makes all the ladies go...
Huh!
He's the man that makes all the men go...
Well, let's take a little rest.
It ain't an om-chanting laid-back universe, dear friends.
It's a...
Take a little rest and...
Universe!
Shh!
An action-packed universe.

What's it?

What's it?
Yes.
Hmm!
A boring and streaky universe.
A purulating and...
A universe where everyone has the orange glow coming from the holes between their shoelaces.
Just because.
A pure, relating, and putrescent, biologically active universe.

Enormous bioplasm that stretches throughout infinity.
Oh, did you get some of that, too?
Yes, it was delicious.
It's...
It's...
It is...
It is...
Honestly, Mr.
this big ugly piece of meat.
He was a little short chubby guy
and that's where Bob got the idea.
They say he came in with checkered pants on,
but I just don't remember.
He was allowed to eat all he wanted.
Anything he wanted.
Bob's big boy was a real person.
That's true.
There was a real Bob
and this parable goes to show
that there is indeed always a real Bob.
There has to be a Bob, dear friend.
Even the things which you cannot possibly believe in,
Bob's big boy indeed,
turn out to be an actual historic person
and as it is with Bob's big boy,
surely it is with the far more impressive
and major deity we know as
the avatar of all slack.
That's how we know him.
Others call him him or Monger.
Others call him a demon.
Or your mom.
Or your mama.
Indeed.
And the children of Bob are everywhere.
Bob lives on in his millions and millions,
literally millions of illegitimate children.
All of them pressing lawsuits
against me personally.
Well, doctor, I'm sure you're used to it by now.
When I took on the job as sacred scribe
at the church,
I had no idea what I was going to be getting into.
We had 500 employees in 1980.
Now it's just me and someone else.
I don't know.
Well, that's just the Reagan-esque spirit
that's been enjoying this guy for its own sake.
And yet they say that Bob doesn't even exist.
There are some who say that there is no Bob.
If there's no Bob,
then where did all of those dead bodies come from?
What about all those ads in the 50s
that he posed for?
It says right here,
the body store,
dead Bob's for any occasion.
Oh, put that away.
That's not impressing anyone.
No Bob too big.
No, really.
Really, guys, all kidding aside,
I must admit,
at least the official father church,
the subgenius foundation,
which we don't expect any of you
except the stinking Bobbies to cling to,
nevertheless,
we have the only true word of Bob,
the original apostles.
And as far as I'm concerned,
this whole thing about Bob being dead
is a ruse.
Bob staged that whole thing himself.
It was fashionable in the 60s.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
It's the same frontwards and backwards, friends,
and there's a reason there's an O in the middle.
A hole in the middle between those two Bs.
It's symbolic, friends.
You can look through that,
the center of that O in Bob's name
and see the future and the past.
But don't look...
I think you guys are afraid of J.R.R. Martin.
Bob, Bob, Bob.
So you've been doing this show for almost five years now,
disrespectfully,
making fun of your high E-pop,
the man who brought you slack.
What do you mean, Bob?
Died for your sins nobody knows how many times.
The only thing that ever brought me slack
was leaving Paul in St. Louis.
I'm not scared of Bob.
That was the only slack I ever got out of this damn church
and it cost me $3,000 to have it shipped.
I'm back.
Well, most people don't fear Bob.
Don't fear him a bit.
Oh, they think Bob's always gonna be their buddy.
And then as soon as they think Bob's dead,
they turn around.
They think he ain't looking anymore.
They turn around and go to the pinks.
Going to the pinks, every one of them.
Oh, friends, he's just testing you.
He's been testing you for two years.
He knows if you've been bad or good.
Oh, yeah.
But more people are frightened of Gary
than frightened of Bob.
Anybody want to go to an amusement park?
Why does this situation...

persist?
Well, it's because of the general loss of faith
which accompanies the modern feeling.
And a feeling that one can no longer support,
the credulity, superstition, and fanaticism
of an earlier time
when one might well have believed
in the smiling, pipe-smoking, benevolent figure
known from the book of the subject.
That's right.
That was really beautiful.
Very touching, man.
That was just beautiful.
Could you repeat that?
Let's go.
Escape from Alligator.
Ivan Stang, 15, shows scars after being attacked
by an alligator near West Palm Beach, Florida, Monday.
Ivan and a friend were swimming in a lake
when suddenly he was grabbed by the head
and pulled underwater by a giant sharp-toothed saurian.
I couldn't see anything but teeth
and didn't know what had hold of me
until the gator let loose and swam away, said Ivan,
who suffered wounds requiring 41 stitches.
This is supposed to be a religious show.
Now what is the interpretation of this parable, my friends?
The alligator is the worldly mob, the rabble,
who always seek to devour and assimilate the holy men of the church of the subgenius.
The lone swimmer, buoyed up by the fluid element,
represents, upon the other hand,
the striving outward force of the church of the subgenius,
which requires 41 stitches,
the same number as the number of bullet holes in Bob's bullet-reddled body.
Praise Bob, praise Bob, praise Bob, praise Bob, praise Bob.
What are we going to do?
Wouldn't you like revenge on these mediocrities?
Well, I wouldn't go that far.
These pink boys, these box-dwelling Barbies and Kens,
these normals who have made normality the norm?
Well, no, I wouldn't like revenge on those people.
I'd like revenge on you, Ivan,
because...
You've taken one too many $20 check from me.
I've never got...
I want my slack.
Let's see your subgenius membership card, hmm?
Now let's not get into...
I mean, say the influence came a little bit soon, Gary.
Do you think you'd make it on the escape saucers of the sex goddesses
without your little subgenius membership card?
I'd sure try.
This is a great example you're setting for the people out here.
I've got my Bob Amira card here.
It says that I'm paid up to...
$19.97?
$19.97?
You see, Gary is the Rasputin of the Church of the Subgenius,
often thought for, but rarely encountered.
And it is this self-same learning for slack
which separates us from men.
At the hip, the human may live out his entire life
in a grinding cycle of slacklessness,
yet he never feels cheated.
He thinks it's natural.
I suppose we could pity him,
but they're nothing but half-witted cattle
racing each other to be first.
They're just a slaughterhouse
stampeding you along with them.
But what do you care?
Oh, you've got slack.
Anybody want to go down the slide?
Oh, get along, little bobbies.
Go head on down to Dobstown now.
Get on in that Dobstown corral,
you little bobbies.
He, he, he, he.
Mmm.
Ooh, what's that?
Oh, there's a nice fat one.
Yes, he'll be a good trading...
commodity come the bargaining session
with the exes.
First up, I notice y'all don't talk about religion much.
I guess it's real hip out here in California.
It's a more humanistic approach to Bob.
No, we believe in just letting the holy benediction of Bob
flow out like pus from a pustule.
You just don't understand the true power of the show.
Oh, it's very fashionable to say Bob is a good man.
Oh, he's...
He was a prophet, but, uh, the son of Jehovah One.
No, well, I don't go for these superstitions you say.
Certainly not.
Very fashionable.
It hath not been my use to pray with moving lips and bended knees,
but silently, by slow degrees, my spirits I to Bob compose.
In humble trust my eyelids close in reverential resignation.
No wish described, no thought expressed.
Only a sense of suffocation.
A sense, for all my soul impressed,
that I'm out in the street undressed.
Beautiful.
Church air, one soul per breath.
Church air, one soul per breath.
Get your breaths right here.
Don't need oxygen.
By the Bob's early light,
that too loudly,
we'd scream.
In the toilet, blaspheming.
Whose clogged eyes and dark ears,
This is supposed to be a religious show.
I thought there was a separation of church and state.
Bob and country.
Bob and country.
Oh, the one that was night,
where the hamsters were splashed,
And, of course, frothel pie.
are in the air.
Not a Melvinchy thing.
The Elf's a joke, too, don't you think?
Funny joke.
Bob and country.




Bob's a funny joke, here.
Bob and country.
You've certainly been leading your radio listeners down the great path here.
A big old joke.
I guess the conspiracy's a joke, too.
Oh, slack.
I guess that's a joke.
Well, as they say, pinkness is next to greenness.
The green of the cabbage.
The green of the buckwheat.
The $30 bill.
The $30 bill.
The $30 bill.
The $30 bill.
The true, you're tasting.
The true, you're tasting.
It's gray.
I feel skillful today.
Let me at him.
Let me try.
A baby.
Eh, he's not true, sir.
Walk him around.
Congratulations, Dr. Gabow fan.
I'm gonna deliver it myself.
Wait a minute.
Don't give no keys.
I'm about to say, him after date.
I don't even know.
This whole thing, it's like...
What happened to the organ music?
Give me a can of sound effects while you're at it, would you?
Oh, yeah, and some show stretchers.
And listen to them.
I need some show stretchers back.
Yes, friends, little did many of you know,
but this isn't the only subgenius show.
In fact, there's six weekly subgenius shows now in New York, Beijing, New Jersey,
Jersey, Richmond, Virginia, St. Louis, Dallas.
Come on, hurry now.
We have to catch the last bus home.
This, I'm afraid, does not count as an orthodox subgenius show.
I mean, I had no idea.
I had thought that, I mean, the sermons and the prayers
and the sending up of praises and killing.
It just don't happen that way.
You're in Berkeley, Ivan.
You're in Berkeley.
The sacrifices.
Oh, we have the sacrifices.
The ritual scars.
We have those.
You used to have ritual scars on your forehead.
You've had them removed.
Oh, I didn't have them removed.
Trying to fit in, I guess.
The rat ate them off in my sleep.
Oh, the cage.
The cage.
I got to lock myself in the cage when I was sleeping.
No wonder the rats died.
Once again.
Now, Dr. Stang, when we reflect upon the evils in this world,
why?
Why is it that Dobbs permits such Yehuism to exist?
Can you answer this spiritual conundrum for our listeners?
Well, Bob does not permit Yehuism to exist.
I thought he had to deliver the permit.
He allows it to exist.
He forces it to exist.
It is part of the bulldada matrix of which the...
But what about the cowdada matrix?
Why must we always look at the male angle?
Isn't it more interesting to look up a cow's dada?
An ancient art form turned into an illegal act.
The Aztecs went out for it in a big way.
Bob does not desire a monolithic one-world subgenius inquisition.
I mean, we don't...
We don't...
We don't have to bow down...
to him.
You know, or bend over to him, as the bobbies do.
The bobbies.
Yeah, there's some of these bobbies here.
Get the odd by these.
Bobbies.
Bobbies.
Little bobbies.
No.
Those little collars.
That's right.
You slack vampires.
We'll get a reading on you.
Yes, you can speak to Ivan Stang himself,
or the great Gary Gubofram,
or even your humble narrator,
your howling hierophant of the airwaves, Dr. Howell.
We're all broadcasting on behalf of the lurching Church of the Subgenius.
Help me somebody.
Salvation or salivation.
You are receiving the Church of the Subgenius show
if you are within the sound of our broadcast.
For whatever reason, you are tuned into our transmission.
Be you an habitual listener or even a serendipitous insomniac
ranging the radio spectrum to the radio,

you are to allay the tedium of sleeplessness
who happens for the first time upon our broadcast.
Do not attempt to adjust your radio.
I'll have Jack Daniels and Seven Up, please.
This show bears a patented Dobbs Drome PowerShell time code,
which may cause some home radios to react unpredictably.
Although only a small percentage of radios or their owners have suffered permanent damage, or...
We're not responsible, friends.
There's no... We're not gonna be responsible for what happens.
But what I want to know is who is responsible?
Who's responsible for this suffering?
Well, Bob is, of course, Hal. Haven't you learned yet?
Pain and sickness and death lies the IRS.
And a headache that lasts all year.
And a lot of checks in the mail, dear friend.
These pets in their homes.
But what does it all lead to? What does it all mean?
You fear the feathered creatures with their sharp teeth.
An ever larger bank account for the Subgenius Foundation Incorporated.
Dobbs did not die because he had to.
Wellman chose to kill him on the stage for you and everyone, but mainly for his own reasons.
This man was handed over to you by Dobbs' set purpose and knowledge.
And you, speaking to the people of Dobbstown with the help of Rugo's pinkish ones,
put him to death by nailing him to the crosshairs of Wellman's gun site.
But Dobbs regurgitated.
Freeing his impoptitude from the agony of slacklessness.
Because it was impossible for knee-hee-hee-hee-hee-hee-hee-hee-hee-hee-hee to keep its hold on him.
Now his agonized spirit roams this earth, howling in outer darkness.
But hoping to regain its early hegemony.
The frog monsters are after me.
But the cross or wolf's bane or a sickle through Dobbs' throat,

or a stake through Dobbs' heart, can keep the Epoch at bay.
Remember, the monsters are out there.
And it's either you or them.
This has been a public service message from the Subgenius Show.
I don't understand. Either you can take your stake and you can eat it, or you can pound it through Dobbs' heart.
It has to be frozen, rigid and hard.
I prefer using a wet spoot.
I'm sure you all recognize this beloved melody as the ever popular oldie but goldie classic,
slap your chops shut baby with a Stilson wrench.
But did you know that the same haunting tune was also Splat It Over Rich's
eczema cantata number 12, opus 99 in C magus?
Now you and your entire family, including kids from 6 to 60,
can enjoy this and other classic masterpieces of the world's longest playing music in your own home,
whenever you like.
Expose your youngsters to the impotent world of symphonic overkill at any time and at your own convenience.
You want to go someplace where...
You can only spend about as much as you would for a really good set of luggage,
or a year of education at one of the more prestigious institutes of higher learning in this great land of ours.
Every week you'll receive another high-tech 78 rpm album,
each in its own permanent storage case of semi-permanent, non-biodegradable sturdy fiberboard.
And at first, you need pay nothing.
Later we'll demand more and more, but you receive your first mutilaginous masterwork,
The Cuspidor Concerti,
by G.R. Robertini,
Dabzini.
Giovanni Rodrigo Robertini's Dabzini was director of chamber music to the Duke of Wellman.
He lived in dire poverty and suffered from yawns, jaundice, syphilis, gout, rotten teeth,
and an unknown debilitating disease which caused deaths of blindness, deafness, and madness.
Dabzini fathered 49 children by his second wife, Connie Maria Anna Hugeltoffler.
To support his large family, he wrote 467 symphonies,
98 concertos, 48 known motets, 19 operas, and two concertini.
His European fame was based above all on the sensitive sweetness of his Adagio movements.
Do not attempt to flip the show when you reach the end of side one,
no matter what you're told by later instructions on the show.
There is no side two. However, if you do discover one, don't listen to it.
Theologians have debated the existence of a side three,
but this, as well as a hypothetical side four, are only in the realm of conjecture.
My friend, if you can reach side three of this show, then you will know you are already in life.
Help me, somebody! Praise God!
My leg went far. Pull the lever down and you go!
Copyright 1986, J.R. Martin, please.
Yeah, did you ever look at that Monty Python record? It really did have three sides.
Well, perhaps if you tried to get side two of the show, you'd just get side zero of yourself.
I try to get to the other side, but there's no oxygen over there.
You open up the gates to your lower self, the lower self you share with all other subgeniuses.
Simply because I happen to share a lower birth with many subgeniuses,
I refuse to consign myself to an eldritch cleaving to laws far beyond our disposition, which may indeed ice my soul.
And these starving subgenius refugees seen here, crammed in here,
together in these Rolls Royces, being sold off.
Uh, Dobbs' whole collection of Rolls Royces now being auctioned off in Dallas.
Hey, here's a little news thing our listeners might be interested in.
Actors and musicians are invited to audition for the lead role in a stage show, Dobbs.
Words and music. The first bob is authorized to be done around them,
which is made up entirely of
25 bobs.
This is like a story we heard earlier.
It is as if it were ordained from the beginning of time.
It says here you have to go to Malaysia to audition.
Wait a minute, I'm not getting any royalties for that.
I never heard anything about a Dobbs stage show.
Too late, it's already on its way.
I'm afraid the Dobbs...
Well, it's right up your trademark.
Legal notice is a trademark.
The name subgenius is a trademark.
I personally wrote a check for $400 to get that face trademarked.
Look at this fictitious...
This is true subgenius stuff you're hearing, folks.
This is the real thing. This is no razzmatazz.
This is no tomfoolery. This is the real Ivan Stang,
and he's telling you the straight poop.
So stand up and pay attention.
The MG finishes...
Oh, they're making money all over the place off of Bob.
It's like the Spock...
Look at this smiley face now.
The smiling face of the 80s.
The following corporation is doing business as Dobbs Image Incorporated.
Here's another one right here on page 59.
It says the following person is doing business as Bob's Brain.
Ukabonga.
How many of these people are sending you money? None of them.
You ain't fooling me, Philo. I know you're out there. You're listening.
I want you to call them boys off.
My boys will meet you.
I'm gonna meet your boys behind the old church down there in Jonesboro.
Now you can bring all your minions and your evil conspiracy devils.
We're gonna have it out, boy!
No, no, no. That's not how it happened at all.
Doc Holliday stood over here by the fence,
and they were never actually in the sub-G corral.
The famous gunfight actually took place over here by the hotel.
Now, Kirk Douglas played the part of Doug Willman in the 1954 movie.
And, uh, these souvenir boots have been stuck in the street ever since.
That's what we did, and now we're better than anybody else.
The Dobbs model was built by Carlo Rambaldi.
And it's articulated. It can make 27 smirks and sneers.
With the guys, big Bob's voices died.
It has big, friendly plastic eyes, too.
Big, friendly eyes.
I'm sorry.
Experience time travel.
Anvil possession.
Past wives.
UF odors.
And big feet.
Here on the mysterious hour and a half of misery and darkness.
Yes, you're hearing the authentic spewings and spoutings of Ivan Stang himself,
as well as Gary Gubofram.
And the evil Dr. Howell.
Burn him. He's evil. Evil.
And the guidance, the firm, intelligent hand,
the guidance of Mobius Rex, Dr. Mobius Rex,
who has led us unerringly.
Never gave...
Down the primrose path, I would say.
...the lip of the tongue that would offend anyone.
There's many a drip twixt the tongue and the lip.
...Mobius Rex, I think...
Yeah, I think I heard that one.
Actually, it's a lot better than the last subgenius.
I am the pea shooter and you are the pea, I think was the line used in there.
Just as we can tune our radio...
Well, yes, there is that.
...in the chosen stations.
So can we attune our consciousness...
Oh, gosh!
...to a higher and more powerful subgenius sound.
Well, that's the funniest subgenius sound.
Hey, goof off, man.
There's a lot to be said about not receiving any West Coast money.
Because you understand, the money you receive has to be filtered through the West Coast Church.
Because it's West Coast money.
I don't think it would do you any good if it came directly to it.
I think that us laying our glands on the money perhaps does a lot more than you just getting it directly.
You would just waste it on something like paperclips.
Or money.
We take it down to the Emeryville mudflats
and just throw it on the spot where you found that dirty, nasty head.
What is money, anyway?
Indeed, all is chaff which blows away in the exhalations of Jehovah One.
I could ask Guy Dool that question.
It only gains its true power at the moment that it passes from your pocket into Bob's.
And since Bob isn't here, you can still send for that information from the Church of the Subgenius.
And they need to be laundered.
We have the pocket of Bob here.
And they smell like they haven't been washed in months.
But look, Connie did this embroidery.
Through this, the envious Wellman slashed.
And as he plucked his cursed steel away, mark how Bob's special ichor followed it,
as rushing out of doors to be resolved if Wellman so unkindly knocked her no.
It was too Wellman.
Then fall, Dobbs.
Bob's slavered you.
Then first a mighty fart.
Great Dobbs he fell.
I'm not going to be able to let my kids listen to this show now. Way to go.
Why, it's just an ancient Anglo-Saxonism from the early history of our race.
Meaning to hit or strike.
Yes, as in Farquhar. Farharhardenfartinhardenfartin.
Oh, here we go.
How many of you pyroflatulate? You've blown off pyroflatulate.
Don't be embarrassed. Come forth and testify.

Just call us at 848-4425. That's 848-4425.
We release all gases through our lungs with the sound of .
Call any time, day or night, if the spirits are moving.
Remember, there will always be a subgenius pastor there to hear your words and receive your heart.
Untuned to JR Bob Dobbs.
Professionals welcome. Women discouraged.
Tom, you need me?
Oh, yeah, the Good Sex for Mutants League, and now stationed in Utah.
Say, I see a little light here on our board.
It looks like we have a caller after all.
Oh, whoop-de-doo. A caller. A slack vampire.
Maybe, but maybe one from France.
Hello, you're on the air.
Listen, I've got a problem.
Uh-oh.
Every time I die, something happens.
Cowards die many times before their deaths.
The valiant never taste of death but once.
Okay.
And, you know, if Bob lets you know for sure that there was an afterlife,
half the people in the world would commit suicide.
So there's an evolutionary reason for this.
We're interested in the...
And the other half would kill themselves. It's a real drag.
It's the before life that concerns us.
That's right. It's the pre-life, the pre-existence.
The sub-life. Something which is a plane of existence below our own life.
Hanging around in the ethereal nothingness.
The underwear lurking beneath the clothing of existence.
Subligacular.
Wait a minute.
We've forgotten the customer again.
Oh, yes.
Dear lady, please express your opinion.
Please.
What should I do?
Open your mouth.
Donate your heart to Bob.
Yes. Open your mind.
In a figurative manner, of course.
And open your wallet.
Yes, and bend over.
And touch your ankles.
And receive the word of Bob, dear friends.
And he speaks to you through the voice of Dr. M. Brady.
You will be changed. You'll be a new being after that.
You'll have giant, powerful television sets and be able to...

You'll be able to walk through walls.
I am dedicated...
That sounds wonderful.
Say, could you tell me, are you as beautiful as all the women here in the Bay Guardian want ads?
The relationship ads?
Uh...
Poor Dr. Cabofram is a lonely soul.
I feel better already.
I feel better already.
Thanks.
There is a sub-life.
Wait a minute.
Wait.
Before you go, tell me, are you fantasy color?
You could be all the power.
Definitely.
Pink around the collar.
Well, let's check out then this other...
I'm a little bit...


You're a blinking...
Goodbye.
Apothegm.
Goodbye.
Put your hands...
Lay those hands on the radio speakers.
Make love to your radio.

Hello, you on air.
Lay your hands.
Yeah, I just saw Bob's body on the freeway.
Not again.
I told you, private.
We get those calls in Dallas.
That's why we get...
Okay, now look.
I'm not going out this time.
One of you guys go...
I went out two times and nobody else did it the last time.
Somebody else...
We'll just call the Animal Control Board.
Go out and pick that thing up.
Call the Animal Control Board.
I mean, I normally eat road kills, but I'm...
I don't know about...
Smith and...
A smashed dog.
We'll have to send one of those animal control trucks over.
It's no good.
It's destroyed, man.
It's destroyed.
50 cars ran over it before anybody was stopped.
Well, I'd say it's probably...
Well, you know, but the cells can still...
One cell carries all the code information to create a new Dobbs.
You cook that thing just like you cook abalone.
You peel that dog's corpse...
Abalone.
...right off the road.
You dip it in egg and a little bit of flour...
Eggs.
...and cook it in olive oil...
Mmm.
Mmm.
...or butter.
And then you put it in a big old bowl of fried dead body of Dobbs, dear friends.
We call it Bob's Birmingham.
Bob's Birmingham.
That's right.
It's the most delicious of all road kills.
Much better than skunks, squirrels, or kitty.
Or squished ferrets and weasels.
But Bob's spirit lives on.
You can talk about these Bob corpses, like I said, but he lives, because he's more than
just a dead body with a grin on its face and a broken pipe in its mouth.
He represents something, dear friends.
He represents...
And all of the checks...
Due to some P.O.
Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Remember that address, folks, because later on during this program, we're going to have
a special bonus.
So, Sonya the seeing poodle wants to get on the mailing list.
Well, let's put her on.
I keep trying to send $20 in, but poodles can't write.
Well, why don't you write for her then?
We did get a subscription from...
Holly helps us.
...a subscription from...
I'm sorry.












From...
And I hope you'll tell her hello from me, Dr. Howell.
Only I think she was kidding.
I think that was a fake name.
Some people use fake names in this show.
They hide behind a pseudonym.
They're afraid the conspiracy's going to come after them.
Just because the conspiracy gets their addressable friends, I'm the one who's got access.
Me and only one other person on this whole planet, someone else, has access to the identity
codes for all of you, all the listeners of this show.
Cue Night of Slight shooting tape.
All right, now we're going to check out the movies on TV here, and we'll have a report
about agricultural instruments and...
Oh, no.
Are they showing subgenius video, the movie, again?
Yeah, I believe so.
...be so out of it that you don't even know who Bob Dobbs was.
Oh, they're looking for a pay-stub artist to take the pieces of Bob's brain and try
to put them back together again.
Of course.
Oh, that's our...
It's art nowadays.
You put a pipe, you take any picture, put a pipe on it, it's art.
Get 500 bucks or so for it, New York.
Of course, it is subgenius art.
Got a pipe.
My kid does better art than that.
Art.
Art.
Art.
