Named one only, named him only.
Oh, whip it out, dear friends.
I mean, that's what you're there for, isn't it?
Please stay tuned to this frequency for the Church of the Subgenius,
Econo-Cataclysm Emergency News Service.
Please stay tuned to this frequency for the Church of the Subgenius,
Econo-Cataclysm Emergency News Service.
Econo-Cataclysm Emergency News Service.
That is correct.
That is correct.
Yeah, I think that is going to do it.
And then what we've got, we've got the singers coming in
at about 3.
First 10 seconds.
And we've cut that in the studio.
We're going to bring it back down.
They're laying it back right now, doing one of those audio laybacks.
And when we add that to it, do you guys have chroma key?
That is correct.
Yeah.
That is correct.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, now listen to me.
We want to make it so that you can, what do they call it, donut?
You know, where you have the front.
The beginning.
That is correct.
Yeah, because we're going to be putting in every week something different.
Oh, yes.
Dear friends and welcome to the Subgenius News Radio Ministry Hour of Black.
Subgenius News Radio Ministry Hour of Black.
Studies in the word of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
High E-pop, living avatar of slack, overlord of the 12 super universes,
saint of sails, and deflowerer of cunning.
Featuring your host and prayer partner, Reverend Ivan Stang,
and a cast of hundreds of the true 13 apostles of Bob.
Brought to you by Bulldotta Time Control Laboratories, a subsidiary of the First Orthodox
Stangian Megafest Temple Lodge at the People's Covenant Church of the Wrath of Dobbs Yeti,
Resurrected, Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
That is correct.
Yeah.
Okay.
That is correct.
Is it possible just to take the audio from that, because we want to run it at the local station.
Yeah, just give me...
It's...
Yeah, one of those tapes.
I don't know what they do.
You guys know, okay?
That is correct.
Yeah.
That is correct.
That is correct.
An attempt to keep the useless picture, you will find yourself writing some rather useless words.
A variant of this is the second basic.
Put the voice under.
Die Märchen loten das Gest 말.
Das Salz zum Satz.
Damit Sie allen, die es verdient haben, in diesem Jahr etwas ganz einmalen...
could not like it and now to the editorial room of the jurgens journal and walter winter
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa we're high tech tonight boy oh yeah we're come come computerized
we're a modern church now i was gonna do this rant on gimmick boxes gimmicks
and about how one reason there's so much dull listless music around is that nowadays you don't
have to have any skill with a musical instrument all you need is an expensive computer so any
spoiled rich kid can cut a boring album and they all
you
and about how the explosion of cheap electronic special effects boxes has led to this
overload of gimmicky gimmicky gimmicky gimmicky gimmicky high tech pinkness and vacuousness at
the expense of good old butt beating feeder pleating bible kicking pill puking emotional
passion
it's reference to the
for you
two
three
four
three


six
seven
and six
boxes myself. Because first, I need a new dryer and got to get that roof leak prepared. But then I thought,
wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute. And throughout history, the absent-minded,
scruffy space cadets of genius inventors have always made do with their cheap patchwork gizmos
to create, manually, new styles which were later imitated with great ease by pigs who could afford
better tools. Uh, cases in point being DK Jones and Negative Land, who 10 years ago were doing
by hand what every yo-yo, bobby, and bobo with a computer does now on Top 40 Radio.
And besides, I realized I do have a cheap gim, gim, gim, gim, gim, cracky version of these high-tech
scissor-
scissor- sound edit- edit- edit- edit- editing machines.
My little Macintosh LC and this sound edit-
a- nice program I was sent by a beloved fellow subgenius at so-so- so-so- dada- dada- dada-
dada- which I am now playing with.
And it's true, this is just the cheapest possible little mic.
And it's the lowest possible.
And it's a reasonable sampling rate.
And all I'm doing is gimmickry stupid effects for the sake of effects, but, but by gobs it's fun.
And it's slap-full.
And it makes me think what we could do if we had the real, real fancy computers that hold four hours of perfect stereo at the highest sampling rate,
and you have instant access to the world's library of sound effects and music things.
Eww.
And you could just load every subgenius recording into it and then just edit and edit and edit and edit,
without ever losing a generation.
of quality because it's all digital and then digital that makes me think that's digital how
come some crazed digital zillionaire hasn't bailed us out and bought that digital thing for us how
come every other digital grew ball cult has some zillionaire that buys these trinkets for them
digital and I think man woman there's something bad wrong with this world and that makes me mad
that gets my hate up gets me a hankering to do some casting out of false prophets if you know
what I mean and that's what I get in the spirit oh yeah praise Bob I mean discernment yeah
yeah
commercial signify an important American privilege Dan yes why do they call you Dan the organ man
ha I can think of several reasons but one that comes to mind is nobody else can provide a larger
selection of top quality transplant organs at such low low price now why couldn't I just add
my name to the nationwide dance of the dead I don't know what to do with that I don't know
這樣 de photo euce seu que a gente www. confirma isso vai faltar a umb sub doi bye
fucking Swag to say six everybody más pra você também tá vendo man
é igual tchau
a gente tá vendo
show
I can have a quality kidney typed, matched, and sized for your wife right in our showroom at a remarkable discount.
Now you have a friend in the transplant business.
Call Organtown today at 800-555-COMA.
If you leave patients to get into a bad state and you have to operate urgently, you're going to get a few deaths.
Now, at this point, I change horses and move on to the subject of Crohn's disease.
And just to say briefly, now if you have any leanings towards colectomy and iso-rectal anastomosis, close it.
But all I can say is I get lots of recurrences when I do this, and I get a few leaks.
So my own tendency is if the rectum seems normal, perhaps with a bit of anal disease,
not to do an immediate colectomy and iso-rectal, but to do a sub-ingenious,
say a total colectomy or procto-colectomy and iso-rectomy.
And of course, a lot of them have...
So it's very attractive to...
Keep the rectal sub-ingenious, and then after a year or so, consider joining the patient up.
Freedom of choice.
And that, ladies and gentlemen, winds up another Juergens Journal.
Until next Sunday night at the very same time.
Until then, and with lotions of love, I remain your New York correspondent, Walter Winchell,
who thinks every American has at least one thing to be thankful for,
and who thinks every American has at least one thing to be thankful for.
No, I don't believe it.
It's gone to look.
When you get back on the line, do you hear...
Occasionally, valves come out of place.
It's incredible, but they do.
They come out of place, and they then make it difficult for the brow to get the tube in.
Yes.
The brow has a hard time getting the tube in.
Wait, wait, wait.
You're pregnant!
How?
What miracle of medical appliance has brought this...
this thing to bear within your intestinal arm?
The fact is, I'm pregnant with emotion at the very prospect of proceeding up to Arcata, California,
where the surfers go and where there's another sub-genius show.
The Association for Consciousness Exploration and the Smart Bar present the world's first Rant and Parade,
featuring...
the Reverend Ivan Stang of the True Troupe, the Sun...
Genius!
...and DJ remix of the East and West Coast Rave Scenes.
Experience Bob Dobbs, the Messiah of Slack,
through a continuous barrage of mind-altering videos,
sub-genius gut blowout services,
squirtatious light shows,
and driving rave music to dance your pants off from dusk till dawn,
including world beat drummers, Reeper Cushion.
The Smart Bar will be transformed into a...
...sci-fi...
...gadelicatessen!
...where you can experience mind machines, multimedia environments, and a smorgasbord of sensual weirdness.
Plus, the marriage of Bob and Connie.
Saturday, May 23rd, 6pm to 6am.
Not since the fall of Rome has the club world seen such writhing, wallowing, tribal mutant decadence.
The ATVC calls.
Boy, that was way out there.
Aren't they planning a sort of Bob event?
Another Bobathon up there. Yeah, I think so.
And, uh, actually there are going to be free candies for the kiddies and balloons,
and, uh, of course, they'll have, uh, Fusco the Clown,
and the usual line of baffling tricks.
For example, there's the amazing Zig-Zag card.
Whee!
It's the most diabolical pocket illusion ever created, and you can...



You can see those fancy pressed digitators doing it right up there on the stage at DocStock Mini 3.
Yes, a regular card is examined and signed by a member of the audience known as the plant,
and placed into a frame.
Right here, we're placing it into the frame now.
Miraculously, the card is apparently divided into three sections and zigged and zagged several times.
And each is packaged separately.
Notice I have nothing up my sleeve, ladies and gentlemen.
Oh, well, yeah, look at that.
Just my own, uh, bulging, liver-spotted, hairy arms here.
Okay, now, watch his hands, will you?
Oh, I magically restore it.
Oh, oops!
Oh, I'm sorry.
Excuse me, that wasn't supposed to...
That's not your real hand, is it?
No, I... this is, um...
Uh...
Yeah, this is really neat.
Uh, no, no, no, forget it. Let's do something else.
No, no, forget it.
Look at this guy!
No, no, stop!
No, no.
Come on.
Stop trying to embarrass me.
I mean, that's not really my hand.
Boy, I... I'd never... I wouldn't admit it if it were, but...
What are you doing again, everybody?
No, I'm not.
That was the only time I'm ever gonna...
I'm gonna do that.
You have another hand!
Well, it's... I tell you, it's a fake hand.
Well, okay, you probably got a bunch from that, right? Okay.
Well, I...
Just watch what he does here.
Please. Come on, get the spotlight off...

Lifelike, shapeable hand.
Is it alive, or is it lifelike?
Can you tell which hand is real?
You can't beat the detailing of this lifelike, shapeable hand.
It was molded from a real human hand.
Shapeable hand of Shakespeare
can be positioned...
in any natural way that a real hand can,
plus a few not-so-natural positions, if you know what I mean.
Use it when you just need to lend someone a hand...
or if you just need to send a special handy...
message.
Uh, it might seem somewhat underhanded...
but, uh, I'm sure you'll have the matter well in hand.
Designed to make those synapses fly.
Designed to make that blood circulate.
Designed to make that heart throb even harder.
Yes!
Causing vasoconstriction and violent headaches at times.
You'll find all kinds of fun uses for your fake pumping heart.
Put it under your shirt to prove your heart beats only for them.
Leave it in San Francisco.
Give, cause you gotta have heart.
Peptoxor uses a scary horror effect.
With battery power pack and 28-inch cord.
Requires two C batteries.
Seven by five inches, same size as real human heart.
Order number 3750.
Pumping heart draw.
$119.95.99.
Now, when I say cut me some slack, praise Bob.
Or cut yourself some slack.
We're offering an opportunity for a most holy experience.
Well, you're asking for something for nothing.
And why not?
I mean, if you're gonna have your cake, why not eat it too?
People have just gotten used to lowered expectations.
They think, oh, well, I'm, I'm, I'm not meant to...
have everything just the way I want it.
I'm not meant to have slack.
And, and, uh, Bob came along to, to, uh, tear down that ridiculous notion.
The conspiracy.
Yeah.
Has got, has got people believing.
You know, Kevin, that there is a conspiracy.
Against Bob?
Against you, against me, against, against all slack.
No.
Um, and it's, uh, this isn't like the conspiracy to kill President Kennedy or, or the conspiracy to hide the UFOs and the air bases in Nevada.
This is a different conspiracy.
This is the conspiracy that, that is behind all other conspiracies.
And it's a conspiracy that doesn't even know it's a conspiracy.
It's the conspiracy of the normals.
Oh.
The normal people.
The, the, and, you know, I, I, we know you can't help it.
Yeah.
You, these people are all...
There are some out there listening.
Occasional, like, people who might be dealing with, uh, some, some sort of, uh...
Uh, retentive disorder that psychiatrists talk about.
Uh, yeah.
You know, the inversion disorder.
Yeah.
Right, yeah.
Uh, it's, uh, I know exactly what you're talking about.
I don't, I have to be careful, you know.
On my, on my radio show, I, I can't really preach the full, uncut word of Bob because the FCC would get down on us.
Yes.
And it's a little station and they don't have lawyers, you know.
And so we, I, I'm, I'm probably more cautious than you are.
But, but over the years...
Bobness and slack have, uh, grown.
The Church of the Subgenius, uh, uh, you've sold now...
25,000 copies of a little booklet, The World Ends Tomorrow and You May Die.
Oh, we, well, no, more like 50,000, I think.
Uh, we, that's how many we've printed and we never give anything away.
That's the difference between this religion and those, those boring ones that have to give their stuff.
Now, how's the...
And all you have to do is recruit five other ministers.
And then you become a regional vice president in the Church of the New Faith.
All you have to do is recruit five people, get five people to send their five dollars,
become a minister and recruit more ministers.
And they're gonna have ministers under you and you get overrides from all the money that their people send in.
Now, the best way is to get started with the tenth.
What do you think, Mr. Grace?
Well, not only can you make a lot of money, but at the same time, you can be doing God's work!
Look at all these rings on my finger.
Pure silver and gold!
Now, I'm doing it and making all this wonderful money.
And I'm doing it for wealth while serving the Lord God, Jesus Christ, Creator of heaven and earth!
And what better job, what more satisfying way can you earn money?
But Reverend Stang, out of your own mouth, I heard earlier this morning that there have been people who have been paying you for subgeniousness.
Oh, certainly.
There have been people who have been paying you for slackness.
They have to.
If they want to make the escape vessels of the sex goddesses at the end of the day, they have to.
If they want to make the escape vessels of the sex goddesses at the end of the world in 1998, they'd better have their $20 in our bank account.
They're not buying slack, they're buying survival.
Membership.
The slack, we just give them, all we provide is a pep talk.
You know, to make them remember that there is a conspiracy of the normals that keeps trying to hold them back.
Keep people from exercising their abnormality, potentially.
And you know what we advise people to do if they can't take a joke?
I don't think I need to go into that major tenet of the church in extreme detail.
Like they say in Chicago.
Yes.
It can't be said enough.
No, it can't.
They cannot be reminded enough what to do if the joke can't be taken.
This is Bill Neal speaking.
This is Stevie Nicks wishing you a very special...
This is Papa Prayer with an important message.
This is General Curtis Goathart.
This is Amy Nightrade at the...
This is Amy Nightrade reporting live outside Haley Center.
This is Major Tom to ground control.
This is Henry Harrison, co-host of the PTL Club Ministry on television and radio.
This, this, bring your class on Pirate Salad Life. Yeah!
This is Governor George C. Wallace of the state of Alabama.
This is Bill Neal speaking.
This is your good friend and prayer partner, Reverend Ivan Stank.
This is the United States calling. Are we reaching?
What's your name, little girl? What's your name?
My name is Luca.
Is your name not Bruce?
No, it's Michael.
I am, I am, I am Superman.
My name is Rolly and I'm a Dalmatian puppy.
This is Bill Neal speaking.
My name is Raymond James.
This is Judy.
I am Nick McPherson.
I am the famous Pikachu.
I am the...
I am Grapples Chablonski.
I am Sarah Noe.
Steve Boyle.
I am the...
This is Bill Neal speaking.
I am Sir Noe.
Oh, yeah.
I guess that's where the tape ends, where the adventure ends, and where hell begins.
Ha ha.
With our extraterrestrial communication network all prepared here and set to go in the Esoteric Castle of the German Research Project,
where we try to achieve a deep, mellow tone as a natural aid to digestion.
Do it yourself with foam rubber, friends.
Are you missing a piece of the pattern?
Well, the Esperanto League of North America and Uncle Ernie Culp, although too easily given to the worship of false gods,
can provide you with just the slack.
Ha ha.
Others in the music queue, you need.
And I need some slack because, uh, well, I didn't start working on this show tonight until about 4 o'clock,
and I only got about 20 minutes into the edit there, so...
Oh, gosh, what am I going to do with the rest of the show?
Well, first, I'll tell you what you've been hearing.
I guess from the get-go, from the beginning of the show,
we had, uh, well, some background music from the Swinging Love Corpses,
some, uh, little clips and cuts from the Over the Edge show from KPFA in Berkeley,
which Puzzling Evidence sent,
the clips about people arguing over the, uh, what fancy equipment to use, you see.
We ended that argument.
The commercials that you heard,
including the ones that you heard,
and down at the very end there,
the This Is Bill Neal speaking, and so forth,
and the organ donor commercial by the all-pro cavalcade for Bob in Atlanta.
Hello, Atlanta.
The rectum cut was by Puzzling Evidence.
Of course, who else?
Who else?
And you also heard some Puzzling Evidence and Dr. Howell from the KPFA Puzzling Evidence subgenius show.
And an ad for a, a D-Vival that's coming up in Cleveland,
which is of no real interest to those of you who don't live in Cleveland.
You poor devils.
And, okay, well,
so much for the, uh,
so much for the credits, dear friends.
And what do I move on to next?
Why, it's a good thing that Chuck Shepard's new
News of the Weird came out, uh, this week.
And we're gonna, we're gonna examine some of the, some of the latest news.
This is all true news.
These things really happened.
And, um,
for some reason he, he has a lead story here.
I don't think this is that weird myself, but
a London firm recently began marketing cigarettes under the brand name Death.
I've got a, a package of one of these
somebody gave me.
Said firm director B.J. Cunningham,
I'm being honest, I'm selling Death.
A skull and crossbones are on every package along with this warning.
Cigarettes are addictive and debilitating.
If you don't smoke, don't start. If you smoke, quit.
Cunningham, a heavy smoker, said,
Sales are going fine.
Wrong place, wrong time.
An unidentified man in, wait a minute, this isn't the proper background music.
We need something cheerful for this.
That's not very cheerful. Well, that's okay.
An unidentified man in Paducah, Kentucky,
who was seen earlier in the airport trying to trade his leather jacket for a ticket to California,
was killed shortly afterward when he fell 300 feet off the wing
of a Northwest Airlines commuter plane he was hitching a ride on.
This guy was so desperate to get to California that he
hung onto the wing of a Northwest Airlines commuter flight
and fell to his death.
You know, friends, I suspect that that unidentified man
had a girlfriend in California.
Probably somewhere in California his true Yeti mate went into heat.
And all the way there in Paducah, Kentucky, he could quiff-read that.
And that's what happens. That's what happens.
William James Oden, Oden, hmm, 20,
tried to break into a pancake pantry restaurant in Nashville
in September after hours, threw an air duct on the top of the building
for a reason about which police could only speculate.
Because the duct was caked with grease,
he slid down faster than he expected and became snagged in the vent
with his arm lodged tightly under his neck, strangling himself to death.
And that's what you get, friends, if you try to rob the pancake pantry.
Bobby Joe Reed died in December.
In Taylors, South Carolina, of a seizure and cerebral hemorrhage
while having sex with his married girlfriend on the floor of her living room.
The frightened woman dragged Reed into her backyard,
then called police to report a prowler.
Reed still had his pants around his ankles when police arrived.
According to The Economist, a government scientist in Wales last year
discovered a way to grow four-leaf clovers after cracking the plant's genetic code.
He plans to start marketing them this year.
Selling luck, dear friends. Can you imagine that?
Breeding four-leaf clovers.
It seems like that would flood the slackonomic plane,
the balance of the market with phylos of slack,
because there'd be too much luck, and it would cause a sort of a,
recession in slack.
There'd be too many stangs of pain, dear friends, too many stangs of pain.
To resolve a neighborhood noise dispute in San Luis Obispo, California,
municipal judge Donald Umhofer ruled in December that
the three basset hounds belonging to Bruce and Bridget Howey may bark
only once an hour for no more than two minutes at a time
and must remain silent from 8 p.m. to 8 a.m.
Aw, yes, dear friend, only in America can you try to legislate
the barking of three basset hounds.
However, the U.S. Treasury Department reported in September
that in the latest monthly tally,
oh, wait a minute, this was too good.
I'm going to have to switch to side two of your
Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour Slack show,
so stay tuned, dear friends, for just a second
as we go to follow the horrible story of the U.S. Treasury Department
on side two of your Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour Slack show.
Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Ssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
Ah, see, that didn't take long, did it?
It was easy.
You barely even noticed the time going by, did you?
And?
Oh, okay. Yeah, let's get back. What shall we put on?
I know. We'll put on some background music that I have no way of even guessing what it's going to be.
That sounds perfect.
The U.S. Treasury Department, dear friends, to continue with news of the weird from Chuck Shepard.
The U.S. Treasury Department reported in September that in the latest monthly tally,
it had received 22 contributions towards retiring the national debt.
People are sending in voluntary contributions to help, dear friends, the national debt.
They range from $5 to $45,344.
Since 1961, $20 million has been raised towards retiring our national debt.
Isn't that patriotic?
The national debt is currently $3.9 trillion.
That's about $15,000.
$15,000 per person.
That's what the government borrowed from you to pay somebody else.
Borrowing, taken from Peter to pay Paul, you might say.
In August, Wichita, Kansas, police reported that they suspected a man had beaten his three children with a board
because they had refused to wear red ribbons in support of anti-abortion protests.
Enough said.
You know, now that I think about it, I probably should take off that background music that we don't know.
We just don't know.
And every time I've ever put on a tape when I was in this studio that I thought was probably okay...
Ha ha ha ha.
Oh, here's a good least competent person story.
Latest negative cash flow robbery.
In Waco, Texas, a man held up a Circle K store after first diverting the clerk's attention by putting a $20 bill on the counter and asking for change.
Hmm, clever.
When the robber pulled a gun and demanded the entire contents of the cash register, the clerk put everything in a bag and handed it to the robber.
All $15.
The robber left the $20 bill on the counter as he fled.
In December, police in Genoa, New York, shot and killed farmer Rolf Rahn, 37, who had shot a plumber during an argument and then holed up for 16 hours.
Rahn claimed that he was an alien and the plumber an android and demanded that police provide him with a spaceship for his getaway.
Later, investigators discovered the remains of 50 cats in Rahn's freezer.
Some in plastic bags with labels indicating that their cause of death was because of a demon.
In September, after a stormy three-way surrogate mother-child custody hearing in Santa Ana, California,
Cynthia Moschetta, 51, walked over to her estranged husband who was meeting reporters and photographers, ripped off his toupee and fled the courthouse.
Poor Mr. Moschetta.
Hmm.
But in Huntington Beach, California, police Lieutenant Patrick Gildia reported in November that officers conducting an undercover drug purchase sting continued to make arrests of eager would-be customers even after the sting was over and large orange police signs were placed in the area.
Said Gildia,
We actually had people coming up and getting in line to buy cocaine.
When we had people under arrest.

And handcuffed.
Lying on the ground.
Now that says, you know that stuff must just be so good, you know, for a person to not even see those police badges and things.
They just wanted to line up and get them some.
Well, we'll go away from news of the weird very briefly here I think.
And take a look at this little clip.
This is the latest UFO magazine, a forum on extraordinary theories and phenomena.
Oh, actually, before I go on too much further, I should give the address of news of the weird so that you can write for information on subscribing to that selfsame noble news service.
Got that pencil ready?
That address is news of the weird, Chuck Shepherd, Post Office Box 57141.
That's Box 57141, Washington, DC.
20037.
Amazing.
Oh.
I have made some observations.
And collected some data which you may find useful.
The British serial crop patterns, crop circles, are meant to fill us, the common men, the consumers, drones, controlled assets, with awe and wonder.
So that we accept the revelations to come from the ruling power structure, a consortium of interlocking cells within the worldwide intelligence agencies.
As they proceed.
And pursue their goal of acquiring power and dominion over the resources, politics, and economy of Earth.
The patterns herald the birth of a new religion.
A drawing upon the ancient nature religions of the Celtics, Madame Blavatsky, Alice Bailey, and the undisguised Aryan supremacist philosophy of the die hard Nazis.
Whose thinking dominates the aforementioned world intelligence agency.
These revelations to come, concern devices and techniques to extend the human lifespan.
Provide clean, economic, and low risk energy systems.
And strange and enormous flying machines.
Also, a new genetically engineered race of man will be revealed possessing many SEDAS, or miraculous powers, including telepathy, clairvoyance, and astral projection.
These messiahs, whom we can expect to see in the next few years stepping out of strange flying machines built in South America,
are in vitro offspring of Tibetan Buddhist masters, or ADEPTs, liberated from the advancing Red Chinese in the mid to late 1950s.
These holy men have been the focus of CIA research under the MKUltra program for more than 30 years.
Such occultists have been the focus of CIA research under the MKUltra program for more than 30 years.

Some of these holy men's faculties, to see and hear at great distance into hidden chambers of your enemy,
using the soul body, or etherec double, have immense covert surveillance potential.
Use of such psychic agents during wartime is a tradition as old as the Bible, Joan of Arc, and World War II.
Even today, psychics are employed to ascertain the positions of submarines.
Marines.
With this in mind, could we assume that the Men in Black are part of the MK-Ultra mind
control operation?
These Tibetan adepts may have been used as psychic interrogators or hitmen to intimidate
witnesses of military testing or advanced aerial devices.
Consider this also.
Beginning around 1986, British engineers who had secret clearances to SDI-related research
began to die in the strangest fashion.
A number of them working on Marconi Limited, a firm working on a Project Stonefish, a brilliant
anti-submarine mine, also the apparent subject of several mysterious deaths.
I propose that the patterns in the wheat fields are created by a product of SDI research,
an orbiting microwave maser featuring a narrow beam projection system.
It is now being demonstrated harmlessly in wheat fields, but could be used with devastating
force upon an individual targeted for assassination.
Or, if you wish, you could use it to destroy a building or a building in the middle of

a city or an entire neighborhood.
Notice that the 1987 time period witnessed the beginning collapse of the USSR.
Under the barrel of such a formidable weapon, what could they do but surrender?
The Iraq War, with the Americans unloading millions of tons of bombs on Saddam, seemed
so wasteful and ultimately useless.
Why throw away all those bombs and achieve so little militarily unless the whole, quote,
war, unquote, was a charade to unload a bunch of out-of-date inventory made by the US?
It's as if the only thing theyじゃあound even thought about was that the 1945 war was
��도 war because they were part of the traitor bomber corps.
Massacred as an American spy, they were forced to flee their jets, arrested labor, and never
рафle ked in front of the Al Weist School, which we'll talk about shortly.
Anyway, then you pick that up, and you know you can get a deal, and you know everybody

Up to now, you can do this kind of things, from two lynchpins to 30 그거 and from L but
time
You'll never rediscover what would be your name again if your Nummer turned into a


Great thanks.
on it one way or another.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
When inside information is lacking,
sometimes the paranoid imagination
fills in.
Well, that may be so, dear friends.
It may be crazy
to think that
strange alien beings
from another world
have traded with our government.
But you know, dear friends,
here in Bob's world,
Bob's government's going to begin its rule.
Living in harmony,
harmony with nature
without any clothes.
Subgenius hedonism.
I mean,
let's look at this subgenius family.
What kind of life are these people enjoying?
Wouldn't you like to be one of them?
Why, yes, you say.
Look how healthy they appear.
If you were told that these people
had already lived thousands of years,
would you believe it?
Well, friends, Bob tells us
that the old will become young again
and the naked made neckeder
and so forth.
And he shows us how to achieve this
in our lifetimes.
You know, someday,
you're going to be walking down the mall
or the street.
One minute, everything's normal.
And then suddenly,
every fourth person is gone
and their clothing is just a heap on the ground.
And a couple of cars,
they'll veer,
driverless off up onto curbs
and into light poles.
But the main thing's going to be
those piles of clothing
dotting the streets.
Suddenly,
where people had been standing one minute,
it's just all those piles of clothes.
Where'd all those subgeniuses go?
What are we going to do without them?
Who's going to run the machine of the world
now that the subgeniuses are gone?
Well, friends,
you're now feeling the effect
of Satan and his demons
being hurled down to Earth.
What do you think those UFO crashes are?
The lie that the devil told Eve
just worked just like he planned.
And that's why they're doing those things to you.
So, friends,
loose living is a feature of Bob's world.
The greedy commercial system
has been cast out of the world
of good health care.
And the only thing that's left
is a healthy, free sinning.
Why did Jesus reject the subgenius life?
The answer is,
he didn't.
Exactly.
Not exactly.
Now, here you see
Christians refusing to worship
an image set up by a king.
But what would you as a subgenius do
if they were holding a gun to your head?
Well, you can just simply appear to worship it.
Don't be a martyr.
Don't let them string you up.
You can laugh at that false idol in your mind
or out the side of your mouth
to any fellow secret sinners
while you're saying that pledge or whatever.
The subgeniuses are allowed to bow down
before any false idol
if that is part of the path of least resistance.
When in Rome and all that.
Because, friends, subgeniuses are the true chameleons.
And vice versa.
So,




next week we're going to go into
details of survival, evasion, and escape
for the subgeniuses.
Ways to size up the situation and know what...
You know, because things are going to get really, really bad, dear friend.
You people have been sitting in your complacent armchair world
just joking about the end of the world
come July 5th, 1998 at 7 o'clock in the morning.
But you're going to need to know.
You're going to have to know.

Well, for instance, we're going to try to...
We're going to give you instructions about human traps
that you can make in the suburbs.
And the plans for these things are so cool looking.
It's like Wiley E. Coyote's little diagrams.
Bait that you can leave out.
Skewer hooks for the pinks.
The kind of things subgeniuses wouldn't care about.
Bait like Playboys and Porsches.
You subgeniuses watch out for...
You subgeniuses watch out for...
the other bait they leave out for us.
Oh, and how to use animals as weapons.
Without hurting the animals, of course.
Poisonous snakes, death adders, things like that.
We're starting our stores now.
And you should store up drugs, dear friends.
Because drugs will replace money in the end times.
Um...
Also bullets, guns, and food will replace money.
But drugs are the most stable bartering item
because they can't be counterfeit.
So if you're using drugs with a gun,

As we say, it's the...
The will to survive is all-important.
But I'm gonna switch to some more
lovely religious-sounding music here.
Because I wanna answer some of your questions
why we just had someone call in, saying,
Reverend Stang, I wanna hear more about
how the pinks and the normals
and all those I-hate veins
the others. I want to hear more about how they're all gonna fry in their own fat
like bacon in a pan on X day while we're saved. Well I've got I mean that's a
tantalizing possibility to savor and we talk as if that were the case in our
recruitment materials but friends it's not literally true that the pinks will
fry on in their own fat on X day. Now the bit about the chosen having front
row seats is certainly but actually almost everyone will survive if they
make it through that first week. In fact to tell the truth everybody's suddenly
gonna all be rich and they'll think the sub geniuses were stupid to leave. Oh
yeah especially since well the actual physical rupture process appears to
those who are left behind.
What looks kind of painful like a burning monk but but life on earth after
X day will be hell but it will be like a hell in slow motion kind of a slow
motion hell. It'll take humanity of time to realize just how what a terrible curse
it was to put technology of the Xists the men from Planet X in the hands of
humans especially humans.
You know for because for every man woman and child to suddenly have free will
given to him by the aliens and the wherewithal to exercise it as if by
magic the ultimate power without the ultimate slack your friends will produce
the ultimate nightmare.
Oh yes oh yes and it gives you a vision that you can't see.
I'm a million vengeful little geeky nerds given little Baron Harkonnen's given ultimate
power I can just see these I'm an over man these are my comic books. For those left behind dear
friends for those who didn't think ahead and have their subgenius membership card in their
pocket you better not lose that one in the laundry just before X day friends.
But for those who are chosen.
When you're lifted up into the escape vessels of the sex goddesses dear friends
oh how great it art because every girl you ever had a crush on since elementary
school will be there and they'll all be madly in love with you although
everybody's sharing each other but there but because time has ceased to exist
there's no sense of possessiveness.

Dear friends just a sense of belonging.
Oh yes it's so so so lovely.
Well well I there's a little bit of readings there from the upcoming of Revelation X the
Bob Apocryphon.
You know I have trouble remembering from week to week which ones I've read from.
Next week we may cover the lifestyle of the Neanderthals or oh gosh.
Oh gosh there's just so much that could be done in Bob's world in Bob's lovely world
to come.
What else have I got here.
I you know I'd love to play you some more tape just so I could quit talking for a minute.
I'm going to go to the bathroom.




Well let's just try some.
Let's see what's happening over at the other radio station in Berkeley California with
puzzling evidence and Dr. Howell.
Yeah go ahead Howell.
Looks like we're still on the surface here.
Yeah but how long before those Huns spot us.
Okay looks like we've locked in.
We're going to have to get out of here.
The whole key was that we had the Enigma cipher.
If we hadn't Jerry might have made a mishmash out of our Atlantic fleet.
Life like spider.
Looks so real it's guaranteed to scare the wits out of anyone who's well spider sensitive.
A handmade replica of a gigantic vermilion spider.
Two feet long and ready to strike.
Watch it crawl closer and closer to your cowering spider phobe friends and then leap to sink
its poison fangs into their quivering flesh.
That's order number 4308 giant spider.
I agree.
Hey you you you you cut me off when I was doing that spider thing.
I was trying to finish that spider thing and you you you.
Just think to turn that switch off.
Why.
Well I hear you still got a tape recording of the old wiggletoes and downy butt visit
squeal thing.
Oh am I on.
Realistic life like snake crawls and strangles your friend as it crawls tighter and tighter
around his reeking neck.
That's order number 4295 python.
Snake the price of this item also is nine ninety eight.
Well you know we didn't hear Archbishop special effect we didn't know customer service we
set off on level eighty five.
There seems to be a malfunction.
How do you have to check this out.
Looks like somebody has broken security.
What are you talking about security genius office upstairs.
Oh you want me to stick my hands out.
Hey.
Now we want to dance.
OK.
Great deluxe double lock handcuffs.
Do you have a key to these things.
Yeah it's out in the car.
Top quality made in Europe to rigid security specifications.
It hurts.
Come on get the key.
Handsome non reflective black color much tougher to defeat because single hinge replaces
chain between cuffs.
It's a little bit too small for my wrists.
Each cuff locks independently of other and requires separate key.
Oh well I don't need to move my hands to read the key.






I don't need this next item.
I get the key.
Where.
You got.
Me that.
Who.
You.

The real.
Time.
Back.
Before.
The time.
You were thinking.
This.
Is.











God happened.
And you know what else happened?
It's that old time religion.
Religion of the bomb.
I know you want to know more about that old time religion.
But here's what you do.
You just write us a special postcard.
You just ask old Ouija man Bob for what you desire in your heart.
You just send us a black cat bone.
A little bit of that green.
And Bob Dobbs will answer all your questions.
You got that pencil ready.
For that old time religion.
You write to Bob.
That's it.
Post office box 140306.
Dallas, Texas 75214.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.




Ah.

And that just blesses my heart.
Yeah.
Because I smell something good, good, good.
Coming right around the bend.
I don't think you want to be here for it.
Because you only like your own, don't you?
That's box 140306.
Dallas, Texas 75214.
Dallas, Texas 75214.
And praise Bob for a dollar.

That old time religion.
An encounter one night while walking home from the tea with the essence of Bob.
This is from Bob.

This is from Bob's word.
From Nolan.
Really it was only the evening, but the days had gotten so short, and the skies so dark
by that time that it seemed and felt much later than it was.
Bob and the extraordinary virtues of Connie were on my mind.
There was a faint shimmer of filth on the concrete as I walked along, reminding me of
various mornings I had risen with a hangover.
It was moist and musky.
Like my mouth on those morns, emitting an odor just beyond palpable grasp, hinting at
something that was wrong, but not exactly identifying what.
I thought of how pink tonsils are, just as they come out of the gullet.
I trudged along the sidewalk, my bean boots making a soft squeaking noise, as though they
were sticking to the pavement.
Just a little bit.
I walked along thinking mostly of the particularly interesting noise my boots were making, not
even looking up from the pavement.
I looked at my feet, trying to identify the point at which the boots started squeaking,
and the last instant of seeming silence, or the first moment of actual sound.
I ignored the impact of the boot upon the sidewalk, near soundless as it was, concentrating
on the squishy sounding noise.
I thought even more about Connie.
I didn't even notice when someone or thing from a window above me threw or emitted something
towards the earth in my general direction.
It was a yellowish kind of substance, the color of lemon cream perhaps, with veins of
a dark solid looking brown running through it in a swirling pattern.
My first thought was that it could have been of extraterrestrial origin.
The impact of this substance upon my neck served as ample impulse to halt my forward
progress and divert my attention from my boots.
I reached a hand to my neck, dabbing it at the substance to see if it was as gross as
it felt.
It was sort of warm.
About the temperature of a five foot shoe.
I felt a little bit of a bowel movement at the moment it leaves.
There was a good deal of the goop too, perhaps a cup or so.
It began to dribble down inside the collar of the shirt I was wearing, so I decided to
enact the removal of the substance from my neck as soon as possible.
I looked around.
Luckily it was trash day.
I dug deep into the nearest container, and came up with a soiled, yet apparently absorbent
piece of cloth that someone no longer wanted.
I dabbed at the slime on my neck and managed to get what seemed a hefty parcel of it off.
Relieved, I rooted around some more and found a used nap that still smelled like disinfectant.
About a third of it looked clean, so I scraped the remainder of the glop from my bare skin.
I was now in dire need of something to get the rest of the stuff off my shirt collar.
I walked down the street a little way and found a jettisoned religious pamphlet.




I picked up the ball of refuse and perused the contents to see if there was anything
interesting on the sheet.
It was all lies about the state's supported Christian myth, so I scrubbed at the fabric
on my shoulders.
The foulness seemed to come off, at least enough so that I could continue on my way
home.
I tossed the pamphlet onto someone's porch as I went on my way, hoping they might glean
something from it.
I began thinking of the sounds my feet were making as they lifted away from the pavement.
Of the almost warm feeling the sound gave me.
I thought of floating in a warm bath, soap scum beginning to collect around the perimeter
of the tub.
I could almost see myself sleeping in front of a fire that had just surrendered its last
flickering embers to the inattention of a slumbering soul.
Then I felt the sticky aftermath of a slug between bare toes in a spring rain.
I knew Bob was speaking to me.
I got home and looked in the mirror.
There seemed to be a dull yellow.
Green stain on the side of my neck where the goo had been.
I scrubbed at it with some Ajax, but it did not go away.
I knew the mark of Bob was on me.
I knew that the roving corporate space god had been at the wrong place at the right time.
I felt a warm glow begin to spread down my jugu-
I must admit I was heating up a bunch of





