Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!

Did you know?
Did you did you see your pretty?
Did you did you see your pretty?
Did you did you see your pretty?
Did you did you see your pretty?
You like it? Pick yourself up!
You got all the money your husband has!
Lookie Joy!
Lookie Joy!
Lookie Joy!
She had one or two things on her mouth.
I think she had a job.
I think she had a job down at the bakery.
I'm about to turn up loud.
I'm about to turn up loud.
I'm gonna ride on this river.
I'm gonna ride on this river.
hair
hair
Do we always see 황
I'm gonna dance, gonna shout, gonna turn this function out.
I like to dream, yeah, just right between a sound machine.
On the town side, I drink in the night, any place that goes is right.
Ghost bar flies near, putting stars away from here.
Well, I'm gonna dance, gonna shout, gonna turn this function out.
You don't know what we can find.
Why don't you come with me, little girl, on a magic carpet ride?
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to...
The Self Genius Hour of Swag.
Watch!
It wasn't something limited, again, by time and space.
We want to bring God down to our realm.
We can't bring God down to our realm.
And all the powers...
Raise the...
We didn't mean any harm.
We just wanted to help.
We did.
We did.
We did.
We didn't need to have a swimming pool and a dishwasher and clothes washers and fryers and air conditioning and...
We didn't need to have a swimming pool and a dishwasher and clothes washers and fryers and air conditioning and...
Just plain stupid ignorance.
I'm...
Come on, girl, let's wrap this time.
Instead of TV, the one you take to bed with you...
What?
What?
Jerk spurt sex work.
I'm gonna go out and shake my pants out on the front lawn.
Sorry, Reverb.
I'm feeling better now.
Yeah, Reverend Susie the floozy is back and loaded for fair.
Oh, jeez, look at all this junk all over the funhouse.
Oh, I'm going to have to clean house so I can get over there to my good stuff.
Oh, hey, look.
My missing Hassel Atkins.
This gives me an idea.
Come on, everybody.
Take off their pants and shake their pants.
Let's shake our pants now.
Take off your pants.
Shake them, please.
Weatherman commands you to...
Oh, tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow.
Oh, it creeps in from outer space from day to day
to the last tailed leader of recorded...
Oh, it's a little bit of a mess.
...and all our cigarettes have lighted subgeniuses the way to bad breath.
Yeah, well, we'll get back to that later.
I just figured...
Out, out, brief flashlight batteries.
Life's but a walking broken hard drive, a poor player who struts and frets his hour of slack
upon the airwaves and then is heard no more.
...dirty facts wrecks sex.
It is a rant.
Yeah.
The
Hello, friends, and welcome.
Oh, everybody, be quiet.
The sermon tonight is entitled, The Smirk of Bob.
You see, a lot of folks, especially the pinks and normals, mistakenly think that subgenies are a bunch of happy-go-lucky slackers.
They think we don't have a worry in the world.
We just live one day at a time, never looking back in the devil with the future.
They look at Bob's picture, they see that smiling face and perfectly proportioned pipe,
and they can't imagine that there's any tragedy, pain, or suffering in having been a subgenius.
Oh, the Christians, they plaster crosses everywhere to remind us that Jesus was nailed to the cross.
The Jews, they build Holocaust museums and go on and on about the Nazis and the gas chambers,
while the Muslims whine about the Crusades and the plight of the Palestinians.
Everyone's a victim. Everyone suffers more than we do.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
But when one realizes that the Vatican is the largest landowner in the world,
or that Israel gets $3 billion in U.S. aid alone every year,
or that the Saudi Arabians, just the Saudi Arabians, have so much oil money
that they have servants that literally wipe their butts.
One.
They can't help but wonder, are they really suffering that much?
They complain bitterly that we don't work hard enough, or that we're immoral,
or that life is too easy on us, when in reality, they're the ones acting like hedonists,
living high on the hog.
My dear, dear friends, just because we don't run around and scream about suffering more than everyone else
doesn't mean we've never suffered at all.
We could have made the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer our traitor,
or our trademark, if we wanted to play that game.
But we're not a religion of guilt or self-righteousness.
No, sir!
We're a religion of holy humor.
That's why we used Bob's smiling face instead of Arnold's bleeding stump.
That, and certain copyright restrictions.
We refuse to dig up historical calamities just so we can excuse our current luxuries and indulgences.
We don't need to remind people of being fed to the lions,
getting killed by crusaders, or being burnt in ovens in order to create a smoke screen for our current sins.
If we're not really guilty, why bother pointing fingers at everyone else?
Well, I think I know why.
It's to keep the spotlight off you and your own misdeeds,
Mr. Christian, Mr. Jew, Mr. Moslem.
All the pretense of poverty and pain is nothing more than a Madison Avenue attempt
to hide your own greed, luxury, and wealth.
Oh, we've seen it all.
We've seen it all before.
Whenever the rich try to impress us with their humbleness,
Hollywood liberals speak out for the poor and passionately plead for care and understanding.
They make commercials for charities, do benefits for the homeless,
and sing, We Are the World.
Then, when the show is over, they drive home in their limousines,
feed the Dobermans a few steaks, and turn on the electric fence,
then retire to their oxygen tents.
The Black Bookstore.
That message is available online at tayt submit.com.
cliche
Now, I'm not gonna throw a bunch of statistics at you and quote how many popes, preachers,
rabbis or oil-rich clerics drive around in Mercedes Benz, but I can't promise you this.
It's a million times more than we do, because you know how many subgenius ministers own
a Mercedes Benz?
Zero.
Not a one.
Heck, we're lucky if we even own an economy car free and clear.
We are the poorest church, the poorest religion, and the poorest paid preachers in the world,
bar none.
In other words, we have the greatest need of all existing religions.
But do you see us asking for the greatest share of contributions?
No, sir.
Those other religions, they want 10% of your income right off the top.
They want you to provide for them in your will.
They want you to pressure your government for billion dollar contributions.
They want you to do it.
They want you to double your taxes so that they don't have to pay any.
And what does Bob ask for?
30 lousy bucks.
They're the ones with the extravagant cathedrals, the lush synagogues, the giant mosques.
And what do we have?
One hour a week on non-commercial radio.
Now, forgive me if I go out on a limb here, but doesn't that sound just a little lopsided?
Of course not.
It sounds a lot lopsided.
But we got something they don't have.
It's called slack.
And I don't mean the artificial slack they try to market for a profit.
Hey, folks, play the lottery and win free slack.
Uh-uh.
I'm talking about real slack, internal slack, slack from within, the kind that feeds on
itself like a breeder reactor.
It radiates a warm, fuzzy glow.
The fuzziness of the air.


It lights up our lives.
It's an inner peace they will never know.
And therein lies the basic difference in our religious philosophies.
They stress pain, suffering, and sacrifice because on the outside they have everything,
but on the inside they have nothing.
They're morally bankrupt, empty shells, just poor, pathetic souls tormented by inner demons
of guilt and self-loathing.

But we subgenie.
We are the exact opposite.
While on the outside we have so little, on the inside we have everything.
And that's why we're smiling and Bob Dobbs is smirking.
Because we're rich with slack.
And for all their money, it's not for sale.
Herein is the word of Bob.
Praise Bob.
Amen.
1
Yes, dear friends, used as feedback for sale.
And where are we?
Where are we tonight?
What have we been hearing?
The preaching there was, of course, by the great Father Joe Mama, also known as Papa
Joe Mama.
We've got some brand new Jainer hyperclites.
Come on.
We've got some coming up.
Some Suzie the Floozy and Reverend Nolan Void.
And there's so many other subgenius shows out there I could play excerpts from that
we'd end up never doing any of our show.
But also we've been hearing some from negative lands.
New CD, relatively new CD, Sex Dirt.
Beautiful.
So full of lilting sounds.
From Sealand Records there.
I should give you Sealand Records address.
For those who forgot, you can write for it.
Negative Land has a great new catalog out, by the way.
You can write to them at 1920 Monument Boulevard, MF1.
Concord, California, 94520.
We've got some great new CDs out.








We're moving to Concord.
We're moving to Concord.
We're moving to Concord.
Oh, anyway, yes, friends.
Well, hello to all the stations out there, the new stations,
and also to our new listeners on the Internet.
That's becoming easier and easier for us to deal with now,
thanks to Jesus and the compression programs and so forth.
Yes, yes, the evil Internet.
But it's not like occult or anything.
This isn't like one of those Egyptian occultists, you know, scary.
Nothing, this isn't one of those satanic deals.
When we worship the great spot,
we worship the great spider at the center of the web.
It's not like we're, you know, just trying to condone evil
or human sacrifice or anything like that.
Oh, that's just a spinning woman.
No, no, no, or...
Grandma.
No, no, we just want you to have fun.
We want you to join with us in the brotherhood, in the sisterhood,
under the web of the great spider who protects us.
Yes, she protects us.
She nurses us.
We may nurse at the peak,
at the information peak of the great spider of the sticky, sticky web.
All we make for the shared glory is a new life of spam.
Look at Chaz fiendishly playing that gigantic organ of his
with that wax mask on his face.
Look, it's weird sneaking up behind him.
She's tiptoeing up behind Chaz.
She's reaching out as if to lift the mask from his face.
She's going to do it.
She's grabbed the mask.
He turned around.
His hideous, hideous face.
You ready for me?
Better be ready to face the consequences.
It's never too late to redeem yourself.
One last chance.
That's all you have.
It's up to you.
You ready for me?
No escaping my eyes.
You'll see them at every street.
You ready for me?
You ready for me?
You never escape the eyes.
You'll never escape the eyes.
You will never escape the hypnotic eyes of Bill T. Miller.
That's one of my favorite pieces there.
And you can get more information on the king of slack,
Reverend Bill T. Miller,
at 1-617-LICK-O-B-E.
If you haven't done that yet, that's 1-617-LICK-O-B-E.
That's a phone number.
You're in trouble.
You're in trouble.
You're in trouble.

You're in trouble.
You're in trouble.
You're in trouble.
Lovely, lovely.
The soul canisters are stacking up here at the church.
Dear friends.
It's so inspiring and enlightening.
Why, it just makes me so happy.
You know, we've got to make a million souls by X day, friends.
We've got to save that many people.
We've got two years to do it in.
And friends, you need to remember that we are having
We're having the biggest subgenius bash ever on July 5th.
Every year from now until the for real X-Day, we call these the X-Day Drills.
And you can call the subgenius hotline, the information hotline.
I'm about to give that phone number for you.
Or you can write to our P.O. box for a wonderful little flyer that we threw together about that.
July 5th, 1996, the first X-Day Drill in Sherman, New York.
And that phone number to call, the subgenius hotline, the DeVival hotline is 216-556-0338.
8, 8, 8.
And we ate this soul.
216-556-0338.
And you might, well you could call 1-900-990-5085.
And you might, well you could call 1-900-990-5085.
That's 1-900-990-5085, extension 324.
For the dial-a-dobbs, Church of the Subgenius Sacred, 900 number, $2 per minute, under 18 needs parents' permission.
Touchtone phone required.
Maximum calls, 5 minutes.
Mystery Playhouse, Tallahassee, Florida.
That's put together by Father Joe Mama.
And friends now for the news.
Teens bloodlust blamed in spree.
I love that word, spree.
Fort Myers, Florida.
Members of a teenage mother.
Militia charged with killing a high school band director and burning down a church were consumed by, quote, bloodlust and arson, authorities said.
The group organized a month ago and called itself a militia, even though members could not define what that was, police said.
The group was led by 18-year-old Kevin D. Foster, whom other members called God.
Mr. Foster is Mr. Foster.
Mr. God, do you?
Buddy.
Is accused of pulling the trigger in the slaying of Mark Schwebes, band director of Riverdale High School, where Mr. God Foster was once a student.
Mr. Schwebes, 32, was shot with a 12-gauge...
It was like a vortex of bloodlust and arson, Sheriff John McDougal said.
It was consuming fame.
They couldn't get enough.
I know how they feel, friend.
But these kids, their head's in the right place, but they're thinking on a small scale.
That's the problem.
The group's master plan...
Now, this...
I like this, though.
The group's master plan was to steal costumes at Disney World and go on a shooting spree that would target pinks, according to an unidentified member quoted Sunday in the news press of Fort Myers.
I wouldn't put anything past them, Sheriff McDougal said.
I have no doubt whatsoever that they would have carried it.
They would have carried it through.
Every other plan they had, they executed.
Not to mention the high school band director they executed.
But friends, you know, really, stealing costumes at Disney World and then going on a shooting spree.
So, uh, well, now you know who to vote for for president, friends.
The Unabomber in 1996.
He's hot, he's got a point, he's got the credentials, down with the propaganda machine.
Wait a minute.
This recording is...
requires better, uh, more forceful background music here.
For this, uh, inter...
Unabomber for president routine here from Paranoia.com.
Uh, friends, you know, because the Unabomber...
The point is, the Unabomber did a...
end run around the media monopoly and published without editorial clearance.
The Unabomber has, by the magnitude of his plan, exposed the media for what it is.
A closed communication system and bourgeois propaganda device owned and operated by the corporate power elite.
What we are engaged in is essentially a struggle for communication.
The corporate industrial complex is a heavily armed fortress dictating the baloney propaganda we are fed daily via multimedia channels.
We hear only what they want us to hear.
So long as the man prevents the message from reaching the masses, justice is impeded.
The Unabomber used terrorism to gain publicity as an end in itself.
Notice how the press seeks to channel the public's interpretation of the Unabomber,
covering it as a serial killer story of crime and insanity,
while deliberately excluding consideration of the ideas themselves.
Imagine, if you will,
mass communications not subject to corporate control.
Why, people might say anything, even things not fit to print.
Exactly.
When the ABC nightly news gets renamed Disney World,
you'll cherish the memory of your Unabomber vote.
Don't waste your vote, friends.
Unabomber in 1996.
Whoa!
And, uh...
Yes, that was from www.paranoia.com,
which is a fun little website.
What else have we here?
Oh, a new dinosaur may break T-Rex's size record.
New York, an amateur fossil...
Wait a minute.
What should we...
What if we put on some pleasant music that Nenslo sent us?
There.
An amateur fossil hunter has discovered what may be the biggest meat-eating...
dinosaur known.
A fearsome beast that looked like the long-time record holder Tyrannosaurus rex.
This new creature was 43 feet long and weighed 6 to 8 tons
when it roamed the froplands of what is now Argentina.
Scientists estimate, uh, in honor of the discoverer, Ruben Carolini,
the huge dinosaur has been named Giganotosaurus Carolini.
Carolinii.
Or Giganotosaurus.
Giganotosaurus Carolinii.
Yes, and they've got a...
Quite a good chunk of the skeleton.
There aren't many Tyrannosaurus rex skeletons around, and this is...
Uh, well, I guess this is a new one.
Jack Horner, the great Jack Horner, at the Museum of the Rockies in Bozeman, Montana.
That's Bozeman, Montana.
It's said that comparing the sizes of Giganotosaurus and T-Rex is tricky because dinosaurs grew
quickly.
They grew continuously until they died rather than stopping at some adult length.
So, in other words, as long as you could...
As long as a Giganotosaurus could keep chomping down on those little no-account pink vegetarian
dinosaurs around him, why, he could grow so huge that his ponderous weight would not be
supported by his bones, and they would splinter beneath the immense...
The...
Uh, yes, dear friends.
And yet, this animal was probably a scavenger, like a subgenius.
Not a predator, not a hunter, nay, but living off the discomfort of others.
Ah, yes, praise Bob.
And that's what we've always been into here at the Church of the Subgenius.
My gosh, look, we're coming down near the end of side one of the show.
We'll just have to...
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
















I'm sorry.

We'll just have to, uh, find some hideous media brawge that will work...
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!



Whoa!

Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!



Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
This is negative land.
Negative land sex dirt here, dear friends.
It feels so pretty and dirty and spitty and so sexy.
Ah, that bloodlust, that arson.
Expert hex sex.
Yeah, and all that.
Sex dirt.
Make her hiss.
We get these things mixed up sometimes.
Sex, dirt, violence, death.
You know.
Baby, baby, baby.
Uh-huh.
Baby, baby, baby.
Baby, baby, baby.
P to the U to the M to the P to the G to the A to the G.
The weatherman is a sex god.
Come on, pump bag.
So what can you do?
You can join up with the church of the subgenius,
or you'll be singing in the choir.
Tonight, I am offering you a personal flotation device
to keep your head above this rising river.
I'm offering you a personal flotation device.
In the form of this man, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
The time has come nigh for you tonight.
The time has come nigh for you tonight.
It is no accident that you are all here.
You all have been chosen.
Don't you realize how much Bob loves you?
He loves you so much that he's willing to offer you
a chance to have your every person,
your every perverse desire, be brought to life.
Your every sick sexual fantasy shall be made flesh before you.
Remember, it is far better to be a speeding car
than it is to be a blind man crossing against the light.
Lick the crack.
I can't do it.
Here we go, ready?
Lick it.
Do it.
Now.
I let my imagination escape all bounds.
Lick the crack.
There it goes.
Into my dumb little cup.
No social conformity is imposed inside my mind.
Lick the crack.
Inside my mind.
Lick the crack.
Eager, ready.
Ready.

I'm ready.
Lick the crack.
Eager, ready.
I'm ready.
Lick the crack.
My trick worked!
Lick the crack.
Lick the crack.
Make her hiss.
Woo!
Six-thirt!
It's coming.
It's coming.
It's coming.
No!
No!
The Library, Why We Fight the Wars, Volume 9, The March.
The march continued through the hot, humid jungle air.
The war raged all about them.
Which war? It's all wars.
It's every bloody, filthy, stinking war all rolled into one
and stuffed into the end of a rifle like a bayonet
jammed into your belly by a screaming, pasty-faced gook.
The sun beat down hot and hard on the sweat-grinched faces of the men,
and the mosquitoes sang a bleak song of malaria.
Minutes seemed like hours. Hours seemed like years.
Years seemed like centuries.
A century seemed like unto a millennium,
and the millennium seemed like unto an eternity.
And yet still, the march continued.
An eternity.
An eternity seemed like eternity plus one.
Eternity plus one seemed like unto forever squared.
And yet still, still, the march continued.
We sweated sweat for the sake of sweating sweat.
Spat spit for the sake of spitting spit.
And on the field of battle, God help our souls,
shed blood for the sake of shedding blood.
And on the field of battle, God help our souls,
shed blood for the sake of shedding blood.
Around the campfire at night, we shared a canteen and spoke of home.
What's the first thing you got to do when you get home, Brooklyn?
Johnson inquired.
The first thing I do when I get home,
I'm gonna be sitting on the front row of a Dodgers game
With one arm wrapped around my back,
my best skirt and my other paw wrapped tight around an ice cold brewski. Brooklyn crowed.
Home. It seemed as though we would never get back home. Perhaps our combat boots knew the way back.
Home.
Suddenly there was an explosion. Brooklyn had stepped on a landmine. The others turned and
gazed in horror as he lay flailing on the ground. A helpless cripple. Brooklyn's face was drenched
in sweat. His mind was broken. He was laughing. I haven't got no legs.
boatner waves
I I got no legs.
For the love of god. I ain't got,
I ain't got any mother lovin bleedin likely
ny charlie

Sarge will
Wielded around angrily.
For the love of God, I ain't got any mother-loving bleeding.
Yeah!
What, Private?
He barked.
For the love of God, I ain't got no mother-loving bleeding.
Yeah!
Sir!
Brooklyn snapped obediently.
I can't hear you, Sarge barked.
For the love of God, I ain't got no mother-loving bleeding.
Yeah!
Sir!
I can't hear you!
For the love of God, I ain't got no mother-loving bleeding.
Yeah!
Sir!
Brooklyn boomed.
Attention!
As well as a legless man flailing on the ground could snap to attention,
Brooklyn snapped to attention.
What are the three most effective ways
the enemy has of concealing a booby trap, Private?
But Sarge, I'm bleeding to death!
Don't back sass me, Private, or I'll have you court-martialed.
Method number one, sir!
Explosive is concealed underneath brush or buried under dirt, sir!
Method number two, sir!
A wire is stretched across a jungle path, which then trips,
sets off a grenade or another force, sir!
A form of explosive, sir!
Method number three, sir!
Method number three, sir!
Brooklyn's voice seemed to trail off mysteriously.
Method three, Private.
A small hole is dug into which impact ignition explosives are placed.
Hole is then covered with leaves and dirt, Private.
If you added stupid Army manual number 4672 more carefully,
instead of...
Now go brick and dirt boot camp, you wouldn't be in this mess, Private.
Johnson, put him out of his misery.
But Sarge, there's a village hospital just three miles up the trail.
Brooklyn pleaded.
Yeah, and there's a freak show on Coney Island.
We got more important things to do right now than witness a gimp.
We got a little war to fight, Private.
Or have you forgotten that?
In the midst of your little problems, Johnson, shoot his head off!
A volley of machine gun fire rang from Johnson's firearm.
A rain of bullets covered Brooklyn's face and upper body.
Baker, check his heartbeat, Sarge ordered.
Baker, the company medic, placed his stethoscope on Brooklyn's heart,
which was now lying on the jungle trail,
having been ripped from his chest by the volley of machine gun fire.
He's dead, Sarge, Baker reported.
I guess he'll never get to see that Dodgers game he was always talking about.
My guess is that he's watching that Dodgers game right now, upstairs,
somewhere with a big man, you know, the chief of staff.
He always wanted to say...
He always said he wanted to be a third baseman.
Now he looks more like a third base, Johnson lamented.
And to think I once called him a coward.
Now that I've seen him in battle,
I think of a lot of other things I could have called him.
But, Sarge, but, Sarge, what are we gonna tell the woman that he loves?
And more importantly than that, what are we gonna tell his wife?
Tell her he was a brave warrior who died a hero's death in battle.
Tell him we're gonna get that seat at that Dodgers game.
We're gonna reserve it just for his combat boots.
Hell, boys, we'll reserve a whole section of that stadium.
We'll order a whole case of brewskis just for Brooklyn.
In other words, we'll lie.
I know I might seem like a mean, hard-assed old bastard.
And by the time this march is over, you men will probably hate my guts.
But one day, you'll be sitting in a foxhole, surrounded by the enemy.
And then, by God, you'll hate me even more.
All right, enough rubbernecking, you bunch of gold bricks.
Let's move out.
The march continued.
And continued.
And continued.
Is it ever really the end?
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Radio Free Janer.
The great Saint Janer Hyperclete's there with the march.
Done for his own new radio show there on KABF in Little Rock.
Hello, Little Rock.
And howdy, Janer.
And I believe that was Calvin with him.
I'm not sure.
It might have been Bobby Free or maybe one of the Samuels brothers.
He's one of them rednecks, you know.
And what else?
Let's go to our kook collection, friends.
What?
There are so many wonderful tapes here in the kook collection.
We'll try this little...
It's sort of a tape letter to us we got recently.
Crap.
According to my records, I've sent you 33 pages of information plus a postcard.
Most of what I sent you proves beyond a shadow of a doubt that much of what you've sent me is crap.
Only a person like you, with your almost total lack of any intelligence, honesty, sanity, or any other kind of intelligence,
knowledge, understanding, etc., would claim otherwise.
As I've said, you lie too much.
The idea that your communications to me are enlightened is ludicrous.
There's nothing enlightened about insanity, stupidity, dishonest, laziness, lying, cheating, mysticism.
You keep sending me long letters with all kinds of misinformation and disinformation in them,
which I've proved to you over and over and over again in my letters back to you.
On the order of 2 plus 2 equals 5.
I keep writing back to you that no, 2 plus 2 doesn't equal 5,
and you keep writing 2 plus 2 equals 5 back to me again and again and again and again and again.
2 plus 2 doesn't equal 5.
Much of what you've sent me is crap.
You either have no real idea of what you keep sending me,
which is quite possible for a person who's obviously as insane as you are,
or you do know and are delusional.

You're deliberately lying your head off.
I am very new to the top of the emotional tone scale.
I am not having a strong emotional reaction to the garbage you keep sending me at all.
A person that was reacting emotionally obviously wouldn't send you dozens of pages of information back.
Information that's sensible, rational, logical, correct, true, sane, right, at all.
You're way off.
Well, that's kind of depressing, friends.
That's from some crackpot out there.
His name, Nenslow or something, I don't know.
That upsets me so much, in fact, that it seems like we should turn to our new guru,
our new Shorterpersav, Joe.
Yes, praise Joe.
Let's see what Joe, probably he will impart his wisdom tonight in the form of a song or a ditty.
Let's find out at random.
I could sleep.
Oh, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee.
It's supposed to be an imitation of a young girl who has to go to the bathroom really bad
and she's looking up the stairs toward the bathroom and freaking out thinking she's not going to make it in time.
Could sleep.
Dozer.
Does.
Bop.
Bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop.
Some people who have heard me act this way, there's one guy, he asked me if I sit around and spank my monkey as I do this.
Hey, when I'm spanking my monkey, I'm laying down on the floor, pressing it against the floor, concentrating.
I don't need to be making those noises as I do it.
I make different kind of noises, like when I have the orgasm.
Ooh, it feels pleasant. Ooh, it feels pleasant.
Or if I'm getting an orgasm thinking about pleasure through pain, I'm chanting, it doesn't feel pleasant, but really it does.
As I'm getting off, I'm saying, it doesn't feel pleasant. Doesn't feel pleasant.
You know what I call teenage growth?
Girls, little squirty honeys.
And when they say, but my name isn't honey.
Or, oh, don't call me that. I don't like it.
I say, well, I don't care. Your name is honey.
Squirty means squirt, as in, you're a little squirter. Hey, you little squirt.
I suppose it could also mean, if I wanted it to, they squirt out all their openings.
Well, thanks, Joe.
Joe Offrecht there.
The amazing Joe Offrecht of Cleveland.
One of the great geniuses discovered by Jesus.
The sub-Jesus, who just walked back into the office.
You're supposed to be at that desk.
I'm sorry, Stank. Sorry, Reverend Stank.
Most of the time, he's a hard-working boy.
He still kind of craps a little close to the house, if you know what I mean.
Once again, I'm the guy that has legal notices in the paper.
And I have another legal notice for you to practice your business.
I'm the new age of discovery legal notice.
About a half-page story about permission to declare my bachelor minutes.
That's legal notice to the courts.
It's shortly after the Dr. Galakowicz incident.
And I get spattered.
And they don't even know if I know who I am anymore.
Nancy started hunting men.
And Clemency police went after her.
And other things.
Put them under their seat.
And surrender the keys to the zoo.
First industrialist family.
I've been arrested in animal rights on my land.
Animal behavior specialist.
Blood infectious disease.
And glandular medicine.
Microcircuitry and glandular corrections.
And a stolen doctor's estimate.
I got spattered by the same bunch of bird brains again.
Said I got my brain spattered.
I'm a doctor.
I'm okay.
I'm the guy with my legal notice in the paper.
I have some more legal notices for you.
I've got a story about word play.
And I'm entitled to what they call orange.
And I've got a story about the Euclid police and code.
And a bunch of entitlement packages come in.
And I'm entitled to orange or triple orange.
What they call triple orange.
It's an effervescent.
It's like 7-up.
A monster.
Like a Pepsi.
It's very interesting.
And I'm entitled to orange.
Extremely scientifically or soil preparation.
Woman, color temperature in orange.
Real orange or kingly orange.
I'm entitled to all the natural grazing colors.
Soil conditions of.
Then I'm entitled to white.
And a big game in who's entitlements or what.
Over at the Euclid police department.
They've been playing games with entitlement and code breaker police over there.
Yes, sir.
I'm the man with my legal notice in the paper.
If you want to start your own checks.
Man, the legal documents guy.
Friends, that's quite an amazing tape.
It goes on like that for.
What is it, Lord?
About like half an hour.
I think it's an hour.
An hour of one minute messages.
And to leave each message, he had to wait through a five minute outgoing recording.
So, this was a truly dedicated individual, friends, with a message and with legal documents.
Legal notices in the paper.
The fierce guard dog here can be heard in the background.
You know, friends, it's sad.
We're all.
We're all in this together.
We are not.
We used to be on a radio station in Dallas for ten years, but they sold out to the conspiracy
and now we're forced to produce these shows here in the subgenius office, kind of like
some portal crackpot militia fellow, you know, cranking out his awful little cassettes.
But yet, we persevere, friends, because if nothing else, we can always grab subgenius
shows done by better connected subgeniuses who are still allowed.
We're going to break a lot of records here today, folks.
Ha ha.
You stupid.
Susan Anton Wilson.
Yes, I remember her writings.
She exposed the conspiracy with a smile and a simper.
So, what would you think?
And a great deal of erudition as she tossed her blonde curl.
Why don't you be a little stupid?
Susan Anton Wilson, the famous writer.
And I was sorry to say, I was going to be a little stupid, but I'm not.

I'm not.













I'm just wondering that maybe I should use some long-slimmed air.
Susan, I think I'm stupid.
Well, you know, sometimes doing the old show here seems like swimming upstream through
a slow, sluggish, erupting volcano of lard and molasses.
You stupid head.
I know you are, but what am I?
You stupid bastard.
We can hear you down there.
Behind the sound effects, stop making decisions.
I'm sorry.
That was stupid of me.
Stupid, stupid, stupid.
Well, you know, a saint stupid would have been here, but unfortunately, he had a prior engagement.
You're lying.







By the way, let me enlighten you.
I am not operating the control board.
How dare you?
And, well, it's...
Come back here, you stupid, stupid.
That's what I pay them for, you little fool.
I'm not here to...
And I would, if I could.
Sign you up.
Once again, dear friends, poor Dr. Howell fighting the sound effects there at the KPFA
show, puzzling evidences supplying the sound effects, so as to make the show more puzzling
and interesting.
I'm not going to go into all the details.
I'm not going to go into all the details.
But, you know, I want to check out this Susie the Flusie and Nolan Void yard sale show from
Bob's Slack Time Fun House.
It's kind of like a long radio play, and I can't run the whole thing, but we can certainly
do some excerpts about this wonderful white trash queen, Susie the Flusie, and followed,
I think, by a song, a poorly...
Quite poorly recorded song.
Which we'll play anyway.
It's our fault for the recording of Joe Newman, the great Joe Newman, and Sphinx Drummond,
and the gang there with Booger 9000.
Thank you.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.

I'm sorry.

I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.




I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.


Hi, baby.
How's the yard sale coming along?
Oh, hi, Brother Void.
Oh, I didn't hear the caprice.
I conked out on the way up the hill.
Oh.
But I slammed it in to reverse and turned around and let the downward momentum carry
me up the hill to your place.
I love the way you defy the laws of physics.
Any law is worth defying, I always say.
Hell, the laws of physics are just the morals of the economy.


science but if they mess with me especially gravity man I hate gravity
nice job on these rickety ass tables you got set up
gee Suzy face looks like a swollen rotten melon from sobbing I can tell
you've been working on your show haven't you thought a little sock on the
jaw would perk you up oh yeah the show yeah it's crying time again getting to
be like having a major brain hemorrhage every two weeks Oh dr. Boyd I'm getting
a feeling I've gone to the hospital
well too many times I'm having a pump that sucker so dang hard anymore I'm
getting Popeye arms from it look hell if you ain't girl but your arms look fine
yesterday at dr. Philo's gluttony grotto you tore into that prairie squid
almondine like a Wolverine coming off a dexatrim binge you know yeah you can
kind of reduce the swelling temporarily that old family remedy nature's beauty
you know you can kind of reduce the swelling temporarily that old family
treatment leeches yeah the old ways are the best but look at them suck holes
they left on your arms come over here into the light where I can take a good
look at them geez this is a real pus farm before I go I'll whip you up a
poultice out of the battery acid in my caprice just remind me later whoo god
Suzy you look downright awful
Suzy you look downright awful I mean even worse than usual what's the
I mean even worse than usual what's the problem kid oh I don't know it's just
I just been feeling this yearning to go back to my roots you know to get in touch with my heritage
not this rant again look I put some wheels up against your house what more
do you want it just ain't the same Nolan putting wheels on a brick house just don't make it a mobile home

damn Skeeters oh at least they have a positive side yeah you get the scabs to pick at later not a bad trade-off is it yeah it's almost like there is a god
she keeps a great Mogan David in a dirty mason jar got Oprah Winfrey programmed on her VCR tucking off her goatee
so her boyfriend won't see any kind of infection on her he might surmise
Rush Limbaugh on the radio well versed in fellatio extraordinarily nice
she's a trailer queen gun racks in Ovaltine Kenny Rogers makes her cream
Krusty Poo want her behind
it's full recommended at the price just ignore the pubic lice
avoid constipation she always took some dulcolax in conversation
smoke just like for nobulax fed a man from Viter called a double whiter
traded in some plasma for some hairspray and wine perfume came naturally from Walmart
smell just like the dog fart for stidious and precise she's a trailer
queen gun racks in Ovaltine reading people magazine Krusty Poo want her behind
Krusty Poo want her behind
it's a
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the the theoring
but look through Multiverse
no
it's poofy
but
bing。
to pick
have all

yeah
登録
just get more the pubic watch
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
And dear friends, that was Booger 9000,
Joe Newman and Sphinx Drummond doing that
a terribly recorded version
version of that Jane or Hyperclete's Doctors for Bob song shot the living gee out of me.
We've run out of time and sound quality so it's time to give you the sacred P.O. box
again. Yes friends, you can write for free information about what the hell is going on
here. But it has something to do with that Bob guy. And you can write to Bob. You got
that pencil ready now? I know you do. Yes do ask for free information. Just write to
Bob, B-O-B at P.O. Box 140306. That's Box 140306 in Dallas, Texas. Can't you tell by
the way I talk? It's God's language.
And that zip code is 75214. Once again friends, that's Bob at P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas.
75214. Praise Bob!
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
It rained all day water was ankle deep and rising.
It rained all day water was ankle deep and rising.
It rained all day water was ankle deep and rising.
I am offering you a personal flotation device
to keep your head above this rising river.
I'm offering you a personal flotation device in the form of this man J.R. Bob Dobbs
Either get it out or take it off
Oh please
You
